“Why?  What is it?”
Sherlock pursed his lips as he considered previous clients, dismissing several stories on the spot.  He needed something to establish empathy...something that would appeal to John's compassionate nature (assuming that John really was innocent and not simply pretending to be a qualified veterinarian while secretly committing serious medical malpractice in pursuit of personal financial gain).  The case involving the missing three Quarter Horses was out; it was dull, as was the one about Beryl Coronet.  Who cared if somebody took the blame for somebody else's actions because of love?  Finally he began relating the story of a client who'd contacted him when a previously well-behaved mare had begun balking and shying when out on trail rides.  John had listened quietly for the first part, only to interrupt when Sherlock got to the part where he'd managed to deduce the mare was going blind.
"Oh."
Glancing at her watch, Molly winced and hurriedly drank the rest of her cup of coffee.  She rinsed it and loaded it into the industrial-sized dishwasher under the watchful gaze of the kitchen's cook.  "Sorry, Billy, I've got to run," she explained.  "I need to get some things done before my class starts.  Bye!" Molly called as she scurried out of the room.
"John, John, stop," Sherlock gasped, tightening his grip to still the motion of John’s hips.
pool of suspects?" Donovan demanded, throwing her hands up in frustration and giving Sherlock an exasperated look.  "The next most obvious suspect is dead.  Doctor Sawyer's clinic isn't set up to do the fancy surgeries Doctor Sterndale does, so there's no financial incentive for John Watson there.  I spoke with Ross's insurance company about previous claims and I've looked at the Triple C's public records.  Ross—like most of the ranchers in the region—has gone into debt because of the drought.  The insurance payouts might be the difference between keeping or losing the Triple C.  Nothing I've found so far indicates that this is anything other than an open-and-shut case of attempted insurance fraud, and maybe murder, or at least manslaughter if you add Straker's death."
John cocked an eyebrow.  "You’re what?"
"I don't know about drinking," Molly answered slowly.  "Joe kind of kept to himself outside of work.  But I know he smoked...and he was reputed to have a bit of a temper."  Molly wrinkled her nose at Sherlock's raised eyebrow.  "I heard that he once punched somebody for nicking one of his fancy imported cigarettes," she explained.  "But I didn't witness it myself, so I don't know if it's really true."
As much as Sherlock enjoyed keeping information close to his chest until he could make a big reveal back home, here, in the U.S., his resources were more limited.  He needed help.  While Donovan might begrudge his presence, the fact that she was including him in her interviews was indicative of her commitment to working with him.  Informing her of his suspicions would be a reciprocal courtesy.  Still frowning, Sherlock fired off a quick text to Donovan, letting her know what he'd learned and directing an avenue for research.
Others might have suspected Doctor Watson of bilking the horse's owner for numerous expensive and unnecessary tests.  Sherlock, however, was intelligent enough to recognize and appreciate the other man's through methodology.
Around him, he could see the rest of the ranch staff scrubbing trailers, grooming horses, scooping up manure, hauling feed and generally dealing with the myriad of chores that went with running a ranch.  Candii Ross was standing on the porch with Nat Tsedaa'.  The two of them were engaged in deep conversation, likely over some tedious bit of paperwork related to the ranch, Sherlock deduced as he continued past the house towards Devil's Blaze's current pen.
“It’s not uncommon, unfortunately,” Arthur told him.  “Those insurance companies will bleed you dry even before the doctors do.”
“Okay,” James agreed.  “I’ll do that.” He paused.  “Do you think I should send her a Christmas gift since she’s sent me one?”
“Put it this way, do you like spicy?”
"Indeed."  The value of his own, beloved Guarneri certainly fit that criteria, though the insured value was far eclipsed by his sentimental attachment to the instrument and the memories it invoked of Daddy's playing and his beloved first teacher, Mr. Mancini.  "Did you have any cases involving psychopathic bovines?" Sherlock asked, deliberately changing the topic.
Molly bit her lip before nodding in agreement.  "At the vet clinic where I used to work, we'd occasionally get cases of animal abuse that would result in a dog being terrified of bearded men, but fine with blond women."  She turned briefly to give Sherlock an apologetic smile.  "Sorry for being nosy, it's just that…I'm worried about him.  I don't want to see him hurt…any more than he's already been, that is."
"Safety—" Brenda began.
John blinked, clearly surprised.  He cocked an eyebrow at Mike, seeking silent permission, and received a bemused nod in return.
By all accounts, Candii Ross was a financially-solvent businesswoman with a reputation for ruthlessness.  An experienced horse breeder, she was the sole owner of a ranch that had been in her family for three generations.  Divorced twice, no children, and intelligent enough to demand a prenuptial agreement both times.  Business income generated primarily from raising, selling and renting small herds of horses, known colloquially as ‘bucking strings’ to rodeos for either bareback bronco or saddle bronco riding competitions.
"Cinnamon," Sherlock capitulated with a sigh.  "And do you have any lube?"
Mike’s voice was deadpan as he moved the chest piece over Sherlock’s back.  "No need—scientists have figured out how to build a mini refrigeration unit into most of them."
"The client insisted that the gelding loved the mare and had accepted her as his wife which is why he kept trying to mate with her.  He was trying to follow the religious mandate to 'go forth and multiply—"
"I think that there is a distinct probability that the horses were drugged," Sherlock corrected, pulling out his mobile and beginning another search.
"You...don't seem surprised," Sherlock observed with a raised eyebrow, privately amused by Edith's warning, considering he could just as easily lied about accepting the money and carried on as normal.
John smelled of something spicy and slightly woodsy.  It was enough to make Sherlock think of wood fires, Molton Brown's Re-charge Black Pepper Bodyscrub Bar and skin-warmed silk sheets.  It was addicting.  He wanted to stay there and steal a taste, but The Work called.
Sterndale waved his hands in a condescending gesture.  "For livestock, it can be death, abortion...birth defects, emaciation...decreased production, abnormal aggression.  Any number of things."
"Is that...bad?" Sherlock asked hesitantly.
He tightened his grip on the lead line attached to Blaze's halter and began swinging the remainder of the rope he held in his right hand in a large circle off to one side, keeping the end of the rope well clear of the horse.  Blaze's ears moved frantically in response to the singing sound the rope made as it whipped through the air, but once again, he didn't try and bolt.
"Right, sorry."  John licked his lips.  "You see, it used to be that people rode domestic animals—Herefords and Anguses from a sale that had enough of a jump-and-spin to save them from becoming hamburger.  Out of those, there was maybe a small percentage of them were naturally powerful enough and ornery enough to become rank bulls.  Bull riding's never been an easy sport, but in the early nineties, a good rider could cover—that means successfully ride—oh, maybe seventy-five percent of the bulls they drew."
"Oh.  No.  Myc's the pianist in the family.  I play the violin."
"How long?"  At Sherlock puzzled look, John shrugged.  "I mean, did you grow up around horses?  Did you see one get abused?  Is that...how you got your start?"
"Six years.  Eight if you include practice."
"It was a colt that was purchased for stud in Aleppo and brought over to England by Thomas Darley in 1704," Sherlock explained.  "It was part of a genetic study done by Trinity College a few years ago.  The reason why the Darley Arabian's genes are so prominent is because he sired Flying Childers—considered by many to be the first great racehorse and his son, Bartlet's Childers founded the Eclipse line of thoroughbreds.  Breeders and horse owners wanted the best possible genes for their own stables, so they focused on the offspring of winners."
John paused from where he was tightening one of the buckles on the back of his left thigh to grace Sherlock with an exasperated frown.  "Look," he snarked, "maybe you're rolling in it, but I'd rather not pay an arm and a leg for some basic H2O."
"Wait, what's the Darley Arabian?" John interrupted, furrowing his brow.
"Yes," Sherlock replied, trying not to let his impatience show.  Why were people so insistent on ignoring his expertise?
Candi shrugged.  "If it turns out one of my horses ain't a bucker, I've got other uses for 'em."   Candii tilted her head in the direction of the photographs on the credenza.  "Mustangs, by nature tend to be gentle and very intelligent.  The foals and fillies that turn out to not be good bronc candidates still have value for other purposes.  Their speed and agility can make them good cattle horses or barrel racers.  They also have value to conservationists or folks that want bragging rights to riding a rarer horse.  So, to answer your question, Mr. Holmes, I can charge the prices I do, because I've got clients willin' to pay 'em."
"This way," Lestrade told him, leading him through the warren of hallways with the ease of long experience.  The brisk pace didn't bother the captain, Sherlock noted, the other man's breathing remained even, despite climbing multiple flights of stairs.  Still walking quickly, Lestrade rounded a final corner and leaned against the open doorway of a miniscule office.  "Wait a sec."  Lestrade held up a hand, catching sight of the slim black woman sitting behind the desk.  She was busily writing notes on a yellow legal pad, her brow set in a furrow of concentration as she nodded in response to whatever the voice on the other end of the line was saying.  "She's on the phone," Lestrade said unnecessarily.
John licked his lips, shifting his position on the fence. "Could be,“ he said cautiously. "Would you like me to?”
"Mmmmm..." Sherlock hummed low and sultry in the back of his throat.  "Not to mention the importance of a good...vibrato to enhancing one's...pleasure."
Sherlock wrinkled his nose at being ordered about, but didn't argue.  He had enough sense to recognize that John was doing his best to diffuse the situation before Sherlock found himself being punched.
"You're attracted...?"
Sherlock’s eyes snapped open, observing the paper-wrapped parcel even as John extended an arm to hand it to its intended recipient.
"Hold on, easy there!"  John reached out, claiming the injured limb.  Warm, callused hands cradled Sherlock's arm as John palpated the rapidly swelling area with gentle efficiency.  Sherlock hissed involuntarily as the man's fingers pressed on a particularly painful point over one of the carpals.  He made to jerk his arm back, but John's grip prevented him.  "Sorry," John said apologetically, looking up to meet Sherlock's eyes, his expression concerned.  "Can you wiggle your fingers?  What about making a fist?  Can you bend your wrist at all?"
"The only sign of injury—besides the obvious cause of death and the damage to the mare's forelegs—are some swollen bruises with broken skin on the head and neck, exactly where you'd instinctively strike an animal that attacked you."
Back at his cabin, Sherlock took a hasty—but through—shower to sluice away the sweat and stink of a hard day's work, before slapping on two fresh patches.  As he toweled his hair dry, Sherlock tried to decide how he wanted the evening to play out.  He hadn’t missed the lines of fatigue in John’s shoulders, nor the faint bags under his eyes.  A sensible person would have rescheduled, but John had made the forty-five-minute trip anyway.  Ergo, John had missed him.  Sherlock pursed his lips in thought.  John’s visible exhaustion meant that he would likely be receptive to the idea of a quiet evening in...which would allow him to get the information he needed to conclusively prove either John’s guilt or innocence.
"Well sure," John agreed, rubbing at the back of his neck.  "I'll even buy your meal as a 'thank you' for, you know helping me out with Mrs. Porter."
"Really," Sherlock drawled skeptically, tilting his chin up to give John better access to his left ear.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in mute enquiry, inviting her to continue.
Sherlock has rather nimble toes...
Sherlock felt something unexpectedly emotional welling up in his chest at John’s explanation.  "Because I’m devastatingly handsome, perform amazing fellatio and am a genius?" Sherlock asked, opting for humor instead of saying something soppy and sentimental.  John’s expression scrunched up and for a moment, Sherlock panicked, wondering if he’d mistimed his quip, but then John smirked.
"What about Deputy Davis?  Is he still here?" John asked, tilting his head to one side.
"No.  It's fine."  Satisfied that everything was secure, Sherlock retrieved his laptop case from Molly.  "Shall we?"
"Don't be an idiot, John," Sherlock snapped.  "Horses that have been weaned are lactose intolerant.  Feeding them products made with whey would only result in digestive problems."
They drove in silence for several more minutes with Molly shooting him sideline glances before she spoke again.  When she did, her tone was hesitant.  "About that...I know you're the expert, but what, exactly, do you do to rehabilitate the horses you're hired to help?  And what are you planning on doing to Blaze?"
"Why?"
"—the hell should I have called then?"
Sherlock bit his lip as he looked around the tiny flat.  It was hardly a den of seduction, despite John's reputation.  There wasn't even a spare candle that he could set out on the table.  Granted, John's body language hadn't been very flirtatious, compared to prior occasions—even before he made his displeasure at catching Sherlock snooping clear—so a candle on the table might be pushing it.  But that didn't rule out the other small steps he could take to set the mood.
"Look, Billy, dogs and horses aren't the only animals with distinct personalities," John snapped, an annoyed expression on his face.  "Bulls have them too.  Now some bulls will toss a rider off and then calm right down.  Mr. T and Red Rock were both popular with competitors during the eighties because they had reputations for not trying to hook thrown riders or go after them.  Red Rock even liked to go for victory laps after he'd thrown somebody."
"True, you did," Sherlock replied.  He gave Toby one last skritch before stepping back.  "Shall we?"
"Now you're just bragging," Alice mock-scolded.  "Callie—over in Tucson—she said the dick was good, but the Doc's tongue was what made her a believer…"
Sherlock bit his bottom lip, considering the best way to subtly interrogate Sterndale without revealing his hand.  He needed information that he could pass along to Sally Donovan for further investigation.  As tempting as it was to resort to the sledgehammer approach and either drug Sterndale or deliberately antagonize him into accidently making an incriminating remark, neither Donovan nor Mycroft would thank him, especially if it resulted in his findings being inadmissible in a court of law.  There was also the small matter of John Watson needing to interview Sterndale about the odd cattle symptoms.  If he got them thrown out, John wouldn't get the information he needed...which would probably make him angry at Sherlock.
The goal was to continue gradually pressuring Devil's Blaze to widen his comfort zone until he accepted that humans weren’t particularly dangerous.  The trick was to make the stallion uncomfortable until he accepted the situation, without sending him into a full-blown panic.
"Huh," John replied in a thoughtful tone.  "I've done a fair bit of traveling, but I've never heard it called that before.  Makes me think of candy-flavoured dental floss."
"They’re a quality brand, extremely expensive when new," Sherlock continued.  "You’re the type of person who sees the value of investing in durable items, but you also seek to economize your purchases whenever possible, hence your choice of a surplus military vehicle designed to withstand hard use.  Lucchese uses lemonwood pegs, which allows their boots to be resoled, and uses quality leather for the uppers, meaning a pair of properly-cared-for boots can potentially last a wearer’s lifetime.  The price-tag for such durability can easily cost a thousand dollars, or more, however, which makes them an unusual choice for an adolescent.  These were either a gift from a family member, or a first splurge from a big rodeo win.  Which was it?"
"Were there any complications with his birth?"
"The horses were abusing each other," Sherlock clarified.
Private terror warred with anticipation, sending Sherlock’s pulse skyrocketing.  He'd seen the videos of some of John's rides on YouTube, but there were many displays of skill that lost certain nuances when seen on a screen: listening to an exquisite violin concerto being performed by a virtuoso in person was far superior to listening to it on a recording.  It was the difference between seeing a video of the Lipizzaner stallions executing their world-renowned 'airs above the ground' and actually sitting in the stands of the Spanish Riding School in Vienna.  Of listening to a horse race on the radio, versus standing in the winner’s circle.  Preservation and broader distribution were wonderful for those that couldn’t be physically present, but the experience was still a pale shadow of being immersed in the environment and witnessing something firsthand.
"Dating taller women didn’t make you feel self-conscious?" Sherlock snarked, knowing that he sounded irrationally jealous, but unable to stop the words from slipping out.
“Better,” Sherlock acknowledged as he leaned forward again, lips engulfing John in smooth heat as his tongue worked along the vein on the underside of John’s shaft. He adjusted his left hand so that he could ghost his thumb lightly over John’s testicles while still keeping the condom situated. Sherlock leaned forward, inhaling deeply. This close, John smelled even more enticing than usual. The vet's usual leather-and-spice scent was overlaid with the musk of arousal. Sherlock growled in pleasure as he took John's cock deeper and buried his nose in the cinnamon-coloured curls framing John’s crotch.
"Mike!"
"John, I have been fantasizing about you for weeks," Sherlock confessed, dropping his voice to a husky growl.  It was nothing but the truth.  Sherlock stared down at the man lying prone beneath him and it was all he could do not to drool the way Bonnie did when she found somebody eating one of Juana's tamales or burritos, (which was frequent, since Sherlock had observed that the foods in question were a common component in the lunches of the ranch hands responsible for managing Candii Ross's cattle herds).  John's chest was slick with a thin sheen of perspiration; the tangy, spicy scents of mingled scents of sweat and desire made Sherlock's throat dry with want.  He could also feel the throbbing of John's erect cock against his bollocks through the blasted denim jeans that John still wore, and the sensation was enough to make his cock give an optimistic twitch, (his recent orgasm notwithstanding).  "I fully intend to reciprocate," Sherlock added, giving John's pebbled nipples a quick tweak before leaning forward to mash his lips against John's.  John grunted once, perhaps in surprise, but he quickly parted his lips to welcome Sherlock's tongue.
It was from Donovan.
, you're gorgeous.  Come on.  I want to see you.  Come on..."
"Surprisingly okay," Sherlock admitted.  "Well, not the ones made with ants, the chitin got caught in my teeth, which was something I didn't care for.  The version made with
"Worth the wait?" Sherlock asked, deliberately pitching his voice lower to something sultry.
"I know it doesn't look like much on the outside," John admitted, "but don't let that fool you.  Most of the equipment inside is state-of-the-art.  Mike Stamford's an old friend of mine and he comes from money.  We met in in the Helmand province back when I was deployed and he was working with Doctors Without Borders.  When he got back to the States, Mike decided to do something about appalling state of our country's healthcare system for the poor by opening up his own independent clinic.  He and his wife both know how to network.  Grants and donations help offset the operating costs and the savings get passed along to the patients.  Mike could have easily gotten a cushy job in some big hospital somewhere if he'd wanted to, but he wanted to do more."
" Sherlock interrupted, well aware of the unfaked confusion rife in his tone.  "What on earth is a bulldogger?"
John shook his head slowly.  "Just...wow.  I think that, right there, tops anything I might have."
"Woah, easy there now," John chided gently, his hands catching Sherlock's to offer support.  He stood, which allowed Sherlock to lean against John's strong chest in a show of weakness that was only partially feigned.  "I've got you," John continued soothingly as he backed them up slowly through the curtain surrounding his bed.  He gave a gentle push and Sherlock fell backwards, landing on the substandard mattress.  "Just to make absolutely certain that we're on the same page, is this still fine?"
The hesitance in John's voice brought Sherlock back to himself and he realized that he'd yet to respond.  "I'd...like that," Sherlock said, feigning shyness as he stared down at the cluttered worktop in front of him, trying to decide what to test next.  "That sounds...fun."
"Fine," Sherlock grumbled as he struggled to toe off his boots without letting go of his grip on John's shirt.  His awkward sprawl on the bed made it difficult to do so, but he eventually managed. Boots were followed quickly by socks, making him grateful for his tendency to practice picking up things with his toes.  "Better?" he challenged.
"Exactly," John replied with a firm nod.  "Only instead of speed or bug eyes, they're cross-breeding rank animals to produce bulls that are bigger, faster, stronger and a lot more highly-conditioned than they were twenty years ago.  ABBI--that's American Bucking Bull, Inc.--has something like over 180,000 animals in their pedigree database.  Bull-breeding's expensive, but it can be worth it.  It used to be that the biggest payday a bull might earn would be $20,000 if it was selected as the world champion bucking bull.  But now?  Since bull-riding's gone pro, elite animals can earn a
“Billy Scott, Consulting Equine Expert, meet Dr. Jessie Depeau, experienced livestock vet-” John announced, looking away from the steer long enough to make the hurried introductions over one shoulder.
.  If you're really as good a friend as you say you are, you'll let me make sure he's clear.  Coverups do no favors.  For anybody.  All they do is undermine the public trust."
The thought drifted through John’s mind like a leaf on a gentle breeze.  A moment later, it was joined by its friend: ‘fucking’.  Followed shortly afterwards by ‘Christ’
"Any headache, dizziness or nausea?"
"Very successful," Donovan replied.  "People are required to report their winnings…Based on his tax records, Mr. Straker won between twenty and fifty grand most years, if not more."
Four fresh pairs of gloves and several empty baggies went into the front pockets of his jacket.  A half-dozen condoms and a few packages of slick went into the matching pocket on the other side.  Two clean handkerchiefs were tucked into one of the side pockets.  They would be useful both for preventing tell-tale fingerprints and for cleaning up any bodily fluids later if the evening went as planned.  His Kingpin HyperX Predator 1TB USB drive (a present from Jim), along with two, smaller backup USB drives went into one of the sealable inner pockets of his denim jacket, while his VuPoint magic wand portable scanner went into another.  John didn't seem like the type to keep stacks of papers about, but it was better to plan ahead and not need something than to curse himself for his lack of foresight afterwards, Sherlock reasoned as he double-checked the charge on the device.  A lighter and his false-bottomed, metal cigarette case containing vials of flunitrazepam, GHB, ketamine, diazepam, and alprazolam went into an empty side pocket.  After another quick moment of deliberation, Sherlock tucked his phone, keys, and wallet into his jacket as well.  Carrying them in the pockets of his jeans would only distort the lines of his trousers and add unsightly lumps to his arse.
"That's very interesting, Holmes, but how does that affect the case?"
"No, it's an independent business that's been around for close to ten years now.  One of my ex-girlfriends turned me on this this place.  It's kind a fixture for the night crowd, since the local Starbucks close around nine," John explained as they walked, his head swiveling from side to side as he automatically checked out the other pedestrians.
The ride to the fairgrounds seemed to take forever, even though John drove like a metaphorical member of the Chiroptera order fleeing from a flaming mythical underworld, with one hand on the steering wheel and the other holding his mobile to his ear as he arranged for an equine ambulance to meet them at the fairgrounds.  Sherlock was privately convinced that John had simultaneously broken at least three (if not more) American traffic regulations at one point, judging by the honking and gesturing from the young woman in a sports car they'd passed in an intersection.  He could feel his right hand cramping from where it was wrapped around the handle bolted to the underside of the truck's roof—a grab point, he'd learned that was colloquially known as the 'oh SHIT!' bar.  Back home, Mrs. Hudson had occasionally interrupted his periodic diatribes about quality London cabbies to regale him with stories about the terrible drivers she'd encountered when she'd still lived in Florida.  Sherlock tightened his grip and fought down an involuntary yelp as John used the motorway's shoulder to blow past a lorry like it was standing still.  No matter what Mrs. Hudson thought, Florida drivers apparently had
Sherlock pressed his lips together, trying to decide how to fit the disparate pieces of his plan together.  He needed to get back into John's flat if he was going to copy his computer...assuming John actually had his laptop in his flat and hadn't left it at his work.  "Are there any good farmers' markets open on Friday nights?  Or perhaps a good grocers that carries fresh produce?  We could eat in, instead of going to a restaurant."
"A consulting equestrian expert?" Doctor Früh repeated slowly.
Sherlock quit struggling to fix John with his most fearsome glare.  "John, if you call me cute, I swear to a god that I don’t believe in that I will replace all of the coffee in your flat with decaf when you least expect it."
"Howdy, Doc!"
"Do you remember who it was?" John asked, tipping his head to one side.
"Do you ever play darts?  Or beer pong?"
"I'm fine," Sherlock snapped, privately horrified that not only was he incapable of controlling his transport, he'd let his character slip so badly that John had successfully spotted it.  Mycroft would never let him hear the end of it if he learned of Sherlock's foolish mistake.  He needed to remember that John's affable expression and engaging nature hid an equally sharp mind.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My pants, John!”  Sherlock demanded, wrenching the mug out of John’s hand.  “Where are they?”
"Yes.  You told me about your sister's childhood ambitions, and I've confessed mine.  What about yours?  Did you always dream of being a veterinarian?"
“Have you ever seen anything like this?  I was first thinking it was dust, or maybe keratoconjunctivitis, which would explain their fractiousness, since sunlight makes everything more painful-but I examined these animals myself less than twenty-four hours ago and there was no sign of any sort of infection!”
There was a scuffling noise from behind him.  Sherlock turned to see John pulling one of the locked trunks from under his bed and thumbing open the combination.  John had already pulled on his boots and tucked in his shirt in the time it had taken for Sherlock to catch the phone and begin interrogating Lestrade.  The lid of the trunk opened to reveal an impressive assortment of bottles, syringes, and other related medical equipment.  "Symptoms!" John barked, grabbing an empty, black toolbox and flipping it open.  His hands were already reaching for bottles of medication with the speed of muscle memory.  "Quickly, now!" John added in response to Sherlock's blank look.
“Oh, you,” the shorter man tittered, leaning in to press a kiss to the other man’s cheek.  “Only because you don’t pay any attention to mirrors, dear!  I mean, who wouldn’t be helpless at the sight of a thoroughbred like yourself?”
"For starters, there is the way he confirmed my rather leading statements about Devil's Blaze being abnormally aggressive."
"Different good, or different bad?"
Sherlock removed his irritating hat and dropped it to the ground.  There was no reason to wear it outside.  With sigh of relief, Sherlock leaned against the wall.  He could feel the trapped heat of the day radiating from the rough bricks at his back, their warmth seeping through the thin cotton of his shirt.  John's warm hands were wrapped around his arms and doing a marvelous job of holding him upright.  The thump of drums and the over-amplified twang of the music's steel-string guitars was still audible through the brick, keeping time with the thudding of his pulse, but the noise was far-enough removed that it no longer felt like it was pounding through his skull like a farrier's hammer against an anvil.  Sherlock blew out a breath and then inhaled deeply, taking in the myriad of odours detectable in the warm, still air.  He could detect hot tar and dust and traces of cigarette smoke from fags the staff no doubt smoked on their breaks.  There was also the faint reek of garbage coming from the skips at the end.  Overlaying it all though was the scent of the man standing in front of him: clean sweat, cologne, leather and something spicy and unmistakably masculine.  The combination made Sherlock's mouth water.
"Where are the ranch's veterinary supplies stored?" Sherlock interrupted.
"Lube, different types of condoms, gloves, wet wipes, dental dams...you name it.  I have a whole kit." John shimmied further up on the rumpled fabric of the duvet and pulled open the drawer of his bedside table with flattering haste.  There was a rustle of stiff fabric, followed by the sound of a zipper being pulled.  "Do you want a pair?" John asked as he rummaged around.  "I've got a couple of different types in case you're allergic to latex."
Sherlock swallowed, forcing himself to remain still.  John’s not-really-a-question had sent a puff of warm air against Sherlock’s ear, tickling the fine hairs on his neck and making him shiver.  He could feel the heat radiating off of John’s form and taste John’s scent thick in his throat from John’s perspiration.  How would he taste elsewhere?  Salty?  Earthy? Would John’s muscled thighs tremble when wrapped around his hips, the muscles exhausted by their earlier use, or would they clench tight, holding Sherlock close and keeping him there while John writhed underneath?  Sherlock fought for control as his imagination helpfully fed him images of John stretched out nude across a bed, of John on his hands and knees wearing nothing but the chaps Sherlock had requested, of John stradling Sherlock’s thighs, gripping both of their cocks the way he’d hung onto his saddle bronc rein while he undulated above.
"Yes."
it.  "I don't know why you're so upset.  I certainly must have enjoyed myself," Sherlock retorted, waving a hand dismissively, desperately hoping to absolve John of his utterly illogical guilt.  "And you didn't make me do anything I didn't want to do—"
"What do you mean?" Sherlock demanded.
Donovan gave him a scrutinizing look before nodding once, firmly.  She turned then and stopped before a closed door labeled 'AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY!  ALL INDIVIDUALS MUST SIGN IN.  PROTECTIVE CLOTHING MUST BE WORN BY ALL VISITORS.  NO EXCEPTIONS!'  She glanced down at her watch and waited.  At the stroke of six, she raised her left hand and rapped firmly on the door with her knuckles.  The door swung open to reveal a man wearing a head-to-toe coverall, a mask, goggles and gloves.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow.  There was a story there that went far beyond a simple personality clash.  "Ah, right.  Sorry.  Makes sense.  Professional code of ethics and all."  Sherlock gave Sterndale a ruefully apologetic smile that he hoped came across as convincing enough to sooth Sterndale's clearly ruffled feathers, and purposely changed the topic.  "So, is Buck-N-Grind still competing?  Or is he living out his days in a pasture somewhere fathering the next generation of world class bull?"
"No really, it is," John insisted as he leaned in, heedless of the danger.  "Say 'penguins' for me."
"You sure?" John asked hesitantly.  "I don't want to keep you if you're busy."
Instead, Sherlock swallowed hard in a desperate bid to refocus on his endgame for the night.
"Sadly, we'll have to wait until later when we have a proper bed at our disposal," John announced in a regretful tone.  "I don't want to risk pulling something before the competition.  But in the interest of fairness," John continued, his voice dropping to husky croon with an accompanying smirk that made it clear that he was aware of the effect his voice was having on Sherlock, "if I'm going to be wearing chaps, you should have a pair too.  Do you have any back at the ranch?"
Such as the monster looming in the southwest.
"Nothing too serious, I hope?"
"Mmmmm..." Sherlock sighed, pressing into John's hands like a cat, enjoying the unexpected trails of warmth that John's fingers seemed to leave behind as they traced over his skull.
Sherlock texted, tuning out the announcer in favor of conversing after a fashion with John.
"What's that mean?" Lestrade demanded from his position by the stall door where he was watching them with anxious eyes.
"I used to live in Rhodesia, well Zimbabwe now," Sterndale eventually replied, his tone not inviting more discussion on the matter.  "But that was a long time ago."
"No.  None."
"And what category do you consider yourself in right now?"
Sherlock nodded.
“Here, see for yourself,” James replied, offering the letter to John, resulting in a second raised eyebrow.  The photographs he kept to himself.
"Hmmm?"
"Your pupils are pretty dilated, Billy," John observed aloud, his head tilting to one side, when Sherlock didn't say anything.  "How's your head?" John asked, reaching up and tilting Sherlock's chin down.  He leaned a little closer so he could peer into Sherlock's eyes, his own eyes narrowing in concerned concentration as he studied Sherlock's face.  It was the same diagnostic look Sherlock had observed watching John care for his animal patients; it combined concern and compassion with a clinical analysis and sharp intelligence that was incredibly arousing.
Sherlock heard the scrape and thump of a wooden drawer opening and closing, followed by the rattle of metal hangers on a metal curtain rod.  John reappeared, a fresh pair of jeans and shirt clutched tightly under one arm.  He gave Sherlock a hesitant smile and vanished into the bath.  A moment later, Sherlock heard the sound of water falling.
The banter continued for several minutes as the next rider got ready.  Sherlock drummed his fingers against one thigh as he studied the overhead display.  Team roping was listed as the upcoming division.  It would be followed by the Saddle Bronc competition.  Hopefully John wouldn’t be required to remain for the entire event…
"Good boy," Sherlock murmured, releasing the pressure and leading Girandola towards the round pen where the other horses from the Triple C were being temporarily held until they were moved to the competition arena's holding pens.  The gelding followed along amicably enough, but the swishing of his tail and the twitching of his ears made it clear that he wasn't completely relaxed.
"We have hours yet before the saddleback event starts," Sherlock scolded as he picked up another set of chaps, only to immediately reject them without even bothering to try them on.  There was no way in hell he was going to voluntarily wear paisley-patterned leather trousers and a matching adult romper, no matter how artfully the sequins were applied.  "If it's complex carbohydrates you're seeking, you would be better off eating steel-cut oatmeal or almonds instead of something fried," Sherlock continued, recalling the various lectures Mycroft had been subjected to before Mycroft had been replaced by Sherlock as Mummy's protégée.  "Eating foods high in salt and saturated fat just before a competition will only dehydrate you and/or make you nauseous; nobody wants to be subjected to the sight of you vomiting off the side of your horse."
"Mmmmmm…" John replied noncommittally, giving Sherlock a saucy wink, a definite swagger creeping into his stride.
"Bossy," John mock-scolded, rubbing his cheek against the bulge in Sherlock's trousers.  "Hand me a condom from the nightstand, would you?"
Sherlock nodded, privately impressed that Molly was following his train of logic.  "You mentioned that there were there other horses.  Do you remember where they were in relation to Devil's Blaze? "
that had been feasting on the contents inside rose up in a cloud and began buzzing around them angrily.
had seen to that), but sharing food was an age-old custom designed to promote trust.  "What do you recommend?"
The excited barking of Bonnie and O'Malley and the accompanying rooster plume of dust heralded the approach of a vehicle, effectively distracting him from his musings.  He reached up to shade his eyes, confirming that yes, it was John Watson arriving to pick him up.  Not that there was any doubt as to the identity of the driver, Sherlock noted, considering that John's approaching velocity in the Humvee was what a saner person would term as 'reckless'.  He ducked inside briefly to fetch his hat and jacket and dump the half-empty mug in the sink.  By the time he'd returned, John had already skidded to a stop and was hopping out of the cab with far more energy than anybody had a right to possess at such an early hour.
It was hateful.
Molly looked over to where Sherlock was concentrating on his mobile.  "Um...do you mind if I turn on the radio?"
filled the truck's cab.
A few moments later, Candii led them into the ranch's largest barn.  At the end, Sherlock could see where Molly and the two men she'd waved at earlier were busily chatting as they filled feed buckets.  Nearby a stocky woman with salt-and-pepper hair cut into a practical men's cut was writing notes on a clipboard.
this story with you.  Thank you!
"And my belongings?" Sherlock inquired, his tone deliberately neutral, "may I collect them?"
"So what happened?" Sherlock demanded, leaning forward.
The cars, trucks and crowds that had packed the space for the last ten days of festivities were gone.  In their wake they'd left broken glass, trash and the odd plaid shirt.  A few scattered vehicles remained bordering the parking lot's edges.  Most of them belonged to either ranch hands or fairground staff.  By the end of the morning those too would be gone, their owners summoned to fulfill other obligations.
Sherlock shrugged again and tipped his head vaguely in the direction he'd last seen the Triple C's crew.  "Over there somewhere.  No doubt drinking, playing with darts and flirting with floozies."
The lobby was empty except for a young girl with cardamom-hued skin and long, wavy hair.  She was sitting behind one of the room's two reception desks, playing some sort of computer game.  Sherlock could hear the whistles and chirps coming from where the computer's speakers weren't quite muted.  Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, taking in the girl's features.  Eleven, maybe twelve; clearly too young to be a legitimate employee.  No makeup and her hair was pulled back in a simple, low ponytail.  She was also extremely modestly dressed in a long-sleeved, pink plaid blouse.  Sterndale's daughter, perhaps?  Anthea's file had mentioned he had one.
Apparently emboldened by Sherlock's encouraging hum, John's tongue began to flick teasingly against the seam of Sherlock's mouth, seeking entrance.  With a rumble of approval, Sherlock parted his lips to invite John's tongue in...
"Oh?” Candii asked, looking surprised.  “Who?"
John shook his head.  "Nah.  Just a case of some bull calves getting a bit rowdy.  One got tangled up in a barb wire fence.  It was a bloody mess, but the calf should be fine.  Fortunately, the stitches were pretty straightforward.  I'd've hated to show up stinking of sweat and cows when you're standing there, looking all gorgeous," John added, giving Sherlock an easy grin.  "You might have told me to get the hell out of Dodge!"
"Damn," John breathed, tilting his head sideways and popping his neck.  His eyes narrowed and he pursed his lips, looking at the final arrangement.
A moment later, his phone chimed.
Roughly ten minutes later, John was pulling up the first of several spreadsheets that Sherlock belatedly recognized.  “See here?" John asked, pointing at a line on the screen.  "Here’s when I first started tracking wrecks and especially aggressive animals.  I mean, wrecks happen all the time; there are entire YouTube channels devoted to them, but these are some of the nastier ones that have happened in the last few years.  My friend Bill Murray’s wreck wasn’t an isolated event.  This is where a rider named Paul Vance got dashboarded riding CanCan and broke his neck.  And here,” John continued, pointing at another set of names, “is where Carl Nance got kicked in the head by Underpass.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, found himself registering the sensation of pain.  Looking down at his lap, Sherlock forced the locked muscles of his hands to unclench and turned them over to examine the underside.  What he saw made him grimace.  He kept his fingernails clipped short for two reasons: playing the violin and reducing the likelihood of accidental tears or detachment by catching on something.  Despite his precautions, eight sharp crescents were criss-crossing the creases of his palms, looking absurdly red against the bleached-bone pallor of his skin.
“NICE JOB THERE, CINDER-FELLA!” The announcer chuckled.  “HOPEFULLY YOUR PRINCE KNOWS WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE WITHOUT YOUR MAKEUP!  IF HE DOESN’T, HE CAN COME TO THE HONKY-TONK LATER TONIGHT FOR SOME LINE DANCING!  ACTUALLY, EVERYBODY’S INVITED!  THE BADONKADONK HAS SOME OF THE COLDEST BEERS AROUND AND DON’T EVEN GET ME STARTED ON HOW THEIR ZOMBIES WILL LEAVE YOU CRAWLIN’ TO THE HEAD THE NEXT MORNING!!!!   RIGHT…THE JUDGES ARE DECIDING THEIR SCORE…AAAANNNNNDDDD CLINT ENGLAND CHECKS IN AT SEVENTY-EIGHT AND THREE-QUARTERS POINTS, PUTTING HIM FOURTH PLACE, JUST BEHIND BERYL KROON!  GOOD JOB!  NOW IT’S TIME FOR A MATCHUP THAT I’VE PERSONALLY BEEN LOOKING FORWARD TO: JOHN WATSON ON SPECKLED BAND!  THERE’S A REASON WHY WATSON EARNED THE NICKNAME THREE-C—THAT STANDS FOR THREE CIRCUITS FOR THOSE OF YOU NOT ALREADY IN THE KNOW.  I’M A TELLIN’ Y’ALL, THIS MAN IS A HECK OF A RIDER.”  The announcer’s emphasis on the word ‘rider’ paired with the music track overhead switching to people singing “save a horse ride a cowboy,” had several members of the audience cat-calling while others laughed or applauded their agreement.
It would also be a preemptive strike against John’s nagging.
“Once again, that’s up to you.”
Molly sniffed once in derision but finally gave him a grudging smile in return.  "I accept your apology, and you're welcome."
"It shouldn't be a problem," Edith said dismissively.  "This is a fairly small event compared to the Nationals, and we don't have any of our headliner broncos here with us.  Besides, fairground security usually does a pretty good job keeping unauthorized people out.  But if you're really worried, just ask to see their staff badges."
"Thanks," John huffed, instinctively tilting his head to one side to allow Sherlock greater access.  "But you didn't answer my quest—Oh Christ!" John swore as Sherlock latched on and began sucking at his pulse point.  "Billy—"
There was no other descriptor for it.  Sherlock giggled at the brief thought, the sound quickly dissolving into a pleased groan as John paused long enough to trace the edges of Sherlock's lips and teeth before plunging back in, his tongue brushing against Sherlock's in a slick slide.
"Indeed," Sherlock said dryly.
"Because he's got a damn good reputation on the circuit."
"Yep.  I ain't taking chances with my stock."
"I'll be right back with that for you, hun," she promised with a wink.
"It is true that when I started my practice, I catered mostly to performance horses.  I still treat them, but yes, over the years, I have come to focus more on raising and caring for rank bulls."
The camper's tiny windows remained dark.
Again.
"Or dance-offs," John added, with a one-shouldered shrug.  "It was an easy way to determine who had the biggest balls...without getting written up."
Quick as his movement was, it was not quick enough to escape Mrs. Hudson's eagle-eye stare.  "Sherlock," she asked, her tone dangerously soft as she suddenly recognized the scrap of fabric Sherlock had just deposited in the pot, "are those my good flannels?"  She took another step forward, suddenly realizing why the pot in question looked vaguely familiar.  It wasn't one she used often, cooking for one or two generally didn't require the use of a large stock pot, so it normally resided in the large cabinet above her refrigerator.  But sure enough, there was the hammered-out dent in the side, caused when she had to defend herself against the brutish son of one of Sherlock's former clients.  "Sherlock?" Mrs. Hudson repeated, her tone one that would have made most grown adults cringe.  "I asked you a question."
"I know, it's nice, isn't it?"  Molly said cheerfully, apparently unaware of his reaction.  She pointed at the closest door, the one Sherlock was standing beside.  "The bedroom's through there.  The middle door is the coat closet, and the door at the back is the bathroom," she continued, indicating each door in turn.  "There are two window A/C units that Juana obviously started for you already.  Feel free to crank them down if you need.  I know Texas is a quite a bit hotter than what you're probably used to."
Sherlock gave the man a look that clearly communicated the idiocy of question.
"As I was saying, the horse was euthanized and an inquest was launched afterwards.  Melba Toastya's owner, Mr. Mark Haddon, was immediately suspected because of the insurance payout involved and Mr. Haddon's known financial difficulties.  The investigation turned up no link to criminal activity on Mr. Haddon's part, however, and he was ultimately cleared of any suspected wrongdoing."
"Except I couldn't find anything wrong with him when I examined him," John replied with a grimace as he rinsed out the sponge.  "And that still doesn't give me any insight into what this might be.  If I knew, maybe I'd have some luck with the crazy cattle calls I've been responding to.  Still, that's not a bad thought..."
Sherlock bit his bottom lip in what he knew was an enticing fashion before stepping forward into John's space.  His large hands reached out to cradle John's skull and he tipped John's head back so he could stare into his eyes.  It was an important step for building intimacy.  John smiled and made an approving noise, his own hands coming up to rest on Sherlock's waist just above Sherlock's belt.  They were shockingly warm, Sherlock noted, even through the fabric of his shirt.  What would they feel like on bare skin?  Sherlock mentally chided himself for his momentary flight of fancy and bent forward to press his lips against John's.
Sherlock pressed his lips together, his mind flashing back to the different files and spreadsheets documenting terrible wrecks he'd found on John's computer.  He'd seen pictures of gored bullfighters from Spain.  It was easy enough to extrapolate the amount of force that could be generated on an area slightly smaller than the diameter of a pound coin by a running, 1,500-pound animal.  It made him slightly sick to think of the same thing happening to John.  "Oh," was all he said aloud.
"Oh!  Yes, please," Sherlock replied, carefully enunciating his consonants to avoid lisping.  He pulled out his wallet and passed over several bills, which the waitress promptly tucked into her ample cleavage.
His patience was rewarded after almost forty minutes of work when his fingers brushed over something that was decidedly the wrong shape and texture to be a piece of manure.
Sherlock lowered the magazine and met Sterndale's eyes, allowing a faint, superior smirk to shape his lips.  "Scott," Sherlock replied, allowing his voice to drop back to its more normal register and emphasizing his consonants so his voice sounded more clipped.  He levered himself smoothly to his feet, seamlessly transitioning from the laidback, approachable slump of 'Billy Scott' to something far more aggressive.  It was easy enough to mimic the testosterone-laden posturing of men confident in their own importance.  He'd seen it displayed by countless so-called peers during his Uni days and the racing industry was no different.
Higher points were especially crucial, because points translated to prize money earnings and thereby higher standings on the circuit rankings.  Competitors were ranked according to their winnings, with the top fifteen earners in each rodeo event were invited to compete for the big prizes at the National Finals Rodeo.  He'd remembered from his earlier research that the NFR awarded prizes that could be in excess of two hundred thousand American dollars, but hadn't looked further than that.
"Is this okay?" John asked, his voice a throaty whisper.  "Do you like this?"
"Is that so?" John husked, licking his lips as his pupils dilated even further.
John blinked several times, his thin lips tightening into a grimace before he shook his head.  "It's nothing…just my sister being difficult.  As usual."
Donovan blinked, and blinked again, evidently shocked at the amount named.  "What happened?"
"Why?"
"Scoot up then; give me some room," John ordered.  He pushed Sherlock back until he was leaning against the corner of the seat and the cab, before shifting to straddle Sherlock’s lap.  The change in position pushed the bulge of John’s crotch against Sherlock's matching erection, making both men gasp at the sudden contact.
A long line of cars and trucks stretched along the curb, drivers waiting patiently and otherwise for their passengers to emerge.  As Sherlock watched, a group of teenage boys, obviously athletes of some sort if the whoops and matching jerseys were any indicator, tumbled from a set of double doors and began making their way to a mini bus.  Behind them walked two exhausted-looking adults, each pushing a baggage cart loaded with duffle bags and sports equipment.  A short distance away, a woman in some sort of military uniform was being tearfully reunited with her husband and infant daughter in an appalling display of sentiment.
Sherlock glanced over at Devil's Blaze, silently reading the stallion's mood.  "I can't do it this afternoon…" Sherlock said slowly, deliberately putting hesitance in his voice, "but perhaps later this evening?  I could meet you in town?"
The struggling colt hadn’t gotten its way in the end either.
"No," Sherlock repeated, folding his arms.  He was done cooperating with this frowning, brusque John who called him names and ignored his protests.  Where was the compassionate veterinarian that had gently wrapped his sprained wrist?
"Brilliant observation, Anderson," Sherlock huffed.  "What of it?"
"Huh." Candii looked grudgingly impressed.  "So what's that mean for my horse?" she asked, batting away a buzzing fly trying to investigate her face.
that Sherlock felt another, unexpected surge of guilty bile rise in the back of his throat at his ongoing deception.  To distract himself, he set his half-empty glass off to one side and slid forward, exchanging the armchair for the comfort of straddling John's lap.
“Where are you going?” Sherlock demanded, already pushing himself to his feet.
: "HELL YES!"
Sherlock blinked several times in rapid succession.  That was...unexpected.  Not being manhandled and forced into treatment ‘for his own good’—à la Mycroft—but receiving an apology from the individual responsible and their acknowledgement that having the upper hand in a conflict didn’t necessarily make their actions justifiable.  Mycroft always claimed that his heavy-handed actions were born out of fraternal affection and familial obligation, so what were John’s motivations?  Were they practical in nature, or another demonstration of John’s budding sentiment?
"Understood.  Goodbye John."
Molly's accent was terrible, Sherlock noted, trying not to wince as he listened to her stumble through introductions in a mixture of Spanish and English with some truly…atrocious verb tenses mixed in.  He decided not to reveal that he was fluent in Spanish.  It was amazing what pieces of information people would let slip when they thought that he couldn't understand them.  He'd solved a case involving horse sperm smuggling in the Philippines that way.  Nobody had suspected the lost tourist in the loud shirt of having an ulterior motive, let alone being fluent in Tagalog.  Sherlock smiled at the memory.  It had been an exciting case and well worth the hassle of traveling across multiple time zones.
"I didn't want to ruin the final effect beforehand with subpar garments," Sherlock snapped, abruptly frustrated with John's sulking; the entire ordeal had been undertaken for John's benefit, after all.  Sherlock ignored the insulted huff from the shopkeeper.  "Now hurry up!"
," and "
"Good girl.  Thank you Brenda," Donovan replied, her tone approving.  She locked eyes with Officer Gregory, Mr. Tregennis and Sherlock in turn.  After receiving confirmation nods from everybody, Donovan pulled the tape recorder a little closer and activated it.  "This is Detective Sally Donovan with the White-Collar Unit of the Amarillo Police Department..." Donovan began, reciting the tedious details about the date and time for the record.  "Joining me in person is Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Equestrian Expert.  Also present by video conference are Officer Gregory of the Flagstaff Arizona Police Department, Brenda Tregennis, and Mortimer Tregennis, her father.  We are meeting to discuss Brenda Tregennis's experience at the Flagstaff Equifest Saddle Series Rodeo when she was attacked and injured by her horse, Cream Soda.  Brenda," Donovan continued, directing her attention back to the teenager and ignoring the other individuals in the room, "you're a barrel racer, yes?"
, maybe he’ll take the word of a qualified
"Billy then.  Come on back; we'll get you taken care of."  Mike paused long enough to pick up the manilla folder John had filled out from the receptionist's desk, before ushering John and Sherlock through the door and down a short hallway.
"True," John acknowledged with a grimace as he tipped his head.
Sherlock was still chuckling when his phone beeped again.
John shot him another look, his expression shifting from wary to intrigued, rather than annoyed.  "Go on then," John challenged, "walk me through it?"
"That's because I'm not an amateur," Sherlock quipped, causing John to snort in rueful agreement.  It made John's nose wrinkle up in the most charming manner and his lips quirk in a way that made Sherlock want to taste them.  Sherlock paused to take a quick sip of his water to soothe his dry throat before refocusing on the case.  "To be honest, though, I'm a bit worried about Captain Lestrade's horse considering the amount of work it's taken for Devil's Blaze to at least tolerate humans again."
"Good one, Billy.  You almost had me going there for a second.  I call bullshit," John chuckled.  His laughter continued, eventually trailing off when Sherlock failed to join in.  "Jesus, you weren't kidding, were you?" John breathed, his eyes wide and horrified as he stared at Sherlock's expression.
"That's fantastic!"
"If you wouldn't mind, I'd appreciate that," Sherlock replied, pushing back his irritation and giving her a charming smile instead.  "And maybe you could also show me around if Ms. Ross doesn't?"
"No," Sherlock replied.  "I'm maybe three-fourths of the way through the bedding and I haven't found a single clipping of anything unusual.  Unless it was something that he managed to eat the entirety of.  Have any of the tests turned up anything yet?"
John pursed his lips.  "Okay...well, I'm sure you're aware of how broncos generally buck down the length of the arena and then tend to run away in a more-or-less straight line as soon as they buck a rider off?"
John clearly had no such qualms, almost scarfing his dinner with little happy huffs and hums of pleasure as he chewed.  Clearly he was used to eating on the run.  Some guacamole oozed out of the edge of the sandwich as John took another bite and Sherlock tilted his head, absurdly captivated by the small smear of pale green at the edge of John's mouth.
"What's wrong?  Where are you going?" Sherlock demanded, dropping a hanger so he could push the curtain aside enough to stick his head out.
“Well…” John drawled, leaning back and spreading his legs slightly.  “I’ll admit, that is a perfectly sound analysis…but I was hoping you’d go…
"Who's he?" Sherlock interrupted.  Mycroft's files hadn't contained any information about the man.
Oh.  So it was going to be like that, was it?
John nodded once in satisfaction.  "Okay.  Let's get you cleaned up a bit so I can see how badly you're hurt."  John accepted the bucket of water and sponge that Lestrade passed over and began sponging off the worst of the blood that streaked Scotty's legs, being careful to avoid the open wounds.  "I wish I knew what was wrong with you, boy," John murmured soothingly as he worked.  "You're usually so calm."
"He's...doing better," Sherlock began slowly as he finished folding the tarp into a compact bundle and secured it with a bungee cord.  He tipped his head to indicate the stallion on the other side of the fence.  Devil's Blaze was watching them with both visible alertness, but he was standing more or less quietly instead of running around the corral at a dead run like he would have been doing four weeks prior.  "I've successfully desensitized him to the stick and string and have started desensitizing him to me approaching him while making various noises—"
"What kinds of tests?" Donovan asked skeptically.
"Oh, there's about a dozen of us," Molly replied, once again changing lanes to pass a slower-moving vehicle.
Donovan snorted.  "Try a couple hundred thousand quid.  Beats me why he was still working for Ross.  He could have easily bought himself a nice spread somewhere and lived off his savings."
Sherlock glanced up, his eyes narrowing as he took in John's cocky smirk.  Perhaps it wouldn't be very 'Billyish,' but there was no way he could ignore the gauntlet that had just been thrown down.  "Oh, believe me, I can," Sherlock drawled. He set the cue ball down and sent it careening into John's careful arrangement.  The balls bounced off the bumpers and each other until they finally stopped moving.  Sherlock turned and raised an eyebrow in silent challenge.  A challenge that John met with an almost vulpine grin.
"Hmmmm," Sherlock replied, following Old Wayne up the steps of the porch and through the door the older man courteously held open for him, before following him to the staff dining room.  They paused at the door.  The old man tilted his head at Molly's seated form and winked, before giving Sherlock a hearty clap on the shoulder and striding away.
"Unfortunately yes," John replied.  "Normally I wouldn't do this, but until we know what we're dealing with, I don't want to take any chances of him getting loose or attacking somebody."
Sherlock snorted.  "For trail rides and amateur divisions perhaps, but not much else.  The average age of a serious competitor's horse is somewhere between four and fourteen years old.  By contrast, Cream Soda was closer to twenty-three, perhaps twenty-five, judging from the Galvayne's groove on her upper corner incisors, the roughly eighty degree angle on her incisors and the white hairs present on her muzzle.  She really should have been retired.  I've looked at the event records.  Over the past year, your daughter's best competition times have increased by several tenths of a second or—in in some cases, several seconds—leading her to place fourth, sometimes even fifth in divisions that she previously might have won if she'd managed to achieve the same speeds from three years ago.  The difference is not enough to be an appreciable handicap in amateur or local barrel-racing competitions—"
"I do."
"Right rear pocket."
“Nothing so…business-minded,” Harry replied, hooking his umbrella over his arm as he reached up to adjust his glasses.  He gave the younger man an affectionate smile.  “This is rather more personal in nature.  I noticed the other night when you showered at my house that you have the most appalling taste in undergarments.  We’re going to remedy that situation.”
"He gets fed a ration of hay grass and a handful of whole oats daily.  When we're training for competition, he gets some alfalfa and sweet feed mixed in with his usual ration."
"Okay.  It took some digging, but I found the pair I was thinking of," the shopkeeper announced cheerfully as he approached, effectively distracting Sherlock from his thoughts.  "Here," he offered, holding his prize out.  "Try these on.  I think these'll be exactly what you're looking for."
“You are incorrigible,” Sherlock mock-scolded.
"Nah.  Not really."
"Trust me, brother dear," Mycroft replied, reaching up to rub gently over an eyebrow with his left index finger.  "I am about as comfortable being in your…abode as you are in my being here."  Mycroft's gaze played over the space's ugly wallpaper, the odd empty take-away container and generally cluttered surroundings filled with the trappings of Sherlock's occupation.  Mycroft's gaze lingered on the large buffalo skull mounted on the wall between the windows, one horn adored with a jaunty, pink riding helmet, the other with an old and well-worn whip, before returning to rest on Sherlock.  "If this were a typical situation," the elder man continued, "I would gladly refer the individual in question to Ms. Adler and let her deal with it, since, as you so aptly observed, Ms. Adler quite enjoys dealing with misbehaving animals…and their owners.  Unfortunately, the circumstances are otherwise and Ms. Adler would be a…poor fit, both for this particular client and for this particular situation."
Sherlock's eyes fell shut again, all coherent thought obliterated by the overwhelming pleasure of John's mouth.  This was…indescribably better than what he remembered experiencing with Victor and he felt another piece of his carefully constructed facade crack free.  There was none of Victor's hesitance or barely-hidden repulsion for performing fellatio.  Instead, John—to use a local colloquialism because nothing else seemed appropriate—completely went to town on Sherlock's cock.  He licked and sucked and hummed with audible appreciation, seemingly content to stay where he was for the foreseeable future.
"You are going to give your dentist an early retirement at this rate," John pointed out with a chuckle as he led Sherlock past several parked emergency vehicles and a row of portable toilets, the sickly-sweet chemical miasma of artificial piña colada rapidly giving way to the mingling odours of grease, manure, dust, hot metal and fuel exhaust.  "Not to mention the way you'll be bouncing off the walls later if you eat that much sugar," John continued, chucking shoulders with Sherlock.
"Are you writing to politicians again, Kate?  Mike's wife is never happier than when she has somebody she can eviscerate for being an idiot," John explained the aside to Sherlock, his blue eyes still sparkling in amusement.
Barefoot, Sherlock proceeded to explore the small space that would be his home for the foreseeable future.
"Seems a shame, considering how clever you are."  John licked his lips again, giving Sherlock another sideways look.  "So...was that who was texting you, then?  Another client?"
"Could you respond verbally, please for the recorder?" Donovan asked.
"Oh," John said, licking his lips.  "Well...in that case, sure."
"But the timing—"
"Stop it," Sherlock said firmly as he made deliberate eye contact with the stallion, mimicking the way an older mare might watch a misbehaving yearling.  Devil's Blaze snorted again and lowered his head.  His ears went flat as he pawed at the ground with his right front foreleg in an unmistakable warning.
"Oh trust me, I'm not.  I find both adorable and incredibly sexy."
Narrowing his eyes, Sherlock focused his attention in the grounds upwind of the pens.  Looking downwind was a waste of time; scent wasn't carried that way.  There was a great deal of activity, but nothing stood out as immediately suspicious.
"Good.  Then lean back," John ordered, pulling Sherlock’s hat off and guiding him backwards until he was being supported by an unpleasantly cold, painted, cinder-block wall.  Sherlock shivered.  That movement, tiny as it was, apparently served as some sort of impetus for John, because a moment later, Sherlock felt deft fingers begin plucking at the buttons of his leather waistcoat.
"But, but how can you
The table's surface, though clean, was marred with stains and knife marks, Sherlock observed as he brought his plate of toast and coffee over and pulled one of the stools tucked under the edge free with the toe of a boot.  His eyes flicked up, automatically calculating the hanging height of the wrought iron pot rack against the observed arm length and height of the cook.  Between the cook's grudging acceptance of their invasion and the low-hanging cookware, it was evident that the table was used primarily for food preparation, rather than eating, Sherlock observed, taking a deliberate sip of his coffee.  Behind them, the cook continued to work, popping the casserole dishes into the industrial-sized fridge, wiping down counters and, Sherlock noted, keeping a sharp ear perked for their conversation.
It wasn't a bad argument, Sherlock grudgingly acknowledged, his nose wrinkling.  It was clear that Donovan had some skill at soothing ruffled feathers.  In addition to apologizing unnecessarily, Donovan was appealing to Brenda's sentiment, sense of duty and desire to see her horse's death avenged.  The emphasis on the word 'if' grated, however.  Of course he was right.  Based on the evidence thus far, Devil's Blaze and Cream Soda both having been drugged by some sort of hitherto unknown compound that made them incredibly aggressive was the only explanation that made sense.  The trick was discovering 'how,' 'with what,' and more importantly, 'who'.
"I don't follow."
"I'm fine, and yes, please," John said, giving her a smile that was more wan than flirtatious.
"It's fine.  I was just dealing with an annoying...insect," Sherlock grumbled.  "So, does Tuesday work?"
John turned an impressive shade of pink and coughed once in what was likely acute embarrassment.  "It's her, uh...nickname.  Like 'Three-Circuits Watson'?"  Sherlock blinked, still not comprehending.  Seeing it, John licked his lips once before adding, "the 'O' ah...stands for orgasm...and keep in mind this is my younger sister you're asking about before you ask for more details."
John had shed the uniform of practical black polo, cowboy hat and somewhat faded and baggy blue jeans he'd been wearing all weekend.  He'd exchanged them for a tight, dark blue tee-shirt that precisely matched the colour of his eyes and a pair of fitted black jeans.  The tee-shirt did an even better job accentuating the muscles of his chest and biceps than the polo had, Sherlock thought dazedly, while the way the jeans cupped him just so and hugged the muscles of John's legs and hips left very little to the imagination.  The dark fabric created a monochromatic colour scheme that drew attention to the polished gold and silver buckle John wore on his belt and the matching shades of gold and silver in his hair.  John had also added a bit of product to his hair since Sherlock had last seen him.  He'd swept his fringe back and slightly to one side.  The changed style highlighted the breadth of his forehead, making his face appear longer and his eyes stand out as being absurdly blue.
Sherlock pursed his lips.  "I'll certainly investigate Blaze's incapacitation with that in mind.  Email me a list with the names you suspect.  Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to see Devil's Blaze myself."
John snorted.  "It sure as hell will be if the sedatives wear off suddenly," he pointed out as he opened the toolbox and pulled out two fresh pairs of gloves, one of which he passed over to Sherlock.
The clothing he'd packed had been chosen to mimic what the other ranch hands would likely be wearing.  It wouldn't do to stand out as anything other than a skilled horseman, though he had made sure to pack two bespoke suits on the off chance he needed to intimidate somebody.  After a moment's consideration, Sherlock selected a sage green and brown plaid shirt that would blend in with the landscape, making it easier for him to watch people unobserved.  "And coffee," Sherlock continued, shrugging the garment on and buttoning it without bothering to put vest on underneath.  "Black, two sugars."
“Sherlock?” John asked, pausing in the threshold at the sight of the figure snarling at his laptop.  He'd spent the last forty-eight hours at the hospital, comforting a weeping Clare, and it didn't look like the dark-haired man had moved in the entire time John'd been gone.  He was still wearing his pajamas and the only evidence that the detective had eaten or drunk anything during that time were the half-filled cups of tea sitting on the coffee table beside him.  “What’re  you working on?  A new case?”
Buck Dodgers.  Dial-a-Ride.  Pecka Dirt.  U Next.  Sherlock could barely keep track of the horse names as rider after rider slammed into the ground.  Some managed to qualify before being bucked off.  Others went arse over tit almost as soon as their horse cleared the gate.  One rider almost landed upside down on her head, prompting horrified gasps from the crowd.  Another proved the wisdom of wearing boots that were slightly too-large.  When he reached for the pickup men, the rider’s left boot got hung-up in the stirrup  The crowd laughed as the bare-footed cowboy hopped across the arena to reclaim his footwear from where it had finally landed.
"I’ll admit, I’m surprised they aren’t mandated, the way they are in racing or dressage events." Sherlock managed to keep his tone light as statistics for the possibility of serious injury, or worse, flashed through his mind, but it was a struggle.
"Sometimes, when he needed another set of hands, that is.  I'd occasionally be called on to help him stitch a wound when one of the yearlings got too rowdy, draw blood, swab out a mouth abscess, that sort of thing."
"Floozies?" John choked.
"It's fine," Sherlock snapped, not wanting to be reminded of John Watson's previous conquests.  He finished drying his face and used the remaining napkins to blot up some of the beer that had spilled.
Sherlock stared down at the screen of his phone, trying to decide how to respond.  Arthur and Harry might be playing a disgustingly-sentimental game over the outcomes of each ride, but he was still shaken by the rider’s near miss.  A horse’s kick could exert anywhere from zero to two thousand pounds of pressure per square inch—easily enough to fracture a human skull.  As much as he wanted to type “WEAR A HELMET, YOU IDIOT!” he didn’t want to risk throwing John out of whatever competition mindset he’d put himself in.
"My...who?" Sherlock asked inanely, distracted from his analysis of John's right hand.  The vet had broken his pinky at some point and it hadn't quite healed properly, giving the digit an interesting bend near the base.
Though balance was slated heavily towards male competitors, several women were present.  The females ranged from girls who looked young enough to be Year 12 students, to at least one senior citizen.  The men, by contrast, appeared to be somewhere between their early twenties and mid thirties.  Since several of them were shirtless and/or had their jeans rolled up, it was easy to see that they possessed the same overall toned physique as John: rock-solid core muscles, strong legs, and muscular arms.
"He's still contained but Lestrade's worried they may have to shoot him if he breaks out of the stall," Sherlock relayed.  "Multiple leg injuries reported."
Traveling on the rodeo circuit was expensive, but for some competitors, it was how they earned their livelihood.  A rider's best hope of winning was to be paired with an exciting, aggressive horse and hope that the cumulative score was the highest in the division.  Since horses were randomly assigned, riders ran the risk of drawing an animal that would not perform well.  It was possible for competitors to pay a fee and be assigned a different horse, but it wasn't an option popular with the stock contractors because it reflected poorly on them.
Coughing slightly to clear his throat, Sherlock removed his hat and draped it over his upraised knee, before ruffling both hands through his curls, sending them into a fetching disarray.  He was careful to leave one stray curl dangling over his right eye, knowing that many women found tousled hair sexually appealing.  Satisfied with his appearance, Sherlock cleared his throat a second time, causing Molly's gaze to flick over towards him.
She took them with a puzzled expression.  "What are these?"
John immediately turned his attention away from Sherlock to flash the horsewoman a charming grin.  "Just giving Billy here a hand.  The vaccinations for the colts are all done and I was heading back to my truck when I got sidetracked by watching Billy work with Devil's Blaze."  John tilted his head to indicate Sherlock with a nod.  "I recognized him and didn't figure he should be lifting heavy water buckets with an injured wrist, so I offered to help."
"It's a date then," John said with a wink as they approached the ticket booth, clearly following Sherlock's thought process.  "Howdy," John said, greeting the curvy young woman behind the glass with an easy smile.  "Two adults please?" John added, holding up two fingers by way of emphasis.
And his normally carefully-calibrated thought process went hazy, overwhelmed by the pleasurable sensory input.
"Well all I can say is I'm glad," John replied, drying his hands off.  He tucked his thumbs into his belt and gave Sherlock an appraising look, blinking in obvious appreciation.  "You look...good."
"Good."  Sherlock heard the huff of suppressed smugness in John's tone.  "That's very good," John continued, his voice going even huskier as he leaned over Sherlock and braced his arms on either side of Sherlock's torso.  His hands sank into the mattress, bringing him even closer.  The pose also allowed the neck of John's shirt to gape just a bit, offering a tantalizing glimpse of John's clavicle and the shadowed vee of his pecs.  "I have to say, I like having you here, in my bed."
Sherlock hissed at the stinging in his fingers, but resisted the urge to suck on them to lessen the pain.  Donovan's response seemed oddly out of proportion for his transgression.  Intrigued, he tilted his head and pursed his lips, deducing the detective for a moment before launching into his observations.  "Based on your response earlier, you've experienced quite a bit of casual sexism and racism from your colleagues in the form of gendered expectations and gender-based demands," Sherlock announced.  "During the course of your career, you've encountered multiple instances of male coworkers, specifically older males, expecting you to fetch coffee, take notes and perform other menial office chores because you are female, despite your senior rank and case closure rate.  In spite of your mother's influence, you adhered to such expectations in the early days of your career, hoping to avoid conflict, which had a negative impact on your advancement prospects.  Nowadays, you are hyper-aware of any individual making sexist demands upon you in a workplace and respond forcefully because allowing such sexism to pass unchallenged undermines not only your perceived competence and thus your future career prospects, but the potential of any other female officers."
"Not according to my landlady—I mean housekeeper," Sherlock quipped absentmindedly as he turned to study his arse in the glass again.  The black leather would almost certainly be hot considering the blazing sun outside, but there was no denying how...nicely it accentuated his form.  There was a reason why leather garments were such a popular choice among so many different groups, after all.
"Yep.  Large and small animal vets are as common as cornbread.  Finding a good large animal sports medicine vet is a whole 'nother story, especially one that focuses on equine sports medicine."
"Miss Tregennis, do you have any final details you'd like to add to the record?"
"Heh," John husked, lowering his head again.  "As you wish."
The lobby's decor was heavily influenced by the geography of the region.  There were large pots filled with succulents scattered throughout the room.  Sage-coloured walls were hung with several sets of mounted bull horns, (some measuring six feet or more, and decorated with elaborately-tooled leatherette centers), and a multitude of framed photographs.  Most of the pictures featured bulls in various contorted poses: bucking with their hindquarters almost vertical to the ground, twisting, or leaping in midair, with their powerful bodies outlined by clouds of dust and, in some cases, the flying rider's body, but a handful of other pictures depicted a bearded Doctor Sterndale.  He was smiling and shaking hands with various men dressed in the incongruous combination of expensive suits and cowboy hats—almost certainly prominent individuals amongst the rodeo profession if the outfits and backgrounds were any indicator, Sherlock deduced absently as he leaned forward to better study the smiling faces.  Several matted and framed thank-you letters also hung on the walls.  Sherlock recognized several of the names and businesses as belonging to stock contractors that supplied some of the bigger rodeo events—names he'd encountered during his research.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sniffed.  "John, you've seen the types of horses I work with.  A sedated police horse of a breed that is renowned for their docility is hardly a threat."
"Well then," Mike began, a smile hovering around his lips, "we'll need an x-ray first.  My machine's digital so I don't have to worry about the price or time involved in traditional films.  Billy, if you'd care to follow me?"
Sherlock nodded in agreement.  Though the rider had managed to tuck his head at the last second, thereby landing on his upper shoulders instead of his neck, he’d still hit the bars on his way down.  His landing produced a plume of dust as his body struck the ground.  The bulldogger lay there for a long moment, both hands pressed to his face, before sitting up and waving away the offer of assistance from one of the medics that had run over when he didn’t immediately start moving.  He wondered if the sight made John apprehensive at all.
"Oh?  What do you mean?" Sherlock queried, aware that John's eyes were boring into his skull.  The repeated incidences of Sterndale touching his mouth with his hand and the lengthy pauses between speaking statistically indicated the creation of less-than-truthful statements.
"I used to use Doc Carthew, that was who Daddy used, but he died of a heart attack some years ago.  A shame, really; he was a good vet."
"Oh, sorry.  A cherry limeade," Sherlock replied, translating the slang.  "Since it seems unlikely that Arizona would offer 'Moose Drool' or 'Scape Goat' on tap.  They're beers," Sherlock explained, correctly interpreting Molly's confused expression.
"Yes."
“But over the last few years, it seems that the rankest bulls are actively out to kill anybody who aims to ride them.”  John's lips thinned even more.  "And it's not just me that's noticed it; I asked around the Texas and Turquoise circuits and a couple of vets and more than a few riders and bullfighters reported the same thing.  Riders are getting killed.  That's why I've been studying different reports about bovine attacks.  I have a theory that it might be some new, mutated form of Bovine spongiform encephalopathy since aggression and hyper-responsiveness to certain stimuli are among the known symptoms.  I've even created a few spreadsheets trying to track everything."
With a private sigh of relief, Sherlock let his gaze wander back over the fairgrounds.  Alice and Edith were still giggling quietly together—no doubt still discussing the vagaries of different sexual partners.  Sherlock spared a moment for a private sneer before turning his attention to the different herds of horses milling about in the paddocks around him.  Alice's assertions of stir-crazy horses aside, Edith's comments and his own observations made it clear (to him at least, even if not to anybody else) that the Triple C's horses were acting more skittish than usual.  None of the animals were taking advantage of the hay or water that Cole and Molly had placed in the pen earlier.  Instead, the entire herd was picking their way around the pen, heads up and ears pricked forward, nervously scanning for whatever threat they sensed.
"Steer decorating and goat dressing?" Sherlock interrupted, one eyebrow doing its best to crawl off of his forehead.  "What the hell are those?!"  Although he knew full well what pole bending and trick roping were, there had been no mention of the latter two competitions in the extensive research he'd done about rodeos prior to leaving England.
"Normally I would," Sherlock admitted, taking another step forward as the queue finally began to advance.  "But Ms. Ross wanted me to help keep an eye on the bucking strings she brought to compete."
"You're a popular man," Sherlock observed through gritted teeth as he watched the arse-slapper engage in a mock wrestling match with another man a few yards away.  "I take it you've attended this rodeo before?" he asked, forcing himself to use a more normal tone.
"She never would have got so far if it hadn't been for my contributions," Sherlock huffed, reaching back to grab his tuxedo jacket and shrugging the garment on over his tailored shirt.
"But surely your services won't be needed today?"
"Well, calling a man a liar is a bit harsh," John replied with an uncomfortable shrug as he hurried to catch up with Sherlock's long, ground-eating strides. "It could just be a case of him making a mistake, though in light of what I saw on his desk, it's pretty obvious he probably shouldn't be practicing medicine anymore."
"Yes?"
how his rambling explanation about prophylactics was affecting the other man.
holding a grudge; Donovan wouldn't have bothered saying anything otherwise.  He thumbed the buttons of his suit jacket open before seating himself and opening the top folder and the documents contained therein.
"You're blushing."
Sherlock sighed his approval as John's tousled blond head began to inch its way down his torso, tracing leisurely paths of sensation across Sherlock's bare skin with his lips and tongue like a man on a mission...or maybe a gourmand at a buffet.  Methodical.  Deliberate.  Seductive.  Arousing.
Molly glanced over her shoulder, looking east to where the deep black of the star-studded Texas sky was starting to give way to the creeping indigo and pink shades of the morning's false dawn.  Swallowing hard, she tapped on the door again, slightly louder this time.  "It's almost four-thirty a.m.," she continued, her tone anxious. "You're…um late…The boss wants to get Blaze and the rest of the stock loaded up and back to the ranch before six because there's a storm on the way.  She sent me over here to find you, since you weren't at the stock trailers…"
Satisfied that Sterndale would be occupied for several moments longer, Sherlock crossed the room.  From the corner of his eye, he saw John hurriedly pick up a small orange cylindrical container with a white lid that was half-hidden by a picture frame.  As Sherlock watched, John read the label, frowned at an oblivious Sterndale's back before placing the container back exactly where he'd found it.  John's lips moved, reflecting the silent chain of thoughts no doubt running through his mind.
"She's the wife of a peer, Sherlock," Mycroft snapped at Sherlock's less-than-polite response. "Show a little respect!"
Sherlock moaned as he parted his lips and John took full advantage of the motion to plunder Sherlock's mouth with his tongue.  It was hot and wet and languid and
John responded like a racehorse at the crack of the starter's pistol.
Brenda drew a deep breath, likely to steady herself.  "It was after our division was done," she began in a low, halting voice.  "Like I said, I was really upset, because we'd trained hard beforehand and we hadn't even placed third.  Daddy said to put Cream Soda up and he'd buy me a fried ice cream as a consolation prize."
"It was something green," Sherlock insisted, waving one hand as if he could pluck the thought from thin air. "But the specifics escape me."
There were twenty of them, mingling together in a temporary paddock.  The majority of them were sleeping, their gleaming dun brown, black and grey grullo coats bunched tightly together for comfort, as much as for protection.  Hearing her approach, one of the horses, a beautiful red sorrel mare wandered over, nickering softly as she crossed to where Molly stood, balanced on the rails of the temporary pen.
"Several hundred?  Not several thousand?" Sherlock latched onto the discrepancy.
"Ooooh, this is going to be hard," Molly said suddenly, her voice sounding torn.  "They've got funnel cakes
Sherlock thought petulantly.  He would have enjoyed observing the effects of his screeching bow on the table of drunken idiots next to him.  It was the least he could do, considering they'd been assaulting his eardrums with increasingly vulgar chants for the past two hours.
"What did they
Sherlock watched Baz's departing back.  He knew his lips had twisted into a character-breaking snarl, but he couldn't help it.  Baz Moran's entire demeanor offended him.  He recognized that his own ire was nothing compared to the seething man beside him, though.  The set lines and narrowed eyes of John's face reminded Sherlock of nothing so much as the omnionus, poised stillness just before a horse charged.  "What was that all about?" Sherlock asked abruptly, hoping to avert the pending explosion.
"Apprehensive...nervous," Sherlock eventually replied.
"Good.  Follow it.  That means no lifting, pulling, or carrying anything heavy with your right arm for the next four weeks, and especially no strenuous or repetitive activity with your right hand for the next forty-eight hours."  To Sherlock's private, horrified embarrassment, there was a faint, but unmistakable twinkle in Mike's eye.  Behind him, John Watson made a muffled, choking sound.  "Ice your wrist for twenty minutes every hour for the rest of the evening," Mike continued cheerfully, ignoring the glare John sent him, "and wear the splint for a week—though you can take it off to shower—and as much as possible, keep your wrist elevated.  Next Saturday, you can switch to just the elastic bandage for support and wear that for another full week.  I recommend purchasing yourself either a brace, or taping your wrist for protection for the next three to six months since you're working with horses.  I'm also going to give you a printout of some gentle stretches I want you to start doing once you get the bandages off."
Sherlock sighed as he tucked his mobile away, grateful that Donovan could handle the busywork.  He could always call on Anthea for assistance if Donovan's efforts proved futile.  As much as he despised his transport's need to sleep, his work with Devil's Blaze would begin in earnest tomorrow and he needed to be well rested.  Especially in light of Molly’s offhand-comment that John Watson might not be quite as innocent as he appeared.
Pointedly ignoring Sherlock's growl of frustration, Lestrade chivvied the consultant into the back of his patrol car.  "I'm not handcuffing you as a courtesy, even though it goes against all regulations," he warned Sherlock.  "Don't do anything stupid.  I mean it," he snapped in response to Sherlock's sneer, before shutting the door and climbing into the driver's seat.
Realizing that Molly was still eyeing him with decided skepticism, Sherlock forced himself back into his role as 'Billy'.  It wouldn't do to blow his cover through a show of careless temper.  He dropped his chin and began scuffing the toe of his right boot in the dry dirt.  It was a gesture designed to make him look appealingly young.  "Momma taught me that looks weren't the important thing, what was inside and what somebody could do was what mattered," Sherlock mumbled, deliberately shooting Molly a bashful look from under his lashes.  It was technically true.  Granted, his mother had been referring to equine pedigrees and conformation, rather than humans, but Molly didn't need to know that.
"Nonsense."
"I am not," Edith grumbled.  She bent down and braced her hands on her bent knees, stretching out some of the muscles in her back.  "Ow.  Whoever I hook up with tonight better be as good at back rubs as givin' me a ride."  Edith straightened up with an audible 'pop' and twisted from side to side in an attempt to work the kinks out of her back.  "As it is, I'm gonna have trouble walkin' tomorrow," she complained.
The inside of the cafe was likewise a mixture of period styles.  The concrete floor had been stained a dark walnut brown.  Some walls were bare tan brick; others were sheathed in plaster painted the colour of perfectly done toast.  The Queen Victoria style tin-paneled ceiling had been left intact and given a fresh coat of cream paint.  Artwork in a variety of styles and mediums and styles hung on the walls, offering splash of colours: crimson, turquoise, aubergine and moss to the otherwise monochromatic colour palette.  The mismatched furniture spanned several decades and clearly second hand, but it was also clean and in fairly good repair.  There was an upholstered floral chair that reminded Sherlock of the one Mrs. Hudson kept in the foyer of 221, and an overstuffed monstrosity from the 1970s that was clearly a favored seat, if the wear on the velvet cushions was any indicator.  Two large wooden bookcases stood against one wall, both filled with a motley assortment of paperbacks.  The titles ranged from instructional manuals on keeping bees to treatises on civil disobedience to romance novels.  There were also a few heavily battered cardboard boxes containing chess sets and a few other board games.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow.  "Over anything in particular?"
"Is that too tight?" John asked, glancing up and seeing Sherlock's expression.
you got hurt, it was a matter of
"Jesus Christ, Billy!" John exclaimed, yanking his hat off to fist his fingers in his sweat-soaked hair.  "Why do you have to be so—you know what?  Fine.  Fine.  Pass out for all I care.  Though how such an alleged genius can be so fucking stupid—"
“How so?” Sherlock asked interestedly.  He had no idea who Chris LeDoux was, but John had been notably recalcitrant about discussing his childhood.  Perhaps he could finally get some answers to his un-asked questions.
"Do you...think it could be important?"
After a brief hesitation, John sat down on the other end, canting his body slightly so he was facing Sherlock, rather than the front of the room.  He made to hand the clipboard to Sherlock, but Sherlock shook his head.
having his hair played with, or even touched without warning.  His scalp was extremely sensitive; it was borderline painful.  He'd encountered multiple idiots over the years who operated under the mistaken impression that curly hair was meant to be pulled—that hair-pulling was somehow fun, or funny, or sexy—regardless of the preferences of the owner.
"Three reasons," John explained, slowing his stride so Sherlock could catch up.  "First," he said, counting on his fingers, "it's free.  Second, it'll be quieter and a bit more private, which is something valuable when you're sleeping in the back.  Third, it's real easy to use the backroads to get back on the highway.  I
"Food," John snapped, pausing in his steps but not turning around.  "I need something to eat.  I'll be back in a bit."
"Gorgeous," John breathed, licking his lips, his eyes crinkling in approval as he stared down at the strip of skin bared by Sherlock's unbuttoned shirt.  "I can't wait to see what else you're hiding under here," John added, reaching a hand down and cupping Sherlock's groin.
“Did all of the cattle have red eyes?” Sherlock asked, trying not to wince at the sound of John’s two-fingered pecking at the keyboard.  Had nobody taught the man to touch type as a child?
"Thanks," Brenda whispered, scrubbing the back of one hand over her eyes.  "Do you think it will help?"
"Right, well...now that you've got some of the basic steps, you can start throwing some body movements in, move your arms a bit.  The 'Bronco Twist' is a good one," John said, demonstrating.  "And you can always do a hip roll, or hip bump, maybe slap your thigh on beat with the music, like this," John continued, slapping his hand against his left thigh with an audible crack as the music crescendoed.
John shifted the position of Sherlock’s left arm, which he had draped over his neck and shoulder, and tightened his grip around Sherlock’s waist as he continued half-dragging, half-carrying the taller man to the locker rooms.  The non-public section of the arena was a warren of hallways but John navigated them with an ease born of familiarity.
Sherlock continued to study the boots, turning them over and around so he could study them from every angle, the motions calling up the terminology he’d memorized for the case.  Lucchese was a quality brand, renowned for their items being individually handmade by skilled craftsmen and their durability. The single row of stitching on the boot’s welt and the small, square, toe were designed to easily slide in and out of a stirrup, while the leather sole’s full welt would allow the boot to lay flat on the stirrup while riding.  The spur ledge showed clear signs of use, as did the reinforced heel, but the minimal amount of dirt ingrained in the decorative stitching on the shaft showed that the boots were regularly brushed clean after wearing.  Based on the style, the boots were at least fifteen years old, if not more.  The fact that the leather was still supple and showed no sign of dry rot spoke volumes about John being somebody who took excellent care of his equipment.
"I'm fine."
“Like what?  Kobe beef  and Macallan Whiskey?”  Eggsy leered.  “You gonna buy me a pair of silk knickers then, Harry?”
"Go on."
"I know we had lunch silly!" Molly mock-scolded.  "But that's not the point!  Half the fun of exploring a rodeo is eating treats that would make you sick to your stomach if you ate them every day.  Come on.  Have some fun.  You can't be a real cowboy if your stomach can't handle fried corn on the cob or fried diamondback rattlesnake!"
Sherlock rolled his eyes.  "How is he?" Sherlock demanded with no preamble.  Small talk was tedious.  He ignored the glare Donovan shot him.
"No.  It was just straight alfalfa."
"Oh, yes.  Doctor Früh mentioned you were coming by.  I'll have one of the techs take you back," the receptionist replied, picking up her phone and placing a page.
"You're welcome," John replied with an easy grin, giving Sherlock a companionable bump with his shoulder before politely unlocking the passenger-side door so Sherlock could climb in first.
The footage was old, and rather grainy, but it was still clear enough to make out a teenage John Watson on horseback, riding out of the chute in pursuit of a steer and immediately losing his hat.  When John’s horse pulled up level with the steer, John reached across his horse and looped his left elbow under one horn.  He grabbed the steer’s right horn in his other hand and let the steer finish pulling him from his horse.  Except, instead of stopping when John dug his heels into the ground to serve as a brake, the steer kept running.  John was dragged along, resembling nothing so much as a water skier being pulled along in a boat’s wake, except that his heels were sending up clouds of dust instead of water.  To give John credit, he tried several times to regain his footing and replant himself, but the steer’s mass and momentum was simply overwhelming for a youth who likely weighed little more than two conventional bales of hay.
"Because it's a tradeoff," John said offhandedly as he began wrapping his left wrist.
Candii Ross's opinion of his intelligence notwithstanding, Sherlock took his investigations seriously.  He'd researched the history of rodeos at the same time he was busy memorizing the terminology his character would need.  Much of the slang cowboys used was bizarre, making it incomprehensible to outsiders.  The American practice of referring to castrated male bovines as 'doggies' was just one example.  The knowledge would be useful in the short term, but he was looking forward to deleting the entire mass from his mind palace once the case was concluded.  He was also quite aware that rodeos had developed an international following: humans were obsessed with finding ways to entertain themselves.  The fact that specially-themed Country Western pubs, complete with functional mechanical bull riding machines, even existed in the UK was ample evidence of the rodeo's popularity.
Dull.
A few moments his phone beeped with a response.
Mindful of the day's heat, Sherlock plunged his left hand into the water to check the temperature.  It was tepid, rather than cold.  Satisfied with the temperature, Sherlock opened the blue liter of Gatorade Ms. Ross had supplied him with and upended it into the bucket.  The Gatorade contained valuable electrolytes, something the exhausted stallion would need.  He reached down to pick up the bucket, but a sun-browned hand seized the handle first.
Simpson shrugged.  "My buddy Joe borrowed a pair of my good gloves the night before he was killed and didn't return them.  I need 'em back.  I was wonderin' if I could stop by and get 'em from his camper?"
"Thus far, tests have failed to reveal the presence of morphine or other opiates that might cause him to act out," Sherlock reported grudgingly.  "I also visually examined the straw in his stall and the hay in his manger.  There was no obvious sign of yew, locoweed or morphine in his feed...but that doesn't mean that there isn't something there to find.  I
if you ever fall in love with an actual human being.  He'll have you wrapped around his finger so fast you'll think you were in a round baler!"
There was at least one advantage to Texas, Sherlock mused as he finished smoothing product into his hair to make his curls lie smoothly instead of exploding into a mess of frizz: low humidity meant that his ridiculously thick hair dried faster.  He opted for a pair of shark-grey silk boxer briefs and a snugly-fitting pair of faded denim jeans, but dithered when faced with the row of shirts in his closet.  The pink and purple shirt he'd worn the last time he and John had gone a date had been chosen to project an air of fragile innocence in keeping with his persona of a shy virgin.  Tonight's plan was a bit more...
"And how did that go?" Candii asked dryly as she stood back up, her fingers still toying idly with Bonnie's ears.  She tipped her head to indicate the visibly-exhausted stallion.  "He looked like he was working ya pretty hard from what I could see."
Sherlock grunted as the impact of John’s chest against his own slammed his back against the alley wall.  He could feel the trapped heat of the day radiating from the rough bricks at his back, their warmth seeping through the thin cotton of his shirt.  The thump of drums and the over-amplified twang of the band’s steel-string guitars were still audible through the bar’s wall; the spillover providing enough noise to cover their heated gasps and muttered curses as hands groped and lips and tongues tangled in a heated dance…
"I don't know
Sherlock blinked. "That would actually be…surprisingly helpful," Sherlock told her.
"Stop it, just stop right there," John interrupted, jabbing an angry finger in Sherlock's direction.  "I don't
"That I do, young man, that I do."  Old Wayne gave him a scrutinizing look.  "You interested in working one?"
"It's fine," Sherlock replied, straightening back up, and walking back to where Molly was watching him anxiously.  The lab was more primitive than he'd care for, but with the equipment he'd packed, it would allow him to perform at least a few tests until he somehow secured access to a proper lab.  "Who all has access to this space?"
will be lookin' for a new job."
"Why?" Sherlock asked, nonplussed, thinking of the training facilities and arenas back home.  "Surely there are shower facilities here?"
Sherlock opened his mouth, preparing to ask John if finances were an issue, but shut it as he abruptly recalled John’s reaction to Sherlock paying for their tickets.  Money had proven to be a touchy subject for John Watson, so pressing him on the topic likely wouldn’t result in anything useful.  Best to come at the matter from an angle.
Sherlock blew out a frustrated breath and rested his forehead on the fabric still covering John’s crotch.  “Do you have any?  And gloves as well, for that matter?”
my mum and I do care about her.  I don't want her to be sad or afraid.  I still don't want to talk to her yet, but a text doesn’t seem right,” James concluded.  He continued to stare down at his lap as he worried at his bottom lip.  Eventually James looked up with a pleading look on his face.  “I’m...stuck, and I don’t know what to do.  You're my dads.  Help me?”
Mycroft closed his eyes, lips pursed as he obviously reached for the dregs of his patience.  "Brother dear," the auburn-haired man said slowly.  "If you could bring yourself to act as the professional that I know you are, I do have a rather urgent that needs to be investigated that requires your rather…singular expertise."
"Told you," the salesmen drawled smugly.
John led them to an even more secluded corner, far enough away from the bar that they didn't have to worry about the crush of other patrons.  "They give free lessons every week at six," John began, "but you'll catch on almost immediately, considering how good you are at observing people and deducing what they're about to do next."  He gave Sherlock an encouraging look.
"What?" Sherlock rasped, grateful for the concealing edge of the table.
"Sometimes, yeah.  Bull riding's the better-funded sport, ergo the bulls get the better accommodations and venues."
Sherlock froze, feeling something in his chest crack at John's simple, heartfelt words.  This was far,
"No; they're not," John piped up from behind them.
"Yeah...I kind of figured as much," John replied gently, his expression rueful.  "You're spookier than a long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs."
"No, no and you're looking at them," Lestrade snapped.
Sherlock blew a long breath out through his nose.  He'd have to spend some time in the next few days investigating Kitty Riley's website on the chance that she was somehow involved.  If he could track down where she got her photographs, it might provide insight into Blaze's current condition.  Tapping his index fingers against his lips, he shifted his focus from Devil Blaze's owner to the horse itself.  He would know more once he'd had a chance to observe Devil's Blaze closely for an extended length of time, but so far, nothing on the ranch indicated that any of the animals received anything less than exceptional care.
"Wha?" Sherlock asked, fully aware of how inane he sounded.  Clearly heightened arousal had a stupefying effect on his mind's abilities.
"There you go," Sherlock observed softly.  "Now breathe."  He looked at the stallion with a rueful smile.  "Are you finally starting to accept, somewhere, deep in your paraventricular thalamus that I am not a threat and that I am not here to hurt you, boy?"
*waves* Hello lovely readers.  This work has NOT been abandoned, updates are simply slower than they once were.  The reason is because I've lost approx. 25-30 hours a week of writing/editing/research time since becoming a foster parent.  If you are so inclined, please send sleepy vibes to the kiddo since any and all writing takes place after kiddo's down for the count. ;)
"Bushwhacker's unpredictable," Baz explained, shrugging a shoulder.  "Even he doesn't know what he's gonna do until the chute opens.  Judges like that.  Yellow Face flat out bucks like he's the Hulk, or maybe Deadpool—pissed off at everything and spoiling for a fight.  It makes for a
"Really?  So you've been to Africa, then?"  Sherlock asked, as if he didn't already didn't know.
As promised, John was in one of the barns petting Toby.  Molly was thankfully absent.  She was intelligent enough to notice if Sherlock responded to John's attempts at flirtation and he still needed to use her blatant attraction to him and his pretense of reciprocal interest to further his own research.
"Fine," John huffed, exasperation evident in his tone.  "Lane Frost was a pro bull rider during the seventies and eighties.  A lot of people idolized him.  He was the 1987 world champion, after all.  His death was kind of a freak accident.  He'd just finished a successful ride on Taking Care of Business at the Cheyenne Frontier Days Rodeo when the bull charged and got him in the back with one of his horns—this was before riders started wearing padded vests, by the way.  The impact broke several of Lane's ribs, one of which severed his abdominal aorta.  He collapsed and died right there in the arena."
Sherlock blinked in surprise; John's reaction was unexpected.  He turned to give the vet a puzzled look.  "Do you think so?"
"What was that?"  Sterndale asked, picking up his mug and crossing the room to where Sherlock was standing.
The drive to the clinic was relatively quick.  Sherlock distracted himself from Donovan's dull driving by pulling up the PRESS website on his phone and clicking through the different photographs.  They were all taken from outside, showing the milling crowd, the panicked horse and the efforts of John Watson and others to load Scotty into the trailer.  Unfortunately, the resolution of the tiny screen made it difficult to parse the images.  He would have to study them in more detail on his computer.  There was a faint chance that he might be able to discern something useful.
"Okay," John said, the relief in his voice evident.  "We can do as much—or as little—as you want, at whatever pace you feel comfortable with.  And for the record, there is
Sherlock sniffed and folded his arms, looking away.  It was only partially a ploy.
John blinked and licked his lips in puzzled reflex at the non sequitur.  “Belt buckles?”  Shifting slightly in his chair, John peered over Sherlock’s shoulder to see what the other man was staring at.  “What...you...want to know what they stand for?” the vet asked, taking another swig of his beer.
Research (and personal experience) taught that there were a variety of ways drugs or other chemical substance might respond to a test, depending on the solvent used for deliquescence and the degree of heat applied.  Some reactions were caustic, even flammable—a reminder that Mycroft periodically brought up, (usually in Mrs. Hudson's presence)—much to Sherlock's chagrin.
John raised an eyebrow.  "I'm sure you know just as well as I do that horses have dichromatic vision.  Their color perception isn't really that great, so I'm not sure if the color green is that significant.  Maybe it's the hat?  Maybe the shape is some sort of...I dunno...behavioral trigger?"  John's tone was doubtful, as if he didn't quite believe his own suggestion.
John simply smirked and reached up, grabbing the waistband of Sherlock's jeans and the elastic of his pants.  His hands felt scorchingly hot against Sherlock's sensitized skin.  "Right then.  Shut up and lift," John ordered, waiting for Sherlock to brace himself before beginning to tug at the fabric.
The person in front of them finished paying and John stepped forward, already smiling at the woman behind the counter.  "Hey Martina!  Looking gorgeous, as always," John greeted her cheerfully, ignoring the fact that the employee's name tag read 'Hot Stuff: Super Barista!'"
Ablutions complete, Sherlock straightened up and studied his reflection critically in the large mirror above the sink.  If he was going to effectively seduce John Watson, he couldn't afford to look slovenly.  He spent several long minutes fiddling with his hair, fluffing his fringe and trying to contain the worst of the flyways with water.  He spent several more smoothing his shirt down to minimize the creases and carefully re-rolling the cuffs of his sleeves.  After a few moments of private deliberation, Sherlock carefully repositioned his hat, tilting the brim down slightly.  It was sexier that way.  When he was satisfied that his appearance would pass muster, Sherlock turned and exited the loo, taking extra care with where he placed his feet to avoid staggering.
"Don't be tedious, John," Sherlock snapped, opening three umbrellas in quick succession and laying them out on the floor.  "You're a vet.  Surely you've handled equine and bovine peninses before.  Not to mention that as a practicing vet, you've almost certainly inserted your hand up a cow's vagin—"
Sherlock swallowed again and pressed his lips together, summoning courage, before raising his chin to Donovan's bitter gaze straight-on.  "I...am...sorry," Sherlock said awkwardly, unused to legitimate apologies.  "What I implied was...uncalled for.  Forgive me."
"John?" Sherlock eventually asked, deliberately making his voice sound sleep-fogged.
"You're welcome," John replied, giving Sherlock's arm a friendly squeeze before releasing it and tucking his hands back into his pockets.
"No," Sherlock said abruptly.  "Whatever happened, you are a child, Brenda.  And as I already previously stated, nothing you've described should have resulted in Cream Soda's actions.  The fact that somebody decided to spread their propaganda by uploading damning videos, bullying a traumatized girl and spreading libel does not make you complicit in Cream Soda's death."  He refrained from mentioning that Brenda had almost certainly contributed to the situation by not leaving her already-spooky horse alone.  It wouldn't change anything since the horse was dead and the probability of the event being repeated with the same parties was so low, it was laughable.
"I'm aware that you're something of a ladies' man, John," Sherlock said sharply—perhaps more sharply than he intended—"but as I've mentioned previously, women really aren't my area.  Yes, Molly was showing me around the rodeo, and yes, we've shared several meals, but let me make it perfectly clear: I have absolutely zero romantic interest in Molly Hooper."  Beyond the necessity of feigning attraction to her for the sake of the Work, of course, but John didn't need to know that.
“You realize it’s a good thing we’re in our flat, yeah?” John grumbled as he passed the bottle over, removing the cap for hygiene’s sake.  “I don’t know how many health codes you’re violating right now.”
Abruptly, Sherlock pulled back.  What was
From time to time, John would pull back so just the head of Sherlock's cock was held between his lips.  He alternated between swirling his tongue around the tip like he was sucking on an ice lolly or something else equally delicious and cupping his tongue around the underside to massage the seam and Sherlock's frenulum.  Every time he did, John made sure to catch Sherlock's eyes before diving back in to suck with gratifying eagerness.  The motions of his tongue and lips only grew more enthusiastic the louder Sherlock bucked and swore.
, Sherlock automatically translated, "—Doc Watson recommended against it.  It's too difficult to judge the dose of a sedative like Ace when given orally.  Each horse will react differently, depending on how much they eat, or if they eat it on an empty stomach.  I'm not willing to risk a penile prolapse in one of my prize studs, or a low hematocrit."
"As quickly as possible.  My assistant has taken the liberty of securing you a flight and arranging rooming accommodations," Mycroft replied as he pushed himself to his feet.  He pulled his mobile from his trouser pocket and pressed a key.  "The itinerary should be in your inbox.  I do recommend looking at it sooner rather than later."
"That too," Edith answered, shrugging one shoulder half-heartedly.  "Plus he had a knack for picking sleepers.  I asked him about it once.  He said that he used to herd cattle as a child back in South Africa.  Said it gave him a sixth sense about being able to tell when an animal was about to go rogue.  It sounded like a bunch of cacky to me, but I can't deny that he apparently won a lot of money.  Not that he ever seemed to spend it, unless it was on dates."
"I am going to pretend that I didn't hear that," Donovan muttered.  "Speaking of contacts, though—" she paused and quickly logged into her email account.  "—Sergeant Iminathi Naidoo—" Donovan said, pronouncing the name carefully, "—with the South African Police Service sent me some files about that Melba Toastya case you mentioned previously."
"Okay…?" John replied, the question obvious in his tone.  He followed Sherlock back out to the paddock and watched with a bemused expression on his face as Sherlock began examining the bottom rail of the fence and the grass just outside of the paddock with his sliding magnifier.
With a chuckle and one last clap on John’s shoulder, Stamford left.
He pushed the brim of his hat up so he could better see John's face, took another hasty gulp of his beer and tried again.  "John!  Sorry...I...wasn't expecting to see you here," Sherlock stammered.  "I would have thought you would still be at work.  Why are you here?"  He could make an educated guess, based on John's raiment, but that didn't explain why John had deliberately sought Sherlock out in a room full of scantily-clad women.
all the time from drying sweat, mosquito bites, and the bites of the horrible, native Trombiculidae mites known colloquially as 'chiggers'.  The sopping button-down was tossed over a low-hanging branch to dry, leaving him in his white vest which had likewise gone transparent.  At least the evaporation of moisture from the surface of his skin was having a marginally-cooling effect, Sherlock noted as he wiped away the drops of sweat beading his forehead with the back of one of his wrists before they could trickle down into his eyes and make them sting.
When John finally,
Sherlock ran his tongue over his teeth, privately appreciating the way the worn fabric of John's jeans stretched over the man's undeniably excellent arse as John pulled the rack back to its final position and lifted it away.  Almost meditatively, Sherlock began tracing his fingers over the pool cue he held in his right hand.  The size and heft and smooth slickness of the stick in his palm invoked the association of something else...especially when combined with the visual of John bending over the pool table.  It was hard to accurately estimate the size of John's penis without a visual, but the press of John's erection through two layers of denim had certainly been promising...John was certainly the right height to...
"I see."
There was a slightly awkward silence.  Sherlock wondered if he should lean in and kiss John instead.  The opportunity vanished though, as John yawned and flopped back on his back.  A faint green glow from John's watch briefly illuminated the vet's face as he checked the time.
Watching humans pit their skills against animals had always been a popular form of entertainment.  Interest in the competitions spread beyond small groups of ranch employees and soon rodeos were being held on a regular basis all over the country.  The growing popularity of the sport brought with it the inevitable commercialization, with producers organizing and advertising regular events and charging admission and entry fees.  Standardized rules were developed.  Gone was the earlier practice of successive cowboys and cowgirls riding a random bucking animal until it was exhausted.  Instead, bucking competitions became eight-second rides (six for International Gay Rodeo Association-sponsored events) on specially-bred and trained animals.  Animal welfare rules were instigated.  Sexism determined which genders were allowed to compete in which events (a practice that was now being challenged, as gay rodeos demonstrated).  The amount of prize money awarded grew as rodeos added sponsors, which had the effect of attracting more competitors.  The chance to earn a month’s or more wages for a few seconds of work was a powerful lure and some rodeos drew hundreds of entrants.  It also resulted in the dual challenge of guaranteeing audience interest while simultaneously managing such large numbers of competitors.
Brenda nodded.  "Yeah.  A bunch of us were talking about who we thought would win the Shamrock Showdown Super Show—Alexandra McClintock and her horse Empress or Stephanie Harrington and Sphinx—when a user I'd never seen before named EquineadvoKat butted in and ruined everything with their lies—"
in your mouth..."
John pursed his lips consideringly as he looked Sherlock up and down.  "Ah...that explains it...I should have seen it from the start, what with your hair and cheekbones, your preference for the night—not surprising considering how easily you burn.  The way you flip your jacket collar up should have clued me in from the first."
There was also the possibility that Kitty Riley or one of her ilk could be behind Ms. Ross's sudden misfortune.  Deliberately injuring an animal would go against their mantra of respecting the value of animal lives, but there was logic in sacrificing one animal to serve the needs of the many.  Sherlock tapped his fingers against his lips, eyes narrowed in thought as he pursued the tangential line of reasoning.  He was quite aware of why many animal rights activists maintained their allegations that rodeos were inherently cruel to animals.  The very nature of the sport was rough: lassos, sudden stops, animals being thrown to the ground, noise, and the deep-set revulsion of animals being used for entertainment or profit.
"There was no way barbiturates were going to work, so I shot it in the head to end its suffering as fast as possible.  Unfortunately, somebody recorded it on their cell phone...and then Riley got her hands on it, which is probably the reason I got doxxed.  The threats to report me for animal abuse and murder have tapered off in the last few months, but I sure as hell haven't forgotten."
This violin had been very, very loved indeed.
"It's fine," Sherlock replied with the automatic politeness of his role, while his eyes scanned the space before him.
"River?" Sherlock interrupted, surprised as he looked around at the arid landscape.
An unleashed small dog had escaped from his owner's arms and was nipping at a gelding's heels, oblivious to the fact that a single blow from the gelding's hooves would be fatal.  The gelding was struggling to rear, while the horse's handler desperately tried to control him by pulling down on the lead rope attached to his halter.  The dog's owner, meanwhile, was yelling and waving her arms at the dog in an ineffective effort to make her pet stop barking and to return—actions that were almost certainly adding to the horse's fear.
strange, you report it to me, you understand?"
"Impressive, was what I was going to say," Sherlock corrected, being careful to suppress the first part of the word, rather than articulate it fully.  He returned her wry smile and ran a hand through his curls, fluffing them slightly.  "Is the fence like this all the way around?" Sherlock asked, his sharp eyes noting the hidden cameras mounted on the archway.  He wouldn't be surprised if there were hidden cameras mounted along the fence pillars as well.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow, wordlessly communicating to the teenager that she should continue explaining.
Mrs. Porter shook her head.  "Not during the day.  I like being able to get into it easily for my tools and tack."
"Yeah?  What did you think?"
"No.  More specifically, would he be the type to strike an animal without provocation?"
Donovan looked down at the notes she'd been taking, her lips moving as she silently read.  "So," Donovan began, looking up to meet Brenda's eyes, "to summarize: there was nothing immediately unusual in Cream Soda's behavior prior to the attack, an unknown individual helped you put Cream Soda back in her stall, and you don't recall her eating anything unusual.  You've tentatively identified the alleged reporter that was wandering around the fairgrounds, there may be video of the attack available online, and you received quite a bit of hate mail after the video was uploaded.  Is there anything else you'd like to add?"
"Not your mother?" Sherlock asked before he could stop himself.
"Yes.  She was a very sharp
fried eggs and toast for dinner."
"You must have spent a lot of time together, I suppose.  What with training and all that."
"How well I do tonight, my job and...some other stuff."  John’s tone did not invite further questions.
"What?  No.  I'm breaking the rules as it is, by discussing this with you in general terms," Donovan snapped, her expression visibly angry.  She set her full cup down with slightly more force than was strictly necessary; a small splash of liquid sloshed out and ran down the side, pooling on the desk.  "If you think I'm going to let you look at confidential police files—"
Sherlock shrugged minutely, conceding Donovan's point.  Bodyguards-nee-valets weren't mentioned, but Anthea would probably prefer it that way.  She thrived on being inconspicuous, except when Mycroft needed to play her to play an empty-headed secretary as a distraction.  Sherlock looked at the paper cup, fighting the urge to sulk.  The coffee looked (and smelled) even more tempting now that he'd been denied.  He could detect the enticing smoky, caramel notes of an expertly produced Maillard reaction—one that was thankfully free of the contaminating, milky odour of artificial creamer or milk.  Unfortunately, was clear that Donovan wasn't simply going to give it to him, but perhaps…  He reached down and picked up the oversized box of pastries he'd purchased purely as a cover and then abandoned on the floor.  "Trade?" he asked, giving her his most winning smile, the one that Mrs. Hudson had once described as his 'used car man' face.
"I'll...keep that in mind.  Thank you."
Stamford’s tone was so deadpan that it took Sherlock and John both a moment to recognize what he was implying.  When they did, their reactions were simultaneous.
Light came from the room's two windows and a Spanish-style wrought iron chandelier.  An antique, Tiffany-style stained glass floor lamp and a matching desk lamp were also present.  The walls were panelled in a dark golden pine and surmounted with a ceiling painted a light turquoise, rather than the expected cream or boring white.  Paintings of improbably-coloured horses and deer decorated the walls.
"I'm afraid I've…had a bit of an accident.  No, no…nothing that bad. I just slipped and hurt my wrist…and broke my phone.  No, I can wait.  If the pain gets too bad, I'll just call a cab."  Sherlock made a subtle show of awkwardly pulling out his wallet and checking the bills folded within.  Three tenners, a score and a handful of single notes.  Except they were American currency, not pounds, so three tens, a twenty dollar bill and five ones, not counting the two fifty dollar bills he had tucked into the sole of his left sock.  Plenty to hire a cab if his ploy didn't work.  Assuming one would even take him.  "I think I have enough to get to a clinic and back—"
