“What a surprise, seeing as I have the flu,” Dean says sarcastically. “Look, I’ll be ok. I just need a cold towel or something.” Cas nods and hurries out of the bedroom, towards the bathroom. He soaks a washcloth in cold water, folds in up and returns to Dean, pulling several layers off his lover and placing the cold press against his forehead.
She raises a perfectly shaped eyebrow. “Oh? So he’s Castiel’s brother?”
“I would never…!” But then Cas stops when he sees the glint and Dean’s smirk and knows that Dean is playing with him again.
But if the other person doesn’t reciprocate the interest, it causes problems. The instigator feels rejected and unwanted. The other may feel guilt over causing such feelings. In some cases, the affiliation may never be repaired, their former relationship in tatters, separated by this chasm in feelings.
“Cas…” Sam sighs. It’s weird to think that Cas can even get jealous but then again it’s not like he’s a regular angel. Besides, he doesn’t want Cas to be jealous. He loves Cas, he does and he loves that Cas makes his brother happy. So he wants Cas to be happy too.
Cas’ reply is to shut the door behind Sam.
But from then on he became more and more aware of this body. Gradually falling, losing his powers, and being submitted to Famine’s effects. As his Grace faded he realised that the inevitable was coming: this body would soon be his. Jimmy was gone. He’d have nowhere to go. He’d be Earthbound, like Anna. Although she had made her choice.
“You said you’d never cuddled so…” Sam gestures at the sleeping Dean who is drooling a little bit. Ew. Castiel follows his line of sight and his expression is a little bit heart-breaking.
“And he can’t hit on Sam!” Dean continues, gesturing with a bag-laden hand. “At all! It makes Sam uncomfortable and I don’t like it! No one gets to make googly eyes at my baby brother!”
"Damn it." Dean mutters, closing the cell claiming no signal.
" Dean mutters in wonder, and it makes him squint.
trenchcoat-tanned best friends?
"And," Dean taps her shoulder. "You might be needing this."
"You went in anyway." Dean realizes, nodding. It tracked that he'd be the self-sacrificing kind of guy, because he was nothing if not consistent about his type.
He reaches out his hand and respect flows through them as they shake a goodbye.
He hadn't even noticed his brother arrive. "Nothing. Still no signal." Taking the bag, he heads inside and starts stirring up their two tin meal as Sam settles, holding a scrawled address. "Get lucky?"
Cas turns back to him and they halt. After what happened, neither of them are fond of farewells anymore.
"Cas," He starts and the brightest gaze turns to him. "You uh, plan on trimming that hedge anytime soon?" He asks, skimming his knuckle over the black whiskers growing thick on Cas' face.
"I think we got what we came for." He grins at the low impressed whistle. "What can I say, we work fast."
"Let me get you a refill." Gunner says, picking up his husbands' wine glass before pointing directly at Dean. "You mind helping carry in some coffees?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dude, you're taken." His teenage brother had taught him the basic respect of not double timing, but now he breaks off the tip of his pie and hums like - "Don't block me out! I'm serious, why didn't you tell her about Cas?"
Dean glances to him, thumbing the matches. "Sometimes parents need secrets man, things the kid can't know to protect them."
"Don't be a smug dick about it, alright." He grumbles, blowing smoke to block himself from view. It's a whole different beast, knowing his wayward wish that Cas loved him was real. That he tore a tearful confession out of them both, only to ditch him at the altar, the dramatic idiot.
Dean swats his leg. "Hey, look alive fighter." A printed pamphlet of one
Dean’s head throbs in frustration.  "She couldn't hold it?”
Illuminated, blood dripping off his neck, his brother digs the heel of his hand into his clenched eyes. His shadow shakes under the lone light, looming expansively as he hunches over with a guttural grunt of pain.
Each shattering crash that squints their eyes closed, they open brighter, the end in sight.
Sam pulls the jumper over his head, before spreading his case notes across the table. "What we know, is that three people of completely different ages, incomes and backgrounds vanished."
"Sorry to hear it, sir. Hector was a good guy."
"Who's asking?" Dean demands, barbed wire covering every syllable. The man outside launches a tirade about not meeting their payments, his brother brushing him off, fighting him on it but eventually slams the door shut in aggravation.
Dean raises his eyebrow at the phrasing, but Gunner just winks before herding the two women out the door. He lingers a little longer, waiting for car headlights to pull away from the lot before his hand thumps the table. He runs a palm over his face to hide it from surprised looks.
“Not even a quickie?” Dean wheedles, nuzzling Cas’ hair.
“I think that if Dean wants something, his being ill will not stop him,” Cas says dryly. “I think pie may be useful as a tool to keep him in bed.”
But that’s the problem, that Castiel is ‘Dean’s boy.’ Mrs Parker had been all sweetness and smiles the day they moved in to Cas, until Dean had arrived home from work, in jeans and covered in oil, looking like sex on legs, coupled with 'guy you did not want to meet in a dark alley.'
Cas sighs as the crappy motel shower putters and then finally starts a torrent of water. This is his life now. He has his lover and his friend and a human body all his own. Dean’s right: he shouldn’t worry.
Cas takes Dean by the arm and briefly considers ‘mojo-ing’ him upstairs but Dean probably won’t appreciate it while he’s feeling so unwell. Such an action might make the sick bowl necessary. So instead he tugs gently and leads the hunter upstairs slowly, pausing when Dean has a coughing fit on the landing.
“Dude, why are you watching Legally Blonde?” Dean complains, trying to untangle himself from the sheets. As always, he’s managed to completely wrap himself up in them which he blames on the childlike belief that monsters will not attack you if you keep all limbs in the bed and under the covers. It’s not like demons are going to go ‘Well, he’s surrounded by an impenetrable force field of cotton, not much I can do here’ and leaves but much like a fear of the dark it’s hard to get rid of.
Dean nods. They stand in awkward silence for a moment until Gabriel clatters through the living room to the door.
It takes another hour of the four of them, drinking coffee and lazily chatting before they start to move. Dean doesn’t even mind Gabriel lounging on the sofa next to Sam, because he’s got Cas practically in his lap, nuzzling his hair when he thinks their brothers aren’t looking.
“They don’t look much alike, do they?” Dean starts, more at the fact that they seem to be thinking the same thing than her surprising him.
“My brother is not a complete douche,” Dean mutters, finding the right key again. He doesn’t have to turn around to see that Cas is looking positively murderous.
“The shower is running,” Cas says pointedly, bending down to help Dean out of bed. He deliberately leaves the disgusting coloured blanket behind, even though Dean shivers without it.
He’s about to try to wriggle out of it somehow when he sees Cas’ face. Because Dean will gladly cut down on his alcohol intake for him, and eat the nasty green rabbit food Cas puts on his plate and even attend church on Christmas. If he can do all that for the man he loves, he can probably grow a pair and put up with Gabriel for a couple of hours.
Having a boyfriend who doesn’t sleep kind of sucks.
Dean doubts this as Gabriel is pulling faces at them. Mrs Parker has obviously noticed but accepts Castiel’s apology gracefully.
Cas hurries back up the path, looking frustrated and apologetic at the same time. Gabriel is getting out of the car, which is now parked on the street, and not looking particularly happy about it.
“Yes, but the internet says it is best to stay in bed and gets lots of rest,” Castiel says.
Cas sighs heavily from his place next to Dean, waiting not too patiently for Dean to get the damn door open. He’s holding four shopping bags and clutching a bag of toilet paper to his chest and almost but not quite scowling. If he weren’t so annoyed with Cas right now Dean might find it adorable.
When Cas asks a startled waitress “How you doin’?” Sam almost chokes on his coffee. It would sound bad from anyone but in Cas’ gravely tones it just sounds plain wrong. Dean slaps a hand over his boyfriend’s mouth, smiles at the poor girl and shoos her away. An hour later, his pancakes are soggy and Castiel still does not understand the point of pick up lines and how they differ from regular greetings. Dean stresses the point that you can’t copy lines from sitcoms and then changes his mind and tells Cas to not watch that show anymore. Cas tilts his head and says calmly “It seems to me that they were not really on a break. His actions were immature and selfish and should you ever try that, Dean, there will be repercussions.”
Gabriel turns to give him this look and suddenly Dean can see how Cas and Gabriel are related. He’s seen that look on Cas many times, and it’s truly frightening. Even on this pint-sized trickster it’s terrifying and it takes all of Dean’s manhood to stare back at him. But finally, Gabriel shrugs one shoulder.
“Yes, very,” Cas says but his words don’t match his actions, as he’s rubbing up against Dean’s hips very suggestively.
“I hope you got food, Dean, because I’ve just spent the last hour trapped in the library’s basement with some old librarian with whiskers on her whiskers and…what the hell are you doing?” Sam’s voice carries loud and clear through to the bathroom, where Cas is currently pressed against the door.
“Did not,” Dean says without missing a beat. “But if you’re really sure, I’m glad.”
“Huh?” Cas says eloquently but to be fair, Dean’s other hand has resumed it’s tentative exploration of Castiel’s behind, cupping a cheek and then ghosting down the crack. Cas quivers a little, wishing he’d press further in. Physical confirmation of Dean’s devotion right now would be lovely. Dean traces the curve all the way up to Cas’ hip and then repeats. Cas presses a little more insistently into Dean’s body so that he can feel his hardening dick and get a clue.
Sadly, this means Dean is also stuck with him so it’s kind of a shallow victory.
“What do you…? Oh,” Dean says slowly, only just remembering the erection tenting his jeans.
“Yeah, well, Dean’s not really a cuddling kind of guy. I don’t think he has ever…well, maybe when we were kids, I used to climb into bed with him when I was scared at night and…” At this, Castiel has started staring resentfully at him, practically bristling with possessiveness.
“I would never kick you,” Cas replies seriously. “I’m going to go start the shower for you. We should wash your hair.”
“But…I am sure Dean would not want to. If he were awake, I mean,” Cas says softly. His eyes are still intense but filled with sadness. Sam remembers when he used to look at Dean like that when his brother wasn’t looking before they were a couple. Apparently angels can suffer from unrequited love too.
Dean sighs and leaves the key hanging in the door and turns around. He loves Cas more than anything (well, except Sam) in the entire world. He loves how Cas will tape Dr Sexy for him without Dean even having to ask, he loves the firm press of chapped lips against his before Cas leaves for work in the morning and how when Cas falls asleep on his shoulder, the soft dark hair tickling his nostrils smells like kiwi. He loves piercing blue eyes and a tiny silver cross on a chain, a long trench coat and how Cas always knows when Dean just needs him to sit by his side in silence. Sometimes he’ll just stop and watch Cas and think ‘I am so lucky’ because this beautiful, kind, clever man chose to love him. Dean sometimes has no idea why that might be but he’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
Gabriel shrugs nonchalantly, finally finding what he’s been searching for. It’s a red lollipop.
Sparks of fury are practically radiating between the two.
It’s almost midnight when there’s a rush of wind and the ruffle of feathers and Cas appears a few inches from where Sam’s got his feet propped up on a chair. It’s all he can do to not drop the laptop out of shock.
At first he just sees himself. Jimmy’s vessel. No, himself, he corrects himself again. This is his body now. No more Jimmy. One inhabitant only, permanently renting. This is no big deal. He’s seen it before, many times. In the beginning, he never gave it much thought. It was merely a vessel. He tried to keep it clean and heal it when necessary. It required neither sleep nor nourishment so it was fairly easy to maintain. Humans have to spend so much time taking care of their bodies, washing and grooming, satisfying sexual and biological needs; the list goes on and on. He chose it because of the soul inside, the devotion and kindness of James Novak. It was a way to talk to Dean, to walk on Earth. Nothing more.
“The virus will make you dehydrated. Are you warm enough?” Dean starts to protest as Cas leans over him to press a hand against Dean’s forehead.
“You find me attractive?” Cas tries to confirm. “You will not stop wanting me close to you?”
Dean futilely runs his finger across his plate again, though he knows there’s not a scrap left. Gabriel has twisted his body to softly whisper to Sam but Dean barely notices, as he can now hear two voices by the front door: Cas’ and a very familiar, high-pitched female. Dean resists the urge to shove his desert fork into his eye.
“I am very sorry. I’ll ask him to move it right away,” Cas soothes, but as he looks back at Dean his eyes are clearly screaming for help. Dean strolls up to take his place at Cas’ side. Mrs Parker’s mouth purses slightly, which is so not fair, as Dean’s dressed nicely for once (Cas makes him when they have guests over.)
“Cas! Lay off! I can’t cool down with you smothering me!” Dean yelps and then regrets it as hurt floods Cas’ eyes. Dean immediately feels a kick of guilt. Cas is only trying to help and to be honest, Dean likes it a little. It’s been a while since he’s had anyone to fuss over him and worry about him like Cas is now.
“What now, Cas?” Sam asks wearily.
“You’re one to talk!” Mrs Parker’s mouth purses even more, while Cas is trying his best to make himself invisible. Dean realises that, unfortunately for him, he’s the only one able to sort this out.
“You’ll get used to it. This is only the first time. A year from now, when I get a cold you’ll be a pro and telling me to quit whining like Sam and Bobby do.” Dean’s eyes flutter shut so they do not see Castiel’s startled expression but he does feel the feather light caress to his cheek.
“If it makes you happy…” Dean says, and that’s all it takes for Sam’s face to light up.
“I’ll let you eat the rest of the pie in bed.” Dean nearly groans. God, he loves this man.
“Yeah, he fell asleep right after dinner. Had to remove the remote from his hand and everything.” Sam smiles a little, remembering that the snoring had started not even ten minutes after Dean had turned on an old western. When he looks up he sees Cas has that same warm little smile too as he stares at Dean but his comes from a different type of love.
“No. The chicken will burn and I still haven’t made the starter.” Cas’ tone is firm and reluctantly Dean lets go, after grabbing one last firm kiss. He knows that voice all too well and it means ‘Dean, I love you but back the fuck off.’ You don’t mess with that voice.
“Cas?” Dean croaks and then tries to clear his throat when he hears how rough he sounds. “Cas?” he tries again and when the sleep finally falls from his eyes he sees his boyfriend faintly lit by the flickering light of the crappy motel TV.
Dean is very attractive to many people. Cas has seen their eyes watch him pass, heard their lustful thoughts and been more than a little smug when Dean rejects their many advances because he has Cas.
“Of course. Sharing a bed is a crucial part of bonding in a human relationship. Even if I do not sleep that doesn’t mean you should miss out,” Castiel says primly and Dean would be fairly certain he’s still asleep if it weren’t for Reese Witherspoon in a tight pink dress. Sure, Reese by herself would be welcome to make an appearance but if this was his dream then the bug eyed dog in the sweater vest wouldn’t be in the picture.
As he’d suspected, Cas is calming down an irate Mrs Parker.
Because, unlike Dean, he liked long-term, serious relationships. Admittedly he hadn’t really been able to hold one since Jessica, but when you moved around and killed supernatural things for a living it was a little harder. And he did miss Jess but he also missed going to bed together and curling up on the sofa to watch sappy movies together and even tiny little things like when Jessica had made him coffee without him even asking and delivered it to him while he was studying with a sweet kiss.
“My apologies, Sam,” Cas starts and then adopts a confused look when Sam shushes him. “I do not understand. Why are you making that noise? Where is Dean?” Sam stabs a finger at the bed and Dean’s curled up form and Cas’s face twists in understanding.
“I’m gonna change, ok?” he says quietly and goes to get his sleep clothes out of his bag. He’s in the bathroom doorway when Castiel says his name again.
Dean is passed out in one of the Queen sized beds and snuffling quietly. Sam looks over every once in a while over the top of his laptop and as long as he can tell that Dean is sleeping and nightmare-free, all is right with the world.
“Dean, I know Gabriel has his quirks and can sometimes be…an acquired taste but he is my brother and I love him very much. He is the only family I have left.” Dean wilts a little. He hates that Cas has so little family when he has parents and uncles and cousins and all Cas has by way of relatives is some arrogant shorty who swans into town, insults Dean, eats all their food and leaves again. Dean makes sure that Cas is invited to every Winchester function and feels as much a part of the family as Bobby or Jo or Christian. But sometimes it’s not enough. Dean knows that the way Cas lights up when he sees Gabriel is the same as when Dean sees Sam.
“Because I think that you love Cas as much as I love Sam. And that’s something I get,” Dean says quietly. “Plus, it’s good to know you were being a dick for a reason.”
He notices Sam and Gabriel leaning towards each other in their seats, faces a few mere breadths apart but he ignores it and put the plates down in front of them with unnecessary force.
“Goodbye, Sam. Goodbye, Gabriel. Maybe we should wait a few months before we do this again,” Cas says, so matter-of-factly Dean nearly laughs out loud. Apparently, these things are more stressful than Cas would ever let on.
“Ok, get up. Take your shoes off. The coat too,” Sam instructs and when Cas gives him an odd look and doesn’t move Sam takes to manhandling him (and silently praying he doesn’t get smited for this or beaten up by Dean. Dean is seriously possessive over Cas.)
“Cas is the only family I have. Cas has you and all of your family but I don’t. He’s all I’ve got,” Gabriel says, a little bit fiercely. Dean nods. He thinks he can understand loneliness
“It can wait,” Cas says firmly and, with Sam’s earlier words in mind, sets about making sure that Dean will not want to leave the bed for the next two hours at least.
“No, not about the soup. I’ll get Dean chicken noodle. But I thought we agreed you shouldn’t look things up on the internet anymore? Remember?”
“Yeah, well, if you’re that set on Sam you’ll get invited to all the family things,” Dean warns. “Our dad likes talking about car engines and gets annoyed if you don’t know what he’s talking about. And my cousin’s kind of a douche. Oh, and sometimes Ash will vanish after a few beers and turn up the next morning, naked on the pool table.”
So Cas has found ways to spend his time while Dean dreams away the night. Dean doesn’t mind this so much as it means he can sleep uninterrupted without Cas bumbling around the motel room and knocking things over with his trench coat but sometimes there’s this ache as he settles down to go to sleep and there’s no kiss from Cas goodnight. He wishes sometimes that Cas did sleep, just so they could be like a normal couple. Dean would rather kiss Ruby’s extra fried crispy corpse than confess this to anyone but he sort of wants to wake up and see Cas half asleep, with his hair in disarray, wrapped in Dean’s arms.
“Cas, what have I said about the internet?” Sam asks sternly. Cas blinks his big baby blues and, as usual, misunderstands him.
Sam removes his feet and then kicks the chair towards the angel a little. “Sit down as you’re here. Are you coming in the car with us tomorrow or do you want to…”
“But Dean, I do not sleep and you are tired. You need the proper amount of REM sleep or you won’t be able to function properly.” Dean almost groans. It’s too late for this. Having a boyfriend who doesn’t sleep sucks.
“And pie,” Cas adds, following Sam out of the kitchen to the living room.
“Hell yes. And if Sam weren’t due back to the room sometime this evening, I’d prove how sexy I think you are,” Dean promises with a leer. Castiel sighs happily, as Dean’s body contradicts his words and grinds back eagerly against Castiel.
The rest of his facial features seem pleasing also. His hair is a mess but an interesting colour and Dean seems to like it. When they sit together, in diners or bars, Dean will lay an arm on the back of the chair and touch his fingertips to the hair at the base of Castiel’s neck and play with it while he holds a beverage in the other hand. He likes it even more when they are kissing, carding his fingers through it, as if to keep a possessive hold of the former angel.
“You are too warm,” Cas frowns. “Your body temperature is at least 37.8°C.”
The rest of dinner passes fairly normally after that. Gabriel threatens to bring out baby photos which he does every time he visits (and as much as Dean hates envying something Gabriel has, he really, really want to see those photos.) Cas cuts Dean the largest slice of pie and licks whipped cream off his finger in the sexiest way imaginable.
“She said goodbye to you,” Cas says, in disbelief. “She said goodbye to you, nicely.”
“That’ll be Gabriel then,” Dean mutters wearily. Gabriel’s red convertible is an outrageous colour, very fast and highly impractical. It is parked horrendously, right in front of Mrs Parker’s drive and her – ugh – hybrid.
Cas pants a little. The heat is spreading already. Dean is not even here and he’s so aroused. He’s still naked and suddenly startlingly aware of it. He casts his gaze down to the part of his body that is of most interest to Dean.
It’s not much…but it’s a start.
“Shoes!” Sam insists, yanking the trench coat and suit jacket off of Cas and throwing it over a chair. Still looking completely baffled, Cas removes his shoes. Sam studies him for a moment and then reaches forward.
“I don’t make googly eyes at you,” Dean protests, in a manly, not at all pathetic way.
Gabriel grins. “My kind of guy. Look, I really do like Sam. I’d like him better if he weren’t related to you, of course…”
“How so?”
There’s silence for a moment before Gabriel shrugs and says “I think he’s going to give Sam ‘the talk.’”
“Woah, Cas. Have a fight with the shower nozzle or something?” he asks, clearly delighted at the water soaking every inch of the angel. Castiel sheds his coat and jacket and firmly rolls up his shirt sleeves, ignoring the fact that the white cotton is soaked through and is clinging to his body very provocatively. This fact does not escape Dean who is eyeing him with some interest. It amazes Cas that very few things can hinder Dean’s sex drive.
“It was very educational,” Cas says with a straight face. Unfortunately, Sam knew that it had been. He’d found the empty caramel tubs in the trash the next day.
You’re stuck with me, asshat.
“What the? FUCK, GET OFF HIM!” Dean shrieks loud enough for Mrs Parker next door to immediately appear at the window and Cas to rush out from the kitchen.
“Very admirable,” she says suddenly, eyes set on the brothers at the end of the drive.
But then again, Dean hasn’t proved him wrong yet. Damn sexy holy tax accountant.
Castiel is standing there in socks looking a little bit bemused. It occurs to Sam that this is the first time he’s seen Cas like this before. Of course, Dean has seen him in much less clothing but that doesn’t need thinking about. No, this will do and Cas doesn’t sleep anyway.
It’s late one night in April, somewhere in Utah, when Dean wakes up suddenly. He panics momentarily before he realises that it’s not due to a supernatural intruder, although there is a girl somewhere shrieking very loudly and shrilly. He blinks hard and then rubs his eyes. Struggling to sit up, he dimly registers that the voice is both not real and yet strangely familiar.
"Here." Sam offers out the soap from his pocket.
Pieces of a melody, pitch changing with a heaving human chest. He moves quicker through the mud, torch flicking to the end of the trail and he stares in disbelief.
"Fine." Dean says, pen looping over the page.
"Aldana Rivera." She introduces, gloved grip firm as they shake.
"Smartass." He mutters, hooking a hand under Cas' arm to pull him towards the bathroom. It's not huge but there's space for his angel to curiously peer over his shoulder, as he unpacks the kit.
Deans' eye twitches against the slur, knowing Gunner didn't deserve that - but even that was too much. Dad had a true talent of seeing him when he wanted to be invisible.
+: as i'm hesitant to post this, id really love to ask that if you enjoy any part of these stories (or have feedback!) to please comment, it's a writers gold and we treasure them <33
Alright, nothing freaky going on. He convinces himself, letting go of the mossy handrail and stepping off the last step into the sinking mud. It's impossible not to make noise, but he tries, following the trail carefully around the shelves.
They shrug off their jackets, throwing both onto one bed and reprimanding Miracle for chewing the sleeves. The room fills with the hymn of fridges, lights flickering from glimmers of grace, the clink of bottles and delicate shake of dogtags.
"Sorry about that. They were excited to meet you." Eileen says, waiting at the bottom of the stairs with a grin, one Sam matches before catching her lips in a greeting kiss. "They weren't the only ones." She spares a small wave to Dean, that he tiredly returns a moment too late.
Deaths, disappearances, discussed in the drivers seat.
Exhaling, he chucks his bag onto the map-table where it crumples stretches of paper and skitters pencils to the floor. Were they doing arts and crafts in here or some shit? Whatever, he'll pick it up in a minute. After he rests his eyes.
Dad slams the Impala door shut, heavily gripping the wheel. They sit silently as the car rocks still, not a word spoken as the engine turns over.
"Very long." Cas rumbles, reminiscent of that waterfall and he floats on the rapids of his tone. "Fourteen days worth." Yeah, he hears that, whistling sympathetically and shifts when his gaze darts down to pursed lips. Picture-perfect, his head unhelpfully replays Eileen reaching up to greet his brother with a kiss, knuckles turning white with tension.
"I'm never going to need this." He sighs defeatedly to his brother, who's scooping another serving of instant mac into his bowl.
Sam gives up writing, his pen scrawling as grit rattles their tyres. They had veered off the main road when Deans' stomach started speaking, rumbling down an endless stretch of sand.
"Naturally ungifted, that's me." He grins. "Here with friends?"
This town was a tough crowd to please.
about what we do, letting them so close to Samuel. You got caught with your pants down on a hunt because your fag friend distracted you."
"They're very smart strays." Cas defends as someone taps his shoulder, he nods, using one hand to respond. He doesn't know what's being said but senses it's time to go - the mist rolling heavy and low, smoke dwindling to its' last few breaths, bolstered by the blaring horn of the Impala where Sam leans on it, irritated.
"I'm alright, Sammy, I'm fine." Dean wheezes through his teeth, wincing. "God that's a bright light, smart move."
"Mr Lassai?" Dean asks, flashing his reporters badge as a man opens the door, his gold and green satin wrap elegant over his cool umber skin. He holds a wine glass like it's supposed to be held, skimming them over shrewdly.
"The furthest hallway there's an exit door, should be a blue bucket by it. Through there is the… teachers' room." She hands him back the soap, no questions as to why he carried it around. Sam smiles his thanks, seeing her nervous fingers twist together. "Thanks again, I'll see you at lunch!"
Desperation, hopes, muffled prayers - whatever it was, moonlight juts down into the dark, the mist seeping out to merge the mass of fog from the lake. Aldana falls forward, and he pitches painfully to the side before crashing into her.
Slowly, his brother slides his phone away as any movement would draw attention. His head turns and he jolts -  the wing mirrors had the same staring white pits of eyes. "How did it find us?"
Were the vanished
She asks Eileen, who laughs and unloops her arms around her giant of a husband.
Sam swallows the roil of fear, watching a monster move his brother.
Checking the stitches one last time, he nods to the streaked reflection and turns his back on the mirror. Cold rushes up his spine, but he refuses to check, swinging the door shut.
Slides a rasp through his mouth, wrong, hissing. His energy saps away, the creature latching onto his lifesource and greedily suckling, slowing his pulse until he’s a mindless shuffling shell, deep under its' control.
The guy points behind him to a booth, where two frazzled women wave in agitation at one another. "Designated driver."
"Uh, stage fright."
He smiles at the supportive words, the concept of being missed. With some luck, this hunt wouldn't take too long. He steps outside, tucking his phone away as he reaches out an introductory hand to -
A month or two. He doesn't know if he can handle his heart being broken for the second time, in a month or two. It's near the end of the year, the spaces would be full anyway.
Dad looks at him for the first time with a clenched jaw, and he drops his eyes.
Dean nods readily, relieved his plan hadn’t been dismissed. "Don’t worry, I got a buddy inside, he can keep them in there."
"No, hey, where is Eileen?" Sam calls down to them, his own hands only raised half-heartedly.
Someone was down here.
"Home sweet home." Dean mutters sarcastically, hands raised over his head as three strangers point guns at them from the maproom floor. "Seriously, do we need name badges around here?"
Dean feels like he's in outer space, completely disconnected from how Sam nods and note-takes. Did he know? Daryn seems comforted that his husband trusted these strangers, at least he
Sam effortlessly replies, "Yeah."
"What were the houses like?" Dean wonders, thinking of the bunker and if an angel would find it comfortable.
He hadn’t even hustled as much cash as he could have, which meant Sammy wasn’t safe, because - he suffocates that thought into silence. No way he could think about him now, not under this scrutiny.
"Aldana, open it." He grunts, not knowing what would happen out there but it
Dean stops stirring. "Years? And nobody reported anything?"
"I don't think it can hurt us, not without our real names." Sam sits back as the car turns another corner, the eerie stare shuddering in frustration. He points out a split in the road, leading down towards the towns' library. "If anyone hired a monster, then it's someone living here. We've got to find out who, before they find the real us."
"Finally."
Well, he was a bunker-mooch, but given his artwork briefly stunned Cas breathless, he didn't even give the guy a hard time when he discovered dirty boots defiling his kitchen table.
"Hey," Sam taps him awake where he'd fallen asleep in shotgun, driving the last leg to their next town. "It'll just be you and Cas this evening, since Eileen got us tickets to an ASL play."
!" As he'd been turning around, the thing had spirited through the mist again and dug it's teeth into his side. Air becomes harder to catch, every move of his pulsing lungs sending pain down to where the creature digs in. "I'm not gonna be your happy meal tonight, sucker." Dean grits through his teeth, slashing the crowbar towards the molting head.
He looks down at his torch, knowing it wouldn't be enough. There had to be something in here, a room filled with old and broken stage equipment. Where did Avery say she helped Mrs Parrish pull the lights from?
Disposing the last bloody and bleached tissues, tying up the black bag, throwing it into the trash outside - Dean stops as the mounting pressure finally spills over. "Fuck." He whispers into the bins. "Fuck,
"Yeah, why would you." Dean agrees, licking his lips. Would this have been his life if he stayed in Oasis? Would he have followed into the courts, slapped down the judges' gavel and got Dad out of their lives for good? Would the monsters have left them alone, if he'd taken that step sooner?
"Nothing!" Dean slams the driver-side door in frustration. "Just like the rest of them. Nothing moved, just newspapers and bills piling up." He turns over the engine, backing out of yet another house stopped in motion. "Whoever this Wade Tarn is must be rolling in cash."
Deans' eyebrows raise incredulously. "House repairs. That's what you came up with?"
he was a stranger. Did he remember?
Wiping her hands, she extends one tensely. "Scarlet… Dunnel." She adds her last name, like it should mean something to him. He shrugs, shaking right back.
, these bites hurt like a motherfucker - he bites his lip down to redirect the pulsing pain, his forehead bunching with veins. Think, think.
"Not ringing any bells here." Dean answers distractedly, turning into the diner of the day and parking under a patch of shade.
"Your vessels never age?" He prompts, wanting to hear more.
One guy in an
believes he's home safe.
Looking like he'd been caught saying something he shouldn't, Dean hisses a match to life and drops it into the grave.
"I'm cutting down." He says before any shit can start.
"A good spell would bring her back to reality." Avery claims, swivelling into the desk. He looks a little closer at her, seeing the slope of her cheeks close to matching the one now performing on stage. "It's all so…fake." She flicks her finger across a switch, dimming the light on Scarlets' performance.
And how stupid is it - that any available space on his body was marked with protective sigils, but only when he tucks his head into Cas' neck, sways with the thud of his human heart and welcome warmth wraps around him is when he
Dean swallows back a wash of warm words, landing on, "So, everytime you had a vessel, it was a
Sam tests fading pens, while they wait in reception chairs, confused school admins hunting for their classes. When the teacher talks animatedly about their 'new student' he waves, to no one in particular. Another wash of faces for his mind to forget, footprints in the sand.
Instead of catching his own eyes in mirrored surfaces he would see milky white and pupiless, pitless black or the worst, a burning brown.
They glance at each other - there'd been no mention of
"What can we even use out of these? Hiking around in suits would look stupid." Dean dismisses the idea, giving up on the plastic cards inside. He hums in faint agreement, knowing his brother took Cas suit-shopping recently. He trusts either to be given obvious news, or Dean to reveal his complete obliviousness to his ring finger constantly being sized up.
Fragments fall like spires of silver where it's struck. Slowly, the sisters' stopping when one needs to steady herself or when the other doubles over from strained ribs, the creature crumbles.
"Age, growth, pregnancy. Any bodily function a human has would halt upon an angelic entrance." Cas leans down to throw Miracle a stick. "How an angel viewed a vessel always differed. Raphael saw them as offices, controlling them at a desk. Hannah saw them as boats, guiding them down rivers."
"Damn right you do." Gunner shakes his head in disbelief, drowning his dregs and slapping the table once as he stands. "Alright, well, I'll see you out."
" His hand shoots up to feel what are definitely scratches. Oh, he is going to feel
He blinks in the flood of sudden light, staring up at the stars with a deep pull of air. Raising the crowbar, he expects the creature to come attacking him again - but it doesn't.
They always have to go.
"No it's not." He starts, but is swept by.
Behind one of the dead bushes is a girl, scrubbing insistently at her forehead with water. Her soaked blonde bangs dribble black ink over her fingers, clearly desperate to remove the thickly marked words. It sends murky droplets landing on her fraying summer dress.
Then he laughs at the fact tonight, he'd acted like his dad and like a queer, at how he'd fucked up and combined everything his family hated into one, broken, boy.
Attached is a picture of Claire posing by a water slide, laughing together with Kaia, arms around her waist with Jody and Donna talking closely off to the side.
Gunner sighs, somehow relieved and mourning an idea.
Dean jumps when Sam grabs to pull him up, the numbed pain of his wounds smarting with movement. "You hurt?" He asks, leaning on his brother as he limps to the Impala.
"I get it."
To them it'd been just another case but to Gunner, those people helped his family out from under their mothers' control. Dean scratches his head, pushing puzzle pieces together. The only thing making sense was a vengeful ghost, chasing down the people that ruined its' life, but that couldn't be possible unless…
Dean rolls to his side, bunching his shirt over his wound as he rattles the pieces together in his head.
"This town…" He trails off, shaking his focus back to the case.
His heart stops on a fucking dime.
"That's - ha! That's brilliant." He chuckles, bringing up his last messages.
Black bitumen flies under the Impalas' wheels, weaving past vehicles down a heaving highway, travelling towards a grey hazy horizon. Paper rustles as Sam thumbs through news cuttings lodged in lore books, colliding chimes of beer bottles in their cooler and weapons thudding in their trunk.
Pleasant heat from the sun settles on his skin as they walk, wind wisping sand grains off the ground to drift along. There's something achingly familiar about this expansive desert plain, the ridge and start of shrubbery in the distance, but he can't place it.
"Put some effort in and I promise, on my ring, I'll come see it." Dean says suddenly and he stares at his brother because - wow. He meant it. Promises came a dime a dozen, but he knew this one was real.
That doesn't make sense. "Bernadette Tarn, his wife? Why wouldn't she report her own husband missing?" He asks, moving out of the way as Sam scrabbles his fingers over the keyboard to find her address.
"Just, uh. They're yelling at me about heading home." He hooks a thumb behind him where the two drunk women were now clumsily helping each other into their coats, complaining about the heat. Dean feels his evaporate.
and phone bills.
Folded suit in hands, he remained in boxers and a soft sleep shirt. With the confidence of three beers, he offers, "If you want to shave you can use my kit." Cas looks intrigued, ditching his clothes in his own canvas before unzipping Dean's. He turns the leather bag over curiously, rustling through cans and razors in the dim light. He stops drumming his fingers when Cas holds the razor upside down, knowing the damn idiot is playing him.
he hops out into the cold lashings of air, loping inside with a nod to the cashier, coasting to the urinals.
"Hey, look, the girls finally got down to that water park." He shows Cas across the table, sharing his dopey smile seeing their kid having fun splashing about. "Date with the parents there though? Sucks for them."
He screws up his eyes, collapsing back with a sob into his brothers' shoulder, hearing whispered apologies that sting like salt in a wound.
Fingers jolt out of the dark, grappling whatever they can cling onto, pulling harshly behind Dean’s knees so that he’s sliding and grabbing at the wall, trying to stop slipping away into the shadows. He fumbles his machete, twisting it so he can slice away the hold with a screech. Retched red blood covers his clothes, dripping as he darts for the next source of light.
He clasps at Gunners' neck, the finer curls of hair bristling under his touch as they buck, roll, move together. "Fuck,
Sam had already packed their bags.
"He was standing too close to you - can tell a fag from a mile away. Steer clear of them." And the anger was fading from his father and he waits. He waits. Dad rustles around the draw for a map and no way,
"It really is like
Turns out a closet left unlocked was the location. Dean perches on a spare desk, Gunner palming his thighs too close to his hidden knife - no innuendo intended. He moves those hands under his shirt instead and fizzles into the push, pull, laughs and tugs of clothes. He lets him slide off his oversized jacket to mouth down his neck, letting it crumple behind him and feeling lighter for it.
"She's pregnant, dude." Gunner huffs and two civs on the loose is the last thing they need. He exhales, slow and measured, as a howling screech stirs in the dark hallway. Gunner jolts, turning to look over his shoulder. "The hell was that -"
He races back up the stairs, straining against the door with his shoulder. "Sam!
"Sam and Eileen went on a date too." Cas says thoughtfully. Yeah, something in the air tonight. They catch eyes and oh, right. They weren't - they were just spending some time alone and sort of flirting, but what made that different from usual? If he
They follow Daryn into a cozy living room, where he curls his legs sideways on his cream couch. Shelves overflow with trophies and vine plants, the white plaster boasting faded film posters and framed family pictures.
Leaning over the papers now, his brother nods. "So, either they bolted without a trace, or something grabbed them before they could."
"John Martins, that you?" The voice bellows outside, older and rough.
"I think you're a dick for making me do all that, when you knew how." Dean starts, delighted to see a knowing smile rise on the face caught between his hands. “And,” Gently he presses his lips to a freshly shaven cheek. “I think I love you anyway."
Yeah, like that was gonna happen.
"We could get you some new duds, right, do an
He licks his lips, "Yeah."
Picking up the lighting cues from the desk, he carefully moves the paper and sees an entire sheet filled with runes. They were line for line what he'd seen in the lore,
hello! I hope you're ready for a ride :)
"What?" Dean grunts, climbing back into the car. This case was crawling like a cockroach under his collar and driving him
It caught them unprepared, barely able to see in the fog, alone and without contact. He steps harder on the gas, racing them home or even just a patch of clear air. The staring never stops. "Why hasn't it attacked yet?"
"Dean." Reproachful, but amused, just the way he likes Cas to sound. Though he could do without the crinkle cut frown of disappointment as he catches the red cigarette cinders.
Generally, he did not like to be known. He didn't like being a book to browse through. But Cas knew him cover to cover, analysed phrases he didn't understand until it made sense, kept pages free of dust.
Towering and elegant, gilded frames of gold far fancier than should be in this muddy grave - small and functional, squat with box frames, ovals and tall in various stages of accumulating dirt. Walking past them like a mirror maze, he passes one with a familiar name scratched on the wooden back -
"But, you hope
"This is him, isn't it?" Aldana steadies herself on her arms, staggering up and holding her ribs carefully, curiosity between her laboured words. "The reason you didn't want me to investigate?"
"Oh, you're kidding." Dean grins, gleeful as hell to imagine a celestial creature stuffing itself inside a kiddy castle. "Tell me it had a slide."
It's not the town after that. Dean discovers his homework stuffed in the bin, far away from his curled body on the motel bed. His brother strokes his scraggy hair, silent apology for things he can't control, sleeve drying with blood. "C'mon, dinner."
Sam sleeps poorly. At some point, his brother covered him in their stolen motel blanket and wedged his hoodie under his head. But even with that,
"Beautiful venue - is it around here?" Sam asks about a wedding picture on the shelf, investigating by sight for bags of bones or strange markings.
Even if he's a nice guy, he didn't need anyone looking too close at Sammy. "How'd you know then?"
"The early dog catches the worm." Cas says, turning to him with a proud smile. Missing the mark or not, Dean gives an impressed look. He thinks of chances and hangs his hand, brushing beside each other, walking with no real direction.
He's amused by the small extinguishers dotted around. "Accident prone?" He asks, drawing a smile out of Daryn - every expression he made only emphasised their chumpiness, struggling to sit in comfortable chairs.
His brother was nothing if not consistent, chancing his life in pursuit of the truth. "Of course you did." He mutters, shaking his head. It was the same reckless attitude he'd had as a kid, one he envied as much as he feared. Guess at this point, growing out of it wasn't an option.
Glimpses through the mist reveal the small town of
He turns to Gunner. "Hey."
"What's your name?" Dean asks for a distraction.
"Maybe the next town." Sam sweeps the pamphlet onto the floor, ignoring worried glances from his brother as he continues staring past the Impalas' roof.
Then relief pours off him in waves, flooding over to Dean who desperately doesn't look back. Just because he was here, didn't mean anyone was safe.
Dean passes the phone so he can speak to John and he delights in ending the call without a word. Guilt flickers, seeing the frustration on his brothers' face.
He blows out a tentative curl of smoke towards the screen. "Not as bad as you do."
"We're doing the lights!" Her voice fades as he skids to a stop in the dark hallway. Three bulbs flicker above him, separated by shadows. Switching on his torch, he leaves the dim doorway and uses the bright beam to bring him under the first light.
The baseball trophies, the movie posters, all of it stung like a slap to the face.
His phone skitters on the table, lighting up his homescreen of Cas - it was the dumb photo he took in Tombstone, the sky blue and endless behind his halo of a cowboy hat.
"I think you're going to get me more coffee." Dean grunts, shoving the empty into his hands. "And, I think I'm going to say goodbye to Cas."
His heads not been screwed on this hunt, how many fucking mistakes did he make? Nearly beheaded his own father, possessed by the monster, told the truth to some
"My brothers' in a club." He provides to an amused look. "Don't want to leave him cooking in there too long."
Gunners' eyes glint with upset. "Following the monsters." Nothing could've happened anyway, and it was a stupid dream to have.  He twists his machete-tip into the wall, leaving a notch. "Well… be safe out there, Winchester."
At least, that's what Dean assumes is happening.
"Take care, Dean." Drowning in the soft warning, one he'd enforce even states away, he thumbs over Cas' cheek and excuses it as flecks of ash.
“It’s because you’re good enough that I make your life hell,” Gabriel says and then rolls his eyes at Dean’s gobsmacked face.
“I think you’re good enough,” Gabriel says, and Dean gives a loud bark of laughter.
“He said he was glad to see me,” Sam mumbles.
“Well, yes. Where else do you want me to bring it up?” Gabriel actually looks confused, as if there isn’t a better place to humiliate Dean. But being discreet has never been Gabriel’s forte. Nor has social etiquette. “Besides, he never actually answered.”
“I think we’d better go, Sam,” he says, grinning. “I think our brothers would like us out of here for some alone time.” Cas immediately blushes but Dean has never been so grateful.
“Flu?” Dean asks and Cas gives him a bemused look.
“When do you plan on popping the question to Cassie here?” and Dean promptly chokes on his stupid toast points.
“That was weird…” Dean comments, after they’ve dutifully waved back and she vanishes behind the floral patterned fabric again.
“Did you want it?” Gabriel asks, fishing around in his pockets for something.
So he focuses on Cas’ delicious food and keeping a hand resting lightly on top of Cas’ warm thigh. Sometimes Cas drops a hand on top of his and rubs Dean’s knuckles with his thumb, in-between eating.
Sam is, deep down, a romantic.
“It’s fine, Cas. Really. We should leave you two alone now. Besides…” Sam says, tips of his ears burning. “Gabe and I are going out for drinks anyway.”
Which is lovely. It really is. Sam loves his brother more than anyone else in the world and than anyone that will ever exist so he’s thrilled that Dean is happy.
“Thank you, Castiel. I appreciate it. Anyway, I must take my leave. I’m afraid I’m running a little late.” Her mouth purses again, just in time for Gabriel to swish up the path and give her the stink-eye. Dean suspects that Gabriel has found his match in this tiny, proper housewife.
“Good,” Dean says blearily, a little bit stunned from getting what he wanted and how simple it was. Usually relationships aren’t this easy for him but it is Cas after all. If someone grips your soul and raises it from hell they’re going to understand you better than anyone ever could.
“Uh, no,” he says awkwardly. “But people tell me that Sam and I don’t much either. Although those two really don’t look alike. Or act alike. Or give any explanation how Cas can be related to…that.” Her coral pink shaded lips quirk up at the corners.
“Cuddle,” Castiel says gravely and Sam has to stifle a snicker because an angel just said ‘cuddle.’ Even worse, he said it as if it was the freaking commandments or something.
“Really? Dean’s ill, he’s not gonna want…” Sam paused mid-sentence, bending over to pick up his wallet and jacket.
“Yeah, well, he mixes up really disgusting cocktails and makes you try them,” Dean warns. “And he eats with his mouth open and is a sore loser at monopoly.”
“I dunno who it is,” Dean mumbles with his mouth full. Cas rolls his eyes and turns to their brothers.
“Ugh,” Dean mutters. “You sure about this, Sammy?” All eyes turn to Sam who looks a little uncomfortable at their scrutiny. But he surprises them all by reaching down and taking Gabriel’s hand.
“Why not? You’ve always made it quite clear you didn’t think I was good enough for Cas,” Dean says coldly. Because it’s true. Gabriel has many times insinuated that Castiel would be better off with someone else, someone cleaner, more successful, someone with more class.
“Tool?” Dean suggests, trying to keep his eyes open. Cas makes a vague sound of agreement before waving their joined hands at the screen.
And that day is tomorrow and they’re not worried about it. Bobby will be stunned but approve. They’ll have dinner and Cas and Dean will make Bobby as nauseated with their cute coupledom as they’ve made Sam for the past 34 days. Sam’s looking forward to it. It’s going to be strange and very unconventional but it’s going to be a day of family and that makes Sam happy.
Dean chugs his beer in an attempt to clear his throat but Cas is already talking.
“What?” Cas says in bewilderment. The surprise has banished the tears from his eyes and the pain from his throat. Dean has a little quirk to his mouth and his eyes are anything but judging. Even the hands on Cas’ arms are holding him gently, thumbs stroking back and forth reassuringly.
“That I haven’t killed Gabriel yet?” Dean quips without remembering who he’s talking to. But her mouth only twitches again before returning to its straight set line.
“Good,” Dean says with some satisfaction. “I wouldn’t let you leave me anyway. What kind of guardian angel would you be if you skipped town?” But Castiel knows that this also is in jest: Dean’s real feelings are, as always, hidden behind riddles and a joke. But after almost a year of Dean Winchester, Castiel understands what the hunter really means and loves him all the more for it.
“Soup?” Sam asks in surprise. “Why do you need soup? For Dean?” Cas nods and Sam thinks.
“You are,” Castiel insists and presses their mouths together once more, almost purring with contentment as Dean’s hands curl around his naked buttocks. Any chance of Dean stripping off his clothes and taking a tumble into bed together is swiftly ended when they hear the distinct rattle of a key in the lock. Cas has snatched up his clothes and vanished into the bathroom, before Sam has even had the chance to step into the room.
“About attraction. And humans,” Cas says hesitantly as Dean steps behind Cas and pressing in close. Cas internally breathes a sigh of relief as Dean wraps his arms around his bare torso and rests his chin in the crook of Cas’ neck and nuzzles the soft skin there. It reminds Cas each and every time that yes, falling was worth it. Anything for this man’s love is worth it.
“I’ll make up for this tonight,” Cas promises, still pressing kisses against Dean’s eager mouth. “And I will endeavour to keep him away from Sam.”
His eyes – and hands – move down again. Here is another of Dean’s favourite places on his body. He has never seen the appeal of hipbones himself but Dean finds his extraordinarily fascinating. He nibbles and licks along the dips and curves like a cat, until Cas is arching his back and begging for more attention. Dean can spend hours there alone, worshipping those insignificant juts of bone with his mouth. Sometimes Cas will be pushed down onto a mattress and his trousers tugged down just enough for Dean to have sufficient access to them. Maybe it says something for Dean’s sexual prowess, as whenever that happens, it always ends with Cas trying to push his hips up, desperate for something to grind against, for Dean’s luscious mouth to be focused elsewhere. But Dean always takes his time, dragging his tongue back and forth over the pale stretches of his skin, biting down gentle, butterfly kisses over every place he can reach.
“Heh. Guess I was thirstier than I thought,” Dean says sheepishly.
“I know we said that and fine, I get that discussing certain…topics to either me or Dean is going to be very uncomfortable –for us anyway,” Sam muttered as Cas gets embarrassed about very few things purely because he does not understand that he should be embarrassed. “But you cannot type things that like into Google!” Cas looks down at the ground, remembering, a little bit shamed about that particular incident.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel apologises. “But it is very difficult when you are so beautiful inside and out.” As always, this makes Dean flush with embarrassment
“I’m very sorry, Mrs Parker, for the trouble. I’m sure my brother is sorry too.”
“I’m sorry, excuse me. I assure you, we are not expecting company.” Cas rises from his chair and leaves the dining room.
Finally, it’s over. Still soapy, blinking water out of his eyes, Dean is lifted – lifted! – out of the shower and wrapped in towels and vigorously rubbed dry. He is hauled back to the bedroom and briskly dressed in fresh pyjamas and stuck back in bed, under a mountain of blankets. When it’s done, Dean grasps the hideous yellow monstrosity to his chest with a slightly stunned look, suspecting he’ll never have another shower quite like that again.
So Cas borrowed Sam’s computer and did some research on how to take care of people when they’re sick. Cas shuts down the computer when he’s finished and ponders for a little bit. He highly doubts that Dean will let him do anything to help and Sam has already had to drag Dean back to bed twice today. But Cas is willing to make tea or fetch medication so he goes to the bedroom that has been designated to Dean for this trip. The room is stuffy and smells a little bit rank, tissues flung all over the nightstand from where Dean has aimed for the bin and, in his sickly state, missed. There are used cups and a sick bowl (“Just in case,” Sam had muttered darkly as he’d placed it by the bed) but no Dean.
“I’m easy.”
“Dean!” Cas says, before turning to the two in front of them. “Come in, both of you.” Cas rather forcibly shoves Dean out of the way of the doorway and gestures Sam and Gabriel through.
“Well, not sex. I mean, after sex, sure…” Sam shifts uncomfortably. “But humans, you know…” and then he gives in and uses that word because how else is he going to explain it? “Cuddle.”
“Yeah, well, if he brings it up again, you tell him I have every intention of making an honest man out of you. Well, you’ll make an honest man out of me. You can’t get much more honest than you already are.” Castiel beams and kisses Dean enthusiastically on the mouth.
“Brother in law?”
“I’ll keep Sammy here company, don’t you worry,” he promises, his golden eyes turning dark as he looks back at Sam. Dean, thankfully, misses this as he hurries through to the living room and the front door.
Well, as much as he can be. He’s still Cas after all. But he does get this sweet little crooked smile when he watches Dean eat or fall asleep fully dressed on top of the bed. And he still stares at Dean like he’s the most fascinating thing in the world so really Sam should have seen it coming. Cas is a stare-r but he only ever looked at Dean that way.
“Gabriel, just move the damn car,” he says wearily, reaching out for Cas again. “We’ve got dinner to get back to.”
Dean adds sci-fi to the list and vows to keep Cas away from police call boxes just in case.
But it’s a relief that Dean likes his. Dean has spent an inordinate amount of his life thinking about female genitals so Cas was a little worried at times that he had the wrong equipment. He’s heard of ‘experimenting’ and ‘phases’ and he is so, so terrified that he is that to Dean.
He elbows Dean out of the way and stares their neighbour down. Dean unconsciously takes a step back. This can’t end well. Gabriel is wearing jeans and a candy pink shirt that clashes with his stupidly expensive car. His hair is neatly slicked back and there’s a leather cord around one wrist. He looks a little like a pimp, whereas Mrs Parker is all class in a lemon yellow blouse and neat, black pin skirt.
“Dean!” Cas squeaks, scandalised. Sam is getting up too, smiling.
“So. Hey.”
“I’ve gotta go out to the store anyway. I could buy soup.” Cas seems to find this acceptable.
“In the car,” Cas answers immediately.
“No, you don’t! Why do you make my life hell if you think I’m good enough for Cas?” Dean hisses. He’s aware of Cas in the kitchen and he doesn’t want him to hear this.
“Shit, Cas, I…that’s not what-“ Dean runs his hands through his hair and then steps up to his boyfriend, wrapping both arms around his waist and pulling him in tight.
And maybe this whole apocalypse thing was making him a little bit cynical but nonetheless Sam likes to believe in love. There were times when he saw old couples sitting together on a bench – just sitting and holding hands – and it reminded him of what they’re trying to save. Little and greying old people who have spent their lives together and young couples who share a milkshake in the booth next to them at diners and that one day he and Dean get that mushy, hand-holding, intense love too.
“Sorry, guys, I think I have to go deal with this,” he mutters, throwing his napkin down on the table as he stands. Gabriel looks away from Sam for the briefest moment to smirk.
“Ah,” she says, and there’s silence once more. Cas hurries past Dean, keys jingling from his fingers. They watch him walk toward Gabriel and Dean can’t help but study them.
“Hey,” Dean says, as he pockets the keys and room card and kicks the door shut. “I got you some baguette type thing and fries, is that o…what are you doing?” Cas flushes a little, despite Dean having seen his nude body many times before. He’s aware that it’s probably strange to strip naked once one’s companions have left and stand in an ugly motel room in front of a mirror.
“I got it!” Dean hollers at Cas before lazily stretching and getting up.
“Thank you, Sam. That would be very helpful. The internet said that it should be chicken.” Now Sam looks really worried, expression twisting at Cas’ words and the memory of another time Castiel thought all answers lied with the internet.
“Catch the bus,” Gabriel yawns. “Better for the environment.”
“He would because it’s you!” Sam hisses in frustration and then sighs heavily. “Look, Cas, I know I said he doesn’t…but you’re different. I’ve never seen him like this with anyone before. So just…trust me, ok?” Cas’ face is almost unreadable, blue eyes flicking over Sam’s face, undoubtedly checking to see if he is telling the truth. Finally his expression clears and he nods, moving to lie down in the bed next to Dean, looking a little uncomfortable as he does so. It would be an awkward action for an angel who has never slept.
“Sam? I am unsure of what to do.” Castiel looks terrified and at any other time when his eyelids weren’t trying to glue themselves shut Sam would find it hilarious. But right now he has to explain to an angel how to cuddle.
Dean’s mouth opens and closes in quick succession. He’s always assumed that he would marry Cas: he just never got around to it. Which, thinking about it, is a pretty shitty excuse.
“You…you…” Dean sputters. Sam has the courtesy to at least look sheepish.
Cas’ laughter causes the curtains to twitch and Mrs Parker peering past the lace to look at them. Dean almost scowls back out of habit and then nearly falls over when she raises a hand and freaking waves to them.
“Dean!”
“She does not dislike you,” Cas says immediately. “She just…doesn’t see how wonderful you are. You are misunderstood.” Dean puts off returning to the table so he can pull Cas into his arms and lay one on him.
“Sorry, Dean. We arrived at the same time.”
“That you would tolerate and welcome someone who clearly irritates you into your home because it makes the one you love happy,” she says. “I never managed it.”
So Cas goes on Daddy-searching trips or follows up on leads or finds hunts for the boys once they wake up which Dean approves of. At least he’s spending his time wisely. Of course, Dean would rather Cas takes off the coat and tie and cuddle in a badly lit motel room but again, he’d French the remains of a back-stabbing, brother-fucking, lying demon bitch before he’d ask Cas to do that. Cas would probably just tilt his head and look confused anyway.
“Yes, but we were kids then. It’s not like we do it now!” Sam protests. This is possibly one of the most surreal conversations he has ever had and to be honest he’s not sure he’s well equipped to deal with it right now.
Gabriel yelps when Dean lobs a pillow at his face and again when he realises his lollipop has stuck to it. The next few minutes are spent trying to get rid of the evidence before Cas can find it and take back his promise of pie and sex.
“So that gives him an excuse to hang off you like a twenty dollar hooker?” Dean hisses. Sam’s eyes sharpen.
“Look, if I didn’t approve of you, I wouldn’t torture you so much. Cas loves you and as much as I hate to say it, you’re good for him. But while you may be good enough for him, I don’t want you to ever get complacent or take him for granted. That’s why I do what I do. I’m going to judge you harder than any of Cas’ other boyfriends because I know you can make this last.”
“You were very well behaved,” Cas agrees. “And I think there’s a reward in it for you, after they leave.” Dean perks up immediately, tearing his eyes away to look at Cas’ mischievous face.
Dean wisely keeps his mouth shut (although he has a lot to say on the matter of harpies.)
“Thinking?” Dean purrs, shucking off his jacket onto the nearest bed. “And you have to be naked, why?” Cas shifts back and forth and resists the urge to cover himself. He’s unsure whether to tell Dean what he’s been thinking. Dean is not really one for sharing deep thoughts. Especially not insecurities. Dean may have doubts about many things but his level of attractiveness is not one of them.
No, that wasn’t true. He’d made his too. The final straw had come when he’d committed the final act of rebellion: he’d fallen in love with a human.
And when he gets out of the shower ten minutes later, warm and sated, he doesn’t give the mirror a second thought.
But then Dean found said mushy, can’t-stop-touching-each-other, all he can think about every hour of the day love and Sam isn’t sure whether it’s a miracle or downright gross.
“Cas? Are you alright? What was happening upstairs…Why are you soaking wet?” Cas looks down at himself. He’d forgotten that he was still wet from having climbed into the shower with Dean.
“The Ehow article was not informative about fevers,” Castiel explains. Dean groans lightly in his throat and then jumps when Cas is immediately all over him.
“That chick at the bar the other day, telling you when she ended her shift? Yeah, that was a come on. And the guy we interviewed yesterday stared at your ass so hard I was going to punch him if he didn’t quit it. Hey, stop rubbing up against me like that!” Dean groans, dropping his head to bump against Castiel’s forehead.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean says around a deep cough. “Kick me while I’m down.”
He moves downwards. His neck seems to be a place of great interest to Dean. He shows a great deal of attention to it, placing kisses along it and marking Cas with teeth and lips. He has broad shoulders, even though he is fairly slender. Dean still affectionately calls him a ‘skinny little dude’ but as it seems to be said out of love, Cas does not take it as an insult. If anything, Dean appears to be even more impressed when he is capable of taking down a demon, even without his powers.
“You mean to say…sex?” and Sam almost chokes on his tongue. He knows the angel has had sex. Enjoys it, definitely. For Chrissakes, the man is in a relationship with Dean. People around Dean don’t stay virgins for long. But maybe he should have a talk with Cas one of these days and point out that most humans don’t discuss sex that openly. And Dean is the exception that proves the rule.
“Yes, but you learnt the hard way that if you type things like that into Google, you’re going to see a guy bent over a kitchen counter, covered in caramel,” Sam counters.
"Aren't you tired of dead ends?"
"Nice game you played there." It's Letterman, sliding into the seat opposite. Stuck in lookout mode, he boots his brain back into working the case, thinking this local might have heard about the deaths.
"Month or two." John tells him.
used to be
"Claires' home." He turns to Cas' warm voice. "It was a cramped but colorful plastic playhouse."
He signs, smoothing down his hair and Dean chuckles at how hastily the phone sets up on the dash. Leaning over, he gives his glimpse of her a grin. Brown hair tied back, she tugs a stifling shirt collar, outlined by an orange sun-glow flooding through the rolled down window.
Gunners' eyes crinkle with crowfeet, somehow sad. "You're a very hard man to forget." His tone turns more jovial, hooking his thumb at the Impala prominently gleaming black on a beige yard. "And so is that car."
"There is no house anymore." Cas admits, whistling for their dog to stick close. "When I returned Jimmy to his Heaven, it dilapidated - destroyed once I became human." Crawling out of the rubble, choking on plaster, confused and bombarded with the whole world without walls.
"Should be - this is our first stop," Sam screws his face up in confusion. "But, it looks like the guys inside haven't moved out yet."
"Whatever." Sam grins, glancing to Gunner and then back to him. "I'll go wait in the car." He ducks away from Dean ruffling his hair on the way out.
Miracle is nowhere near as restrained, bounding ahead to dig at the ground or chase bugs.
Dean drinks, looking at the black-white headshots. "What's his deal?"
Before getting caught up in conversation, he hits Sams' arm and gestures if he wants anything. With a distracted
The other door into the room creaks, Dean defensively drifting his hand to his blade - but it's Gunner. A wilderness in him fades, their eyes meeting. At first, he thinks he'd been looking for
type of thing." He suggests, scrabbling their key into the motel room door. It's only when he's picking two beers out the fridge in an amused silence he realises the ending of that story. "Not that - well, I mean." Cas laughs as he takes the beer, sending a horrid flush up his neck. "Ah, shut it."
"Sit up and pay attention." John orders and marionette on a string, he slouches, head lolling on the backseat. "It's a good lead, big hunt in the works. I'm meeting with a group to take care of it. Dean's in charge until I'm back. Clear?"
He sucks in air like a dying man because Dad hadn't seen seconds before when Dean was kissing - he fumbles for the door and says something about a smoke. He makes it behind a tree before he loses his guts, cold night air stinging his warm body, palms scraping bark - shit.
"We're gonna get out of here and patch you up, okay?" He asks, carefully excavating her from the muddy pit, mindful of those bruised ribs. "How did you get so bloody?"
He catches Cas the moment he falls, hands clutching his sides and exhaling shakily over his neck, holding his hunter how he longed to - how the hunter yearned to be held, worthy, wanted, loved.
When they're zipping up and wiping down, his watch startles them both with insistent beeps.
"Surprise!"
Without breaking their hold, Dean whips a cloth off the counter, wiping foam away to reveal a much softer face. "Brand new." He murmurs, passing the cloth behind Cas' neck so his hands are free to feel his masterpiece.
"Not that bad?" Dean doubts, shoving a jumper into his arms as he steadies a lopsided seat. "Did you see those roads? No, you didn't, because it's like
A few days in, this town was getting to him. Standing for an evening smoke on their mossy porch, pointlessly trying to see anything beyond the fragile barrier of white wood. He could be staring straight at Sasquatch and not know it. He exhales, unable to discern smoke from fog.
In a life of his fathers' rules, he finally makes his own.
"There's a bunch of mirrors down there with names scratched in." Dean tells him, holding still so the shoulder stitches start smoothly.
"Mrs Parish, hey!" He cranks on the charm, hiding his blade as she squints at him. "Dean." He supplies and she claps in recognition.
As he screeches on the water, using the remaining soap on himself, he wonders what sort of house Scarlet lives in that nobody saw the thick letters painted on her forehead.
He watches one struggle, slowing, before disappearing - the reflection returning to the mirror.
"And we haven't exactly got a lot of trump cards in our deck. So uh, forgive me for not trailing his name - for not telling a woman who's going to forget I exist, the minute we roll out."
but we have to  - Dads' orders."
"Yeah, after I clean up. Go on, you've got people waiting." Sam brightens, running to the hallway but a glint of light makes him turn back - it's glare from the machete blade, trembling violently in Deans' hand.
They don't have food money but Dean crinkles a bag from an expensive shop on the other side of town, trying to hide it before he can see. The buzzing motel sign and occasional shouts fill the space between their words, scarfing down their stolen goods.
"Don't say that." Dean tries.
"Something like that." Sam says, looking over his shoulder to the bleakness surrounding them on all sides.
Three fires in a hot city, is not national news.
Somberness had already crawled into the car, can tell from frowning faces. He hurries to the passenger side with an excuse about clean up taking longer than expected.
He swears himself blind right there, relief crushed under the realisation he almost lost Sammy to selfishness. He smokes to cover his stench, staring at his lucky stars, breathing out in resolution.
Peering down into the hall, Sam spots two figures hurrying back to their seats - that's the guy he'd seen hanging around Dean. His eyes kept flicking to the door, distracted and worried. He'd seen the monster, meaning his brother was in trouble.
Summing sincerity he asks, “Can you trust me?”
The case was more complex than they first thought. The other victims' houses had been much the same, repair and phone bills. The locals peering past thin curtains, glimpses of ghostly lives that didn't want to get involved.
He taps the first name noted as missing, an old lady with no remaining relatives to question her disappearance - only the newspaper boy noticed unread papers stacking up. "Most of them either lived alone, or were relatively new in town. Except this third guy."
, right because the dude got married.
"I didn't notice, sorry." Sam looks up at his brother. "What do you think?"
Sam tugs the final stitch, moving to help them - Dean catches his arm.
Dean strides over, watching his hesitant smile fade at the sight of blood. “You need to get back in the hall, now.” He commands, watching behind them with concern.
Another wounded moan makes him turn.
"Did you lose your mind?" Dad starts off softly. "Someone slip you something, head not heal right?" It's thrumming with concern but Dean knows what's going to happen down this road of conversation and braces, staring past the dashboard.
He knows the feeling, checking on Dad to see him making moves on a lady at the bar. Sweetening her up to buy him a drink, despite the winnings in his pocket.
“He’s not my friend,” he stonily corrects her. “He’s my…almost brother-in-law.”
“I’m an angel, I can’t get ill,” Castiel says automatically, mind ticking away. Sam and Bobby said he couldn’t just make Dean better but he could fulfil his duties as an angel and Dean’s significant other by caring for Dean as humans do: and he won’t catch Dean’s cold so he can do it properly instead of the half assed job that Sam and Bobby are doing now – which pretty much involves poking their heads around Dean’s door and asking if he’s dead yet. The more Cas thinks about it the more genius it is. There’s a little bubble of excitement in Cas’ gut – he enjoys doing things the conventional human way, even if sometimes it seems trivial and far too difficult. And Dean is disgusting and half-asleep so he won’t have any protests about Cas doting on him.
“How important it is in your society. How people finds others attractive. Why you…find me attractive,” Cas says softly, praying his voice doesn’t crack while he does so. Dean pauses, lips brushing Cas’ shoulders. The fingers still as well but, thankfully, his hand does not leave Castiel’s. Cas is grateful for those warm, strong fingers.
Cas squeezes him again, a little bit harder. Right. They have things to be doing. Involving half a pan of apple pie.
Sam watches them for a second, the angel of the lord in socks and holding the Righteous man – his elder brother, the one he loves and admires most – who in turn is snoring away and thinks that they’re perfect for each other. Dean is too much and Castiel is sometimes not enough but it works. And yeah, Sam’s a little jealous because now Dean has someone else to love with all of his heart and also because that’s what Sam wants one day, like he had with Jess.
Dean opens the door, prepared to either smile at his baby bro or scowl at the dickhead.
“She’s never done that before,” Cas says. “What did you do to her?”
“I asked Sam to get pie for you,” Cas says solemnly and is rewarded with a kiss to his palm.
“Ah, insecure women. It used to be my bread and butter,” Dean smiles fondly before his mouth opens in a wide yawn again. Cas finally takes his eyes away from the television to look at his human lover.
“I know but you could watch that still but just…in the bed with…me?” Dean feels pathetic and is vaguely aware that his voice has taken on an unattractive begging quality. If anyone asks, this did not happen because he doesn’t really want to mack with Ruby’s ashes. He didn’t even like her when she was alive. Although charred remains are an improvement. It’s a good look for her.
“I’m sure we can work something out,” he says gravely, kissing Dean chastely, a mere hint of what’s to come.
“What the hell are you doing?!” Dean yelps in surprise. Castiel stands fully in the shower, still dressed, everything from his tie to his socks under the warm spray of water. His hair is plastered to his forehead and his intense gaze under the stream of water makes Dean suck in his breath. In the steam and torrential water sliding over Cas’ cheekbones and clinging to long, dark eyelashes, the angel’s bright blue eyes stand out. In paintings and pictures that little children colour in and hang on the fridge, water is always blue but it has nothing on Castiel’s eyes. Although, Dean has trouble remembering at times that this is Jimmy Novak’s body. He doesn’t know what Cas’ true form is like but he sometimes wishes that Cas has those same blue eyes. Dean will always know Cas by those eyes, even if he were another person entirely, not only for their seriousness and intensity and the downright beautiful blue of them but because Cas is the only one who looks at him like that. A combination of loyalty, faith, exasperation and love. That’s all Cas.
He shifts his weight. "Uh … no."
Dazzle? Light - light!
They fall quiet, watching the sisters break apart the beast of their past into slivers of reflected moonlight.
Dean flicks at the school crest on his chest. "Seems you're all headed for fame." He doesn't mean for it to be a compliment but he's warm in this closet.
disappeared five months ago. Never reported missing."
"Alright, note it down." He says, using the motel mirror to direct the needle, his tongue poking through teeth in concentration. He rolls his eyes seeing Sam sit straight down and pick up a pen. "Not
"A hunter?"
He shoves himself in the shadows and smokes. He rubs at his face, his hair drying with blood. What the fuck is he gonna do? Dad saw him kissing - he can't even think it. His lighter shakes as it strikes another smoke to life, huffing like a train about to go off the rails, begging to be numb.
"That is
Gunner shrugs, more honest than he could hope to be. "Pretty much as soon as you started bending over tables."
"Yes, you're irreplaceable." Cas confirms wearily, guiding them into the hallway and out of sight for her 'surprise'. She really was having a happy twenty-sixth, her shoulder beaten blue by birthday beats from everyone who could make it. Except Jack, who had given her a very sweet hug, and Kaia, who had given her twenty-six kisses. Well, more than that, but they'd lost count. She tucks the party-hat string behind her sleeping girlfriends' ear so it doesn't dig in, thinking of rings and arches.
He doesn't like to think about which supporting role he'd be cast as, he'd much rather work the lights with Eileen. She'd probably joke he should hold the boom stick, because he wouldn't need to stretch to get it over their heads.
"I'm not a dealer." Dean starts and the guy drops his head with a grin.
He fucked up.
the smile, fingers reaching up to tug the tie of Cas' suit ensemble. The move jostles him closer and he skims his knuckles away, before he does something stupid.
?" Dean asks gruffly, startling the sound away. He rubs his eyes, clinging to his coffee cup as he slipper-shuffles to the laptop screen.
Dean curls a smile at that, flecks of blood on his cheek. "Probably for the best." He agrees and watches him push a hand through his hair in disbelief. He shifts on the spot. "Look, Sam and I aren't hanging around, we're leaving tonight."
Dean raises his eyebrows. "That's, wow. How'd you manage it?" His persona peels back, presented with a past he was tentative to hear about.
"No way." They were giving her the bunker?
The night of the play, he wears the best shirt he owns, having washed and stitched up the holes. Excitement buzzed through everyone in the club, it was finally time to show their friends and family the put together pieces of their play.
"I think it was a Vindico!" Sam calls through to him in the motel bathroom, where he stands stitching his arm again. After the last mirror pieces fell, they'd sandpaper-scored down the rest before shattering them. Along with chucking the jagged remains into the lake and driving homebound, his stitches were weeping.
The engine turns and the headlights catch the concern in Deans' eyes, squeezing his shoulder - but he is stone, statue rocking on damp leather, a monument forever displaced.
The bite slackens but fighting back seems to excite it, scrabbling for another attack as Dean heaves away from the sinking mud.
He should feel dumb talking to a dog in the same way Dean talks to the Impala but, sometimes a third pair of ears is nice. Even if he does have to treat him to keep interested - maybe his brothers' plot to turn Miracle against him was working. Did he really need
Cas lightly lift his arms for a hug and, fuck it, he leans in to embrace his angel.
They nod in what must be a trucker farewell before Dean's outside, wiping wet palms on his jeans. Over the approaching pine trees, a grey haze had spread itself thin like a fog machine gearing up. They should step on it if they wanted to get set up in town tonight.
"Yeah, well." Without a good excuse, his brother pushes back from the table, disturbing all their findings and strolls out. He wants to shout that it's not safe but honestly, he has no proof to support that. Shaking his head, he leafs through their journal as a lighter clicks outside. The smell of smoke drifts in and combined with the mist, he wonders when he'll get a gulp of pure air again.
His theory didn't stray far from Daryns' idea of a serial arsonist, except he could explain the woman disappearing on being a ghost. But what would make a ghost go serial?
Fuck.
Dean smirks, flicking ash and glances his watch - the club had a good while to go before it finished. He stands, stubbing out his cigarette cinders. "Where?"
"You're doing a lot more of the heavy lifting than I am - it's time." Sam says, swooping down to hug her, handing over the reigns of his legendary network.
"The fires are why you came, right?" Gunner asks, voice low in confiding. "Well, I got something to tell you. Daryn believes I put out those flames, but the house was ablaze. I saw him passed out and thought it was too late."
Maybe, he just knows Dean.
When he sees Sammy sitting upfront he nearly laughs but takes the back, where the bad things sit.
She prompts and decides to give no more hints, hands back around Sam. That just left -
"Do we know what it is?"
"Your brother grew up like a damn oak." Gunner comments, looking where Sam bent almost in double to admire an artwork, as his husband revealed the meaning of the piece.
The name at least gets attention. Dean drinks his coke and frowns, but not with concern. "Why would I?"
with them."
He fumbles for the fake name he'd been introduced as in his absence. "Sam Reeds." His brother must be proud of that one.
Seems like Wade Tarn agreed. "Alright, listen to this." He smacks the fuzzing computer to stop the static. "
Sam shakes his head. "In the foggy months, people come to town and disappear. No deep ties to keep them, so they're written off as runaways."
The wind had picked up, catching on the edge of the cellar door and swinging it, howling across the lake and urging him down the stairs - slats of wood, covered in grime and dirt. He holds on to the frame when the wind surges, nearly careening him down into darkness. He harshly chuckles, tipping his head to the side before stepping down with moonlight as his only guide. Moss slicks the handrail and he recoils, wiping it away on his jacket. As his foot lands deep in mud, two things happen.
"Hey, how's my favorite hunter doing?" Sam pushes his head but he doesn't straighten until he gets a tinny laugh from Eileens' end - can't let her go forgetting who the better brother is.
Fear, true fear of the dark, swells on Gunners’ face - dropping to where Deans' blood-dried hand wrapped around his forearm. Before he can do anything, he’s being crushed into an urgent kiss. He can’t let himself feel the concern in it, jerking away and scanning the shadows for monsters. Instead he finds a pair of disapproving eyes at the end of the hallway, staggered in blood.
"It'll all be helpful someday." Dean says with his back to him, moving to clean up the dishes before everything gets stuck together. "Like, if I cut off one vamp head out of three, how many times do I swing my machete to take out the rest of 'em?"
Point is they both know, so, they don't need to say it.
"Hey," Greets him back.  "That was crazy. What was that thing - I mean, I don't want to
"He made you do it!" Aldana insists in a burst, fearlessly stepping closer, as if she had held onto the words too long that even a monster would not dissuade her. "I know you would never hurt anyone - you have to let him go."
"Stitch my shoulder too." At his brothers' confusion, he tilts his head to the scene. "They should do it, for themselves." He can feel the silent questions and shrugs. "Besides, you haven't been in the gym for ages, so you wouldn't help at all."
It moves,
"Samuel, step outside."
Dean startles, catching sight of his own stupified face before remembering, right, yeah. Cas can still feel that longing shit like a prayer.
Ice creeps inside the car as all that intense heat drains out of him. He turns his head to the noise, heart rapid. It rings again and he elbows Gunner off, lurching over the seat to scrabble for the phone. If it rang three times and he didn't pick up -
Sam squints against the road bumps, blurring the words of the book he didn't get time to return. Technically, it's well written but the emotional punch could've been delivered by a deflating balloon for all it affected him.
Resolved, Bernadette tightens her grip on the crowbar as the monster picks up pace, a flash moment of decision and she screams into the swing -  shattering skin off him, stumbling into the warding.
has to be pure. Wade Tarn had all that vengeance inside him and nowhere to fuel it, I think the lake he lived by was the perfect vessel for that." Sam rambles, clearly excited to have found something new to add to the lore.
So far that included: the Impala, immediate family and Cas.
Forehead slick with cold sweat, the bite gets more aggressive, digging down to tear Dean apart. He'd survived too much to die from a stomach wound - his fingers scrabble to its' throat to rip the head off him, but they slip through mist.
The sliver of moonlight guiding him splinters and dies, the door swinging shut behind him, and a slow moan of pain echoes inside the pitch black basement.
When the curtains draw across the stage, he still doesn't know shit about the play, but he breaks out into a grin as Sammy high-fives Avery afterwards like kids are supposed to. Her hands curl into her black-red skirt nervously and Sam suggests she talk to her cousin, currently collecting flowers on the stage.
John cleans his deeply dirty machete on a rag. "Alright." He says, chest steadying. "I'll call the hunters and let them know the kill's over. Clean up the blood, boys."
He can't hold him - but hopes his gratitude at having been known, can be felt.
It's when they're on his porch, waiting for Daryn and Sam to finish up their intense art conversation, that he idly flips his fake badge and asks, "How'd you know it was me?"
"Move."
"Gross." He flips it open, seeing the theatre club and twisting his lip. "How long are we staying?" He asks blankly.
"No, just muddy." Sam says, ditching him in the backseat and the delayed realisation he'd be getting mud all over Baby makes him groan. "Where did it get you?" He asks, unzipping the first aid kit and pulling out a threaded needle with its driver.
Dean grabs onto his arm, fixing him with a serious look.  "You need to go back."
Sam nods, like he'd been expecting that. "Bernadettes' injuries happened when she hit the mirror her husband had been taken through. That thing stepped out instead." He tugs the thread. "So, I reckon we free them by breaking the mirrors."
Gunners eyes slide to the stooped over black-haired man. "I'm sorry you do." It's worse that this guy seems genuine, like he wants to know him - like he already kind of did. They run down to the dregs, when Gunner claps his shoulder. "I play the baseball pitch on Thursdays, if you ever want to see my game."
This, blood covered liar, is all of him.
He'd joined under Deans' demand, needing somewhere safe to store him until the hunt was done, and it was the only one open. Scripts and performing, he couldn't do to save his life, so they dropped him in front of a mixing deck and said
to be patchwork pieces of weathered wood houses, hitched along hiking trails either side of a climbing colossal waterfall.
The phone rings once.
Watching the black beast drive down the mirage of a road, he hears water splashing on the ground nearby, but squinting against the sun shows him only withered shrubbery. He waits. A messy sniffle draws him to the source and he stops in surprise.
He strides past Sams' shotgun side, spotting a dark head of hair and low rumbled tone. Reaching through the window, he wrestles the phone away from a protesting Sam.
"So, you called it an attack," Dean leans forward, trying to hold the mans' flickering eyes. "What did you see?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Sliding into the seat opposite, he waits for the storm of flirtation to abate. Waits for her advances to be brushed off, to hear something,
The trucker beside him gives his arms a once over, red flannel rolled to the elbows. "Nice tats." He hears and wishes there was warding that stopped dudes chatting him up with their dicks out.
"Lo lamento... pensé que no te haría daño." Bernadettes' voice wavers, sorrowful.
"What are you doing?" A confused voice asks over his shoulder and he flinches in surprise. Her frown crinkles the dark shades of makeup on her face, slightly sweating through her black-red clothing.
Cas doesn't seem to share the same reservations, slipping one hand under his short sleeve and the other rumples the edge of his shirt, spanning the tender bruised skin.
Winding the frayed edges of himself together, he pats off his knees and heads back to that switch filled room.
He splashes water over his face, letting droplets run where they want, a chaos he could easily control with a wipe of a towel. It's tempting to throw the cloth over the mirror, to ignore the chance that the Vindico had followed them.
He doesn't talk, and they don't try to.
Cas nods understandingly, seemingly in a similar situation and suddenly he wishes states weren't separating them, so they could share the sunset settling on his angels' features. His fingers flick aggressively at the ash, seeing his smile tilt into something softer.
Dean draws in smoke but can't help the comment, "Well this one is aging like fine wine." Amusement radiates beside him and he rolls his eyes. "Just because I don't drink it, don't mean I can't appreciate it."
"No pulling those eyes on the other hunters." He clears the warmth from his throat, scratching the hinge of his jaw. "We don't need more strays at the bunker."
It slams just in time to shroud the whole world in darkness, the Shadestalker catching him in it’s cold arms, crawling it’s sharp skeletal fingers over and into his veins. Pressure builds around his throat, tongue curdling in his mouth, air slipping through his teeth in tense hisses. Creeping through his tendons, his grip on the machete switching ownership.
Sam doesn't know what to do, hesitating in the doorway. Is this what his brother never let him see after a hunt? Should he say something?
"More than my husband think's safe." He admits, slipping his socked feet down to the floorboards with a sigh. "But as I've told everyone before, what happened to me was no accident."
The fourth house, mysteriously saved, made it hunting news. Sam had mapped out the fires and discovered a diagonal trajectory through the city, unrelenting at four in as many weeks.
"It's Mr Dunnel nowadays." He corrects, taking a steadying burgundy sip. The name swills in his brain, circling around a plug hole. "Call me Daryn. I suppose you're here about the attack?" He asks, stepping into his house.
And so that was that. With Dean’s ever-present love and Sam’s gentle support, Cas had accepted it.
“Sam, how do I get soup?”
“How do you even go from that to nearly making out, anyway?” Dean presses and nearly chokes on his own spit when Sam’s ears go red underneath all that hair.
“Sam’s here. Shouldn’t you see to that ‘crucial sustenance’ or something?” Dean asks reluctantly with a yawn. Cas looks down at the flushed, sleepy hunter in his arms and thinks of the years to come; of a different kind of showering together (one where they’re both naked and more likely to end up dirty than clean) and sleeping, pressed together, in the same bed and feeding soup to a stubborn, ailing Dean.
“I mean, can’t you come with me?” Dean says awkwardly. Castiel blinks in surprise, as usual not entirely understanding.
“You get the pie, I’ll unplug the phones,” Dean says, suddenly very back into the game. Cas does look good in that green shirt. And he’s been really, really good today.
“So Dean has cuddled with you?” Cas inquires, testily.
“Cas! In the damn bed!” Cas sits down in surprise with a ‘whump’ and then he still looks at Sam like he has no clue what he’s meant to be doing.
“Stupid,” Dean mumbles, twisting a hand in Cas’ hair, firm and possessive. “You’re bloody mine. Don’t think you’re going anywhere. Besides, you’ve been so busy noticing people noticing me, you completely missed that they think you’re hot stuff too.”
And what will happen once Dean no longer finds him so.
“Sammy! Don’t you dare put out on the first date!” he yells, probably to the annoyance of the whole street.
“But I’m not anymore!” Cas protests. Dean’s hand rises and grazes a thumb over Cas’ chapped bottom lip. This movement has the effect of rendering Cas speechless.
Dean wisely doesn’t reply that it seemed to him they were actually on a break and just nods obediently.
“Are you warm enough?” Cas enquires. Dean nods and Cas looks pleased.
“Why, you’re not thinking of leaving me, are you?” Dean cracks open an eye suspiciously. Cas is quick to deny it.
“Gabriel,” Cas admonishes, although the tips of his ears are turning red. Sam, the fucker, is smirking behind his beer.
Cas inhales a few more times, trying to focus and calm his mind, like he used to, back when he had Grace. Finally, he’s ready…and opens them.
“I think they like each other.”
“Move your vehicle,” Mrs Parker says firmly, not even waiting for Gabriel to open his mouth. “I can’t get out of my drive.”
But just as he drops his head and closes his eyes, he’s being spun around and gripped by the shoulders. His head spins from the action, but he suspects that it’s his weak human body reacting to hunger and tiredness from a cramped backseat.
“Oh yeah? So what was it like?” They’re both whispering now, trying to keep attention away from themselves as Gabriel and Cas are standing right there, happily chatting, Gabe’s arm slung around Cas’ shoulders.
Their waitress was overly attentive. Cas had noticed it immediately but didn’t say anything. For all he knew, everyone in the food service industry was this dedicated to their profession. But when it became apparent that dedication applied only to Dean, Cas felt an unpleasant clawing sensation in his stomach. He tried to ignore it and push it down, trying instead to focus on his lover’s presence. But while Dean was trying to urge him to eat something called hash browns, the waitress slipped a small piece of paper underneath Dean’s plate, winked, and walked away again, swinging her full hips. Dean’s eyes had flicked over her momentarily, and then turned away but by then it was too late. The seed had been planted in Cas’ mind and nothing could make it go away again, no matter how hard he tried.
“Sam’s my brother. Big, awkward, too much hair?” Dean explains and, rather ridiculously, mimes Sam’s stupid hippy hair with his hands.
Finally Cas is horizontal, looking stiff as a board. Sam mentally rolls his eyes and then flicks the duvet back over them both.
“Well…that was different…” Dean says, embarrassed.
Cas has seen all this and studied in with some interest. But nothing like now. Now it’s all he thinks about. Attraction. Or, more specifically, who Dean is attracted to.
“Gabriel, enough. Don’t ruin our dinner. Dean, help me with the plates.” Cas’ tone is curt and Dean thinks that he might be hurt by Dean’s hesitation to answer. But he says nothing and quickly gathers the plates and rushes them through to the kitchen. He’s dumping them in the sink when Cas comes through, face oddly blank.
“There’s a monstrosity blocking my drive. I am late for an appointment. I was just asking your…partner here to kindly move it.” Dean notices the way her nostrils flare on the word ‘partner’ and tightens his arm around Cas. He’d move Cas away from such a horrible person if they didn’t love their house so much.
Cas winds an arm around Dean’s waist and squeezes slightly. But it’s enough to remind him that he and Gabriel have the most important thing of all in common.
But it’s there in front of him. Dean had seemed pretty pleased with it (apparently that’s another thing, not all genitals are that attractive and males are fairly preoccupied with the size of them).
God, Dean’s going to throw up.
When they bring out the main course, Dean gives Gabriel a shit-eating grin, just a little ‘nice try, fucker,’ smile. ‘Cause he’s not scaring off easy and Cas loves him way too much to let him go.
“Ok, so you wanna…” But then he is cut off, not by Cas, but by Dean himself. Without waking up, the hunter rolls over in his sleep and scoots over in the bed, throwing an arm around Cas and burying his face in his chest. Even in his sleep, Dean reaches out for Cas.
That was a bad suggestion. Really bad. Almost as bad as the time he thought the truck stop waitress with the weird rash was a good idea.
“Done,” Cas says, pressing little kisses over Dean’s mouth and throat.
“Thanks.” Sam nods and vanishes into the darkness of the bathroom and without turning on the light, stands in the doorway while Castiel kisses Dean’s forehead and closes his eyes.
Dean is forever explaining that unless its life or death or his car is on fire, you don’t wake him.
Lately he’s started to worry. Dean is beautiful, incredibly so. Cas has seen snow-capped mountains and distant stars; he’s flown past comets and walked through Heaven’s many bountiful wonders. And yet, still his lover is the most beautiful sight he’s ever laid eyes on. Dean gets very embarrassed when he tells him so. But Dean still doesn’t think he’s special and Cas knows otherwise so he is sure he’s right about this too.
“Cas, I’d find you attractive anywhere. You chose a pretty hot dude for your vessel – thanks for that, by the way – and I love you, dumbass. You. I mean, you’re amazing! You were an angel. This incredible, powerful creature who saved me and believed in me.”
“Oh?” Dean mumbles, kissing the back of Cas’ neck, his nose brushing the base of Cas’ hairline. The leather of Dean’s jacket is sticking to his skin and there’s a button pressing in against his spine but he doesn’t mind. One of Dean’s rough hands has come round to settle over his and the other is softly tracing the cleft and curves of Castiel’s bottom. Cas exhales softly and tips his head back slightly to rest against Dean’s.
He does not expect what he sees.
“Nothing. Just because I love you,” Dean says and wraps an arm around his boyfriend’s waist.
“’Sams?’”  Mrs Parker asks curiously. Dean winces. Cas owes him. Like blowjobs owes him.
“’Cause it’s nice, I guess. Warm bed, soft pillows… it’s even better when you’ve got someone next to you,” Sam says. All this talk about sleep is making his eyes droop. Besides, they’ve got a long drive to Bobby’s tomorrow full of Dean’s bad music and Castiel hinting that he wants to stop for a milkshake. Castiel is addicted to them, thanks to Dean insisting he try something at each diner they visit. Angels like frothy milk and bananas, who knew? He gives in and shuts the computer down.
Cas opens his eyes again, back in the motel room. He hadn’t even noticed he’d shut them, caught up in memories of heat and wetness and soft, hot skin. He long for Dean, aches for Dean. He has always found Dean visually pleasing and it has just increased now that they are in a carnal relationship. The pleasure Dean brings to his body is indescribable; worth falling for. Even when they are just kissing, the heat works its way into his groin and his head until it pounds away like a drum. If he were infected by Famine now, with this body as his own, he would crave Dean, fierce and hungry. He wants it, even now. He wants Dean’s strong, hard body to push him down and cover him, until he can feel every bump and ridge of firm muscle, the smooth planes of his back, the sculpted curves of his ass. Cas loves reaching back during sex and cupping them in his hands, urging Dean faster, harder, sometimes just to ground himself and remember that this is real.
“Dean, I’m sorry if what my brother said made you feel uncomfortable. I don’t want you to feel...pressured by it. We live together, we love each other, you shouldn’t feel like you need to be forced into anything more.” Cas looks stressed throughout this little speech. His big blue eyes are worried, practically oozing fear. He knows that Dean’s had problems with commitment in the past. Shit, he might even think that Dean will never propose: and yet, he’d be ok with that as long as Dean stays. Nausea rolls in Dean’s stomach. He’s the lucky one here. Castiel shouldn’t feel so insecure just because Dean is in immature prick sometimes.
But Cas does not see the jealousy flicker across Sam’s face.
Suddenly Dean sighs heavily, a little exasperated. “You’ve been worrying about this, without telling me, haven’t you?” he scolds gently. “Man, I’ve told you not to do that.”
“Alright,” Dean concedes defeat. “But if he eats all the red lollipops again I’m allowed to spit in his cocktail.” Cas beams, utterly delighted. For some strange reason he always believes that Dean will do the right thing.
“Marriage, dear boy. It’s been what, nearly four years now? Christ, get a move on already.” Gabriel rolls his golden eyes (Dean briefly considers tearing them out.) “Cassie’s a catch! If you don’t get a move on…well.” He lets his voice trail off in a way that implies ‘Cas can do better than you.’ Dean’s stomach involuntarily clenches.
“I was…thinking,” Cas stutters, anxiously brushing a strand of dark hair behind his ear. Dean doesn’t notice, dropping the food bags onto the stained, rickety table and advancing with an interested gleam in his eyes. They flick up and down appreciatively, clearly delighted by this turn of events.
“That doesn’t make it better, Dean…” Cas stifles a laugh and locks the door as quietly as he can. He should take a shower while the brothers are bickering and the water is hot. He’s sore and more than a little wound up with want, but that will have to wait. He can take care of it himself, as much as Dean would probably like to slip under the hot spray with Castiel.
“You cheated,” interjects a dazed looking Gabriel, who’s still staring at his and Sam’s linked hands like it’s an ice statue made out of Gatorade.
“He is my brother,” Cas continues, hitching the toilet paper higher in his arms. “Your brother is coming…”
Human genitals still seem a little strange to him. Back when he was newly fallen, this was the one part of his body he could not adjust to. Dean had laughed about it a little, no surprise. He usually thought with his genitals after all. Dean was completely unashamed of his body and had no embarrassment about the coarser, ruder functions and words that went along with it.
