“This isn’t a game,” Steve says, voice remaining miraculously even.
"No, we could use a little worse," the ex-Russian superspy admits.
“An army,” he repeats. “From outer space.”
The Winter Soldier.
, he signs. I make to bring my hands up to sign, but he presses them down once more.
A beat of silence.
“Вы,” I murmur in reply. The leather of the whip handle cracks under my grip. Neither of us move for a second.
"Just my friends," Nick says as I wring out the flannel. Steve snorts as I come back out into the living room. Nick has propped himself up into a slumped siting position.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve says firmly. “Stark’s not crazy.”
“It was him,” he says. “He looked right at me. But he didn’t even know me.”
I let out a weighted breath, tugging on the safety goggles slung around my neck.
“Let’s find out,” I reply, narrowing my eyes as I smack one of the armguards against my thigh, making the blade retract. Another alien motorcycle
Ultron speeds forwards, arms outstretched, and I turn quickly, letting his arms close around my midriff. His momentum and my lack of resistance send us both backwards.
Like if I hold onto that part of me hard enough, it'll become reality. That I'll actually be normal.
“It’s a detonation,” the lieutenant explains. “Number three engine is down.” I swear, pulling my goggles down to cover my eyes before turning in midair, tucking my arms in tightly before I make my exit.
“It’s good to meet you, Dr. Banner,” Stark is saying, shaking Banner’s hand. “Your work on the anti-electron collisions is unparalleled.” He waves a hand around vaguely. “And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage monster.”
~~~~~
“By whom?” Tony has strolled over to collect his darts, and I make eye contact with Clint. Grinning, I mime throwing the dart in his hand.
"There were way less aliens if I'm remembering right." Nat huffs, continuing to fire into the swarm of approaching Chitauri. She only has time to squeeze off a few more shots before we're forced into hand-to-hand. I lunge to the side of an alien's punch, twisting my body so that my legs come around to sweep my oppenent's out from under it. Jumping to my feet, I fire a shot into his head.
The supersoldier salutes just before he exits the house, and I sit back on the couch.
"And... yeah," he finishes lamely. A small smile creeps onto my face.
Over the past year, things have really slowed down for me. Sure, occasional supervillain attacks and the tracksuit mafia keep things interesting for me, but most of my life is just going to college and staying up all night, be it for homework or because of insomnia and nightmares. It's great, don't get me wrong, but I always feel like part of me is constantly yearning for something to happen and another part of me is clinging to the normal side of my life.
The lid of the Cradle flies off in a shower of debris, throwing Thor to the ground as another figure rises from within. It balances on the edge of the Cradle for one eerie moment, shrouded in smoke and motionless, stationary, strangely so.
“Thanks, but the last time I was in New York, I kinda broke Harlem,” Banner replies sheepishly. I snort.
A jet lands barely four meters in front of me, in all its mysterious, intimidating glory. Through the clear glass that makes up the cockpit, I can see a familiar head of bright red hair and another of short brown strands. The ramp lowers in the back, and Nick Fury steps out of the jet, cool as a cucumber and looking at me with an edge in his eye that makes me tense.
"Don't trust anyone," Nick coughs out in a bare whisper. Something cold is pressed into my boot, but I don't have time to question it before someone knocks down the door. I swear in some foreign language (I know too many to pinpoint which exact language I'm speaking in, but it's heavy on my tongue and brings to mind the memory of the tang of electricity on my tongue for some reason), grabbing my wrist reapers from where they rest under the coffee table, tucking my whip under one arm.
"Stark, that's a one-way trip if you don't get out in time." There's no answer. Seconds stretch out, and I struggle to stay in the air. I manage to make it to the roof of an office building. Breathing is painful, and I'm praying that that broken rib didn't puncture a lung. The left side of my face is killing me as-is, and I shove my goggles up with a quiet yelp of pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
The three of us emerge into a massive room, where all I can see is a clusterfuck of activity that makes me slightly dizzy. The only thing close to this that I’ve seen in a year is the chem lab, but only after something explodes. Phil taps my shoulder, bringing my attention to a small group of people standing and sitting around a large round table.
"I have the exact same glasses," I hear the employee say enthusiastically.
“Where?” I ask gently, kneeling down on Cho’s other side.
“So why didn’t SHIELD bring him in on the Tesseract project?” Banner concludes. “I mean, what are they doing in the energy business in the first place?”
“The package is airborne,” Clint says in my ear. “I have a clean shot.”
as he turns around to face the room at large. “It’s probably not, right? Is this very terrible? Is it so—is it so—it is. It’s so terrible.”
“What?” I snap impatiently, tense and ready to move at the slightest sign of things going south. Last time we’d been in the same room… Well, let’s just say that I didn’t leave SHIELD on the best of terms.
The name is foreign to me, because I had known the Winter Soldier, the Asset under Hydra’s control. Not Bucky, whoever that was. Even if Steve gave me a detailed life recap of Bucky Barnes, I don’t think I’d ever be able to
"Thank you."
Complete and utter silence.
You know me.
“The fuck was that?” I groan, flying back up a bit wobbly.
"Your going to go around the corner to your right. There's a gray car two spaces down. You and I are going to take a ride."
My eyes move to the doorway, and Clint follows my gaze to the vaguely familiar form of the guy that Steve probably ran circles around back at the Washington Monument.
Being cold.
“What?” Sitwell demands. “Are you crazy? That is a terrible, terrible idea.”
The night ends with everyone sprawled out in the living room, wedged onto furniture not designed to hold that many people at once.
“I may be a mortal, but that doesn’t mean that I’m pathetic,” I warn the ravenette. Then I turn on heel, stalking out the door. Right before I exit, though, I pause and look back. Loki’s eyes are still fixed on me. “I don’t beg for anyone’s scraps,” I add cooly. Then I sweep out of the room, jaw clenched.
“You came just in time,” Nat says, chin resting on Clint’s shoulder. “I was just about to tell Clint about what happened to the resident pining lovebirds.”
Do you know why they put us here?
Tony and I however, have no such setbacks, and we drift upwards lazily, keeping an eye out for Steve and Thor.
“Uh. We’ve got our hands full.” Then I leap over the railing.
"That makes it two stops," I hear Natasha say. "But coffee comes after."
As soon as we're out of the city limits, Steve floors the gas on the stolen car. Clint and I are sprawled out in the backseat, and Nat is comfortable with her feet propped up on the dashboard. I have a few unfinished worksheets out, propped up on Clint's legs as I scrawl out answers.
His eyes meet mine in the glass of the cockpit, and he nods reassuringly.
"They thought I could help their cause," Zola says, weird digital smile still in place. "I also helped my own."
"Seeing," Tony replies. "Still working on believing. Where's Banner? Has he shown up yet?"
And then we’re there and Steve is too and there are sparks flying as a metal fist collides with an unbreakable shield.
"Naturally, they let me retire. One year later, and everything that I did to escape this hellhole failed." I spread both arms, slumping back in my chair. "Guess who's back, bitches?" There's a shift in movement behind me, and I glance over my shoulder for a second. Phil is leaving. Thor looks thoughtful, and when he sees me looking at him, he smiles.
“Dead to the world,” she replies tiredly. “I gave him a good knock on the head.” She sighs heavily before drawing away, a hand lingering on my shoulder comfortingly as she moves out of my field of vision. The sound of a chair scraping reaches my ears, and I look up to see Nat dragging a chair across the room.
"So it's not off-course, it's trespassing," Steve sighs, glancing at Natasha.
~~~~~
One hand points to the gleaming yellow gem set in the creature’s forehead.
“Now you sound like you,” Nat says regardless, approving even if there’s nothing to approve. Approving words we all know to be empty.
"Shut up," Natasha interjects. She throws something over her shoulder, and it nails me in the shoulder. I huff, opening my eyes completely as I pick up the phone. "Text Steve, tell him that we're picking him up."
Nat turns back to the computer, fingers flying across the keys. “Yeah, I bet he… “ She pauses, before sitting back to reveal the standard SHIELD ‘RECORD DELETED’ in place of any useful information. “Yep,” the redhead says grimly. “Everything we had on Strucker has been erased.”
By the time we look up, Ultron has disappeared.
~~~~~
“You have forty-eight hours. Be ready when I get back.”
“Swing up Park, I’m gonna lay them out for you,” I hear Tony say. I grin, taking off into the air and use another gun to fire a single shot at a passing Chitauri. The others growl as their comrade tumbles out of the air, spinning to face me. I don’t waste time, just turn tail and head towards Central Park with a little parade of aliens on my tail.
“Somebody work some magic, please!” I yell, swinging into a superstrength-powered roundhouse. Ultron blocks with his arm, but my foot is in his face, so he doesn’t see Steve’s fist flying towards him until it connects, sending him back into a nearby concrete pillar before he stabilises himself.
“Bags not it!” I manage to spit out, using my shoulder to shove against the metal underside of the helicarrier. “Stark, you’re the one completely encased in metal. All I’ve got is skinnies and a hoodie; Cap’s got spandex and the eternal spirit of freedom. You’re our best bet.”
stronger
~~~~~
What did you expect?” Stark replies, a sassy edge to his words. It’s amazing how casual this could be if there wasn’t an evil Norse god eyeing us from below. The last piece of armor is removed, and the glass in front of us splits in two with a quiet whoosh. “This is Stark Tower.”
"Office building, about a block and a quarter south of your position," Clint replies. I hear the sound of glass crunching underneath his feet. "I can see you from here."
I squeeze my eyes shut, pressing my forehead into the cool metal of the vents.
“News,” I grit out into my earpiece, arms holding strong despite the strain.
“Come on, flygirl, pick up the pace!” Tony yells, zipping past me in a blur of red and gold.
"You know, it's kind of hard to trust someone when you don't know who that someone really is," Steve points out. Clint tenses up, and Natasha's mouth remains sealed.
“Wait until Stark is in the smoothie and get out, Hinojosa!” Nick barks in my ear. “That’s an order!”
"It's just a laser, nothing serious," I hear Nat yell. There's the sound of wind rushing past her at high speeds in the background. "She'll be fine; it's just a bruise. Let her up." I blink tentatively, and even if I wince I'm able to stagger to my feet, snatching at the whip in Steve's hands.
The force of which the hook leaves my hand leaves another welt on my palm, identical to the one from earlier, but I count myself lucky that the grapple didn’t catch me on its way back.
“I’m sorry, did you say—“
The two break apart, turning to face the rest of the team. I drop back onto the couch, kicking my feet up on the nearby coffee table. Laura waves awkwardly. “Hi.”
. You’ve known him for three years, you know him better than any of us, I reckon.”
"Save it," Steve commands, going into full Captain America mode. "Loki's gonna keep this fght focused on us and thats what we need. Without him these things could run wild. We got Stark up top, he's gonna need us—"
“What the hell are you…?” Cling trails off, letting his sentence hang in the air. Steve swings into the train car, landing beside me.
“Is it?” Steve asks sharply with the voice of a man who’s had their trust kicked to the side a few too many times. “Are you?” he asks, directing the question at Vision. “On our side?”
“Now really isn’t the time for wit, Hinojosa. If you want to get Barton back, you need to be focused.” My jaw tightens at the reminder that my best friend had been turned into a mindless zombie by a reindeer god with a glow stick of destiny.
Clint.
followed by a stream of swearing as Tony extricates himself from the armor.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks hesitantly.
“Nice to know that I’m second to Tony Stark.”
Natasha comes in from the entry way, where she’d gone to greet Lucky, walking towards Laura. Clint slips out of her grip, moving away as Nat moves into place, hands coming up to touch Laura’s swollen, very much pregnant stomach. “How’s little Natasha, hun?”
"Most of the intelligence community doesn't believe he exists," Natasha begins in a low voice. "The ones that do call him the Winter Soldier. He's credited with over two dozen assassinations in the last 50 years."
Pietro slumps down onto a nearby crate, panting heavily as Wanda turns to face Steve and me.
Pietro runs in in a blur of silver-blue, the trail he leaves behind almost lazy in its appearance. Clint follows, lurking back in the doorway.
“Right, sorry.”
, the archer adds helpfully. My eyes widen in realization before narrowing once more in order to squint in pain. Clint rolls his eyes.
Nat and Clint are set down on a higher level than Tony, Steve, Thor and I enter through, and by the time we make it into the capsized ship Klaue is squatting in, they’re well out of sight.
Clint takes the wheel, lifting the jet off the ground gently and navigating us into cloud cover expertly.
“Этот человек. Я знаю его, не правда ли?”
And I don't know whether to laugh or cry, because Tony is alive and he is safe. And Steve and Thor and even the Hulk are smiling.
She's grown out and straightened her hair since the last time I'd seen her.
“One minute, Cam,” Maria says in my ear, voice urgent.
"The good-looking guy in the sunglasses, your 10 o'clock," Sam replies. The SHIELD agent turns in the opposite direction, and I sigh out loud. "Your other 10 o'clock," Sam corrects. Down in the plaza, I see Sam move and tip his drink towards Sitwell. "There you go."
And then Steve is charging forwards, leaping over the hood of the car that the Soldier is hidden behind as a metal hand snatches the gun off of the roof of the car.
find out about the rest of my past. Five people that I trust is fine, but four virtual strangers is way past the point where I put my foot down. And that’s assuming Clint hasn’t told Loki about me yet.
There’s no response, which leaves Steve with one option.
"Dramatic effect," our partner replies, staight-faced. Steve looks wary, and begins to back away slowly. Natasha holds up a hand. "Calm down, Rogers, I'm not here to bring you in. This one" —she points at me, sticking her phone back into her pocket with her other hand— "has something to tell you." I shoot Nat a look, before grabbing both her and Clint by the wrist, trusting Steve to follow us into a room opposite of the vending machine Clint and I had met Nat outside of.
“You think Fury’s hiding something?” Rogers asks skeptically. Well, it sounds like a question, but seems like a statement.
~~~~~
if he knows exactly what the fuck is going on.
“Nukes?” Nat asks, frowning. “He said he wanted us dead.”
“He’ll be more powerful than any of us except maybe wonder girl, but she’d have to get close enough to touch him,” Tony confirms. “Maybe all of us, if that’s the case.” He shakes his head. “An android designed by a robot.”
****Sooooo much Russian. Google Translate is my bitch. Оставь нас means 'leave us'
, hello mama bear. This isn’t something that I’m used to. Displays of obvious caring like this. Natasha and Clint care in their own ways, but this is Caring in the more mainstream way. Or, well, as mainstream as it gets with superheroes. “You and Tony” —and I nearly choke on my tea, because what— “don’t seem to have solid support systems outside one or two people.” Steve huffs out a long sigh, and I hear him shift slightly. “You worry me, you know,” he confesses, so quietly that if I didn’t have enhanced hearing then I probably would’ve never heard him. “Well. Not you, but what happened to you. Back then. With them.”
Tony is in the next room over, visible only through a portion of the wall that’s cut out and bordered with shelves to hold various vases.
“I know you’ve suffered—“
I'm glad. I don't think I could handle seeing his face.
“Hinojosa, You’ve got to get out of there,” Stark says.
I hate doctors and hospitals. Not just because they were constantly prodding and poking, but because they asked questions. Questions are hard to answer if you don’t quite know the answers to, and with the type of queries the doctors I see usually throw my way, it’s rare that I ever know the answer.
“I’d be fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s have to heat the cube to a hundred and twenty million Kelvin just to break the Coulomb barrier," Banner says. He's still pacing, but stops now.
The door to my room creaks open quietly, and I stiffen instinctively, thinking of the vent cover that I’d left on the floor in my haste to cram myself into the air ducts.
"Can't run everywhere," Steve interjects, buckling his seatbelt.
“You think I’m a child of Ultron,” the vision says. His tone implies statement, wording that of a question.
“Borrowed,” the super soldier corrects, the sound of a purring engine audible in the background.
Before anyone can get any further than that, though, the sound of human feet against floor becomes audible.
"It's not just analysis or pulling SHIELD files, Clint," I hiss. "It's from memory. And this memory didn't feel like mine, it felt like I was shoved into an entirely different body and viewed everything from their perspective." Clint leans back against the wall, face intentionally blank.
The flight from Seoul over to New York is long, but not necessarily gruelling. I catch up on hours of missed sleep despite Pietro and Wanda huddled in one corner of the stolen
“Drop me on the roof!” Steve yells. I glance down at the truck, catching sight of Ultron rising up in front of it.
Paying no mind to the twins’ disappearance, I heave in a shaking breath and shake my head vigorously. The red doesn’t go away, simply warps and changes. The sound of my boots against the catwalk sounds like it’s coming from down a tunnel.
A loud beep has Tony turning back to his computer, and Steve takes his moment of vulnerability as opportunity to throw his shield. Tony turns in a heartbeat, gauntlet appearing seemingly out of thin air to blast the vibranium disc away. A jet from his repulsor sends Steve crashing back. Another one is sent my way but I twist away, kicking off and flying at Tony.
Visits to the Tower (nicknamed the Avengers Tower, since all of us had a place there) were regular. Movie nights were disasters. Bruce, Tony and Steve are living there full-time, and I would but it's a little far from Tandon.
"Really sorry, but I just broke up with my ex and she's here with another girl," I mutter into the girl's ear. Thankfully, she catches on quick and laughs, slipping an arm around my shoulders.
“Turn and run or kick their butts,” the two recite dutifully.
"That's a tough way to live."
~~~~~
Thanks for reading! :) Enjoy.
"Dude, Captain America needs my help," Sam says, smiling. "There's no better reason to get back in." Steve looks hesitant, but doesn't try to persuade Sam to leave.
"Steve was hammering those buttons like they were whatever was left of Hydra," Clint points out dryly. Natasha sighs.
"Shhhh, you're not helping," I grumble, poking him with my boot. He yelps.
"Fury was right about that ship," Natasha murmurs. I merge a four with another four. "Somebody's trying to hide something." I strain to hear anything over a slight increase of customers. "This drive is protected by some sort of AI. It keeps rewriting itself to counter my commands."
“Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won’t re-engage without a jump!” Stark yells over the sound of screeching metal. “I’m going to have to get in there and push.”
He looks up, vision (hah) clear and unclouded. “Maybe I am a monster,” he says, almost conversationally. “I don’t think I’d know if I were one. I’m not what you are, and not what you intended.” He turns, back to me and facing towards Thor. “So there may be no way to make you trust me. But we need to go.”
I groan, turning over on my side, before approaching footsteps make my head snap up.
"Nice call," Tony says. "What else you got?"
“JARVIS was the first line of defense,” Steve reasons. “He would’ve shut Ultron down, it makes sense.”
“Well, you might not like this one as much,” Clint replies. “Guess who decided to pop up again? I’ll give you a hint: he’s got one eye.”
“Why does your “vision” sound like JARVIS?” Steve asks. He’s maintaining his Captain voice and visage, but there are cracks beginning to show.
The gunfire has died down, which I take to mean that one of the others have taken care of the Hydra agents. All’s quiet on the bridge, so I figure that Sam has himself handled too.
I don’t want to be the cause of America’s most patriotic Boy Scout breaking down in my room at two in the morning over a name.
A pause.
“Not now!” I help, yanking the unelectrified cord back and ducking under a punch aimed for the head, aiming a hit of my own at the sternum. It’s blocked by the Soldier’s flesh hand, and I know better than to let him get a good hold on me, because I’ve trained with Steve and super strength, no matter how much of a match for it I was, was a no no. Bracing my feet, I lean back and yank my yank my hand out of the Soldier’s grip, using the momentum to twist around and collect the rest of my whip for another strike.
Bruce looks up. “Ultron isn’t just a machine,” he says. “He’s an AI. He can assimilate new forms. The real question is has anyone been in contact with Helen Cho?”
"Nat, what are you doing?" Clint demands, obvious surprise in his voice.
Tony retreats.
“The strongest metal on earth,” Tony says, all lightheartedness void from his tone.
“I think I get what you’re saying,” Steve says softly. “And I also think that you’re making progress. And I’m glad that you feel comfortable telling me things like that.”
“Still.”
“The genie’s out of that bottle,” Natasha quips bitterly. “Clear and present is Ultron.”
And where it meets the sky, a massive black hole begins to grow.
“Sir, we have more incoming,” I hear JARVIS’s mechanical voice say.
"Seven secure," Clint says.
"Change much?" Clint asks dryly.
~~~~~
I??? Am so??? Sorry??? I promise that I have been trying to keep on writing. After this chapter, I’m going to try and keep up a consistent publishing schedule. But one thing I can guarantee is that there is not going to be a massive, unannounced and unplanned hiatus like there was between chapters 13 and 14. (Even if this break between chapters was kinda turning into something similar.) So here’s another update, extra-long to make up for the hiatus.
"So, y'know how my anti-electricity thing is kinda like a shield, right?" The genius grunts in understanding. "What the gloves do is dampen that shield, but not just around my hands, my entire body." A bitter grin twists my mouth as I move on to the next box. "I had 'em on when SHIELD dug me up, but I grew out of them. SHIELD dismantled the old ones, figured out how to make new ones. Not exactly the best for summer, but at least I don't have to worry about shutting down something important whenever I wear a tank top."
~~~~~
“Girlfriend,” Clint replies, straight-faced. My jaw tightens in an attempt to keep the laughter from spilling out.
“Tell me you’re an actual adult when you wake up before noon without somebody shooting at you,” Kate replies. A pause. “Lucky wants to see you. I think he’s lonely.”
The first one hits the ground at the brunette’s feet, exploding with putty.
After the day (was it a day? Time zones are the fucking worst.) that we’d had, I don’t blame them for the latter.
Hopefully.
“If we hack the mainframe and reroute to the Homer cluster, we can do it in about six hundred teraflops.” Banner sighs, pushing his glasses up the bridge of his nose. Idly, I wonder how much he spends on glasses every time he turns into the Hulk. And on pants.
“He’s easy to track,” Nick says dismissively. “He’s everywhere. Guy’s multiplying faster than a Catholic rabbit. Still doesn’t help us get an angle on any of his plans, though.”
“Well, it better get real simple real soon,” Clint says, pulling the attention off of me.
“Never mind, I see you.”
“I spent a good ten years dealing with things by myself,” I say carefully. “Or, I mean, I thought I did. Because I never told anyone, really, but some of them seemed to know.” There is sorrow clawing it’s way up from my stomach, working its way up my throat and lodging itself there in an attempt to block my words. I’m not sure how to feel about how comfortable I am with carving a cavity to force the words through. “And when I left, I realized just how much I wasn’t dealing when I didn’t have people to help. And I did bad things. Like, not bad-bad things, but things. And…” I groan, tipping my head to rest against the vents. “And I wanted to just stop. Stop being, I guess. But not completely, I don’t think. And I stopped with the bad things. But they left marks. They definitely left marks. And, uh. I didn’t like the marks, so I covered them up. And being back, that’s just peeling the shitty paint job off. And I’m not sure how to feel about it, but I know that I don’t want to stop anymore. And I don’t want to stop stopping either, so. There’s that. And. God. That must have been so confusing, I don’t know how to—“
“It’s just something small. A project that we can work on while we’ve got time to get out of state.”
“Wait,” Tony says, leaning over to look at a file Bruce is holding. “I know that guy.”
I saunter forwards, hands in my pockets and rifle slung over one shoulder.
"Sooooo, Nat," I say, turning slowly to face her. "Anything you want to tell us?" Clint leans back in his chair, bow propped up beside him.
"What the shit what?" Natasha says. I jump, and so does Clint.
There are people running towards us, so we push against them. Screams as gunshots are heard. Clint and I only run faster.
~~~~~
The Soldier has already collected himself, standing dead center in the middle of the catwalk and barring the way to the control panel. I can’t see Steve’s expression from behind him, but I can almost feel the sheer amount of sadness pouring off of the blonde in waves.
“Humankind. Loki’s jab at Fury about the cube.”
“But we need to have faith in what he does,” Steve insists. “We need to trust that after Ultron, Tony’s learned his lesson.”
“I’m. Working. On. It,” the other girl grits out, expression strained.
“Steve,” I say gently. “I want to you think real hard and look past that stubborn faith and see that he’s
“Oh, we will,” the other Maximoff twin says patronisingly. Her eyes are rimmed with a dark eyeshadow and the hard glint to them reminds me of a different set of determined eyes. Green ones set against caramel skin.
Not like you.
"You two kissed?" Clint demands.
The rest of the team is rounded up and directed to the lab, where Nat sits in front of a computer. We all crowd around her, facing Steve who’s standing a bit to the side of the computer. He hands a StarkPad to Thor, whose face grows dark when he sees whatever’s on it.
"Alright, let's go!" Steve commands as the next wave approaches. I lunge across the space separating my opponents from me, bringing my whip around and scything down a few before they can reach for their weapons.
"Clint, get up on the roof with Cam," Steve intructs. Sam, you're the only one who SHIELD isn't looking for, so that means you're going to have to be the one who makes the call. Natasha and I will be waiting just inside the building for you when you get there. Clint, as soon as Sitwell is in the building, hide. Sitwell doesn't need to know that we have you."
“Incoming,” Clint says, grinning as Lucky barks, tail wagging at top speed, and two kids round the corner to barrel into the blonde’s legs.
Soft footsteps. I whip around instantly, handgun coming up to aim at whoever had snuck up on me.
"Not anymore," Natasha replies. "Pack your stuff, come over to DC. Bring Clint, Fury has a mission for us."
"Most jackass leaders I meet like to hide where they can control everything without being seen so that it lowers the risk of them being seen," the blonde replies. He tilts his head. "In other words, the control room."
He stumbles, tipping backwards, but one of his hands manages to turn into a sort of propulsion jet and keep him upright.
Seven speeders crash to the ground, and I roll out of the way of a volley of lasers. Sure, they won’t permanently damage and/or fry me, but they still hurt to get hit with. I fire off another round, ducking behind an overturned car for shelter. Peeking over the hood, I fire six more shots and hear an explosion in the distance. There’s a
On top of the file is a picture of three men, each in some sort of rig with a lot of belts and buckles.
The crash it makes when it slams into the ground makes me wince, and the plane digs into the ground before bumping into a building as it shudders to a stop. I can see movement through the clear glass of the cockpit, so I touch down, hurrying over as the cargo door opens. Steve leads the way, Nat and Clint on his heels.
The dreams come and go.
"About nine minutes from" —there's the click of the hard drive being inserted— "now."
“Right here,” I reply, turning visible once I’m hovering near the ceiling. Banner's eyebrows rise, making an attempt to merge with his hairline. Rogers looks suitably shell-shocked, and I laugh as I float down onto the table. "I’d rather not demonstrate it now, but I’m immune to all forms of energy except force, light and sound,” I explain. “Really irritating when you’re trying to tan, but useful when you’re being electrocuted.
You really do sound like a robot.
I shove Clint's hand off of my shoulder, leave the same way Steve did. I can't face this. Not now.
“She’s… Nathaniel,” Laura says, smiling softly and placing her hand on her stomach.
My radio crackles, startling me, but I manage to jam my reaper into an alien gun and yank it out of the Chitauri's hands.
"Exactly," the brunette declares. He turns around. "Raise the mizzenmast. Ship at top sails." I can practically hear the techs in the room rolling their eyes.
It barely takes a tug for the whip to fall out of my hands, and the man tosses it aside.
No reply comes through that I can hear, and even if I know that my dampeners are off and my comms are down, a sick feeling crawls its way out of the dark recesses of my mind. Stomach clenching unpleasantly, I fly up to the catwalks, landing softly. The gunfire has been silenced, no more mercenaries left. I can hear scrambling feet below, most likely the last few that Klaue is sending up.
“There’s a snowballs chance in hell of that ever happening,” I inform the trickster. “Best bet is you lose Barton and the inevitable war. And that’s the
"If you're already working in a secret office," Steve mutters, using one hand to pull the shelf away, "why do you need to hide the elevator?" There's a set of doors in front of us, and a keypad off to one side. Natasha holds her StarkPhone up to it, and numbers quickly pop up on the screen, which she types into the keypad. A light above it turns green, and the doors whoosh open.
“Cam, do you have eyes on Nat?” Clint reiterates with the same urgent frenzy.
“I think I’ve had my fill of new,” Steve says flatly.
"I don't know. The truth is a matter of circumstance. It's not all things to all people, all the time. Neither am I."
“Yeah,” Clint scoffs. “Her seal of approval means jack to me.”
Meanwhile, Avengering is same as always.
spy. His secrets have secrets.” He pauses to pop a handful of whatever is in the silver bag into his mouth. “It’s bugging him too, isn’t it?” the brunette continues without hesitation, gesturing at Banner.
"Should've known that you'd only get out of bed fo food," the supersoldier says. I stick my tongue out at him, but then Sam sets down a plate of eggs and bacon in front of me and I'm distracted for a good while.
“Cam?” My eyes snap open, and I don’t even remember closing them. Clint looks at me worriedly.
“It’s a
Steve climbs into the car, and the other man sinks into a crouch.
I duck a blow from Ultron, one hand slipping into my jacket to grab a knife, jamming it up into what would be a human rib cage. Ultron stumbles back as electricity travels up my arm, and I curse at the sharp, zapping pinpricks of pain that flash across my skin.
“But back then you handled it because you didn’t have a choice,” I point out. “You’re with the Avengers now. You’ve got a choice.”
~~~~~
“When they come, and they will, they’ll come for you,” the billionaire says firmly, determination lacing his voice. He walking forwards as he speaks, confidence so real that I almost buy that he’s absolutely unafraid. But there’s no such thing as a human without fear, and I know that for a fact. Everyone gets scared. Tony is no exception, as invulnerable as he may appear to others.
"Just get to your posts."
Bad: Nat is with Ultron.
“But there wasn’t anyone else in the building,” Maria points out.
“The Avengers cannot defeat Ultron,” Thor explains.
“Just drop me!”
“That’s bullshit and we both know it,” I reply, adding a bit of milk to the eggs, followed by a few pinches of the chives. “You’re lucky I came when I did, else it’d be Steve forcing you to eat.” There’s silence as I whisk the eggs before pouring the mixture into the pan.
I would nod, but by now I've concluded that any sort of movement will cause me pain, so I settle for just looking at Ciint. He smirks, raising his hands again, but there's a knock on the door.
The front of the beast tips over the side of the bridge, and as the smoke begins to clear I can hear the sounds of Chitauri roaring their disproval. Hulk roars right back as the seven of us circle up, readying our weapons. Clint pulls an arrow from his quiver, nocking, drawing and sighting along the rise of his bow; Thor readjusts his grip on Mjölnir; Nat reloads her guns; Steve brings his shield up in a defensive position; Tony fires up his repulors with a whine; I holster my handguns, taking out my whip.
Now that I’m not fighting one of the world’s deadliest assassins, my body is finally registering all of the pain. I hiss quietly as another STRIKE member comes up behind me, yanking my hands back and forcing cold silver cuffs onto my wrists.
“I’ll meet you at the car,” I say gruffly, kicking off into the air.
“We can’t go anywhere,” I mumble under my breath. Releasing the slack body of the mercenary, I vault over the side and make a beeline for the catwalks opposite, hidden under a ledge that Clint might not be able to get without some wicked rebound shots. Bullets ping off of metal behind me. “Every time. Every single fucking time.”
I snort, pressing the heels of my palms against my burning eyes. “Are any of us?”
“Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew,” I rasp in rapid succession, nearly gagging as the hand around my throat goes slack. I remove the limb quickly, dropping it out of the sky. Another laser hits me, and I grunt in pain. “Alright, that’s it. I’m going glass.”
“What were you doing on the Lemurian Star?” Steve presses, backing Sitwell towards the edge of the roof. Nat comes to stand beside me, arms crossed.
Steve nods, and then he's taking off, bouncing off walls until he's close enough to fire a special SHIELD-issued grappling hook. Clint salutes me jokingly before following Nat over the side of the railing. I hurry after Steve, but take a short cut and just fly up. Steve meets me at the top, beckoning me behind a portion of wall. The wait is excruciating, but necessary. STRIKE needs to be ready to do what their name suggests, and Nat and Clint need to secure the engine room before we can attack Batroc.
Clint’s expression tightens from where he’s leaned up against the railing of the staircase leading into the lab, arms propped up on the railing.
“I know, I know,” I snap, taking the chip out quickly. The first time I try and slot it into the empty space it misses and I swear. I try again, miss that time too. Gritting my teeth, I grip my wrist with my other hand and slip the chip in. The tray of targeting blades slide back in.
“Never should’ve gotten rid of the wheelies,” I mutter. Natasha raises an eyebrow.
, he was older. His brain was wired one way, and they couldn’t change it completely like they could’ve with me. And. I dunno. They—fuck, I dunno. His mind fuckery is different.“
Narrowing my eyes, I start searching for any loopholes, things that I could have missed. Something out of place. SHIELD wasn’t this easy to hack. Something’s up.
I make it through the rest of the year of college and prepare to enjoy a summer of relaxation and full-time secret agenting.
"Don't" —I whip out a knife, jamming it deep into the head of a Chitauri. Over to my right, I can see Clint being tackled by anothe alien— "die!" Nat got ahold of one of the alien's guns, and uses it to shoot one in the head before spinning into a crouch and firing another shot straight through another Chitauri's chest. Clint staggers upright, arrow jammed firmly in the chest of the alien that had tackled him.
The nurses charge the defibrillator, press the two electrodes to Nick's chest.
“They don’t need to be protected,” Bruce says, suddenly and so quietly that I’m sure most of us have to double check to make sure he actually spoke. “They need to evolve,” the doctor adds, looking up at the room at large. “Ultron’s going to evolve.”
My eyes narrow, meeting Clint’s from across the room. At my sides, my fingers twitch.
"Hey," Clint grunts, tumbling into the car beside me. I roll my eyes, rubbing my temples. Fucking metabolism meant no Advil. Or any other sort of over the counter drug. I can't even ask for the special, heavy-duty shit that SHIELD provides me because I'm going on an op and I can't have a cloudy head.
He opens his mouth to say something else, but something slams onto the roof of the car, denting it. Everyone’s heads snap up just as something metal slams through the roof of the car and grabs Sitwell by the back of the suit, yanking him out of the car through the roof.
"Pierce," Steve says almost immediately.
“For the love of—“
Apart from those two, the rest of the team is relatively unscathed, but we all need to go into medical for a mandatory checkup, implemented after Clint had hidden three bullet wounds after a skirmish with some AIM soldiers. Bruce wanders into the waiting room to say a quick hello before disappearing once more; we hadn’t brought the Hulk out because the pterodactyls and Doombots had been running around a residential area. We’d spent a good twenty minutes evacuating the place before we’d had the opportunity to kick ass without worrying about civilian injuries.
“We’re the Avengers,” the genius says. “We can bust arms dealers all the live long day, but that up there? That’s… that’s the end game.”
Something shoots out of his hand, flying directly at me, and I move out of the way and catch it on instinct. It’s a grappling hook, but built more like my whip. Small, compact, sturdy.
"Guys, we got a bogey," Natasha warns. "Short range ballistic. 30 seconds tops."
"Do it."
"So, Cam," Clint begins carefully. I tense. "Now that this is all over you're going back, right?" I nod slowly. "And you're going to Tandon School of Engineering?" I nod again, this time a little more confident. "Look, I'm not saying you have to, but Phil said that you lived all the way over in East Williamsburg, and I checked and saw that Bed Stuy was closer and I already have an apartment there and I was wondering if you wanted to maybe move in?" There's a beat of silence. "Like, you don't need to be involved in any of the SHIELD stuff, but I thought that it would be nice for you to be closer to your college, and..."
“Just be ready,” Nat says shortly, slightly out of breath. “I’m sending the package to you.”
“Stark, we’re losing altitude,” Rogers warns.
“That’s just great,” I grouse, slamming the butt of my gun into the chest of a Doombot and leaving a sizeable dent as well as pushing it back a few steps. “What about Daredevil?” I shoot another through the head while I have the breathing space. “We’re practically on the boundary of Hell’s Kitchen, why can’t he come up a few blocks and help the fuck out?”
Natasha watches the two disappear into an elevator with a wicked glint in her eyes that promises something fun for her but probably traumatic for others. When she looks at you like that, you
"Cognitive recalibration,” Natasha replies quickly, jumping in before any more damage can happen. “I hit you really hard on the head.” I muster the courage to look up, try to lock any thoughts of Phil out. The look that Clint is giving Nat makes me drop my eyes again. It’s intense, and it’s hurt, and it’s a little bit scared. A lot scared, actually.
“Ultron got away, look out guys,” I say, pressing a hand to my ear. Pietro looks at me questioningly as he scrambles to his feet, and I wave him off as I push myself upright.
“Fantastic,” I murmur, bending down to grab the back of Nat’s knees in order to sweep her into a bridal carry. “Hauling heavy asses back and forth. Sounds terrific.”
"Invited," Zola replies simply. Steve glances at Natasha as I relax my grip on his bicep ever-so-slightly. The redhead has a look of sudden realization.
Hah. Think straight. Not me, that's for sure.
"So, the real question is, how do the four most wanted people in Washington kidnap a SHIELD officer in broad daylight," Steve concludes grimly.
"I am not a recording, Fraulien," the computer says mildly. "I may not be the man I was when the Captain took me prisoner in 1945." On another screen, a fuzzy black and white picture of a grumpy-looking man with the same round glasses as the computer pops up. "But I am." As soon as my eyes skip over to the picture, I gasp and clap a hand to my forehead as a searing headache makes my vision white out for a moment.
"I'm sure they have a good reason," the redhead replies.
~~~~~
Pacing around behind the conference table is a raven-haired man dressed in a purple shirt. Not hard to tell who he is; even in human form, Bruce Banner, aka the Hulk, is unmistakeable. Definitely not someone I'd want to steal chips from.
“Ты больше не ее.”
Question answered, Bruce’s haze drifts back towards Vision. “If we’re wrong about you,” he says hesitantly, softly, “if you’re the monster that Ultron made you to be…”
Ultron makes to advance, but bars surrounded by glowing red energy fly up to block his path.
“You’ve gotta be shitting me,” I grumble, holstering my guns and reaching down to grab my whip. Another turn is coming up soon, and I crack my whip. I risk a glance behind me, turn drawing ever closer. “You better follow me around this corner, you stupid dinosaur,” I mutter.
The force of the energy makes me stagger, but I hold my ground until Ultron shuts the beam off.
Brock Rumlow, from the STRIKE unit assigned to this op, has pulled up an image of a massive ship.
"I can't ask you to do this, Sam," the supers oldies says sadly, brow furrowed and face reminiscent to that of a kicked puppy. "You got out for a good reason."
“Three minutes,” Steve says, Captain voice slipping. “Get what you need.”
Natasha snorts, fingers moving to grip my hand. “I’ve gone soft,” she murmurs. “If even that birdbrain noticed, I don’t know what I’m going to do now. My days as a spy are over.”
"Rogers, Steven," an automated voice says. There's an accent, something European. Possibly Swedish, maybe Dutch. "Born 1918. Romanoff, Natalia Alianovna, born 1984. Barton, Clinton, born 1971. Subject 009, birthdate classified." I can feel my eyes widen involuntarily, and I take a step forwards.
"If it's all the same to you, I'll have that drink now." I sheathe my reapers, striding forwards and throw my strongest right hook at the god of mischief. He's out like a light before his body even hits the floor.
“I think it’s about the mechanics,” Banner cuts in quickly. “Iridium, what did they need the iridium for?”
“Nope, nothing, wondergirl. Keep doing your thing, I’m almost there,” the genius replies.
“Sokovia,” Clint answers in Vision’s stead. “He’s got Nat there too.”
Despite Steve and Tony’s big talk, nothing really
“The river. That’s where he’ll be.”
“I heard it,” Rogers replies, shifting stiffly.
The familiar whine of repulsors greets me when I flip over a laser, landing on my hands and using the momentum from the flip to propel myself into the back of a nearby alien. The impact from the flip jarrs my wrists, and the actual impact from kicking the Chitauri had sent me tumbling into a backroll, but it's worth it when the alien I had collided with flails, wildy off balance, before toppling into another small group of its fellow soldiers. A few more aliens are taken out with the now-familiar white energy from Tony's repulsors, and all of a sudden the crackle of
"Hey, that's Sitwell," Clint says, peering at the photo. "Phil..." He swallows. "Phil was on sick leave, he was our handler for a month, remember?" I nod shortly, stomping down on the memories that gush from that reopened wound. This was not the time to be distracted. Now was the time to focus so that nobody else would be killed.
“So he’s building another portal,” Banner says, bringing us back to the original topic. He has his glasses out, fiddles with them as he talks. “That’s what he needs Erik Selvig for.”
Still, I don't get much time to consider that, because as fast as Natasha, Steve and I take down these bastards, more take their place. I can barely keep up with it, and it gets to the point where I need a breather. So I make myself some space.
"Captain Rogers?" I hear. "Captain Rogers?" I glance at Clint, and he beckons to the window.
"No, you can't," the other man agrees. Clint kicks the back of Steve's seat like a five-year-old.
He offers the file back to Bruce, but Thor intercepts it. “There are conventions, alright?” Tony says defensively upon seeing Steve’s Disappointed Mom Look. “You meet people. I didn’t sell him anything. He was talking about finding something new, a game changer. It was all very “Ahab.””
“But, Steve—“
Sirens alert me to the presence of the police, and I jump out of hiding as a small fleet of speeders zoom by overhead, heading for the officers. Whipping around, I fire seven more shots. Shoving the empty handgun back into its place on my belt, I use the nearest falling speeder as a springboard to boost my leap. I yank my whip out from its place in midair, using it to snag the neck of another Chitauri without activating it. The cord easily chops through the neck, decapitating the alien.
“Last night,” the genius replies casually. “The packet, Selvig’s notes, the Extraction Theory papers.” A blank look from the rest of the group. “Am I the only one who did the reading?” the billionaire asks exasperatedly. I raise my free hand as I begin screwing the lightbulb back on.
The train steamrollers through the dead end, onto another street, and flying debris rains in from all sides. I swear, dropping down, and a protective cover made of Steve’s shield quickly appears over me.
“Ah,” Maria Hill says, taking off her helmet. “That thing was squeezing my brain.” She glances at Sam, wiping sweat from her forehead. “Who’s this guy?”
“Holding up the damn base and buying you more time!” I yell, grunting as I force myself up a little higher, trying to keep the massive airship balanced. “Move your ass, ‘cause I’m not sure if I can hold this indefinitely.” My response is met by the sounds of shrieking metal, which makes me wince. The base drops half an inch on my side, and I swear vehemently as I shove it back into place.
“Come on,” Tony chokes out, hands scrabbling at Thor’s own. “Use your words, buddy.”
"Alright," Tony breathes. "Hey. Alright." He's grinning now. "Good job, guys. Let's just not come in tomorrow. Let's just... take a day." The genius strains to look at the Hulk. "Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it.”
“Not at all,” the redhead replies slyly, smirking. “It just so happens that after the doctors had finished with Tony’s checkup and patched up Steve, the door to Steve’s room locked. By some terrible coincidence, Tony was in there checking in on the Captain, and nobody seems to be able to find the key to the room. Even JARVIS can’t figure out how to unlock the door.” Nat sighs. “Seems like they’re locked in for the foreseeable future.”
"I get a hundred bucks out of that," I say.
“What’s he waiting for?” Tony asks, almost managing to startle me.
“That’s a negative,” Clint is saying. “I answer to you. Yes, ma’am.”
late,” I protest.
Shoving Tony into one of the bar stools at the counter and telling him to stay, I rummage around in the fridge.
"Avengers, do you hear me?" I drop a few feet before steadying myself. "We have a missile headed straight for the city."
"Is that what we are?" the supersoldier asks.
“We don’t have to break anything,” Thor says in a valiant attempt at negotiation. I cross my arms so as to discreetly remove my dampening bracelets, slipping them into the pocket of my cargo jacket.
"Captain, a bank on 42nd past Madison," Clint informs us. "They cornered a lot of civilians in there."
Pietro twitches beside me.
“Now, Maria!” I exclaim, because the Soldier had gotten enough leverage to flip Steve over and escape the chokehold and he’s heading straight for me. I bring my reapers up to protect my face from the metal arm heading straight towards it, the blades jamming themselves into the Soldier’s arm. I wrench them out, ducking as a shield flies forwards, slamming into the Soldier’s chest.
“Не долго, я не думаю.”
And yet, I can't move. Because this isn't something that I signed up for, and there's an entire army of aliens in front of me.
“Oh, you’re on, tin can.” I roll to my feet, slipping my mask and safety goggles on as I do, pushing off with all my strength. I shoot ahead of Iron Man, but we’re both heading in the same direction: right into the swarm of hostile aliens. “Go left, I’ve got right,” I say into the radio, slamming my wrists together. There’s a satisfying
Tell Laura that she might have some visitors.
“How will your friends have time for me,” the god says, eyes slightly manic as he advances forward a step or two, “when they’re so busy fighting you?” With a speed almost impossible to register, he brings the scepter up and taps it against Tony’s chest. But there only a clink. Both he and the billionaire look down at it in surprise. The god tries again. “This usually works!” he mutters confusedly.
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose.
“Captain Righteous just stole a motorcycle,” Clint informs everyone.
Right. Mojo.
“No dramatic rainbow bridge exits!” I call after the two. “I spent two hours mowing that lawn, you don’t get to screw it up!”
Unfortunately for me, Loki is a god with inhuman reflexes and he manages to dive out of the way. He comes up with a murderous expression, and I have to leap out of the way of the golden scepter that cleaves through the air with godly speed. Spinning to the side, I swing a leg out to knock Loki’s knees out from under him. He falls, but grasps my leg and pulls me forward.
"Agent Hill, please tell me what a kid is doing here?"  the blonde asks stiffly. I roll my eyes, crossing my arms as I stride across the room in order to pull out a chair. It makes a scraping noise as I pull it out. No wheelies for me. Shame. That prank really was one of the best.
The entire back of my body is stinging like crazy, but I push past the pain. Rolling my shoulders with a slight grimace, I climb out the broken window carefully. There's barely enough time for me to register that Steve is pinned by a Chitauri before four lasers hit me in the side and send me flying. My whip goes one way, dislodged from my belt when the force of the lasers sent me crashing into the side of a car, but there's no time to retrive it before the Chitauri begin firing again.
Ten minutes later, everyone is gathered in the penthouse of an absolutely totalled Stark Tower, weapons all aimed at Loki. The demigod raises his hands in surrender.
All the weight that the Soldier had been putting into pulling me back suddenly has nothing to balance it, and he crashes to the ground just as the door to the control room slams open to reveal Steve, shield held up defensively, probably from ramming the door that I hadn’t noticed the Soldier lock behind him.
"I just need arrows, Lynx," he says gruffly. "Doesn't matter how much blood is on them."
“Oh, I thought the beast had wandered off,” Loki replies with a sneer, waving his scepter. But behind the facade I can see that his stance is wide and defensive, tense, wound up and ready to attack or react at the slightest notice.
“The Chitauri are coming, nothing will change that,” the god states confidently. He turns back toward us abruptly, no trace of doubt on his face. “What have I to fear?”
"So did I," Steve says. "This camp is where I was trained." Natasha is walking around, StarkPhone held aloft. Probably scanning for something to pinpoint where, exactly, the file was from.
"Hey, maybe swing by the Tower sometime, if I can get a look at those gloves then I may be able to hook you up with something subtler," Tony suggests.
“Can anyone get to Times Square?” Sam asks. “There’s a T-Rex rampaging here and I’ve got my hands full with a four-winged pterodactyl.”
“Stalling me won’t change anything,” Loki says, in a tone that clearly communicates how highly he thinks of himself.
"Do you have it?" Natasha asks without preamble. I give her my best clueless look. Clint is better at this than me. He's a pro at acting clueless even if he knows exactly what the fuck is going on.
Neatly folded inside is a simple black bulletproof vest, along with tight black pants and shining silver armguards laid on top. A wide black belt is expertly coiled beside the outfit, along with a silver cord attached to a handle in order to form a whip. A matching black mask sits beside the belt and whip, in the shape of a lynx’s snout. Above the mask is a pair of goggles with tinted lenses that look a lot like shades. Carefully, I lift the armguards out, setting them to one side in order to reach the vest and pants underneath. They're both black, both Kevlar and both relics of a past that I'm now forced to relive.
"Was that your first kiss since 1945?" Natasha asks bluntly. I swear, nearly dropping my pen, and Clint's legs jerk, sending my worksheets flying.
"Hang on!" Natasha calls. Muffled thuds.
The farm (“Ranch!” I can almost hear Clint protest) looks exactly like I’d left it a few weeks ago. The curtains upstairs twitch, and I smile quietly to myself as we near the porch.
“Where?” Bruce pipes up.
Someone calls me in the middle of the night, on one of the rare ones that I get any sleep at all. Needless to say, I'm a little pissy when I pick up.
Tony brings one hand out from its place behind his back to give a small wave, and Laura smiles nervously. “I… know all your names.”
But the train is still fucking going.
There’s a farm out in the middle of Iowa that Clint owns.
"Hydra died with the Red Skull," Steve insists with narrow eyes. The screen flickers, and a logo that I still have nightmares about pops up in Zola's face's place.
Behind him, Legionnaires fly out of the open back of the truck, heading towards the Quinjet—the source of the surprise attack.
"Look, Fury gave me a separate mission," she explains. "One that didn't involve protecting the hostages. That's why he called for you two."
I’d feel bad for Steve and Tony if not for the fact that they’d been dancing around each other for nearly two years.
Reining in my speed carefully, I tilt a bit to the left in order to allow Stark more room to maneuver without risk of brushing against me and tumbling into the sea. The billionaire glances at me for a second, jerking his head forwards. I nod, and we both speed up, heading for the Stark Tower that I can see from across the city.
A gag gift from Natasha taken seriously.
“They’re in Africa dealing with a rogue magician, so Doom decided to pick on us today,” Natasha replies dryly.
"I'm out of arrows," Clint grumbles. I roll my eyes.
"Uuuuh, mostly techs," Rumlow says, swiping off of the picture and pulling up a list of names with pictures beside them. "One officer." He clicks on a picture, and it enlargens.
“Steve doesn’t like that kind of talk,” Nat murmurs quietly, the corners of her mouth quirking up.
“Don’t sweat it, I see you,” I call looping around. I angle myself down, eyeing the identified truck. As I draw closer, I can see Steve climbing up the door.
Translations for the Russian all in order. Routine disclaimer: I do not speak Russian.
I want you to take this knife and use it to kill that girl.
I veer to the side in order to give Stark enough room to land on the big landing pad. I’m careful as I land further up the walkway once I realize what it does; parts of it are detaching, coming up to begin disassembling the Iron Man armor as Stark walks down it.
He's not allowed to cook dinner anymore.
"One more stop, and then we're swinging by SHIELD," the redhead informs us, pulling out of the parking lot.
“Following isn’t really my style,” Stark snarks back. I pop a handful of blueberries in my mouth.
“Five seconds, Cam, get out!” Maria yells in my ear.
"Thor's right," Tony agrees abruptly. "We've gotta deal with these guys. How do we do this?"
“Ms. Hinojosa, we have a problem here!” Rogers suddenly yells. The sound of gunfire follows his words. I groan, arms trembling with the effort of keeping the helicarrier level, even if only from one side.
“That’s just the prototype,” Stark replies proudly. “I’m kinda the only name in clean energy right now.” I roll my eyes.
The glass under Pietro’s feet shatters.
“JARVIS,” I hear the billionaire mutter, pushing himself to his feet. “Any time now.” I pause as Loki catches up to the other ravenette, seizing him by the throat this time.
“How do you want me to take it?” Clint asks.
Ultron doubles forwards unexpectedly, and I’m not prepared to counter his movement with a little push from my flight. I go flying forwards, losing my grip on my whip.
“Don’t,” the ex-Russian superspy says sharply. “Don’t do that to yourself, Clint. This is Loki. This is monsters and magic and nothing we were ever trained for.” I look up again, a little bit above both of their heads.
“Understood.”
"How'd you even know about that paper anyways?" I grumble, pushing Clint's door open. He's not in there, so I stagger down the hallway to check the kitchen.
“What’s this?” Tony asks, sauntering over to Thor. The demigod slams the StarkPad into the genius’ chest, turning away. I hop slightly in attempt to look over his shoulder, floating a few inches off of the ground. The image on the StarkPad has me raising an eyebrow.
“You know me,” Steve says, imploring.
“Oh, it’s definitely the end times,” Bruce mutters, glasses removed as he punches the bridge of his nose between two fingers.
“Ultron can’t tell the difference between saving the world and destroying it,” Wanda finally says grimly. “Where do you think he gets that?”
"If I run in these shoes, they're gonna fall off," Steve replies. Clint nudges me subtly, gesturing with the slightest tilt of his head. I follow his gaze. Apple Store. I change my direction ever-so-slightly, and Natasha does the same on the other side of the non-archer-blonde, steering him towards the store. Once we're in, Clint and I split off to "inspect" some computers.
“Hurry up with it, ‘cause my stamina isn’t infinite,” I warn. A grunt of confirmation from Stark, and then there’s a lot of clanging and bumping.
(See the end of the chapter for
The flash of memory is shoved aside as I hurry down the steps of the staircase. My safety goggles (an older pair I’d left behind last time I’d visited) bounce against my chest and hit me in the chin repeatedly, and I narrowly avoid running into Lila, who’s running about with a piece of paper covered in paint and crayon.
And then he jumps.
"Just because we can't take care of Lucky doesn't mean that we're being sent on a top-secret mission for the government."
"Ballistics?"
“Yet you’re confused about why they didn’t want you around?” Rogers replies scathingly, ignoring the food. I rap on the table to get Stark’s attention, making grabby hands at the blueberries. The genius tosses the bag over, and I catch it effortlessly.
“Humankind,” I chip in. “It’s less sexist.” I’d watched Nick interrogate Loki on the way up. Banner looks at me, vaguely bemused.
"I know, Nick," Steve snaps back. (Well, not quite snaps. He's a bit too Captain America to do that. More like states sternly in a tone that only sarcastic little shits use. i should know. It's a tone that I practically patented.) "That's the problem." I run the flannel under the cold water, wringing it out as Steve continues. "Who else knows about your wife?"
"Relax, it's not that complicated," Nat soothes.
"Three slugs, far as I could tell. It was dark, and I don't have enhanced vision. No rifling, as far as I could tell. Nothing traceable. Probably Soviet-made. Like, old-as-dirt Soviet shit, if any."
“Hey,” I say, trying to get into his field of vision. “Hey, birdbrain. Look at me.” Clint’s jaw drops, shock painted on his face. I bite my lip nervously. If I have to look at him any longer, I’m going to spill my guts out about Phil. “You’re going to be okay,” I say carefully, enunciating each word. Not too much, because I know that he hates when people think that he’s completely incapable of reading lips. “I’m going to unstrap you.”
“Narcissistic, but the aesthetic is nice,” I reply cheerfully, touching down lightly in order to bound across slate-grey floors. A chill washes over me, and the sound of an extra set of footsteps alerts me to Loki’s arrival. I pull my goggles up so that they hold the loose bits of hair out of my face.
“My, my,” he says. “So cats do have nine lives.”
"This is it?" Steve asks, climbing out of the truck.
~~~~~
“I don’t see why they don’t trust me to not do anything stupid,” Clint grumbles.
“You have fifteen seconds to get the hell out of there,” Maria says. I hesitate, perched on top of the railing that lines the catwalk.
The Soldier’s leg comes up and knocks the shield away, before slamming into Steve’s chest and sending him flying. The Captain tucks and rolls, landing with his shield held out in front of him. Clint looses the arrow just as the Soldier opens fire on the other blonde.
The benefits of being invisible: your enemy never sees you coming until you kill them. The small group is quickly disposed of, and I leap off the ground, heading down a block and slicing the head off of a few Chitauri on speeders. There’s a howl, and I look up to see a larger group of aliens heading for me, the
"I have unfinished business with Loki," the blonde demigod decalres. I snort.
"Important," the ex-Russian superspy says flatly. "And also classified."
"But you said that they weren't quite memories," he points out. I nod slowly.
"Why exactly do we need the Captain for this?" I groan. "Let the man live in peace."
"A little," Steve replies. I hum, arms crossed as I track Nat's progress around the building we're standing in front of.
"I never said pilot," Sam says with a small grin.
“You’re worse than Steve,” Tony grumbles as I pull out a pan. “Nagging and hovering, the both of you.”
"Cap, they want you back at SHIELD," Rumlow says.
“I do,” Rogers says, raising a hand like he’s a first grader. “I understood that reference.”
I shoot to my feet with a string of strong swears, running a hand through still-damp hair.
“Yeah, she’s cute,” the redhead comments.
~~~~~
Dead silence.
“I have an army,” Loki says defiantly, almost like a child. A child who’s the Norse god of mischief with a scepter that can mind control people, but a child nonetheless.
Surprisingly, Nat actually obeys, throwing a look at Steve. I rerun another string of code in my head before scribbling it down. She wants something from him, and she's probably going to get it. Natasha always does.
"An actual apology that isn't riddled with underhanded comments," I say. "That's some monumental shit right there." There's something more he wants to tell us, but he needs someone else to do it.
He raises a hand to his ear.
"That about sums it up," Maria says. I have to stop myself from jumping, because I hand't even noticed the second-in-command enter the room. The only thing that anchors me is the complete and utter befuddlement on both Thor and Rogers' faces. "I think that introductions are in order, though. Don't leave them hanging for too long." I tip my head to one side in acquiesce.
“It’s a thing with me,” Ultron is saying, back turned to us. “Stark is—he’s a sickness!”
“You know, you should come by Stark Towers sometime,” Stark says casually, moving out from behind his screen and crossing the room. “Top ten floors, all R&D. You’d love it, it’s candyland.” He picks something up.
Beside me, Steve shifts, drawing attention from both Natasha and Clint. I track his gaze, following it to a grey stone building a little ways off. Pobably used to store munitions back when this base was active.
“Who the fuck are you?” Loki asks bluntly. I grin, blowing a bubble with my gum before responding.
"Jesus mother of Mary!" the blonde yelps.
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve heard since the time my roommate recommended a therapist for my paranoia!” I grunt, arms shaking from the stress of holding up th helicarrier. “You’re going to be Iron Man confetti, suit or not.”
“Dem, though I do have a few other names. Makes it kinda complicated, but you get used to it after a while.” The god of mischief stands up from his place on the provided cot, beginning to pace.
"Natasha!" Steve calls. The redhead whirls around.
A beat of absolute quiet.
You’re not her anymore.
"That's impossible, SHIELD would have stopped you," Natasha insists.
"Have what?" I ask.
Rolling my eyes, I turn my attention back to my screen and start flipping through the files quickly. Having read Stark’s files, there’s a 99% chance that the genius is going to hack SHIELD. I just have to be faster than him and take care of everything they have on me that wasn’t in the briefing packet. It’s simple; surprisingly so.
“I looked in your head and saw annihilation,” Wanda interjects, eyes narrowed. Pietro’s hand makes an aborted move to grasp at his twin’s arm, but he steps forwards instead.
“Loki has him under some kind of spell, along with one of ours,” Nat says. My jaw tightens.
“We need to get a Doctor here. If we don’t put pressure on that wound, she’s gonna bleed out here in the truck.” The STRIKE agent he’s talking to raises their cattle prod menacingly, but Sam holds his ground, unflinching. A beat of silence. Then the agent lashes out to the side with the prod, jabbing their teammate in the stomach. They let out a cry of surprise as they crash to the floor.
"Hold on tight, don't let go no matter what and if you do that right I think we should be able to make it over in one piece."
The Soldier kneels for a brief second, and something rolls away under the cars. He takes careful aim.
Thankfully, by the time we crash through the roof of a bus beside the truck, we’ve rotated enough that Ultron is the one who falls through first.
“You don’t know what you’re doing,” Steve says firmly.
“Neither do we,” Tony sighs. He reaches out, switching off the monitor and standing up. I raise a curious eyebrow, to which the genius gestures to Clint at the controls. “Hey, you wanna switch out?” he offers.
There’s no time to puzzle over Pietro and Wanda’s sudden change of heart, not when there’s another beam of energy heading towards us. This time, Pietro pushes me down to the floor of the train car, following me in a blur of silver-blue. The orange just barely grazes the tops of our heads, cleaving a path clear to the front of the train.
Tony’s bottom half jumps, and I hear a
“When you’re being shot at, sure. Otherwise you sleep until it’s night and stay up when everyone’s asleep.”
“No comment about my age?”
Clint salutes, theralding his arm through mine and dragging me off. Neither of us have any sort of rifle on us with which to shoot, but the particular building we'd be sniping from today, there was already a bundle of weapons packed there for us, courtesy of Natasha.
**Какое дерьмо roughly translates to 'what the shit' in Russian
Across the room, Clint and I mirror each other as we adjust our stances, widening them in a more battle-ready stance.
“Clint?” I hear Laura ask.
“Thought you’d never ask.”
“Thor, status?” I hear Steve ask. A Legionaire drops from the catwalk above, but I send a knife through one of its eyes.
“Then we’ll do that together, too,” Steve rebukes, unwavering.
The others slowly begin to file into the lounge.
~~~~~
"You kiss your mother with that mouth?" Steve gives me his Captain America glare, but it quickly turns uncertain.
I frown at the sudden change in topic and the tense aura around his voice, but decide that the Topic should be left Avoided for now, because Talking About It is reserved for small, emotional bursts of Talking and my tea is getting cold. I take a sip.
“Uncle Clint already told us.”
STRIKE teams. Pouring out of the black vans.
He takes the hammer.
“Yuh-huh,” Tony says flippantly. “What’s the vibranium for?”
“Tell me about Zola’s algorithm,” Steve demands.
“Well, I promise a stress-free environment,” Stark wheedles, making his way around Banner. “No tension. No surprises.” As he passes by Banner, he pokes him with something small and pointy that makes a zapping sound, causing the doctor to jump. I frown, swiping onto another screen and proceeding to hack the SHIELD mainframe.
"I didn’t need to know,” Clint replies, shifting so that he’s sitting next to Nat. I force myself to look him in the eye, but quickly look a bit to his right. “I didn’t ask. He’s gonna make his play soon though. Today.”
~~~~~
I follow her out, right behind Steve and Clint. Try not to wince when the hard drive stabs the sole of my foot.
"Fast, strong, with a metal arm. Left one. Red star on the shoulder."
“What the hell are you doing, wondergirl?” Stark demands. I steady myself, lifting my hands and bracing my arms as I fly up, gloved hands meeting cold, unforgiving metal. I can feel the broken hum of engine three, and heat stings my legs through my pants.
“He’s an astrophysicist,” Banner supplies.
. I lean over Clint to snag his coffee pot.
“Yeah, we would have called ahead, but we were busy having no idea that you existed,” Tony tacks on.
"Hey, Kate? Yeah, I know it's the asscrack of dawn, but Clint and I need you to watch Lucky."
Ultron jerks and shudders, and I yank hard on the whip.
A sudden increase of movement makes all three of us look over to the operating room. What we see makes us all rush over to the window, and I cross my arms, hands gripping my biceps tightly, so hard that my knuckles turn white. A nurse calls for a defibrillator. Nick seizes for a heart-stopping moment, then stills. Doesn't do anything to get my heart back to beating.
Looking back ahead, I slip my hand into one of the inside pockets, withdrawing the chip and looking over my shoulder warily. No sounds of a fight yet, but that’s not necessarily a good thing.
Everyone in the apartment complex is running from something, and I think that's what I like best about it. Apart from the barbecues, that is. Because everyone understands that if you push for answers, bad things could happen. So nobody does.
"And he didn't invite me," the genius says, mock-offense in his tone. Nat's slammed onto the hood of a car, but she manage to use her leg to hook around the Chitauri's neck, using that as leverage to jam her widow's bite into its neck. Grabbing its gun, she uses that to blast its head off. Movement to my right has both Natasha and me turning, weapons raising—but it's only Steve. We both lower our weapons, Nat leaning against hers. We'd cleared out that wave, so I take the time to collapse against a nearby car after sheathing my reapers.
“Building in New York?”
“You’re not going to help me make dinner if you get your germs all over it,” Laura says firmly, pushing me gently into the living room. “Go take a shower. You stink. De-stress. I’ll send Lila up with a change of clothes, and when you get out I want you to sit down and
“I am,” Vision says simply.
“Nope, not gonna happen.”
Because I told her.
“Then why would you bring it to—“
, and then Rumlow lands on the deck.
"Hawkeye," I hear Natasha say into her comm.
“You mean other than the ones we brought?” I call back. I bend down to pick up the towel that I’d dropped, rubbing it over my arms hastily.
"Secure channel seven?" Steve says into the mix on his wrist.
"A lot of things you don't know about me," Nick replies as I turn on the tap, flannel in one hand.
“Tony!” I yell, walking into the workshop only to be greeted by unnecessarily-loud heavy metal. “Tony!” No answer. “Tony!”
An intersection is fast approaching, and Tony and I split up.
"How did you get here?" Steve asks tersely.
"The last one is in Fort Meade," Sam admits with a grimace. "Behind three guarded gates and a twelve-inch steel wall." Natasha, Clint and I all exchange looks.
I blacked out at some point, but I know it’s not for long because I’m not dead yet and there are pieces of debris falling all around me, similar to the one that’s impaled in my leg. I hiss in pain as I attempt to lift myself to my feet, but collapse back to the floor.
"You know, if you asked Kristen out from Statistics, she'd probably say yes," Natasha says. Steve pulls his cowl on. It's not really a cowl anymore, more of a helmet. The cargo door opens.
~~~~~
Lucky, a golden retriever Clint decided to adopt after the dog saved his own stupid ass, lives there now that Clint and I are staying over in the Tower a bit too much to keep asking Kate to take care of him.
“I’ll be right there,” Clint replies. There’s a quiet
“Oh, really?” I snap. “I thought everything ran on the infinite happiness of rainbows and unicorn fairies!”
White light is pulsing down the side of it, and as we watch, the whale-turtle-centipede-fish thing ejects more aliens. They're attached to it by harnesses, which snap once they're airborne and latch onto buildings. Even more are ejected, and now they're crashing through windows. I can hear the terrigied screams of tapped people on the buildings.
“No,” the genius replies, shaking his head and still fucking
And there was even more that I wanted to leave behind, shed like a snake shed its skin, but I didn’t have that privilege. I’ll always carry pain with me. Everyone will at some point in their life, but some people’s burdens are heavier than others’. The baggage I dragged with every step I took was something that others used to help me bear, but I had to leave them behind with everything else I was forced to drop in return for that twisted freedom.
“No drink you’re sure?” Stark asks, as if he actually cares. He pulls off a good flippant front, I’ve got to give him that. Loki shakes his head amusedly, turning away to slowly advance towards a wall made entirely out of windows. Idly, I wonder if they’re ever a party hazard.
Yes, my chapter naming skills have returned. No, that does not make them any less lame.
He throws the shield.
“This,” Thor mutters, finger resting on top of a spot on the man’s—Ulysses Klaue, according to the bold black heading on the file—neck.
“Yeah?” Clint replies, a small, bitter smile quirking the corners of his mouth. “Who’s we?”
"Tell him to suit up," the playboy orders. "I'm bringing the party to you." Far down the street, I spot a small speck of red and gold round the corner. And right after Tony is the whale-turtle-fish-centipede, one of its fins clipping the edge of a building. The crashing catches everyone else's attention, and everyone readies their weapons.
“Они сделали это с тобой, не так ли?” the not-quite-Soldier asks. “Программирование.”
“You got some snazzy tech here,” I comment as Stark advances towards me. We’re both ignoring the elephant in the room—or walkway, if you will. I drift up and to the side as the billionaire gets closer in order not to fuck up the process, drifting beside the ravenette as he nears a set of what I assume are glass doors, even if I can’t see a crack that divides two panes in half.
"Too shy, or too scared?" Nat calls to Steve as he attaches his shield to the magnets on the back of his suit. I slip my mask on, tightening the strap that keeps it in place.
by outside the window, and I saulte Clint before giving chase.
“That’s nothing compared to what’s coming!” Tony snaps.
"You're evil, you know that?" I mutter, clambering to my feet. Lucky is waiting outside the door, tail thumping against the floor of the apartment.
“You two can still walk away from this,” Steve cuts in, looking at the twins. His shield is held at his side, not yet pulled up in defense.
“We’re twenty seconds out, Cam.”
Nick had told me that Phil had called it the Avengers.
There’s a brief, split-second pause in between the time that the Soldier throws the shield and Steve reaches him.
“Only when I’ve created a murder bot,” Bruce counters calmly.
“She’s all yours, apparently,” Tony says, shrugging. “What are you gonna do?”
“Who the hell is Bucky?” the Winter Soldier asks.
And then the world turns red.
"Thanks," Steve mutters.
“I’ll have you know I’m an actual adult,” I say mock-seriously. “I can even drink legally now. It’s awesome.”
“Hey, just thought everyone should know that I’m on the roof of a 60-story office building on 42nd because I think I might need to jump off of it in a few seconds.”
The robot turns away without an answer, but as soon as his arm raises I’m jumping up, in front of Pietro as a burst of orange energy explodes from his hand. Like before, I go flying backwards, but this time unfamiliar hands loop under my arms as I shoot back, keeping me from going far.
We disobeyed orders. Compromised the mission objective.
Especially when the last thing we’d heard from the archer was, “I’m fine!” right before a pterodactyl had pushed him off the edge.
"Thor's taking a squadron on sixth," the archer replies.
Tony, of course, uses this as a perfect opportunity to grope Steve under the pretense of helping him to the medical wing.
"Ow," he says. A hand falls onto my shoulder, and I jump before realizing that it's just Steve.
~~~~~
swim by as if it were in water.
"Wanna give me a lift?"
“Hurry up!” I yell, taking aim at the Jeep behind us, the Winter Soldier clinging to the front. I squeeze off a few shots before it surges forwards again, and when it rams us we go
“Isn’t that a bit too British for the symbol of American freedom?” I rasp, pressing my forehead to the cool metal of the vents, eyes clenched shut.
“Wondergirl, don’t waste your breath,” Stark recommends. “Cap, I’m gonna coach you through this. Don’t screw it up. JARVIS, remind me to look up unicorn fairies later.” I grind my teeth together, jaw clenching and muscles flexing as I struggle to keep aloft. It’s getting harder by the second, and I don’t think I’ll be able to hold on to it for much longer. There’s a few small explosions, and a lot of yelled instructions on Stark’s part before Rogers can be heard.
“Of course he did,” I sigh, zipping up my jacket.
"Yeah, bet you look terrible in them now," Steve replies, deadpan. Clint and I exchange looks, because the Odessa story wasn't one Natasha shared often. It was one of few failures that I could count on one hand with fingers to spare. This shit was serious.
~~~~~
“NEXUS?” Steve asks.
When I finally wake up for good, Clint is passed out in a chair and Natasha is perched on the edge of my bed.
"Yeah," Natasha says. "It's gonna be fun." I lay down cover fire as I hear something heavy collide with metal—and then a speeder
, and the sound of glass shattering.
"I thought you said you were a pilot," Steve finally says.
I flex my hands nervously, because androids run on energy, right? Even if they’re powered by something like the Mind Stone.
“I really don’t,” the redhead says. A challenge.
"We gotta get back up there," the Cap says, jogging forwards. I glance at Clint. He shrugs. I follow him through the dusty air of NYC, weaving around cars until we're standing outside of... I dunno, it might be a bank but it's too dusty to make out the sign at the very top of the massive white marble building.
Movement out of the corner of my eye, and I bend over into a back handspring in order to avoid Steve's shield. Twisting mid-flip, I push hard with my hands to add momentum to my land, flying through the air and planting my feet in the chest of an alien attempting to come up behind Nat. Steve, Nat, Clint and I are back to back now, fighting off as many aliens as we can while watching each others' backs.
“Stark, come in,” the blonde says, voice clipped and commanding. He walks back over the Maximoffs, brow furrowing. “Stark.”
Laura tasks me with taking care of the kids while she and Clint have a quick talk. A look from Clint has me suggesting Nat help me grab some coloring materials for them to preoccupy themselves with.
I shake my head, exiting the same way as Wanda and trekking over to them on shaky legs.
"Yeah, get in line," Clint retorts.
“Put on the suit,” Rogers challenges. Stark opens his mouth, but nobody ever finds out what he’s going to say, because at that moment, a distant explosion rocks the entire ship. I’m thrown off of my feet, but manage to stabilize myself in the air. The rest of the assembled team in the lab (Banner, Stark, Rogers, Thor, Nick and Nat), however, aren’t that lucky; part of the ceiling comes crashing down, filling the air with dust and disorienting me even more.
"Hostages en route to extraction," I hear Rumlow say. I burst outside, Steve on my tail.
“So, run and hide?” There's an undertone of reluctance in Tony’s voice, because Iron Man is never one to run from fights that he instigated. But there’s relief twining around it, because Tony Stark is always going to be running away from his mistakes.
“Considering I’m cranky, fighting things that aren't supposed to exist outside of movies and need caffeine stat, then yeah, this is the perfect time,” I reply dryly, kicking the Chitauri off of my blade and leaping into the air to intercept another.
“Three minutes, you two.” Maria’s voice is strained and worried, something that I’ve almost never heard her sound like and it’s serious, but all I can think of is Steve and the person who was Bucky.
“Dammit, Thor,” I mutter, landing with enough force to crack the pavement. Chitauri immediately surround me, and I raise my arms invitingly. “Come and get me,” I mock. They lunge, and I snap for theatrical effect as I turn invisible. The aliens all crash into each other, leaving them all laying on the ground, shocked, for a moment. I use that brief lapse of activity to butcher them, and the ones who recover faster than others grab some sort of knife crossed with a laser gun to shoot wildly.
“Careful, wouldn’t want to upset the Captain’s delicate sensibilities,” I shoot back out of habit. Yeah. This is familiar, this banter. Everything’s going to be fine. Everything’s going to be fucking fine.
"That's hilarious," I hear Steve reply as I lean over Clint to roll down his window.
“Age isn’t everything,” Stark replies dismissively, brushing past me in order to get to the bar. He takes off something small and gray as he does, placing it behind the ledge that the bar top is on. “Scotch? Wine? Vodka? Tequila?”
s away with something hanging from its end. I duck aside as a laser fires a little too close for comfort, straightening quickly in order to shoot back. The Chitauri on the other side of the bridge speed up their pace, and I barely manage to squeeze out a few more shots before they're on us.
"Natasha, what's your status?" Steve whispers, bringing his arm up in order to speak into the comm on his wrist. No answer. "Clint, status?"
“A message,” Steve says grimly. “Ultron killed Strucker.”
“What choice do we have?” Wanda replies.
Their eyes remain locked for a few beats more, and then Tony turns away. Steve does too, talking to the room at large.
I heard the Winter Soldier—or whatever he is now—had been hanging around the Bahamas. Sam’s lucky ass might even have time to stop by the beach once the trail runs cold.
“Nuclear codes,” Rhodey agrees, moving towards the center of the room. “Look, we need to make some calls, assuming we still can.”
"You're the Black Lynx?" he asks, half-incredulous, half-amazed. "That's impossible. You'd have to be at least thirty."
“None of that’s your fault, Steve,” Clint says quietly. Natasha makes a small noise of concurrence from where she’s leaning against him.
“Would you like a drink?” I blink in surprise, ignoring the amused smirk that Loki has.
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Rogers asks impatiently, tone stern.
"They want you now," Rumlow insists. Steve, Clint, Natasha and I all stop and look at him for a moment.
“Hey, Sabrina?” I ask without looking back. “Maybe stop the train before we run into a wall?”
Then Steve leaps into the truck like some sort of pissed off, patriotic angel of honour, slamming his shield into Ultron’s arm. The robot doesn’t hesitate to fight back, retaliating with a blow that would have been devastating had it connected with flesh and bone instead of protective vibranium.
“Не как ты,” I murmur after a beat of hesitation. The not-quite-Soldier glances over his shoulder at me for a moment.
before an arrow latches onto the Soldier’s metal arm, electricity coursing through it.
"Put Clint in the suit, he'd be a good substitute," I fire back.
"Because that tie looks really expensive, and I'd hate to mess it up." Clint's finger twitches, turning on the red laser beam, aimed straight at Sitwell's tie. Keeps it on the SHIELD (or rather, Hydra) agent as he walks all the way down to Sam's car. Then he shuts it off and hands the rifle to me.
“Rogers, I want you to get your patriotic ass, American frisbee of death and national anthem of healing down to engine three!” I call over the rush of wind. “You better bring Stark as well; I won’t be able to check the engines from where I’ll be, and I’ve got no clue how this shit works. Don’t think anyone would want me in their either, ‘cause one wrong move sends us all down.”
"Just trying to keep them off the streets," Tony replies. He sounds a little out of breath, but I don't get much farther than that because a Chitauri slams me into the side of a bus.
“Uh, Stark,” I yell into my radio. “Good thing is that I’ve got they’re attention. Bad news is that it’s a whole lot of attention. Help would be nice!” I don't get to hear any reply, if there ever was one, because the Chitauri are upon me. Whirling around, I fire my gun seven times, six of them hitting right between the center of the eyes and the seventh going wider and embedding itself in an eyeball.
"On my mark," Steve whispers. I unhook my whip quietly. "Three. Two. One." I jump to my feet, sprinting in the direction of the control room. Steve's shield goes flying past my head, and I leap off the ground, cracking my whip as the shield breaks the glass. I go in feet-first, slamming into the guy who I assume is Batroc, based on the photo I'd seen during briefing. The force of the kick sends me back a few feet, out the window and into midair, but then Steve leaps past me. But Batroc has already recovered, and he kicks Steve away before making a break for it.
“Anyone on comms?”
And when Clint wakes up, one of us is going to have to tell him the news. Tell him that the unrequited love of his life was dead, and that he wasn’t coming back. Ever. I don’t want to be the one to tell him that, to tell him that another person he cares about is gone.
“It’s powered by an arc reactor, self-sustaining energy source,” Banner explains. “That building will run itself for what, a year?”
The woman behind me presses her gun into the small of my back, and I freeze up immediately as she searches through my pockets, finally withdrawing the other bracelet at the bottom of my inside jacket pocket. She keeps the cold metal of the gun muzzle pinned to my back as she clasps the bracelet around my left wrist with one hand, and when she steps back I know that it’s trained on me, her finger on the trigger and safety off.
“Then the Insight helicarriers scratch people off the list,” the Hydra agent says, words coming out in an almost-whine. “A few million at a time.”
“What’s going on?” he asks as Clint hits the open ramp button. “Hey? Guys? What’s she doing? Does she have a death wish—“
“You too,” I finally reply. Somebody clears their throat, and I grin as I turn to face Maria Hill, second in command to Nick Fury himself.
I stiffen.
, her eyes tell me.
"It's nothing you need to concern yourselves with," the redhead says dismissively.
"I bet you knew Fury hired the pirates, didn't you?" Steve snaps accusatorily. I blink. Raise my hand.
I can only gape at the growing hole in the sky—but not for long, because tiny specks moving at high speeds are suddenly zooming out of it in a black cloud.
"Cam, we have to go!" Steve yells.
I swear, using my other foot to kick his hands away as the whirr of machinery draws nearer. Rolling out of the window and lying on air like it’s solid ground, I look up to see Tony, clad in full Iron Man regalia, repulsors held out like he wanted a high five or something.
“Oh, that’s just so reassuring.”
"Engine room secure," Clint says.
"STRIKE in position," another says.
The Soldier turns to me, managing to squeeze off one shot that I manage to avoid before Steve rams into his side. A few more gunshots, and Steve lets out a grunt of pain as the Soldier shoves him away, turning to face me from where I’ve landed on the other side of the catwalk. He raises the gun, but before he can shoot, the other supersoldier’s shield comes down, knocking it from his hand.
“Please tell me that you’re going to appeal to my humanity,” the god says, advancing forwards. I can feel Stark roll his eyes as I vault over the stone and metal guard that lines the ramp that we’re walking on, landing behind a bar stocked with alcohol.
“Change of plans, Lynx,” Tony suddenly says. “These fuckers are getting into the city. I need you to go down and pick them off.” I groan, reversing my position so that I’m head down.
“That’s the guy my dad never shut up about?” Stark asks to loud. “Wondering if they shouldn’t have kept him on ice.” I sigh irritably, slipping off of the tabletop. I need more coffee for this.
~~~~~
“Says the man getting ready to jump into a blending machine,” I groan, readjusting my hands and pushing harder.
"What do you want?"
with the answer to how pasta sauce can stain countertops.
The Winter Soldier stares back, expression blank as ever. He’s too far away for me to see his eyes, but I think I know what I’ll find there. The last shreds of a man who once was begging for help that I can’t provide.
Steve sprints past the two of us, heading for the hole in the train car put there by Ultron’s last attack. I follow quickly, flying to avoid the glowing, smoking edges of each hole. It’s faster than I normally fly, but now that my feet aren’t on the ground I don’t have the privilege of being pulled along because physics.
“We trained with Cam, Nat,” Clint replies flatly. “That’s practically what we were groomed for.” Another short stretch of silence, and I spot the sandy-blonde’s shoulders slump in defeat out of my peripheral vision. “Loki,” he says thickly, “he got away?” I don’t know who he’s directing it at, but Nat and I both nod anyways.
“We have a Hulk,” Tony replies sharply.
“I don’t follow,” Bruce says, shaking his head. “What comes out of Wakanda?”
“The creature—“
“Ultron’s got an enemy, that’s not the same thing,” he corrects. The look in Nat’s eyes is snuffed out, replaced by a cold, analytical gaze. Clint and I make eye contact from across the room, and the archer shrugs one shoulder subtly. “Still, I’d pay folding money to know who it is,” Nick adds.
“Even when I had nothing, I had Bucky.”
Heavy duty, but only one padlock to secure it closed. Steve breaks it easily with a quick blow of his shield.
Vision’s gaze flickers towards me.
"Lynx, are you okay?" Clint asks worriedly.
“Yeah,” the billionaire agrees, walking down a few steps. “Seen a bit of mileage, and you’ve got the uh—how’d Cam put it—the ultimate glow stick of destiny.” I seesaw my hand back and forth with a shrug, leaning against the bar as the genius approaches.
I walk forwards, careful steps, eyes glued to the creature’s. As I get closer, I can feel it unlike anything ever before. It’s pulsing and relentless and overwhelming and it makes me take a few steps back.
“Why don’t you hug her and find out?” the ex-Russian superspy says, leaning down. Lila squirms out of Clint’s arms, hitting the ground at a run and rushing into her arms. Her eyes widen as they catch sight of me from over Nat’s shoulder.
“Their powers,” Thor cuts in, gesturing to the twins, “the horrors in our heads, Ultron himself, they all came from the Mind Stone, and they’re nothing compared to what it can unlessh. But with it on our side…”
Thor looks to the side at his own hammer, hands on his hips and a blankly surprised face.
The low, growling sound that cuts through the chaos of screams makes my head snap up, and I track the source of the sound to the portal. The alien portal, from which the alien army is still pouring through. But then something blots out all the stars that I can see on the other side, and the portal gets a little bigger. A few more aliens on speeders zip out of the portal—and then the nose of something big, metallic and ugly as fuck pokes out of the portal.
I accept it, stepping out into the hallway.
“Civilians in our path,” Steve says without thinking to the passing silver-blue blur. Terrified faces disappear from the path of the train as silver-blue darts back and forth.
"Ready?" Natasha mutters. I flash her a thumbs up, stowing my whip away and slamming my armguards against my thighs, activating my wrist reapers. "Shall we?" the ex-Russian superspy asks.
The year out of the fold was hard, most of it full of adjusting to a life so unlike the one that I’d left behind that it was like waking up in the 21st century all over again. There was so much that I had to leave behind, and not all of it was physical.
“Never heard of that,” Rhodey replies.
“Right,” Thor says, breaking everyone out of their trance. I shake my head just a little bit. The demigod looks around a bit like a lost puppy before quickly following Vision. “Well done,” he murmurs, patting Tony on the shoulder as he passes by.
And then Thor is standing in the middle of the lab, leaping off of the ground, hammer held in a two-handed grip as he brings it down on the Cradle containing whatever Ultron had been planning on creating.
“Barton—er, Clint, Cam,” Steve calls, approaching. “We might have something.”
The hard drive that Nick had slipped into my boot is digging into my foot, but I make sure to act like nothing's there. There should be nothing there to anyone who's looking.
I growl in frustration, eyes narrowing as I take the pressure off of the door, revealing the director of the Strategic Homeland Intervention Enforcement and Logistics Division. Or SHIELD, depending on whether not you have all day and the breath control to recite the full name.
“If I have to,” Ultron says, now facing us completely. A blur of blue, and then the Maximoff twins appear at the robot’s side.
“This way, sir,” Banner replies, gesturing. I follow the two at a sedate pace, humming a Disney tune under my breath.
~~~~~
After a quick explanation, everyone splits up to gather gear. We’re all piling into the Quinjet in record timing, one after the other. Steve, I notice, took the time to pull Sam aside and have a quick, hurried conversation with the other man. There’s no doubt in my mind about what they’re talking about.
“He turns,” Maria says shortly.
"Hey, assholes!" I holler, already bringing my whip around to snag the nearest alien. Electricity courses through it, and I drag it towards me before yanking my whip away in order to slam my booted foot into the aliens chest, sending it flying over the railing. Two more charge at me, and I duck under their guns. Grabbing the other end of my whip, electricity tickling the palm of my hand through the glove, I fling the loop of whip over the head of another Chitauri, tightening it around its windpipe. Yanking tight, I hear the sickening snap of its neck snapping.
Slipping my phone out of my pocket, I bring it up, waiting for the right moment. Steve flings his shield, taking out the first guy, then grabs the arm of the second guy, throwing himself forwards so that it looks like the merc had picked him up bridal-style. I press my finger to the photo button. The merc falls forwards, and Steve punches him to ensure that he's unconscious. Then he turns to me, and I can see the raised eyebrows from underneath the cowl. I shrug, tucking my phone into my pocket.
To know that I’m surrounded by friends.
I glance down at Tony, and the Iron Man suit looks back up at me.
“This isn’t the break room.”
“No big deal like the nightmare that made it happen?”
"It's happening again," I mumble, hands coming up to my head. I press my palms to my temples, rubbing in little circles.
“The safest it’s ever been,” I grumble, pausing to run the rag under the tap again. I’m careful not to touch the faucet directly. I’m not sure if it runs on electricity or not (sue me, I don’t study kitchen appliances as a hobby), but I don’t want to find out the hard way now that my dampners were undergoing repairs. “Honestly, I thought Steve wouldn’t be able to fuck this up with two of us in here watching him, but here we are.” Laura sighs, batting at my hands until I let go of the rag and wringing it out over the sink before looping it through the microwave handle to dry.
“Roll call,” I call, coming to a stop and resting a hand on my hip. Thor, Rogers and Banner's heads swivel around to face me. I strangle my unease quickly, before it can grow into an ugly-ass monster. “Two assassins, one popsicle, one otherworldly being, one green giant? All here? Good. I heard that we’re supposed to get the glowing square of destiny back from reindeer god.”
“Well, that’s not gonna happen,” Clint says, threading an arm under Nat’s and beginning to haul her to her feet. I hasten to assist. “Not for a while,” Clint adds. “The whole team is down, not counting Lynx and me, but neither of us can do anything against the Hulk. You got no back up here.”
"The world is ending,” I reply. “I wanted a normal life. And to do that, I have to do one last thing. After this, I’m in the wind.” Those words tear me apart to say, but it’s true. If I ever want the chance to remain semi-normal, then I have to distance myself from all of… Well, whatever you want to call this shitshow.
“Did you bring Auntie Nat?” Lila asks eagerly, leaning back with her hands pressed to Clint’s chest. Natasha seems to brighten from where she’d been leaning against the arm of the couch, moving forwards to come out from behind the boys.
Steve and Tony both look at each other, expressions grim. “If this guy got out of Wakanda with some of their trade goods… “ Tony trails off, letting the silence speak for itself. Whatever goods Wakanda trades, they’re either dangerous or important (although, strictly speaking, both words were interchangeable).
Gathering it in a short coil, I back up to maintain distance between the Soldier and me as he advances. When we round the bend of the targeting panel, I strike while he can’t immediately see what I’m doing. The whip hits him center mass, the force of the blow making him stumble back in surprise.
I resist the urge to bang my head against something in an attempt to get that dry, deadpan tone out of my head, because I shouldn’t still be hearing him after two years and it
~~~~~
“Fly Nat back to the Quinjet,” he instructs, ducking out from under the redhead’s arm. “I’ll locate the others. Come back for them.”
“Worth it,” I mutter under my breath as the ex-Russian superspy sits down gracefully. She sends me a glare, but before she can reply, Clint shoots bolt upright in bed. Both of us jump, focus tuned intently on our partner as he shakes his head violently, as if trying to get water out of his ears, arms straining to break the restraints on his wrists. I stand quickly, grabbing his hearing aids off of the side table.
Even if three of us can cook, the ones who can’t don’t usually bug us to cook anything. Which is honestly a relief, because everyone in this place has bottomless stomachs.
Gunfire from above has both Steve and me moving away from Ultron as he’s bombarded with bullets, each of them sparking off of him in a shower of yellow-orange.
"You don't need practice," Steve says defensively.
