But how to be sure it was Sherlock? John certainly didn’t have enough German to describe him. Suddenly he remembered, he had a picture of him on his phone from their Christmas party. He brought it up – him, and Sherlock, and Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock was even almost smiling there. He showed it to her, pointing to the man in the middle. “
“Because you’re straight. Knowing would only make things uncomfortable for you. Make our friendship…awkward.”
“Say you’re mine, John,” Sherlock repeats, his hand reaching John’s belt and struggling to get inside his trousers. “Say it.”
"There are about three important-looking people who seem like they are about to come talk to you. Unless you want to explain what you're so angry about on such a lovely evening, or who I am, you should take my arm like you're smitten and find a private corner to discuss this."
“This going to sound a little out there, but I think… I think the light might be how your brain processes…feelings.”
“Ah, excellent,” Sherlock says. “Here’s one for you. One Ms. Hanna Mihov, unless I'm quite mistake. Citizen of Bulgaria and high placed member of Les Butineuses. I suspect she will be able to tell you some very interesting things. Watch out, she’s a fighter.”
“Inconsequential!” The voice is agitated and shaky, but also filled with a deep hatred. “Every time I turned around, every time I tried to do something, someone stood in my way, mocked me, shut me out, rejected me. My entire life! Everything I wanted to do, one thing after another was taken from me.  I’m done with it! I wanted everyone to know that I was always smarter than them. I want them to be sorry they put me down.”
He breaks off with a noise of disgust. "How can we ever be that again? Why do you think I would let you touch me?"
"Sure, simple," John mutters under his breath. "All right, well, sit down..."
John is intrigued. The throat of the woman in the picture is covered, from chin to collarbone, in an unusual diamond shaped pattern, etched into the flesh. “I have no idea what could have made those marks. Some kind of netting, maybe?”
John chooses his words carefully. “He told me what it was like for you before I knew you.”
He finds the conference enjoyable, even if he’s grown unused to being away from Sherlock and Baker Street for any great period of time. But there’s plenty to keep his mind occupied, new research to learn about, new colleagues to meet, a modest amount of praise for his own work. It’s invigorating.
John sighs irritably. “You know, I think I’m just going to go down the pub. I’m sure Mrs. Hudson can do you something for tea if you ask nicely.” He abruptly changes direction and strides away purposefully, leaving Sherlock standing by the taxi, utterly shocked. It is so rare that John won’t follow him, and usually it’s only when he has committed some egregious error, such as admitting to not caring about human suffering. He didn’t think his comments about relationships qualified for that level of reprobation, but perhaps they do.
“I just want to hear from you whether it’s true or not.”
“Sherlock,” John breathes into his ear. “Tell me what you want.”
The theater was empty, but not dark – lights burned in the seating area and stage. A new production of Hamlet was slated to start this week, and some of the sets had been moved in, but the Globe was closed and silent now. He walked on to the central stage and looked up. A few stars twinkled in the open air above him, just managing to outshine the light pollution of London. The place looked deserted, but it didn’t feel deserted. He guessed there were at least half a dozen unseen figures tucked away in various corners. One of the trap doors in the stage was slightly ajar.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispers. “Yes, I’m yours.”
John feels his face is hot, and must be quite red, and exits the dance floor as quickly as propriety will allow, downing two more glasses of champagne on his way. He has no idea what just happened, and he spots Mycroft making his way purposefully towards him. Absolutely not. He is not going to have that conversation with Mycroft, not now and preferably not ever.
me that you would sully yourself with devotion to such a
Mycroft met Sherlock outside the theatre. “That was very brave and very foolish of you, Sherlock. But you have the gratitude of the Crown. And…mine,” he added reluctantly.
Sherlock’s face twitches, but manages not to betray any strong reaction. “Why did you tell me she was in a witness protection scheme in America when you knew she was dead?”
“Yes, thank you.” So Sherlock is still feeling guilty, John thinks, a little smugly. Or at least thinks John is still angry with him a bit, which amounts to the same thing in Sherlock’s mind. While he plays the violin often, both for his own sanity and John’s amusement, the only times he ever
“Yeah, I remember because I had to google it.”
Sherlock recoils. “John—”
"You're sure?"
John opens his mouth to argue, but stops himself, withdrawing again. "I should go."
“Yes, yes I was.”
“Somehow I thought you wouldn’t,” Sherlock said dryly. “It never even occurred to you before, had it?”
It's unfamiliar, verbalising like this, but Sherlock does his best. "You're spreading coconut oil over my upper back and shoulders with your hands. Now you're rubbing my neck, working your fingers up into my hair and running them down into my shoulders, pressing into the muscle as you go."
“Mycroft isn’t the first Holmes to control the dealings of several major world governments. Money and land tend to be a side effect of such things. Please, John, I would really prefer not to discuss it.”
As for Mycroft, he hadn’t had a word, which was a source of both bitterness and relief. He blamed Mycroft wholeheartedly for Sherlock’s death – there was no else left alive to blame. Mycroft knew it, too. John hoped he blamed himself, hoped he drowned in his own guilt. If he saw the man again…well he didn’t know what he would do, and it was probably best that neither of them found out.
"John, I cannot see. Not you, not your light, not at all. My vision is completely gone."
He got on a late train headed for France, figuring maybe he’d go through Vienna on his way to Zagreb and see if he could pick up anything on Moran there, maybe making some other unrelated stops on the way. He’d have to put out that he’d gone on holiday, send some postcards to Mrs. Hudson and Harry, so it would seem a natural thing. Getting away after a loss, trying to distract yourself, that was normal, wasn’t it? If anyone was still watching him, he should make sure there was no discernible pattern to his wanderings. Although it would take longer that way, and he wasn’t sure how much time Sherlock had.
John shakes the thoughts away and tries to focus on the case. What little of it there is. He wracks his brain trying to remember any details from the two times he’d run into Hanna or that Sherlock had shared with him about Les Butineuses, but but everything seems either trivial or connected directly with the counterfeiting case.
"Well, then, I don't see the problem. But you'll have to make the first move, he's far too in awe of you."
Only just now does Sherlock feel the slight but familiar pit of uneasiness portending that he may have read this situation very, very wrongly.
“No, it is
“John!” he shouted “Behind you!”
"Sherlock, I can't," John manages. "I forgive you, I do. But I can't do this again."
“It was just so you wouldn’t have to be bothered. Just make sure you sign those before you sign the adoption papers, or we’ll have to start all over--”
“Salty from sweat, plus your unique combination of pheromones, a slight soap residue… touch of garlic from our supper. And…citrus. Why do you taste like citrus? Ah, you had an orange with breakfast.”
Sherlock did not react and kept the gun fixed on Moriarty, who sighed. “Can’t we just agree that this is not productive and that I have the advantage, as always, and put our weapons away and chat like good little boys? Hmm?”
“No. I mean, you didn’t know what you were doing. Let’s just leave it, okay?”
Still, John’s initial reaction had been within expected parameters. It was only after John had been pulled off him that Sherlock had realised something was off. John wasn’t relenting once the first rush of anger had been spent, roiling and bubbling like the Earth’s molten core. And there was a woman with him, seeming both concerned and also somehow enormously entertained by them. She looked like she wished she’d brought popcorn.
"I can't do it again. I can't be your lover or your keeper, and you can't be my world. That part of me is gone.”
“See? I’m sure it will all work out.”
Sherlock snorts, turns his attention to the dance floor and sighs. “Tedious. You dance, John?”
"She agreed to go out with him."
John feels something loosen in his chest, a weight he hadn’t even known was there is lifting for the first time since he’s lived with Sherlock. He turns his head carefully, trying not to jar his spine, and kisses Sherlock’s dripping face on every single scratch, and finally on the lips. He tastes of rainwater and blood and a hint of illicit tobacco that John won’t mention right now.
John clears his throat. “Actually, I haven’t checked yet today. But do you mind if we eat something first? I could do with some lunch, since we didn’t have breakfast.”
John pulls out his mobile, fiddles with it for a moment, and sets it on the floor a little way away from them. The sounds of violin music, slightly tinny but magnified by the hard concrete and aluminium around them, waft up from the floor. Sherlock cocks his head, listening. “Schubert… Opus 18, No. 6, waltz in B minor. That’s…my own arrangement for the violin. That’s me…playing… in our flat.”
John breaks from the kiss laughing in sheer delight and runs a hand up under Sherlock’s thin t-shirt, fondling every well-defined muscle in his path.
"Now you're digging into my shoulders and trapezius with your knuckles, reaching deep tissue, and working inward."
“Police are coming,” he continues. “Nine minutes. Till, then, we’re alone…”
“Nevertheless.” Mycroft took a moment to compose himself, smoothing his coat and retrieving his umbrella from the floor.
There is no signature, and no way to send a return text, but for some reason John’s heart flutters in his chest. Cautiously, he does as he is instructed. The building seems to be an empty warehouse, with great chains hanging from the ceiling, possibly used for construction equipment. The few, high windows are filthy and it is cloudy out, so only a tiny amount of light manages to filter onto the floor. The room is huge, and John can just make out a figure standing in shadow all the way at the other end of it.
It's infuriating that something so simple has become such a massive problem for him. Just when he was starting to feel like he had some control, John steps away and he's instantly helpless again. He could use the voice command on his phone to call Gordon or Mrs. Hudson and shout into it for help hoping it had connected and they can figure out where he is, but it wouldn't be exactly be inconspicuous and would definitely be utterly humiliating if not downright dangerous to expose himself that way.
John's whole body stiffens and when he turns again to look at Sherlock his face is as cold and furious as Sherlock's ever seen it. "Sherlock Holmes, fuck, completely and permanently, the fuck off!"
The rage returns to John so suddenly it hits Sherlock like a punch in the stomach.
Sherlock doesn’t move. “I can fix it, John, I can figure it out. I swear I can. Let me show you.” He grabs John by the waist and kisses him hard on the mouth, trying to communicate the depth of his regret, his longing, because he sure as hell doesn’t know what words will work. He presses against John, aching for contact, certain he can make him understand.
“You are not likely to get a say. And as much as I enjoy John’s company, he’s not the one I’m concerned about if that happens.”
“Are you still here?” Sherlock asks. “I told you I’ll look into it. Now run along. You’ll hear from us.”
game? He’s dead, you’re officially the cleverest man alive. Why are you letting him win, letting him control you? I never thought you were a coward.”
“All right, let him go. But don’t you leave town, right?”
?” John interjects.
John snorts. “Well, at least part of you does, and that part seems like it’s pretty determined to make a case for itself, so you’re going to have to deal with this sooner or later.”
“I loved him.” The words are a strangled, choking cry, not much louder than a whisper. Words he’s never said out loud to anyone, words he tried not even to think for fear they might slip out by accident. “Oh, God, Molly, I loved him.”
“I don’t see why you care so much.”
“Get out.”
. You,
“You’re the one who dosed me.”
John pulls himself on top of the unresisting detective and begins to ever so gently nip at his prominent collarbone. Sherlock stifles a moan.
John relaxes. “All right. Perhaps I am a bit too jumpy about the whole thing. At least he’s in custody now.”
“Why did you say what you said?” Sherlock’s voice is not exactly accusatory, not exactly wounded; uncomprehending, maybe, trying to hide that he cares enough to be bothered. He blinks up at John, inscrutable, waiting.
John pinches bridge of his nose and walks to the other side of the room, putting as much space between them as he can get away with. “How can you possibly think
“Possibly,” Sherlock says. “Or it could be a chance combination of unrelated toxins. There's no way to be sure unless we find more of it.”
“Tell me what I need to know,” John pleaded. “Why keep loyalty to a man who just killed you? I can get revenge for you. Just tell me where to find him.”
about, no – don’t be ridiculous. It’s about life…and death… it’s about the Final Problem. You of all people should know that!” Moriarty was shouting now. “But, yes I am disappointed in you, Sherlock Holmes. It
He hands her over to two of the bulkier officers.
A month after the stabbing John was basically recovered. His wound pained him a bit, but it was well healed and in no danger of tearing open. He had begun to accompany Sherlock on cases again, although he was strictly forbidden from chasing criminals on foot for another few weeks, and was still on light duty at the surgery. But he came to crime scenes and the hospital and went to interview people. It was a relief after being cooped up at home for so long, having to rely on Sherlock to relay details to him, something which he often did in a rather jumbled fashion as they occurred to him.
.” Sherlock had been quite chuffed with himself for finally figuring it out. And it had been the one part of his speech, which had involved rather more real-time deduction than even he had planned, that had landed universally well. It’s only now, looking into John’s infuriated face, that he realises given their history, the timing was perhaps less than appropriate.
“Don’t I get to decide what the best way for me to accomplish something is?” he asks, not angrily, but as a genuine question. “The most expedient way is usually the best, especially on a case – who cares about a few drops of blood or a bruise? It doesn’t matter. It’s just flesh, it will recover.”
Thanks so much to OhDearieMe for beta reading. As always, all mistakes are my own.
"You...how?"
“You work for Moran? Don’t you?! How did you find me?” The man didn’t answer. John punched him again, this time with his fist, square in the nose. “I’m not playing around. I have no problem with killing you right now if you don’t tell me what’s going on,” he said, his voice going from loud and angry to low and calm with a frightening speed.
“John, go around back, cut her off,” Sherlock mumbles. “Don’t let her get away.”
John couldn’t stop himself from laughing just a little. “I wasn’t trying to tease you, not really. I was just…practising.”
But there’s something else too, something that only gets worse as he walks and thinks and plans how to investigate. For the first time he’s embarking on a case entirely without Sherlock Holmes. And John Watson has never felt so lonely.
, would I? Besides, you really are so
She was the last person he had expected to see, and he was surprised how grateful he was to see her. She did not seem to expect him to say anything and invited herself in, going up the stairs and into the flat while keeping her hand on his arm, never breaking contact. He sat on the sofa and she knelt beside him resting her forehead against his temple. “I know it’s not true,” she whispered. “I didn’t believe it for a second. He saved my life.”
“Does it matter?”
"John, I'm sorry." He spreads his hands. "I owe you a thousand apologies." The words do not come easily to him, but he does mean them.
John doesn’t know what to say to that, but apparently Sherlock doesn’t require a response. He jumps to his feet and grabs John’s wrist.
John laughs and, in answer, rolls Sherlock over to face him and wraps his arms around his neck, kissing him deeply. “Yes. Very, very good.”
He’s so absorbed in his examination that he jumps when Sherlock materializes behind him, asking “What have you got, John?”
Mycroft lowered his voice, sadly. “John, you’re right, I do need your forgiveness, in more ways than you know. I should have protected Sherlock, shouldn’t have let him… but that’s not what I’m here for and I don’t expect you to give it to me in any case. There is something far more urgent at stake right now.”
“But I…I saw… I felt…That’s not possible.” John felt his anger rising again. “What kind of game are you playing, Mycroft? Because I swear I will kill you if you don’t tell me what is going on right now!”
“Of course I do,” John whispers. “Why do you think I hate this so much? Seeing you like this.”
Sherlock reaches up and runs a finger across his cheek. It's as smooth as anyone's ever got it before. And not a nick on him.
It’s nearly three a.m. when John hears Sherlock’s mobile ring through the wall of his bedroom. John can’t hear the conversation, but doesn’t need to. He can guess. Sherlock emerges moments later and sweeps past John in the hall as he grabs his coat and heads for the door.
“Yes,” agrees Sherlock, shifting his coat so it partially covers John too. John feels a happiness so deep, despite the incredible pain spreading out into every part of his body and the bone shattering chill, that he feels like he can barely speak and yet that he can’t hold it in either. He strokes Sherlock’s hand and dares to whisper almost inaudibly, “Oh, my very, very dark thing. So dark it’s blinding.”
“Mmm… what? Don’t be an idiot. Now shut up and let me think!”
when I’m in danger or badly hurt? I know you hate feelings but you do have them. Tell me.”
“Wounded and unconscious, few hundred metres that way. He’ll live. I propped him against a tree so he wouldn’t drown.”
Hanna nods warily, and John exits, making his way off the ship and losing himself in the predawn bustle of the docks as quickly as possible. He heads immediately for the train station, clutching the stolen laptop under his arm, and wonders how he is going to live with himself knowing that his life was bought with the blood of the one person he never wanted to live without.
“Well done you,” Sherlock says dryly. “And the Bulgarian?”
“Christ, I was right…” John repeats barely believing it. He grabs the papers from Victor’s hand and pages through them.
"Now, get out so I can finish getting dressed."
“If he’d have talked to me he would have deduced what was wrong precisely within thirty seconds, and in that case I doubt he’d be content with a laissez-faire policy.”
John throws his head back and swears under his breath, completely undone, feeling like Sherlock is taking him apart piece by piece. He surrenders to it, gasping Sherlock’s name as he feels the climax swelling, insistent this time, refusing to be denied. John tightens his hold on Sherlock’s neck. “I…can’t…” he manages, but Sherlock only redoubles his efforts, licking John’s head vigorously until he can take it no more. He comes in Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock surrounding him, swallowing him down, lapping him up.
“I’ll be fucked, if it isn’t Three Continents Watson!” booms the largest of the group, Jackson. He pulls John into a bear hug that lifts him off the ground by half a metre.
“Of course it was the coffee! What’s more she drank flavoured coffee, roasted almond to be exact.”
“Did I?”
John sighs theatrically and settles in as his friend’s eyes go glassy before him, looking through John and focusing on something either very far away or, more likely, deep inside his own head.
“Yes. Maybe.”
John squints at himself in the mirror and frowns. “Strawberry? Really?”
"Or something. Sienna, please." She extends her hand and he kisses it.
“Jim? Oh, I see.”
Mycroft rings off and Sherlock puts his head back against the tree and closes his eyes, wishing he could go back to not feeling anything at all.
"You are infatuated with her," John snaps. "Just because you don't want to get a leg over doesn't mean you aren't infatuated."
“Not at the moment!” Sherlock called over his shoulder as he strode away briskly. “Come along, John.”
Sherlock looks beyond pleased with himself as he circles Bryant’s trembling form. “Are you aware that your security clearance within your company has been vastly upgraded in the past several months? No? I’m not surprised. You did mention having records of signing orders and other actions you have no memory of. It’s all true. I hacked into your company’s computer system this evening – which, you may wish to pass on, is not as secure as all that despite looking very fancy indeed – and found out that not only have you been given access to every level and area of the company, even those which the existence of you may be unaware, but that you have been very busy during hours when you weren’t in the office.”
“Yes, of course,” Sherlock agrees absently.
John nods, figuring Sherlock will probably be out for at least eight hours after this, a vast improvement on the two to three he’s been getting. He shifts so his head rests on Sherlock’s shoulder and he is half laying on him, one leg thrown over Sherlock’s and one hand resting on his opposing hip.
Sherlock wraps his arms around John, crushing him to his chest, and throws a long leg over John's thighs to keep him close. He intends to roll them both over so he is on top of John, but he pushes too hard and they are both still coated in oil. They roll one and half times and then John slips out of Sherlock's grasp and off the side of the bad, crashing to the floor.
Sherlock gives a grunt that manages to indicate that he has no intention of doing anything at all for quite some time, and John plants one last kiss on his full lips and fumbles his way to his feet.
Instead of an immediate reply as he expects, suddenly bare arms are thrown around his torso. He feels the stubble of a cheek against his, hot breath on one of his useless ears. John is holding him very tightly, and John is trembling although he seems to be trying not show it. Sherlock feels John’s fingers on the nape of his neck, tapping again, fast but lightly, like a whisper.
"I'll go upstairs then, don't want to bother you." John moves to get up.
Normally John would revel in the sight of Sherlock speechless, but now it’s a hollow victory. Sherlock is fairly quaking with rage and John hopes he’ll explode, that they can have it out now, for real, with words or fists or whatever they need to do to break down the wall that Sherlock’s put up between them.
“If we could do that to each other, even after everything we had together…”
John lets Victor sit there as long as he wants, saying nothing. Finally Victor composes himself, wiping his eyes and nose with a pocket-handkerchief. He sits up straight and runs a hand through his copper hair.
careful with him, for a given value of careful. He’ll jump in front of a bullet for John, he tries to leave him behind when he thinks things are too dangerous, he pays ten times as much attention to John’s feelings as to anyone else’s – when he notices that John has them. The problem is, his interpretation of what an acceptable risk is and whether something emotionally or mentally scarring counts as dangerous is more than liberal.
“Yes, I figured as much. But maybe anything potentially deadly can go up here? In the nice, safe hood?”
Sherlock relents slightly, but continue with his aggressive pursuit, and John isn’t going to protest. He pushes back, hands at Sherlock hips, teeth on Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock efficiently gets John’s trousers undone and has a hand inside them almost before John can notice.
John sometimes wonders if he is actually capable of saying no to Sherlock. If he is, it appears he’s not going to find out tonight. For no reason he can think of, he allows himself to be led to the dance floor. “Arm on my shoulder, hand here,” Sherlock orders, placing John's hand in one of his and planting his other firmly on John’s back. “Try not to lead. Let’s give Mycroft a thrill.”
Distantly, he recognises that he is being touched, but he barely feels it. His skin is numbed, his body a shell with no connection to his self any longer. His self is reeling off into the void. The only thing that registers is the floor beneath him, or is it a ceiling or a wall or perhaps just an untethered board tumbling through space with him.
“Yes. Impressively different. Different gender, different location, different method… but same type of cleverly subtle but easy to follow evidence. If we trace where the knife was purchased, which will probably be surprisingly simple, and run the fingerprints on the handle, they will almost certainly both lead back to a person with no alibi and nothing whatsoever to do with the victim, but who will fit all the evidence very nearly perfectly.”
John sleeps in Rosie’s room that night and doesn’t come back downstairs. Sherlock doesn’t sleep at all, his mind spiralling, trying to work it out. Things seems worse on each go-round. It’s just paperwork, isn’t it? It shouldn’t be this unsettling to either of them. John shouldn’t have blown it out of proportion, not into a question of
“Morning,” John said, and put his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders, bending down to kiss him on the cheek, as if he had done it a hundred, a thousand mornings before. He felt Sherlock tense in surprise, but he did not look up from his slide.
“Shh, never mind,” John said. “Stay still, I’ll be right back.”
John looks at Sherlock appraisingly, with a medical eye. There has barely been time to breathe over the past couple of months, between the drawn out and exhausting tension that led them to the place of now sharing a bed; the string of dangerous, long, and stressful cases; and both of them experiencing several somewhat significant injuries. Not to mention the time spent with Victor, which has brought up some very confusing feelings for Sherlock that John knows he must be having a hard time with, though he’d never admit it.
There are gaps in his knowledge, Sherlock realises. And they're getting bigger. But before he has a chance to let that thought sink in and truly unnerve him, John leaps out of his stool, landing in a half crouch facing the door and brandishing the stool as a defensive weapon.
John storms out of 221B into the night, flexing his hands stiffly. He'd wanted to hit Sherlock again, but it clearly didn't do any good. The bastard probably
“I really don’t want to have to put you unconscious as well,” he tells her quietly. “But I will if I have to.”
Sherlock’s face is so collected he might well be talking about the weather, but his clear eyes are blown wider than they should be and his voice quavers just enough to let John know that he finds this mystery, of all things, frightening.
He pulls his hand away like he’s been bitten, betrayed, feeling nothing but disgust for her now. “I thought you cared about him,” he says, horrified. “I thought you would do anything for him, that you were
“Upstairs.”
Sherlock ignored him and continued without a break in tempo, hands clasped behind his back, fingers worrying at each other. John could see he was getting nowhere. With a noise of frustration he slammed the door, threw himself back in bed, and pulled his pillow over his head.  He slept fitfully the rest of the night, the rhythm of footsteps echoing in his dreams.
SHERLOCK, he says and it’s tender and sensuous and mournful, completely at odds with his physical actions yet somehow both make sense together. MY NIGHTMARE. DON’T EVER MAKE ME WAKE UP.
“Did you tell them about the explosives, too?” Moriarty asked, then laughed as Sherlock hesitated. “Just
They do as she says and she grins.
“I never gave up on you, you know,” John breathes in Sherlock’s ear. “I never will.”
Sherlock’s eyes open and he looks surprised at the suggestion. “John, while this case is intriguing, I hardly think it merits my personal presence in such an early stage. Really, you ought to know this by now.”
John grins and it almost touches his eyes. "Agreed. I was thinking we should have a little celebration at home. I mean, at Baker Street. You know, that we're not all dead. Have Molly and her chap. I was thinking I'd ask Mary round too, so everyone could get to know her."
hits too!”
“Tell me! Quickly!” Sherlock demands.
"Why are you here, John? I've said sorry. I'll say it again, a thousand times. You can berate me more if it helps. I'll stand here and take it. But wouldn't it be better if we just..."
The warmth of Sherlock’s body seeps into John and he can feel the tension in every fibre of the detective, can feel his own body responding despite himself, can feel his remaining resistance slipping away. This is wrong, this is bad, he tells himself, willing himself to stop it. But a part of him doesn’t want to, even when he feels Sherlock’s free hand moving down his chest, to his stomach and lower.
"Thank you," Sherlock gives a mock bow.
Sherlock has to stop himself from yelling. "The HOUND drug!"
He shakes his head, having nothing past that and resumes scrutinising the stains on the wallpaper a foot to the left of John’s head. After a few more moments he tries again.
“Christ, Sherlock, I’m right here,” John answers from a few feet away. “Anyway, I can’t go with you, I have a date tonight.”
? You bloody heartless son of a bitch! Affected? What the fuck did you think was going to happen? That I would just get on with my life and forget you? That I’d watch you end up a bloody wreck on the pavement and just be…
“Yes, John, I know,” Sherlock replies grimly. Then he puts on his brightest false smile. “Ah, Detective Inspector Lestrade, how good of you to finally join us, now that all the excitement is over!”
“Underneath. They’ll hold.”
"War. The battle. It's outside. Sherlock, they're coming..."
“Yours?” John finishes for him. “I am. Unreservedly, hopelessly, and permanently yours. But as much as you need me, I need you. As horrible as the thought of my death is for you, yours is at least as bad for me. Maybe you can tolerate the thought of you being gone and me having to continue on without you, but I can’t. That’s the trick of the thing, Sherlock… if I’m yours, you’re going to have to be mine.”
.” His enthusiasm is palpable and it infects John as well.
John swallows his rising rage at that. “I told you where I was going and that I wasn’t leaving forever. You knew I was going to come back. Don’t act like you believe I don’t want to be here.” He puts a hand gingerly on Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t want to have to hear things from Mycroft. I want to hear from you.”
“Suicide…the… body…” John feels all the strength and anger begin to drain out of him, leaving him an uncomprehending shell.
Sherlock makes an appalled sound. “Not even milk? What about wool? Those don’t hurt your preciously fluffy creatures.”
"I need you to read me the report from Caroline," Sherlock orders. "Don't think about anything else, just read me the words on the page." Focusing enough to see the papers and read the words might just tear his brain apart, but he can watch John's lips without pain.
It had been twenty-one days.
When he returns home Sherlock is gone and so is the Woman. He refuses to let that worry him, and focuses on the fact that at least she is not there. He tidies the flat, strips the bed and launders the sheets - and the towels and Sherlock's blue dressing gown. Once he's remade the bed, which now only smells of cleanness, he decides he's purged 221B of her presence adequately, climbs into it, and falls asleep.
He leaves the room without a word and goes upstairs. He gathers a few things and returns to the sitting room. He wants to bolt, to storm out, to disappear and let Sherlock chew on that for a little while. But they have an agreement and John’ll be buggered if Sherlock will get him to break his word now.
It is almost exactly one year later when Sherlock comes home. He walks through the door without ceremony, while John is reading a case file. He is somewhat the worse for wear, thinner, paler, greyer, but then so is John. They stare at each other. John does not move, cannot move, cannot think, cannot breathe.
“That’s all right, Doctor,” he says quickly. “You rest up for your journey.”
“Mmm, like high noon in the desert.”
“Yes, I thought it might be. It’s really very simple. If you stop selling to me, you get to keep this nice stack of cash I’ve given you and you will have no trouble. If you do sell to me, my friend here will tell the police where you live and everything you’ve been doing – and I do mean
Everything was still for a moment, and then suddenly John coughed, bringing up more water. Sherlock felt a pulse spring to life under his hands. His own heart, which seemed to have stopped for as long as John’s had, began to beat again. “John, can you hear me?” Sherlock asked, putting a hand under his friend’s head. He wasn’t sure how long John had gone without oxygen – hopefully not long enough for brain damage. It had felt like hours.
John finds that he does not mind. He has not broken down again, not since the morgue. He’s been in a fugue and now that he’s coming out of it he doesn’t think he’s capable of crying again, though he knows it would be healthier if he could. But if he started he might never stop again. Victor’s tears stand in proxy for the ones he should be shedding, and he allows himself to pat the younger man on the back comfortingly while it runs its course.
“Okay, that takes care of the means,” John says, making a mental note to rewash all the dishes and scour the kitchen before either of them eat anything. “What about the man?”
thorough when you decided to break them.
John sputters for a moment and then sighs. "You royal pillock, you're right. Insufferable git."
“I can’t tell you,” Sherlock insists and John can see that it’s true. “But I promise you it’s not… it’s nothing to do with you. Us.”
“Shut up. All right, John, you wait at the entrance of the compound and we’ll go in through the offices.”
John stiffened for a moment, still angry, then melted into the embrace, resting his own head beside Sherlock’s and trying to steady his ragged breathing. He closed his eyes. “Just don’t ever do it again,” he said, voice trembling despite his best efforts.
Lestrade visibly cringes at the gratitude, stingy as it is. “Don’t thank me yet. I’m about to make your day. Because now I need to you to punch me. Hard.”
At some point, they start again, and it is still different than it ever was before, but it is no longer angry or unhealthy and it doesn’t feel wrong or shameful. The poison has been drained from the wound, but it still needs to be tended to. Their movements are soft and sweet, but also mournful, a testament of what has been lost. They are careful and a little bit fearful, Sherlock that John might break and John that Sherlock might vanish. Neither wants to take his eyes off the other, even for a second.
“Why don’t you?”
"It happened very suddenly in the alley. That's why I tripped." That's really the only information he can give John at the moment.
Suddenly he feels a hand slip into his, cold and dry and birdlike. Molly is sat beside him and is leaning her head on his shoulder, squeezing his hand, saying nothing. A distant part of him knows he should pull himself together, that sitting here crying like a child won’t change anything. But he can’t stop and he doesn’t even really want to try, it just pours out in retching sobs and the involuntary repetition of the words “I loved him” between them.
“I didn’t know he’d confessed to you,” he says, when John is done.
“Okay. Still, does it matter?”
John slowly leaned back, absorbing what had happened, while Sherlock fidgeted nervously, his eyes fixed firmly on the floor. At last John said quietly, “Why did you think that?”
John nods, getting up and starting to change out of his lounging clothes. “Gun?”
greatcoat, drawling a last parting shot and leaving him to tend to his defeated, incoherent friend.
“He saw us coming.” Sherlock swears. “He could be anywhere.”
Sherlock’s expression loses a bit of the childlike peevishness with which he typically greets his brother and shades towards true anger. “I’m not trying to do anything of the sort. John makes his own decisions and I expect he’ll continue to do so.”
“Then how do you know I want to go there?”
Once in Bruges proper, Sherlock barely even notices the two nights of sleeping rough before he find an in with the less savory classes. Just as well, it takes him that long to get a good read of the city, to feel it and understand it and become part of it.
YOU WON’T HAVE TO. WE’RE GOING TO SOLVE THIS.
He's stayed down just long enough to trigger John's concern. That won't do. He shifts just slightly so John can't see his face, and pretends to be inspecting his foot. "Yes, of course," he says calmly. "Uneven paving stone."
Sherlock is standing in the middle of the bedroom, surveying it in silent awe.
Sherlock doesn’t respond, but allows John to hoist him to his feet and help him to his bedroom, to tuck him in to his bed, to take his pulse and smooth his hair off his forehead. John kneels by his bedside. The last thing Sherlock hears before he passes into blissful unconsciousness is John telling him, “You didn’t make me say it. I won’t leave you.”
“Why, to tell us his house has been robbed, I expect,” Sherlock replies calmly. “I’d like to eat first, if you don’t mind.”
Now, though, she rushed in and threw her arms around him. “Oh John, I’m so sorry. So very sorry!” The raw, untempered honesty of her reaction nearly overcame him and he had to push down a lump in his throat and pull away from the hug to prevent himself from breaking down entirely.
“John!” he practically shouts, getting out of his chair and in one smooth move jumping on to the seat. “Chemical!”
“So you hid it?”
“Your loyalty is, as always, very touching,” she said, walking towards him with the grace of a panther.
“He could have killed you. He was trying to kill you – a few inches down and to the left…”
“Well, cancel. The coroner says the ligature marks on the body are like nothing he’s seen before. I need you to look at them.”
"That's you dead, little brother. You lasted 6 days, 3 hours, and 47 minutes. Even I thought you'd make it outside a week."
The bed is gone. Two walls have been lined with book shelves, containing most of Sherlock’s chemical library. One row of shelves is stocked with most of Sherlock’s chemistry supplies. There’s a rack for glassware, a sink, and hook-ups for gas, C0
"I did it
, except the game. And I don’t even care about that except as a way to pass the time. But you…you
Of course the time in bed is far from completely idle. Sherlock has a high and energetic libido even at the worst of times. His expressions of desire usually fall somewhere among one of three forms: the experimental, in which he sets about collecting data and esoteric facts about one or both of them during sex – from the exact heart rate at climax to the comparative levels of pleasure received from each of three carefully selected positions; the animalistic, which occurs after cases when both are on an adrenaline high or when Sherlock is in need of an outlet for his lust or frustration or some other thing, raw need and passion resulting in erotically rough and desperate sex, as well as occasional damage of bodies and/or property (or when they are both just extremely horny, which is often); and, finally, the gentle but needy, when Sherlock needs to communicate or understand something he can’t express, or if they’ve had a row, so that Sherlock can feel that everything is all right or apologise without having to say anything or even simply try and show John what’s going through his head and divine what’s going through John’s. John fully enjoys each of these, and has no objections to any of it.
On the way home, he grabbed Sherlock’s hand and interlaced their fingers, pulling him down for a full throated kiss right in the middle of the street, not caring who saw. They walked home, Sherlock still recounting his victories, although perhaps speaking a bit too quickly. When they reached the flat, John demurred from another passionate kiss, knowing where it would lead once they were inside, but gave Sherlock a peck on the lips and caressed his shoulder before retreating up to his room.
has suddenly got her fingers in everything from here to Britain.” He spits. “What’d she do to you?”
John runs a hand through his hair. “I didn’t mean…” He sighs heavily, embarrassed now. “It wasn’t what it sounded like. It’s just that… what we are. What we have. It’s so… so very, very important. It’s… precious and…and intimate. Just the fact of it. I hate sharing it, sometimes. I don’t want to let too many people in on it. I want it to be for just us, as much as it can be. And when it comes to Ms. Adler… Well, I just have this to urge to protect it… protect us, from her. I don’t want her to see or know or think she knows. I want to keep us as small and safe and tucked away from her as I possibly can, so there’s one thing she can’t pollute.”
“Yes. Bye.”
The last time they speak it is all lies, every word, and John cannot let himself think about it, can't believe he couldn't stop it, didn't know, couldn't sense it. And then it is over, has slipped away from him,  exactly as John had feared, only worse than he could have possibly imagined. There is nothing left to him, not even a man to take apart with his bare hands, not even vengeance.
Sherlock nods curtly, hesitates, and adds almost shyly, “It was very dim while you were gone. It’s brighter now.”
Victor doesn't reply and Sherlock sighs.
“No.”
Impulsively, Sherlock grabs him and kisses him, not caring who sees, and nearly lifting the doctor off his feet. "Brilliant!" he says gruffly, and John straightens his clothing sheepishly, but looks pleased.
John is quiet for a long time. Too long. He’s wavering, flickering unsteadily and for a moment he looks like he’s going to take Sherlock in his arms again despite what he’s said. But instead he gathers himself up, straightening into the stance and mien of the self-controlled soldier and making it impossible for Sherlock to know what he’s thinking.
John sighs. "Who is, Mrs. Hudson?"
He refused to be parted from John, in the ambulance or at the hospital. The staff tried to explain to him that he needed to be admitted, but he ignored them and they resorted to treating him as he sat by John’s bedside, watching like a hawk as the doctors stitched him up and warmed him with blankets and fluids. Sherlock would not budge, not until he was sure that John was stable and out of danger. Only then would he permit himself to be led to a bed and made to lie down, and that was only because he had caught himself nearly falling out his chair at John’s bedside.
"You could only hope to activate what was left in my system through the adjuvant," Sherlock mutters, half to himself.
“And your lot is left standing.”
John tossed and turned. He knew the one thing he mustn’t do was promise Sherlock, in word or action, something he wasn’t prepared to follow through on. So where did that leave them? Suddenly John smiled to himself. The only thing to do was to practise. Leave off the sex for now, and try the messy, in-between relationship stuff for a bit and see what happened. It would be awkward, but at least they’d get it over with straight away and then John would know if they could make it work. And, he had to admit, the thought of running his own experiment on Sherlock for once had a certain appeal.
“Nothing… just at what point in this operation would you care to involve the police?”
John mind races, looking over everything. “Perhaps it is a bit strange that the murder weapon was left here…he must have panicked and run off.”
He pushes that thought away. Even if he can ever forgive Sherlock for putting him through actual hell for the past two years, and even if he is capable of opening himself up again like that, body and soul and heart, there's more to think about now. It was one thing to throw himself into Sherlock Holmes' orbit without restraint when he was friendless, homeless, aimless. When he had nothing to lose and everything to gain, not truly understanding what he was binding himself to until it was far too late to want to escape.
John puts two fingers to the bridge of his nose. “Of course you don’t. Why would it occur to you that if you had managed to come to that conclusion before--”
“I have noticed,” he says in a neutral tone, “that when individuals react negatively to an unexpected change in a person, it is more often due to the cognitive dissonance caused by the conflict between the new behaviour and the perceived character or identity of a person they believe to know very well, rather than any intrinsic disapproval or abhorrence for the nature of the change.”
“Be that as it may, I still think it’s not a good idea. For the record. I realise that’s unlikely to stop you, but I do want you to think very carefully about what you’re doing and what it means.”
Sherlock pushes the memory away. He can’t possibly do what lies ahead if he’s dwelling on the past or fearing the future. He takes a deep breath and carefully finds a place for the pain in his mind palace, folding it gently into rooms rarely used. Instead he brings out a version of the truth that can sustain him.
“I said, let me think!”
Sherlock hesitates. Even the ghost of the memory is enough to turn him on, but it feels his current predicament is too serious for that sort of activity at the moment. There’s too much to worry about, too much that could end badly if the Baskerville drug isn’t the answer.
“Now what, then?” John asked, still sullen.
“It might go faster if you stopped speaking,” John suggests, irritably.
"What, now?" Sherlock is somewhat alarmed. He's come to terms with the concept, but saying it quite so frankly was another matter. It seems almost licentious.
IT'S NOT FINE, John retorts and if Sherlock could hear him he knows it would be a snap. AND IT'S CERTAINLY NOT GOOD. NOT SAYING NO ISN'T THE SAME AS SAYING YES. WHEN THINGS ARE GOOD, WHEN WE'RE BOTH INTO IT, WHEN WE BOTH KNOW WE'RE PLAYING, THAT'S ONE THING. THAT'S NOT WHAT THIS WAS. I WAS SO SO ANGRY WITH YOU. I WAS FURIOUS. WHAT YOU WANTED DIDN'T MATTER TO ME. AND YOU WERE INJURED, SUICIDALLY DEPRESSED, AND DISABLED, IN NO SHAPE TO DEFEND YOURSELF AND NOT THINKING CLEARLY. I VIOLATED–
John plays around on his laptop, but doesn’t have the heart to write up this case, both because of the sheer magnitude of the loss and Sherlock’s ultimate failure, despite his brilliance. It grows later and later and John begins to reconsider his decision to forgo sleep. As he is contemplating putting his head down on the kitchen table, he hears a thump from Sherlock’s room.
Sherlock can hear Rosie crying through the ceiling, and he hopes it’s mainly due to being tired and a toddler and not to the scene she’d just witnessed. It wasn’t as if he and John didn’t have loud rows at least once a week, often in front of her. She usually seems more entertained by them than frightened. But this was different somehow, and Sherlock feels guilty. And something else, too.
“Not quite,” she says.  “Go on.”
Sherlock finally starts to understands why John is so upset, even if he still finds the reasoning ridiculous. He tries to be gentler. "You would have known, because you know me. Even when you're angry and you don't think you care, you do. You still know me and know what I need. Does it matter if it's sometimes for the wrong reasons? And if I'd wanted you to, really wanted you to, if I'd said the word, you would have stopped."
“Anyway,” John continues cheerfully. “Would you mind giving this one some information about a more healthy and humane way to eat while I look around. He might listen to you, he’s gone stone deaf to me!”
“Wait,” John says, an idea growing. “What about someone who worked in a shop or garden centre? Are there any of those nearby?”
"It's revenge at best, and not even on the person who really deserves it," she croaks, starting to turn blue. "But if it'll make you feel better, go ahead."
, sure. But so much less
They stare at each other wordlessly for a long moment, then John collapses back against him and they lay in a heap on the floor, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s chest. “Thank God.”
“Sherlock, we can do that and more as many times as you would like. For whatever reasons.” John is still a bit shocked at everything that has happened this evening, but he committed to a course of action and second thoughts aren’t in his nature. And it was, he admits, the most spectacular sex of his existence. Next comes the interesting part. Continuing to live together while buggering the brains out of one another on regular basis. Some people would refer to that as a relationship, but John wasn’t betting on anything with Sherlock. If there was one thing he has just learned, it's that every expectation he had about the man could turn out to be wrong.
Satisfied, he fell at once asleep, still hearing the faint chords of the violin drifting up from Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock opens his mouth to retort, but before he can say anything they hear Mrs. Hudson yelling from the kitchen.
But then Sherlock remembers how intricately, how subtly, Moriarty had led them here, to the decision point that wasn’t really any decision at all. How even months ago Moriarty had engineered that moment of what John still felt to be his greatest failure, that attempt to destroy their bond if not themselves. There would be backups, fail-safes upon fail-safes to ensure that if Sherlock reneged whole armies wouldn’t be enough to protect his friends.
“I’ll still keep some of my things up here in the cupboard,” John says quickly. “I did move most of my clothes into your room… our room… but I tried not to mess up your system. I didn’t want to clutter it up, I know you hate that, so anything I don’t use a lot will stay up here. I hope you don’t—”
"Forever doesn't last beyond death," he snaps.
"The Hound drug?"
A pause. “Her… heart?” Sherlock whispers at last, as if this had not occurred to him before. He rallies. “Well, provided she doesn’t get too attached…”
"That's not me," Sherlock says, but his voice lacks conviction. Moriarty's lithe little body is pressed up against him, and he's pure sex looking feverishly up into Sherlock's face, and just for a moment, Sherlock feels it like a thunderclap.
Sherlock shakes his head. "The current treasurer of the Society is a woman who goes by the name Lady Sienna Forsythe, though of course that is false. She'll be the owner of those hairs you found at Bryant's house. Find her. I suspect that will be easy, by all accounts she's a difficult woman to miss. Make...friends... with her."
“You loved him, didn’t you? Oh, but poor Sebastian, he didn’t love you. Not the ideal foundation for a relationship…”
Sherlock waves the comment away. “Simple chemical reaction, completely harmless. No reason for barricading yourself on another floor.”
He jumps back and she does too, both hurriedly straightening their clothes. Sherlock is standing there, in his kitchen porter black and apron. He looks embarrassed, like a servant should, and averts his eyes.
“It has been four months and sixteen days since your last date, John,” Sherlock recited. “It’s been eight months and twenty-seven days since your last girlfriend broke up with you.”
Sherlock is certain that's not true, or at least it hadn't been what Victor had been planning for this morning, but follows him down, glad for a occupation to focus on. It's still chilly and the bees are sluggish. They work in silence for a few minutes before Sherlock decides there's no point in delaying any longer.  Keeping his eyes on his task, he sketches out the story as briefly and dispassionately as he can manage.
“It seemed best to leave on a high note,” Sherlock replies airily.
“It was childish of me, I admit, but suddenly I very much wanted to go on that dance floor, in front of everyone, and dance with someone I…chose… and not have anyone be able to say anything about it.”
“You make… a compelling…argument…” Sherlock murmurs distractedly as John grabs his hand and places one long index finger firmly in his mouth. He holds the base of it in his teeth as he licks ruthlessly around it, keeping Sherlock’s gaze shamelessly all the while. Sherlock eyes are riveted to John’s face, watching transfixed as he sucks Sherlock’s finger deeper into his throat, swallowing against it, using it as an instrument of his own satisfaction in a way that has clearly not previously occurred to Sherlock.
One of the most infuriating things about all of this is that he can’t use any of his own carefully cultivated network of informants to track down any useful intel. It was enough of a risk using his homeless contacts in London, but their loyalty had been longstanding and his brother could keep them under observation. In Europe, his relationships were far more tenuous and he could only guess how many of his former people had been turned.
Sherlock was rummaging for his phone. “Alright, I can’t stop you but I’m going with you,” John said firmly. “If nothing else, you need medical supervision.”
"Sherlock," he echoes. "Bye, Greg. I won't see you around."
“You tell me,” Sherlock says. “You’re the doctor.”
“Maybe you should direct your nocturnal energies to cleaning up, then.”
John is riveted and more than a little concerned by this. Sherlock repeats the walk-forward-and-then-back routine a few times before he finally reaches John.
One side effect of the relationship that John really should have foreseen is Sherlock moving from possessive (which he has been since day one), to maddeningly, viciously possessive. No woman who dares to speak, smile, or, God forbid,
Sherlock sweeps away, followed by the reluctant Bryant. John’s still concerned he might lose it, possibly in such a way as to get them all in trouble. Sherlock’s not exactly sensitive to that sort of thing, although he does have a certain skill in controlling people’s moods for short periods when he needs something from them, so perhaps it will be okay.
When Sherlock is at last nestled deep inside of John, where no one else has ever been or ever will be, he looks down into John’s eyes with an expression of joyful disbelief, perfectly still, perfectly at ease.
. Dying art, to die from skill? He did love his little Latin jokes. So since we’ve established you’re going to kill me at some point along the line, you might as well tell me what his real name was.”
"You didn't come here just to get away, did you?" he asks once the door is shut.
Sherlock’s nostrils flare and his eyes scan, unfocused, not getting it. “Are you angry because I got you injured?”
“Before what was too much?”
“All right, don’t start that again,” John orders in his most medical tone. “That’s how you ended up here in the first place. You’ll have to excuse my partner, he’s just very eager to hear what you have to say. Okay?”
“It would seem that way. Does anything else effect it besides distance?”
They shook hands briskly and John left, hailing a taxi to the train station. It would attract less attention than flying, and besides, he wasn’t sure exactly where to start, anyway. Croatia was probably his best bet, since Sherlock had definitely been there, but there didn’t seem to be a connection with Moran. Was it a wild goose chase that had let him there, or was there something John was missing in the files?
There was a deep silence between them. John took a rare moment to examine his own feelings. He liked girls. He had never been confused on that point. But he couldn’t deny his relationship to Sherlock went beyond mere friendship. He just wasn’t sure what that meant. They had gone from being strangers to being a unit in a literal instant. He had never questioned his immediate devotion to the man, perhaps because he felt there was no reason to, perhaps because he had been so desperate for a friend and companion when they had met, and perhaps because he was afraid of delving too deeply into what they had.
After a few moments tramping in silence Sherlock says slyly, in his most darkly seductive voice, "But I thought your sexuality
John forces himself to look up at his friend. Sherlock’s face is earnest, and afraid.  He still hates himself for what happened, for what he did, that’s not going to go away in a conversation or in a day.
John frowns briefly and bites his lip, no doubt thinking about the drug use. At last he says, “I trust you, Sherlock,” and scatters them to the floor, reaching up to run his fingers through the dark, silky hair again.
After what feels like ages of kissing and caressing and taking each other in again, John climbs atop Sherlock, barely having time to ready himself much less scramble for one of the discarded condoms, before Sherlock is wrapping long legs around him, trying to draw John into himself, desperate to feel him inside.
Sherlock makes a very low sound of assent, and John pulls him to his feet with an arm around his waist. “Get undressed. Get in bed.”
“I’m sorry… ma’am… did you say you’ve seen Mr. Bryant today?”
Sherlock hesitates and John can practically see his brain spark with the possibility of a case, the excitement back in his eyes. But after a long pause he says. “We’re not seeing clients today, Mrs. Hudson. Tell him to come back tomorrow after noon. And lock the door on your way out if you don’t mind, thanks
John shakes his head mutely, and Sherlock breathes a sigh of relief.
“You said it before, they want him scared. They want him unstable and acting oddly. When whatever is being planned happens and Bryant goes down for it, they want everyone around him to remember how edgy and off balance he’s been and think how obvious it was that he was up to something.”
He had really hoped that such a simple request could be handled without any actual personal contact with his brother. It was just paperwork after all, but he should have known Mycroft would want to meddle. He didn’t see any way out of meeting him, not if he hoped to get it taken care of quickly and quietly, and since the alternative was Mycroft coming to the flat, he opted to preserve his dignity and go to his office willingly. Semi-willingly.
Sherlock’s brow furrows at him. “Have I done something wrong?” he asks, in that nearly childlike way he has when he’s out of his emotional depth.
pleased...and moved. And furious.”
“What about…substances?” The slight hesitation makes it clear to what John is referring.
After that first day, John never said anything. He didn’t stay long, typically, just stood there in silence before the ebony headstone for a few minutes, like he was waiting for something to happen. Thankfully, the grave was in an out-of-the way spot in the cemetery, so he didn’t have to contend with other grief-stricken people visiting their loved ones. They would have made him self-conscious.
YOU BET I DON’T. AND I DON’T WANT TO UNDERSTAND. BECAUSE WHATEVER IT IS INSIDE YOU THAT MAKES YOU THINK THAT ENDING YOUR LIFE IS A VIABLE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM FOR EITHER OF US DOESN’T DESERVE UNDERSTANDING. IT DESERVES TO BE DESTROYED. IT DOESN'T GET TO HAVE YOU. IT DOESN'T GET TO WIN. YOU THINK I DON'T KNOW, BUT I CAN SEE IT THERE, IN YOUR EYES. YOU THINK IT'S YOU BUT IT'S NOT, IT'S LYING TO YOU AND YOU BELIEVE IT. YOU BELIEVE IT MORE THAN YOU BELIEVE ME. AND I'M NOT GOING TO PUT UP WITH IT AND I'M NOT GOING TO LET YOU GO, AND IF THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO KEEP YOU PRESENT, THEN THAT’S WHAT I’M GOING TO DO, BECAUSE I’M OUT OF GODDAMN IDEAS.
“Then why not just let me find you?”
“Then by all means, John, don’t watch. I didn’t ask you to come in here, I didn’t want you to come in here.”
It might be hours or days later when they surface, John doesn’t know or care. Sherlock is next to him in their bed, body humming in pleasure and keeping a death grip on John with one hand.
“Are you certain you have no idea where she’s gone?”
“Wait, so that means the next one will be…”
Was Sherlock even capable of any of that? And assuming he was, would it be enough for John? He thought so, but there was a nagging doubt in his head that part of him would always be longing for a girl to hold and giggle with and curl up on the sofa on Sunday mornings with, even as he lusted after his flatmate, even as he knew in his heart he loved him more than he could ever love any woman. Sex was straightforward enough, and so was friendship, but did he know how to be in a relationship with another man? And did Sherlock know how to be in one at all?
Greg spreads his hands almost meekly. “John, let me just say how—”
“You’re testing me aren’t you? This is a test.”
“And as if the light fraud and bonkers version of a proposal weren’t enough,” John continues, “you just casually throw out there that you’ll be adopting my daughter as part of the deal. Any other momentous, life changing decisions you’d like to make without my knowledge or consent while you’re at it? Are we moving to Fiji? Will you be transplanting one of my kidneys later while I’m asleep?”
“Oh, Christ, Molly. I’m so sorry… I can’t believe I… Did I hurt you?”
Sherlock presses his lips together anxiously. “Even I know I’m not a suitable guardian for a child. I’m not stable. Or safe. I don’t remember when she needs meals or naps or what toy she likes best this week. I don’t help you unless you practically force me. I wouldn’t blame if you’d decided that this… isn’t a good idea after all.”
The man in charge is unimpressed. He grabs a chair and sets it a few feet in front of Sherlock, sitting leisurely.  “Tourists don’t just stumble in here,” he says in decent, if plodding, French, having assumed Sherlock’s nationality from the carefully curated contents of his pockets. “And when they do they aren’t carrying this.”
“It was… It made me…” Sherlock struggles for the words and looks helplessly at John.
“Four days, Sherlock, she’s only been sixteen for four days!” John’s voice is rising now, moving from agitated to almost panicked. He starts pacing in a tight radius around Sherlock’s lab bench, running his hand anxiously through his silver-streaked hair. Sherlock watches him with undisguised fascination.
“I said no. I am not interested in getting washed or changed or doing anything else you tell me unless you give me a reason.”
Sherlock can't stand to be so close to him any more. He jumps to his feet and spins to face Moriarty. "All right, so tell me why? What was the plan?"
Keeping his eyes closed, as that feels more natural, Sherlock takes himself back from the moment they left the hospital, retracing their journey on the street but this time paying attention to all the cues he’d ignored before. To his surprise, he finds he can draw up a mental picture of the path they took, the streets they’d crossed, even some of the people they’d walked by – a woman in heels pushing an infant in a pram, an Indian businessman on his mobile speaking angrily, a group of school children with two harried teachers and three – no four – parental chaperones on a field trip.
“No.”
“Of course I’m up, I’m usually up.” Sherlock doesn’t look up from his text. “Is that a problem?”
For the first time since St. Bart’s, Sherlock realises he’s slowed down long enough to feel sorry for himself. Or maybe it's just the cold getting to him. But either way, he feels tired and lonely and, he hates to admit...sad.
But he doesn’t really have time to devote to contemplating her – Mary; he’s surprised to find he’s retained her name – when the important thing is getting his life back. Which means getting John back, among other things.
“Don’t let her get away! I need her. I need her back, I need to know…”
“I had assumed he would go for a doctorate in chemistry after university and he nearly did, but he’d gotten the detective idea in his head by then, and we had fallen out badly after Mummy… well, I suppose you must know all about that.”
“What, a child just wandered in off the street? That is unexpected. Does he have a case?” Sherlock looks perversely excited by the prospect, but John shakes his head wearily, pinching the bridge of his nose with two fingers.
“Sherlock is that you? What are you doing calling me on this number?”
Heart pounding, John finally manages to gather the presence of mind to resist, using all his strength to shove Sherlock off of him and hold him at arms length. “Sherlock, just stop for a second!” he exclaims. His friend is like a wild thing, all need and desire and instinct, no thought. At first he assumes Sherlock is high again, but he can quickly see that he isn’t, nor is he drunk. “You can’t just attack me like this. What’s going on?”
Sherlock blinks his bewilderment. “I did what you said you wanted. We fill out the paperwork, problem solved, you and Rosie don’t have to worry about it any more.”
“Alright now, let’s just take it easy,” the man said, waving his gun at Sherlock. “I’m going to come over there and put those cuffs back on you, and you’re gonna stay still while I do it, okay?”
John lets go of all conscious thought, the last of his anger, and any inkling of the existence of the woman at all, indulging completely in the velvety warmth of Sherlock’s ceaseless pulsing against him. It is like being cast into a warm pool and finding that he can float without any effort at all. The pleasure is intense, but not overwhelming, building slowly but never quite pushing him over the edge. He allows himself to get lost in the sensation so completely that it’s a shock when after long minutes it finally stops.
Weeks pass. John heals. They do not speak of that case or the events surrounding it. New cases come, some exciting, some dull. There is a new tension between them. They are careful around each other. When they touch accidentally, both jump. John starts looking for a new girlfriend, feeling hard up but unable to resign himself to casual sex. He fails, miserably, unusual for him – he gives off the ultimate nice-guy vibe and has never had trouble getting a date before, although with Sherlock around keeping them has been much more of a challenge. He refuses to think of the possibility that his heart is not in it this time.
," he spits the word, "knowing you were alive. I would have been safer with you."
“I’ll give you as long as I can,” the older man agreed, and slipped away into the last moments of the night with his army and his prisoner.
“Why not?”
John has nothing to say to this, except, “And I thought my relationship with Harry was screwed up.” He sincerely hopes he won’t have to face Mycroft any time soon, though can’t help but be pleased that it seems Mycroft approves of him in general, even if he is less than thrilled to be exposed to the specifics of what John has been doing to his sibling.
“You have a fever, and…a lot of wounds…and broken bones…”John could read the story of the past weeks on Sherlock’s body and his expression grew hard. He could see plainly Sherlock had probably had only another day or two if he hadn’t come when he did.
“The same way I know you haven’t gotten more than four hours of sleep in a night for at least six months, that you play golf regularly but don’t enjoy it, that you recently started a new relationship and are a considerate lover, and that while you now enjoy a comfortable upper middle-class existence you actually grew up in poverty.”
"Why, Detective Inspector Lestrade of course. Don't you ever read my notes?"
Sherlock looks at him in surprise. “John, I told you, this is what I’m doing now. That is what I will be doing tomorrow,” he tells him, as if it should make perfect sense. “Unless you are tired of this and want to investigate on your own?”
He laughs incredulously at himself and Victor grins. “So, now what?”
As Sherlock is issuing instructions to the overwhelmed Bryant, John’s eyes fall on the doorjamb next to him. He reaches out and plucks something hanging from a splinter. “Sherlock…”
“Why did you make me do that?” she asks, still not looking at him, her voice cold and empty.
. He can’t possibly go to sleep in Sherlock’s bed, full of the echoes of all their nights together, probably still smelling of both of them, of their last sex, hurried and distant and distracted as it had been. He can’t wash the half-empty tea mug with Sherlock’s lip prints still on it, or put away his experiments or reshelve the last book he’d been reading, still on his chair by the fire.
“What did I say about the brain?” John kisses him again, just for a moment, then pulls away and turns around, heading to the stairs. He can sense Sherlock’s panic at this development, and turns back to him. “Can you please trust me, Sherlock?” He motions for Sherlock to follow him and goes to his bedroom, shutting the door behind them.
Sherlock paused in the shadows as he approached the huge, circular structure. The Globe loomed above him, in all its faux Elizabethan glory. He did not like meeting on someone else’s terms. Then again, he had chosen the time and location of their last meeting and it had hardly been on his terms either. The question was not so much “why here?” as “why at all?” Moriarty could have continued watching him invisibly forever, or, alternatively, killed him outright. Why this meeting? It was certainly a trap, but to what point and purpose? He knew he was playing by someone else’s rules now, but curiosity got the better of him and he went in.
"You could come with me,” John points out, making an effort to seem as unruffled by the baiting as possible. “A meeting like this seems right up your alley.”
“What paperwork? Mr. Moran does not like paperwork.” He began eying John suspiciously again.
John snorted. “Oh, shut up.” He proceeded to pump Sherlock full of the strongest antibiotics he had been able to find. The infection didn’t appear serious, but it had gone too long untreated. Then he got to work, cleaning, stitching, and bandaging Sherlock. John could have used some first aid himself – it appeared not all of Moran’s guards had gone down without a fight. His face and hands had several small cuts and he was rapidly developing a black eye.
Mycroft manages to stop his gaze from flickering to his law degree on the wall, but it’s a close thing. “Clearly I’m not going to change your mind, so I’ll take care of it for you. You’ll have to come back to sign everything when it’s ready.”
Data received and processed, Sherlock startles purposefully, feigning disorientation and not feigning the throbbing in the back of his skull. “P-please don’t hurt me,” he stutters in shaky Dutch, struggling faintly against his bonds. “Take whatever you want.”
John lathers him again and Sherlock can feel the tension in John's body against him as he approaches with the blade. Still, his hands are rock solid and confident when he starts at Sherlock's left ear and works down, shaving with the grain of the hair. He's working very slowly, but making no mistakes. He does across Sherlock's face and under his nose, then tilts Sherlock's head back and, with a deep breath, starts on his neck and throat.
‘brilliant’ deduction,” John counters, toying with him. “You didn’t get this one all on your own.”
Suddenly he remembered. The Heimlich maneuver. It sometimes worked as a last resort to clear water from the lungs. He got behind John and wrapped his arms around him, making a fist with both hands and driving it up into John’s diaphragm has hard as he could – one, two, three times. On the third thrust, a fountain of water erupted from John’s mouth and nose. Sherlock let go of the breath he’d been holding, and lay the other man back down, again breathing into his mouth, four times.
Mr. Božić went pale. “I had orders to hold it, I promise you! It was ready almost two weeks ago, although it is a very small shipment – I did not expect Mr. Moran to order again so soon.”
John rolled his eyes. “Are you trying to say that I can either have sex with you right now or go out and get you some cocaine?”
“You want to be seen as a man of your word, but in reality you have no qualms about stabbing your partners in the back to get what you want, except perhaps Moriarty, who may have been the only person you actually loved in this world, other than yourself. You don’t hesitate to use weapons such as poison or trickery, although you’d prefer everyone to believe that you’re the type of man to kill ‘honestly’, in broad daylight, rather than hiding in shadows as you so often do. That’s why you became a sniper and not a plain infantryman. You want the honor of a soldier but you don’t like the risk. You enjoy cruelty and have always been ashamed that you do, which is why you were attracted to Moriarty, because he was the first person that didn’t ask you to be anything other than what you are.”
John lifts his head, instantly in doctor mode. “What, you mean literally? Can you see okay right now? What colour is the chair by the fire?”
John’s stomach turns. “No, Sherlock, I can’t. I know, you’ve explained to me it was what you needed and you think that I just knew you so well that I sensed that and here we are so it doesn’t matter. But it does, Sherlock. I always knew there was a monster inside of me, but I never thought it would turn on you.”
interested in him, but again, nothing stuck to him. Then about two years ago…that’s funny, there’s nothing after late 2009.”
John’s insides turn to jelly at that, but he says, “I think they already know, Sherlock.”
"Shave me."
Sherlock finally gets John’s cardigan and shirt off of him, but before he can explore the new landscape John turns the tables on him, gets him on his back, shirt fallen completely open now, and begins tracing patterns on Sherlock’s chest and stomach with his tongue, hands sliding up and down his side, outlining his slim figure. Sherlock puts his deft fingers to work on John’s belt and begins to unbuckle it, and John makes a filthy sound and rolls off him on to his side, allowing Sherlock to remove his trousers, to reach into his pants and free him at last.
John fills Sherlock up, gripping Sherlock’s hair tight enough to convey his desire, his need. Sherlock winds his agile tongue around John’s shaft and snakes a hand back to stroke John’s buttocks, softly at first then harder, massaging, stimulating the area around John’s anus without touching it, just enough to enhance the sensation of Sherlock’s steady suction, his careful tonguing.
Sherlock frowns. "But you kept it, even after you found out the truth about your father?"
Sherlock shakes and tilts his head violently, trying to make a sound, trying to find an angle to orient to, any noise, any sense of direction. Slowly he realises that there is a rhythm in the dark. Something pressing on him, tapping.
John gets home mid-morning on Tuesday. Sherlock, predictably, takes no notice. He’s sitting sideways in John’s chair, legs dangling over the arm and head tilted back, staring blankly at the ceiling while he thinks through some problem. John trudges up to his room to unpack, feeling both relieved and oppressed at being back.
“I’ll pitch in, of course,” Mrs. Hudson added.
John doesn’t know how long they lie there, but at last Sherlock stirs and then just as abruptly aborts the movement, returning again to perfect stillness but now with a tense undercurrent humming against John’s body.
Sarah frowned. “I’ll do us a fry-up,” she said, going into the kitchen. John followed wearily. “Now, tell me what’s up. You said Sherlock was acting weird, but isn’t he always?”
It feels not so much like a series of discrete encounters as a single, endless tryst, punctuated only by brief forays to attend to other needs; a constant state of languid arousal, ebbing and flowing but never really going away. Moving from half-asleep touching and fondling, to long investigations of each other’s bodies with gentle hands and lips, to sweet and lazy sessions of getting one another off in every possible way and position that doesn’t involve feet on the floor, to two straight hours of nothing but kissing, and back again.
When Sherlock comes to he is expertly tied to a chair in what he can safely assume from the soured yeasty smell and the muffled noise above is the cellar of the same pub. There are three men in the room, the largest of whom he recognises as his first assailant and all of whom seem to be quite eager to chat with him. He gives no sign of consciousness at first, while he assesses his situation through the hair that’s fallen over his eyes.
“Pressing concerns? Like what?”
In the darkness of his head he pulled up every event, every detail connected with Moriarty. He scrutinised them again, frame by frame, trying to find a connection, a clue, anything. Five pips. Carl Powers. Trains. Missile plans. Columbia. A golem. A Vermeer. They only thing they had in common was Moriarty himself, his illustrious career as a consulting criminal, like a trophy wall leading Sherlock straight to him. Moriarty did not want to be found now, but he still liked trophies. There must be something Sherlock was missing.
“This is the annual charity gala he hosts with his…lady companion.”
“All right, come in,” John calls, sitting on the bed to remove his shoes.
This chapter contains a depiction of sex that some readers may find upsetting. Be warned.
"Of course it's not a game, so what are you playing at?"
! Of course, he must have used removable showerhead to knock her unconscious! Stupid! John, get dressed!” He runs out, still talking to himself, or possibly the imaginary version of John he seems to keep with him at all times.
“He killed at least three other girls, and never would have gone to trial for those murders. His sentence for the kidnapping, had he lived, would have been far too light. He would have gotten out, he would have done it again.”
John is speechless, and more than a little horrified. “Wait, what? He was
“John,” he offers nervously, stroking John’s shoulder. “Perhaps if we were to go into the bedroom, you could explain it me?”
He doesn't mean the house he's shared with Mary for the past two years, with the tidy back garden and the gated drive. He means Baker Street. He means wherever Sherlock is.
John chuckles. "Yes, I was a bit. What about now?"
“That… wasn’t really my point,” Sherlock says. “But, yes, if you need to know. I should have thought it was obvious.”
“You know what I’m talking about.”
Sherlock can feel the sigh in John's body. There is a long pause.
“I can’t lose you, John,” Sherlock whispers. “I can’t see you hurt.”
Such thoughts are unworthy of them both, John knows, but can’t quite help himself. He could never have imagined Sherlock to be capable of an emotional response of this level to the loss of another human being, and now that he’s seen it it’s even harder to imagine it lavished on himself.
“The morning?”
John pauses. He’d been so pessimistic of this leading to anything and unsure what it would be if it did, that he hadn’t thought further than this. But after a moment’s pause he knows with certainty what he’s got to do.
They break apart but don’t let go of each other. John smiles, a little stupidly.
After a long silence Sherlock asks, “Are you feeling quite well, John?”
Sherlock turned away from the theatre and was surprised to see John running towards him, not 50 metres away. He shocked his friend by pulling him into a spinning bear hug, whooping with his victory and relief, however short-lived it might turn out to be.
Sherlock paces anxiously as he waits for John to come over. He's not at all sure he's done the right thing, that his gesture will be accepted for what it's meant to be. He can’t tell if the new boundaries between them are natural outgrowths of the changes since they were last together or if John has placed them there intentionally and is unwilling to alter them.
imagine.” Moriarty laughed from the darkness. “But I wanted to see you again. And obviously you
He continues this way, his voice catching a bit when he reaches John’s shoulders, now both marked by scars, the right one still pink and shiny. He kisses both with upmost delicacy, and John cannot stand to be passive any more. “You can finish later,” he whispers and sits up, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s torso pulling him back down, somehow escaping Sherlock’s vise-like hold, and beginning to unbutton his shirt, carefully, methodically. He slips his hands underneath it, revelling in the smooth skin beneath his fingers even as he feels Sherlock beginning to undo his trousers. He slips the shirt off Sherlock’s shoulders and climbs on top of him, gasping a little at the sight of the alabaster body beneath him.
He broods in the taxi on the way home, not so much as to when or whether John will return – John always returns – but about what could have made him so touchy in this case. John barely dated any more anyway, a fact that Sherlock couldn’t deny he’d had a hand in.
But John didn’t even have time to turn fully before the other man plunged the blade into his back. Time seemed to stop as John teetered on the edge of the pier, illuminated by a single yellow safety light, and then fell soundlessly into the freezing black water.
Instantly alert, he jumps up and runs to the door. “Sherlock? Sherlock are you all right?” He tries the doorknob. It’s locked. Fear chokes his throat. “Sherlock, answer me or I’m breaking this door down right now!”
Sherlock does not pull away, but shakes himself like he is in a dream. “Sorry for what, John?”
“What?”
Sherlock can now only whimper in response. John repeats this performance with the other fingers on Sherlock’s right hand, deliberate and unhurried as he feels the tension build in Sherlock’s body beneath him until the younger man is panting and paralyzed with his need, his brain short-circuited by the stimulus.
“Yours,” John agrees, craning his neck to bite Sherlock’s shoulder and wrapping his legs around Sherlock’s, pulling their hips more tightly together. He arches his back, thrusting up against Sherlock, gasping in pleasure at the friction. “Only yours.”
Even before John can see it properly, he knows, he
And John does, spilling over, emptying himself completely into Sherlock, even as he feels Sherlock shudder and explode under his hands, bending down to lick the hot fluid off his stomach, wanting to taste, to know, to have some of Sherlock within him too. They stare into each other’s eyes, unmoving, unblinking, until John slips quietly from Sherlock and comes to rest next to him, suddenly bashful.
Sherlock said nothing. He knew any response would give him away.
He mulls over Victors cryptic comment all the way home and for several days after. It’s true, he wants more from John, but maybe more is impossible in this stage of their lives, after all they’ve put each other though. They are friends and lovers. They belong to each other. He shouldn’t complain just because John isn’t perpetually within arms’ reach, that Sherlock isn’t the sole focus of his existence.
Sherlock lets John take his hand and pull him up, and lead him to the bathroom. Already he's starting to feel impatience, and dread, over his situation and the uncertainty of the cause, but for John's sake he shoves it to the back of his mind and tries to keep a tight hold on what they've just shared.
“May I ask you one more question?
John relates his conversation with the imposter aristocrat. "She mentioned someone who sounded like he was in charge, just called him 'him', but she didn't seem to like it and said she wasn't allowed to meet him."
Sherlock makes a quiet noise of disgust and goes to present himself to his host. Might as well get it over with.
,” she says simply. “Look at us both.”
John’s typing has slowed to almost nothing in the warmth of the fire and the aftermath of the large meal. He finds himself in a cheerfully sleepy haze, staring at nothing in particular, and is pleased when Sherlock asks, “Would you like me to play for you, John?”
He must have run for thirty minutes, twisting and turning, always listening and watching for any sign that he had been tracked. Finally he was satisfied that he had escaped, at least for the moment. It was dark now, and freezing. He was exhausted. He ducked into the first cheap-looking restaurant he saw and ordered hot coffee and soup. He needed to decide his next move. He obviously couldn’t go back to his room – the man hadn’t just been watching the house for anybody, he had known John’s name. It would be ransacked by now, and all the stolen goods retrieved. It was even possible they would call the police on him and he would be wanted as a smuggler himself, though he guessed Moran would prefer to keep his activities off the radar altogether.
“Exactly. Some people read words as music, or see numbers as colours, or smell touch.”
Sherlock nods. “We have to leave right away, you can’t go back to your flat. Do you have your gun with you?”
“Mrs. Hudson got them for me. She’ll be round in a little while, wanted you to have your things. Besides, Dr. Watson sees you like that, he’ll just worry,” Lestrade told him.
“Sherlock!” John reprimands.
“You’re Mr. Božić? Gregor Božić?” A little internet research had turned up some basic facts about the shop, which was well-regarded locally, and its owner.
“I said are you sure we should take Bryant with us? He’s not very stable, he might panic. Or have a heart attack.”
He sighed with despair, and set himself to examining each pack in each carton in detail, for any hint of their destination. Maybe one of the microchips had the info, but he’d need a way to read it – he was sure his laptop was not up to the job. As he set to work on the second carton, he noticed a tiny scrawl on the bottom of one of the packs, in very faint pencil. He held it up to the light. He knew that spare handwriting! His heart leapt. Sherlock must have scribbled the note when he first inspected the merchandise.
John shakes his head, running his fingers through his hair. "I'm sorry I didn't say more, but thought it would be safer to wait and tell you in person."
John doesn’t waste a second throwing on clothes and grabbing his gun and jacket. He bursts through the door, not even bothering to lock up behind him. He leaps down the stairs two at a time and nearly runs over Mrs. Hudson on his way out. He grabs her shoulders to steady her. “So very sorry, Mrs. Hudson, emergency, have to go!”
“That should have formed a precipitate,” Sherlock continues relentlessly. “A white one. Did it?”
Sherlock stands abruptly. “Well, this has been... terrible. Are you going to do as I’ve asked, or do I have to take care of it on my own? I do despise lawyers.”
. And that’s all very sad and moving and says something deep about my own twisted psychology, I am sure, but I like to think that there is a significant difference between a capable adult who I am friends with now and a sparrow I found when I was still in short pants!”
Sherlock looks at him helplessly. “I’m sorry,” he says at last, pushing closer into John’s side in that way he has when he knows John is angry and is trying to gauge by feel whether he’s been forgiven.
The tone takes the wind out of John's sails and to his surprise he finds he's curious as to what could possibly make Greg so persistent in getting a hold of a man he must know hates him.
“I am nothing if not careful,” he said, flashing her a hollow smile. She left and he followed her discreetly until she got safely in a cab. Then he turned his attention to the mobile. There didn’t seem to be anything amiss with it. He re-inserted the battery and powered up the phone, listening for any faint signal or sign that additional hardware had been installed. There was nothing.
Sherlock scoffs. “One of those things sounds appealing.”
"So what will you do with me, Doctor?" Her voice is harsh and laboured. "My role in this ended the moment your friend hit the pavement. But there are others charged with ensuring that that situation, and his public humiliation, remains as permanent as it initially appeared. Moriarty was not a trusting man. He assumed Sherlock would have his own contingencies to preserve his life or at least his reputation. Turning me in to the authorities and exposing the truth could have... consequences for you, and Sherlock's other friends."
“Oh, this is getting interesting,” Moran said, settling back in the chair across from Sherlock, swirling his vodka in the glass. “Go on then. What kind of a man am I?”
John shrugged him off. “Fine,” he said at last, bitterly. “But if I don’t hear from you, I am coming after you and good luck getting rid of me then.”
”. I fucked the lady. Sherlock’s thin lips narrowed even further. He threw the phone to the sidewalk, and ground it into the pavement with his foot for good measure.
Sherlock tenses momentarily, then composes himself enough to turn away from his microscope and regard John coolly. “John, I’m working. And why are you whispering?”
Sherlock replaces the phone and focuses again on John. “I presume you went to Bryant’s office, discovered an imposter there, wearing his clothes judging by this jacket, engaged in a fight and pursuit, and then allowed him to escape without finding out any meaningful information from him.”
John listens in silence for long minutes, content to lose himself in the music and to watch his friend, always elegant, transformed into an almost transcendent creature as he bows, so lost in his playing that all else fades away, including the stiff arrogance and self-consciousness that he typically surrounds himself with.
Moriarty grins and approaches him with a predatory air, confident. "Tell me you don't feel it at all, Sherlock. We were made for each other, and this world was made for us. Think what we could do together. How exciting it could be. We could take this world and dismantle it brick by brick." He's standing very close to Sherlock now. Too close. Sherlock can feel the heat pouring off his body. "We could take this world and burn it into ashes just for something pretty to look at."
Sherlock makes a soft sound of gratitude and pulls him even closer.
Sherlock turns away and climbs into bed before John can finish that sentence. John joins him in a moment, and it is reassuring. He expects sleep to be a challenge, but his mind and body are so worn out from the day that it takes him before he even has a chance to notice he is fading.
“Handled, managed! Mycroft, Lestrade, you, Mrs. Hudson. Don’t think I don’t know that you all talk about how to deal with me, how to keep me out of trouble, how to keep me clean. I hear you whispering to each other. ‘Do you think he’ll do it? Better keep an eye on him. Search the flat. He’s being unreasonable. He can’t be trusted.’ You all treat me like a problem child. I know Mycroft has you monitoring me, I know you meet with him when you think I'm not watching. You’re no better than he is!”
“I know it’s a long shot, but you’re all I’ve got. I want to find out what happened as—” He stops short and John can see he had been about to say that he wanted to find out as much as John did but had thought better of it.
John looks up at him, so sadly, not even angry at being trapped like this. “There’s nothing you can do. It can’t ever be like it was. Life doesn’t work like that. Now, just let me go.”
“Yes, to be safe, although don’t draw unless you have to. I can’t imagine this lot will be armed. They’ll want to make sure if they’re caught, they can’t be charged with that as well.”
“John?”
“Let’s hope not,” John says, wiping cold sea-spray from his face. Talking seems to help distract from the queasiness so he asks politely. “Uni, eh? Where at and what are you studying?”
would like to know.”
"Have you thought about what you'll do if he's not waiting for you when you get back? Not that it's likely to matter..."
"Okay," says John, making a visible effort to pull himself together. He cycles through colors like a nervous chameleon. "Just tell me what you need."
“That thought would never occur to me,” Mycroft says, standing and twirling his umbrella smugly. “Would you like a lift?”
“So, what, I just happened to meet him in a good year?”
Sherlock seems puzzled. “If you don’t—”
“What are you talking about? And how do you – no, you know what, never mind. I really don’t want to the answer to that.”
"Do you want to know how I knew, for certain, that it was you?" Sherlock asks mildly, as if inquiring about the weather. "The train station. Did you give yourself away on purpose?"
“Mmm.”
"Okay, enough mystery. What did you find out? What is this shipment she was talking about? What are they setting up Bryant for?"
“Is this your version of the ‘break his heart and they’ll never find your body’ speech?” John asks. “Because you’re not very good at it. Not to mention we aren’t actually together. All your surveillance must have told you that much at least.”
"What?" asks Sherlock, confused.
“You don’t even know, do you? Oh, that’s precious. You wanted me to magically use my attraction and skill with women without actually flirting, touching, or doing anything that might make you jealous. Well, you can’t have it both ways. If you’re not going to bother to share any information about a case with me, then I’m going to use my best judgement as how to proceed. And you’re either going to have to live with it, or start letting me in on your little plots before I violate some rule I didn’t even know was there!”
Molly’s face crumples, and she puts her hand back on his arm. “It’s all right… It’s… I know you didn’t mean it. Any of it.”
“I’d like to sleep now, I think,” Sherlock says, stifling a yawn. “Not too long though. Need to get back to work.”
Victor falls silent, at least willing to take the argument under advisement. Then his eyes narrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock looks into the yellow orange embers of John's face and smiles. "I see you."
“No,” he agrees. “But I’m fairly unhinged at the moment and willing to take that chance, how about you?”
“There are people out there who won’t care about her at all.”
Sherlock inclines his head and cocks an eyebrow. "We should get back before they think we've been eaten by giant tube rats. Not that that wouldn't be entertaining, but I supposed we have put the police through their paces enough for one day." He turns and starts walking back to the track.
“I know, John. I’m sorry, truly. I’ve said it and I’ll say it a thousand more times if you want.” Sherlock was doing his best to sound genuinely contrite, and in his heart he was. But this was getting to be a bit much, really – couldn’t they just move on? Still, John apparently needed more from him in the apology department and he didn’t really have much leverage to refuse.
Victor is unhappy at being sidelined, but agrees, unable to break John’s calm, immovable certainty.
John shakes his hand amiably. “Long story. Can you show me where the body was?”
She stared at him blankly, irritated.
“I thought if I could I understand the music, I could know what it means. But it doesn’t seem to matter how I play it, or how much, it makes less sense every time. What does it mean, John?”
“Not in the least.”
“No idea. But it was someone who went to a lot of trouble to frame our friend here – planting fingerprints, using his chemicals, stealing and returning his boots. He was trying to kill two birds with one stone, so to speak. Suspect and victim didn’t know each other, but I’ll bet there’s someone who knows, and hates, both of them. Now if you’re wise, you’ll release this incredibly unlucky man and start looking for a mutual connexion!”
he told himself.
“You’re paranoid,” John dismisses.
The cooling tank beeps before John can give him a horrified look.
the attraction, though I’ve never been partial to blondes myself. But he’s got a little fight and plenty of loyalty. So
Sherlock approached the bed solemnly. “You’re all right.”
"Jesus, we're into secret codes now, are we?"
? You have a gun, I have snipers everywhere, blah blah blah. You shoot me, I have you shot. Or, you shoot me, I have all your friends shot in their beds. Haven’t really decided yet. Perhaps both. But in any case,
“One day at a time, Sherlock,” John said fondly.
“Hi,” he says, trying to keep his voice in a slightly higher register, and slipping an arm around Sherlock’s waist, who looks bored and examines his fingernails. “I’m trying to get this silly bugger to see the error of his ways. Terrible diet, this one – red meat, processed sugar, just awful. Of course he doesn’t gain a pound and I get fat off salad. The injustice.”
John nods but says nothing. He hasn't been able to bring himself to go there yet, although he knows he must do it eventually. Soon. Not today.
She stares him down for long seconds and then relents, accepting that he's both serious and capable. “Very well. Moriarty laid a trap for Sherlock Holmes, as you know. And for you, Doctor. He was quite mad of course, but it doesn’t matter because he was brilliant and had more power than you can possibly imagine. He didn’t just want Sherlock dead. He wanted him destroyed, utterly. That’s where you come in.”
She shrugs carelessly. “I am sorry that your friend was not what he appeared to be. He fooled us all.  It must be very humiliating for you.”
"You were there. You were what, twenty metres away from me? You heard everything I said and couldn't find it in your heart to give me an iota of hope. You had a whole year to contact me, anything, even just one word in a text message, and chose not to. You just walked away, didn't you?"
He nods silently, and John apparently sees what he needs to know that Sherlock’s accepted what he’s said. “I need sleep, I can’t think straight. You should join me.”
Mycroft puts his cup down. “Sherlock has asked me to change his will. He also asked me not to tell you about it.”
John looks at Sherlock like his spouse has sprouted tentacles out of his forehead.
"Myelin is like an insulator for your brain," John tells him, tugging at his hair and ears repetitively and cracking his neck like a tic. "It forms around your neurons, it protects them and keeps everything from going haywire. Without it..."
He pulls back the slightly stale bedclothes and crawls under them, willing himself to fall asleep immediately, grateful for his ability to blank his mind out under almost any conditions. He doesn’t remember his head hitting the pillow.
Sherlock, though frequently completely inattentive to his physical needs, is not quite so thoroughly self-destructive as he often appears. John has discovered that he actually has a finely tuned sense of when he’s pushed himself just a little too far, when he’s lost a bit too much weight, when he’s punished his body and brain so much that both are starting to rebel. His solution to this is two to four days of sleeping, eating, light reading, and absolutely no contact with the outside world.
They decide to walk home, even Sherlock agreeing the fresh air will do him good. To his mild surprise it’s morning rush hour – they’d been in the lab all night. He’s bad enough at keeping track of time, of days, during a case, but now he feels complete unharnessed from any sense of the world’s rhythms, without even light cues to remind him what’s passing.
John nods his thanks. He glances about him. "Actually, is there somewhere private we can talk?" The housekeeper is bustling around the main floor and a man is working on a repair to the archway between the great room and the formal dining room.
“You played that a lot more than you realised,” John told him. “I never wanted to forget that night, so I recorded it on my phone when you weren’t paying attention.”
“You crazed clot,” John adds, affectionately.
upbringing.”
He can’t go to Greg.
John smiles a little nervously. “Well, you’re always saying how it’s wasteful to have two bedrooms and that you could use this space as a lab… I listened. Is it… okay?”
He moves down Sherlock’s side, dragging his teeth from Sherlock’s ribcage to his waist, nipping a little at tender skin and watching it pucker into gooseflesh and then go smooth again. He makes to continue lower, then stops suddenly and raises himself up on elbows to look Sherlock in the face.
It is a dark year. He contemplates suicide often, but that would negate everything he had with Sherlock, even as he is furious at him for taking that option, even after he finds out why he did so. Still, more than once, he finds himself holding his sidearm in the dark, longing for the release it offers.
“Mmm. We danced to this, didn’t we? At Mycroft’s party.” John says it straightforwardly, as it if it is neither good nor bad, just a memory they share.
John grins. “Do you even have to ask?”
John nodded. It was bad, but not a fatal overdose. Nothing to do but ride it out, now.  “Sherlock, why did you come up here to my room? Why are you wearing my trousers?”
“No. Only if it’s a really difficult case. Or if we’ve had a row and you’ve gone off to get some air. Then things can go a bit greyscale like today.”
He’s a man in mourning, who doesn’t know how to mourn, and John doesn’t know how to teach him. Isn’t sure he wants to.
Sherlock’s inner struggle between his natural curmudgeon and the desire John has set coursing through his veins is written all over his face. He hesitates for just a moment too long, and then, at last, cranes his neck up to take John’s mouth in his and kisses him violently, dragging John’s head back down with him and using his agile legs to slam John’s pelvis against his.
“Are you telling me you did not, in fact, make that commitment in your own mind within 48 hours of meeting my brother?” Mycroft is implacable and unreadable.
“Boys! You’ve got another one!”
"Sherlock, what happened? You all right?"
Sherlock shakes her off. “Perfectly fine. And I don’t need to be led around like a feebleminded child. I remember the way, and even if I didn’t I could easily follow the sound of those ridiculously painful shoes you’re wearing because you think they make your rather flat bottom more attractive and the smell of your over-applied chemist shop perfume.”
He leaves the ballroom and after a few wrong turns in the huge mansion, manages to find an exit, though it’s not the one they came in. He is in some kind of courtyard. There are stables in front him. Actual stables, with, he imagines, actual Thoroughbred horses in them. It’s not hard to find Sherlock, leaning morosely behind the stables, smoking.
Then he goes back into Sherlock’s room and manages to get him off the floor and into his bed. John cleans and tends Sherlock’s wounds as well, disposes of the remaining drugs and paraphernalia, and climbs into the big bed next to him, reluctant to leave him on his own. Throughout it all, Sherlock barely stirs.
Sherlock frowned, and shifted on the bed, draping one leg over the footboard and worrying the edge of the duvet with his fingers. He seemed deflated, a little lost, and very nervous. John was struck by the intense weirdness of the situation, the two of them sitting on his bed, talking in the night like schoolgirls.
"John, I know, it was... wrong of me. I know you're angry. But I'm home now. It's over."
“Alright, start talking,” John said.
Sherlock shakes his head. "It's okay, John. I mean it. I'm fine. I'm not shamming this time."
John sighs happily, almost at peace. “Sherlock,” he says tentatively. “Can we stay here today? Like this?”
“Okay. Just give me one moment.”
Sherlock’s lips are pressed tight together, his eyes unreadable. “You told me that you would do whatever I wanted, whatever I needed. You promised me. Well, what I need is for this to stop and for you, for both of us to forget it ever happened. Will you do that for me?”
And then
She gives him a long, measuring look. “Not unhinged enough to trifle with a grieving lover.”
"Difficult? Well, obviously the logistics required to ensure everything goes smoothly are complex, but I wouldn't exactly qualify it as difficult."
“We’ve got work to do,” Sherlock tells John. “I want you to find every scrap of data about this man, and when they find him, the other one. There has to be a connexion, somewhere, maybe years and years ago. Talk to friends, family, his employer, anyone.”
, Sherlock, they said he'll be fine. He just needs rest and fluids." Mary's using her professional voice on him, the one she reserves for flighty patients and children.
“What? Are you serious?! He was here in our flat and you didn’t—”
“John? But, why… He saw me himself already, why would he--?”
This puts Sherlock on firmer territory. “Because he’s better at the game than I am,” he tells her and watches her shock at his admission of being anything less than superior to anyone. “Even dead. And the stakes are too high if I lose. I’m not the forfeit here. It’s John… it’s Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson too. And you. You think you got off because you seem insignificant, but they’ll know you helped me and exact retribution on you too. There are contingencies within contingencies to make sure Moriarty wins no matter the odds. The only way to win is to lose and keep losing until no one can conceive of the possibility that you might still be playing.”
Sherlock doesn't look at the man. Instead, he contemplates the city sky line in the slanted afternoon light. "2.7 minutes after I regained my faculties. Disappointed?"
The day passed fairly quickly for John, more quickly than days had been passing for him. He had some work to do for Lestrade, requiring a large amount of background research on degenerative bone disorders, which was a good distraction. He had tea with Mrs. Hudson, who mercifully did not mention his visitor, although he was certain she knew all about it. She rambled on about drama at her bridge club and he allowed himself to be soothed by the steady stream of meaningless chatter.
“N-no… you said to leave them out of it, so I just called you straight away. I’ve been away for a couple of days, thought a little holiday might help my—”
He'd never realised. It had never occurred to him that he might be in John's nightmares right alongside Kandahar and explosions and dying children. It had occurred to him even less that there might have been other dreams as well. It hurts and he doesn't know what to say about it so he deflects.
He manages to successfully block out the noise of the spinning magnet, the emptiness of the room, and finds himself startled when a cool hand touches him on the arm.
She dropped her voice, and John might have believed there was actual sadness in it, had she been someone else. “Think back to the past 18 months, Dr. Watson. Who did he come home to every night? Who was constantly at his side? Who did he never leave behind? Who did he share his entire life with, at least as much as he was capable of it? The truth is, Doctor, he may have loved me, but he
"Wait, wait," Sherlock cries. "What was that? Go back! Maya something?"
On the other hand, it is exactly as exhausting as John might have guessed, and infinitely more unpredictable. Sherlock has gone his entire adult life without regular gratification, at least ten years without any at all, and at least one year in unrequited lust after his flatmate – he intends to make up for it now. He has also apparently decided to adhere to the “if sex is better than casework, than there should be much more sex than casework” theory he had outlined for John. John is more than happy to oblige, but Sherlock has inhuman stamina and apparently little need for rest, even when not on cases.
Of course Sherlock had told her Mycroft would pay her. John sighed, and slipped her the equivalent of fifty quid. She appeared mollified, though not thrilled. He pocketed the gloves, phrasebook, and letter, and asked her to toss the rest, and headed back for his lodgings.
They find breakfast in the form of greasy egg sandwiches at a cafe not too far from the hospital. On the way Sherlock practices using John as a guide to navigating the street traffic, and judging air currents and paving stone vibrations to determine the distance and number of other pedestrians.
“Well, I think you might… have it,” John tells him, very carefully. Sherlock does not like being diagnosed with things – hence the word “Asperger’s” now being verboten in 221B. That had not been a good day.
“Why don’t you start at the beginning?” John says patiently. “Remember, I can’t actually hear what you say to me when I’m not here.”
John coughed again and opened his eyes. “Sherlock?”
“Of course I can,” Sherlock chides.
"Essentially."
He was running out of air. He couldn’t stay down much longer. But he knew if he went back up he would lose any chance of saving his friend. The water was too deep here, and the night too dark. He would never find him. Stubbornly he pushed on. At last, by chance, his fingers snagged something. Wool. A jumper. John. He pulled toward himself with all his strength. He was able to get one long arm around John’s midsection, and then kicked as hard as he could up to the surface.
“Oh, Jim went on about you in great detail,” Moran said, leaning back.
“It seemed odd of course, but people offer scholarships for all kinds of strange reasons, so I applied. To my surprise they offered me enough to pay for my whole education, including a little to live on. Well, of course I took them up on it and became a member of the club. There was the usual secret society swearing in and rites of passage nonsense you get with these things, but they mostly were a good hearted group who just liked to get together for a drink and to make business connexions – there was a lot of that, some very well placed people are members.
Sherlock freezes, shocked briefly into stillness. “Did you tell them?”
They turned down what looked like a street but quickly turned into the barest of alleys. There was a short wire fence half way down the length. John grinned. No sooner had the stranger halted to climb over it, a height John could have easily leapt over these days, than John was upon him. He wrested the gun out of his hand and punched him in the face with it.
“Because taking
Sherlock raises an eyebrow.
“Sounds like a real charmer,” John said. “Look, what’s this one, here at the bottom?”
Sherlock shrugs. “Not enough data yet, although I’d be lying if I said I didn’t have three good ideas and six mediocre ones.”
It had taken John a mere four days to decide that, yes, a romantic relationship with Sherlock and all that entailed not only would work but was the only thing he ever wanted. But he let things go on this way for an additional three days as payback. It was good for Sherlock, he rationalized, to learn a little patience and spend some time being unsure of his footing. John knew once they crossed the line from playing at coupledom to actual coupledom, Sherlock’s uncertainty would disappear quickly, and he was enjoying having the upper hand, just this once.
He rinsed quickly and threw on jeans and a long-sleeve t-shirt, and emerged from the bathroom toweling his hair. “Sorry, didn’t expect you so –” He stopped short. It wasn’t Sarah. It was Mycroft.
He entwines his fingers in Sherlock’s, pulling the arm back over Sherlock's head while he runs his lips down the inside of it, starting at Sherlock’s wrist and ending with his face buried in Sherlock’s armpit, inhaling the deep, pleasant musk that makes his stomach clench with desire.
John searches his memory. “Seb? He hates Seb. I mean, really actively hates him.”
“In fact, given the traumatic circumstances of our first meeting with her, it shouldn’t really be surprising that she would be connected with a new manifestation of the injury.” John’s voice is confident and professional and calm, everything he doesn’t feel right now.
“John,” he says sharply, interrupting the doctor from whatever he’s been babbling about – probably something on how he shouldn’t make enemies in Special Forces. “Can you do as I say?”
Sherlock pretends to contemplate his phrasing. “Let’s just say I owe her for a bad business deal and if I find her she won’t trouble you again. Where is she?”
"No, I don't suppose I would be," she answers firmly, but her tone remains cordial.
John continues. “What I’m really worried about is her heart.”
He snatches the bloody razor blade off the floor and swiftly slices a long, thin line in his forearm. Sherlock gasps as the blood blooms against John’s skin, shocked into momentary sobriety. “John—”
He takes John's hand and puts it to his lips. "Because I know you. You're John Watson. And I'm Sherlock Holmes.”
She looks at him with unbearably kind eyes.
He jumps when his brain forms it into a word at last. Morse code. John is speaking to him in Morse code. In an instant he snaps back to his body, jarringly returned to all his remaining senses. He fills his lungs with air. He can feel John’s fingers on him and can again imagine the man behind them. He can feel
? Thank you for telling me. Yes, I will. No, I can handle it. I said I can handle it! Fine, tomorrow. Piss off.”
“Hmm. Or been watching. Or he could have gotten lucky, been ready to break in but then not had to. No way to tell. But what does tell is that no one reported a car or taxi anywhere near the house, which means he either walked from somewhere close or parked several streets away. Walked is more likely, since if you have a getaway car you want it right there. At some point in the day before our victim died, the murderer snuck into the house, planted the cyanide in something he knew she would consume, and left before he was detected. Which bring us to…”
Out of practise, it takes him a little time to craft the right persona to go unnoticed. There's not much to be done about his height or features, but shoddy clothes, a few days’ growth of beard, and a stocking hat, when combined with a stooping, sullen posture, do wonders for concealing his identity.
He stands too, still baffled. "Thank you," he says because it seems like what someone should say to that. To his great surprise, she goes up on tip-toe and kisses him on the cheek.
Sherlock slams his hand on the table, and, finding that unsatisfying, overturns it violently, sweeping glassware off the counter as well and hurling a tea mug against the wall, watching it shatter against the wall and leave little bits of ceramic embedded in the paper. It doesn’t help.
John grins sheepishly and straightens his clothes as they pepper him with questions and exchange pleasantries.
And indeed it was not long before a man entered the room, striding in confidently and smiling when he saw Sherlock. He was tall, at least as tall as Sherlock, but where Sherlock was slender, this man was beefy and broad, well-muscled and clearly vain of it. Where Sherlock had curly dark hair and fair, almost pallid skin, this man was tan and ruddy, with a blonde crew-cut.
“He wanted to gloat, that’s all.”
“Leave me,” John pants, now determined that this man will not escape them. “It’s fine. Don’t let him get away. Go! For fuck’s sake
“Besides,” Mycroft adds. “It’s the one place Sherlock wouldn’t be likely to follow you to. It’s not a difficult deduction.”
“Piece of cake,” he mumbled to himself, not at all optimistic. He had no idea how he was going to do any of that, but he hadn’t come this far to give up. Sherlock was there, he was certain of it. And he was going to find him alive and unharmed. Then John might murder him for all he’d put him through, but that was really a low priority at this point.
…” he pulled at the belt of Sherlock coat and it fell open. “Not even making time to get dressed properly. Tsk tsk. Slippers! No shirt. And…oh my…are those
"Um, yeah. Sure, of course.” John tries to sound normal, then wonders why he has to try. He gets up and goes to put his bowl in the sink, still full.
“You’re dead!” he exclaimed.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock growls, as if that is adequate explanation.
“Eight weeks along, do you think? Well, it was bound to happen eventually. Did you actually think you were going to all live together in some magical harmonious triad, that you wouldn’t be ultimately excluded from their marriage? That she’d let you hang around forever, mooning after her husband and taking up all his time? It had to end some time, a pregnancy merely expedites that.”
“Anyone you recognised? Did any of them speak to you or do or say anything threatening?”
And John is thrusting harder, rougher, and it’s pleasure-pain together, and so fierce. It makes him ache from the inside out yet Sherlock finds himself growing hard beneath the onslaught. Every nerve is alive, all his remaining senses engaged, overloaded, and his mind finally quietens. John is still furious, but there's so much than that, and Sherlock wants to feel all of it, to understand, to take it into himself and let it scream through his veins and cleanse him of everything dark and bad inside of him. When Sherlock responds to John's savage rhythm by rutting back into him, he can feel John’s relief, though he doesn't relent in the least. John lets go of his hair to wrap his hand around Sherlock’s cock, leaving Sherlock’s face pressed into in the rug as he fucks him within an inch of his life.
John does not move out. John does not try to have a serious conversation with him about his feelings. John, mercifully, tries his hardest to act like absolutely nothing out of the ordinary has happened between them. Of course he is not entirely successful, as nothing is more awkward than someone trying to pretend that they don’t feel awkward at all, but Sherlock is grateful.
“Technically, it would be closer to extortion. Come on, it’s an easy waltz, you’ll pick it up in no time.”
His brain starts firing every possible alarm bell telling him that he should remove himself from the situation, but he can't quite think of a way to do that at this juncture without raising suspicion. And she's not giving him a whole lot of time to think. Before he quite knows what is happening, her tongue is in his mouth, silky and teasing, and he's got a hand on the swell of her overflowing bodice.
One night, John awoke to a figure at the end of his bed. His flatmate was perched there, like a vulture, long legs tucked up under him and arms crossed.
John was bewildered. “Meant by what? By trying to kill us?”
“Um, yes, hi,” he began, out of his element. “I’m here about a safety deposit box.”
In answer Sherlock puts his arms around John’s waist and draws John to him. John buries his face in Sherlock’s shoulder, holding on to him for dear life, hands digging into the fabric of his coat. John can smell his familiar scent, feel his warmth as Sherlock put his lips to John temple, nuzzling John’s hair and closing his eyes. John cannot totally stop the tears, but they come silently and are lost in Sherlock’s lapels.
“Don’t you dare!” John barks, a low and angry warning. For a second there is real fear in her eyes. “You know something. You were one of his top lieutenants, weren’t you? I’m betting whatever plan he had for Sherlock, you know about it. And it would do you to remember that at this point I have literally nothing left to lose.”
“DNA evidence? Anything?”
"Aside from every single thing about you two?" Her face hardens just a little bit. "His waking up screaming your name three times a week while you were gone was a hint. Not always in terror.”
“Sherlock Holmes, you are the most breathtaking moron I’ve ever encountered,” John tells him. He climbs into in Sherlock’s lap, winding his legs around Sherlock’s waist and hooking his arms around the back of his neck. “But then I’m not much better.”
John thinks of Harry, knowing whatever their problems in the past she won’t question him now, will treat him tenderly and with the love a sibling should show in this situation. But somehow the idea of her treating him differently now that Sherlock is…gone… is worse than any disagreement they’ve had in the past.
"So how will we know?"
"He can't hear you," John tells her, settling in his chair and picking up a book at random.
“No,” John shook his head. “Absolutely not. I don’t care what kind of sense it makes, I am not letting you traipse off into danger on your own while I sit at home, pretending to mourn you, wondering whether you’re alive or dead!”
Victor’s right, John doesn’t like his idea. But before he quite knows how it’s happened, he finds himself bundled up in layers of dark clothing and being rowed north along the shoreline to Scotland on the cloudy, moonless night.
Sherlock doesn't sleep but there's an undeniable influence to the quiet and solitude of the place that allows him to relax more than he'd like to admit. Victor continues to not ask questions over breakfast the next morning, instead keeping up an inconsequential but not unpleasant patter about the neighbors, his projects, his historical research. Sherlock suspects he could probably spontaneously move into the castle without explanation and stay for several years, and Victor would still act as if he thought nothing of it unless Sherlock brought it up first.
She jerks her head in assent. “I seem to have no choice. It’s true, what
John has to close his eyes and swallow so as not to vomit. He kneels beside his friend, texting Lestrade to come immediately. “Sherlock?”
But then something hardens in his face and the glint returns to his eyes. He reaches into his pocket and produces John’s missing pistol. “Well, the least we can do is make it difficult for the little vermin.” He thunders out into the hall and bellows over the railing. “Tesla Estelle Holmes-Watson you get up here
John closes his eyes, trying to hold on to this moment. Soon, though, Sherlock raises himself up, holding John’s shoulders, and slowly begins to thrust into him, sliding part way out and then back in as deeply as possible, rhythmically, first measured and almost lazily, then building the tempo, riding John faster and harder, slamming into him with a force that takes John’s breath away, brushing his g-spot just enough to drive all conscious thought out of John’s head.
“Me?” John is baffled.
“I’m not going to be here on Monday. Or tomorrow. Remember?”
“Because the rest of the flat smells of a rotting cantaloupe stuffed with anchovies.”
Sherlock met his eyes for a moment and then nodded curtly and put the Sig back into his pocket. But he kept his hand there.
BUT NOT THE HOUND DRUG.
“Of course not. Why would I put my heroin where you could find it?”
But asking those questions hurts too much so he settles for yelling into the phone, "Fuck off, Greg. And if you don't fuck off, I'll come down to the station and make you fuck off, got it?"
Before any of them can clamber back to consciousness, John takes the rope he’s brought out of his bag and binds and gags them securely. He rolls each of them under the truck, where they are obscured by shadows. He doesn’t want their compatriots to find them in the back when they go to load the shipment and can’t imagine wrestling the three of them into the cab. Besides, he might end up needing to drive it. He carefully aligns them to they won’t be crushed by the wheels if the lorry pulls forward.
At least this should cheer him up.
to me. It's hardly excessive."
Sherlock closes his eyes for a long time and John can see them darting back and forth beneath his delicate lids. Clearly this is all new territory for him, he needs time to work it through. The last thing John wants to make him feel is trapped, he just can’t let this pointless recklessness go on any longer without at least trying to prevent it. Without at least asking.
"Are you actually allergic to giving me more than two minutes notice for anything?" John shouts after him, futilely, as the door slams.
He hears a faint moan and puts his shoulder to the door, which gives relatively easily under his strength. Sherlock is on the floor at the foot of his bed, shirtless, clearly just having fallen off it. The first thing John notices is the blood, quite a lot of blood, running down both his forearms. In fact this is the only thing John notices at first, despite the room being in complete and utter disarray, in opposition to its typical Zen-like order.
He finds himself gripping Victor more tightly, desperately and Victor responding in kind. Before he quite knows what is happening, his lips are on Victor’s graceful, almost-but-not-quite-familiar, white throat and Victor is nuzzling into John’s hair just above his ear.  John's hands are at Victor's trim waist, pulling him closer, feeling his warmth and his rising heartbeat and the raw need coming off him that matches John's own.
“I’ll take that bet,” Sherlock tells him, finally getting a hand inside John’s trousers and biting at his collarbone.
“A full moon on a starless night. Obviously.”
“You don’t like having me here, do you Dr. Watson?”
A week passes and there is still nothing to connect Sterling to the victim, other than that a few of her acquaintances may have frequented his shop. But most everyone in that neighbourhood had. Despite a considerable amount of legwork on Sherlock and John’s part and the best research by the Yard, they are as lost as they were seven days ago.
John let it go there. “How many people did you kill?”
“Jim Moriarty – that can’t have been his real name.
Sherlock nods. “I haven’t been able to match it to anything yet, but that would be my guess.”
“So sure of that, eh? You’re the only man in the world that I could possibly be seduced by, so great and irresistible are your charms?”
"Pardon me?" John asks sharply.
John reached Vienna mid-morning the next day. He had spent the whole train ride mulling over Sherlock’s puzzle. Blast that man. He understood that it hadn’t been safe to write the information in a letter anyone might end up with, but since he was writing to Mycroft he might well have picked codes that Mycroft would know. Then John could have just
“Yes?” he replies, turning back.
“Minimal risk?” John is aghast. “Leaving aside the fact that all I was originally worried about was a basic film-and-chips first date and you’ve managed to upgrade it to defcon six, sex and
“I’ve never belonged to anyone before,” Sherlock observes. “A few people wanted me to, but it’s not…not what I do.”
“I mean… do you see anything like… like what you see when you look at me?”
“No. I don’t how you got it in your head that this was a even a vaguely acceptable thing to do to a man, but you can get it back out in your own time.” He snatches Rosie, who looks on the verge of an operatic wail, from Mrs. Hudson, and stomps up the stairs. Sherlock stares after him until he disappears, reeling. The registrar flees discreetly.
The New Scotland Yard is only a five minute walk, but at Sherlock’s pace they make it in four, with John nearly having to run to keep up. Lestrade meets them in the lobby.
. A deep voice echoes in his mind, so clear he’s not sure he hasn’t just heard it for real.
"No, you did it for you! You were so concerned about keeping me safe, not taking a chance, so you wouldn't have to ever risk facing life without me. Did you even think, Sherlock, even for a moment, what facing life without you meant for
“I’m not saying that he wasn’t…real. Just that all those records disappeared a few days before… well, before.”
Sherlock grips John’s shoulders more tightly, fingernails digging into skin hard enough to draw blood, and John can tell that Sherlock is close. He feels the pressure building within himself as well, as he is pounded into the mattress, broken down and rebuilt by Sherlock’s powerful, insistent use of him. He is breathing heavily now, greedily pressing himself back against Sherlock as he feels his friend begin to shudder, wanting to experience every second as deeply as possible.
“Molly, tell me quickly, where did you get that phone? It’s very important.”
“John, I--”
John can feel the withering look Sherlock's giving him, and the detective doesn't answer.
The two larger men, both beefy and likely slow, can be mostly dismissed from his attention at this time, with the exception of noting that the one with the shaved head who had wielded the hockey stick has a heroin problem and is concerned about his mistress finding out, and the shorter one with the greasy hair has a luxating patella and smokes heavily.
“It’s the whine of electronics. Very high pitched, not surprised you can’t pick it up. It’s coming from the third room on the left.”
He’s digging through a box that pretty much only contains terrible clothing gifts from Harry, going back to 1991, when he comes across an unlabelled envelope. He opens it and reads in Sherlock’s writing, “Karachi, Pakistan”.
They pause outside the door. “Ready?” John whispers, and Sherlock nods, poised near the opening. John kicks the door in, and Sherlock springs forward, gun drawn, ready for his opponent. John follows and checks behind the door, but the room is empty save for several monitors connected to security cameras placed inside the house and around the grounds.
None of his other searches yield anything immediately suspicious either. None of the companies or organisations bearing the name seem like fronts, although if there’s one thing he’s learned from his time working with Sherlock it’s that almost anything can be.
“What, here?”
"Yes," he tells her. "You're right. And I've had him every single way you could possibly think of, and probably a few you couldn't."
"I didn't want to. If you had known, even suspected I was alive, someone else might have too. I couldn't risk your life for that, not until I was sure it was safe again, not until now. Can you ever forgive me, John?" Sherlock's voice is as close to pleading as it ever gets.
“Feeling better?” Lestrade asks Sherlock smugly as they enter.
He waits for John to speak, to step inside, but John just stands there. Silent. Sherlock approaches him slowly, cautiously, but speaks in a light-hearted tone. "Are you here to work me over some more? Because personally I'd say a strangling, a punch to the mouth, and a broken nose was a pretty thorough job. But if you're not done..."
“Your past,” John whispers, and Sherlock stiffens but stays quiet. “My past. I think we should talk about them. Sometimes. A little. I think pretending our pasts don’t exist isn’t safe for us… it’s dangerous. It’s how we hurt each other. I know you can’t always tell me things, that you don’t know how. And I don’t always want you know what’s going through my head either. But we have to…try. As much as we might hate to admit it, what came before still effects us both.”
Sherlock scoffs. "You don't have that power."
The next morning, Sherlock was up before John, if he had ever gone to bed. He was at the table, going through his microscope slides, as Mrs. Hudson had put them all in a big box without thought to his organization system and now they were all out of order. He didn’t glance up when John entered the kitchen, yawning.
! A garden centre, brilliant. That would explain why the cyanide was industrial grade not pharmaceutical grade. He didn’t buy it, he already had it! Probably for pests.” Sherlock begins typing furiously on his computer.
“You’re smoking. Oh dear, what happened? No, don’t tell me. Botched the music? Humiliated the bride? Oh…” Mycroft pauses, pondering for a moment. “Sherlock, I am sorry. But it’s for the best.”
Sherlock sighs. “I didn’t know this, precisely, was going to happen. But yes, if you must know, I had a pretty fair idea that Moriarty was going to make a move, that it was going to be soon, and that it was going to be designed to get my attention.”
"Mary, I..." He thinks about denying it, but she's not going to be fooled, not after his first reaction. "How?"
“What are you doing here?” he asked, coldly.
John had planned to be honest, to ask what was going on between them, to speak his feelings and hope that Sherlock could understand. But instead, an entirely different question comes out of his mouth. One he didn’t even realise was in his mind until this very second.
“I didn’t want--”
"Did you get it?" Sherlock demands, watching him through narrowed eyes, trying to assess too much data with too few functional senses. John looks like he's developing a black eye, there are some cuts on his face and knuckles, but nothing seems serious and John doesn't seem to have realized he has them.
"A thousand times yes."
She bridles at being told what to do but keeps silent. He leads them down several hallways, having no idea what he's doing, until he sees a sign with an arrow marked "Conservatory". Perfect. When they get there it's marked closed, which is even better. No sooner than they are through the doors into the humid, hot air than she wrenches her arm away and turns on him.
At last he is back in the lab, which provides a modicum of familiarity even if the equipment in it is largely useless to him. He waits, silent and straight-backed, for John to return. After a few attempts Molly eventually gives up on conversation and goes quiet to wait with him. He finds himself unexpectedly relieved she doesn’t leave, wanting privacy but still averse to being left alone. As thanks he refrains from shouting at her for the irregular finger tapping she’s unconsciously engaging in.
“No. It’s been 267 days since you last had sex.”
“You said you would rather have your violin rammed up your arse than spend half an hour making small talk with her friends and relations.”
John takes a long, angry breath, controlling himself. “I
"Oh please, you're a surgeon. You have steady hands and you can handle a blade. Just do... the opposite of what you do when you operate on someone."
"John Colby. But my friends call me Gilly."
John shrugs and pulls back on his shirt and jeans, hoping he can get to the bathroom before being spotted, and pauses in the doorway.
He makes a frustrated sound at his inability to explain properly.
John slid onto the floor as well, his back to the sofa and Sherlock’s head by his thigh. “I think we passed. There is one more test to be sure, though,” he added coyly.
John grins. “Oh, I have to wear the jumper.”
John says nothing but his face is gravely concerned.
It’s too much and he feels a wail building inside of him, something screaming to be set free that can’t be contained only by words. He tries to keep it down, keep it back but something escapes anyway. The force of it, the very thought, unmans him.
WHAT IS IT? WHAT'S WRONG?
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “In fact, as I’ve mentioned many times, having an entire room of the flat that is barely used is really a terrible waste of space, there are so many better things—”
Sherlock appears in John’s doorway looking as if the future of the British empire hangs on the answer to his question. “John, where the hell are all the drinking glasses?”
Mycroft gave a curt nod, and began to walk away.
Sherlock’s life is different too, although there are some changes he won’t accept. He bristles at the mere suggestion from Mrs. Hudson and John that it might make more sense to take the insurance company’s offer to total 221 Baker Street for the cash than to try to repair the damage. He offers up his own funds to put everything back exactly the way it was and refuses to move out while the work is being done, kipping on a camp bed in the lab upstairs, which suffered only superficial blast damage.
Sherlock solves her puzzle in record time and in turn she flagrantly propositions him.
"Oh. Right." Greg stands and looks as if he might hug him, but thinks better of it. "Take care of yourself, John."
It seems dubious at best, but it feels right. It feels like something, which is an improvement on nothing.
Molly knits her brows at him in the silence. “Why are you still playing
“Did you see Donovan’s face when she saw you with the sword to his neck?” John comments.
“Duly noted.” Sherlock could tell John was still angry, but it was the most logical way. And the safest, at least for John, if not for him. It wasn’t that he didn’t believe in John’s abilities – quite the opposite. But he couldn’t afford to have John used against him again, and that would be a risk until he had completely eliminated all of Moriarty’s associates.
The second snag was John. Once Sherlock seemed to have been restored to something resembling normal health, John began act in a way that made Sherlock doubt his assessment of the situation. He grew cold. Very cold. He didn’t ignore Sherlock, but he didn’t give him an inch either. He told him the news from while he was gone, made their tea, expressed a wish that they could start working cases soon – all the appropriate gestures.
"There's not really anyone I want to talk to, Mrs. Hudson."
As much as John resented Lestrade for his role in the whole affair, he had to commend the man for being honest. And Lestrade seemed to be the only who really understood him and Sherlock, had taken them at face value. The Detective Inspector began to come to John with cases, give him a little work, mainly as a medical specialist but sometimes as a consultant. John wasn’t sure if it was an act of pity or desperation on Lestrade’s part, now that his genius was gone, but it was the only kind of sympathy John could tolerate. And it kept him busy.
“So glad you still carry those,” John grins.
“I said I wouldn’t leave you. So, I’m not going to, not unless you ask me to and maybe not even then.” His voice is quiet, determined, and pained. “I told you. I’ll be here no matter what. I’ll understand… I’ll…try…to understand.”
For a moment, Sherlock had wished he had left something for John. He knew it was silly – John had been through enough, he didn’t need to have to bury Sherlock twice. But for his own vanity, Sherlock wished there had been a chance to say something more to him, when their last conversation had been mostly lies. But this was better, for both of them, he told himself. And he wasn’t done yet. He still might be able to return from the grave, go back to John and Mrs. Hudson and home.
Sherlock does as he’s told, trusting John’s tactical mind to get him out of this. They get him out in the frigid air and the ringleader moves a few paces ahead, on his mobile. Letting someone know they’re coming or calling for transport.
He quickly sums up the events leading up to Sherlock's death, the ones that haven't been publicised, and what he'd learned from Lestrade. Victor listens quietly to his revelations, but with the look of a man who is reining in his feelings with some difficulty.
John clears his throat. “Anyway, I was someone else for a while after that – I’ve never been really sure who, I was barely a person then, maybe just a shadow – and then I died again and now I’m me.”
“Don’t,” he says with hard eyes. “Don’t. Believe me, after what you’ve done you don’t want to give me any more excuses to kill you than I already have.”
"And you're Sherlock Holmes," John replies. Sherlock is so very glad John's said that because it felt like he might have been starting to forget.
The reply is nearly immediate.
“But the red hair…”
“No… I think it might be yours.”
Sherlock leads them through the dark, away from the tracks and up the stairs to the half-finished portion of the abandoned station, turnstiles glinting dully in the faint emergency lights that inexplicably still glow here. John says nothing, but his eyes say he knows what Sherlock is about and that he's going to let him.
He rubs his temples and then taps his fingers on the floor nervously, waiting, wishing he could do something, anything. The minutes drag on and he's just about to make the call when he hears the door downstairs crash open. Sherlock jumps to his feet just in time for John to blow into the room like a solar storm.
The question was left hanging there. Sherlock looked at John almost pleadingly, as though he was out of his depth. John awkwardly put an arm around his friend’s shoulders. He could feel every bone, every vertebra. Sherlock jumped at his touch, as if he had forgotten the other man was there, but didn’t move away. Finally John said, “If I make some eggs will you eat them and take some medicine for your headache? Then maybe you can sleep.”
“I changed tailors, Mrs. Hudson got a new cleaner for the floors, we ate at that Irish pub with the filthy toilets, you went to Paris to visit your old professor and came back with that knock-off watch and Italian leather shoes, nice choice by the way, perhaps some sense of style is finally rubbing off on you, that miserable potted fern finally expired, I had two cigarettes while you were gone and they weren’t my usual brand, we met three new clients, we staked out two mansions unsuccessfully, one of which was unusually musty, you switched the brand of coffee you buy us, which you should definitely switch back immediately, I was sneezed on by a music student on the tube, I changed my violin strings, the firewood Mrs. Hudson bought was fruitwood instead of walnut, one of the corpses at the morgue I was experimenting on had died of unknown causes, and Lestrade forced an unknown brand of whiskey on me after I solved that brank fraud case from Chessington.”
Sherlock frowns, clearly hoping John would share what he'd learned first, but doesn't argue. "Her real name is unknown, but she works for an organisation known as Les Butineuses."
For the first time in weeks, John grins unselfconsciously. “Definitely.” He pillows his head on Sherlock’s chest, grateful beyond measure to be nowhere in the world but there.
come after you if you don’t.” He’s surprised at the fierceness in his own voice, and more surprised that he means it.
He turns back to his companion and she is as cold and aloof as if they'd never met. "Of course," she says indifferently. She gives him her hand, slipping him the key card to her room almost undetectably as she does so.
"What, in the bedroom?" he asks, joining Sherlock at the door.
“The drugs…”
“Having an actual conversation about what the hell is going on between us when neither one of us is drunk, high, angry, or bleeding. Okay, maybe not good but more productive than fighting and then randomly assaulting each other whenever one of us is on a mind altering substance.”
They stood there awkwardly, not saying a lot of things. Finally, Sherlock threw his arms around John in a stiff hug, then turned and fled the bus terminal before John could react.
He leans over and carefully removes the needle the needle from John's neck, staunching the fresh flow of blood with his shirt cuff. John flinches just the barest bit in his sleep but doesn't wake. He looks like he will sleep for a long time now.
He jumps when he feels a hand on the back of his neck, spins and blinks when he realizes it’s just Sherlock and he’s speaking to him.
John stands, his heart breaking a little, and puts his hand bracingly on Sherlock's shoulder. “It’s fine, okay? Don’t worry about it. Just…be what you want to be, and I’ll be here no matter what. That’s all I wanted to say.”
John had spent the night half-dozing in the uncomfortable chair, occasionally jerking awake with a start to reassure himself that Sherlock was breathing. Sherlock’s hand still gripped his, and he kept his fingers on the slender wrist, the soft but steady beat easing his worry. Suddenly, just as John was in a drowsy moment between sleep and wakefulness, Sherlock sat bolt upright in bed. “The phone number!” he shouted.
No sound comes out of his mouth. He tries again, but nothing. There is only silence. Not just from himself, but from everything around him.
“About what?”
“I don’t think it’s my--” Sherlock begins, but stops as Victor looks sincerely at him with clear blue eyes.
“I want to fuck you through to the next floor,” Sherlock growls. It comes out harsher than he intended, but John’s eyes light up.
"What I am supposed to do till then?"
“Okay, then – probably because you refused her invitation to her
John chews his bottom lip, realising how insane this is. “All I know is what I’ve told you before… I can give another statement but otherwise I don’t see how I can’t do anything that the police can’t.” His heart sinks a little. He’d been hoping for something to actually help explain what had happened, what had driven Sherlock to…to the end.
“Yes. I perused it briefly and it contains more than enough evidence to clear you from suspicion and prove the existence and culpability of James Moriarty. Should you miraculously survive this endeavour, I will of course leak these details discreetly to the press prior to your return so that you are not jailed immediately for murder.”
“Me?” John was surprised. “What have I got to do with anything?”
Jim Moriarty stepped into a patch of light. He was wearing an army uniform, British, circa 1942. “Don’t you
Without stopping even for lunch, he hailed a taxi to the airport and booked a flight to Helsinki, pausing at the duty free to acquire several pairs of woolen long underwear, a parka, and various other cold-weather items. It would be dark and cold where he was going.
“I wanted to know what it felt like,” Sherlock breathes, appalled at himself.
John coughed. “So, what should we do about Moran? Slow torturing to death with many pointy objects?”
“Now, there will be workers and probably at least one upper-level management type overseeing the shipment. The first step of our thieves will be to get inside and disable them, so they have control of the warehouse. Entrance to the loading area is controlled by a complex electronic security system that requires the lorries entering the compound and pulling up to the platforms to emit exactly the right code on the right frequency via a small device on their undercarriage. It’s possible they will have stolen a lorry, but more likely that they are using their own lorry and have stolen one of the tracking devices.”
The next day, or maybe the day after that or even many days later - he’s lost his phone and seems to remember periods of aimless wakefulness and meaningless interactions with others about Sherlock and a burial and a will that might all have been dreams for all the impression they made on him - there’s a knock on the door. John hesitates to answer it.
“I must enter my code first,” she explained. “Then you will enter your password and the box will open automatically. Excuse me.”
They went back upstairs to the room John had secured Moran in. He was awake, and struggled against his bonds when he saw them.
"Tonight? Here and now? How dare they--" she begins in a furious whisper that threatens to rise and John cuts her off.
“Everything, John. Computer files, paper files, court records, emails, call logs – anything that had any mention of her, her aliases, or even anything she was suspected of being involved in. Completely erased. Things that were only on my personal hard drive, papers in my desk… Even the officers keeping tabs on her were transferred, scattered, with no explanations.”
Sherlock looks from Irene to John and back again, and John realises with a start that not only is his friend completely thrown off balance but that Sherlock’s body is also responding to this brazen display. It’s almost undetectable but John knows even the tiniest signs, oh so very well. He finds Sherlock’s predicament entertaining for almost two whole seconds until he also realises that Sherlock is discomfited by her nakedness. Sherlock is never bothered by nakedness, his own or anyone else’s, as he’s well proved today. Except…
“No. Now, first I need you to read me the data sheet that came with the sample.”
Moriarty, the consulting criminal. A Belgian crime syndicate with a French name based in a Dutch-speaking city. A rural Dutch province with no apparent connexion to either. A word that could refer to anything or nothing. Maybe that’s where Hanna had gone on holiday as a child. Maybe the small Friesland Bank was really the headquarters of an international counterfeiters’ guild. Or maybe none of it meant anything.
Finally, shortly after three am, John stumbles through the door. He’s been drinking, more than just his usual few pints while watching the football. There’s whiskey on his breath, Sherlock can smell it from across the room.
Sherlock shoots him a look that says clearly,
John is grateful for quick reflexes and dives as the bolt just misses him. He rolls and comes up close enough to hook a foot behind hers and throw her off balance. She stifles a shriek of pain and scrabbles for the knife in her boot, but John’s already got it off her.
, and then was gone.
"Does she know how to run the scanner?"
“Nothing you need to worry about,” he said dismissively.
Sherlock watched John leave, in a fury for no reason he could name. His head still pounded and his nerves screamed at him. He wanted to jump out of his skin, but there was no escape.
"And if I could cut it off and stick it in the machine, we'd be in business. It's a giant magnet, Sherlock. And your shirt has metal buttons. Not to mention your trousers. As entertaining as that would be, I feel the hospital smock is probably the path of least embarrassment. Change, I need to go talk to Molly."
“Stop!” He shouted. “I’m armed!”
“You’re not going to work tomorrow.”
“Don’t worry,” John tells him. “We’ll keep you out of the action. And rescuing your co-workers and boss will go a long way to testifying to your innocence.”
Sherlock gives a little smile, flushed as well, but shakes his head. “You haven’t eaten since last night – I don’t want you passing out in front of the police. It would be terribly embarrassing for me.”
“Oi!” John yelps and scrambles to cover himself with the washcloth. Sherlock looks confused by his reaction for a moment, then it sinks in that John is naked and perhaps sticking his head into the bath is not entirely appropriate. “Sherlock! Not good!”
“Now!” He ended the call. Had Moriarty left the phone at her apartment while he was pretending to date her, or had he planted it after their encounter at the pool? Did it matter? His point was clear. Molly was yet another trophy waiting to be collected. Just like the others. Just like John. Just like Sherlock, ultimately.  Moriarty would know by now that he had found the phone, he’d be a fool if he hadn’t set it to signal him when it was activated, but hoped that his precautions would be enough to keep Moriarty from knowing where Molly was meeting him. Her flat was certainly bugged, but he was gambling that there wasn’t outside surveillance on her home.  Nothing to be done if there was, anyway.
John gives a faint nod and leaves, stepping out into a fine cold, misting rain. He stands still for a moment, surprised at the effort it's taking him to walk away.
The thugs have put their guard down just enough at his agreeable captive act that the one on his right is totally unprepared when Sherlock lashes out with a long leg and connects with his trick knee. He goes down instantly. Baldy reacts surprisingly quickly, pulling a knife, but Sherlock is quicker still and has decent leverage. He twists and uses the large man’s momentum against him, flipping him onto the paving stone and suffering only a minor hand laceration in the process.
John thrusts against Sherlock once more, unbuttoning his shirt and devouring each new patch of white skin as it’s uncovered. Sherlock throws his head back, exposing himself to John’s ministrations, rutting into him harder and faster until it’s too much for the delicate balance in the too-small chair and they half-fall, half slip out of it, sinking down to the carpet.
Still nothing. She was tapping her foot impatiently. He said, “Oh, yes, of course, I’m ready,” even though he wasn’t. Once her code had been entered he stepped up to the keypad, mind blank. He cursed Sherlock and his cleverness. He was always more interested in being clever than in being human. John was constantly telling him… Ohhh. Suddenly John knew the answer.
Still, he estimates that her assistance likely reduced the time he'd needed to spend dismantling Moriarty’s handiwork by nearly a year. But as it was, it had still taken him two. Longer than Sherlock had hoped, and he’d come nearer to death more times than he preferred. But he’s alive and, mostly, intact.
"I am not wearing a hospital smock," Sherlock declares. "They only need to look at my head, anyway."
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, and then closed it. He shifted nervously, sitting on his haunches and twining his fingers around and around each other. He tried again. “John, I –” he managed and stopped.
“But you do, don’t you Mr. Božić? You keep meticulous records, I’m sure. Mr. Moran is becoming concerned, what with all the… turnover… that they might fall into the wrong hands. I am to keep them safe for you.”
“What can I do for you, sir?” the man said, in heavily accented but impeccable English.
“Glad you’re back to your old self,” John mutters sarcastically, though his relief is palpable. “Now if I do this will you please let me get some rest? And get some yourself? I swear you’re going to turn me nocturnal.”
"No. No, I would just-- I mean, he shouldn't be upset again just now. I should go."
Sherlock inclined his head. “Would you have expected me to do something different?”
He took to sleeping in Sherlock’s old bedroom, drinking from his favorite mug, anything that would maintain that connexon, make him feel like something of that old life was left. He knew it was stupid and maudlin, but he didn’t care. Aside from Mrs. Hudson, he didn’t have much contact with his and Sherlock’s old circle. He didn’t have much contact with anyone, really – he was alone again. Molly had virtually disappeared, likely nearly as paralysed by grief as he was. He resented her for it - she had no
“Shut up, just tell me where he is!” John shouted in a slightly strangled voice. “Why did he do it? Why hasn’t he come to me?! Take me to him right now!”
“Would you… do that to me sometime? Not now. Sometime. Soon.”
A hand grabs his bicep and he pushes John away again, but John’s not having it. Sherlock fights, but John tackles him, knocking him to the floor and straddling his chest, holding his wrists tight above his head, pinning him.
John lets out a long sigh and realises he is shaking. He also realises he doesn’t know if it’s from fear, pain, or fury. He can’t possibly drag the man anywhere, but he’ll be out long enough for the police to take care of him. John has few qualms about leaving him in the cold rain, all things considered. He might be young but he murdered at least four people – John’s pity only extends so far.
“What a coincidence,” he replies, and reaches into his nightstand drawer, pulling out a bottle of lube and some condoms, leftover from his last girlfriend, Sherlock is sure, and not placed here in preparation for this. At least not consciously.
“Nevertheless. I believe this is considered a customary and healthy age for maturing teenagers to begin experimenting with dating and sexual activity—”
They all hurry to say no, of course not, best of luck with that, but the conversation dwindles after his revelation and soon they are mumbling reasons why they must really get going. Great to see John, next time we’ll have to hit the pub and relive the glory days.
Lestrade nods. “Only thing is, he also had blunt force trauma to the side of the head, the kind that would have put him out of commission for at least a few minutes. Odd then, to wake up from that and off yourself. Of course everything else lines up, the knife, the fingerprints, the angle of the cut, the time of death, so unless you have anything new to add…”
just sex either, not with them, with the life they had together. It had to be all in or nothing at all, and he was in no condition to make a rational decision on that right now. And neither was Sherlock.
“That depends.”
Mycroft had pointed this out, along with the futility of his plans, when he’d bade him goodbye at the airfield.
"Friends? You're saying you want me to chat her up."
It starts to get hot, painfully hot, and he moans, still half-conscious and partially paralysed. Distantly he hears his name and it takes all his effort and every scarce molecule of air in his lungs to call out in response.
“Afraid of what?” John coaxes, trying not to sound too much like he’s talking to a child.
!” he exclaims, taking the two long strands of bright red hair from John. “Well spotted.”
John shakes his head. "You were so
John is taken aback. “What?”
John smiles at him wolfishly. “Nice try,” he says. “You might be close enough to fool an old woman without her glasses, from behind, but I actually know Mr. Bryant and my eyesight is just fine. I can see from your stance that you’re not armed, so why don’t you just sit down and we can talk this over?”
Not wanting Mary to know how right she was, he waits until she leaves before, against his better judgement, heading back to Baker Street. He contemplates the door, not sure exactly what he's going to say to Sherlock or what he wants from him. He's not even sure he's going to go in, really. But before he can decide, the choice is made for him.
John is speechless with rage at Sherlock’s capacity for self-destruction. “You know what, you’re right. I don’t care. I care so little that maybe I’ll do exactly the same goddamn thing. I’m sure you won’t mind if I do.”
“Dark nebula,” John says, tenderly, and is not at all surprised when Sherlock manoeuvres himself swiftly on top of John, straddling him, and begins the systematic removal of his clothes. And soon it is very bright for both of them indeed.
"It could be a tumour. I'm sure you've thought of that. It could also be an aneurysm or a blood clot. You travel. It could be a parasite or virus causing encephalitis." John adds quickly, "But you haven't had any other symptoms so I really don't think–"
He lingers with the dregs of his tea until long after midnight, avoiding sleep. He’d got used to the dreams of war which he was sure now would never fade entirely, but now there were new dreams, more vivid, more heart-wrenching.
“No, you’re not. You never have been.”
When he does enter, he does so with the carefully calibrated air of a man who belongs there and knows what his business is, no longer stooped and slow with his gait, not deigning to glance around as he enters. He makes straight for the semi-hidden backroom, the location of which he's calculated by the outer dimensions of the structure and those surrounding it.
“I’m running the test now, but yeah, judging by her colour…”
“Sherlock, haven’t you changed that tone back yet?” John snaps. “Don’t worry, my friend’s phone is just being inappropriate. It does that. Sherlock, what were you saying to him? Sherlock!”
“Well, apparently I should have planned on having you come to my aid all along,” Sherlock said. “Mycroft was dead useless. You’re a one man army, you are.”
John's voice comes from the other side of the kitchen than where he'd calculated, and he feels a flash of frustration at his mistake. "Yeah. Yeah, of course. But in the morning, we really have to deal with--"
She withdraws her hand and looks at him sharply, arching a well-sculpted eyebrow. "Gilly isn't a very good nickname," she replies through gritted teeth.
“You’re telling me…” John said slowly, his voice growing very quiet and hard, “that Sherlock faked his own death in front of me and most of London, and that you knew about it this
“Promise me.”
Finally, John says, “Promise me you won’t do that again.”
He instantly regrets it. What if he angers John? What if John withdraws, stops speaking to him? He’d be utterly alone.
“Oh, I don’t know about that, John. She could do worse than yours.”
want to get a leg over is an improvement on that?" Sherlock is playing dumb now and it's ticking John off more than ever.
"And worst of all, worse than all of that put together," John continues, "is that in the end, when it came to it, you didn't trust me. You trusted your brother, your homeless friends, Molly, and God knows who else, but not me. After all we've been through, after all we've been to each other, you didn't trust me. And you never have, not really.
boy. It’s that twerp from two doors down. I said he’d be trouble the day they moved in, didn’t I say it? And now she wants to go out with him. Alone, on a
“John… I… there was nothing I could do. Mycroft came and took him, just moments before you came down. I didn’t have a choice. But I checked John, I checked and double checked and he was gone.”
Sherlock nods reluctantly and takes a deep breath. “I know you think I’m obsessed, infatuated. You’re right, I am. Have been. It’s not because… it’s not an attraction. Not like you would think. I am…drawn to her. Because… John, this is embarrassing!” he says suddenly.
It's only reluctantly that Sherlock gets him out the door in time to get to his consult.
Victor meets his eyes levelly. “I know exactly what this means to you, John.”
Others he is poetic, playful, excited, almost weirdly romantic.
Despite the deprivations, when Sherlock wakes the next morning to a knock on his room door, he does feel significantly improved.
It had been six days since they had met Moriarty at the pool and nearly lost both their lives. By John’s count, Sherlock had not eaten so much as a biscuit since then. They had both been silent on the way home from Scotland Yard, after recounting the story in detail numerous times to numerous police officers, each man too caught up in recovering from his own private nightmare to say any more. When they reached 221B, John made the tea. “You never got the milk,” he commented, his face deadpan.
Victor raises an elegant eyebrow but doesn't say anything as he leads John to his study, lit with a cheery fire.
“You keep after him,” John said panting. “You’re faster. I think I know where he’s heading, I might be able to cut him off.”
to be as hurt as he – then hated himself for thinking such things. Either way he couldn’t face her, and it appeared that she couldn’t face him either.
“The prints match his boots exactly. Maybe he changed his stride to hide his identity,” Lestrade offers.
At last, a floor above him, he hears the familiar baritone voice talking to someone. There is a rush of relief. Sherlock is alive, at least for now. He can hear Sherlock’s words and that someone is answering him, but he can’t make out what the other person is saying – he seems to be rather far away.
, John thought.
The bank lady was staring at him, this time with both eyebrows raised. “We can provide a room for you to view the contents in, if you will follow me.”
A pause. “What happened the second time?”
"Never," Sherlock agrees somberly. Another lie.
What follows is one of the worst weeks of John Watson’s life, including those spent in combat. At least in combat you know what you’re supposed to be doing, and there’s always the chance that someone will kill you and get it over with.
John is meticulous, make sure he's not missed a spot before stopping, replacing the towel, then repeating the whole process, going against the grain this time. Then a final hot towel and the sting of aftershave. Sherlock hisses sharply, but is glad for the bracing shock to bring him out of his trance. Finally there is the soothing feeling of John's palms massaging Sherlock's musky-junipery lotion into his skin.
Lestrade showed no sign of recognition as he typed in the name. “This may take a little while – we just got the interagency information sharing network up and running properly, but it’s slow. Might as well have a drink while it runs – I’m going to need one before I can face Tricia.”
WHAT? asks John, after long minutes of staring. DOES IT HURT TOO MUCH?
"Just fragments." Sherlock frowns. "Enough to understand why my mind tried to protect me from it."
“And sometimes fatal. No. But that doesn’t make me any less yours.”
“Two. You love playing because everyone tells you how good you are.”
“So, what did you do when my brother told you what happened? He was strictly forbidden to, by the way, I shall have to have a word with him.”
He reached out and pulled the doctor to him, wrapping his thin arms around John’s chest and resting his chin in the crook of his shoulder. He hadn’t even known he’d wanted to do that until he had his arms around John, but the need for physical contact, to reassure himself that this was real, was surprisingly strong.
Miss Callan looks entirely unabashed by the tongue lashing, although somewhat put out as John switches his attentions to her superior.
He turns and flees the morgue, not at a run but at a precise and stiff military walk, letting his body remember how to get him home when his mind is all but gone. He does not see Molly put her head to her knees and begin to weep silently.
The receptionist picked up the phone lazily and said something in German, too quickly for John to catch. Then he resumed ignoring John. John shifted awkwardly from foot to foot, assuming he was meant to wait. The lobby was designed to impress and not for comfort – there were no chairs or niches in which one could comfortably stand. And as it was drawing near lunch time, the place was nearly empty, leaving him standing alone in a huge room with a laconic twenty-year-old.
The bonus of all this, is that John discovers that all the thoughts and feelings that Sherlock doesn’t know how to talk about, he is quite adept at expressing physically. John learns to read his body like a book, and realizes he can get more out of him that way than talking. There is a difference in how he moves, how he kisses, what he wants when he is tired and needing comfort, when he is worried, when he is lost in a case and needs a distraction, when he is angry, when he is bored, when he is getting
At last Sherlock says quietly, “I don’t know what he’s going to do. But I know it is going to be clever and dangerous and meant to destroy me completely. And possibly you as well. I can’t fight him, can’t counter him if I’m distracted by this, by you, by what…what we are. When I first knew he was going to return, I thought it was going to be over quickly, I wanted to be with you just once before, in case I didn’t…. But he’s been playing the long game and I never intended things with you to continue the way they have, never thought it would be…what it is. He’s already used you against me once, he won’t hesitate to do it again. I can’t be blinded by lust or fear or…any other feeling… or I will lose. Do you understand that? It’s too dangerous for both of us. I need to be focused completely on him, on whatever game he decides to play with me. If am anything else… he will win and I will be gone.”
“Sherlock, I can’t have you going to jail. Not for me, not for anything. Do you understand that?” His voice is tinged with a hint of desperation, and Sherlock’s expression slowly changes from one of stubbornness to one of reluctant acquiescence.
To his credit Sherlock doesn’t say another word the rest of the way home, even when, after about twenty minutes, John brushes the back of Sherlock’s hand softly with his little finger, just enough to let him know he’s been - mostly - forgiven.
“Only children cry about such things,” Sherlock said dismissively. “That can’t be it.”
“Why?” Sherlock doesn’t open his eyes.
"In so many things." Moriarty slithers over and takes a seat beside him. Too close, but Sherlock refuses to give him the satisfaction of moving away. He hand rolls a cigarette with studied leisure and Sherlock holds out his own for Moriarty to light it off. The master criminal takes a deep drag and lets out an almost obscene sigh of pleasure. "You don't seems surprised to see me."
Sherlock turns, slowly, but doesn’t say anything.
“Hmm.” Sherlock made a non-committal noise.
Sherlock laughed bitterly. “What could you take from me?”
He grabs his laptop and flops into his chair, typing studiously away at his latest piece. It doesn’t work. He manages to pretend for nearly five minutes that his friend isn’t staring at him with unblinking grey eyes, boring into the side of his head. But if there’s man born who can resist that gaze longer, John isn’t him. Swallowing hard he looks up. “Yes?”
His hook connects with jawbone, but in doing so John loosens his grip on the ID card just enough for his opponent to tear it out of his hands. The man spits blood at him and turns on a dime, fleeing down the hall toward the centre of the vast complex. John is instantly in hot pursuit – the little devil is fast, but John is no stranger to impromptu foot chases and the slipperiness of the recently buffed floors level the playing field a bit more. Still the man is a good twenty feet beyond John when he crashes to a halt in front of an unmarked door and waves the ID before the pad beside it.
