Dean had fallen into an abyss of depression after the accident, and had barely done anything to keep himself alive since then. If Cas hadn't forced food and water into him, Dean would probably be dead. It was the first snow of the year, and Cas could hear the echoes of twenty years earlier. He had bundled Dean and himself up in jackets and tugged Dean outside, trying to get him to react to something. Cas made a poor excuse for a snowball and tossed it hopefully at Dean's feet. Dean bent down towards the lump of slush. He glanced up at Cas and growled at him, saying something for the first time in months.
"Castiel. Um, it's Jensen. You might not know who I am, but I need some help. So get your celestial-ness down here. Please." Jensen opened his eyes as a being appeared in the room.
"Ever since I've become human, I can't sleep during storms," the blue-eyed man stated simply with a half-hearted shrug. "I figured you'd still be up so um can I stay in here with you? I-I mean just still the storm dies down..."
Dean walked to the bathroom to grab the lube and brush his teeth. Breakfast was completely forgotten.
"Balthazer will crash through that window at eleven o' three sharp. Then you and Jared will be transported back to your home." Cas said, pointing behind him.
Dean shot a puzzled look at Cas, and Cas's eyes quickly darted to his lap as a pink dusting grew across his face and he started picking at a stray string on his black jeans.
Dean rolled over to the fleeting heat of his husbands side of the bed. He sat up quickly; barely catching his breath before he smelled burnt toast. Relaxing a little and rolled out of bed, he couldn't be bothered to put on a shirt and shorts before he walked into the kitchen.
Dean finished reading and looked around the room. He walked to the kitchenette and grabbed two beers and the pie from the fridge. When he was back in his room with the door shut, he closed his eyes.
"I don't think I've ever heard a human say that, but whatever. So Cas, um how long is this gonna take?" Jensen muttered.
'He doesn't believe me. Damn it, I'm an actor. I'll convince him.' Jensen turned around and closed the fridge, being careful to shake his hand a little for effect and flashed Castiel a small smile.
Sam grumbled from the doorway but left after a moment. As Dean leaned back onto his pillow, he heard the crinkling of paper. He picked up the pillow and discovered a letter with his name on the top.
His gravelly voice was tamed by the rough waves of shyness, loneliness bleeding through the cracks in his concrete façade. As he neared the end if his explanation, his voice drifted off like a wave returning out to sea, a mere wisp the Castiel's usual intensity remained.
They walked through the field until they came to the main part of the camp, that was sitting under a small batch of trees in the shade. They had a fire there too. She assisted Tara in sitting in an empty chair and Emma stood beside her protectively.
”I ...I don’t know!!! I swear I don’t know!! We were never any place more than one night!!” Daryl then meets his eyes, never letting his eyes leave the guys.
“H...hello!!! Miss Dixon???” She tried to say softly, seeing the new girl of the group instead. Tears slowly rolling down her cheeks. “ I want my momma.”
“Anyone else?” Rick asked looking around. Tara and Daryl both stay quiet. They knew what was going to happen, they were trying to fit some of the old world back into this hellish new world and it was failing.T then looks over to ask.
Emma had left her duffle bag back at the camp before she left, but she always kept a pack on her. She pulled a pack out of her back pocket and luckily for the three of them, there were three left. She handed one to Tara and then one to Daryl and then took one for herself. She offered the lighter to them first, figuring they needed it more than she did.
“Alright, let's go tell officer friendly what’s up. And then I’m done for the day...” he then starts walking back slowly with the girls stopping only a few seconds in.” Hey Em, you have a smoke on you? “ Tara stops beside both of them and raises her brow in question as well, her and her brother must have some freaky twin mind link.. cause she was just about to say it out loud. -
They followed the sounds and shortly afterwards heard Daryl yell their location. Emma stopped just short of Dale, taking in everything. She saw where his guts had been ripped out, the Walker, now fully dead on the ground and the cow over to the side. Most of the group was now in a panic and crying. Emma knelt down beside him surveying the damage. There was no fixing this. Dale writhed on the ground, unable to speak. He wanted to tell them how much pain he was in. He wanted to tell them to just kill him now or go get help, but the only thing that would come out were pained moans.
“It’s ....it’s not going to be a problem right?” She looks back over to Emma, as they start going after the group to the house, watching to see if Emma would be disgusted or fine with it.
T nodded to Rick and slowly helped the kid up by the arm. The kid was in a panic and in pain, his head going side to side with painful pants and the question on what was happening. T then took him to the shed and locked him up and then locked the door, all without saying a word. Rick looked over at Hershel and Maggie and nodded to her. He looked back at Emma and then shyly looked away before cleaning his throat, trying not to look too worried. “So Daryl.. did he wake up at all?”
"No you're not," she replied. "I understand though. Times like these can really bring out the worst in people." She looked at him knowingly.  He nodded as if he didn't even notice.
"Don't worry," Emma replied quickly. "They won't hurt her." She looked around. "I don't know them super well, but they live not too far from here. I met them before the outbreak. They own a lot of land not too far from here. Won't take too long." She looked around at the blood on the ground. If anything, they were probably helping her. She didn't say anything out loud so as not to make anyone more worried. She looked at Otis' prints on the ground. "We don't need to waste time tracking anymore, come on." She took off in the direction of the Green's house where she knew Tara would be with Hershel and Maggie and the rest of them. She led them out of the clearing and into an overgrown field. In the distance, there was a barn and a little closer a white plantation style house. "She's in there," she said running towards the house. She sprinted onto the porch and banged on the door. "Hershel?!" She said loudly. A woman with short hair answered the door. It was Maggie. "Maggie? I don't know if you remember me or not, but that's not important. Is there a girl here?" She pointed at Daryl. "She's his sister. We tracked her to Otis' hunting spot and saw blood."
Tara nods to Emma in understanding, they had to do some bad shit as well so they know.” So Rick wants us to vote to kill the guy or set him free. ? “ Daryl lays back and huffs. “ please .. this group is so broken it won’t do any good. All that’s it’s going to do is prolonged the unavoidable.”  Tara then stretched her arms over her head as she stood, finally done eating. She then moves over and hits her brother on the shoulder..” get some rest. One of us will wake you up when it’s time. “ She then looked at Emma. “ I have a few things I have to look in on and a few things to do before dark. I’ll be back here before sun down... be careful Emma, and don’t you do anything stupid!!” She told Daryl glaring at him... he only waved her off as she left the dixson camp.
Tara watched her from the side, never letting her guard down. When the woman talked to her she just nodded slightly. Stopping with the woman for a minute to take in her reaction to the group. She then removed the bolt from the girl's hand and started to the group, slinging her crossbow over her sleeveless, tattooed arms and onto her shoulder.
After Rick left her, Emma made her way to the campsite where Tara and Daryl were sitting and eating. "Hey," she said sitting down on the ground by the fire. "Rick wants us to meet with him and the others at the farmhouse at sunset," she informed them. She looked at her hands for a moment. "One day you guys are gonna have to fill me in on your previous torture experience and the why. Not really something on most people's resumes." She didn't say it in a judgemental way at all. "Sorry, probably a bit of a rude question. Just curious. It's just a little obvious that it's not the first time."
"I think I might," she laughed. "Knowing my luck Rick would pair me with Andrea and I don't think that would be a great idea. If you both don't mind of course. You two seem to keep your distance from everyone. I don't want to wear out my welcome."
Rick then moves over to sit on the other side of the fire letting the fire warm his  skin. He gave a soft sigh and then nodded.” I needed to talk to people that know what they are doing. And know how to handle this..you three are smart, and I need help. Please. He looks back to them Daryl raises his eyebrow and then looked at Emma then back to Rick. “So, you want us to help you lead this group of idiots? I don’t know if Tara would take that well? Shane is a big issue.”
"That doesn't make it okay!" Dean yelled. Cas took another minute to sooth Dean before he spoke again.
So the boys spent the day driving around and chatting in Baby and seeing various road-side attractions before returning to the motel room. When they got back, Jensen and Cas sat on the couch to continue their debate about the best war strategies while Jared retired to his room to read more lore.
As his eyes started to finally glaze over and he had lost the plot of the episode in his dreamy mind, Dean was awoken by the soft tip-tapping of someone knocking on his door. His sleepy feet plodded to the door, sliding the creaky lock along the old and rusted track until it fell open, and saw Cas, who looked scared and soft around the edges.
"How can I? I've got a hot piece of ass sitting on my lap." Dean smirked. Cas laughed and kissed Dean lightly on the nose.
"Go brush your teeth then you can see more of this hot piece of ass." Cas said with a grin and climbed off Dean's lap reluctantly.
"What's so funny?" Cas felt ashamed about his sudden outburst of emotion, and could feel the touch of tears at the back of his throat.
After going through two books and highlighting the important parts for the brothers, Jared heard a pause in the conversation happening in the kitchen. Looking at the clock on his bedside table, he realized it was just after one in the morning. He set down the book on hexes he was reading and turned off the light before hearing chairs scraping on the floor and two sets of foot steps walking into the next bedroom.
Castiel shuffled over to the unkempt bed in the middle of the room; the mattress was drowning in bedraggled blankets and the torment of late-night demons. The fallen angel's wings looked quite like this, and maybe that's why he felt so drawn to it. As he cloaked in the warmth and scent of Dean, the taller man came and perched on the side of the bed, only to slide into position next to Cas and pulled the head of black hair to rest on his shoulder, an arm loosely places around the angel's waist.
Dean rolled over onto his stomach to calm his breathing into his pillow. After a minute or two, Dean rolled back onto his side and reached out to Cas's side of the bed to pull his angel closer. As he grasped onto the cold sheets next to him, he wondered where Cas had gone, or if he had ever been there. 'Did I dream these past few months?' Dean wondered.
Dean could smell the stench of death and sweat, and was blanketed in the pressing heat and exhaustion. Sweat pooled into every available space, and he could feel the grime covering him head to toe whenever he moved. The vast expanse of purgatory was full of monochromatic trees and hills, and the suffocating web of threats closing around Dean faster then he could kill them off.
"It's perfect." Dean muttered into Castiel's lips before sitting down at the table and digging into his breakfast.
Jared stood up took Ruby's knife out of his waist band, 'where Sam always keeps it 'Jensen mentally added, and ran it across his palm, making a shallow cut.
"I honestly just want it all to end. I want everything to end. But a war has to be fought and I am willing to sacrifice." Jensen stopped to think.
Castiel dragged his hand through his hair once, showing a small sign that he was not all angel anymore.
"Sammy. We're home! Real, moldy, termite-eaten home!" Dean announced excitedly as he flopped onto his bed.
"Hey Dean." The angel responded. The sandpaper growl of his voice broken apart by the knife of fear.
"Hey boys, what's on the agenda for today?" Jensen asked after sitting down at the table and taking a bite of egg.
The tinny music swelled through the speakers in his laptop. Obviously, something important was happening. Dean couldn't seem to care. The only thing on his mind was the soft pink of Cas' lips, like the sky at dawn after being serenaded to sleep by the lullaby of cars on the highway and sticky skin against the interior of the Impala. Or the gross bubblegum lipgloss that girls in high school seemed to always wear when they kissed him, but Dean's mind always seemed to be in the men's locker room after football practice where he would suck off the star quarterback.
"Sorry Cas." Jensen recovered, "How is your side of the war going?" Jensen looked down at the worn table as he mumbled out his question.
Did he just pull emotion out of Castiel? Because he knew from the plot that Cas slowly becomes more human, but he was so emotionless a little less than an hour ago. Jensen stopped moving cans of soup to take a deep breath. He walked over to the table and sat down across from Castiel. He met the angels icy blue eyes and could see hints of sorrow. He wondered whether he should keep talking to Cas, or tell him to leave. Jensen did not want to mess up any of the plot, but he did feel a strange humming inside him that called him towards the angel.
Jensen looked back up at the angel, amazed with the realization that no one had ever talked to Castiel like this and had gotten so many emotions out of him. He wondered why Sam and Dean never thought to speak to Castiel like a human.
"Nightmare." Dean murmured against Castiel's jawline as he planted kisses all along the fallen angel's face and neck.
Jensen moved to put the groceries into the small refrigerator and was very aware of Castiel close behind him.
The taller man walked into Dean's room with a few of his books in hand, one of them was opened to a page about Pishtacos, a peruvian monster.
Cas looked at Jensen, confused for a moment before going on. "Well you see after I... Kille-no, you do know. Jensen, you cannot lie to an angel."
They stood watching the sunrise and Dean got reoriented to the world and Castiel. And as the sun came up, Cas said one last thing to sooth Deans mind.
"Jensen, where are we?" Jared asked in a sharp tone, clearly not wanting to talk to the shorter man, "It looks like the set we were just on..."
It was about an hour before Jensen woke up to find Castiel and Jared deep into a conversation about their universe.
"Cas?" He didn't respond. "Cas, bumblebee. What did Michael say?" Cas blushed and mumbled something.
"Hey, isn't that...." Benny didn't finish his sentence before Dean rushed forward to the fallen angel's side.
Cas hummed in understanding as they stood in silence for a moment. He let Dean catch up with the real world before trying to speak again.
"There's some passages in these books that are highlighted. I don't even own a highlighter and neither does Bobby even though this was his book." Sam turned the book to face Dean, who could see lines of yellow over the small text.
Castiel was staring at the ceiling while Jensen's breath next to him was slow and even. He thought back through the conversation he and Jensen had shared and wondered why he never thought to sit down and talk with Dean. Dean and his bright green eyes like the grass in Castiel's favorite heaven. Dean with his soul that shined so brightly, Cas couldn't look directly at it when they first met in hell. Dean, who he had fought and fallen for, who he rebelled constantly for.
"What?" Or at least that's what Dean thought he said, when, in reality, he had just made a strangled gurgling noise that tumbled and fell into the space between them.
"It's part of Balthazar's plan. Sam and Dean are in your universe while you are in theirs." Castiel explained as he flicked his hand and sigils appeared on the walls, "My job is to keep you safe for the next night or two." Castiel turned to face the two men and waited for their reactions.
Cas's lips were parted and slightly chapped. They seemed perfect and soft, like the light of the full moon. Dean closed his eyes and took a calming breath, praying to whatever that Cas was asleep.
"Seems to work out when the Winchesters lie to each other. Or when you and Dean won't admit your feelings." Jensen grumbled under his breath, fully knowing the angel could probably hear him.
"Oh, okay Cas. Um, can the angels hear us in here?" Jensen hid his face back in the fridge, thankful that he had things to put away, and wondered if Castiel could hear his thoughts because all that as running through his mind was Cas Cas Cas Cas.
"What are you talking about Sammy? The room was locked, and nothing was taken." Dean sat up and stared at his baby brother in confusion.
Sam huffed out a laugh "Maybe, Dean I'll look out for him. It's no problem really, Eileen and I got burgers. Besides this new case I'm working on-"
He made it upstairs with sustained fury, following the sound of bagpipe to the perpetrator's apartment. Dean pounded on the door with his open palm. The music didn't stop but he heard padding across the floor and the scrape of metal across metal. The noise stopped, and the door creaked open, a chain crossed over the face of a blue eyed, messy haired man. Who stood, completely shirtless at the door.
As Dean said that, Sam walked past a storefront and stopped short, he paused for a moment, looking through the large glass window
He pulled out a baking sheet, tin foil and parchment paper, and preheated his oven to 250 degrees, "Too bad I'm going to have to put my fish in the oven."
Laying across a small wooden desk is Jack Kline snoring loudly across, hastily done history homework crumbled under him. A few feet away his roommate sleeps huddled under a mess of covers. Across the room is a dimly lit microwave displaying the time, surrounded by unclean silverware and red solo cups. The hallway light creeps under the door, casting shadows across the room, flickering with the footsteps of night owls that pass by their dorm. A metallic click cuts through the silence, the door creaks open bathing the bedroom floor in light. A shadowy figure stalks across the room, closing the door behind them quickly. Jack stirred upon hearing the noise, opening his eyes hoping to focus in the dark, he tensed ready for attack. The intruder crept closer, kicking a textbook over, knocking them off balance.
Six am on a Monday morning and Dean Winchester was wide awake. He knew instantly, why he was awake, and as god as his witness he was going to kill his upstairs neighbor.
Dean cleared his throat and faked sincerity "Camille, I didn't know you, but you lead to some of the weirdest, sort of sweet interactions, I've ever had. Have fun in that giant toilet in the sky, I guess." he smiled with the corners of his mouth, trying his hardest not to laugh
"Hello, welcome to The Puurrfect cup." The man was straight faced as he said it, "How may I help you?"
“Dean-” A finger raises into the air cutting him off, Dean grabs the remote and pauses his movie, “hold on, the kid wants something- Nah, it’ll only take a minute.” He murmurs into the phone then looks up, pressing it into his chest. “Whatd’ya want?”
"Nah." He rolled from under the car to find Bobby wiping his hands with an old towel that did more harm than good. "Who is it? D'you know him?"
"Hello, My name is Arthur Ketch, I was just discussing with your associate my urgent need for you to inspect my car."
Jack squared his shoulders, his jaw tight. He walks through the bunker towards the green faux leather couch Dean is propped upon. Beer bottles leave condensation rings on the table in front of him, the tv has an old cowboy movie playing in near silence. Jack looks down at Dean, he has a cell phone propped up between his chin and shoulder but not talking, just taking careful sips of his beer.
"You can't be serious! look at him, he's probably just here for your free coffee." He sneered "I'll only be but a second!"
They cross through a grassy median into the surrounding wooded grounds, Claire began to push branches out of the way. Underneath, a silver bumper gleams in the moonlight.
"Cas," He repeated "It fits you. Well, Cas, I have to go." He began to get up "I'd like to say it's been fun. It's certainly been exciting." He stretched
Castiel lifted his head from his work "Nice to meet you, Dean." and immediately he was back to his work
Before Dean could get back a tall dark haired man came into through the front, he wore a light gray tailored suit and ran a hand through his hair, he stood impatiently tapping his foot. he has a frantic strong presence and the smell of his aftershave wafted across the room, he smelt like the jacket of a book, clean and delightfully gray. After a few moments he presses the bell again, it dings, unheard over the Asia playing in the Garage.
Bagpipes were playing upstairs, loud, obnoxious bagpipes and the soft rhythmic pounding of his neighbor's foot along with it. Dean couldn't stand it, the thin hardwood floors that separated them did nothing to keep the noise from seeping into his apartment, let alone his dreams. He got up, flannel clad and furious and grabbed a broom. Dean began to bang, angrily on his roof top, chips of his popcorn ceiling fell on his shoulder.
Castiel pulled his car into the garage, a light blue Toyota Prius that Dean laughed at the second he saw it.
Dean somehow managed to find himself, at 6:30 in a strangers apartment, he sat legs folded, barefoot on the couch, a hot macbook in his lap and grimace on his face. The blue eyed man was across the room, he had a small white glass jar in his hands where he was writing, "Camille", in careful gold letters, the calligraphy was clearly practiced, and borderline sweet.
Dean huffed out another laugh, Cas smiled softly, a warm feeling flooded his chest and for just a moment he was ecstatic to be sitting in a waiting room. He went over to the corner of the little autoshop and sat next to the water cooler. he took one of the little cone shaped cups and pulled a paint marker from his trench coat's pocket. he mindlessly scribbled and waited for Dean to return.
Two weeks had passed, and Dean hadn't been to see his eccentric neighbor since his bagpipe filled morning and yet wherever he went, he could have sworn Cas was there. He was underneath a rusted out car, oil dripped into a pan beside him as he worked on it. The familiar sound of his mentor's work shoes on the concrete drew his attention, he waited until they stopped beside the car.
Dean paused, his chest tightened at the word. He looks over at Jack, his fingers tighten around the neck of his beer bottle, and takes a swig. “Alright then, you can go, but we do this right. We’ll help you along the way, get you a part-time job, scholarships, the works, got it? No dropping out if you find out it’s not as fun as you think it is.”
Meg sighed "Finals man, they're killer. Probably not enough Adderall on Earth to get me through them. Claire's not fairing any better, She hasn't left her room in days."
Cas added his sugar and walked across the room, he handed him the mug and placed his on the end table next to the couch. after that he disappeared into his bedroom, he came back with a fishbowl draped with a towel, his eyes were glossy as he put the fish in the preheated oven.
Jack’s roommate sat up in his bed, “Please, I have a class in like four hours take that shit outside!”
Sam made a face of disgust that Dean could almost hear "Ew, Dean. Ew." he shook his head "Well what's goin' on down at the shop? Your crush stop by?"
"Fuck," Emma said simply. She held both her sai's in front of her as the group began trying to weed their way through the walkers in riot gear. T-dog and Glenn were both trying to hit the walkers in the face, which of course did absolutely no good because of the shields in front of their faces. Maggie grabbed one of the walkers and stabbed it up through the neck.
Emma sighed in relief as Carol entered the room. "We're apparently in an argument over who gets to watch over Tara," she explained to Carol. She wouldn't be petty and go over everything that had been said, like a child would, but she didn't think it should be completely ignored either. "I was just telling her I'm sure it would be fine if we both did it." Quickly changing the topic. "How is Sophia and how are you?" She asked warmly.
"I can tell," Emma replied with a chuckle. "I plan on staying as far away from him as I possibly can if I can. I know it'll probably be a little hard joining the group." She sighed, filling her duffle bag, before quietly closing the trunk. She hitched her bag back onto her back before leaning against the car too for a moment. "He can't be any worse than my dad at least. Now that guy was fucking crazy." She looked over at the male who Tara had been standing beside earlier. "Is he your brother?" She asked curiously.
They walked into the spare room and placed Daryl on the bed. She took off Daryl's shirt and looked at the wound. "He's lucky. It's not fatal. Came real close though." Emma sat down on the bed beside Daryl after getting a bowl of water, giving it to Maggie who gave her a knowing look.
Tara looked over and nodded and took the bottle and then took a drink. And then put the cap back on.
Daryl said nothing as Dale had mirrored his words to him, and his eyes softened on Dales and watched as he walked out of the house. He felt bad, it never felt good taking a life, that guilt always there eating at you. He then sighed and looked back over to Rick. Ricks head goes down and he takes another breath and nods standing straight.” Alright then , I’ll do it.” He then looked at Emma and then over at the twins and then left the house as well, the twins watched him leave and Daryl turned to follow him. Tara then stands and looks over to Emma.
Rick looked around as they came into the main room of the prison. It was so quiet, he then started up the guard tower. Slowly opening the door to fine the dead guard, he looks over the body and then moves to remove the ring of keys. Daryl moves to the cell block and Tara follows, always on high alert, finger on the trigger as they go cell to cell. Glen and Maggie going down on the left to see what was down that way. It was so quiet. Rick then comes down and looks around the large main room and then he just smiles.” This is it.” He looks at Emma clapping her on the shoulder..Glenn and T walk back to the main room and then ten minutes later the twins walk back into the main room. Tara moves her bow over her shoulder as she then points behind her. “It’s clear. Just have to get the dead bodies out and then we’re good.”
"Luckily for you, you can probably get away with just about anything and no one will say anything." She lit a cigarette for herself as well. They sat there in silence for a few minutes until they had finished their ciggs, then Emma stood up, slinging her bag over her shoulder. She held out a hand for Tara. "You ready?" She asked.
Tara nodded with Emma she would be on the lookout for something, she opens her mouth until she hears the rustling of trees, her eyes shoot over watching Rick and Daryl coming from them Rick’s eyes wide and Daryl’s unreadable. She looked to Emma and nodded over to the guys walking over to them.
They walk on passed the corridor and turn. Rick, Daryl ,and Emma upfront, with Hershel and T staying back a little, until the whispers of “daddy” could be heard. Hershel turns back quickly calling for Maggie and then everything goes to hell. Hershel screams out in pain and Rick turns fast running back and firing off his weapon to kill the walker that had bitten into the older mans leg. The panic increases ten fold as the shots ring out, causing the passing walkers to come back. Maggie, Glenn, and Tara come out as Rick is picking up Hershel. Glenn is quick to help as they start dragging him off.
As they all began moving, Emma kept one of her sais in one hand, the paint can in the other. As they moved slowly through the corridors, Emma would quickly spray the wall, with arrows that pointed back towards the group, so like Rick said if they needed to break away quickly, they could know where to go. As they walked into the first area, flashlights shone on bodies of people that had been here before who hadn’t made it when the walkers had taken over. These people had either been shot from when they themselves had turned or just didn’t turn when they were taken down in the crossfire. As they walked in silence, she heard Maggie and Glen bump into each other. She quickly muttered a startled sorry as they continued. As they came around another corner, Emma quickly moved to mark this wall as well. As they continued on, they heard a small thud sound and as soon as they rounded the corner, a group of walkers met them.
"I'll help where I can." Emma replied. "The only problem is, I'm new. Just in my short time here, I've noticed that about Shane. I know Andrea at least will listen to him faster than she will any of us. You need to find out who will be loyal to you."
“The thing is, this group that he was with. We can’t let them find us. We need answers but he’s not going to be truthful about it. I-“ Daryl then cuts off Rick. With a small wave of his hand. “ I’ll do it. Just keep everyone away from the shed. “ he then stood up and started to take the dressing off of his head and tossing it on the chair, Rick then gets up putting a hand softly on his shoulder.” Do you think that’s a good idea? Your still hurt made be some one else should.” Daryl looked at Rick then back at Emma shaking his head. “Nah, it has to be me. Shane goes too far and would kill him, you have most of that group looking to you, and there is no way in hell i'm letting Emma do it. Not like I haven’t done this before.” He said tone turning colder as he spoke, his mask falling into place.
That was all it took the soft brush of Emma’s arm against hers and her soft spoken words had her body relaxing back into blissful nothing. Andrea’s eyes cut over to this new girl with a frown and gave a mocking laugh.
Tara loaded four more shells and then cocked the gun taking a few more walkers down, one that was closing in on Emma’s left side without hesitation with a head shot, taking half the skull with it. Once all of the walkers had been put down Tara lowered the gun, it took her a few tries to get her breathing back under control. She looks over at Emma checking her over for any injuries. Once she saw she was fine her eyes narrowed sharply and her head whipped over to Shane and a low growl left her mouth. It could be heard by everyone with how quiet it was now. Her hands tighten on her shotgun and she starts walking with some speed over to Shane, no fear that he was taller than her and bigger, but her face screamed rage. “ WHAT THE FUCK OFFICER DICK!! I’m gonna stomp your ass!!" She growled out her shotgun coming down to her side and her fist came back, her body shifted to the left, her back foot moving to give more power to her arm. Then she throws her fist making a cringing sound as it follows through. What seemed like time stopping for that one second, and she felt a little satisfaction of hitting this asshole. Rick only gets there in enough time only to get in between them after she had hit Shane, his back to Tara as she took a step back. "I’m not done with the asshole, officer friendly!!”
With that she walked into the house. Tara wasn't too hard to find. She sat down on the side of the bed with her. Her eyes were closed and she wasn't sure if she was awake or not. "You gave us all quite a scare today. Sophia's okay. I don't know if Daryl told you or not, but everything is okay. At least for now."
Tara watches her as she speaks, seeing nothing but honesty and a smile crossed her lips as she then nods . She looks back seeing Maggie. Glenn finally gets to Maggie, still a little panicked. “Maggie!! Your dad, is he around! Daryl’s shot! Please.” He whispers hoping he would help, knowing that they were on rocky terms with the Greens because of Shane. Rick hauls Daryl up a little more to try and keep the unconscious man up, T also trying to keep him up. Rick looks up to Maggie. “Please, “ Rick asked her, almost desperate. Tara looks back to Emma as they get closer to them. “I’m going to run to our camp and grab a shirt. Stay with them till I get back?”
“Look, we don’t know who you are or even where you came from. And if something happens to her then Daryl is gone and then we don’t have a hunter. But I think someone from the group should stay with her,” she challenged. Puffing up her chest just a little as if she was not wrong.
"I love you," he had said. Emma leaned down and kissed him, making it so much harder on herself to do what needed to be done, but she did it.
Rick looks over at Emma and nods, showing her that he had heard. He then looks at everything that is going on, trying to form a plan. He then looks back at Emma, staying quiet so only she could hear.
"Shut your whore mouth," Emma replied. Her hands were shaking. "We'll be lucky if Hershal doesn't kick us off his property now," she said through gritted teeth.
Emma woke up, her handy duffle bag had been under her head as she slept. Emma raised up from the cool grass. It was definitely the most comfortable she had been in ages. Just about everyone else was still asleep, aside from Daryl and Tara who had disappeared from around the fire. Emma stood up, taking her flannel off. She was wearing a tank top underneath. It was getting too hot already. She breathed for a moment. She really missed air conditioning. Emma walked around the courtyard by the fence for a moment, enjoying the alone time she had while everyone else was asleep. She sang quietly to herself, songs she used to hear on the radio and from old CDs she once had, until more members of the group began coming too and she walked down to them.
Emma nodded at Tara. "You guys don't get dead either. I'm gonna help the others however I can." She gave Tara a brief hug. "Be careful and we'll see you there."
-Tara looked at Lori and then back out and then hopped the rail and then looked back at the group and yelled.” You got a little time, get your shit and get gone!! Rick will take care of the boy !! You need to move  now!! Emma, get them gone !!” She said as she stabbed a closing in walker and then took off into the dark madness  the flames of the barn making it seem like she was walking straight into hell, where her brother was waiting.
Her bike came to a slow stop as she moved her legs down to hold the bike between them. She stood as best as she could. Gloved fingers still gripping the bars of the trump. Both bikes turned off at the same time as both riders slowly removed themselves from the motorcycles. There were a group of cars and one RV stopped about a hundred feet away.
Rick had hugged her back giving her thanks for what she had told him. It boosted his confidence up just a little. And she was right about Shane, the twins had always had a thing about him, and he trusted the way they could tell who was good and who was shit just by looking at them. Emma seemed to have this trait as well and he nodded. ”Yeah, I’m not sure what to do about Shane, I mean he's my brother.. or at least was, I thought I could save him somehow but it seems he is digging himself deeper. I’ll watch my back, you watch yours, tell the twins to just stay away from him, we don’t need another fight, with everything going on. I’ll have everyone else think on this and we will meet in the farmhouse at sunset and go from there.” He then put his hand on Emma’s shoulder with a small smile. “Thank you Emma. There are not many people I can talk to like this and they keep a level head.”
“We didn’t see her Carol, I... I’m sorry. B... but we think she is with Tara," he said, looking over to Daryl as he grunts and then nodded. His eyes then looking at the ground.
Shane was the first to speak of course. "The most important thing is the group. I don't like this anymore than the rest of ya'll, but it's gotta be done." Emma rolled her eyes. She wasn't surprised though. She knew almost everyone here would be thinking it. Dale was the next to go. "We shouldn't do this. He's a human being. If we kill him, then we're no better than that group we're so afraid of. Someones gotta agree with me here." He looked helplessly around the room. He glanced at Glen for a moment. "Glen? We talked about it before. Don't you think we should give him a chance?" Glen sighed and shook his head no. Dale looked like someone had shot his favorite puppy and he looked around again. For a moment, his gaze lingered on Emma. She hated to cause the man anymore pain than he was already in, but she couldn't agree with him. "I'm sorry Dale, but far be it from me to agree with Shane about something, but in this case, he's right. We gotta protect our own." Dale looked around again waiting for someone else to respond. "I can't believe you people. We could have someone with him. Give him a chance and see how he does." Shane interrupted quickly. "Alright, say we give him a chance. He does well. What's to keep him from building up our trust and then running off to his group of 30 people?"
Tara gave a huffed laugh and the question. Her eyes didn’t leave the sky for a few minutes as everything ran through her head. The crickets and cicadas in tune with each other, she let herself process everything she could as she then gave a long sigh and looked down and over to Emma.” Honestly... I don’t know.” Her hands then move up and wipe down her face. Her eyes close as she sighs again only deeper. Her hands then hold onto the rail. “What about you, are you ok?” She really couldn’t answer, she really didn’t even know herself at this point. But Emma had been through just as much shit. After meeting her, she now saw her as a younger sister and she knew Daryl felt the same. She couldn’t find it in herself to put the mask back over to hide her emotional state from Daryl and Emma.
The group was beginning to get restless. Almost everyone together in one house for hours. Lori, Maggie, and Beth were in the kitchen with Beth's mother and brother, getting dinner together for everyone. It had been too long. Emma wondered if they had found Randall yet. Once the food was done, Emma stepped outside for just a moment to give Tara a plate. "I take it there's been nothing yet?" She asked.
Emma scoffed, trying to make this terrible situation lighter. "Nah, not hurt. I didn't let one get near me," she smiled. "I wonder where everyone is though. I made sure most everyone was out before we left. The only ones I really lost track of were Jim when he went to help Rick and Carl and then of course i lost track of them and then I didnt see Andrea fucking anywhere. I know Glen and Maggie were in the car, Lori and T-Dog, Beth and Hershel....Particia is gone. Carol and Sophia were in a car." She tried thinking of everyone. "I would think at least someone else would be here now though."
Once she had hidden the little girl, Tara turned around now armed with her knife and bolt gripped tightly in her hand. The first walker fingers grazed her arm and then it dropped to the ground in dead weight, a fresh wound up through the skull. She then turned and ran off as the other three gave chase. She runs fast but not too fast to lose the walkers, not taking the chance that they would go back for the girl. She came up to a tent. It looked like someone had stayed there recently. She moved behind the tent to make sure nothing was there and looked up as the first walker came into view. Her arms go up ready for the first one, but that's where it goes to shit. Dead fingers grip a hold of her left ankle and pull her off of her feet, her only saving grace was moving her arms out to stop a bloody impact. Her panic skyrocketed, and then she kicked the lame walker that only had half of his body in the face and then turned to stab it. She felt the first walker grip her shirt and it rips up the back, aged scars littered her skin along with a few tattoos. She then jumps up and the pain shoots up from her foot. But she doesn’t stop. She takes off once again but her bow was now gone, it must have come off when she hit the ground...fuck!! Daryl was going to kill her, but she pushes it out of her mind and concentrates on one thing. Staying alive. She then stumbled into a hunters spot, her breathing had increased to the point where she was struggling to take in air. Something was wrong, she knew it, but now there was an overweight man wearing camo and some orange. His eyes widen as he aims the rifle at her, finger on the trigger as he yells out something. Tara couldn't really hear, her hearing was gone and black shadows started to cross her vision. No! No! No! If she blacked out now she was never going to see her brother again. He would never know...like with Merle. She could do this, she took as much of a breath as she could.
She was sure the bags her eyes looked terrible as she led Daryl, Rick, and a few other members of the group to where she had found Sophia. She looked around the trees, following the footsteps until she came to her tent. It looked like Tara had made it this way at least and then continued on because she was nowhere to be found. They rested there for a moment, before continuing, her sitting down next to her husband's grave. She had found a few flowers on the way there. Small daisies that she laid down on the dirt above them. She wished she could do more, but this was all she had. She opened up her water and took a swig of it.
Emma had fallen silent after she told the group what had happened and why Randall was still alive. Once they heard the screams echoing in the air the group raced off towards them, after Lori ordered Carl to go into the house and stay there.
Andrea just looked at Emma, the look of disbelief all over her face. She then stood from the bed and crossed her arms.
Daryl starts to pace, he looked for anything and everything to help get him an idea of what happened to Tara. He looked over to Emma, she had done good getting him this far. That’s when Rick moved down to pick up something from the ground and caused Daryl to stumble back a little. His twins bow. The white feathers were dirty as they hung from the hilt. He then moved over to Rick to take the bow.
Rick's eyes would look over at Shane, his body now on guard as some things clicked into place for him.. he knew Shane was leading him, most likely to get rid of him. He could feel Shane stop but he kept going to the farm house in the distance the moon hung heavy in the starless black sky. And he then buys his weapon back in its hostler.” So, this is where your going to do it?”
Emma listened to Daryl. "Got it." She said. "If I feel like it's too much though, I'm going to come in. Like, if I think you're going to kill him or something." It was a slight joke. She knew they said they were used to doing stuff like this, she wasn't sure how far they had gone or if they knew when to stop. She did have to tell herself though, that they weren't her dad, who definitely wouldn't know when to quit, and she certainly trusted them more than him. She nodded. "I trust you both." They made their way to the shed and Emma stood outside the door, leaned up against the outside wall.
Daryl gets off his bike taking his bow Tara doing the same thing  as the two backup a little, they never liked being in with a crowd. Once Emma brought up Shane, Tara goes over to start taking stock of what they had with them to see what could be useful. Daryl still had his eyes on Rick, they both knew what happened and put together what Rick did, yet they couldn’t blame him for it.. he was pushed; something that Shane was good at. Daryl watched and nodded.” Found Randall out in the woods, Shane killed him like he always wanted,  but he wasn’t bit. “ Daryl looks up at Rick and their eyes meet and Daryl really watched.. he had kind of already figured it out but he needed Rick to tell them. Then Rick's whole demeanor changed, his eyes becoming hard as he started.” Shane led me out into the woods to get rid of me, I got to him first. “ he then looked around and hardened himself even more.”We are all infected... the doctor from the CDC told me as we were leaving. We all have it.” Tara stops what she is doing and her mouth hangs open in slight shock... not the Shane news but how the hell did they all get infected. Daryl looks over at the group as glen steps up.” Why didn’t you tell us, when I found those walkers in the bars I told for the food of the group! You had no right to hid it from us.” Rick looks back at glen, his face a bloody scary calm.. and Daryl and Tara step back once... they knew they were dangerous... and this man standing here was radiating calm and madness. His eyes never pulling from glens as his voices drops with power.” And I thought it was best not to say anything. We stay together and camp tonight, tomorrow we make a run into town.” He turns on his heels and starts to where the brick structure was not bothering to look back. Tara looks over at Emma  and Daryl, the group now quiet.-
As the others dealt with the walkers with riot gear. Rick heads for the gate, yelling for Daryl as he did so, once the gate was locked Daryl had turn right as a riot walker moved to grab onto him Tara came up from behind with a jump so she could get her are around the neck and push the helm up letting her knife sink into the base of the skull, then it just dropped, Tara then looked up at Daryl with a cocky grin.
After finishing her meal, she lay down on the ground, feeling the warmth from the fire. She felt comfortable right now. Safe. For the first time in forever. She closed her eyes, but kept her ears listening to everything around her, listening to the crackle of the fire and the voices from the other members of the group from a distance. She even hears as a couple of horses galloped. She opened her eyes and sat up for a moment, watching Glenn and Maggie riding off to town.
She shook her head. "It's not just the running I don't think. Even though she is huge, she's still a tad early I think. I haven't done the exact math because we don't even know if it's Rick's or Shane's kid, but I don't know. Just something doesn't feel right about it." She frowned and also looked towards the group. "I'm hoping maybe there's another town close by that we just haven't noticed or something somehow. Not just to find somewhere to hole up for a few weeks, but to find shit for the baby. Maybe look into a few more houses or something."
Dean frowned at him, puffing up for a second like he was being challenged before sinking just as quickly back into his nervous energy. "I'm not saying no here, Cas. I'm just…" Dean tangled their fingers, looking down at their hands. "That's really what you want? Just to touch me?"
"Dad." There are tears in Dean's eyes too, and for once it doesn't matter. There's no pretending here. There's no need to toughen up, put on a brave face, be daddy's little soldier. There's just this: All the pain between them, and all the understanding they never had the words or the time for in life.
That's how Dean remembers it, anyway. He's not sure it's really true. He's not sure… Looking at himself from fifteen years ago, all that aching loneliness and repression and guilt and sense of worthlessness… Dean's not sure that he's ever been okay.
Kansas is like this too; her roads unending, her scenery muted tans and greens, but that asphalt with its double yellow lines riding out into an unknowable distance.
Sam gets past the exit for Brady, and suddenly the road is clear again, leaving the Impala free to rumble down the highway with the long notes of
Dean snorted, but when Cas glanced at him, some of the pain had bled out of his expression. Dean put his arm around Cas' shoulders, unexpected but warm and solid.
“Listen,” she says. “I’m really bad at lying. Like, really, comically bad. Especially to you, even if I don’t know, you know, you you. So I’m just gonna tell you, Sam called me and asked me to come over. Don’t get mad at him, he was just trying to look out for you, but he said you were kind of freaking out about future you and Cas.”
When Dean recites the ritual and lights the bowl on fire, Crowley materializes in his blood-spattered apron, looking quite put out and holding the freshly bleeding head of a deer in one hand.
The memory pitches forward, reforms into a cabin in the woods in Montana. Now-Dean can't help himself letting out a sharp breath.
It's who Dean is, to care, even when it's too much, even when it makes him want to die. He's had too much loss, seen too much death, but dammit. He'll carry that until it kills him. He'll care until it kills him.
“Please,” Dean mutters back, cutting him off. He wants it to hurt. Cas knows that’s what he’s asking for, because after years of this he knows Dean’s body better than Dean does, and Cas is always a little hesitant to be the thing Dean hurts himself with. It doesn’t always stop him, and Dean is grateful for that, but he’s grateful too that it always makes Cas pause.
"You think I'm like dad?" Dean asks. His voice is flat, toneless, coming from somewhere in that central numbness that he can't quite shake.
The cherry trees here are still relatively small, nothing like the towering redwoods in Yosemite that had made Dean breathless and bound to their beauty. And yet…
One of Dean’s latest projects was building a little gazebo-like structure just outside the garden. It’s only just big enough for two people and a keyboard to fit inside, which is precisely what’s happening at the moment. Cas likes to take his recently purchased keyboard outside and play to the plants, no matter how much Dean teases him about it.
"Okay," Sam says. "Okay. Uh. Look, I know you're probably not going to believe me right now, but time travel is real. Rare, but real. This is the year 2020, and I'm me. I can prove it, okay? Our parents are John and Mary Winchester. Our mom died in a fire when I was six months old and you were four. You carried me out of the house and basically raised me for our whole childhood. One time when dad left us alone in the Impala too long, we carved our initials into the frame and they're still there. We're named after our mom's parents, Samuel and Deanna Campbell."
Finally, Cas sighs again, and this time he does take a step back from Dean. “I’ll be back,” he says.
“I would have done anything to keep Sammy safe,” Dean mutters to the carpet. It is, perhaps, his most fundamental truth.
"But it's also, if you want to take the broader view," Cas goes on, rifling through the hangers himself. "That you didn't always have this dichotomy of gender. I mean, how do certain pants make you one gender or another? What if you went nude, would that be neutral?"
relationship without developing codependency, although there is certainly some overlap there. Dependency itself may not be healthy either, but from what you've told me so far, I understand that your working relationship with your brother was a vital necessity, as well as your familial relationship being an emotional one." Hank shrugs. "As far as I see it, dependency isn't a problem until it's a problem. Does that make sense?"
Dean laughs in spite of his suppressed nerves. “Like father, like son, man. You went through this phase when you were like two and a half. Wouldn’t eat anything except mac and cheese. It drove dad crazy.”
Kissing Cas is like every good moment Dean's ever kept in his soul. It's warm and intense and so fucking good and he wants to do it forever.
"Hmph," Dean said, hands coming up to run along Cas' lower back as Cas pushed him gently back onto the mattress.
Dean claps a hand to his brother's shoulder, and Sam startles a little. "I know, Sammy. I'm just… being reminded of who I… who we used to be, before everything, it messes with my head, you know? But I'm okay. I'm fine. I'm just gonna go for a drive, pick up Crowley's stupid summoning fruit, and then I'll help research. Okay?"
Cas' hands on Dean's raw skin do what his whole self has been threatening to do since he first understood that the baby in his vision's arms belonged to Sam. Cas' touch breaks him, undoes that last knot tied at the very center of Dean's being, unmakes every rule and defense that has ever kept him safe.
Dean groans and lays his head on the table, peering sideways at older Dean, who is staring blankly into space, not even pretending to read.
For twenty years, Dean had told Alastair that, until one time the demon had shrugged and said “Well, if you insist,” and moved to press up between Dean’s spread legs.
After another minute or two in which Dean feels uncomfortably aware of the existence of strangers, the elephant finally stops stomping anxiously near the wall. She lowers her trunk, curling it in, make a tiny muffled trumpeting noise, before turning and walking back toward what appears to be a den.
Sam hopes Cas knows what a huge gesture this is for Dean, like giving someone a dresser drawer or a key is for normal people.
Even after the years that they’ve spent here, it still feels strange to have a bedroom. It feels weird to have anywhere to lay his head more than a couple of times a year, a place to come back to, a place to rest. The closest they’d ever come before must have been Bobby’s house, but still, they’d always been visitors.
been brought back. Cas still isn’t quite sure of the physics or if it was all just divine providence, but the human form that he wore was his own. It
Dean looks happy in this picture. They both do. Cas sits on the bed and stares down at the photo in his lap, thinking that if he'd made his deal with the Empty before that day, it would have been his last.
Dean parks so that when he gets out and plunks himself down on the hood of the car he is facing out towards the great red rock formations that so surprised him the day before. He'd never thought to visit Utah - drive through it, sure, work a case there, of course, but he'd never have thought of Utah as beautiful.
Dean had a list, but he shakes his head. He's feeling sort of weak-limbed again, and he's learned in the past few weeks that this physical sensation tends to be a warning sign of an impending emotional breakdown.
Dean thinks. It hits him like this sometimes, out of nowhere, so profound that it makes his whole chest and stomach ache.
Cassie is wearing a white button-down shirt tucked into her blue jeans and she's got on brown cowboy boots that ride halfway up to her knees. Her curly natural hair is loose around her shoulders and she's grinning where she leans forward against the fence, the golden light of sunset shining in her eyes.
"Seriously, Sam, what's an angel doing slumming it in a hunter's bunker in Kansas? Shouldn't he be, I don't know, out dispensing the wrath of God or making miracles?"
“And I love you, Dean,” Cas murmurs against his mouth when Dean is straddling his lap and Cas has got one hand down his scrubs. Dean can’t help it if years of Dr. Sexy, M.D. have conditioned him to find Cas tearing his scrubs off incredibly hot. Perk of the job.
He remembers exactly how it felt when John drops the belt, panting, turning Dean around roughly. There are tears in his eyes as he shakes him. Then he’s throwing Dean to the ground with a thud, the newly formed sores on Dean’s back rippling with pain at the contact, and John is on top of him, and they’re fighting, somehow, even though Dean never fights back, even though it’s futile. Dean remembers being off-balance, nauseated, not thinking straight and his body taking over for once, fighting his dad off like he would with any other attack. But he’s seeing double, and then John is pinning him down and his large hand is wrapped around Dean’s throat, cutting off his air.
These days, Dean only lets himself come to Cas when he's either drunk or in complete emotional collapse. Cas, selfishly, oh so selfishly, prefers the latter, because at least emotionally devastated Dean wants affection, wants to be held and sometimes even to talk. They
“Oh come on. I’m definitely not. Sam’s the one with the brains. I’m just, you know.” Dean waves his hands vaguely. “A grunt.”
“I don’t know, man.” Dean shuts his eyes, just for a moment. “I went through it and then the door like, spat me back out into that room and I felt like, you know, it wasn’t great, but I see that shit all the time. I don’t need a magical “worst of” recap to tell me what I already know about Hell. I told you, I’m coping.”
Dean will ask what it means, he will, but he doesn't know how much more information he can take right now. So he shoots his third glass of whiskey back and finishes his beer before standing up.
he'd thought in his last three thrusts, finishing, spilling, coming unmade himself. He'd collapsed on top of Cas for a moment, Cas' hands coming up to pet his hair and run down his back, both of them breathing heavy into each other's skin.
Dean would have argued that Doctor Sexy could never get old, not with its perfectly constructed format of hot doctor drama and sex, but Cas chooses that moment to walk into the kitchen and Dean finds himself entirely unwilling to talk about hot doctor sex in front of the guy.
Sam makes a face at him, nose and forehead crinkled up in exasperation. “Dean. If this like, core wound shit for you -”
It was the last time they were ever open about it like that - the only time Dean ever really spoke about them like they were something
He reads through the half-dozen text threads on Cas' phone. From Sam, it's mostly texts saying "Where are you?" and answering locations, bits of info that seems like it might be related to cases, and an occasional request from Sam for Cas to pick up something on his way home.
Emma jokingly scowled at Rick. "Yes, too good. Yes, I know I look like shit cause of it too." She looked at all the weapons and everything that they were getting together and frowned slightly. "Looks like a good thing too, gotta figure out what's beyond this cell." After a bit, Hershel came out of his cell as well.
Emma stood up quickly after hearing the gun shots. She stared at Hershal for a moment, apologetically and then took off after Rick. She took her machete out and ran close to Tara.
Emma walked back into the group. "Don't judge Rick too harshly," she told them. "He's only ever done what he thought would keep the group safe and hes not going to stop now." Lori looked down at the ground and held Carl against her, tears still rolling down her cheeks. "We're all going to be okay." She stopped abruptly. Since when had she become the pep talk person? She thought to herself. She went into her duffle bag and got out a couple small bags of chips. She handed one to Carl and one to Sophia. At least then the kids would have something to occupy themselves with while all hell's breaking loose.
"Thank you, T-Dog," Emma replied, taking the supplies from his hands. "I don't think we will need everything, but this can definitely come in handy later, with how things have been going lately." Emma and Maggie continued working on Daryl, until finally they were satisfied. "Alright," she said matter of factly. "He'll be good, basically just have to wait for him to wake up now." She began packing her own medical supplies back into her duffle bag and put the rest on a bedside table for the time being. She stood up and paced around the room. Nighttime was falling again. She wondered where Rick, Glen, and Hershal were. They had been gone for hours at this point. She was growing worried, but knew if anything, they could handle themselves.
Lori stepped in helping Shane up. "No you weren't. You two were trying to go on a whim and try to bribe Hershal. Thanks to Shane, we don't have as big of a problem."
Emma looked to Rick. "I don't think we can hold off any longer," she said sympathetically. "Are you sure you need to be the one to do this?" She asked him.
When he said that Lori was pregnant and that the baby may or may not be his, Emma immediately hugged him. The sad look behind his eyes was upsetting. "I don't know if I should say I'm sorry or congratulations, but I do know that no matter the outcome, you'll be a great father." She released him as he began talking about how he never signed on to be the group leader. "You suit the role," she replied. "Great leaders don't ask for it. They are better leaders when they are chosen and you were chosen. I can see where Shane wants to be a leader and because of that he is reckless and I'm sure other deep seeded issues probably caused that. He is pigheaded. He is cocky and he is jealous. As far as he is concerned, you are still a threat to him. You have become the leader when he thinks it should have been him and for better or worse, at the beginning at least, Lori did choose you over him. You need to watch your back. He wants to be you and he wants to take over Carl and Lori, and that means eventually, you two are going to square up and I don't know how it's going to end." She didn't know where all of that came from, but something about Shane scared her in a way. There was something unpredictable about him.
“Their daddy had to watch as these guys.... they, they didn’t even kill him after words.they just made him watch his daughters...then they just left them there.” It was just a flicker of a smile on the guys lips, and his eyes widened and looked up to the rage of two pissed off Dixons. “No.. but I -“ his voice was cut off into a whimpering moan as Tara rear-backs her booted foot and kicks the guys injured leg.” Daryl now steps to the side as Tara rains down her anger. Hitting the guy four more times and then kicking at his stomach twice. She took a deep breath as she back away and spit on the ground by the guys face. She slowly calmed herself as she then walks to the door throwing it open and storming out Daryl walking out as well and looks to Emma and then down quickly. “I’m sorry.”
Emma shook her head in response to Rick. "Don't worry, I was doubting coming in here too. We came so far though and we had to find somewhere safe for the baby." She was definitely concerned for everyone else, but right now making sure Lori and the baby were safe was top priority. She followed Lori into a cell. She was more along the same lines as Daryl about sleeping in a cage, but right now it was better for her to be close to Lori. Maybe after the baby was born, she would migrate over to where Daryl and Tara were. Emma took the top bunk, so Lori could make herself comfortable. Her and Carol would trade off keeping an eye on Lori. If Emma left to help the others fight, Carol would stay with Lori because Hershel was also training her to help with the baby. Most other times, Emma would stay with her. Emma felt her eyelids dropping slowly. She wanted to stay awake, but it wasn't long before darkness took her and she too fell asleep.
"No thank you," she said. "I don't have anything to do right now, so I'm not going to go anywhere." She didn't trust this woman either. "If you have anything to go do, feel free to go ahead." Her tone was sharp, but she said it as nicely as she could. It was a friendly warning. This time. She wouldn't intentionally cause trouble in the group. Rick entrusted her and had faith in her, but she wasn't going to let anyone push her around either. Not Shane, and certainly not this blonde bitch. She casually laid her arms down, intentionally placing her arm against Tara's in a subtle, but meant to be comforting sort of way. "I'm not going anywhere," she said once again, but mostly for Tara's benefit.
Emma watched somewhat sadly as they locked the kid up in the barn. She truly hoped the outcome would be good and that they could trust him not to tell his group where they were. She looked at Rick and smiled slightly as he asked about Daryl. "He's still asleep and out of it right now," she explained. "He'll be okay though. Lucky for him, Andrea is a terrible shot, so it wasnt fatal. He'll need some time to heal, but he'll live. Tara is with him now. Do you want to come see him?" Without really waiting for an answer she began walking to the house. She knew he would follow. He needed to see for himself that Daryl was okay.
Rick gives her one last smile and nods to her “ thank you.. so much, and know I got yours and the twins as well. Be careful. “ with that Rick turned. And started back to what was left of the camp.
Emma woke up from the first very restful sleep she had, had in ages. She climbed down from the top bunk. Lori was still asleep. She grabbed her duffle bag and grabbed a brush out. She brushed her hair that had grown quite long over the past few months and tied it up. She was going to have to get someone to chop it off for her soon. It was becoming a hindrance. She checked over Lori who was still peacefully asleep and then stepped out of her cell and saw what the twins had accomplished. She yawned.
“If you have something to do you can go do it, I’ll stay with her.“ As soon as the words left her lips Tara’s body and muscles tensed. She may be a part of the group but that didn’t mean she trusted the group, but her body was still shut down. Andrea moves over some so that she could sit on the side of the bed. "Besides, you're new to the group. She might kind of freak if she wakes up with someone she hardly knows," she said it almost like she was more superior now. A winning smile on her lips. “I can take care of her for Daryl.”
Tara’s eyes soften as Emma spoke, taking in everything she says. Her lips pull into a smile as she speaks of her lost husband. And then she nodded. “If ya man was anything like you, he would have been part of my family like you are, I have no doubt in that” She had never accepted anyone as family well.. Daryl and Merle that went without saying, maybe getting through the shit storm would be less hell if she had another family member at her and her brothers side.
“I think Rick was asken for ya. But I told all of them if they stepped one foot in this camp they gone to get an arrow in the ass.” He then grabs the rabbit from the fire blowing on it to cool it down to eat. "You don’t have to hurry. They won’t come up here and bother you."
“We are twins, I have the same blood type, where is she?” He didn’t mean to growl the last words at Maggie and he tried to soften his eyes trying to let her know he didn’t mean the sting of his words. But no one really could understand Daryl but his sister. Rick puts his hand on Emma’s shoulders as Daryl and Maggie disappear behind the doors.
"You're right about that, little miss," the man replied. Emma couldn't help but glare at him slightly, hoping her eyes didn't betray how she felt about being called 'little miss,' if she was going to ask to join them for a little while, she couldn't go betraying her own emotions.
Emma followed them outside. They had to go get Rick. As soon as she got outside though, she saw the same thing. "Fuuuuck." She said. She grabbed her bag from inside the house and wrapped it around herself like a backpack. She would have left it behind, but it had all of her ammo and medical supplies and she had a feeling they would need it. "There's too many of them," she said. "If they get to the house, they're gonna rip it apart." She had her gun in hand, ready for all hell to break loose.
As the shooting began, Emma saw Carol shoot and it just barely missed Rick's foot. She heard her say sorry and then she shrugged. "Remember, Carol. Take your time," Emma reminded her as they continued to shoot. After they had taken out the rest of the walkers, the other members of the group began entering through the gate. Everyone was smiling true smiles for the first time in weeks. Emma grinned as she stepped into the yard, a comforting feeling finally washing over her. It was at least a somewhat safe space for Lori to have the baby and Emma was sure that the inside of the prison would have an infirmary with probably more medicine than they had seen since the farm. Emma did worry though about the inside of the prison. Hopefully most of the inmates were the ones they just took out in the yard. She frowned slightly at the prospect, but did not want to be the negative Nancy in the group, so she smiled with the others.
Emma sighed at the stress of what had happened and the further stress of now having to go confront Hershel once more to beg him to let them stay at least for a little while longer. It would be no easy feat now. It was hard enough last time they begged him.
“Emma... yeah I guess, just want this over with,” he then turns and looks at the others once everyone is there. He gives a long sigh and walks so he could be heard.” Ok, if anyone has anything they like to say, then go ahead, we will talk about the options as we go.” Rick the looks at everyone in the room to wait and see if anyone had anything to say.-
Daryl’s eyes shot over to Emma’s voice as he took off, Rick and the others on his heel. Daryl comes up beside Emma, Rick close behind. Daryl then looks at Tara’s bow holding it close. “Who has my sister Emma?” The way the words are said, there was a promise of some dark and cruel punishment. He looks back at Emma as Rick stepped closer. Putting a careful hand on Daryl's shoulder, he felt when he flinched back doing his best to calm the raging Daryl.
"Help me find some soap," she said. "I need to wash my hands." She led Tara into the cell with Hershel and really did wash her hands. In a quiet voice to make sure the prisoners didn’t hear, she said; "we're going to find the infirmary. I don't have enough shit left in my bag to fix this." She dried off her hands on her pants once the blood was off as much as it could be. She turned to Lori and Carol. "Keep cleaning off his blood. Keep as much pressure on it as you can even when the bleeding has subsided.
Dean had always known he wasn't the same as Sam, that John had separated them in his mind and his affections long ago. But it had cut him ragged to hear it all the same.
Cas takes a third machete, but older Dean pulls out a janky looking blade that seems like something from the stone ages. It appears to be made from something like obsidian and bone.
They spend the next few days talking an awful lot about trees. This seems to be an exciting development for Cas, who appears to have a near encyclopedic knowledge about arboriculture. Eileen, who sticks around for the morning after Charlie’s visit, is also interested in the topic of trees as a matter of religious importance.
"Regular enough." Sam doesn't mention that Dean seems to have less nightmares when someone is with him, doesn't mention that he's pretty sure Cas is responsible for the number of nights they can go now without this happening, or that it's no coincidence that Sam only gets woken up by screaming on the nights when they aren't sleeping together. He's not supposed to know about that anyway.
“What?” Dean stared at his mom, this woman who was maybe the most complex relationship of his life. “Are you serious?”
Dean puts a hand up to one of Cas’, closing his eyes and breathing in deep. He thinks about pressing - he’s pretty sure Cas would give in to him. He’s pretty sure Cas is so soft for Dean, for any version of him, that it wouldn’t take much at all. He’s pretty sure if he opened his mouth and said, “Well, it might be my last couple nights on earth, Cas. You’re not gonna ask me what I wanna do?” that he could get Cas in bed with him.
Dean swallows and nods. They’ve already been through the conversation that Dean is well over forty years old, that he feels stupid for bringing this up, that it doesn’t matter anymore. More than once, Hank has gently persuaded Dean that the trauma of his childhood is like an untreated wound that’s been left to fester - that just because the wound is invisible doesn’t mean it hasn’t become infected or that the scars aren’t still there. Dean tries to believe him.
*Upfront Content Warning: this chapter contains brief reference to historical practices of pedophilia, and reference to past childhood sexual abuse. Nothing graphic. More content warnings in end notes.*
The thought that it's not enough, that even the crazy codependent love he has with Sam can't save him, is unbearable. This is the only way their story ever goes; if Sam can't save him, nothing can.
Cas' head tilts slightly to the side, his annoyance changing to confusion as he glances between them. Sam looks sharply at older Dean, but doesn't say anything.
Sam sighs again. "Look, don't laugh it off, alright? Stuff like running, or yoga, or meditation - all of that helps me calm down. Like when I'm actively about to freak out, but also, doing it regularly helps me just stay grounded. And dietary stuff too - it's part of the whole mind-body thing. You know, your gut literally plays a part in your mood, so it can make a difference what you're eating. At least, it does for me.
Dean rubs at the back of his neck, cheeks burning. "No," he mutters. "No wedding. But… Twelve years is long enough for common law to kick in, isn't it?"
The third door bursts into flames. Dean turns to look at Cas, who is blinking the afterglow out of his eyes with a look of surprise.
"Well," Dean says gruffly. "Take care of yourself, alright? And you can still call us, if you need anything. We're not disappearing on you."
Sam can't help rolling his eyes a little. "Yeah, you are," he says, only half-joking. "Can you, um… Dean's not in his room and he left his cellphone. Can you check the library? I'm gonna go see if the Impala's in the garage. Maybe he went for a drive."
The first two weeks on an antidepressant do nothing for Dean. He agreed to see the psychiatrist for the same reason he'd given in to therapy in the first place. That, and two days before his recent session with Hank, he'd had another nightmare and woken up on the floor.
Sam barely restrains an eye roll. "Come with us. Get out. Quit. I know you won't move to the West Coast, but we can compromise somewhere. I'm not saying we should all get a house together, okay, but there's no reason we can't settle nearby. Keep hunting together on the weekends, maybe try a fucking hobby, I don't know. You're my brother - my family. I don't… I want to get out, and I want you out of it too."
Dean sighs and glances briefly at Cas. "Apparently we only think of pink as a feminine color because it was associated with gay prisoners in the internment camps in World War II, and, y'know, homophobia took it from there. So. I'm giving up my crusade on the color, okay? Just let me be a better person, huh?"
Sam doesn't expect to survive Chuck, but he's so frustrated and angry at the way Dean keeps trying to give himself over to lesser things. Sam is barely holding it together himself most days and the effort of perpetually talking his brother off that edge is tearing up something in him. The same something that breaks when Dean screams his name in his nightmares.
Dean tried. He tried so damn hard. He'd given everything for his family, everything he ever had to offer.
"Nothing. I… I just wish I could have been watching over you sooner. I wish I could have done something to prevent Mary's death. She didn't deserve what happened to her."
“Okay, fine.” Dean’s only human. He can only talk his past self up for so long. “You don’t have to be with young Dean. But you can’t be with me.”
Cas blinks in surprise, which maybe should offend Dean but he's just too worn out to care. Cas turns to him and sees that he's crying, again, and he makes as if to reach out for Dean, but then stops. Like he's not sure if he's supposed to. Like he's not sure he's allowed to.
"You've never asked me what I want," Cas repeated. "You make it sound like I have expectations of you, like I'd ask you to be something you're not. I don't, and I wouldn't. I have never complained about what you feel able to share with me."
“Rhonda, my love, I don’t know what you put in that coffee, but it’s gonna keep you young long after the rest of us are spinning in our graves,” Dean says, giving the waitress one last grin and a wave.
The screaming grows louder as Sam picks his son up, then turns to hiccups as he soothes him. Dean listens to Sam croon part of Hallelujah until the soft sounds of fussing peter out entirely.
"I like her," Dean says when Sam comes back from walking Eileen out, gentleman that he is. "She seems good for you."
Greg broke first, clearing his throat and glancing around the empty locker room. “Had a girl in here a couple of years ago who could have used that,” he’d muttered. And one quick exchange of demon stories later, there they were.
But the effect doesn't work on that Top Forty shit, and maybe that's why Dean has never been able to stand it. His only exposure to music was through static.
Cas turns his head back to look at him, the lines in his forehead wrinkled in confusion. “What about me?”
Cas blinks, looks at Sam quizzically as if his actions are obvious. "I don't normally sleep, but I understand that it's customary not to wear one's outer clothes in bed. When I go under, I will be as unconscious as Dean. So. I didn't want to be rude and wear shoes to his bed."
No one has told him there's anywhere in the bunker he has to stay out of, but he hasn't had much inclination to go looking outside of Sam's initial tour before. He starts with Sam's room now, since it's obvious his brother has become the one in charge of research - not that it's a surprise. Sam was always so goddamn smart. Even when they were kids, it had been obvious to Dean that Sammy was going to be a genius one day. Dean just couldn't keep up, but he was always secretly so proud of his little brother.
“Hm? Oh, no, I didn’t have to.” Cas sighs. “I explained about human burial customs to her. I told her how honored she and her companions are among humans, and that her friend’s body would have been treated with the utmost care. She likes her caretakers, so it wasn’t difficult to explain that they took away the body because they are well-meaning but ignorant of her own customs.”
No one is supposed to know about this shit. No one is supposed to know, because if he'd ever talked about it, if he'd ever told anyone, then at least one other person would know:
There are motorcycles too, neatly lined up in rows. Some of them old enough that Dean doesn't even know the year or make.
And Jack had tilted his head, the way he’d picked up from his father, and said “I could go to a desert.”
"There's nothing wrong with your heart, Dean. I'm afraid you're having a panic attack." Cas' voice is too soft, too steady.
Mary was crying now, still smiling, and her voice was choked. "My little angel. You took care of all my boys, didn't you? Took care of Sammy for me, took care of John. There's so much of me in you, and I'm so glad and so sorry. I wish I was there to take care of you, Dean. I meant to be there, always."
Older Dean snorts. “Had to rebuild her a couple of times, but don’t worry, she’s the same tough broad.”
The conversation veers for a time into Dean’s drinking habits, and it’s a relief to confess how much he still wants a drink sometimes, how he misses it in a physical way, the way he might ache for a person.
life, not mine.” Dean turns back to his older self, and he can’t help the bitterness in his voice. “These people obviously want and need
Sam laughs. "Yeah. It's basically a mini computer in your pocket. You can make calls and send texts." Sam points to two of the nonsensical icons on his screen. "But you can also use the internet, Google, email, all of it."
Now-Dean is shaking, standing as far back from the couch as he can get in the small living room of the cabin.
And okay, yes, he did also just try to kiss Cas like an hour ago, but that didn't count. That was just Dean panicking. Even Cas had recognized that was just panic.
Dean doesn't understand Cas' hasty retreat into the kitchen or Sam's cough until he types the numbers in and realizes that it's his own birthday.
“Dean.” Cas lets go of him, only to take his face in both hands. “Don’t. He’s you - a you who has been through so much and who has had to make impossible choices again and again. Both of you are good men. You are both so worthy of love. You always will be. Your soul is so bright with love. So unbearably bright.”
Sam narrows his eyes in a way that makes Dean suspect he's carefully filing this information away for future use, but he nods.
Drunk Dean is a different kind of desperate. Cas honestly doesn't know if he's doing something wrong in letting Dean ask for what he wants when he's intoxicated enough to let himself want it. Cas has tried to talk to him about it when he's sober, but Dean always shuts him down, shuts him out. So Cas lets Dean ask for whatever he wants in whatever ways he can, and Cas just bears the uneasy guilt of it. He doesn't know how else to handle it. He doesn't want Dean disappearing on him again.
He can't believe he's asking a retired angel about the desires of an elephant, but hey. His life is fucking crazy.
Sam is smiling at him, a little sadly, maybe, but like he's glad to be with Dean too. It's all too fucking weird.
“I’m setting you up with an encrypted drive, because other Dean is a mess and never remembers to have me look at his computer whenever he gets a new one. At least Sam can handle a walk-through on how to set up even the most basic of security measures, but gods forbid Dean even has to look at code.” Charlie’s fingers stop flying across the keys, and then she’s opening up a browser tab and saying “Okay, now a lot has happened in the last fifteen years, buddy boy, so keep up.”
Dean could barely look at his younger self. Young Dean was so lithe and unbroken, his eyes full of vibrant vitality. Not that he hadn't seen some shit by the time he got to that age, Dean has to remind himself, but he hadn't known anything yet. Dad and Sam were still alive, Dean didn't even believe in God or angels, had never been to hell.
They'd driven back to the sign for the road leading to the Gila National Forest entrance, Dean regalling Cas with stories of his old school days truancy.
Of course, Dean blew hot and cold. It wasn't like they had a lot of time to themselves anyway, always kept busy fighting one evil or another. But even so, Dean was warm and affectionate and holding Cas' hand while he drove one moment, and couldn't meet his eyes the next.
Hank keeps telling Dean to focus on what’s in his control, which would be hysterical if Dean could summon up the energy to laugh about it, given how much of his life has literally been written for him. But then, that’s the point, as Hank keeps calmly reminding him. Dean’s had such a warped sense of control for such a long time that part of his problem with guilt is that his sense of responsibility has no boundaries.
“Apollo asks Xerodicus why he has murdered so many people, and Xero says “I have given up my soul to revenge.” Or maybe “for revenge.” It can kind of be translated either way. So Apollo says he obviously can’t have Xero around mass-murdering the Greeks, and he tells him to go take one last shot at a tree or something and Apollo will seal up his consciousness there where his grief can’t do any more destruction. But, and really you’d think Apollo would see this coming, Xerodicus takes one of the arrows dipped in Clesus’ blood, and stabs it into his own chest. So Apollo makes Xero immortal, because he promised, but he has Athena, who is the goddess of pottery, find someone who can make them a container strong enough to hold Xero, and he seals the marksman up in that.
There's probably a joke in there about popping cherries, and Dean is just putting his mind to the task of pulling it together, when Cas steps right into Dean's personal space and Dean's breathing seems to go completely erratic without his control.
When he looks up, Jack is staring at him, just holding a spoonful of fruit loops suspended halfway to his mouth, his forehead creased between the eyebrows in a way that reminds Dean of Cas.
And Dean? Sam looks at his brother's averted face and wishes he knew what to say, what to do for him. Dean is a functional alcoholic, and it's not good, it's not healthy, but Sam can live with that. What he's not sure Dean can live with is the guilt he's always holding onto just beneath the surface. It's been tearing him apart for years, maybe for as long as they've been on the road. All the deaths, all the losses, all the people they couldn't save. Dean has their father's voice in his head, even after all this time, John Winchester telling him to look out for his little brother, to look out for the world.
So young Dean, foolish and desperate, always so desperate, tells her the truth, says "I know you're not going to believe me, but monsters are real."
Sam is halfway out of his chair as Cas' knees give way and he crumples into his trenchcoat. Younger Dean catches him, but Cas is quite a bit sturdier than Dean was at twenty-six, and he nearly topples over under the weight.
Dean feels suddenly self-conscious, like maybe he's stepped in something they don't talk about, something older Dean wouldn't want his Sam to know. But Dean can't see the harm in this memory, and anyway, it's his life too. He's a real person too.
"Listen, Dean, I just about raised you boys myself and maybe I should have done more, I don't know. Maybe I should have made your daddy leave you with me for good the first time you stayed over. I saw what the life was doing to you. First time your dad left you with me you couldn't have been more than eight, but you were already taking care of your little brother like you were the father. I remember, I tried to get you to go play with a couple of neighborhood kids, but you were too anxious looking after Sammi. You wouldn't even trust me to put him to bed right." Bobby chuckles. "Sam was such a bright little kid, always wanted to be told a story, had the sweetest smile you've ever seen. But you, though… the minute I met you, Dean, I could see you were already thinking like a hunter. No kid should have to know the things you did. And no kid should have to carry what your old man put on your shoulders. You were holding that family of yours together at eight years old, and god help me, I knew how wrong that was. I knew, and I didn't stop it."
"Sam." Dean gets off the hood, abandoning his half-drunk coffee there. He doesn't know what he's doing, if he's going somewhere, if he's running, but he can't just sit there and listen to this. "Don't."
Dean doesn't let go of his wrist. He tugs a little, and Cas lets himself get pulled right up to the bed, but then he stops, because…
Cas shrugs again, running a finger absently down the open pages in his lap. "When it's quiet. We're often fairly occupied with cases, so I do stakeouts or attend to other things so Sam and Dean can rest. Or I watch over them, when they let me."
Dean nods, quiet for a moment as he digests this. When he was alive, he was angrier. Angry enough to think that maybe there were souls that deserved endless torment. But he still remembers Hell. Not just what he did there - and if any soul is stained, surely his is one of them - but who he did it to. Some of them were so young. He remembers that. Surely, they had died too young to have proven themselves so unworthy of Heaven.
Dean is, momentarily, every self he’s ever been, and a few he’s not sure he has yet. He’s scattered and non-linear. He’s himself, just not cohesive. Not in order.
After a little while the shower stops, and Jack's presence fades. Dean opens his eyes again and looks at the now sparkling meadow. Now that he's felt it, he understands. Jack
Sam turns to younger Dean. "Dean, this is Jack. Jack's a nephilim - the child of a human and an angel. He's family."
Dean has made out with a couple of guys, but that's as far as he's ever gone exploring outside of a job. The couple of times he'd taken money to go further… he'd never exactly
It's not like Sam is an optimist. Not really. He's seen and done too much to fully believe that there is a happy ending in store for him, but he still wants to keep going to find out. He wants to know how the story ends, so to speak. Dean… well, lately it seems like Dean just wants it to end.
"After Sammy woke up, I couldn't get him to stop crying. I thought maybe he was hungry, I sure was, so dad went out to the store to pick up baby formula." Dean had forgotten about this part but he remembers now. He laughs bitterly and rubs the back of his neck. "He, uh, he came back with baby formula and two six packs. It took him two days to think about food."
Now-Dean is just trying to take it all in. The way the kids look at this version of him, hanging on his words. The food, the clothes, the prenatal vitamins, this ragtag bunch of kids…
The feeling is temporary though. Cas makes a low, grunting sort of sound and puts a hand up to his forehead.
Cas, Jack, Eileen, and Dean wind up in the kitchen where it feels cozy and familiar. They drink Eileen’s beer and Dean tells Jack that he cannot make them eat scrambled eggs for dinner again.
He’s forty-one and he’s fine. Nothing’s happening to him. He’s a grown ass man. He’s been to Hell. He’s saved the world. He’s a lifetime removed from it, he’s fine.
"Hey, tell me something, did Blink-182 ever get back together?" Dean asks. He wants to establish the conversation far away from where they left it in the library, and Sam seems perfectly willing to oblige.
If he's being honest, he never really noticed the gender or sex of his vessels. He'd barely been aware of their reproductive organs or chromosomes or hormones. It hadn't made the least bit of difference. All that mattered was the bloodline and compatibility.
It takes a second for the icy feeling to start dripping down Dean's spine, but then it's running its full course in record time, spilling down into his stomach too.
"After that, it was in everything. Do you know what passage of the Bible I thought of more than any other in the time before I rebelled, before I fell?"
“What I said about… if you wanted to, with younger me. It’d be okay. I mean, he’s me, you know. So…”
“That was Sam,” he says. “I gave him an Enochian symbol to try and call me back if I hadn’t returned in two hours.”
Hank glances at the discarded clipboard. "I wondered," he admits. "Your friend was quite… thorough. He must know you very well."
"Cas, he made a deal. For me. When I was dying. The Empty would take him instead. But… it would only come for him later, when he experienced a moment of true happiness. So that he would experience true loss in the moment he had the most to lose. But…" Jack looks from Dean to Sam and back.
. Dean had paid twenty-five cents for it at a thrift store the last time he'd gone to pick up clothes for Sammy - the kid was growing like a frikkin' weed - because the girl Dean had flirted with in the last town told him that he'd like it.
The receptionist smiles brightly and slides over a clipboard. "Sure thing, Mr. Boon. It looks like you faxed over all of your insurance information last night, so I'll just need a co-pay of fifteen dollars from you and for you to fill out these intake forms for new clients."
John comes back from talking to the firemen, already a different man. He swoops up Dean and Sam in one move, pulling both boys into his arms and sitting down on the hood of the Impala. He crushes Dean to him, one hand on Dean's wrist, taking some of the weight of Sam. John's shaking. He holds his sons while he and Dean watch their house, their life, burn.
Cas does not, predictably, have much more insight to the last fifteen years of cinema than Dean does, so Dean peruses through their DVDs and their subscription to the wholly magical Netflix. He settles on
Dean's never told Sam, but he's not sure he'd be alive if he hadn't had his pain in the ass little brother to look out for. Mom was dad's reason for living, or revenge for her anyway, and Sam was Dean's.
“Sprained wing,” Cas mumbled sleepily, his hands fisting into Dean’s shirt, still clearly mostly asleep. “Aggressive with the other birds.”
“Okay,” Dean says, turning his head up to the big blue sky above them. It’s hot as hell, even in this memory-scape. “I get it, okay? What do you want me to say? I didn’t deserve to get beat up? Fine, I get it. Next issue, please.”
wanted to know. Or maybe, he’d already known and just hadn’t wanted to know that he knew. Something convoluted like that.
Anyone else in the entire universe, hell, the multiverse probably, wouldn't have put up with Dean's bullshit for this long. He knows that. He knows that he's completely unreasonable.
Dean is not going back in there. He's not bringing Cas back in there, Jesus. He knew one of these doors was probably going to pick up on this theme, this particular noxious strain in his past, but starting off there, in that dark bedroom…
Sam's face twists and he makes a sputtering sort of noise before literally throwing his hands in the air. "Oh my god," he mutters to the ceiling before he levels his glare back on Dean. "
“Then you’ll stay here,” Sam says, shrugging. “I mean. If you want to. I know this is all weird. But, well, kinda dangerous being a Winchester out there these days.”
Dean scowls at his brother's amusement. "Hey. Don't make fun of my medical dramas, you know there's never anything good on when we're on the road."
Cas looks slightly apprehensive, but he waves his hand and the door to Dean’s bedroom closes. Dean rolls up onto one elbow so that he can look down at his best friend, this idiot that he’s decided to let ruin him. This person who has already put him back together once before. Dean kisses him again, and it’s so much. Too much. Dean absolutely aches with the feeling of it. He’s so raw and wrung out and cracked. But it’s Cas, who already knows everything now. Who loves him anyway, across time.
"We should probably head back soon," Cas says, and Dean thinks he sounds almost regretful. "Sam worries."
Dean takes the stairs up to the second floor and follows a sign to the Center for Mind and Body's office suite. He steps inside, noticing with annoyance that his palms are sweaty.
"Most forests will have some type of this communication set up, provided deforestation has not damaged the networks too badly." Cas sighs, all the weight of millenia on his breath. "It's part of the reason why all of this is so detrimental, and why you cannot simply plant new trees to pave over the damage done to old ones. I mean, Dean, trees are such complex beings, you have no idea, none of you do. The networks here are ancient, strong. The groves have deep alliances with each other that they've kept for centuries, some longer than that. They share resources and send distress signals. The mountain ash, the common hazel, and the cornelian cherry all operate on the same network here to the east, and the firs and the pine operate on another. They are collaborative."
This isn't real. It's never going to be real. And maybe Dean should at least hope that there's a Dean out there in the multiverse for whom it might be true, but he can't. The idea that there is any version of himself that gets to have this, that could ever deserve this, is too far for him.
He nearly misses it too. There, in among a collage of pictures is a little statue with a bow in one hand and a missing nose. There's a caption underneath that reads
And isn't that what he's been doing his whole life? Creating meaning out of what he'd been given? Dean learned young how to create a home out of a car, a necklace, a ring, a leather jacket. He learned how to find love in the spaces between John's words - and sometimes his fists - in dad teaching him how to shoot, to drive, to survive. Dean taught himself how to stay alive for Sammy, to find happiness in making his brother laugh, to carry on for him.
“I just mean, you don’t tell people because that’s not yours to tell, okay? And because you wouldn’t have said ‘she’s a straight girl’ in your list of fun facts, so Charlie being gay shouldn’t be any more of a note of interest. Got it?”
Dean never had time for things like astronomy. He regrets that now and he wonders if Heaven might let him find a very, very beginner's book on astrophysics and maybe a telescope.
It's Cas leaving him behind in Purgatory, Dean left on his own to fight against endless monsters, not knowing why Cas has disappeared, if he's just left him there or if he's dead. Now-Dean can see how desperate everything about Purgatory-Dean is, how positively feral he becomes looking for Cas. It's…
Dean supposes this is supposed to be him in fifteen-some years, and it's a trippy resemblance, but Christ, this older Dean looks like he's been through two decades of war and a couple of stints in rehab. He's been as broken as Sam, washed out, the lines etched deep around his eyes. His hair is roughly the same, at least, but his beard is scruffy and Dean is pretty sure there's some gray in it.
Dean can feel the lump forming in his throat, the tears threatening to prickle at his eyes, but he can't attach those symptoms to any actual emotion. The emptiness sloshes around inside of him like the sea and Dean can't stand it. He shoves the photo back into the Bible and bolts, giving up on whatever secrets he'd hoped to find.
"It's complicated, Dean. Sentient as in experiencing emotions? Sentient as in able to comprehend God?" Cas shrugs. "I can't answer that. I only know that they are conscious and complex. Human science has tried for so long to study trees as individuals, or on human time, but that simply isn't how they operate. We're talking about individual trees that work together as a wholly different kind of organism, that form symbiotic relationships with the natural world around them to the extent that they play a part in other organisms' evolutionary tracts. We're talking about hundreds or thousands of years, living on a scale outside of what scientists have been able to study. So, sentient? Perhaps not. Perhaps it's all chemicals. But then, so are you."
They see the lions next, and Dean had been enjoying this whole thing, but it's the lions that get him. It's just… it's a similar sort of feeling he had back on the mountain in Turkey, this reverence for the glory of the natural world. There is a majesty to these creatures that taps into something primal in Dean, that evolutionary strain in his DNA that knows both the awe and fear of the Sahara, of these predators so recently turned prey. Back in his own time, Dean hadn't believed in God, not really, but he'd believed in this.
“Shut your hole, we got shit to do.” Yet she just laughs as they leave the small camp so they could talk about what should be done once everyone was awake.
Emma was almost taken aback. Then again, they were in the south, so she could see where Tara would worry about her judgement. She smiled warmly. "There's no problem. There never would have been anyway. Love is love. I would never judge someone over who they're attracted too."
"I do appreciate it Rick, but he is right. I don't want to be a burden on your group. If you do let me in, I promise to do whatever I can to help out. I've got a ton of guns and bullets, plus food and a few clothes. Not much in that department, but I'd be happy to help out where I can. Give me the word, and I can help or I can go."
"Its fine," Emma said with a nod. "I'll keep an eye on things." With that she got up and went after Daryl. She wasn't sure about wanting to be in the middle of Daryl and Tara with the kid, but she had a feeling that anything Lori was about to tell Rick, she didn't want to be involved with. "We'll let ya know when we're...done."
Rick turned to look at Emma as she walked over before he could even ask she had reassured him on Daryl. He then smiles at her and puts his hands on his hips with a soft sigh. “no... we ran into trouble.” Rick then looks over as T-dog opens the door and then pulls out a skinny kid.. he was tall with brown hair and was shaking violently. His head was covered and ear phones covered his ears. Rick looked back over to Emma and took a hold of her shoulder light and led her farther away from the people around the SUV. “He knew Maggie, and he knew where the farm was. I couldn’t let him get back to his people. I...-” he lets out a long sigh and drops his hands to the side. “I don’t know what to do...”
Daryl jerks at the soft touch of Emma and then looked over to the woods when she said his sister had taken off.
"I'm coming too," he said. Emma wanted to tell him to stay here where he would be safe with the others, but once Hershel had his mind set on something, there was no talking him out of it. Trying too would be like talking to the wall, so instead she just stayed quiet and began preparing herself. Before they left though, Lori came out.
At sundown, most of the camp was already in the house to come and vote, the Greens living room was very big, and Rick knew it would hold everyone. After sending his son and Sophia up the stairs to play, the soft chatter of the group calmed him down a little, but he wouldn’t fully relax until Daryl was here... Emma and Tara too of course. His eyes turned to Shane then back over to where Glenn and Hershel were and stood beside them.
Rick nodded to Emma as she revealed everything she knew about the others until he heated the Familiar sound of the bike.. and he looked over Daryl only rode in from of the other two vehicles, and then they pulled to a stop, Tara then went over and gave him a hug around the neck, since he was still on the bike. No words were spoken, they didn’t need them, and Daryl hug her back just as tight. Tara then pulled back as Rick comes up beside her and clasped hands with Daryl, putting a hand on his shoulder .” How did you find everyone? “ Daryl gives a smirk as his eyes cut over to glen.” Taillights was all over the road...figures they was Asia dive like that.” The group was all laughing light at Daryl cracking a joke, and then even a little more at glens.” Ha ha very funny.” But glen takes it with a warm smile as his hand grabs onto Maggie’s.” They all went through who was missing or dead and then started on about what they should do now. “ we need to stay off the main roads, avoid Assholes like this.” Daryl says as he shoots the walker that was coming closer to the group. Tara looks around watching the others going back to getting in their cars. She then waits to see where Emma was going knowing she and her brother would be leading. She wasn't sure if Emma was riding with them or one of the others. But they did need to leave.
Almost on que to answer her question about who the other was, Lori ran out of the house. She must have run in whenever she saw the walkers. "Carl's gone," she said. Emma pointed off into the distance. With that, Hershel's son ran off and got into the camper and booked it to the barn.
"I'll stay for now. At least till Daryl gets back. I know he's worried about you. I don't wanna wind up on his shit list if I leave you alone right now."
Emma gave a slight laugh.  "Am I okay? Yeah. Those little girls he talked about aren't though thanks to him and his group." She ran her fingers through her Auburn hair, almost ready to pull it all out. "They're monsters, Rick, but what are we if we do this thing? Who are we, if we decide to end someone's life that's not ours to take. I've never been so conflicted, but at the same time, we'll be getting rid of one less evil in the world." She stopped in her tracks. "This new world sucks, but at the same time now, it's all about survival." She touched Rick's arm. "Of course, you haven't," she said. "At least I hope you never had the occasion to do so." She sighed. "Maybe we should put to a vote with the group. It shouldn't be based off of you and I alone or Daryl or Tara. There's other people here who have a voice. Let him go or let him die. It can't be that easy to end someone's life, right? Easy peasy." She sighed. "Anyway, you shouldn't have to handle this on your own. After Lori spoke to you, I imagine you have other shit to deal with. What's going on? If you don't mind my asking. If you do, you can say it's none of my business and you wont hurt my feelings none."
As Tara said good luck, Emma whispered, "for the love of God, don't leave me alone with them too long." Luckily Rick had really startled them all into silence, so hopefully there wouldn't be a bloodbath.
Emma nodded then quickly rushed out of the house and made her way to the vehicle that Rick, Glenn, and Hershel exited from. The night time cooled the world down somewhat and Emma wrapped her arms around herself. She should have brought her flannel out with her. A mosquito landed on her arm as she approached the vehicle. She smacked it off. It was amazing how the damn things still existed, even at the end of the world. She locked eyes with Rick. "He's okay," she said, knowing he would want to know immediately. "What about you guys? You were gone for a while. Is everything okay?"
Emma felt like she was in a wonderland in here with how the past few months had gone. They had everything except for prenatal vitamins, which she was a little sad about. It made sense though since it was a men’s prison. Lori was too close to giving birth anyway for it to really matter. She did however find some iron pills, which she also grabbed. Not only would Hershel need these for a bit because of all the blood loss, they would also come in handy for Lori's anemia. She found many different type of other medicines as well, between antibiotics, pain killers, food poisoning medication, hell there was even anti diarrhea medicine. Emma took it all. It didn’t take long to find fresh bandages and gauze that was still sealed, 'needle and thread' for stitches, and even some numbing medicine for open wounds. She continued browsing through the medicines, grabbing everything in sight until finally the bag was too full to stuff anymore. As she was browsing she heard Tara's question. She remained silent for a moment before answering.
Shane walked in front of Rick looking for Randall. Or at least Rick was looking for Randall. Shane was looking for a good spot to finally give Rick what he deserved, so that Shane could finally get what he deserved. Shane knew that Lori would never truly be with him. Not while Rick was in the picture. They weren't together anymore, but Rick wasn't going to give him a choice. Rick would not let him have anything to do with this baby that was more than likely his. Plus on top of that, Shane missed being in charge of the group. They were better off before Rick came around and started taking charge of everything.
"She'll be fine," Emma said. "She just needs a bit of rest and I'm sure she'll be back to her old self in no time." Emma was an outsider, but Tara and Daryl both were pretty easy to read. Maybe not to the others, but she got the feeling they grew up pretty similarly. For a long time she was a lot like them. Pretty standoffish and didn't immerse herself into groups very often when she could avoid it. Hell, until today she didn't know she had it in her to even slightly be in charge and lead a group, but today she had done just that. If she hadn't done a good job with it, she knew Rick never would have stayed at the house when she went to the others. For some strange reason they all seemed to trust her. Except for Shane really and maybe Lori. She wasn't quite sure how she felt about this Andrea chick, other than how she had spoken about Tara. She rearranged herself on the bed next to Tara, scooting her back against the headboard. She kept her machete on the bedside table so she could grab it quickly if shit hit the fan.
"Okay," Lori replied. Carol nodded in turn. Emma turned the corner, glad to see that Rick, Daryl, T and the prisoners had taken off. Glenn remained behind.
“Are you ok with this? I’m sorry I didn’t ask beforehand and if you're not comfortable with it I can send T. I would go but I have to take care of something.” In his reference to Lori.
“I know, you are good people Emma.” She laid her head back on the chair and closed her eyes. And not only a few seconds later her body just went back into sleep mode. The warmth of the fire and knowing if she dropped off to sleep she wouldn’t have to worry about anything happening with Emma and Daryl around. The group could hardly be heard from the Dixon camp far away from the group but still close enough to keep an eye on.
Daryl gave Emma a small twitch of his lips. A small smile as he then huffed. Another damn Mother hen if he ever saw one. And he lived with the biggest one ever to live. He took a few long drinks before he looked over at Rick then back to Emma.
Emma watched as most of the other members of the group arrived. There were still a few people missing, but she was glad that almost everyone was back together. She hoped the missing ones were okay. She smiled when Daryl rode up and Tara went to hug her brother. The twins reunited at last.
Emma laughed lightly at the twins remarks to each other and shook her head slightly. "You two are so nice to each other!" She sat down on the porch steps for a moment, waiting on the rest of the group to show up before going inside. She let out a slow breath and then stood up, the porch creaking beneath her black boots. It was mere moments before she found herself in the large living room of the Green's house. She leaned up against the wall and put her bag on the ground and crossed her arms. She saw Rick talking to Glen and Hershel and walked over to him, too nervous to really stand around in one spot, but not wanting to look like a spaz and pacing the room. "You good, Rick?" She asked.
"This is Hershel," Emma said, introducing him. She looked at Tara in the eyes softly, trying to tell her silently that this man was a good guy. "He's the one who bandaged you up. Another man found you. His name is Otis. He brought you back here after you went under."
"It might not be," Emma replied. "I mean, it's unlikely she would have made it out this far, but what if she was a visitor for one of these guys when they were alive." She shook her head thinking of Lori and the baby. There was not much time left at all. No...this place had to work. "We gotta keep going. We've come too far now." She pushed ahead with determination, almost surprised the others were actually following her. She was scared shitless about what could be on the other side, but as she said, this had to work. If not, it could be weeks before they found something this promising again. They entered through the outside door and came into a dark room as quietly as they could. Each walked around on high alert, waiting for something to come out at them.
Rick heard the shit as well and curses and takes off after Emma... what the hell was going on, he looks up at Andrea and then down to where he could see only three people standing, “What the hell?" he then takes off to the field where he saw Glen and T-dog.
Emma nods. "I'll keep an eye on him," she replied in a small voice as everything became hectic once again. It seemed like such a long walk, but Emma knew they couldn't have gone very far.
Tara stayed where she was, she had a good view of the door and windows and both her brother and Emma were always within her sight. She had so much going through her mind, she watched Emma pace the floor. Rick and Glenn had been gone a long time but  this was the end of the world, maybe they got caught up, she then lets out a sigh, and looks back at Emma. “Hey, if you want to get a little sleep I’ll watch out for ya, wake you when Rick gets here? '' she asked softly. She knew Emma wouldn’t go for it but she wanted to offer something to help- and that’s when she heard the A vehicle coming closer to the farm house. Her head shoots up and she then stands looking out the window. Watching the SUV parking and then she saw Rick step out. “Emma, Ricks back.”
“we had a little chat.” and with that he turns and starts walking back to their small camp away from everyone, Tara got on his hills. Rick sigh and looked down thinking everything over,” alright then, I’ll take care of it. “ he looks to the rest of the group and turns to walk after Emma. He started to jog to catch up to her. Slowing down, when he came closer.” Hey, Emma... you ok? I know this is a lot, and intense. Are you going to be ok with this? I mean I have never really... ya know..”
Rick gave a soft sigh. How in the hell was he going to talk him into it. He looks at Emma and puts a hand on her shoulder. “Hershel, please this -“and that’s when everything went to shit. There were kids crying and screaming, And then all noise was cancelled out by the sound of a range of gunfire. Rick's eyes widen and he takes off to the door and hurries out. Their group in a line keeping the walkers from the Greens home and the camp. Shane in front, and the rest in back. Tara held the shotgun piping off shots. She didn’t have a fucking choice, she was going to mess Shane's shit up when this was over. Not only the disrespect to the Greens but the kids are now huddled with their mothers crying. Oh.. she was going to hit something, and Shane had a very punchable face.
As Maggie continued working on the wound, Emma got another rag and began cleaning off his face. Something else had happened to him too out there. Aside from the gunshot wound there was some blood on his head and he was scraped up.
"It's okay," she replied, standing up. "I'll talk to Rick. I have a feeling I know what it's about anyway." She looked at Tara. "She's been asleep probably about an hour or so now. I'll be back soon." She left her bag on the ground by the chair, only taking her machete with her and made her way to the house.
Then with the cluster fuck at the CDC, they lost a few more people. She really never stayed in camp long enough to get anyone’s name or even cared too. Her and Daryl were not group people. And both had shielded themselves away from the others. They still hunted and did what needed to be done (obviously since the city folks didn’t know how to get a meal without going to the supermarket).
"More humane?" Dale bursted out. "It would be more humane to give the kid a damn chance. You are accusing him of committing a crime he may never commit." He shook his head. "I can't believe you people. Are you gonna watch too? No, you're just going to hide with your head in the sand. Cowering in your tents, trying to pretend that we're not murdering a human being." Tears were brimming in the old man's eyes. Emma felt sorry for him. Fighting this battle on his own with no support from anyone. Not even Andrea, who he cared for as if she were his own daughter. Lori then spoke. "I don't like the idea of killing him, but I wouldn't feel safe with him walking around with us." She touched her stomach protectively. "Not around this baby and certainly not around Carl or Sophia." Dale shook his head again. "Do what you will, but I will have no part of it." With that, he began walking towards the front door, stopping briefly by Tara and Daryl and muttering, "this group is broken." If the situation weren't so serious, Emma would have laughed since Daryl had expressed the same sentiment earlier.
“Let’s head out so we can get this done quickly. Emma?” He looks over at her and nods.  “ mind keeping an eye on things? And if Shane steps out of line. You can you force. But try to keep Tara from killing him.” He starts walking to the door and stops right before he leaves,” or you know make sure no one finds the body.” He huffed out as him and Glenn took off to find Hershel. Tara comes through the door 15 minutes later a slight cleaner tank top (not much cleaner than before). a few people had tried to keep her from the room to give them more space to work on Daryl. But she just give them a chilling glare and told them to move in her best brother voice. No one tried to stop her then. She then walked into the room, her eyes slowly shifted to a sad look. Her brothers body covered in old wounds and scars. It almost mirrored her own. She goes over and sits in a chair close by. She looked to Emma her hand coming up as she bit at the skin of her thumb. “ he going to fine right?”
"Your sister ran off to find the girl. Go help her. I'll stay with him," she said, nodding at the wounded man. She took the man's arm, inspecting it. "This is probably going to hurt. Sit down." She was all in serious mode now at this point. She opened the front pouch of her bag and pulled out her first aid kit that she had put together before leaving her home in the woods.
Emma nodded at Daryl and smiled knowingly why he was really going there. They may have not told each other that they liked one another, but it was obvious and she knew Daryl would be worried and want to check on him. "Have fun," she said before walking off to leave him wondering and to go to Rick.
She nodded to Rick. "I'll keep an eye on things. No problem." She couldn't tell sometimes if Rick just trusted her or if he was testing her with her being new to the group, but she had a feeling that he could use some sort of break from time to time. She could tell he was the one left making the hard decisions most of the time. She laughed when he said to make sure Tara didn't kill Shane. She knew right now Andrea would be the one to worry about the most right now, despite the trouble that Shane had caused. "Shame the barns cleared out. That would have been a great place to leave the body."
Tara and Daryl helped clean up the bodies of the dead, getting them out of the cells and dumping them over the rail so T and Rick could drag them out. They weren't too worried about it today. They earned their rest for the day. Once it was done and T was getting the last of the bodies out, the rest of the group showed up. Daryl started to look at the cells and frowned heavily. He sat his crossbow out and went into one cell then the other grabbing two mattresses out and setting them so they fit nicely in the perch. It was a good place to be, you could see all the cells and the door that brought you inside the cell block. But he grumbled all the while bringing everything into his now claimed spot. “ain’t sleeping in no cage. We’ll take the perch.” And as soon as he had said it, Tara dropped onto the mattress closest to the wall that Daryl had brought over, taking her poncho and covering up and rolling over. She was out within seconds. Daryl gave a small smile as he watched his sibling get some much needed rest. Rick stands by the main door as the rest come in. His smile was a proud one. They now had a safe place to sleep and rest, to have the baby somewhere safe. When Lori had come over and spoke to him he gave her a warm smile and patted her hand on his arm. He had slowly started to come around. He knew it would never work but she was still Carl’s mother, all that other stuff he was still bitter about but he would not let it worry him so much anymore. “You’re welcome Lori, we can be safe here, Carl and the baby will be safe here. Go and get some rest.” He gave her one last smile and moved over to Emma. “ hey, Emma.. I just wanted to thank you for what you did earlier, I was doubting myself coming in here, you pushed through that, so think you.” He put a hand on her shoulder trying to convey his thanks to her.
“Come on big brother,  I know you need rest but we got shit to do.” Daryl blinks his eyes open and looks at his twin, it took a few seconds to realize what was going on, and slides from Rick with ease that Rick didn’t even wake up, his cheeks blushing a soft red but Tara just smiled, and then knocked her shoulder on his arm.
When the others had gone, Lori went up to Rick. "Can we talk somewhere private?" She asked him, looking down at the ground awkwardly, kicking her boots against the dirt.
"Shit," she said, pulling out the machete, but it was already on her. It knocked her to the ground, her weapon just barely out of reach. She held the monster up with one hand to keep it from biting her and reached with the other, feeling around for anything that could be used as a weapon. Finally her fingers clasped themselves around a small rock. She hit it in the head, but the damn thing wouldn't 'die.'
"Sorry about earlier," he said. Emma could tell by his tone he didn't really mean it. "Just can't be too careful when it comes to newcomers."
Emma shot her a glance, as she felt Tara tense up beside her. She may be knocked out, but she knew Tara could hear or at least had some sort of sense as to what was going on. Emma smiled back.
"Hey," she said. "Look at me. Your baby is fine. You're just exhausted and that means the baby is too. You need to get some more rest." Lori shook her head and began ranting about what if the baby was dead inside of her. It would just rip right though her. "I need you two to promise me, if the baby and me die, that you'll kill me. Rick wont be able to do it...at least not to the baby. I'd completely get it if he were fine with taking me out, but I don’t think he could do the baby." Emma sighed.
"They're not monsters," he said, his voice slightly sounding like he had taken offense. "They're living beings and they're sick. They're the people we know and love and it's our job to help them."
Once they made it to the barn with him, Shane took out a blindfold and wrapped it around the boys eyes. "It'll all be over soon," he said gently in a calming tone, almost like even he felt bad for what was about to happen.
It was very nice out Daryl was close to dozing off listening to the fire and the crickets that were close by. He then closed his eyes, and let the darkness of sleep take him and rest his healing body.
In the end, Cas comes with him to the rescheduled appointment. It was that or be chaperoned by Sam, and it’s embarrassing enough to have your little brother pick out your therapist for you, Dean doesn’t need Sam hovering there like a guard dog. Instead, he checks in again at the front desk, and this time he hands the intake form to Cas without looking at it. Dean flips open a magazine and tries to read it while Cas busily writes what seems to be a short novel on the form. Dean doesn’t look at what he’s written, just stares blankly at a centerfold ad for some sort of watch he’d never buy.
It makes Cas ache, how far away Dean feels. Even in the middle of everything, the curse, Chuck, the end of the world, it is difficult to accept that Dean still cannot seem to differentiate between the pain of things he does not believe he is allowed to have, and the pain of things which he should not have to suffer.
Older Dean runs his hand along the bar as he comes around to the front. "Sure, she's coming along just fine. Just need to get our license up, set up the last tables, and we'll be good to go."
It plays in the car now and Dean drums his fingers restlessly on the steering wheel. Now that he's tired out he just wants to be back in his bed with a drink and maybe watch something stupid on his phone. He
Dean had kept their eyes locked, biting his own lip to keep himself from saying the traitorous thing that his whole body wanted to pour over Cas, wanted to break over, wanted to confess.
They park about three miles down the road from the abandoned farmhouse that Sam's contact tipped him off about. The plan isn't much of a
Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, implied past sexual abuse (non-explicit), referenced past sex work (non-explicit, implied underage), reference to canon-typical violence
Charlie turns up at the same time as Eileen, and older Dean shoots Sam an extremely dirty look for not telling him that they were having the additional company. “I would have made more food,” older Dean complains to Sam over Charlie’s shoulder as she gives him a hug. “You gotta give me the guest list ahead of time.”
