"I'm sorry honey, but these things happen sometimes. I'm sure you'll find other friends at the camp-" Steve shook his head and looked down at the floor.
Though sometimes… well, very often actually, Tony would stay with him. He’d join him in the gym, either to work out himself or just to keep Steve company or sit down next to Steve on their bed, cuddle up to him and stay there for as long as Steve wanted him to. Which, nine times out of ten, ended with both of them falling asleep in each other’s arms. Sometimes, if they were watching a movie, they’d fall asleep before it was over.
going to beg for forgiveness for shit I didn’t do-“ He cut himself off and Steve stopped in the doorway, just out of sight so he could verify who the caller was. Although he had a very strong feeling he already knew who it was.
“Steve…” Tony’s mouth was suddenly dry as a dessert and he could barely move or talk, only stare up at his boyfriend.
They eventually made it to the bedroom and Steve unceremoniously dumped him on the bed. Tony flailed his arms and legs as he bounced up and down on mattress, then glared up at Steve who was smiling innocently down at him.
Jane gently took him by the arm and led him away from the crowd and towards the classroom of his next class, but the damage had already been done. Thor knew that he’d had a hard time understanding the students around him, but now he knew it would be impossible to get on their level, as he was now being dubbed Viking freak by his peers.
“He’s wonderful! Where did you find him?” Tony’s smile softened and kneeled down beside him on the floor, patting the dog on the head.
And it wasn’t that he didn’t know other kids in school. He kinda knew Sam and Thor from football and he kinda talked with a few kids from art class. But Bucky was the only real friend he had, and now that he was sick that meant he was alone to deal with Schmidt and his gang of bullies and assholes. Not that he had ever been one to back down from a fight if he needed to fight back or felt compelled to help someone else out, but he’d rather get through this last day of school without getting in trouble with the principal. Or worse, his mother. Again.
“To be on Candid Camera.” Tony said mockingly at the screen, only to be shushed harshly again and this time Bruce smacked him hard on the arm. He recoiled from both the surprising strength from the small, lanky guy and surprise from the sudden hit, rubbing his arm.
Steve frowned, put his hands on his hips and tilted his head slightly to the side. “But that could take
He sighed and looked up at his mother, trying his hardest to look like a kicked puppy. "Mom, please, I really don't want to go without Bucky." She laughed softly at him and kissed him on the forehead.
“Hey! He’s right you know, Barton. We have no idea what’s out there, or what this,” He gestured at the podium and where the screen had been. ”thing actually wants from us. Like Natasha said, for all we know he could be keeping us hostage or make us fight in an actual war or something! You should at least the consider the risk.” Tony snorted and placed his hands in his pockets.
“Stark, for Christ’s sake will you knock it off with the jokes for one second?“ Tony took a step back, making a show up putting his hands up and looking mock scared.
“Thank you, Jan. I might have hire you to be my makeup-girl in the future, this is really good.” Janet laughed and lightly smacked her shoulder before letting go of her.
He wanted her? Did he, Steven Grant Rogers, want to date her, Antonia Elizabeth Stark? He had to, right? Why else would he agonize about
Nothing too big had happened so far on either end of their plans, but Tony was sure their big breaks would come soon. And besides, they were still young, not even twenty-five years old yet and had their whole lives ahead of them. They were in no hurry and were not hurting for money at the moment. They had a roof over their heads, food in their bellies and everything they needed until they got there. Not to mention they had each other and were engaged and that was much more than Tony ever could have hoped for when things were at their worst back when they were still in high school. Steve had helped him through some serious shit back then, either by just being a shoulder to lean on, to hold him and comfort him whenever he had drunk too much or had anxiety attacks or to offer him a place of refuge whenever Howard had been especially terrible or even violent with him.
He was visiting his grandparents in Positano, Italy, since they refused to ever visit him and his parents in America. And having just been released out of MIT for the summer, his
And that was what really drew Steve in. Sure, she was beautiful, there was no denying that, but now that he had gotten to know her he had fallen for her hook line and sinker. She was scary smart; a genius in the making and Steve had no doubt she was going to change the world with her brilliant mind and amazing creations. She was witty and funny and always had a good response to everything, either making people laugh or taking apart any argument people were having with her. She was confident, owned every room she walked in to and even when she said weird or nonsensical things she could make you believe it wasn't.
He pushed himself up and leaned his back against the chair and tried to gather up his remaining energy and get into the kitchen to get something to eat, when suddenly someone covered his eyes and a voice said, "Guess who?"
“Oh man, that means it’s up to me. And I still haven’t decided.” Steve smiled gently and placed his hand on Bruce’s shoulder.
Again, this was something that really concerned Steve. Sure, he knew that Tony had nothing but the best intentions when he stayed in his workshop three days without breaks. He might deflect and act like it was all because he didn’t want anyone’s blood on his hands, but Steve knew better. The whole team knew better. Tony still, either out of habit or stubborn pride, worked really hard to cover up his feelings and hide the fact that he cared very much for his friends and wanted them to stay alive. And if he could make sure it happened by making them better armor, weaponry and whatever else they might need in battle, he would do it. Nevermind that he worked himself into the ground while doing it, ‘cause his own health wasn’t as important as his friends, despite said friends trying to tell him otherwise.
Still, Tony always tried to sneak around this rule and test the limits as much as he could without making Steve yell at him. At first he had tried to ignore the rule and bought whatever he wanted to give him, but once he seen how uncomfortable Steve got and Steve explained why he wanted the rule there, he was more accepting to it. But that still didn’t stop him from trying to push the envelope as much as he could. Like that one time when he took Steve on a picnic with fancy food and looking over the Washington DC celebration from afar, somehow having only cost 100$. Steve wasn’t sure how he had managed to pull that off, but he showed receipts and everything so he couldn’t argue. Besides, it had been a really lovely evening, so who was he to complain?
Steve smiled and his eyes softened, placing both hands on Tony’s shoulders and looked him straight in the eyes, his eyes are full of sincerity and love. “Tony, you shouldn’t think about Howard and what he’ll think. I have never cared about his opinion; I hate him just as much as he hates me. But I love you and I want you, and if that means I have to deal with him as my father-in-law and him being a dick about it, I’ll gladly deal with that.” He lifted one hand and stroke it over Tony’s cheek. “I love you enough to handle anything. I’ve seen war at this point, I doubt there’s anything Howard Stark can say or do to keep us apart or make me stop loving you.”
Steve smiled too before getting back up on his feet and looked over at what the others were doing. Clint and Natasha were looking over the doors on the left and Thor and Tony looked over the doors on the right. But none of them seemed to have had any luck in trying to open them.
“It was a steal, really.” Tony had shrugged when he showed the receipt when Steve had questioned him. “I don’t think they realized how much they could’ve charged for it all.”
It almost looked like Steve was trying to convince himself that he was finally home and with his boyfriend again just as much as Tony was.
Hammer also shoved his way up to Ty’s side, trying for a similar smirk like Ty’s and Killian’s, but didn’t quite make it, which ironically helped calm Tony’s nerves. But before he could speak, Ty cut him off, leaning in closer and pressing Tony up against a locker.”
Not that they ever said anything to her face, even Sharon and her posse always made sure to have a door or a wall between them or that they were standing with enough distance between them so she couldn’t do anything about it other than ‘overhear it’. But she knew, she always knew. Clint could make all the Mean Girls jokes he wanted about her hair being big and full of secrets, but the truth was that she was good at figuring things out about people. She had good eyes and ears and so she learned all lot of things about people that they more than likely wouldn’t like to have revealed.
“Perhaps he was actually received, how did you phrase it? A stick up his rear? It would make most men rather sour and angry.” That caused Clint and Tony to burst out laughing, with Tony slapping himself on the knee and Clint placing both hands on his knees to keep himself standing somewhat upright.
“JARVIS, lower the music!” His yelling wasn’t loud enough to be heard over the music, but Jarvis still lowered the music enough for Steve to relax again. Tony jerked up from his work on in his armor and glared at him.
He swallowed thickly and let his finger hover over the green button, then the red one and then back to green.
“Uh, yes of course, how stupid of me.” He cleared his throat and tried to smile his ‘Customer Service Smile’ while pretending he wasn’t trying not to stare at her. “So, what can I get you?”
Natasha sat in a toilet cubicle, waiting it out in the girl’s locker room with a half-full water bottle in her hand. The other girls would be done changing soon and then they would leave and she could get away from their bitching. Not that she couldn’t handle them and their bullshit, she knew she could, but she wasn’t sure if she could hold herself back from hurting them if she was out there with them and she didn’t want to cause any trouble. Not today, not with only a few hours left of school. She and Clint had agreed to not get into any trouble today and had promised Phil that they wouldn’t, and she intended to keep it.
“Well, I’m out of protein bars. I don’t suppose anyone else had the idea of bringing along snacks for the trip, ‘cause I don’t think we’ll get dinner either.” No one did have anything else to eat and Clint shivered, rubbing his hands over his arms.
“Where are you going, friend Tony?” Thor called after him and Tony turned to look back at them over his shoulder.
Tony smiled and shook his hair to get rid of as much water as he could before walking inside, taking Steve’s jacket off and shaking it off too. “Let’s.”
“Hey, come on.” Steve tugged on Tony’s hand, making him stop staring out at the park and turn to look at him. “Let’s just keep walking. It’s just a little rain, it’ll be fine.”
“No, no, nothing like that. I just wanted to. I mean, does a fella need to have a reason for wanting to treat his best guy to a nice dinner every once in a while?” Tony snorted and shook his head.
“Hi, hi Bubba. Hi Bubba, are you a good boy? Yeah, you’re such a good boy.” The dog barked happily and started circle Steve, almost tripping over its own paws, but the tail was still wagging and it looked like it was smiling widely, the tongue still hanging out of the side of its mouth.
“Hey, hold this for me, doll?” Tony took the bag, a bit surprised, but before he could respond Steve grabbed him around the shoulders and knees again and swept him up in his arms. Tony gasped a little and almost dropped the bag as he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck before bursting out laughing and hiding his face in Steve’s neck as he started to walk towards the doors.
Steve had promised that this would be the last time. “One last tour, Tony. One last tour and then I’m here to stay. I promise, just give me these last 10 months and then I’m all yours. I’ll leave the army forever and we’ll build a life and home together. I give you my word.”
to some Gelato. As a thank you for saving me from drowning.” Steve smiled, and damn, that smile was way more breathtaking than any smile had any right to be.
Tony caught their looks and tried to look pleadingly at them, though the effect was slightly ruined by him hanging upside down. “Help? Please?” Natasha just smirked at him and shook her head, her red curls bouncing against her cheeks. Clint laughed at him.
Okay, yes, she needed to break up the tension with a little humor, but all this emotional talk was getting a little much for her, she needed to make him laugh a little. And she did manage to startle a laugh out of him and he looked a little more relaxed now. Then he swallowed loudly and licked his lips, covering her hands with the hand she wasn't holding.
“Ask Cap. It’s his dog, ergo his decision.” Steve grinned at Tony and then down at his dog, which had turned his attention on Sam and was now licking his hands and face and wagging his tail so hard it now looked like he would fall over soon.
And Steve’s response was often, if not always, to pull Tony into his arms and hold him, tight enough to feel him against his own body, warm and real and alive, but always careful so he wouldn’t hurt him. He’d kiss his boyfriend’s cheek, nose, eyelids, hair and everything else he could reach, and then press his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and whisper as the tears started to fall.
In his swelling waves of panic, he heard a loud splash somewhere to his left, but he couldn’t see anything because of the saltwater splashing in his eyes. But he felt someone grab his ankle and yank on it and suddenly his leg was free and he started kicking and wave with his arms to stay afloat. Then he felt arms grabbing him around the chest, slightly under his armpits and hold him steady, despite him kicking and flailing wildly without being able to see, while still gasping, spluttering and coughing in wild panic.
She smirked and leaned in close. “I’m counting on it, Rogers. Otherwise I’ll hunt you down and drag you out with me.” Then she leaned in closer and kissed Steve on the cheek, squeezed his hand before letting go and getting out of her seat, grabbing her bag.
“Oh, so here’s the kindergarten, huh?” Everybody turned to look as Natasha came walking through the corridor, the crowd parting for her like Moses parted the Red Sea. She had her eyes locked on Rumlow and marched up to him, getting right up in his face. “Well, aren’t you going to pick on me now?”
He opened his mouth to speak, but his father glared down at him; firm and practically daring him to speak back to him. "Anthony, this is not up for discussion. Your mother and I have made our decision, you will go to this camp for the summer. We have already booked in a vacation and after your stunt last summer; you can erase any ideas or hope that we'll ever let you stay alone in this house again. Jarvis is upstairs packing your bags right now and the taxi will come and pick you up tomorrow morning."
“Make sure he gets at least eight hours, Cap. He promised to spar with me tomorrow.” Tony froze in Steve's grip and gulped audibly, either having forgotten about that promise and was now reminded or was just nervous about sparring match on its own. Which was fair when you were going up against the Black Widow.
“Not yet. Just a second.” He stopped in front of Steve, very close, but he didn’t say or do anything. He opened his mouth to ask about it, when he felt something warm and wet stroke over his face. He flinched and drew back, blinking as he opened his eyes.
“I need you to forgive me.” Steve frowned, both confused and startled by the words that came out of Tony’s mouth. He sat up on the couch, turned off the sound on the TV and directed all of his attention on Tony. He examined Tony as closely as he could without making it too obvious that he was. He didn’t want Tony to feel like he was being scrutinized. He didn’t look drunk, or even like he had that much to drink at all, in fact- now that Steve looked a little closer- he looked like a mix between a deer caught in the headlights and a child waiting to be scolded.
“Yeah, well he’s still an asshole. I mean, what the hell have I ever done to him? I never even talked to him before today for fucks sake, so why does he glare at me like I killed his puppy?” Thor nodded and folded his arms over his broad chest.
) they had started to warm up a little and Steve wrapped his arms around Tony again and pulled him as close as he could.
“Well, better than hanging around you and constantly having to save your butt all the time. I am not your bodyguard, Clint.” She got off the bed and started to go through her bags one final time. “Besides, anything is better than staying in the city for the whole summer.”
- rise in his chest, ‘cause he started to get an idea of where this was going and he didn’t like one bit. But he made sure to keep his face reassuring and gentle, despite how hard it was getting to keep it like that. He squeezed his husband’s hand, being very careful not use his super-human strength to accidentally crush the bones in Tony’s smaller, frailer hand.
“I’m just trying to find a way out of here!” He moved onto looking over the big hairdryer, running his fingers over the cool metal and looking over the display and buttons on the sides. When he didn’t seem to find anything of too much interest or that could tell him where they were, he moved on the doors. The one behind the hair dryer was locked and no matter how much Tony yanked on the door handle or fiddled with the lock, it remained immovable, so he eventually moved on to the other doors.
“You should go to bed, honey. You’re tired and I won’t have you go back down into your workshop and work yourself into the ground again.”
"Hi babe. Good to see you home again." Steve smiled and nuzzled his face against Tony's. He drew in Tony's scent through his nose and suddenly felt at peace again. He was home, Tony was here holding him and all was well in the world.
taking this step? Yes, Steve might be genuine and really like her, but he could still turn his back on her when he saw her many flaws and faults and issues. What was she thinking? Abort, abandon mission, stop, cease and desist-!
The other blonde guy in front of Tony turned around to look at them and smiled sadly. “Well, I can only envy you. My father has sent me to this camp as punishment for my behavior in school and believes it might help my temper. But I hardly had a choice in the matter.” Bruce narrowed his eyes slightly at how he spoke, but then remembered that a guy from Norway had started going to their school some time ago so this was probably him.
He raised an eyebrow at her. “Are you staring at my butt?” She looked up at him with shrugged, still smiling like a little imp.
“I know I’m not missing this chance! I never back down from a challenge or an adventure.” And so, he slammed his hand down on the green button, which lit up for two seconds and made a whooping sound. Tony smirked and walked back to the others, folding his arms over his chest and looked to his classmates with a
that small, you little bastard!” Giggling like a mad man, Tony’s smirk turned into a wide smile as he tried to wriggle out of Steve’s tickling hands and his tight grip on him while also attempting to hold back his laughter.
to really, my mother really wanted me to get to know some new friends. But I was going to go with my best friend so I thought it’d be somewhat bearable. But then he called me yesterday and told me that he had caught the flu and couldn’t come, so I had to go alone.”
His mom would grab him by the ear and give him the scolding of a lifetime if she heard he got himself in trouble again, especially at the end of the school year.
And of course there were comments about his looks. And he wasn’t ‘ugly’ exactly; he had good features and a symmetrical face, big brown eyes, a straight nose and excellent bone structure. But he also had big, bulky hipster glasses and he had a bit of a problem with zits. And it wasn’t so much that there were many of them, it was just that they always refused to go away entirely. His hair- while thick and clean enough- was a mess of dark brown untamable curls and he was thin and lanky, which not only made him look smaller than weaker than he actually was, it also made his clothes end up looking awkward on him even if they were in his size, which apparently wasn’t considered attractive by most kids in school.
She got out of the car, popped the hood on car and started to look over the engine. Natasha finally removed her earbuds and turned to look over at the others. “Well, looks like we’ll be stopping for a while. That sounded pretty bad.” Tony smirked and also got out of the car.
“Ugh, emotions are so draining, why do we even have them?” Steve just chuckled and shook his head, wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulders.
From the moment Steve had first seen Antonia “Toni” Elizabeth Stark there had been a very, very strong interest.
Steve felt his heart melt and a big, wide smile spread over his face as he reached out his hands and started to pet the dog and in turn it started to lick him everywhere it could reach, hands and arms and face.
“Oh yeah, I’m fine- I-I mean I was fine. A-and I never got to thank you for helping me with those jerks. They’re always on my back for something or other, so thanks for, you know, helping me out.” Tony smiled and bumped him with his shoulder.
“Just admiring the view, Hot stuff. Nothing wrong with looking.” And Steve felt he should be offended. He’d said before that he didn’t like women only talking or showing interest in him because of his muscles, but with Toni, it suddenly felt okay. Maybe because she was admitting to it where most girls tried to act like they weren’t. Or maybe because she had complimented his art before shamelessly staring at him. He didn’t know, but he didn’t really care, which felt a little strange.
"Is that what you think of me, Steve? You think I'm so swallow that I judge my friends by their bank account? Or how many facts they can cram into their heads? Or how successful they might be ten years from now?"
Clint sighed and took Lucky out of the bag again, hugging him to his chest and stroking the fur. “And here I thought we’d have some freedom and get some time to whatever we wanted for the summer, but instead we get sent to the most dorky, stupid looking camp ever.” He rolled his eyes and smiled mockingly at her. “Lucky us.”
Steve chuckled and shook his head softly, tightening his grip around Tony and pressed an equally soft and affectionate kiss to Tony’s temple. “Aw come on, sweetheart, like I’d ever let you go. You’d have to fight extremely hard with me to convince me to ever let go of you.” His smile turned unbelievably soft and he nuzzled his nose against his fiancé’s with such a sweet and adoring smile that Tony was sure he was gonna get cavities from looking at it. “You’re my one and only, pumpkin.”
Tony rolled his eyes and shook his head. Yeah, like high school ever had any ‘good days’. Especially when you have little to no friends. Sure, he had Rhodey and Pepper and he sometimes talked a little to Bruce Banner in science class and math class, but it wasn’t much against the rest of the school hating his guts.
“Steve, this is ridiculous! I have to work on the armor, I don’t have time your-“ Steve shook his head and threw his boyfriend further up over his shoulder, prompting a yelp out of him.
Steve’s annoyance softened a little and smile became more genuine. He placed his arm around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him close, off the armrest and into his lap. “If it’s from you, I know I’ll love it. “
Bruce felt his mouth fall open and Steve and Thor’s eyes widened as they took in the information. Natasha, while still appearing to be very stoic and unfazed, also had her mouth slightly open and her green eyes were glued to the screen. Tony and Clint didn’t entirely convinced, though they didn’t look away either and were listening just as intently as the rest of them, but did side-eye each other every now and then.
She smiled, a bit more genuinely. “A café latte, double shot of Espresso and soymilk. And I’ll get a croissant too, I missed lunch today.” Steve nodded and tried to smile as naturally as possible. He turned back to make the latte, he tried to come up with something to say that wasn’t lame.
He swallowed, puffed out his chest and looked Ty right in the eyes. “Oh yeah, uh thanks for the offer, but I have plans for the summer too. My parents have planned a trip to Paris and I have to go with them whether I like it or not.”
Tony smiled and had to clear his throat so his sobs wouldn’t make his voice crack. He stroked one hand over Steve’s bearded cheek. “So what kind of idiot would I be to let go of the best thing that ever happened to me?”
“That’s all fine and good and I’m happy for you, I really am, but you’re still working a shift, you know.”
“But you’re a smart guy, Bruce.” Tony, narrowing his eyes at Steve when he saw what he was trying to do, placed his arm around Bruce’s shoulders and grinned at him.
On days like that, when he’s dark thoughts just refused to leave him alone, he’d spend them one of two ways. Either he’d stay in his room and refuse to come out, even for food or water, or he’d be in the gym for hours on end to try and fight off those invasive thoughts, until the equipment broke or he collapsed from hunger or physical and mental exhaustion. Usually both.
Toni stared at her for a second, unsure how to respond, before smiling back and hugging her. “Thanks Janet, I will.” And so she took the purse and her jacket and got out of the apartment, only stopping once she got out on the street.
“Hi, guys! Stone, Killian, Hammer, always a pleasure. Come to wish me a happy summer already? Aw, that’s sweet of you guys; you didn’t have to do that! Also, isn’t it a bit early for that?“ Ty smirked wickedly at him and stepped forward, his smile very wide but his eyes were unsettling, the way they always were.
Tony rolled his eyes while still pressing his arm over his eyes. Sure, like he could make friends with anyone in that kind of environment. Kids in his school only saw him as a spoiled, rich brat who had never worked a day in his life, so what were the chances of anyone seeing him in a better light at a freaking nature camp?
Tony seems to be on a similar line of thought. “I’ll take Buckster with me once the storm passes to check any offices and the machince’s. Will we all fit in your truck Sam?” He groans when Sam shakes his head no. “Look’s like we will have to split in two groups, if we find fuel two of us should go back for our car.”
Growling in annoyance, Tony fiddled with the generator in the basement. Aiming to replace parts that rely on fuel to run with parts he had found within the mansion that morning and from their travels. If he can make the generator work without having to keep finding fuel for now. They can use the temporary electric as a chip to entice others to trust them. Giving Tony longer to make something like his arc reactor again to run the building on.
“Daddy, does that mean there will be other kids?” Peter tugged on Tony’s leg, looking up curiously. Smiling down at his son, Tony ran a hand through Peters messy curls causing him to giggle and bat at his fathers hand.
“That will do I guess... you remember that back when we were a team? Back on the hellicarrier? When we...fooled around after that argument?” Blushing faintly Tony rubs the back of his neck awkwardly looking down at his feet. Grinning a bit Steve nods. “I do yeah.” Pausing, Steve looks up sharply suddenly. Is Tony saying what he thinks he’s saying?...
“Oh Tony...” Heart clenching for him, he sees this time Bucky reach out and this time put his hand on Tony’s knee. Tony doesn’t seem to acknowledge it at first before gently removing Bucky’s hand.
“Not a stir my entire watch” Nodding at Peter in greeting, Bucky looks up at Tony with a small smile. “How you sleep?”
Now the Dom’s were squirming in their seats. Steve’s face gong darker as he swallows thickly before replying, “because I was till gone on you, I had hope that maybe one day we would find you. Maybe try again. I still sorta do hope that.” Shyly Steve looks up at Tony through his lashes- why were they so goddamn thick?! So unfair. Tony could feel the tell tale warmth of his own blush starting at that. Startled by that admission he worriedly looks to Bucky to see his reaction.
“I believe you. We’ll give you a chance, you make one mistake or act in any manner that could harm any of the group, we will leave you behind. Everyone ok with this?”
“But how did they get the best of him? Steve is really strong and hard to best in battle, even Bucky struggles to win against him. The only one I’ve seen beat him would be Thor...”
Handing the device over, Sam sees how Bucky’s eyes are immediately drawn to the tag with Tony’s name on it. The hand writing unfamiliar to him but Bucky is 99% positive Francis is involved with this thing.
It wasn’t until Tony finally stood after helping Bucky undress that he realised what he had done. Blinking to himself, Tony had just willingly kneeled for a Dom for the first time in years. Had done one of the most basic of things, expected of Subs before he had really thought about it.
Outside the car, the Doms had frozen having heard what happened. Bruce crumpled to the floor, his face slack with guilt. If he had stayed in the car. This could have been avoided. He should have checked that the door was properly shut before heading down the drive! Whimpering, Bruce put his head between his knees. For once Hulk was quiet in the back of his mind. Bruce felt a hand on his shoulder trying to comfort him, he could tell it was Thor from the scent surrounding him.
“Naw, you told me ya not my sweetheart, nothing about not calling you doll” grinning wider, Bucky passes Peter back to Tony who was swallowing thickly and looking away. A small blush on his cheeks as the Brooklyn drawl came out thick. Even Steve behind Tony was blushing a bit at it.
“Do we really need to do another check? You guys managed to get a great haul from the medi place didn’t you?” Huffing petulantly, Clint leaned back in his chair to put his feet on the table, internally gleeful at the look of disappointment Steve sent him for it.
“Oooookay there kiddo, one question at a time once we get moving ok? We best get in the car and start moving on, who knows what your lightning will attract.”
Smiling, she nudges him in the shoulder, “You best have baby photos, I want to see him as a baby. Sounds like he was a real cutie.” Grinning more widely, Tony nods nudging her back. He and Natasha has had a turbulent history but...despite the bitterness, underneath is his admiration for her, she had always treated him as just another guy. No different from anyone else, despite his old fame and wealth he had to his name. They knew where they stood and could relate on certain issue’s.
“Not to bad, we found some tins and water. But mostly we found some better clothing that would protect us better and some camping gear should we need it, you know out in the middle of in the middle of nowhere.” Clint quipped from the back of the truck. Grabbing some stuff some it along with Sam.
“I have the exact same reaction Doll, don’t worry” Grinning Bucky drawls out, his Brooklyn accent thick from having just been snoozing. Swallowing thickly, Tony peeks up to see if Steve has finished getting dressed.
“Um..we have another problem” Sam pips up from the sofa again, “my truck won’t hold half the group, the back isn’t secure for people to sit in if we get swarmed”
“No buts Pete, you need to sleep it’s getting late. You too Wade ok? Do you want to take the hoody off? I can try and clean it for you”
“The mansion is cleared, all corpses have been taken outside as well. Thor and Loki are taking them outside so that we can bury them tomorrow when we have more light and to also check the grounds for any more.” Slowly Steve walks over and kneels in front of Tony and the now slumbering Peter. Exhausted from the day’s stress. Punk is asleep on Peter’s lap, his head tucked into Peter’s belly. “How is he doing?”
“Tony wanted to get a few medical books and some on weapons and bullet making. I have to admit, they could come in handy should we find ourselves without someone that’s an expert in both areas.”
Leaning back into his seat, Steve watches Clint absorb what he just said, of course he wouldn’t just bring back everyone they crossed paths with, without getting a feel for them first. They had a Sub and two kids to protect right now, they couldn’t afford to bring in any unsavoury characters by accident that could pose as a threat towards them. If they had been able to send Tony and the kids to Asgard, they may have been less picky and try to save everyone but as it is, they had to be much more careful on who they took in. Steve may be optimistic but he wasn’t stupid.
“Pleasure doing business with you” Natasha purrs out grinning. It doesn’t take the others long to leave their own rooms they claimed once the smell of coffee got going. As promised Tony got the first mug, smirking smugly at the look of dismay on Clint’s face.
“Come on Doll lets move you and munchkin to a bed to sleep properly, you’ll hurt your back sleeping there,” Smiling warmly, Bucky strokes some of Tony’s now longer curls away from his eyes. The strands have started to self-clean after so long of not being able to properly shower. Groaning Tony forced himself to stand once Steve picked up Peter.
“Yay!” Grinning, Tony pats the top of the large generator fondly. “Good girl sweetie, that’s better huh? I’ll make you better soon, promise”
Tony groaned in the complaint as his group came to yet another corridor. Honestly, this place had too many of these joining each room. There was even old servant hidden corridors that the two god alphas took to clearing. Tony and Clint taking the main ones. The server ones were near pitch black and therefore much more dangerous to navigate. They had warned the group on the bottom floor of said corridors.
“Goodnight boys, sleep well ok? Anything wrong we will be just down stairs.” Getting two sleepy nods in acknowledgment, Tony shuts the door most of the way. Leaving only a sliver of a gap.
“Is it unlocked?” Pulling on the door carefully, Sam cracks opens the camper van just a smidge and nods at Steve who comes around to his side. “Good, I’ll go in and check the bathroom, stand watch for me ok?”
”There we go, ” grinning, Tony stands up stretching out his muscles that have cramped up a bit from being in one position for so long. “Let’s go upstairs and let the others know the good knees huh?”
“If you want to that is? It wouldn’t be sexual, doesn’t have to be sexual. I just want to relax together for a bit. Maybe soak in a warm bath after getting the dirt off?” Bucky tilts his head to the side and down a bit in a bashful way. At odds with his charming smile that could charm a siren to let a ship pass by.
“You all ok?” Murmuring softly Natasha asks him, eyes constantly flickering away to check the many bushes and trees around them. “We need to get inside now, we will explain everything but it isn’t safe out here.”
Bucky never had much of a chance to spend that much time with Tony back before. However, what little time they did spend in each others company, had been good. Tony had been fascinated with his arm. He had provided equipment through SI to help with the triggers that were in his head. Chatting on the hellicarrier while looking for the tesseract, they had spent time chatting. Understanding in each others trauma that both avoided talking about. A sense of comradie that others couldn’t really understand.
Bucky was one that had spoken out a bit at Tony’s dismissal, and one that Tony had missed a lot. He hadn’t cared about who Tony was but, his loyalty to Cap came first. He had followed Steve to try and help him calm down. Tony didn’t overly begrudge him for that, after all had it been the other way round with Rhodey, well he would have gone after his best friend as well.
Steve left the group sleeping for another hour, most of which he spent sneaking glances at Tony and his fingers itching for a sketch book . Tony’s face was actually finally relaxed in his sleep, his tired face smoothed out a bit. He still had bags under his eyes but there was no helping that, they all had bags under their eyes from the near constant need to be alert and on guard. They all treasured the moments in which they could finally drop their guard and actually recharge properly. They seriously need a more permanent home.
“We would like to invite you all to live in the same camp as us, work with us against our shared enemy. They took one of our people recently which is how we met some of you”
Back!! For my birthday my bestie gave me a iPad with a keyboard to properly write! Hope you enjoy this chapter and I’m not to rusty agan. Let me know what you guys think!
Moving fast but quietly they made their way through fast, checking rooms as they go. Many were useless to them apart from the occasional computer or fan in the offices. They decided to come back for those once they were sure they could carry them without threat of being mauled alive.
Locking the door and casting a few wards and alarms on the door, Loki glances at the new group with an analytical gaze, storing away any tidbits of information he notices. Bucky seems to be doing the same to his side, the winter soldier training in him doing it practically on autopilot. Bucky may hate the years in Hydras grasp and he may despise what they did to him and made him do, but he cannot deny that the skills he picked up and honed has helped him survive this hell so far.
“Then let keep an eye out for one along the way. Let make it a priority on the route. 30 minutes everyone before we head out”
They lightning seemed way to concentrated to be natural but at the time they were all much more focused on settling down for the night to pay much attention to it. Now thought with nothing but his thoughts for company, he allows himself think about it.
Thor glared at Loki who had muttered while he had been talking, not appreciating the jab from the trickster.
Nodding hesitantly Tony gives a small weak smile. Half hearted at best. “Yeah, thats all we can hope for really...hope we find them one day...”
Sitting up again, Bruce leans back as they whisper so as to not alarm the chattering kids across from them. Steve remains by the kids trying to minimise the mess as Wade eats another plate of food. Bucky had moved to sit in a chair behind the two genius’s, listening intently to them as they brainstormed. The gods remained where they were but were no doubt listening in as well. Sam and Clint where over by the coffee pot chatting quietly to themselves, oblivious to everything else going on around them.
“Yeah, big fella is back,  also found this kid that’s with Thor, wouldn’t leave him alone” Chuckling Bucky recalls Wade eagerly wanting to go with Thor to see if they could catch the horses a few fields away. Pausing, he remembers about Loki as they go up the steps.
“How about a few stories while we wait for food huh?” Beaming suddenly, perking up in his seat Peter nods enthusiastically. “Story!” Hushing his son Tony sighs, “sure story time, but quiet Petey ok?” Giggling Peter nods putting a finger to his lips. The group sit around the table. For a moment, it was like the team was whole, the quiet laughter at some of the stories. Tony even chipped in and grinned here and there, relaxing a bit more as more stories flowed.
“Yeah, we put a few cans by a digger we can pick them up now” nodding satisfied Steve surveys them all. Let’s get the fuel people and get the cars going, we need to be out of here in less than 10 minutes ok?” A chorus of agreements sound back at him at his commands.
“We don’t know, the attacking group…they…they took Steve as far as we know.” Exhaling heavily Natasha finally admits to them, “we don’t know for sure how they managed to get the drop on Steve but all we found was his shield. It’s by the stairs for now.”
“I’d hug you but er, your finally clean of dirt but I’m still covered and I don’t want to get you dirt already” grinning bashfully, Steve started to undress his top layers and left them in a pile near the door to deal with later. “I see you got the generator and boiler going through baby, thank you,”
“Should we risk hitching this onto our truck?” Whispering softly, Steve crosses his arms, one hand resting discreetly on the butt of a gun that sits in a shoulder holster that Nat made him wear and get used to.
“I’ll be right behind you doll! Now go!” Bucky urges Tony. As he starts to pull himself up. With one final glance back Clint pulls Tony to the edge that’s most stable and jumps across to a high up haul truck. Turning back around he urges Tony to jump.
Ducking as now gun fire from the roof rains down on them, Clint grits his teeth as he yank the bolt out of his leg and puts pressure on the wound. Just barely stopping himself from screaming. Fuck that hurt!
But before anyone could hear any of sounds from the buttons or say anything, the ship’s lights suddenly started to flicker over by the control panel, loud alarms blared out from speakers and a slightly louder robotic voice spoke from the computer.
The months did pass, if slowly, and he did receive letters from Steve- he was old-fashioned like that- telling him what was going on (as much as he could, anyway) and reassuring him that he was alright and everything was going well. He would tell him how much he loved and missed him, how he couldn’t wait to see him and would give little details or ideas for the future they wanted together.
Okay, so this turned out to be longer than I had intended it to be, but I’d say it turned out alright. I hope you liked this and please leave kudos, bookmark and comment!
Natasha rolled her eyes at them and placed a hand on Steve’s shoulder to pull him back from actually hurting Tony, while keeping her eyes locked on her brother and Thor. “We’re just saying that there’s a bigger decision here than just how we’re going to spend our summer here. I mean out of everyone here, who even has a driving license?” Tony raised his hand, along with Thor and Steve sort of raised his hand.
“We just wanted to check up on an old friend, Tony. Like, how have you been doing lately? Come on, you can’t be surprised that we’re wondering. We’ve gotten pretty close over the years, haven’t we?” Tony tilted his head and raised his eyebrow at Ty. Close? Close what? It’s not like they had ever been friends, even though they had been in the same class since third grade, aside from Ty who was a junior.
"Hm, who could it possibly be? Well, your hands are too small to be Hulk or Thor, but also too big to be Natasha. Your hands are also pretty calloused so it could be Tony but Clint have pretty calloused too…" He heard Tony snicker and his own smile widened at the sound. He loved making Tony laugh.
And once again, Tony turned out to be right, because several hours passed and the driver still didn’t show up or come back and it eventually got dark and moon and stars appeared on the sky. The kids got their phones out and used it as flashlights to try and see if anyone came. But of course, no one did.
“Gee, I don’t know, maybe that you always seem to have planned something for my birthday. Like that time you planned that picnic in DC, somehow with great view but away from all the people so we could be alone without fans coming up all the time? Or when you got me free passes for the Museum of Modern Art for a whole year, while also having hired the place for the night and arranged a dinner date? Or when you proposed to me? Are you seriously telling me you haven’t planned something for today, when I officially turn 100 years old?”
They all looked between themselves, eyeing the others with cautious and begrudging eyes before nodding to each other, though the air remained tense and cold. Tony grumbled and started to turn away.
That startled a laugh out of him and suddenly felt a bit more at ease. So he gathered up his courage and covered her hands with his own. “So… then, would you-“ He swallowed and licked his lips again. Jesus, Mary and Joseph, why was this so hard?
The kids stared at the opened door, then each other and then Tony started to walk out of the room, only for Steve to grab his arm and yank him back. “Are you crazy? We have no idea where we are or who brought us here and you’re just gonna waltz out there?” Tony rolled his eyes and yanked his arm back.
“Well, I guess I have my orders, General Stark. And trust me, I have no intentions of ever letting you go, ever again. I thought I made that clear when we were still in high school.”
“Quinoa is, in fact, a thing, honey. It’s this seed that is really good for you and it’s delicious in a salad or as a substitution for rice or pasta. And considering how much you want me to eat better I figured you would approve. Why didn’t you Google it, or call if you didn’t know what it was?” Steve groaned and put away the last few groceries.
“Yeah, what if something happens? You’re the adult!” She rolled her eyes and started to walk down the road the way they came from.
Steve slowly made his way over to the couch, but made sure to walk on the one squeaky floor board so he wouldn’t startle Tony, and sat down next to him on the couch, close enough for Tony to find comforting but also not too close so he wouldn’t make him uncomfortable.
“Yes, we fucking get it!” Natasha snarled at the computer before turning back to Bruce and his typing. Steve had placed his hand on Tony’s shoulder and was shaking him wildly.
“Yes it is. She gave it to me when I told her I wanted to ask you to marry me. I had to go and have it a bit adjusted so it would fit your finger, but other than that it the exact same ring.” He blushed a little and rubbed the back of his head. “I… heh, carried it with me everywhere while in Syria. For motivation, I guess. I figured if I kept carrying it around with me it would help me remember what I had back home. That I had the love of my life waiting for me back home and I really, really wanted to marry him.”
“Oh fuck you, Steve. At least I’m getting some action with the ladies man, that’s more than can be said about you. Are you planning on ever actually going on a date, ever? Seriously, you’re almost twenty and you’ve never gone on a date!” Steve rolled his eyes.
“And what about you? Are you just sit around and glare at everyone who dares looking at you? Or sip on ‘vodka’ all the time?” She rolled her eyes and smacked him on the head.
But no, Tony was not lazy, by any stretch of the imagination. On the contrary, Tony could spend hours down in his workshop working on new tech, weapons for his friends or his armor without even noticing that days had gone by. Or that he needed food or rest.
Natasha closed her bag with a frown on her face before turning to look at Clint, who was still packing his bag, very, very slowly. She rolled her eyes and sat down on her bed and started to remove nail polish from her fingernails. She had long since given up on trying to get him to get more organized only for it all to fall on deaf ears. Which was already half true since Clint did require hearing aids, but still. He could never seem to remember or take in her advice and sometimes she had just ended up doing most of the work while he got to lie back and do nothing, which she had long since stopped doing.
“Then get your ass in gear, Barton!” Tony called after him from where he was, observing one of the big machines in the room and running his hands over the cool, white metal. Thor looked after him shrugged and then ran after him.
Toni Stark was a lot of things but wasn't such a callous and horrible bitch that she could hurt someone she had grown to care about that much in such a horrible way. It’d be like kicking a puppy with a ball in their mouth that wanted to play fetch. It was not only mean, it was cruel beyond belief and totally unjustified. She couldn’t possibly do it.
“Well, maybe it was just meant to be a nice gesture from a parent, Stark? Not that you would know anything about ‘nice’, right?” Tony snapped his head at the guy, first surprised and then angry.
Tony felt himself starting to smile without realizing it and had to blink a few times so he wouldn’t start crying, ‘cause this was such a sweet gesture and such a Steve thing to do and it was so touching to have a boyfriend that went out of his way to make him happy. It wasn’t something he was used to from his previous partners, except for Pepper, obviously.
Ooh, and so the plot starts to get going! And in the next chapter we’ll learn where our heroes end up and what’s gonna happen next.
The screen flickered before it disappeared and lights came on again. Everyone was silent for a long time, staring at the spot where the screen had just been and trying to make sense of it all. Space, aliens, missions, adventures, voting, it was all very much to take in so suddenly.
Tony shrugged and tried for an easy smile. He figured it was better to play dumb in this situation, despite feeling vey uncomfortable around these guys.
What was Bruce supposed to do with that? Tony, Clint and Thor might be more comfortable with rushing in without thinking about risks or consequences, but Bruce really wasn’t and in a way he envied them for it. He wished he was brave enough to say yes to this, but he wasn’t. He was scared and worried about this whole thing and his instincts and gut told him to turn back and run. Or, well, go back to Earth anyway. Because his gut told him that nothing on that summer camp could be quite as dangerous as piloting space ships and landing on planets no human had ever even dreamed about.
"Long enough to hear you think you're not good enough to breathe the same air as me. That you think I'm too good for you." She narrowed her eyes at him, honestly offended by what he had said.
Like how Sharon, for all her slut shaming and calling her a whore or whatever, was the first girl in their class who’d had sex. With a college kid, of all things.
“Whoa, watch out guys, it looks like Rogers is a little peeved.” Steve clenched his fists and looked very angry and like he was fighting very hard not to punch something. Or someone.
“Already on it. And I handled the rent this morning too. We’re all set with the payments for this month.” Steve smiled and put away the milk in the refrigerator.
So, the results were 2 against 3, which meant one vote would decide the results. And so, everyone turned to Bruce, who still hadn’t voted yet. And poor Bruce stood with his arms folded over his chest and shoulder slightly hunched over.
“An excellent course of action my friends! You have saved all of our lives with this move, friend Clint. And friend Tony, your steering was quite impressive as well!” Tony and Clint both stumbled from the force from the slaps on their backs and blushed a little from the compliments, but Natasha just grumbled as she brushed her now very tousled hair out of her face and straightened out her clothes.
Steve raised an eyebrow at him. “How much is ‘just a teensy bit?’” Tony shrugged and smiled innocently. Well, he probably tried to look innocent but he mostly looked like a kid caught with his hand in the cookie jar.
“Hi babe.” He pressed a kiss to Steve’s cheek before they pulled away slightly, Steve’s arms wrapped loosely around Tony’s waist. “Greeting me at the door today?” He smiled teasingly and raised an eyebrow up at Steve. Steve grinned at him and kissed him on the forehead.
“Tony…” Tony was blinking suddenly, rapidly and several times, and it clicked in Steve’s brain that Tony’s many deep breaths and sudden blinking was him trying his hardest to not start crying. Though it was a rather fruitless attempt, as his eyes looked a little shinier and his voice was shaking a little now.
“So, what do you guys think this could be? The world’s most advanced hair dryer or something?” Clint snorted and fingered on the bowl-like thing, pushing it back and forth a little.
Steve was completely speechless. What? Was this happening? Was she saying yes? Did she want to give him an actual shot at showing how much he liked her? He didn’t find the words, his brain had gone off-line and he couldn’t think of anything good to say.
Tony was vaguely aware of gasps of shock and anticipation from the crowd of people around them but he was stuck staring at Steve with wide eyes and his jaw hanging open, his hands flying up to cover his wide open mouth. Steve took out a small, black box from his pocket, popped it open and revealed a ring. It was fairly modest ring, nothing too extravagant or fancy, just simple golden band and a small diamond at the center.
“Well of course not. You should always pamper me and cater to my every need, that’s what you’re here for.” Steve snorted and shook his head, muttering “in your dreams, Stark.” before allowing Tony to continue.
Thor immediately felt the anger brew up and he grabbed the young man by his collar and pressed him up against a locker. “You dare insult the house of Odin? And you dare speak of my brother and people in such vulgar fashion?! I demand you apologize this instant, or I will make you the price!”
He was really hungry and tired and he knew he should get up and have some dinner, but he was just too tired. The mission had been three straight days of running around for intel that HYDRA had stolen from SHIELD and also fight a few big robots and HYDRA soldiers, which had been tiring since they never seemed to end.
Tony had already arrived at the hair dryer when Clint and Thor came up to him, and he was running his fingers over the metal and looked over the small display and the buttons on the side. He looked up briefly at the others before looking back at the display.
“Hey, whatever that is could be dangerous for all we know! No need to be nasty about it!” Thor grimaced as the sound got louder and stared out the window on Clint’s side of the car.
ever been kidnapped?” Steve lost the glare, now looking more confused as he shook his head. Tony nodded and looked away from him. “Okay then.” Then he started to walk further into the room and looked over the walls and doors, fingering on the displays and buttons that were scattered across the room.
He heard another splash and through his closed eyes saw someone block the sun for a few minutes, and felt another hand, on his shoulder this time.
disapproving crap! And mark my words, if you try to meddle with me or our lives ever again, I swear I will make you regret it!”
“She and I are from entirely different worlds, she can have anything and anyone she wants! And I have nothing and I’ll probably not have much in the future either. I have-“ Steve cut himself, almost fighting back tears at this point. “I have nothing to offer her. What business do I have around someone like her?”
“I’m sorry, I’m afraid I do not understand this statement. How does one speak ‘American?’ I was under the belief that you speak English here in this fairy country, but perhaps I was wrong?” Jane snorted and covered her mouth so she wouldn’t burst into laughter, and Thor preened a little at having made his lovely girlfriend laugh.
As for Steve, he had taken a job as an instructor/personal trainer at a gym close by their home, but he was also working on art commissions every now and then, hoping to make a name for himself as an artist. Of course he knew better than to set all of his hopes on making it big, especially right away, but Tony was always there to support him and give his opinions on Steve’s work or ideas for the future. He also looked up art galleries, contests and other ways for Steve to put his art out for the world to see, to help him get his foot in the door.
He yawned again but tried to cover it with his hand. Steve smiled at him and stroked his hair. “You tired, love?” Tony, of course, shook his head and tried to act as if nothing happened, which was slightly ruined as another yawn left his lips. Steve chuckled and slowly pulled away from the hug.
“What’s not gonna work, honey?” He looked up at Tony, all big innocent puppy-dog eyes, while pulling his pants of entirely and throwing them to the side. He debated with himself whether or not to take off Tony’s t-shirt too, and eventually decided to leave it on for now, and slowly got up and gently pushed Tony down on the mattress before crawling over, positioning himself over Tony, hands placed one both sides of his head, and leaned down to kiss him.
“How did have even know about? We haven’t told him anything and it hasn’t hit the Internet, so how did he know?” Tony shrugged and pinched his lips.
When Janet was done and Toni got a chance to look in the mirror, she was actually kinda surprised by how she looked. Yeah, she was pretty, she already knew that, but even with very little makeup on her and her hair only lightly curled she suddenly looked more… naturally beautiful. Yeah okay, she had makeup on but not much to be super, in your face or even too noticeable, except for the bright red lipstick.
Janet dropped her smirk and looked at her with more sympathy, putting her spoon down and taking her hand reassuringly. "I know you're scared Toni, but when guy wants you because you because he genuinely likes you it’s not something you have to be scared off. On the contrary, it’s a good thing. This Steve might be a nice guy who knows how to treat a girl right. You never know until you try."
. Seriously, the fucking nerve of some people, it made him loose faith in humanity some days. But Tony was still upset by his talk with his father and his biggest priority was to make sure he was okay, not to make his father pay for hurting him.
Steve’s face softened and he smiled back, rubbing the back of his neck bashfully. “Uh thanks.” He reached out his hand to her to shake. “Steve Rogers, by the way.”
Toni looked up from the pillow and her best friend, a few tears falling from her eyes, but not necessarily from fear or sadness. “Thanks Jan, you’re the best.” Janet punched her lightly and smirked, promptly lightening the mood.
Tony smiled, just a tad dopily, in the middle of the busy, crowded airport just thinking about those letters with his hand tightly clenching the dog tags around his neck. Steve always had that effect on him, with all his sappiness and lovey-dovey words and promises. And for all of Tony’s big talk of how ridiculous and overly sappy he was and how he needed to stop being so sappy, he really loved it. Maybe it was because of the lack of love his family had showed him over the course of his life, but Steve had always found ways to get through Tony’s tough exterior and the walls he surrounded his heart with, even back when they had first met in grade school and especially after they had started dating in high school.
And with that Tony hung up, slammed the phone down on the coffee table and then sighed loudly and a bit shakily. Steve slowly walked up to the door and leaned against the doorframe, looking over at his fiancé worriedly. Only minutes earlier he has been relaxed and teasing him lightheartedly and now he looked to be on the verge of tears. He was sitting on the couch with his knees pulled up to his chest and arms wrapped around himself, looking down at his feet and his still ruffled hair hanging down in his face.
He took a breath and turned to his boyfriend with small smirk. “Well, ain’t that sweet of you, babe. I just might keep you around still, Rogers.” Steve smirked back and looked down at him.
He heard the others also getting out of the car, chatting amongst themselves and he heard Tony talk a little with the lady about the car, though she did not sound the least bit grateful for his ‘help’. Though in her defense he did sound a bit like a know-it-all, and very few adults that Bruce had met actually liked being shown up by a kid.
“Toni, would you like to… go out… on a date... with me?” He said it. He finally got it out. Hallelujah, he finally said it. At least it was finally out in the open. He was sweating like a pig and his face was probably beet red at this point, but at least he’d finally said it.
have it outside this sardine can, please?" Tony and Steve immediately started to move out of the car to allow Bruce to get out and the others weren't slow to follow. But the little box they were trapped in wasn’t much better. It was barely big enough to be qualified as a garage and it was only barely big enough to fit them all.
Janet had come running out of class the second it was over and practically dragged Toni back to their apartment, sat her down on her bed and squeeing at her to tell her everything. And if Toni wasn't so used to Janet and her tendency to be a bit much at times, or her talking a mile a minute or sometimes acting like a child in a woman's body (not that she had any room to complain about any of those things) she probably wouldn't have been so comfortable just sitting back against the headboard of the bed and start telling her about how she had gone to Steve's Starbucks to get a coffee and walked away with a date.
“Tony Stark, and yeah I know, I think I’ve seen you around there before. You hang out a lot with Natasha, don’t you?” Clint nodded and looked over his shoulder at her.
Thor was very easy to like. It seemed everyone on the team seemed to like Thor, almost impossible not to enjoy his company. There was just something in the way he talked and acted, with such a passion and genuine joy that it sometimes left Steve wondering if Thor was a God or a golden retriever that somehow had turned into a human. He was always enthusiastic about learning more about ‘Midgardian culture’ and took genuine interest in everything that he found, from video games to movies to Skype, so he could remain in contact with his ‘ Dearest Lady Jane’ while she was still working in New Mexico. And in all honesty, it felt good that there was someone else on the team who still had things to learn about this world, and not just Steve. It gave him someone to talk to about it and discuss new things with who understood.
Tony Stark who’d, despite Steve’s many attempts to make the stubborn bastard leave him alone to wallow in his own pain and anger and grief by his lonesome, refused to take no for an answer and stubbornly kept at it and eventually managed to break through Steve’s tough walls and sneak his way into his heart.
Steve glared at him, arms still folded over his chest and his eyebrows were furrowed. “Oh come on, Stark, she was just going to look for phone service, it can’t take too long. I give her an hour or so, an hour and a half at most.” Tony just shook his head and leaned back against a tree.
“I don’t know. But it looked to be connected to that steering thing, so I just… acted.” Tony snorted and Thor came up them, slapping them both hard on their backs, so hard that they almost fell to the ground again.
“Well, maybe you phone just has a bad reception.” He wiped his hands on his pants before taking out his own phone with a confident smirk. “My phone is the best of the best and has found reception everywhere.” Natasha glared at him and Steve looked at with annoyed eyes before rolling his eyes at him.
It took about a minute for them all to collect themselves and calm down before they slowly got back up on their feet and looked between each other. Tony and Clint looked at each other, very stunned and still breathing heavily before grinning widely to each other.
“Uh, hi.” Bucky looked up from his laptop and eyed the girl before turning back to his work. Steve swallowed again and walked up to her. “So, uh… can I get you anything?” The girl raised her eyebrow at him and smirked, amused.
“I’m happy with you too, Tony. And I always will be. And I’m so happy that you want to spend your life with me and that you still love me after all these years.” He gently pushed Tony away and brushed his hair out of his face, stroking his fingers over his cheek. “You’re the love of my life Tony. You always have been and you always will be. And no Howard Stark or other assholes will ever change that or make me go away. What we have is always going to be worth fighting for and I will never, ever, leave you or go away because some asshole says so or disapproves of us. Our bond is too strong to break over something like that.” He leaned forward, kissing his forehead, nose and cheek. “I promise.”
"I don't think so mom. I don't click with other people, not like Bucky does. He's really my only friend, you know that." His mom shook her head and smacked him lightly on the head.
“Oh, well, you know, my mom is a nurse and she told me that you could always lean your head back like this,” He gently placed a hand under Bruce’s chin and lifted it slightly, so his chin was tilted up and his nose was pointed up in the air. “And that it, you know, releases the airways and it might help you with your breathing a little.” Bruce smiled in thanks, closed his eyes again and kept breathing deeply.
“Hi honey! How was your night?” He looked away from the TV and at his husband, who was stilling standing by the elevator. But his smile wavered slightly when he saw how stiff Tony looked. He didn’t smile, he didn’t come over to the couch to kiss Steve and start a rant about how annoying rich people are. He just stood there, with a strange look on his face.
“Oh come on, he’s a piece of shit anyway, can’t I just punch him? It’s nothing less than he deserves!”
And sure, some of it was based on some kind of weird truth. He did act like an asshole while in school, he acted like he didn’t care about anything and joked about just about everything and he did act like a narcissist, but most of it was dialed up to eleven and people treated him like a bad guy from a movie or something.
Steve smirked and then crouched down a little, one arm around Tony’s shoulders, but when he tried to place his arm around the back of his knees, Tony stepped away and smiled.
Bruce folded his arms over his chest and eyed them carefully. “Yeah, assuming they work. And even if they do, I’d still be calmer calling my dad on Earth and not from some other planet or the other side of the galaxy.” Clint tilted his head at him, eyebrow slightly raised.
“Say no more, Toni, I’m on it like stripes on a wasp!” She jumped off the bed and ran towards the closet, ripping the doors open. Toni had a whole lot of clothes- probably more than she actually wore but hey, you never know- and it took a while before Janet started to talk again as she looked through her many dresses, jeans and nice shirts.
“So tell me, Blondie, do you spend your vacations saving people from drowning or am I just lucky?” Steve smirked back and put his hands in his sides.
"Maybe we've been drugged and kidnapped? Maybe they're looking for ransom for something?" Natasha rolled her eyes from her seat.
Smirking teasingly, Tony stood on his toes and pressed a kiss to his nose. “Well, I guess you’ve been rubbing off on me, babe. And it’s a travesty really, that my genius brain has been subjected to your stupidity for this long. I should really just return your ring and leave your vicinity immediately and find someone of equal intelligence as me. Which might be a very difficult task, but it’s probably better than staying with a blonde muscle idiot for the rest of my life.”
He walked over to Natasha and Clint- anything to be as far away from Stark as possible- and looked over the display. “Any luck opening the doors?” Clint shook his head and seemed to gotten bored with trying to open it, whereas Natasha was still trying to make sense of it.
“He’s just a little nauseous, I think. He’ll be okay.” Thor nodded and then started to look over the big control panel. It was covered with buttons, displays, levers and all kinds of blinking lights and big screen by the center chairs, almost like one from a small computer.
“Sure. Anything special you’re hungry for tonight?” Steve smiled and leaned forward, pressing a soft kiss to his fiancé’s nose before gently letting go and running his hand through his very ruffled hair.
Tony stared in awe over the set table, the food and wine, the lit candles and was at a loss for words. “Y-you… you made dinner? This is only dinner for two, what about the others?” Steve shrugged and turned Tony around so they were looking each other in the eyes.
And sure, he probably didn’t help any of this with his own attitude and acting like an asshole and like he had ego bigger than the sun and like he thought the universe revolved around him, plus rub his genius in people’s faces, but what was he supposed to do? There was no way he could change what people thought of him anyway and he couldn’t make those rumors go away, so if everyone was going to see him as an asshole and a slut, he might as well act the part. Because who cares? High school is nothing, he’d be gone in a few years, go to MIT and never look back at Shield high ever again, move on to become a great engineer and just put everything behind him.
Janet made a happy sound and when Toni looked back she saw her standing with a nice, red sleeveless dress that reached to the knees. It was simple yet nice and elegant enough to wear for a nice night out but not too outrageous or revealing or eye-catching as a lot of her other party clothes.
had been very quick to invite him to their house for the summer so they could spend some time together, as his parents were off to Tokyo for a business trip and would then fly to the Bahamas for a few weeks of vacation. And since Rhodey was going to spend his summer in LA with Carol and he didn’t want to spend his summer alone, he figured it’d be good to spend his summer vacation in this peaceful little village.
“No, no of course it’s up to you who you want to date or be friends with Toni, I am absolutely not trying to take that away from you. It’s your choice and no one else’s, but…” He trailed off and sighed. “I just… didn’t think you’d ever think want to date someone… someone like me. I don’t have much, I mean I barely get by as it is, but…”
But Steve just looked so earnest and smiled. “Just humor me Tony, will ya?” Tony rolled his eyes but did let Steve pull in the chair for him as he sat down, shaking his head with a smile on his face.
Toni sighed and put her spoon down. "I know. That's what scares me, Jan. I know how to handle guys who want me for my body or my money, but if this guy actually is interested and maybe asks for my number or a date… what do I do?"
Janet, I’m really scared. What if I’m wrong about him? What if he really turns out to be a total asshole just like so many others have? What if I let him in and let him see who I am deep down and then he hurts me? I can’t go through another Ty, Jan. I… I just can’t.”
“Hey, are you okay honey?” He asked him softly, just a bit above a whisper, but Tony still jerked a little and tightened his grip around himself and pulled his legs even closer to himself. He took a shaky breath and blinked hard but refused to look over at Steve.
“What the hell kind of road is this? There hasn’t been a car driving past here in five hours.” Natasha groaned and leaned back against the car, now having put on a sweatshirt as the temperature dropped and it got colder and colder.
good at talking to girls, before or after his growth spurt, when he'd gone from 5 foot 4 inches to 6 foot 1 inches and muscles started to pop up over his whole body. He turned around and saw Toni shamelessly staring at his ass, sipping at her latte and with a coy smirk.
The girl who walked in was breathtakingly beautiful. She had long, slightly curly dark hair that was tied into a ponytail, dressed in ripped black jeans, a Black Sabbath tank top and sneakers, with a bag slung over her shoulder. She had big brown eyes, tanned skin and her body was built like a goddess, strong, graceful and curvy in all the right places.
“How many times have I told you not to turn down my music while I work?” He muttered before he turned back to the boot was currently worked on. And Steve could clearly see he was getting tired, his posture was slightly slumped, he had bags under his eyes and stopped every other second to rub at his eyes. Still Steve shook his head, amused by his boyfriend’s grumpiness, and walked up to the table he was working at.
Sure, he’d been on cloud nine for several months now. Ever since he’d come home from Syria and he’d finally,
Tony chuckled and pressed a kiss on Steve’s throat before gently pulling away to get a better look of him. Steve tried to keep him close, gently trying to pull him back into his chest, but Tony eventually managed to pull back enough to get a good look of his boyfriend.
“I know I am! You’re damn lucky that I’m here to look after you and boost your ego when you’re being stupid, you big baby.” Toni chuckled and moved to wrap her arms around her again, resting her chin on Janet’s shoulder and Jan quickly reciprocated the gesture.
Bruce took a deep, shuddering breath, still looking very pale. “It looks like some sort of control room. Maybe we’re in some kind of… nuclear power plant or something?” Tony shrugged but also looked a bit more curious than the others.
He sighed and pulled his fingers through his hair. "Well, get well soon Buck. I have to get back to packing." Bucky gave him a 'good luck' before hanging up and Steve sat back up again. He looked over at the bags on the floor; one stuffed with clothes and other necessities for the next two months and his duffle bag where he had stuffed a few books, his headphones, sketchbook and pens and other stuff. He was pretty much done but everything in him was screaming at him to try and run away from this whole crazy idea.
Clint grinned and they high-fived each other. “I knew there was a reason I liked you Stark. You’ve got guts.” Tony smirked at him. Thor also grinned widely at them.
“Yeah, that was they called him at the shelter. But I figured I’d give you the chance to give him whatever name you wanted. Just ‘cause I like ya.” Steve smirked and then looked back at his puppy again. Just then, Sam threw the ball and it accidently ended up in Steve’s lap, so Dodger came flying at him and crashed his muzzle into his lap before grabbing the ball again and lifting his head up, panting heavily and then dropping the ball back in Steve’s lap. It was warm dripping droll with a dark spot forming on Steve’s pants. But he just laughed and scratched the dog behind the ear.
“How so, friend Tony? She said she would merely be gone for a short while.” Tony shook his head and smirked tiredly at him.
“Well, I can safely say that this is not what I was expecting when my mom signed me up for summer camp.” Bruce breathed heavily and looked up at the others, his face gravely serious.
Tony was so close to quaking in his boots. He couldn’t help it; Ty had always had that kind of grip over him. No matter how tough he was or tried to act, he could never really stand up to Ty. Hammer, sure! Killian, probably. But not Ty.
“You okay?” Bruce looked up and saw Natasha stand beside him, hand on her hip and head slightly tilted, her mouth very slightly quirked. He smiled weakly and sat up a bit straighter.
Steve suddenly seemed to deflate a little and moved to turn away from her. He looked kinda like a dog with its tail between its legs, and Toni suddenly realized how long she had been standing there with out giving him an answer, so she lunged forward and grabbed his wrist and pulled him back to her before she could stop and overthink the whole thing again. She tried to smile as sweetly as she could and she felt she had a few tears forming in her eyes and fall down her cheeks.
His mother stroke his hair back softly with a gentle smile. "Your father and I have been talking about what you should be doing this summer, and since you've done so well with your classes and didn't even cause a lab fire this year-" Tony rolled his eyes and resisted the urge to groan. Seriously, you accidently set a
Everyone was silent for what felt like forever, just staring out the window at the slowly spinning planet. It was Natasha who eventually found her voice, but it was uncharacteristically weak and soft for her. “Are you guys seeing what I’m seeing?” Her voice was barely above a whisper, but it sounded about as loud as a yell in the silence of the room.
"Obviously, men always end up drooling over me, Jan. My tits and ass enough are reasons to make them stare, and that's before they realize I'm loaded and a genius to boot." Janet shook her head and took a spoonful for herself.
Tony was the best thing that had ever happened to him and he’d be damned if he ever let himself forget it.
He then smiled more genuinely and stroke his wet hair out of his face. “Well, I guess I owe you a thank you for saving my life just now.”
“Hopefully it will help improve your behavior for the next Fall.” His father had said before sending him up to his room to pack. His mother had tried to talk to him and calm him down a little, which had only worked a little. She had tried to tell him that it might be good for him to make some friends and get away from his father for a while.
Clint looked up from the bag and turned to her. "Do you think they'll have archery at that camp, Nat? It would be one thing that might make this whole stupid thing a bit better." She looked up from her nails for a split second before looking back at them.
“Toni!” He heard Sam mutter from behind him “tried to tell you, man,” and he cleared his throat and licked his lips, wrecking his brain to come up with some to weasel out of the sticky situation he’d wound up in. “Um… How long have you been standing there?”
“In your dreams, Barton! You gotta work hard to look as good as me.” That was only slightly a joke, since Tony knew that he wasn’t a knockout, with his pimples that always refused to go away entirely and the fact that his muscles still refused to appear. But he had very nice, thick hair and while it often refused to look like anything other than the worst of untamable bedheads, big eyes- and yes he had big bulky glasses over them, but still- and nothing on his face looked bad or ugly. But Clint did have better hair with a nice shade of sandy blonde and with an actual hairstyle and puberty had clearly started to take effect on him. He had started to fill out with muscles, he was an inch or so taller than Tony and rarely had pimples.
Steve was coming in through the gates, running as fast as he could with all the people around him, more or less shoving people aside when he couldn’t run around them. He was looking around the airport, clearly looking for someone; his face was a mix of eager impatience and held back anticipation.
“Okay seriously, what’s with all the attention? Where did this come from?” Steve raised eyebrow, looking amused.
Steve looked after her as she left the room and then back down at his bags and sighed heavily. Oh well, he was almost done now anyway so he might as well finish packing the stupid bags and prepare for being driven to that stupid camp in that stupid taxi that would come tomorrow. And sure, it might be a torturous summer but his mom was right about one thing.
“Well, I guess we’d better get comfortable here, we could be here for a while.” Thor looked at him, confused and head tilted to the side.
“No, it’s no good. It looks like whoever brought us here didn’t want us to go exploring in any other rooms.”
"Toni! Um… How long have you been standing there?" He looked very nervous and a bit distressed. Toni rested her elbows on the counter and rested most of her weight on it, looking Steve straight in the eyes.
“Let the man choose for himself! We have all made our decisions on our own, let him make his.” He then turned to smile gently at Bruce. “Take your time my friend, there is no rush.” Bruce smiled gratefully at him before turning back to the buttons and took a shaky breath.
“Hm, perhaps it is here we can locate the means to leave this room?” He mumbled to himself and sat down in one of the chairs, scanning over the buttons and levers, but Natasha smacked his hand before he could press anything.
"Yeah, sure, I can do that." He pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek before gently pulling away from the embrace and walked back to the fridge and poured a tall glass of milk before placing both it and the milk carton on the table in front of Steve. He stroked back his hair and kissed it. "Now eat your dinner already, before you faint from hunger pains."
Aldrich shoved his way up to Ty’s side and sneered down at Tony, almost as predatory as Ty did. “Hey, Stone, if you’re gonna have some fun with him, you have to share!” He leaned down to be on eye level with Tony. “You’d like that wouldn’t you, you little whore? You’d just love to have a strong man’s hands all over you, wouldn’t you?”
“Oh, what a relief. Now I won’t have to cry myself to sleep at night and worry about you leaving me.” Tony smacked him on the shoulder, prompting Steve to laugh, and then grabbed his arm and led him to the table.
“It sure does look like that, doesn’t it? But this looks like you have different programs on it. Maybe it has more than one function?” Tony shrugged with a wry smirk.
Steve smiled affectionately, placed his arm around Tony and rested his head against Tony’s. “And I love you too, sweetheart. And no Tiberius Stone can ever change that, I hope you realize that.” Tony huffed a very small laugh but nuzzled his face further into his shoulder and neck and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, holding him tight.
Tony looked up at him, looking more like a puppy than before, and swallowed unsurely. “So… you’re not mad?” Steve gently smiled, placed a hand under Tony’s chin and lifted his face slightly, placing another kiss on his lips.
“Are you talking back to us? Listen Banner, there’s one thing you need to learn here; when we tell you to do something, you damn well do it. You think you’re better than us, because you’re a fucking nerd-“ He was cut off as someone ‘bumped’ into him and he in turn tripped into Ross.
Steve just shook his head at him, kissed his forehead and ruffled his hair playful, laughing at Tony when he tried to bat his hands away. “Sure it didn’t, babe.” Then he gently grabbed Tony’s shirt and pulled it off before throwing it on the floor. Then he got up and kneeled down by Tony’s feet and pulled one shoe, and then the other, slowly, and with a very suggestive grin on his face. Tony narrowed his eyes at him, looked away and folded his arms over his chest.
“If you take the next right, we should be at a farm...if this map is correct that is” Natasha reads off to Steve. Who’s starting to grow weary at driving, the sun would be setting soon. They hope, if anyone still lives here, that they can stay. If not, well lets hope its not over run and they can still stay!
Tree roots and brambles snag at his clothes and see to conspire against him as he makes his way through the thick undergrowth. Just a bit further! Gritting his teeth he shoves branches out of his way jumping over a log, only to stop short at the barricade of spikes that are stuck in the ground.
It was dark out and Steve and Bucky had just come back with the rest of the group that had been waiting by the cars as planned. In front of Tony lay an assortment of chemicals and items that he had grabbed during the supply runs. Humming idly to himself, he had started to assemble makeshift weapons from the bits and bobs that he had collected, unwilling to be useless for much longer. As Rhodey would say, once an engineer always an engineer.
“We take the East road we should be able to get out of the city, head to the country side. Look for a farm maybe?” Natasha chips in after thanking Bruce for wrapping her wrist. Thankfully its only sprained, “It would be the safest place for us if most Deados are in the cities” Nodding, Clint stands by her holding a tattered backpack holding some supplies and hands her hers.
Tony had curled over Peter’s body protectively in the boot that he had crawled into with Bruce, leaving the back seats for Natasha and Clint.  Once sure they have gotten off the farm grounds and away from the farm he sits up checking Peter over in the dim light.
“-so I told her, not to put so much rice in the pot, but she did anyway and went off to fix the perimeter while the rest of us was collecting water and such. When she came back the rice had expanded so much that there was a tower of rice coming out of the pot! The lid on top.”
After a mall bit of hesitation Wade slips off the hoody and hands it over keeping his face down, still nervous about showing his skin. Yawning, Peter crawls into a comfy position before reaching up and tugging Wade to come into the bed. Due to the limited amount of beds, the two kids are sharing one with Tony on the beanbag in the room. No way was he going to brave two young kids and their flailing limbs.
“Just go! Get out of here Nat!” Struggling up , Clint aims between the back of the truck and the camper up at the roof and shoots with his own gun at the person on it. Due to his arm shaking from the pain, he misses and the person manages to duck out of the way.
“I...please don’t freak out when I tell you or loose your temper? I need you to promise me that Steve...”
It’s been an hour into their wait and they’ve seen Sam and Steve go to 3 other stores on this street in that time, bags looking fuller each time they see them. Nat is sat in the drivers seat, waiting and ready to go while Clint stands at the rear, keeping watch in Nat’s blind spot. Eyes focused on the surrounding buildings and cars for anyone hiding or well trying to hide from them.
Bruce raises his hands in a non-threatening manner and steps a bit closer, “Tony, its us? Surely you’re not so cruel to kick us out? It’s dangerous out there “ he nods to the darkening sky, “it’s dark now...please? let us stay the night at least?” He looks at him imploringly. He’s shocked when Tony snorts mockingly.
“Is Wade ok?!” Peter’s voice cuts over everyone else’s as he impatiently strains against Bucky’s arms, his head craning to the side as if that would help him see around the door. Grinning, Bruce pushes the door to make it swing open instead of answering. Stood there in his usually jeans and hoodie was Wade, looking as healthy as he did the day before the bite; not a single hint of any sign that he was liable to turn into a Deado.
Twitching his nose, it started to tickle. The tickling getting more intense as the urge to sneeze made itself known. He couldn’t do anything about it either! He had to stay still and pray the urge past. Twitching his nose to try and get rid of the feeling, Tony could feel dread sit in his stomach like a rock.
“We can help protect you, take turns keeping watch?” Natasha speaks quietly, calmly like you would a startled animal. With a harsh laugh Tony looks at them as though he can’t believe what their saying. “Protect me? Please don’t kid yourselves. I Don’t want back stabbers around thanks” his voice lowers to a growl “just go, I don’t want a fight in front of peter but I will if I have to...”
As careful as he can, Steve pulled a blanket he had been using as a pillow, over Peter’s smaller frame to keep him warm. Around them everyone else had gone to sleep, Steve claimed the last watch, there was no way he could sleep now- besides, his watch would have been soon anyway.
“Tony?!” Lowering his gun and shield Steve can’t help but stare at Tony. The only sub their group had who Fury had kicked out of the group after the invasion led by Loki. Post Battle Tony’s pheromone covers had worn off and Natasha reported back that Tony, who everyone had thought to be a dom. Was actually a sub...It caused a massive rift in the group, they had all come to like Tony, he and Tony had even shared a small passion filled moment. It had hurt them to find out they had been lied to. Fury, in light of this had decided to inform others. It had gone from there, Stark had lost his company to Pepper who had tried to help him but Tony had asked her not to. He wanted someone he trusted to run SI.
“What?! No! No oh god, no baby boy you didn’t do anything wrong. It’s just, well, daddy and them didn’t get along to well back when I was an avenger” He forgot how perceptive kids could be. Damnit, he couldn’t have Peter think anything was his fault! Pulling his son into a cuddle, sitting down he smooth’s out the messy brown locks that greatly resembles Tony’s own birds nest for hair.
Sat on the patio slabs though, Tony is reading to the boys an old book they had found in the sunroom, remnants of food set down around them as the two kids with a snoozing puppy listens contently to Tony. Despite working a bit away from the cosy trio, The Dom’s themselves were listening in with half an ear to the pirate story; Treasure Planet.
“Clint, run back. Warn the others, especially Tony and Buck, their outside right now. Get them all into a house and stay hidden. Me and Nat will go around to the car. Go now!” Hissing his orders, outside sound can travel, especially as there’s no other sounds to drown their voices out.
Hissing between his teeth as he shifted, Clint rubs at his face tiredly as his body is using all his energy to try and heal faster, his fatigue made worse by the lack of nutrition from being on the run. He s going to need as much rest as possible to heal fast.
The sun was now starting to steadily rise over the horizon, soon he would wake the others up and bring up his thoughts on the lightning. Perhaps Bucky would also head in that direction. He’s smart and would most possibly come to the same conclusion as he did about the lightning. It would certainly be safer for Bucky to seek Thor and search with him rather than look for the group alone.
“Please Tony, I know you could help us. However I’d..we would all feel better if you went to Asgard with the kids to be safe. The Deado’s are more attracted to your scent than ours. You’re in more danger than us.” Steve implored, practically begging the Sub to listen. He and Bucky just wanted Tony and the kid safe. Away from this waking hell. However, they both also knew Tony would not take this idea well.
“Wait, you know this group that attacked us? Who are they and why would they attack us?” Bewildered, Natasha plants her feet in a aggressive stance, she want answers now and by god she’s going to get them.
“Tell me everything you know, this group is going regret taking Steve from us once I’m done with them”
Eventually, they make it to the town they wanted. They stop short, hanging back in the trees bushes to look in on the town from up a hill. Down below Clint and Bucky and Loki scan the town. The rest are in the vehicles in case they need a quick getaway. Down below in the small town, the trio can’t yet see any Deado’ but the can hear them. Bucky managed to pinpoint the sounds mostly coming from the west side of the town. Going by the sound of the groans and growls, it’s a fairly large group.
“Oh. Is everything going to be ok?” Looking down into Peter’s eyes, Tony could still see the absolute innocence and naiveté in them. He wishes he would keep Peter away from the real world. So that he never has to be scared or at the threat of going hungry. But he knows, all to soon they will have to go out there eventually. Peter seems more advanced in some areas but he’s still just a young kid.
Feeling eyes on him, Tony looked him with a small frown to see that it’s Steve, looking at him like he badly wants to say something, but isn’t sure if he should or can. After a few moments watching the struggle on the blondes face, sighing Tony clicks his fingers to get Steve’s attention fully.
Laughing at the archer, the group all seem to agree on his plan, Bruce even chipping in that he knows where most are. If they can find a map to mark them down.
“I say, think it over carefully, is this guy the type to help? Or would he leave you and Peter to struggle despite knowing? Is he someone you can rely on to protect Peter with his life should it come to it? Think this over very carefully. I wish I could give you better advice...but thats all I can give you”
“Hey Brucie, rough few days?” Whispering, Tony grins a bit as he nudges his old science buddy. Humming, Bruce glances at Tony before turning his curious gaze onto Wade, the scientist was intrigued as well as baffled by the boy.
Waving a hand dismissively, Tony grabs his toolkit and motions for Bucky to sit on the bed so he can finally look the arm over.
First was the trusting relief at having found something one of their group apparently needed. Then came the surprise quickly followed by a look that was just pure resignation but humour, behind Steve, Bucky could hear Tony snort in laughter as Steve swore loudly.
Putting his makeshift gauntlets down, Tony makes his way over to the bed and sits carefully on the edge smiling at them. “Having fun guys?”
“Ok!” Chirping happily he opens the book and Starts reading the book aloud to Clint, who makes sure to give Nat a withering look. Ignoring him, she takes the whistling kettle off the hob to pour out drinks and handing them out. Handing Steve his she leans against the counter whispering to him.
“Yeah kiddo, they’re all gone now, Thor got to us in time” Grinning he helps the kid out of the car.
On cue, very familiar shield flies over, taking out two of the remaining 8 deado’s; an 6”2 of pure angry muscle yells out in rage. Two large feet, that have the same effect as a truck slamming into you, plow into another’s face. Clint barely has enough time to catch his bow and quiver of arrows that are flung at him by an irate widow. Deadly and swift, Natasha darts around Steve and jumps at another sinking a knife into its head.
In the back garden of the mansion, Thor and Loki are slowly constructing another fence with Bucky’s help that’s closer to the mansion that they can see. A second line of defense, as the first wall is so far back and hidden by trees it’s impossible to patrol the perimeter properly and see from inside the actual mansion.
“Seriously? That’s all that’s on your mind right now?” Steve asked Bucky Incredulously, peeking over his shoulder at Bucky before turning to face forward again.
“I know it’s late, and we all would rather be in bed right now; resting after such a busy day. However something has come up. Something we all need to talk and be present for, Sam show them what you found”
“Oh, just go already you big jerk! I don’t want you to reek of sweat when we sit down to watch movies and have dinner.” Steve just laughed and bowed exaggeratedly and playfully at Tony, a big smile spreading over his face.
Clint rolled his eyes and gagged behind them. “Ugh, come on guys, if you’re gonna be all gross like that can you at least go to the bedroom?” Tony just flipped him off without looking away from Steve, pressing a kiss to his nose.
or some other crap like that that belonged somewhere back in the 1940's, and Steve had moved to intervene only for Toni to lay into him, how he had inferior grades compared to hers, how his inventions always malfunctioned or were bad copies of hers and how his father's company was on the verge of collapse while Stark Industries was thriving and making billions every year. And when he still refused to leave her alone and tried to put his hands on her, she had pulled off one of her very high and sharp heels and placed it against his throat, threatening to castrate him with it if he didn't leave yesterday.
So in the end, he was torn over what to answer Steve, so he just shrugged and nodded weakly. “Yeah, I guess. I mean, I know it’s dangerous and all, but…” He shrugged again and looked away from Natasha and Steve’s prying looks. “I don’t know.”
And with that, Rumlow finally let him go and Schmidt dropped the sketchbook on the table and they left. Steve stared after them and panted heavily and angrily at their backs as they left and rubbed his aching arms. He wanted to run after them and give them a piece of his mind, but he also really wanted to get through today without causing a fight. He didn’t want to come home to his mother and say he got into
“What, you’re gonna ditch us here? Without any means of getting back or calling for help?” Steve got from where he had been leaning against the car and walked a few steps towards her too.
idiot. And you’re the one in a relationship with me, have stayed with me since were fifteen and have said yes to marry me. So what does that say about you, mister?”
“What do you mean, Stark? You said it was a race and I won fair and square. What’s the problem?” Tony’s eyes narrowed even further and folded his arms over his chest, pouting in that way that Steve found so adorable.
“Well no, I was thinking of something else, actually. I mean, school will be over soon and your friends will be going away for a few weeks, aren’t they?” He leaned in a little closer. “If you want I could help keeping you
“Well then, Tony, could I maybe treat you to some Gelato? As an apology for pushing you into the water.” Tony smirked at him and a small laugh escaped his lips.
Toni took the dress, pulled it on and let Janet help her with the zipper in the back before pulling on her heels and putting on the necklace and earrings before also looking into her jewelry box and grabbed a big silver ring that she slid on her finger. If Steve did get handsy or try to do things without her consent, she’d like to at least be able to split his lip as well as stab him with her heels. Just in case.
“It’s all subconscious.” Natasha had said once, rolling her eyes as Tony once again evaded their concern for him and disappeared down into his workshop with a refilled coffee cup. “He’s been working hard to get approval from other people all his life, he probably thinks he still needs to do it.” She shook her head and sighed tiredly. “идиот.” Her voice was tired and frustrated, but also had very soft hints of fondness in there.
“Thank God, it finally happened!” Sam groaned from his seat, and Steve probably would have felt bad for kinda forgetting he was still there, but he was way too wrapped up in ‘Toni Stark wants to go on a date with me!’ to real care in the moment. “I can’t believe she practically had to make you ask her out, you’re such a wussy Rogers.”
Steve huffed a wet laugh and pressed his cheek against Tony’s head, his arms tightening around him so much that it kinda hurt and made it a little hard to breathe. But again, whatever, Tony could take it. He and Steve hadn’t seen each other for several months; he would take all the attention and love Steve had to give him.
Bruce looked over at Tony and eyed him carefully. While Tony did sometimes get lumped together with the nerds, he didn’t really look it. Sure, he had those glasses that didn’t look the best and he always had at least a few zits on his face, plus being very skinny and short. But he had really good clothes, well-styled hair and managed to look good, if a little awkward in certain clothes sometimes, like he didn’t fill them properly. But he was clearly going to be a really good-looking guy once puberty had settled a little and he always did much better in gym class than Bruce ever did, so he at least had that going for him.
She took a deep breath, walked up to the counter and said, loud and clear. "Maybe you should ask her about that?"
So he just hugged Tony as tightly as he could, gently shushing him, placing kisses everywhere he could reach and placed one hand in his hair, stroking it in the way he knew Tony loved and calmed him when he was upset. He had made jokes in the past that Tony was like a cat, loving to be petted and pampered by everyone and Tony had acted insulted and smacked Steve on the arm in mock-outrage, though there had been a little smirk on his face regardless. But at times like these, Steve was happy that it really helped calm him down when he was this upset. So he kept stroking his husband’s hair, hugged him tightly to this chest with the other arm and talked softly to him, words that meant nothing but were meant to be soothing and help him calm down.
Tony picked up one of the small devices and looked it over carefully, very intrigued and very curious, Bruce leaning over Clint’s shoulder to get a good look at it as well before picking one of his own.
“No, no I’m fine, thanks. I’m just a little dizzy. This room feels really confined and I don’t really like that too much. It was bad enough inside that car or the box we were in before.” He tried to sound normal, but was voice was rather weak and it cracked a little and Steve’s eyes widened slightly before kneeling down beside him with a soft smile.
“Don’t ever do that again!” She snapped and raised her hand threateningly. “Or you’ll be very sorry.” Rumlow was quiet, but nodded and he turned tail and almost ran the other way with his friends right behind him.
Because Tony had always been there for him, just as he’d always been there for him. Even way back in kindergarten when he was little squirt with no muscle mass and shorter than all the other kids in their class and was hotheaded, brash and more than ready to tell any one off for being a bully and even raise his fists when he felt he had too. Tony had been there to help him to the nurse or even take care of a few wounds himself as they got older. And he’d also try to help out in a few fights and get bullies to back off, because while Tony was compact and didn’t look very muscular he was scrappy as hell and never backed down. They had that in common, even after Steve hit his growth spurt and got all his muscles.
Steve laughed fondly and gently stroke his hand through Tony’s hair, pressing a light kiss to his temple. “Oh? Well, I guess I’ll have to change your mind then. How about I buy us some dinner, you pick a movie and we’ll have a nice long night together. And over the weekend, we’ll have some fun. You choose what we do, for the whole weekend, no work or anything like that. Just you and me, what do you say?”
The voice was calm and collected, though there was a subtle undertone of fear in there too. He felt himself being pulled in one direction; one of the arms that held him let go of him while the other one held him steady. Tony started to relax and had stopped kicking and flailing, though he was still blinded and his eyes stung. And he jumped slightly when he felt his savior grab him in a rougher kind of bridal carry, but he barely had time to react before the guy heaved him up and onto the dock again.
Words suddenly failed him and he just stood there and stared at Toni. She stared right back at him, eyes wide and her mouth slightly open. His courage failed him and he made to turn back, save face while he still could and maybe hide in the employee bathroom and cry for a bit, when he felt a hand on his wrist, tugging him. Toni pulled him closer, until he was standing as close to her as he could, with only the counter separating them.
“Are you gonna stand there forever? You’re blocking the entrance.” Her words weren’t much, but her voice was ice cold, daring them to talk back to her or say anything at all that wasn’t ‘No’ or ‘sorry’ before moving out of the way.
"Well, I guess I'll just have to guess, so… Is it Tony?" Tony laughed and removed his hands from Steve's face and he smiled down at him, wrappings his arms around Steve's chest from behind, resting his chin on his shoulder.
“What’s his name?” He asked and smiled as the puppy licked his hand and smiled his doggy smile at him. Tony just smiled at Steve and bumped him in the shoulder with his own.
“There’s no signal here, guys. I can’t call for another taxi or a tow truck.” Tony looked up from where he was working with the engine and smirked at her.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard that before. But I’m almost done with the repulsor on this boot, and after that I only have-“ Steve rolled his eyes again, a fond smirk forming over his lips and looked at his boyfriend, head tilted slightly to the left and resting his hands on his hips. He chuckles.
“One of these days I am going to prove to the world that Captain America is a dirty little shit, see if I don’t, you jerk.” Steve just smiled and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist.
“I know my degree doesn’t count for much. There’s limited jobs for people with an Art’s Degree and I don’t have much as it is. I have absolutely nothing to offer you that is up to the standards that you are used to, but if you let me, I’ll do everything I can make sure to treat you to everything I can, especially after everything I’ve put you through with my tours and work in the army. Not to mention how your asshole father has treated you throughout your life. You deserve to be treated like a king and I’ll dedicate my life to make sure you get everything you deserve.”
“Wow.” Steve said under his breath as she came up to the counter and sat down beside Bucky, putting her bag down by her feet and resting her arms on the counter.
Natasha stepped up, just as composed and in control of herself as always and looked over at the others with a slightly raised eyebrow. “Well, if no one else here is going to be the responsible one here and make sure no one gets hurt or does anything stupid, I guess I’ll have too. I say no.” The buzzing noise filled the room again she pressed the button before calmly walking over to Steve’s side, arms folded over her chest and leaning on her leg.
As if it wasn’t enough being painted up as The All-American Hero who always fought for the underdog and sacrificed his life for his country, he also needed to be born on the freaking Independence Day.
Schmidt motioned at Rumlow and he made Steve lean forward so he was bent over, and Schmidt gripped his jaw, tightly. “Yes, he is right about that. And you know why that is? Because you can act like you’re above everyone here all you want, and like you’re too good to hang out with anyone here. But you know that you’re on the same level as the freaks and the nerds!” He made Steve turn his head towards a few other tables. The first table he was forced to look at was one with the kids that were seen as strange or unable to get boxed into another click, and he saw Wanda and Pietro Maximoff, Loki Odinson and of course Natasha and her adopted brother Clint Barton sit, eating and talking amongst themselves.
Bruce sighed and leaned his head back against the metal and ran a hand through his curly brown hair. As if it wasn’t hard enough to breathe in this enclosed space with so small windows and everything, the pressure of coming to a decision under such a short amount of time didn’t make it any easier to breathe.
’ and asking if the mission went well, but was too tired to respond. He was stiff and sore from the mission SHIELD had sent him and Natasha on for the last few days and he would probably feel better if he took a hot shower and rested for a bit, but he felt too tired to.
“I saw him at a thrift store the other day. He came out of there with two bags of hoodies like that.” Bruce didn’t say anything in response. He knew he didn’t have a lot of clothes and wore a lot of the same stuff every day and that he looked really unkempt, with his shaggy hair and slightly big and dirty clothes and the tattered bag he had slung over his shoulder. But living with only one parent, who didn’t make a lot of money, was kinda testing on your bank account.
Steve just ignored him and went back to his drawing when he heard the bell above the door chime as the door opened so he straightened up to greet the customer and-
Steve scrunched his nose, both confused and annoyed. “What? Quinoa, that can’t be a thing, right?” Tony laughed a little and shook his head at his fiancé. Sometimes he wondered how he’d managed to become engaged to such an adorable idiot, but then re-read that thought and then he remembered.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter and please leave kudos, bookmark and leave your thoughts in the comments. I would also really appreciate it if you subscribed too! Thank you for reading!
Then he got an idea and a smile spread over his face. “Well if you wanna get warm, we could always go and get a coffee.” That got Tony’s attention and he perked up a little. “We’re not too far away from the closest coffeehouse. We could go and stay there until it stops raining. At least we would be warm there.”
Because wasn't that the clincher? It had taken a few times of talking to her before the penny had finally dropped and he realized that she was a Howard Stark's only child and was not only rich, a genius and powerful but also the heiress to Stark Industries throne.
“Yeah, yeah just go already! We only have two hours before your date, you need to hurry!” Toni rolled her eyes again, but grabbed her bathrobe and got into the bathroom to take a quick shower and fresh herself up, blow-drying her hair and even painting her nails red to match her dress, because why not? When she got back to her room Janet had chosen a pair of heels, a pair of big silver earrings and matching necklace while also having taken out Toni’s makeup kit, brushes, tools, lipsticks and mascaras at the ready.
etc. Though in retrospect Steve thought that Howard was probably worried and concerned that Steve would try to out him as a child abuser and reveal how the Stark family looked behind closed doors, which Steve gladly would have done if he hadn’t worried that Tony would be put in the system and taken away from him after Child Protective Services got involved. Which he couldn’t afford, because what if it didn’t help and he just ended up some place worse?
But Clint just smirked at him tilting his head at Steve. “Oh, so you wanted to go here? Tell me, what made you jump at the chance to go to Camp Delight for the summer?” Steve flushed a bright red and looked down at his sketchbook.
And despite everything, there was a very tiny, insecure part of Steve that felt relieved at Tony’s words because it was still confounded him why he had settled for someone like him. Despite how many times Tony had told him that he loved him and he was happy to be his and didn’t care how much money they had or how small their apartment was. He was happy and didn’t need anything else but Steve and the rest was irrelevant.
“So… we’re actually in space? Like, actually for real, we’re in outer fucking space?” Up till this moment no one had heard Bruce swear, which somehow made the situation feel more real. As if everything wasn’t just a practical joke from some TV Show or something.
Tony smiled teasingly and bumped his shoulder against Steve’s arm. “Well, I guess that’s a good start.”
“Shit, I have to go. I’m already late to meet up with a friend.” She dug into her bag and placed a few bills on the counter and drank the remaining latte in the mug before grabbing he croissant. She smiled at him and winked. “See you around, Rogers.” Then she turned around and left the room shop.
Bucky had texted him and said he wouldn’t come to school today, which meant Steve was alone to fend off other kids as he tried to survive the last day. Again, not the easiest thing to do, considering he had no other friends to talk to or any other way to pass the time.
He walked up to one of the small-now open- windows and looked out over the stars and dark space. And despite all of his fears and anxiety, seeing all of this vast space, all these stars and Planet Earth was still so mind-blowing. And the idea of seeing more… of seeing so much more that could be out there.
She looked at him with a soft smile and a few tears in her face. “What if I would like that? What if I like that ‘scrappy kid from Brooklyn?’ What if I want to be more than friends?” She took the hand she was still holding and clutched it in both hands. “What if I would like to give him a chance to sweep me off my feet?”
“Maybe not for you super soldier folk, but us mere mortals don’t have bodies like furnaces that keep us warm no matter where we are.” He grumbled and sat down on a bench. “I am
“7pm, Rogers. Don’t be late.” Then she waved goodbye at Sam and left the Starbucks without another word.
Clint groaned again and shoved his spare hearing aids into bag. "Fucking hell, why did we agree to this Nat? I hate camps, you hate camps so why are we going at all?"
Steve raised an eyebrow back at his friend. “Are you kidding me right now? Do you know who she is? Antonia Elizabeth Stark, daughter of Howard Stark? Billionaire, genius and CEO of one of the most successful Tech conglomerates in the world? And she is clearly gonna take over that one day and revolutionize the world one day with her own genius.” He looked Sam right in the eyes and suddenly felt like a dog left out in the rain.
Thor gritted his teeth and snatched the animal out of Loki’s hands and putting it back on his bed. “I do not force you to-“ Then he stopped as he remembered that he had, in fact, dragged Loki away to a lot of activities that he had wanted to do. Many football games, concerts and activities in Central Park, but not so many things that Loki had wanted to do.
His voice was a little hoarse when he finally pulled away. “I love you so much, Tony.” He looked over at the puppy, which was running around them with the tail wagging like crazy. “And I love him. He’s perfect. Aren’t you boy?” The puppy turned to him when Steve addressed him and tried to pounce on him, his paws on his shoulders and licking him again.
“Nice moves, Stark!” Clint raised his hand for Tony to smack, which Tony quickly responded with a hard smack.
Oh yeah, because she totally needed Clint to survive the day like some kind of bodyguard. Sure, they looked out for each other, always had and always would. But more often than not,
"That sounds great." Though to be fair he could probably eat just about anything at this point, he was just that hungry. Tony chuckled and took out a big plastic container from the fridge and put it in the microwave to heat it up, got a plate out of the cupboard and utensils from one of drawers and put it all in front of Steve. When the food was hot he placed the whole container on the table in front of his husband.
The woman started to drive again and they made their way out of the city and eventually made their way onto a thin road, driving further and further into a forest. There was complete silence in the car, aside from some low rock music from the radio.
He chided himself, though it took almost herculean effort to push the thoughts of revenge and retribution and hatred into the back of his mind so he could put all his focus on making sure Tony was okay.
“I didn’t touch anything, I just sat down!” But before anyone could start asking more questions, the covers over the big window started to move and opened up, revealing-
Steve smiled down at him with such adoration and unquestionable love that it made Tony’s stomach drop and his heart stutter and he almost teared up again. He gently let go of Tony’s wrists and reached out one hand towards Tony’s face, gently stroking his knuckles over his cheek and wiping a tear away with his thumb.
Okay, I am going to be honest with you guys, this was very hard to write because it was basically the same as last chapter, only a slower and basically went through the same scenario over and over again, but I think I finally got it well enough.
"I know, Bucky just called me. He said he won't come to camp with me." His mom's smile turned pitying and she came into the room and sat down beside him, stroking his hair.
It had been like that since she had first hit puberty and started to become less of a girl and more of a woman, as she got big tits and a curvy enough body to attract all of the attention from every guy in school, and the girls hated her for that. And guys were terrified because they thought she was bringing weapons and guns to school (because Russian) and would jump at the chance to kill any American she could.
Tony sighed deeply and leaned back against the back of the couch, looking up at the ceiling and letting his arms drop to his side. He also tried to make his face look neutral and nonchalant, but it was clear that he was hurt and fighting off tears.
“U-uh…” He swallowed and backed away a little, but Natasha just followed him and stayed very close to him. “N-no, I… I was just…” She narrowed her eyes at and him stared him down.
He felt a gentle hand on his shoulder. “Hey, are you sick?” He cracked one eye open and saw Steve stand over him, looking very concerned. He tried to smile, but it looked a bit more like a grimace and took another deep breath.
“Nah, it’s just something I like to do to guys I don’t like. I like to hear their screams of pain and agony then my arrow penetrates their target.” Rumlow didn’t blush this time but there were some people that laughed around him. He just smirked wider.
“Oh fuck off, Steve! I have work to do, let me go!” Steve hummed and pursed his lips, pretending to think about it before smirking mischievously.
He adjusted the bag straps over his shoulders, took a deep breath and started to walk towards the school, hoping he could disappear in the crowd.
Well that, and the fact that Steve Rogers was a loving, caring and sweet guy, not to mention inhumanly handsome, but whatever.
“Well, if you’re so hurt I guess I’ll just have to eat all alone then.” But before he could pull out his own chair, Steve was there and pulled it out for him, making Tony stop and look at him with raised eyebrow. “Really?”
“Dork.” Steve smirked, leaned down to kiss him on the cheek and then sat down in his own chair on the opposite side from Tony and gestured to the plates with food.
But it also scared her so much that she eventually had to make up an excuse about meeting up with a friend so she could get out of there before it went too far. Yes, she was a coward and a liar, but she just couldn't handle the situation.
“You are not a nice person.” Steve chuckled and sat down beside him on the bed. He pressed a kiss to his temple and put an arm around his shoulders, pulling him close despite how Tony tried to pull away. Not very successfully, seeing how Steve was a super solider and was much stronger than an average man.
And that’s not even mentioning his claustrophobia and the idea of being trapped in this ship for who knows how long and being able to go somewhere else or being able to breathe some fresh air when he needed it.
“NO!” Steve almost yelled and had to take a deep breath so he wouldn’t cause a scene in the middle of a Starbucks. He might end up fired if he acted too crazy in here while still working. “No, of course not Toni, you’re not swallow, you’re amazing! You’re smart a-and funny and brave and-”
“Ooh, you drew anything good, Rogers?” Steve flew up from his seat and went to take it back, when Rumlow quickly passed it to Schmidt, who also started to look through it, his smirk widening as he flicked from page to page.
But he knew who Stark was and though he had never actually talked to him, he had a very strong dislike for the guy. He was loud and obnoxious and inappropriate and a total asshole to everyone, making jokes out of everything and got in everyone’s faces about being a genius and seemed to think the world revolved around him.
“Yeah? Why thank you, Mr. Rogers. Nice to know you appreciate the view.” He laughed back before she leaned back a little and checked the time on her phone. She groaned and started to get up from her seat.
“We can’t go through that whole fucking book in less than a minute! There’s just no time, we need to act!” He flew over to Tony’s other side and looked over the joystick, while Tony was still tugging on the thing like a madman.
“Well then, Brucie Bear, let me introduce the universe’s most advanced hair dryer. It will make sure you’re hair stays warm and fluffy at all times, with extra styling of your hair for no extra charge.” Bruce chuckled and knelt down to look at the display.
Tony smiled softly and took a sip of his coffee as he started to pay the bills. Yeah, if Steve hadn’t been around for most of his life, he probably wouldn’t have survived his teen years, so he was more than happy with their lives at the moment. He was in no hurry for big houses or lavish lifestyles. He’d had way too much of that in his childhood anyway.
Whenever she flirted, she wanted the other party to either be aware that she was joking and wasn't too serious about it, or to flirt right back and she might walk away with a number she would forget or throw away, or they would spend a night in her apartment and that would be the end of that. That was about as far as her 'dating' went and she never did anything with any strings attached.
“You never do. The fact that you even had lunch today is a once-in-a-blue-moon thing.” Tony rolled his eyes at him, but his response died in his throat as they walked into the kitchen.
“H-How did you know which button to push?” Clint shrugged and shook his head, his expression still looking very high on the adrenaline from the encounter.
His only real friends were Pepper and Rhodey and they were all away on vacations with their families so he'd been content on being alone for this summer and work on his projects.
Toni laughed and shook her head fondly. God, she loved Janet so much. “No, no that’s fine.” She then bit her lip and looked down at her covers. “But, there is one thing you can do. See, whenever I go out, I attract guys who want me for my body and looks and I know how to look in order to get that. But… I haven’t been on a real, actual date in years…” Janet stared at her with wide, happy and excited eyes.
“Okay, so I’m not the only one who clearly doesn’t want to be here, eh?” Everyone looked up from what they’re doing, aside from Natasha who probably didn’t hear him, and looked at Clint, who just smirked lightly and rested his arm on top of the seat. “Oh come on, it’s clear no one here is jumping at the idea of going to camp. So who else has been forced to go to camp against their will?”
“Risk of what? Getting groomed by some alien? Like that can’t happen on Earth.” Steve gritted his teeth and turned to Tony, visibly holding back himself back from stalking over to him.
“What do you mean? I just helped you undress, that’s all.” He pulled the covers over them, called to Jarvis to turn off the lights, threw his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled his close. “Now sleep.” Tony grumbled, but did settle in his arms and on the pillow, allowing Steve to hold him tighter and spoon him.
After The Watcher vanished and the lights came back on again a tense silence fell over the room. Everyone looked at the buttons, waiting for someone to make the first move and be the first to vote. Which, of course, turned out to be Tony. He shoved himself between Clint and Steve and walked up to the buttons with a confidant grin on his face.
“Uh! And what is that supposed to mean? What makes you think I’ve done anything at all?” Steve huffed a small laugh and looked Tony right in the eyes.
And yeah, I also wanted to give you a look into Toni's head and see how she is and works. Also, it's the first story where I include Janet Van Dyne. I really like the idea of her and Tony being best friends in stories (mostly because of Avengers Academy, RIP you beautifully weird and amazing game) and I wanted Toni to have a best girl friend who wasn’t Pepper, so I decided to include her. But don't worry; she and Rhodey are still also best friends.
Tony had to take a deep breath after finishing that sentence, collecting himself before looking up again. “I’ll never be sorry for falling in love with you, Steve. And I know I’ll never regret marrying you. Maybe we have to wait a year, maybe five or maybe even ten years to get married, or maybe it’ll be a cheap, small affair with our friends, I don’t care. And maybe we will spend our lives never going above average income and living situation, but I know for a fact that we’ll be happy together.”
Everyone turned to look at him, either exasperated or confused and he shrugged again with a grin. “We were taken against our will by someone who wants us for something. Sounds like a kidnapping to me.” Natasha glared at him, much like how a cat could glare at a person and Steve rolled his eyes and almost groaned, feeling very irate at Tony and his annoying mouth. But before he could tell him to stuff it Thor cut him off.
On their way to the bedroom they passed Natasha and Clint, who were just leaving the gym to go to bed too, but they stopped to smirk and chuckle at the scene of Steve carrying Tony around like a bag slung over his shoulder. An amusing sight but not one too rare these days.
Bucky, who’d just raised his mug to his mouth to drink, snorted into his coffee, causing it to drip over the edges of the mug and down onto the counter and his laptop. Steve blushed and tried to laugh it off, while glaring over at Bucky as subtly as possible.
Okay, now he was really pushing it and it was becoming harder to come up with jokes to play off his insults with. He took another breath and cupped his hand behind his ear, like one might do when they wanted to hear better.
Steve got out of the shower after a nice, warm shower and quickly got dressed in a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt before he made his way back to the living room, only to pause as he heard Tony’s voice. It sounded like he was on the phone but also like he was holding himself back from yelling.
Tony, more than most people, understood the feeling of wanting to be alone with your thoughts and distracting yourself or dealing with them in your own ways, on your own terms. That when you have dark thoughts or felt depressed to the point of not wanting to eat or get out of bed, the last thing you want is for people to shove their advice or help down your throat or try to drag you away from your feelings. Now, that didn’t stop him from bringing him food to their room or the gym and drag him away from whatever he was doing so he could at least eat a sandwich or a few slices or pizza or some soup, or even coaxing him into coming out of join the team for movie night or dinner, just to distract him from his thoughts, if only for an hour or so. And once Steve was out of his funks and ‘functioned properly again’ he’d say that Steve’s coping mechanisms weren’t healthy and he might need help, but at least then, he were a little bit more open to the ideas, if only a little.
“No. Just… please, stay with me Tony. Stay with me.” Tony always nodded into his neck and tightened his hold around his shoulders.
That prompted Tony to look up from Steve’s neck and smirked teasingly up at him. “Oh you mean when you were 2 feet tall and weighed under 10 pounds?” Which in turned prompted Steve to squawk in mock-outrage and drive his fingers into Tony’s sides, causing Tony to twitch and giggle and the tickling.
When he got outside the house, he barely had to wait ten minutes before the taxi showed up and pulled up beside him. It was a fairly big taxi, but it was packed full of people already. There was a woman in the driver seat with short, black hair and dressed in a taxi uniform and her steel blue eyes were locked on the road ahead of them. And when Bruce looked to see who else was in the cab, he almost dropped his bag in shock.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter and please leave kudos, bookmark and leave your thoughts in the comments. I would also really appreciate it if you subscribed too! Thank you for reading!
That finally jerked Steve out his dream-like state and realized a line had formed while he had been talking to Toni and now a lot of annoyed and frustrated and busy people were waiting to be served their coffee. He immediately started to apologize and started to take orders and even give a few discounts for their waiting and to keep them from bitching to his boss, but he still couldn’t wipe that stupid smile of his face.
“So you’re claustrophobic?” He nodded weakly and she brushed a string of hair out of her face and behind her ear. “You look pretty pale, you should drink something.” She handed him a bottle of some clear liquid and he instinctively jerked back a little.
Steve didn’t need to look up when he heard the elevator doors open and close to know that Tony had come home, but he couldn’t fight the smile from spreading across his face.
Everyone turned to look at each other. Was he serious? Being in space above Earth was one thing, if it was even true, but to pilot a space ship? Visit other worlds? Maybe even see aliens and who knows what else? He couldn’t actually be serious?
But despite her strong words and her own underlying fears about Steve's intentions, Toni just couldn't stay away from him, which she could only try to explain that with the fact that she was an incurably curious person and she wanted to get some answers on her questions about him. So she kept walking to that Starbucks, learned the days and times he worked and struck up conversations with him and even tried some harmless flirting. At first she dialed back enough so he wouldn't get too flustered or uncomfortable, but with time she let up more and more and he became more comfortable around her and even started to flirt back, which was a bit surreal.
"Sounds to me like he's interested in you. Like, really interested in you." Toni rolled her eyes and scooped a spoonful of ice cream into her mouth.
“Hm, tricky. I’ll have to think about it.” He placed an arm around Tony, pulling him close and pressing a kiss on Tony’s head. Tony smiled and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder, kissing him on the collarbone and his throat. Steve rested his head against Tony’s and looked over his dog.
to start bringing her umbrella to school every day was getting really, really pathetic. But it was better than being covered in trash and used tampons for a whole day.
He nodded and tried to calm down. Tony was upset about something and the most important thing was to make sure he felt safe and comfortable with telling Steve what happened. “Yes, I do. Why?”
. And it’s not like it’s warmer in here. You’re really gonna sit here possibly for hours instead of taking the thirty minute walk back home in the rain?” Tony set his jaw and lifted his chin stubbornly, looking Steve dead in the eye.
“I need to stretch my legs a little anyway.” He muttered, putting his stuff back in the bag and got out, and Bruce was quick to follow. The tight space was really starting to get to him and he needed to breathe. He sat down by a tree and leaned his head back, breathing slowly and deeply and closed his eyes.
Tony had been out for only a few hours at yet another PR Event, promoting Stark Industries and all the new directions he wanted to take or projects they had started up, which had meant that the rest of the Avengers had not been needed, which all of them saw as a relief. Clint hated any affair where he needed to wear a tux or a tie, whining about how they were restrictive and he couldn’t breathe. Bruce felt incredibly uncomfortable at social events like these and usually ended up in a corner somewhere, trying to make himself invisible. Thor didn’t necessarily dislike these events, he could easily entertain other guests with tales of Asgard or the many great battles he had been fighting in before ever coming to Earth, but he still didn’t always know how to act or speak with these people and had sometimes ended up unintentionally insulting or lightly injuring others in his attempts to convey engaging storytelling. Natasha was the only one who knew how to act at these things, on the same level as Tony did, but it was still clear that she did not like spending her time around stuck-up rich people.
Tony just stared at him incredulously. “We’re in the middle of a fucking thunderstorm and you want to stop and feel the rain?”
And yeah, as much he liked to try and fool his friends, he couldn’t deny his growing feelings for Toni.
Tony, to his credit, tried to resist and move his face away from Steve’s mouth or push at his shoulders to get some space between them. But it didn’t take too long for him to give in and start to kiss him back and eventually raise his hands to grab Steve’s shirt to pull it off, which was Steve was than happy to let him do. But when Tony’s hands found their way to his belt buckle, Steve covered his hands with his own.
. She rolled her eyes and leaned on her hip. “So I take it you’re not too eager to go on adventure either, huh?” Steve pinched his lips and shrugged lightly.
“At an animal shelter here in the city. He had been there for almost a year now, and he was just such a sweetheart that I knew I had to bring him home, that he’d be perfect for you.” Wait, what? Steve’s head snapped at him.
It was painfully clear that Steve didn't do 'friends with benefits' and that both unnerved her and intrigued her.
She smirked again. “Yeah, I know.” She gestured to his shirt. “You know you have a nametag, right?” Steve blushed again and looked down at his shirt where his nametag was, indeed, visible for everyone to see and read his name. She laughed and took his hand and shook it. “Antonia Stark, call me Toni, most people do.”
Peter on the other hand, barely batted an eyelid at his dad in a towel, more interested in the hot water as he caught sight of steam streaming out of the bathroom.
“We kind of had a planetary crises ourselves. Loki helped me!” Beaming happily up a his brother, Thor walks towards the building. “Loki come down! It’s friend Bucky!”
If Tony fell apart, how would that reflect onto Peter? His son looks up to him for protection and guidance. He blames all this on being so close all the time to Dom’s, affecting his hormones causing them to fluctuate most likely! Yeah…Tony was going to go with that. There had been studies that prolonged exposure to Dom’s could affect Sub’s.
“How far was the horde?” Tony whispers in the dark, pressed tightly against Bucky’s front, with him leaning over the top of him, shielding him almost. “Around 10 minuet’s out when we saw them. They could easily bypass us or wonder through any minute now...”
Clint quickly trying to censor his swearing when Nat elbowed him subtly, pouting at her, Clint plucked up the pills and some water. Taking the hint, the group file out leaving only Natasha behind to keep watch over him in case.
“Hey hey hey, calm down ok? They’re gone now…they can’t hurt you now. Wade look at me,” Tony spoke often but firmly, gently easing up Wade’s chin to look Tony in the eye. “Did it bite you? Wade, I need to know if your hurt”
“Why don’t you take a seat?” Bucky’s rough voice low- pretty much a rumble at this point, made Tony’s body quiver. Just a bit. Bucky nudges a chair back with his foot as way of invitation. Grumbling to himself Tony sits down slumping back in his seat as he watches the other two looking for any sign of what the want to talk about.
Oh god does Tony miss his best friend, all he could do was hope that both him and Pepper and hopefully Happy as well, where all ok. Surviving and getting by, hopefully travelling together or in a bigger group for safety. Before he could get too focused on his own thoughts, Tony forcibly brings himself back into the present and smiles fondly as the two boys move to the table. Tony snagged a quick hug as the Wade passed, expressing his relief that he was ok.
