“Yeah, I mean it has been a while since we went to the roadhouse and I promised that I would”, he shrugs, finally recalling their plans.
Then as sudden as it started it, it stops. Dean feels dazed and confused and unsatisfied; Novak looks as disheveled as Dean feels. He takes a step back and opens his mouth, but before he can say anything there is knock on the door and he turns to look at it, as if he hasn't seen a door before. He closes his eyes for a moment and calls out “Yes”, his voice is gruff and it does nothing to bring Dean down from his high.
“It’s fine, I get it. We- we don’t have to talk about this again or you know, do anything about it. Just pretend it never happened” He continues staring at Castiel with as much of a neutral, placating expression as he can master. The older man studies him as he says this and lets out a barely audible sigh at the end, which does it for Dean, making him look down and into his coffee.
He is browsing the shelves, when he sees them. A bunch of history of art books and text books. Dean frowns, picking up one and turning to look at Cas who, when realises what Dean is holding flushes, ducking his head.
looking at Cas when he reads, he has all those emotions in his face that come and go, it’s a bit fascinating. After a few more seconds of staring, he looks down at the book in his hands and goes to sit in the armchair. It’s soft and comfortable and Dean can feel himself relax and has the absurd urge to stretch out. Instead he rolls his shoulders, opens the book and reads.
“I just thought you’d be happy” he says at last, his voice lost and Dean can imagine him making his stupid puppy eyes and ugh-
“Don't be” he grins at him, despite himself, the muscles on his face feeling odd and Cas shakes his head and sighs.
Apparently the answer is Michael flying over the town trying to pin point where the curse is stronger, hence where the next victim will be. Only problem is he picks it up in five different places.
“Hey Jody,” Dean greets her, offering her a weak smile, the words scratching at his throat. They are foreign as most sounds are for him these days, weighty with sharp edges.
“I don’t know what we are doing. I don’t know what we are going-, I don’t know what we are doing” he says quietly. He wants to say, I
There are so many things they need to discuss but for now they just lay in the safety of Castiel’s bedroom and because Dean can sense him, driving himself insane with his thoughts he presses a kiss in his shoulder and presses closer to him. After a while he feels him sag against him and that’s how he falls asleep.
It is nice and cosy, the smell of pizza is in the air and Castiel’s mouth waters, he really should have eaten breakfast this morning. It’s quite busy but they find a table to sit in the far corner. A waiter comes and serves them water, saying he’ll be back in a few minutes to take their order. Castiel scans his menu and he is surprised by the prices, he would expect it to be way more expensive, judging by the atmosphere.
relationship with him.” He finally settles on, turning his eyes to Dean’s, who lowers his in response, frow deepening.
Dean just nods, because really that's all he can do and that seems to satisfy her. He has already heard that and more from Rowena, but it’s not like he can do anything at the moment. Besides in a while, hopefully, everything will go back to the way it was before. Or maybe he will have to expand his hours.
Castiel shoots him a look and Dean shifts in his seat bashfully, “Well, Sam can look it for you, though knowing Balthazar,” Dean raises his brows at that, “everything should be fine. He is a friend.” he adds and it’s his turn to shrug, taking a sip from his latte.
“Nothing I… it’s nothing” he replays shaking his head slightly, as if to clear it and goes back to eating.
She is beautiful, the kind that makes her almost unapproachable. Her face is a perfect symmetry, Da Vinci’s golden ratio. Her eyes are deep blue and Dean wants to make her bleed.
“Hello” Michael says with a self-conscious smile that is foreign on him. The brothers look at each other, eyes wide in disbelief. “I should probably,” he moves to sit next to Sam who automatically scoots over, making room for him. He moves his plate and cup of coffee towards him hastily and some of the coffee spills on the table. Dean stares at the dark liquid, eyebrows furrowed slightly then he looks up at Michael.
“You know, times like this I wish Jo worked here, just to see this,” the other says making Dean huff.
Dean moves and lays next to him listening as his breathing evens out and feels nothing, he never does.
Dean closes his phone and reluctantly looks up at him. He hasn't changed much, he thinks, which is a little stupid, considering it has barely been a week. The only thing different about him is the change from a trench coat to a black coat; he can’t blame him, the temperature dropped dramatically in the last three days. He gets up from his chair, his eyes drift to his left hand and nothing. There is nothing. Perhaps Dean reasons, Cas is one of those people that can’t stand wearing rings, like Jo.
He opens the door with a resolve he didn't know he had and sees Tom turn his face towards him. He is shirtless laying on the bed and when he sees Dean, he gives him one of his half smiles half smirks. Dean throws him a grin in reply, rolling his shoulders and closeing the door behind him.
By the time he perfects it, ten days later, Sam and Jack have gathered all the ingredients and that’s how they are all sitting in the library Dean having mixed everything together, Sam holding his phone ready to call Aphrodite in case something goes amiss and Jack sitting quietly at the edge of his chair waiting.
“Is it the vanilla thing? They put it when they were cleaning it last week, it's a little…” Cas huffs and gestures with one hand in place of a word, as he pulls out of the parking lot and into the street.
“Please go to Charlie and ask her to run it for prints or anything really and check the cameras in the building” Inias gets up, muttering something under his breath and looks at Castiel frustrated. Castiel nods at him in understanding, there is nothing more he can offer right now.
He is looking at Dean so otherworldly, still a person all the same; so serine, so satisfied, so fulfilled. Happy, his mind supplies and he swallows thickly.
He takes the elevator and walks to the parking lot, ignoring the chilly afternoon air and gets into Baby. Once he is seated behind the wheel and has taken a few deep breaths, he opens the paper. The header is Nature in Auden’s Poetry, he frowns at it.
“I know it’s scary” Castiel is saying, dragging Deans’ attention back to him, “starting a business and making the first big step of your dream. When Gabriel, Anna and I started, it was too scary, but well we pushed through”
Castiel replies with a smile that makes his face glow, “Yes, I mean, I am so happy and I think Kali and-”
The asshole that is in the stupid conference all the way to Seattle, giving a fucking talk tonight. In the beginning Dean was excited, and a proud mother according to Sam but what does he know, and don't get him wrong he still is and he still is proud and all, he just misses him. More than usual. They have been apart before and ok it might have been two summers ago but still. It must be because Christmas is around the corner and all the stupid commercials are going on about spending the holidays with loved ones.
A comfortable silence falls between them. And Dean goes back to reading the book, while Castiel just sits there looking at him for a few minutes. After a while he stands up and gets a book from the bookshelf behind Dean and starts reading as well. They spent a couple of hours likes this, reading in each other’s silence.
He exhales soundly, petting her head softly when she lazily lifts it to look at him. He lets her lick his hand before heading to the bathroom for a shower.
“Did something happen?” he asks needlessly, there is an emotion that rushes all through Dean which he can’t name, that makes him want to heave.
“It’s fine” he shouts, going to his room to get dressed. He lets out a sigh and wills himself to calm down, it’s not like it is a big deal. Except it is, because Dean let his professor-
Dean stands up and moves closer to him, for lack of something else to do. And watches as Novak makes a sound and takes a book from one of the higher shelves. Dean takes the two more steps he needs to stand closer to him, perhaps too close. Novak turns around and if he is startled by the proximity it doesn't show. Instead he focuses on Dean’s eyes and after he clears his throat he says, “You can read that.”
He listens to a man, drunk judging by his slurred speech, shout something about male prostitutes and the men who go to them and he almost dissolves in a hysterical laughter, but contains himself. He hears an officer talking, but can’t make out what he is saying and then there are more voices.
When he is finally in, he locks the door, puts the alarm and turns on all the lights. He takes off his coat, Olis’ leash, his shoes and removes the sweater too, throws it on the coach on his way to the kitchen. He drinks a glass of water. And then another and tries to gets his breathing under control. He goes up to the bedroom, turns the lights on and removes his clothes.
For a few seconds Dean freezes, fear crippling through his body, heart racing, all he can hear is the blood in his ears and there are tears in his eyes that he wipes hastily getting up. Bobby was supposed to be a-
Dean raises his head faster than he intended at that and finds himself staring at gloomy blue. Cas opens his mouth to talk, but Dean just shakes his head.
He watches as Dean freezes and then tenses. He turns and looks at him, his mouth slightly open and his eyes hold disbelief, before his expression closes and is replaced with his mask of calmness and indifference.
By the time he is downtown it’s completely dark. He goes to the coffee shop, buys a cup of coffee and stays there until he is ready to go to the
Novak draws on and Dean half listens, half loses himself to the sound of his voice, drawing shapes at the margins of his book, he wasn't able to find a second hand copy, so he had to buy a new one, which means Sam’s new jacket will have to wait a bit. He almost didn't buy it, but then realized that Sam would be pissed at him if he bought the jacket for him and not the book for the class, besides as he told Dean two weeks ago, the one he has now, he can make it last for one more month. Problem is Dean doesn't want him to have to, especially with autumns-winters like the ones in Chicago. He sighs deeply and notes down what Novak is saying about Benjy.
.” Dean’s mouth falls open and his toes curl and he wiggles slightly. He wants Cas to fuck him so bad.
There is silence at the other end of the line and Dean presses his lips together and rolls his eyes. “Ok. Alright,” he exclaims “I’ll come up”
“The photo is old” he says finally looking at the man in front of him. Novak raises his eyebrows a little, but other than that his face remains stoic.
“Hello, Dean” He says, with that deep voice and Dean suppresses a shiver. He tilts his head to the side, and it unnerves him a little.
He shuffles in his feet inside the elevator and waits to reach the floor he wants, smiling politely at the people getting in. Seriously how high does the firm need to be. When he finally gets off, and what a relief that is; he can’t with tight spaces. Especially those filled with people. He walks to the reception and smiles at Becky who gives him a wide smile, while speaking on the phone.
He is just standing there at the foot of the bed, looking at him with a soft expression like he never left.
Dean feels like he should be angry at that, but with the way Cas is looking at him with so much worry and care, he can’t bring himself to say anything. It’s too much and it has been too long. He swallows.
, he only does so, when he is running low on cash, which hasn't happened in a while. He usually waits at the various diners around it. Besides those who look, know where to find him. He particularly likes one diner that is an all-American classic, that has amazing burgers for it’s price.
He lowers the glass placing it carefully on the counter and turns to look at her. His right hand going to his pocket gripping the knife there. The shape and weight familiar in his hand, comforting, despite knowing it will do nothing to her.
Sam seeming to get his distress, pushes his shaking hand away and clicks the button but nothing happens. He presses again harder frowning, glancing warily at Dean, but In The Light continues to play and Dean swallows soundly. His throat dry, his chest contrasts with every breath he takes and there are goose bumps all over his body.
Then he raises his eyes and looks at himself in the mirror. His hair is a mess, more so than usual, he has a few hickeys in his neck and generally looks exactly how he feels; like a hurricane went through him and he liked it, but doesn't know how to act in the aftermath.
“Even if I can help you?” she asks so sweet and sincere and he feels the muscles on his face soften against his better judgement, and he stomps angrily at the hope that flickers in his chest.
“Sure” Donna smiles softly at him and gets up as well, Castiel can tell that she thinks there is something off about them and he knows she will ask him later, but he can’t pretend to care.
“I understand” Dean isn’t sure he does, then again what does he know? He nods and licks his lips. “So… we good?”
Serving tables like Jo, on the weekends or some nights after finishing his shift at Bobbys’, and then when he was twenty-two, he decided he wanted to work behind the bar full time and two years later realized he wanted to own his own place. It all feels so distant and fresh, and he has a hard time wrapping his head around everything.
“Ask me again and I’ll kill you” he growls instead cause he isn’t about to get all misty eyed here, even if he blinks a couple of times.
They are a block away from the apartment, when Dean sees him. He has to stop and stare, because the people are only illuminated by the street lights and the man is somewhat turned and Dean isn’t certain it is him. It has been a decade after all. He could be wrong. He wants to be wrong. He
“You on the other hand,” She smiles, a sly look on her face that makes him feel stupid, the fire in his chest igniting further. “are very easy to find.”
hates this. He can see Cas raise his hand, as if to touch him, but he stops his hand in mid air before he pulls it back to his side.
The administrator Becky, one of the very few people Dean doesn't exactly like, but gets along well enough in this place, looks up at them when she hears them approach.
He gets into the elevator and closes his eyes, breathing deeply, the smell of floor cleaner is strong and it burns his nose a little, but he ignores it. He reaches his floor and gets out, heading to his office. He sees Hannah and Inias talking to each other and they both turn to look at him as they hear him approach.
He looks up at her and sees behind her a man who is looking at him and reminds Castiel of someone, but he cannot tell from where or who he is. He is beautiful and has really green eyes, that seem to study Castiel. Then, he remembers. He is the guy Donna arrested a couple of weeks back. The realisation seems to show on his face, because the man goes completely still for a couple of seconds, before he gets up and leaves a few notes on the table, then turns around and leaves.
Then at a gap between the first and the second paragraph he sees it, in a quick handwriting that is still neat and cursive, it reads 144 Romsey Rd.
Sam’s eyes go round like an owl’s, his mouth hangs open slightly and if it was anything else Dean would laugh.
“Yes, but you do not go punching people in the face and expect to-. Is this how you are going to go to the interview with Harvard next week? With the shiner on your face?”
“Ok. It’s ok” Dean looks at him questioningly at that. “It’s ok that you don't want to talk about it now. Or with me”
He doesn't talk much during the sessions, sometimes he wants to but, he can’t get it out or find the words, so Billie is the one doing most of the talking. She asks him questions, difficult questions with even more difficult and complicated answer that lead to a lot of emotions, some of which Dean can’t name. Sometimes Dean feels like it’s pointless and that perhaps he can’t tackle it all. He tells her, which surprises him and she chuckles softly, tells him it is how it will be for a while, but he will get there, as long as he wants to. There being the reasons for going to her all together, Dean guesses. They weren’t very clear, because well they are long complicated and basically Dean, and as he thought about that answer, he realised
He washes quickly, grabbing a towel and stepping out. Sam’s back, laptop open and coffee cups on the table in front of him.
“It is a good guide. Although, I still stand that you should write more.” He tells Dean, whose eyes move to the man’s mouth “Maybe expand your vocabulary while you are at it”
When everything is ready and they are sitting in the living room or at least what Cas calls it. All it has is that old couch, a small table in the middle, that's a bit wobbly, a bookshelf on the wall filled with books and a TV.
It is. And Castiel stands there looking at him. He is sitting at one of the tables, back at the bookshelves separating each table, reading a book. He appears relaxed and at ease. Completely different from the last time Castiel saw him. It suits him. He looks more… Castiel can’t find a word. And he doesn't mind, he sees it and it’s enough.
“Nothing” Cas interrupts him finally looking at him and he has a look in his eyes that Dean hates. It makes him hate that sick bastard even more. He sighs, Castiel turns and looks out the window again.
Castiel frowns, and says with that tone that leaves no room for arguing, “But I am and I want to. I am aware that, that this is only the second time we are doing this but” he sighs “Perhaps now is not the best time to have this conversation”.
” with a tone that made him realise that she didn't exactly believed what she was saying, in fact she seemed to look down at him. Probably wondering herself what he was doing here.
When he puts Auden down an hour later, he comes to the conclusion that he prefers him to Eliot, who he finds a bit dry. Not that Dean is an expert, in fact this is the only time he has read poetry outside the few times he had to for school. He does agree though, that they are both hard to understand and Dean feels like all that he understands are wrong anyways. Doesn't matter, is just for him, he reasons.
“I know.” He settles on, the breath he takes hurts so much as if it finds resistance in his lungs, tearing them apart and he takes another sip from the mug. He needs to let go of it, it’s too hot to keep a hold of and he will end up dropping it, spilling it all over himself. He grips it tightly and when his arm trembles from the heat he places the mug on the table.
“I’m ok, go” Castiel looks like he is about to say something but doesn’t, and disappears in the hallway.
“Honeymoon?” Cas repeats confused, then “Oh, it’ll happen on Christmas, going to Paris and Brussels”
Castiel sighs, “Let’s just say, Yale was a long-standing tradition in my family” Dean catches the downturn of his lips the end, the way he grips the steering wheel just a notch more tightly and files it in his mind.
Saturdays are Dean’s lazy days. He spends the day in the park or whatever other place he finds interesting, or there is a free event in. In the evening, he watches a movie, no matter how bad it might be, in the city’s theatre for free. Generally, it is a day that he enjoys, it is slow and relaxing and he can forget and pretend things are going ok. That he is fine.
Dean nods and they get up, go in the kitchen. He watches him as he heats up the lasagna Dean made. They eat in silence, that is until Dean remembers
It does catch him a bit by surprise, he wasn’t as prepared as he thought, and  he chokes, but swallows eagerly as much as he can.
“You can go home”. He tells her stopping outside of his office door almost across from her desk. She looks up giving him a small tired smile.
“You don’t get to choose.” He manages and Cas step closer to him, his leg between Dean’s thighs making his breath hitch, feeling the heat on the inside of his thighs.
He doesn't want to do anything other than crawl under the covers and stay there until he dies. He has a persistent headache since yesterday morning, he worked way too much even for him, his lower back was killing him until about half an hour ago, but thankfully the painkillers worked, and he can feel every muscle in his body ache.
Dean is annoyed and nervous and embarrassed and he has rolled his eyes so many times he is sure he is going to develop an eye problem.
The only reason he had even agreed to go to the interview was because of the constant nudging and begging from Sam, and when later he went to work, one look at Bobby, told him that not only he knew about the letter, he was also part of the whole scheme. The worst part was that he couldn't counter their arguments, they both had the same, how if the university saw something maybe he should try, that they both believed in him (Sams’ words) and he really could do it and other stuff like that. Truth is he couldn't outright refuse for two reasons; one Bobby was paying the largest part of the tuition fees and two he wanted Dean to take over the garage slash salvage yard when he retires and thought a business degree would be a good idea. And Dean agreed, of course he agreed, he knew the man all his life and for the last five and a half years, since he and Sam moved here and Dean started working for him, Bobby has become a father to Dean. A father that he never dreamed he would have and he couldn't possibly lose, so business degree it is. Problem is Dean believed they, he, Bobby and Sam, had agreed on community college, but apparently his idiotic brother had decided otherwise after reading his application and had send it to university of Chicago as well.
?” he says eventually and his face is serious but his eyes hold an amusement Dean hardly ever sees in them.
A sob wrenches out of him. It’s loud and uncontrolled and he heaves through the tears. His whole body rocking with it.
Sam pointedly clears his throat throwing him a look that has him purse his lips together and look away from them.
They serve themselves and Cas gives him the cup of coffee and sugar. Dean takes a sip of it and sighs, Cas smiles, a small tentative smile, at him and he mirrors it. They eat in silence, halfway through Carmen wines standing at the back door and Castiel opens it for her and Dean remembers to ask him for a pill, cause his nose is twitching now as well.  After that, they talk about Cas’ work, mainly about Hannah and Inias and other people Dean doesn't know, but has heard a lot about. All of the tension gone, though they don't broach last night and Dean is content about that, he doesn't know how to handle it or what to say. There is a feeling still deep inside him, that can’t leave him alone, something that says something is going to break.
“You need to be careful too” Castiel says carefully, eyeing Dean like he is some sort of a delicate porcelain or something. It unnerves him.
“Thank you” Dean is taken aback by the emotion in Castiel’s voice. It’s something like happiness, nostalgia, content and gratefulness and other emotions he can’t name or know, but he knows he doesn't deserve it. And even though it is such a simple phrase, it feels too heavy, but Dean wants to hear those words on repeat until he figures out what Castiel means.
He shakes his head slightly and focuses on listening to Cas moving around in the kitchen and he turns to look at the opposite wall. There are photos of Cas, and Dean smiles faintly, the tension on his back easing a bit. He is certain they are Anna’s doing, from what he knows about her and her hobbies.
They arrange to meet with Michael at a coffee place close to where he is staying and Dean has Sam ask if it has waffles.
“No, I know that, but it doesn't hurt to check” It’s gives them something to do and not sit around helpless.
“I” he starts but stops himself. Castiel can see the beginning of a blush on his face. He thought it was odd, Dean didn't appear to be the kind of person that got embarrassed that easily.
Dean loves driving and he loves Baby. It is the only real home he has known since his mum died, so watching her parked on the same spot for the past year or so, and looking like a hurricane paraded on her, feels like someone is reaping his chest open. It’s the only thing he has left of his parents and his brother and he can do nothing to fix her. Something hot seamers in his stomach, like acid and it pisses him off, well these past few days everything is pissing him off.
“I know, but you felt it. And it was not your fault” anyone hearing him would think that he is calm, but Dean can catch the anger underneath his tone. He knows it’s not directed at him.
“Right. I'll leave you to it then” Hannah says and walks out of the room closing the door behind her, but not before sending a nasty look towards Dean, who huffs at the closed door.
It’s grounding but it also makes Dean float, light as nothing. He becomes aware of every nerve ending of his body, every part of him, but it’s not like when he was tortured in Hell. It feels like something Dean doesn’t have a word for, but it’s familiar and very intense, it makes his toes curl.
“What?” Charlie asks, but he ignores her. He watches as a few cars away Novak goes over to a car. He walks hastily and he can see him talking, more like arguing, with someone over the phone.
“Well,” she starts now, hesitant, “we were wondering if we can do one poem from Seferis” and then adds quickly, “We saw your Seferis, modernism and the 30’s generation, and some other stuff you’ve written and we thought it’d be a good idea” she lets out a small chuckle at the end and shrugs self-consciously.
“You know it’s not true” Benny says sounding just a bit done with Dean’s shit, not that Dean can blame him.
"All those years" Dean says and pokes him on the shoulder, staring at his naked ass, pressing his lips as not to smile.
The drive back to the bunker is silent, the air inside baby is thick. They are still victorious but with losses. Can’t have everything, that’s something Dean knows deep into his soul. It has been curved there since he was a kid. Which is why he is so angry with himself, at the cruel hope that had taken residence in his chest since Jack brought everyone back but not the one Dean-
“I mean it, Dean” he says seriously and fuck, he needs to stop saying his name like that. Dean takes a deep breath. There is definitely something wrong with him.
Dean turns and fixes the pillows behind him so he can sit comfortably. And then a thought occurs to him. What if he needs to leave? What if that’s what Castiel is waiting or down in the kitchen? Maybe he is just giving Dean time and space to get dressed. Dean did invite himself over after all. Right. He wants to ignore the sting at his chest and he closes his eyes. He can’t let his guard down like that and he can’t be stupid about these things.
He gets dressed and has enough time to make a sandwich, before bolting out the door. He sees Marv, the guy from across the hall, sitting in front of his own door and flashes him a smile out of habit, but he is way too out of it to register Dean.
He spots the coffee pot and, with a resolve he didn't know he had, opens the cupboards in search of coffee and a cup. There is already one at the counter, but he isn’t going to use it.
Dean instantly smooths his expression, his face heats in embarrassment making Castiel lets out a low chuckle before saying
All he had gotten was nothing. At some point, he told himself he wouldn’t be waiting anymore, but hope was a persistent, awful thing, that weaved itself into his soul and with time it grew.
Right, the third partner. What is it and Sams’ bosses are so hot? Dean scolds his expression a little, “I am just waiting for my brother, Sam”
The woman must say something to him, because his eyes, albeit reluctantly, leave Deans’ and he feels the loss too much for what it is. Deans’ eyes never leave him though and after he answers to the woman, he turns his eyes back to Dean, who wants to lick his lips again but resists the motion. Novak doesn't though and Dean has the irrational need to nip at them. The thought causes something like a current to go through him and he grabs his bag from the floor, gets up and walks briskly to the elevator on the other side of the room and away from Novak.
“But you didn't like drug enforcement as much as homicides” she says softly, interrupting his thoughts, with a knowing look.
“Right. Sorry” comes the response and he sounds absolutely wrecked and Dean shivers at the sound of his voice. He feels him, shift and lift himself and then there is light. Well not too much just the bedside lamp. But it’s enough.
“That depends on you. Whether you want to stop feeling this way or not. Getting over your guilt isn’t easy, but if you take a step back whenever you start feeling it and try to rationalise it, you will see that it’s not based on anything real, and you will slowly let it go. You are not a bad person Castiel, you need to remember that”
Someone pushes the door behind Hannah and a man walks in holding a mug and wearing a smile, that Dean finds a bit unnerving.
He circles his shoulders, curls and uncurls his fists, takes measured breaths. He pretends he is not aware of Jack watching him in concern from across the room ever since Sam walked in there, or Miracle as she stands unnaturally still next to the bookshelf, tracking him with her eyes.
“It’s alright. We will have muffins” Cas says, and Dean grimaces at him. “Besides, what you should really be eating is a salad or better yet a fruit salad, like the doctor said”
He starts praying too and when he realizes, he stops. Stands up, dusts off and heads back to the bunker.
“He told me it was going to be ok. That he- that I was going to be ok” she says when he doesn’t and does take a tissue now. “He was such a lair. Nothing is ok and all I see, even in my sleep it’s-” She blows her nose softly.
He has his hands in front of his face and from what Castiel can see he is blushing. Fleetingly, Castiel thinks about turning back around, but stops himself. He feels something simmer in his stomach, maybe jealousy, he isn’t sure. Besides, that's ridiculous because there is nothing- because that man is just someone that Dean- He really needs to stop that train of thought, if he wants to stay sane.
“They should have just let me go when I woke up. It wasn't anything serious” he says annoyance sipping into his voice.
Castiel looks tired, his back stiff and his shoulders slumped. It makes Dean want to get up and ask him what’s wrong, maybe touch his shoulder.
After a few seconds Benny hands him his sandwich and his coffee, Dean thanks him and turns around to leave, but sees the bar table on his right and mentally shrugs. He sits in one of the bar stools and sets his coffee and sandwich, with cheese, ham and tomato, on the table. He eats his sandwich, while observing the people outside through the window.
He suddenly can't breathe. There are goosebumps all over his body and he is so cold, he curls in on himself.
“What are you reading?” he asks curiously, glancing at the open book on the table. Dean looks down at the book and then up at him. He looks almost embarrassed, bashful.
“Dean” he says in that way of his and something unravels inside him like always when Cas says his name like that, and like always he has no idea what it is.
“Look at you” he marvels and it’s almost too much. Castiel moves one of his legs, so it’s between Dean’s, trapping his cock there between them and Dean stutters, letting out shaky breaths.
He leaves Castiel’s house in the middle of the night or early morning, with not many words exchanged - neither knew what to say and he desperately needed to escape the awkwardness and the weight of what they have done – and when he reaches his apartment, his head heavy, barely able to keep his eyes open, still it takes him a long time until he is able to fall asleep. The ghost of hands lingering on skin, keeping him up.
She gestures to the other woman and she gets up to follow her, as Mrs Clarke disappear behind the door, Dr Moseley turns to Dean and says. “There’s no need to be nervous, dear”
“I’m not going to like this, am I?” he asks already knowing the answer. Crowley just goes over to his desk and opens a drawer getting a large paper out and crayons and turns to Castiel smiling. And yeah out of all the exercises drawing is his least favourite. He needs to remember next time not to choose a psychotherapist, that has also studied art therapy.
Dean finds his eyes, all blue and pained. "You can feel longing," he pushes, "and I know you can tell apart what each longing means"
“Hello” Inias greets him. “Charlie called, said she is a little busy and she’ll run the prints as soon as she can”
Castiel knows that Caesar is a bigger workaholic than he is and that Jesse had been trying to convince him to go somewhere for months. Although he is a bit surprised that Anna let him take a leave now with the case they have been working on. Although, knowing both of them, Anna probably was glad he went on vacation. He remembers her being worried about him spending so much time in the office.
“I know what it is” he greets out. 2016 too, he almost shudders. “God, I am so sorry baby” he mutters.
He wakes up way later than usual, Oli is still next to him. Dean touches him softly and leaves a stuttering breath. He gets up after staring at the ceiling for too long. His brain is going fast and slow at the same time, and Dean just wants everything to stop. He makes coffee and takes the cup back to bed where he sips it slowly. He knows he needs to walk Oli, but can’t. God, he can’t, there are tears in his eyes again and he blinks them away almost angrily, not that he has the strength for anger.
“Do you have a name?” she asks carefully, like she didn't want to disturb either him or the man lying on the table, Castiel wasn't sure.
“So, he still hasn't called,” it’s Jo that speaks, tipping her beer bottle towards Dean, who shoots Sam a look, that he hopes it shows his irritation and the whole
“Enough with this.” Dean tells them and turns to Jo, because he doesn't want to talk about his insecurities, “How is the new job treating you?”
Dean looks at him expectantly and when Cas’s expression doesn’t change for a time he continues to look at him, and Cas finally gets it.
“Dean” Cas repeats his name pleadingly and Dean kind of wants to shove him out of the apartment, kind of wants to-
Goosebumps rise all over his body and he is cold. His jaw prickles, and saliva fills his mouth and he bolts up running to the bathroom.
“I know” she replies simply and leans her head against his shoulder. “You should come this Sunday for dinner, Gadreel is cooking” she says in a lighter tone. “Gabe will come”
He doesn’t know how Cas meant it and that’s one of the worst parts. He has met angels who have fallen in love with humans, met one that was obsessed with one, but Cas…
They end up talking about the free clinic and Castiel finds himself excited about the idea. It’s something the city definitely needs and something about the fact that there are people out there that do something like that, makes him feel good and hopeful.
“Hello.” he says back, his voice gruff and he clears his throat a little. “What will you be getting?”  asks looking between the two. Because he has a job after all.
“Come on, Dean, I know you are heartbroken-” Dean makes a face that Benny pointedly ignores “- but you can’t keep moping around. Especially about someone you just met.”
Novak nods at him, “That verse is said by Macbeth after learning his wife committed suicide,” He finally breaks eye contact with Dean, and the younger man released a breath. Novak points to the slide, that shows that verse and then changes it, “Faulkner entertains the idea that life is nothing but a shadow, which is a word repeated in the second part of the novel, the one told by Quentin’s point of view. I talked about the sections of the novel in the last lecture, so slides for that are there for those of you, who weren’t here or simply weren’t paying attention. The author views the modern man as someone who is imperfectly formed and cannot deal with the problems of the modern life. Basically, a shadow of what he really is.”
“Nice to meet you Dean.” She says amusement clear in her eyes. “I’ll see you later” it sounds like a promise. Dean stands there for a second looking at her back as she heads down a corridor. Right. He blinks and heads towards the direction Anna showed him. His steps flatter a little, but he pushes himself to continue.
Something lodges itself into Dean’s throat making his eyes sting, his skin is on fire. His lips twist and he doesn’t say anything.
He sits in the reception again waiting for Sam, where Becky is talking with a woman, and again smiles when she sees him and greets him.
deserve it. He bullies everyone he can, and Kevin, especially Kevin and no one does anything. Ever. Or whatever they do is not enough” he shouts and then shags back on the seat. He frowns crossing his arms and looks at Dean almost challengingly.
He runs a hand across his face and sighs. He turns the radio on, lets Bod Dylan fill the car and his mind and closes his eyes. He voids himself from most of his thoughts and enjoys those seconds of silence. It takes him all but a minute before he reaches for his phone and texts Sam, then without waiting for a reply he starts driving.
The elevator stops and he looks up and sees number two illuminated. A woman with long red hair walks in, she is vaguely familiar, but he can’t remember from where. Besides, she is hot and if it was another time, he would have flirted with her. The elevator moves again and Dean can feel her studying him.
He spends Sunday thinking about Castiel and pretending to study. He is dreading going to class on Friday, but if there is one thing he is not, is a coward. He tells himself that everything is going to be fine, but his stomach is tied in knots and he thinks he might throw up. In the end, he pushes everything down and decides that the best way to go on this, is by pretending that nothing happened. And it’s not like it will happen again. He is pretty sure that Novak got it out of is system, and wont mention it ever again, he is aware of that, it’s not like it can be any different, and even if that thought disappoints him, it also brings some of his nerves down, a sense of reassurance and confidence.
It’s not far, hardly a three minute walk, but it feels like eons to Dean. It’s stiff and awkward, as if they are stuck in the kitchen again and he feels the need to scratch his skin out.
Castiel reaches for the lube and opens it, covering a finger and Dean opens his legs further, raising one knee and he finally touches him. It’s hesitant exploring, almost shy, so Dean presses down, taking it all, as an encouragement or maybe because he is just getting restless. Still, Castiel moves it slowly and for far to long, to the point where Dean knows he is doing it on purpose and he huffs, quip in the tip of his tongue but just then he pushes a second finger in and it dies in his mouth.
“I was supposed to rebuild you,” Michael says after a moment, like this is perfectly acceptable conversation to have over waffles, at nine in the morning is a small town in Pennsylvania, hunting freaking Aphrodite.
“He spent a lot of time exposed to high and low temperatures, without any proper protection and he was malnourished”
“It’s a sweater” says Dean, reaching for the carte of beer bottles and places it on the counter next to the fridge.
His heart is beating rapidly in his chest for an entirely different reason now. It’s the first time those thoughts don’t make his throat close up, and that leaves him standing there, leaning against the door not knowing how to act. He practically feels it when that thought settles in his brain and becomes
“There’s been a situation. You just need to come to the school. The principle would like to speak with you”
Sam has taken into cataloguing the Bunker’s items creating a full archive, since they have both silently agreed to take a break from hunting for at least a couple of weeks. For the first few days he just drops hints at Dean to help him and Jack and finally come out of his room. He seems to be under the impression that it will help Dean, but the older man refuses every time.
The third victim happens three days after the second and seven days after the first and his heart is not missing. From the photographs it appears as if someone had tried to rip it off but hadn’t managed to do anything other than tear through the flesh and muscles and break the ribcage.
The two people in front of him finally finish their order and he walks up to the guy, Benny, he is surprised he remembers his name.
His eyes widen and he feels a sudden panic raise in his chest. He looks at Crowley like he has grown three heads. He in return looks back at him patiently, like he is waiting for Castiel to get over it.
Novak takes a breath, taking a step back, away from him, and runs a hand through his hair, “I-” he stops, tongue darting out to wet his upper lip and when he looks back up at Dean, his eyes are desperate, “I don't do this” and then he looks back to the side.
Dean goes to the bathroom and just before he closes the door, he hears Sam shout “You going out again?”
“Good.” He says earnestly, “Adam is alive too,” he taps his head, his smile unconsciously growing at the words. It’s weird to watch.
“Come on” Dean is finally able to form and when the other makes no indication of stopping “Cas-” he takes a sharp breath as a hand touches his cock through his boxers.
“This is long overdue” Dean tells him, watches as understanding comes to Cas after seconds. Because of course Cas knows. In hindsight, Dean knows that there are a lot of tells. And he
“She is a” he stops and looks so uncomfortable Dean almost takes pity in him, but now he really wants to know.
They gather as much information as they can about each couple. They make notes and maps, trying to find something that might predict the next one, but it is as if she rolls a dice.
Novak presses his lips together, seems to mull it over, “Yes, but it has to do with other skills as well. People don't excel in their jobs just because they have a degree or several. In fact, there are people that are great in their professions, without going to university”
He had thought about not texting him on Wednesday, after spending most of Tuesday talking with him, earning him too many stern looks from Ellen and smug/amused ones from Jo. However, he came to realized two things, it was impossible for him to ignore Cas and Cas is, despite his somewhat blunt ways, a very nice person to talk to.
He splashes cold water on his face a few times, until he feels awake enough. He sees a bottle of mouthwash on the counter and thanks whoever is listening, before opening the bottle and filling the cup, putting the liquid in his mouth. He moves it around for as long as he can and spits it into the sink, rinsing it with water.
They wait for half an hour. Then an hour. When it rolls into three they all get up, Sam and Jack go to the kitchen and Dean to his room.
Dean sets a plate in front of him and then sits opposite of him passing him a fork. They eat and make idle small talk. Castiel learns that Dean lives with his brother Sam, who is studying law and that he is a mechanic and a bartender on the weekends.
“I know” he responds and glances at Castiel, before turning his eyes back to him. “What can I do for you?”
“Hello, my name, as you probably know, is Anna Milton, you may call me Anna and I will be teaching you twenty century literature. Some of you are here as a part of your English literature degree and others, you are here because you need the credits. Either way, I expect equal effort and work from all of you.” She moves across the front of the hall as she talks, her eyes surveying them. Her red hair swaying slightly as she walks.
He must fall asleep, because his eyes fly open when he hears the lock turn, his heart is thumbing but then he hears Eileens’ voice “It’s me.”
“No, and he chooses hotels, expensive hotels. Somewhere where people will find them, not just anybody.”
“I don't like fries.” He repeats then adds with a grimace, “They are oily and soft or crunchy and they just taste like-”
He feels a cloth wiping his stomach and he realises he has been drifting out. He feels Cas cleaning him, so delicately, tenderly even, it makes his eyes water and he has to blink back tears. It’s almost too much, being touched like this. He dares a glance up at Cas, who gives him a small hesitant, almost shy smile and Dean cannot help but smile at him open and dazed. And he can see him relax. When he is done, he goes to the bathroom to throw the towel and he returns switching the bathroom light off and it’s dim again, with just the yellow light from beside Deans’ head.
Sam’s expression somewhat clears, mouth opening as if to say something and then closing. He feels dread filling he chest. He doesn’t let it reach his face.
Then Castiel moves, grinding his hips against Dean, against his own clothed erection and he loses his footing slightly, cursing softly. He grips the other man’s shoulder and tries to catch his breath.
“Dean, I have no idea what you are talking about,” Cas says slowly, like Dean can’t grasp spoken language.
Dean licks his lips giving the tablet back to Sam, “They don’t think they deserve love. Not the victims, the wives and I’m guessing the husband.”
“Shh, it’s ok, sweetheart” something gets stuck in Deans throat at the endearment and his eyes water yet again from complete different reasons. Castiel, lays him down on his back and Dean grips his arm.
“Well she is working right now so she’ll see it later” and probably respond tomorrow, knowing her, he doesn't add.
It’s a two story building right next to the police station, with the white paint chipped in various places and doors that creak.
“I’ve never seen him before” She says after a few seconds and Castiel nods, he had a suspicion that the man was way too careful, well not too careful, everybody slips at some point.
They don’t talk about it, even if Dean knows it’s at the tip of Sam’s tongue and the way he looks at him, but something stops him every time. There is a part of Dean that wants  Sam to boil over, the part that’s itching for a fight, someone concrete and corporeal to fight with, scream at. Let all these out and away from him. He knows it doesn’t work like that and he also knows it would be unfair, inexcusable to do to Sam. Anyone else and they would have left him to drink himself to death.
go leaving on the streets again, so food had come third, so what? He is fine, has lost a bit of weight but it’s not a problem.
“I mean that happy” Dean says and he really doesn't know why he is saying all that. It not like Novak cares, not really. It’s like those people giving money to the homeless and then going to their beds at night feeling like they did something.
“I know, I know just” he doesn't know how to continue so he stops, swallowing with difficulty, so he takes a sip of water.
Cas’ knows or at least knows that something bad happened, or that Dean wasn't very careful on who he let to do stuff with when he was younger. He knows that something was done to him in that context. It is still fresh on his mind the first time Cas tied him, not for that, but because Cas had to go to the living room as he forgot the lube there and Dean freaked. As in, started shaking and wouldn't calm down for an hour kind of freaked.
“But yeah, well I am” It comes of more defensively than he would like and he resists folding his arms in front of him, instead he plays with a fry in his plate, leveling Castiel with a look.
“I’d ask how you are, but I already know” he says with a tone that Dean can’t identify and places a tray of what appears to be blueberry muffins on the counter.
He grits his teeth, glancing to the side and back at the other man. He knows he is right; he is not in a good state to drive, not that he hasn’t driven in worse . Everything is sort of boiling over, getting too much and the last thing he wants is something happening to Sam and him not being there.
“Good” he says fast, perhaps too fast, avoiding her eyes, by closing a tab on his computer, and trying to appear nonchalant, but he can feel the muscles in his back tensing. When he glances at her, he can see her trying to seem casual, but they know each other for too long. He knows the tightness around and the concern in her eyes. “Really Anna I’m good” he repeats looking at her now.
Dean glances around as some people groan or shift and sigh. He tries to keep his face neutral and figure out in his head how he is going to keep up with everything. Milton moves to the desk and opens the projector and starts the power point slides. She is introducing literary devices and elements and Dean can already tell this is going to be a hell of a class.
“You don't have to be alone. Being alone doesn't protect you from anything” he looks at Crowley for several seconds, maybe a whole minute.
Twenty four hours later Michael teleports to their room and announces he believes it is a pagan god. The energy matches and he has felt a similar curse some time ago. Some time ago for Michael is apparently around 400 to 300 BC, so they start research on them. It means that they are buried in even more books and more notes and Eric Jonas dies.
“No” he says at last and cringes at how his voice sounds. Sam makes a sound at the other end of the line, could be a laugh Dean can’t tell, he is far too busy trying to figure out why he is acting like this. Because in fact he doesn't have anyone to ask out. Cas is just an acquaintance. Ok, a friend, but that's it. Dean can’t deal with anything else, it would complicate things.
Sam voice has lost its excitement and its more defensive and Dean knows that he owes the kid an explanation, but he can’t bring himself to do it. And where the fuck does, he start.
“Who are you?” the nurse asks louder this time, as if they hadn’t heard hear her before, frowning at them.
“If you don't want her that close, just push her off” Cas’ say and feels him shift, pulling the duvet higher.
“Yes. We will check them” Hannah says looking a bit hesitant. Castiel looks at her questioningly and she sighs. “Don't you think whoever is doing this, would have hacked them again?”
Castiel stares at his phone for a few seconds before shaking his head, somewhat exasperated. Their attempts at making him socialise and get out of the house, are starting to irritate him. He knows he needs to get out more, but between staying inside to read a book and going out to have drinks, he will have to choose the first.
When he is out of the office, and Hannah has closed the door behind them, he exhales, closing his eyes momentarily.
From the guy next door, with the constant banging on the wall, at random times through the day and night, to the girl at the coffee shop that decided that Dean needed cream in his coffee.
Cas is in front of him before he has managed to finish his phrase and Dean has to look at his chest, where his tie is askew, half hidden behind the trench coat.
He sighs, for probably the hundred time today and looks at the clock on the wall of the conference room, it’s almost two. He should probably go grab something to eat.
“The Empty is smart. You open door, you find a loophole? It closes it. You only get one try for each one.”
“Ok,” Sam says, then “Oh, before I forget, I’m going to see a movie with Kevin and Ruby after work tomorrow”
“It’s alright, sweetheart” something gets stuck in his throat at the endearment, Cas kisses his temple, then his cheek, then down at his neck. “We have time,” he says there and sucks. Dean arches into him.
He grips the other man’s arm and it’s the only way he can hold himself together and remember to breath, as he continues to feel Castiel pound into him. When his thumb grazes over his right nipple, he squeezes down in pleasure and Castiel does it again and again and Dean just moans, loudly this time, feeling a little self-conscious about it, but forgetting it once Castiel moves, taking him in his hand. He runs a finger across the slit, and Dean realizes he isn’t going to last long and knows it’s the same for the other man too.
Now though, Dean didn't have Sam to worry about. Well, that was a lie, he was always worried about Sam. But Sam was good. Better than him, and Dean avoided thinking about the now-Sam. It hurt, for way too many reasons.
“Ok, I got it. No talking. Not that I have anyone to talk to about it” He matters the last bit, but Cas hears it anyway and offers him a small smile, that Dean ignores again.
He starts fast like always, but half way through he starts to slow down, it’s not like the water will turn cold, though he thinks the actual reason that makes him stop and not rush is the shampoo he is holding that Cas, always smells faintly of.
Cas squeezes his shoulder again, Dean remembers suddenly how adamant he was on aftercare, he remembers him explaining it to him, who despite his knowledge having grown since before Cas, he was still unwilling on the idea, uncomfortable. But Cas had made it clear, no aftercare no anything. Dean has learned to appreciate it since, seek it, like it as much as all the rest.
anything special, the most impressive thing he’d done was take custody of Sam, really that's all he did (even if it was just the shitty attorney that did all the job and really Dean was impressed – he cried for like five minutes in the courts’ toilets – when they won that one) and if he has to work double shifts and sometimes hold two jobs, so what? Sam was the one that did the hard work, kid studied so much sometimes he forgot to eat or sleep properly. Dean was just there to cook, remind him to sleep and provide the money. It wasn't that impressive; he had done that for almost two decades. And he wasn't particularly pleased when Talbot, had said during the interview that “
He removes his hands and opens his eyes, looking at Castiel with an unreadable expression. He isn’t blushing as much now, though he looks far more endearing when he blushes, Castiel muses.
Castiel looks behind him at the tables, it’s not very crowded for a Friday and he is glad about that. He doesn't like places where a lot of people are, it makes him feel like he is in a cage, or really back at his parents house, which is why he always sits next to a window if he can help it.
A voice rips through the silence, startling Castiel from his thoughts. He turns on his left giving Anna a bewildered look, as she walks to stand next to him.
“Listen, Cas, I appreciate the sentiment, but I had this argument with Sam and I get that it’s not an excuse but-”
They stay like that until their breathing is even, trading kisses lazy kisses and small smiles and Dean feels almost like a kid; a laugh, that he doesn't externalize, bubbling in his chest. Cas pulls out, just before it gets disgusting and they wordlessly move to the bathroom.
When he steps in the apartment, he hears Sam’s and Kevin’s voices from the living room and he closes his eyes exhaling soundly through his mouth, his nape aches from the tension.
A silence follows after that, where they both stare at each other. Dean with a pleading expression and Castiel with hard eyes and lips pressed into a firm line. After a while, Dean clears his throat.
He flicks his wrist in a way too familiar way and Toms’ hips move trying to match his rhythm. Dean kisses his neck and with his free hand reaches for the bottle of lube, opens it and coats two of his fingers and pushes them into himself. He is already loose from before, but he doesn't think about that, instead he works up a third finger and then a fourth. Ignoring the hungry look Tom gives him and the hands on him.
When Toms’ breathing is back to normal, Dean gets up and goes to the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He showers a second time today, but now the water is hot and Dean sighs under it, his muscles relaxing. He is fast but not too fast, he doesn't like staying for longer than he has to, besides they didn't agree for a second time tonight. He rests his head on the tiles breathing deeply for a moment before turning the water off.
“It’s time to take the next step. Get yourself fully out of the house. I know you are scared and it is completely understandable. But, you know you can’t live in fear, it obviously isn’t working.” Crowley says calmly and with that voice he uses when he wants to get something across. “It’s been two years and four months” Like Castiel doesn't know. “Staying in the threshold is as bad as staying in the house”
He looks the same. Lanky, blonde but now with more grey hair, same beard, same posture. And so harmless. He is like everyone else.
Right, that. Dean swallows and pushes down the dread that wants to fill his chest and asks in a careful voice. “So, what’s wrong?”
Dean turns his head to look at him. He is calm and collected and he has this foreignness to him like Cas had in the beginning, he had it in the end to but you had to look to find it.
Castiel inclines his head up, looking at the sky and a small smile graces his face and Dean can’t stop staring at him.
Castiel opens the canister and using the spoon that’s already inside puts a spoonful in his cup. He wants to ask if Dean has evaporated milk, but he can’t find the strength to ask, so he settles for just sugar. He raises his head to request a spoon to stir the coffee, but before he even opens his mouth Dean gives him one.
Castiel startled looks up from Billies’ latest autopsy report and his notes, sprawled all over his desk and sees Anna in the doorway of his office, smiling at him softly.
“Alright”. Dean replies because he doesn’t know what else to say. He gives him back the same smile, and watches as Castiel releases a breath and his muscles start to relax, making Dean’s stomach clench and he thinks he is going to hurl.
“Have a nice evening” Novak says and begins to walk towards the exit, and Dean just nods, a little confused.
“Yes, Sunday” Dean looks at him questioningly, but Cas just shakes his head, walking out of the shop. Dean turns to look at Gabe, who just shrugs smirking at him.
“Nugh” he starts, then tries again “No going upstairs?” he asks cheekily, despite his dishevelled state.
“Well, I still can’t find something that will connect Milton with Asmodeus so…” she exhales loudly and crosses her hands.
And he is old now. Old enough that all the anger in his chest is gone and in its place is a heavy weight that makes his eyes sting.
“What?” Dean says confused and a little panicking, hearing the word, but taking him seconds to process it.
He sits up abruptly, pushing the duvet away from him, rubbing at his eyes and then looks at Castiel expectantly. It’s cold and he wants to wrap himself in the covers again and lay down.
His heart jumps a little in his chest, he has never seen Dean like this before, well not that he has seen much of him outside his apartment. Nevertheless, Dean is always composed, or at least, Castiel has found this past few months, he wears a mask that gives people the impression that everything is fine and under control. So, seeing him in a chair with dry tears in his face and eyes so sad that make Castiels’ throat close up, makes him feel helpless and protective and he really doesn't want to dwell on that.
“I don't think I look different” She laughs a little at that. “I am fine, though” He adds, giving her a small smile and goes to his office.
. “I never thought I’d live in a house. I mean I wanted to get this house, even if it's a little big for me, it's the only one I liked from when I was looking to buy. But I don't know, I- sometimes I get scared.”
“She lives next door with her family and I think its really sweet she decided to do something like that, with Dr MacLeod of course. Everybody should have the opportunity to go to the doctor, especially when it comes to matters of sexual health…”
, Dean doesn't say, but smiles stupidly at him and he is pretty sure he is falling in love with the idiot.
“Anna, it’s” he sighs and licks his lips, trying to think of what to say. He almost gets angry, hating this. This walking around eggshells conversation, it’s not like he will break. “I don't, I really don't want to talk about it” he settles for honesty.
Castiel’s eyes widen, but he is still a bit confused, then his expression changes to one of irritation. That doesn't mean he is not allowed to read, everyone is allowed to read. He has a feeling though, this doesn't just stem from him being a prostitute. He thinks that if he tells Dean that, he will scare him of and probably get yelled at. He sighs softly, feeling the heavy atmosphere settling around them.
and Dean feels like a stranger. The last one is Cas with an older man that has similar eyes as him, but not as blue as his. He doesn't think anyone has Cas’ eyes.
Dean would be 175 today, if they kept calendars in heaven, similarly with earth. As it is, time works differently here, although they do celebrate birthdays and anniversaries but in a different time frame.
Dean hastily gets up and follows her through the door. It leads to a hallway with a lot of doors and on the other end of it there are double doors. He sees her turn on a room on his right and follows her in. It is a standard examination room, with a bed and all. It is also white. What’s up with all the white? His palms are a little sweaty. He sits on the bed and Dr MacLeod turns to him with smiles. She rather beautiful, Dean things idly through all the haze in his brain.
“Dreamy, is downstairs. Don't know what for, he was talking with Donna. I didn't get a chance to talk to him, thought you should know” she smirks at him, her eyes sparkling with mischief.
“It’s just- You are like” she stops glancing at something behind his shoulder and then back at him “You are almost like before” and she says it so carefully, hesitantly even.
When he gets into Castiel’s car, settling on the passenger seat, he scrunches his face, his stomach turning at the heavy lavender smell. He casts a glare at the flower shaped car scent that is dangling from the mirror, as Castiel pulls out of the university grounds and into the main street.
Sam is good too. He moves more lightly; the edge, the past few months had put in his voice, is gone. He breathes a little easier and when Eileen knocks on the Bunker’s door a day after everyone has come back, it’s as if something settles in Sam. His whole being relaxes and finds a place as he hugs her tightly in the middle of the war room. When Dean hears Sam sniffling he takes Jack with him to the kitchen to make dinner.
“Dean” there is something in his voice Dean can’t name, but his name sounds too much and Dean stares at the almost finished coffee, gripping the cup tighter.
As they walk further into the house, he notices the open space, where on the left at the end, is the main door of the house and sees a stairway on the left, leading upstairs and swallows thickly. He follows Cas further on the hallway, and sees him turn right, in what Dean can see is the kitchen, but instead of following him he turns and looks around him. On the opposite side there is an opening and he can see a couch inside the room and nothing much from where he stands. He eyes dart around the hallway not that there is much to see  they are bare apart from two.
“I know” she says loudly, recoiling at his words and Dean knows how useless they are. How much they hurt, how much revulsion they bring. You are aware they are true and yet...
He hates the town, it’s cold and small and everywhere he turns there are stupid idyllic houses occupied by stupid idyllic people, with stupid Christmas decorations and worst of all Michael is here. Not that Dean dislikes him per se, yes he is the reminder of another Michael completely different but still the same in some places. And yes he is a little angry with him for what he did with Chuck but most is forgiven, there is no point anyways. This Michael learned his lesson with his father and Adam seems to be a decisive point in that change.
Cas moves his hips in circles making Dean throw his head back in pleasure. He feels him unbuttoning his jeans and opens his eyes.
He glances at the girl at the end of the aisle as she browses the books and he sighs. He gets up and takes the book with him. He moves around the library feeling tired and groggy, which isn’t really a surprise considering he hasn't slept well in the past week.
Dean nods, sympathising, he met Ms Tran, Kevins’ mum, five years ago on November, a month after they moved, and is that woman an opinionated fusspot, but she grew on him. Kevin was the first friend Sam made in the new school and his mum has helped them a lot, since learning that’s just the two of them.
They follow Amanda, the wife’s sister further in the house until they reach the kitchen where a woman with long brown hair sits hunched arms wrapped securely around her as if to protect herself. She is Esme then.
He gets dressed a little hastily and sits on the bed to wear his shoes, but stops mid-air, holding a shoe. He feels the need to lay down and curl in on himself. He swallows and breaths through his nose, counting to ten.
He takes the burger in his hands and takes a bite and has to hold back a moan. He chews slowly and swallows opening his eyes and staring at Castiel who is smugly looking at him.
Castiel gets up and sits on the ugly brown couch next to him reaches across and kisses him deeply, making Dean gasp and he slips his tongue in his mouth and Dean lets out a moan, low in his throat. Castiel pulls away slowly and Dean flushes remembering where he is. The other man watches him and Dean knows he looks like an idiot, eyes unfocused, cheeks red and lips parted, breathing heavily.
been stalking me” he blurts, instead of a greeting. This earns him a smile, which for whatever reason stirs something in Dean and makes him feel like he accomplished something great. He pointedly ignores it.
“Dean-” he repeats and the concerned look is back again this time five times worse and Deans’ shoulders slump.
It’s good. It feels incredible, thrilling and for once after a long time, he feels light on his feet. He can breathe easier. He has something to hope for tomorrow, someone to talk to about stuff he cares and doesn't care, that matter and don't matter. He can just be.
He sits at a both that looks to the street and nurses a cup of coffee for sometime now. He doesn't feel like working, though he knows he should, the money from the regular on Wednesdays, though well, aren’t enough.
There is Jack as well. Jack who stares at Dean in the eyes with admiration and love and Dean looks back at him the same way. What surprises him is the guilt he finds in both of them, not in him, Dean swims in guilt especially when it comes to the kid. Is the guilt Jack has and Dean tells him so one night in the kitchen, both of them eating cooking crunch cereal.
He has barely enough time to turn himself away and find the toilet seat before he is throwing up the lunch they had an hour ago. The smell fills his nose and he gags. He scrambles to flash the toilet still on his knees. He has the sudden urge to beg but stops himself. The only being that mattered enough to is gone. He doesn’t even know what he is going to beg for, forgiveness maybe or retribution.
Both Hannah and Inias look up at him questioningly, a bit of alarmed and nervous, though Hannah is better at hiding it than Inias. Castiel shakes his head slightly, trying to be calm, he doesn't want to think how he looks right now. No doubt how he feels, vehement and exasperated. He runs a hand through his hair and sighs.
“Yes” he lets out, after a few seconds of him trying to collect his thoughts, it’s croaky and barely holds back a wince.
He breaths deeply, listening to the leaves rustling. He looks up at the sky. The moon is just a sliver, it’s peaceful and quiet and all he can see is Cas dying. He gaps softly, pressing the heels of his palms in his closed eyes, trying to think about anything else.
“It’s good to have you back.” He says over whatever Cas was going to say, because he can’t hear it now.
, he tells himself. His eyes move though after a few seconds, to someone on Deans’ far right, “Yes?”
His eyes fly open and he wheezes out a breath. He consciously tries not to think about the dream, even if all he sees, regardless if his eyes are open or close, is a deep blue.
He ends up outside of the police station and refuses to acknowledge why or the traitorous feeling that rises in his chest and almost chokes him. He presses it down or fools himself into thinking that he does.
The first year and a half was difficult, they hardly saw each other with their working hours, but now Dean only stays at the bar until closing time, only a couple of nights a week. He didn't like it at first partly because he was worried, although he did trust Pamela and Benny to close up and that they could run things when he wasn't there, and partly because, well, he actually likes his job. But Cas,
“Hi.” he responds, voice wavering slightly and he has to hold himself form cringing visibly. He flashes him smile and Castiels’ frown dissolves a little.
When he turns it off the silence hits him, banging on his head but he doesn’t turn it back on. He reaches for the shower gel gulping audibly.
He is out before the doors have fully opened and he almost runs on a person, but he doesn't stop until he has reached the area where the officers’ desks are. His eyes move to Donnas’ desk and sure enough Dean is there talking with her. He is smiling and gesturing with his hands as he says something to her that makes her laugh and all Castiel can do is stare, breath caught in his throat.
He sees as her eyes widen and her lips part slightly. She blinks at him after a few seconds and closes her mouth, swallowing.
He hears Castiel breathing heavily, feels the goosebumps rise and slight tremor underneath his hands and something in him wants to make him fall apart. He starts moving his head and flattens his tongue, it’s a little difficult, it always is in the beginning, but he doesn’t stop. Instead he takes more of him into his mouth as much as he can, with this angle, and he relaxes his throat, his eyes watering just so and feels Castiel’s fingers tighten in his hair, hears him let out tiny moans. And he wants more, he is aware that Castiel is holding back, by the way he only lets his hips move just so, or stops half way through, but he wants all of it, have him fuck his throat, but they can do that another time. He knows Castiel is close and he feels his own cock throbbing, but it doesn’t matter because all he wants at the moment is to taste and all it takes is a few more seconds before Castiel spills down his throat without warning.
“I’m just going to grab something from the kitchen, alright? I’ll be right back” he doesn’t move though, and Dean realises he is waiting for a reply.
After a few minutes, he hears a song coming through the speakers in the shop and now Dean does roll his eyes. After a little bit though he has to admit it’s not a bad song, not his liking, but not bad. He notes there are a lot of officers that come in the shop, and that they are acquainted with Benny and the other guy. He guesses it’s normal as this seems to be the only one on the street and directly opposite of the station.
Because he is angry at Cas. Cas who, he hasn't left despite all the things he knows, despite who and what Dean is. And Dean hates him for it and also doesn't, because he doesn't know what to do with all that. He doesn't know what to do with the feeling in his chest, the changes in the way he sees things, and most importantly himself, especially when he is around Cas, the fact that he has let himself believe things, things that were never meant for him or last night. God he is going to explode, he can feel it in his chest. All those years, all those things building up and he is going to explode right here in Cas’ kitchen. He puts a hand in front of his mouth as if it will contain everything that is going to spill out, and tries desperately to breath.
Or maybe dad always knew there was something off about Dean, but he had thought he'd managed to kill it.
He swallows thickly and is saved by the waiter bringing their bill. Castiel pays, because Dean is the one driving them and willing to take him to pick up the wedding suit, hence covering the gas expenses, his words.
George Bennett, their second victim, had his heart ripped out as well. Dean thinks it’s definitely a werewolf despite Sam’s insistence that the full moon is weeks away.
He tips his head back, letting out a breath and lets himself feel the excitement she is feeling and smiles looking back down at her. “You know I do”
A girl, who Dean has come to recognize since she participates a lot, and because her voice is quite high, thankfully not too unpleasant “Professor, do you think that a PhD is a good thing to have?”
doesn't know anything. He doesn't know what he is doing. Or what they are both doing, because it’s not like anything will happen, not that Dean wants anything to happen. Despite how his stomach flatters at the thought of the man. He ignores everything and heads to the impala.
“Don't get angry.” He says hastily and rips a page from a notepad, writing something on it. “If something happens” he adds handing the paper to Dean.
“Not really” comes Sam’s reply, “but I think Michael is right, we are dealing with some sort of god or demi god.”
The first thing Dean notices when he enters the clinic is how clean it looks. It makes him feel a little weird. There is soft music playing in what he assumes is the waiting room, that has a counter and some comfortable looking chairs and some plants. There is a woman sitting in one of the chairs, reading a magazine.
She had taken one look at Dean with something that he couldn't word then and has been erased through the years. But it was something that had made his stomach curl with shame and wanted to apologize for what he didn't know, so he hadn’t told her anything. And when she asked for his dad, he just told her he would be back in a while, and when she asked for money, - Dean wasn't good at saving then but he became better later on -, he handed her wordlessly a twenty-dollar bill and kept the six dollars for himself and Sam. She again gave him a look and shook her head muttering under her breath and left with a muttered “alright”. He was lucky, he realized not too long after.
? If there is one thing that Dean learned in his induction week is that if you have a problem you contact the lecturer if it’s academic (otherwise the administration office) and only if it’s not in the handbook or website, the programme leads are to be contacted as a last resort or if you are in real trouble. And if they can’t solve your problem then you move up, or better yet they refer you up.
“So you killed their husbands? Real mature. You are a real star, you know that?” he turn his head away from her staring at the bottles on the self.
At the time it was a harsh realization, because it was ripped apart and clouded by Amara. It wasn’t the same thing, but all these talks about what was destined to be, what his deepest desire was and it had the face of someone Dean hated. It is why the realization was wrapped around guilt and shame, like the feeling was but that was for entirely different reasons.
“And you know Cassie...?” He asks with something Dean knows, but can’t identify. Also, Cassie? This must show on his face because Castiel, shakes his head exasperated.
He collapses on top of him and they stay like that for a few minutes. Cas breathing against his collarbone and him holding tightly. Cas lifts his head and kisses his neck, before moving away and out of him, and Dean barely catches the whimper escaping him. Cas gets up and takes the condom off, tying it and Dean watches him open on his left and turn the light on, on what he can see is a bathroom. He moves his eyes and stares up at the ceiling and finds he can’t move. There is pleasant buzz under his skin and he doesn't want to break the euphoria.
He watches him leave and turns to go to his office. He likes Victor, he taught him a lot from when Castiel was working with him and Anna. He was a reliable and honest person, something Castiel appreciated. Though mostly he respected him for his work ethic.
Dean watches a few seconds longer, stomach in knots, face hot, before focusing on his laptop, trying to read the words on the screen in vain. He exhales through his mouth, closing his eyes and tries again. Stupid asshole, destructing him.
It’s silent after that, both of them relaxing as they sip their coffees, either looking at each other and pretending no to, or outside. It’s the first week of October and it finally feels like autumn has come. The sky is grey and the temperature has dropped and the trees are losing their leaves. Dean likes this weather but hates it when it gets windy. He remembers his mom and how they would rake the leaves in the yard at home, well she did, Dean just fell dramatically on the piles. And if he concentrates hard enough he can hear her laugh.
and Dean can’t help but swallow and fidget in his seat, something simmering in his stomach looking at the building. His mood changes so suddenly, that he feels a buzz in his head. He frowns, working his lower lip between his teeth and clasping the paper bag in his hands tightly.
He needs to stop. He opens his eyes and picks up his clothes, throwing on his jeans and then goes to the bathroom, finally getting a look at himself. He can only see one on the right side of his neck, that is not too dark and he frowns, pulling the collar down and yes, there are two more in his collarbones, at least they are hidden. He runs his finger lightly across them and he shivers. He feels lips against his own and he opens his eyes abruptly. What is he, sixteen, after his first time?
“I know” it’s more of a groan, than actual words, and even though Cas takes a step back, taking Dean with him, they start kissing again. And now Cas moves to his neck and Dean feels goosebumps rise all over his body.
He takes a deep breath. He becomes aware of his shaking as if it’s happening outside his body but at the same time he can feel it too. It’s weird, there is an alarm going off at the back of his mind at the feeling. There is a crushing pressure in his chest that is going to suffocate him. His heart clenches and there is a sharp pain in his chest, maybe he is having a heart attach. The room is spinning. He takes another breath, trying to get a hold of himself, but all it does is make his lungs and nose burn. He thinks in the distance he hears Miracle whimper and he wants to reach out and comfort her but he can’t. Everything is too much.
“I-” she stops, seems to try and find a better way to phrase it. “I know it’s something to do with Dean” Castiel tries not to wince on the name and fails, making Anna withdraw a bit on herself.
Crowley raises his eyebrows in question and Castiel shifts slightly in his seat. He really likes the chairs in this place, they are very comfortable. But now he feels stiff and restless, like the stair is made of concrete.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. It just took me by surprise” her voice noticeably softer, she seats at the stool Dean was seating and Castiel swallows.
It is Sunday and he no longer goes to the garage on these days – Bobby has forbidden him to come in, something about time to himself -, it is how he finds himself seating in a cafe slash bookstore, studying intro to economics and management and hating his life. He came here a week ago with the members of the project he had to do for Bevell’s class for their last meet up before submitting it, and he really liked it. So, he decided to take advantage of that and use it for studying one of the worst subjects. It relaxes him being here, especially the murmur of the other people getting coffee, it helps him focus strangely enough. Today though he can’t seem to be able to concentrate. He gets up and buys a second americano, goes back to his table, looks at the screen of his laptop and sighs deeply.
“What? Is it a test?” Castiel just raises his brows expectantly. “Maybe I’ll start with the fries” That earns him a halfhearted glare causing him to grin.
“I’m not going to go with you.” Castiel tells him seemingly to make things easier. Dean’s displeasure must show on his face, something that he doesn’t want to acknowledge, and the other man adds “Not if you don’t want me to”
“Yes.” He agrees for the first time and lets some tears fall silently “I- for months I denied what was happening. I was convinced that I” he let’s out a hollow laugh “that I could say no. Cas I didn't even have a safe word. Sometimes he’d strap me in a stand, blindfolded, I was always blindfolded, whip me and leave, or I don't know, sometimes I think he stood there and watched no words no nothing, just silence, it’d drive me insane. Other times people would come in and fuck me. I never knew who they were. Then he would unstrap me, told me to get dress and left. Other times he-” he stops squeezing his eyes shut, breaths and opens them again saying, “he was into bloodplay.” The
? Maybe, he doesn't have a word for it, it is a weird feeling, it’s as if the world is slightly changing around him and staying the same all at once.
“I’m detective Novak” he says with an even voice, showing him his badge. His eyes seem to bore into Deans, and he resists the urge to folds his hands in front of his chest.
They eventually do get a case in Jim Thorpe, Pennsylvania; a werewolf by the sounds of it. Sam lets him know Tuesday noon and in couple of hours they are in Baby.
He stands in corner, leaning against a wall a bit away from the others and watches them. He bits his lower lip and sees a guy standing on the other side of the road smoking and before he can talk himself out of it, he pushes off the wall and starts to walk towards the man. He feels a hand around his arm and turns, his eyes widening momentarily, before his face goes back to his nonchalant expression.
It doesn't matter, he tells himself and starts driving towards the apartment; he is just one street away when he stops abruptly and takes a left. Before he knows it, he is driving down Romsey road. He stops in front of a white, half hidden by a large sycamore tree - one of the many in the street-, three story townhouse, similar to all the others in this area, with its’ small stairway leading to a dark door and its’ big windows.
“But, you aren’t. I mean Dean, you have taken this weight and-” he continues as if Dean hasn't said a word this last few minutes or the last few years.
“No, Sam” he repeats voice going hard, heart beating fast in his chest. He can’t fathom how Sam would think this is a good idea.
“Could you please close the door? Carmen likes to wonder off and-” Cas says, startling Dean and then stops turning around looking at Dean, titling his head. “You don't mind cats, do you?”
He hangs up, puts the phone in his pocket and exhales slowly. His head is pounding and he tries not to think. He drags his feet across the room and takes the bowl of cereal, empties its’ contents on the bin and goes to the sink to wash it. The sound of water calms him a bit, as do the mechanical movements in order to clean it.
Tom falls next to him and Dean catches on, sitting up. He takes a condom from the bedside table and rolls it on Tom, positioning himself and slides down slowly.
Deep down he knows that this is what they had since the moment they walked through his apartment door that second night. But he doesn't ponder on that thought, like he would have six months ago. He just turns on his side and stares at Deans’ sleeping form until he too, falls asleep.
And Dean, when Sam tells him to talk he almost laughs in hysterics, but stops himself knowing he’d sound deranged and worry Sam more. Talk about what? Dean can’t say his name without his whole body spasming and crying until he has nothing left, until all he is, is an ache so consuming he sometimes feels he’ll die from it.
Cas shoots him a glare “I just never, felt like decorating the living room,” Dean raises his eyebrows, “or the dining room, or… much of the house. The office is full though” he sounds defeated and there is s certain kind of longing in his voice, that Dean doesn't necessarily understand, but it’s fine. He softens.
He takes controlled breaths through his nose and out from his mouth, puts his shirt on and moves to the living room, to put on his work boots.
On Sunday, he goes to the bookshop, later than usual, having overslept. The muscles in his back protesting every time he moves from all the extra work and lifting, he had to do at the garage yesterday. Being a person down is always a pain in the ass, but two is a whole lot worse.
“Dean, man, you are-” he stops, thinking of a better way to phrase it. Dean almost tells him it doesn’t matter, that no matter how he says it, it’ll be the same. Instead, he just watches as Sam furrows his brows and thinks over what to say.
There is a folded paper inside that he takes out and turns over his hands a couple of times. Castiel can see there is something typed in it, but he can’t bring himself to unfold it yet. There is boiling anger inside him and he feels the need to punch something, anything.
“I think you know. Listen, I don't expect you to have a smooth stroll, we both know that's not how it works. It’s normal, that you feel this way, in fact I would worry if you didn't. It’s a big change, a big step, you are letting the past go, you are starting to feel happy and it freaks you out, you are not used to it, and I’m not talking just about Dean. You are socialising more; you are enjoying your life more. So, this guilt for not feeling guilty, is to be expected, especially from you. When you first came here you were feeling guilty and responsible about everything that had ever happened and was going to happen.” Castiel makes a sound at that, but doesn't argue, it’s true and sometimes he wonders how could he be like that. “What you need to do is, realise that it is alright for you to be happy and to want things that make you happy”
“You seem to like it” Dean tells him, causing him to roll his eyes. He pulls back and Dean immediately misses the warmth. He watches as he turns his head towards the desk behind him, and adds, “I can go if you want”
Jody, Donna and Claire come to visit at the end of the third week. Jody calls Sam to inform him, she seems to think it’ll do all of them some good, the especially for Claire goes unspoken.
Dean’s mind goes blank for just a second and tries to think about that day. And then suddenly it comes back to him all at once, like a bucket of ice in his face and he shifts in his seat. He feels the cold, heaviness of a gun in his hands, that just last week he learnt how to use, without the help of dad. He thinks of Sam, who was eight months old and was so small and oblivious, and all seven years old him could think was that when mum picked him up he seemed so light, but actually was quite heavy. That after a while that heaviness became grounding, comforting. It meant that at least one of them ate well.
“So, Castiel” Sam starts much later over dinner, after Dean has returned home from Billie, has taken a long, much needed shower and cooked.
He opens the bunker’s door and they are outside. He doesn’t think about the dream. In fact he tries not think about anything the whole day.
“Yeah, I think. In fact, I am almost certain, that he is a sex worker.” Castiel raises his eyebrows in question.
“Well, you know how hard college is,” she says innocently with a shrug and Dean shakes his head at her.
He gets on his feet and under the shower letting the water run through him. The little hope he had that it would elevate some of the tension, make him feel better goes down the drain and he has to hold himself against the wall so he doesn’t fall back down on his knees.
“Your pain is very strong.” He freezes, the glass cool against his mouth. He doesn’t tip it, his throat contracting around nothing. “Like Orfeas.” She says the name in Greek, the r rolling in her tongue strong.
. He likes walking at night, it makes him feel at peace and sometimes he thinks that the air smells differently at night, which is stupid, still it makes him feel slightly satisfied about life. Tonight though, it doesn't help him at all.
He stills, looking at the crème ceiling of the motel room. Hears the sound the old refrigerator makes on the other side of the room and a sound like a sob wrenches out of him. Tears through his chest and throat and he is flayed open, suspended in midair. In an absurd panic with a jerky movement his hands fly on the sides to touch the matters, make sure it’s underneath him and he is still laying on top of it.
“I am good” he says it carefully, frowning at the cup in front of him and Dean can tell his hands are fidgeting in his lap.
His phone rings making him jolt. He grabs it with his hand, cursing and squints at the screen, what the hell?
He works a second finger in and then a third, before Dean feels that familiar feeling of pressure and waves of pleasure that follow it, he moans and Cas continues to press his fingers there in very other movement. He is panting, his dick leaking in his stomach and he can barely produce a coherent thought. Then Cas removes his fingers and Dean will never admit the whine that escapes him. Cas just leans down and kisses him slow, but not less hungry.
Novak raises his eyebrows then huffs a laugh, there is amusement in his eyes. It’s strange Dean thinks, not in a bad way, just an unfamiliar one; his expressions are limited, going from frowning, to neutral, to squinting, to titling his head in confusion, something Dean will never admit in finding endearing or that his stomach flutters slightly at the sound now. And the one in the library, not that Dean thinks about that.
If there is one thing Dean will never admit, is enjoying the library. In the beginning he just went there because he had nowhere to go, and he needed to protect himself from the cold and rain or occasional snow. Now, he goes because he enjoys it. He always liked to read, and it is quiet in the library, people don't pay much attention to him. Everyone is there for their own purpose. It is peaceful. There is a sense of solitude, almost like the outside world can’t touch him. Sometimes he starts conversations with the people around him and it makes him feel a little like he belongs. Almost feels like he is normal.
Dean smile vanishes and he suddenly can’t breathe, he is aware that Sam continues to talk, but he can’t focus on him. All he can hear is a no no no and his own heartbeat or something that sounds like a heartbeat or a drum.
They are so vivid, so warm, so damn real, that when he wakes up and realizes that all they are, are figments of his imagination his heart stops for seconds, he breaks into a cold sweat, body locking up.
Yeah, if he ever manages to make it that far. But he knows what she means. He remembers her last year after Christmas, she was practically a zombie, she just went to her classes, came back, studied until she could no longer keep her eyes open, slept and back again.
“He is in court,” he says the dip between his brows deepens, “left about hanf an hour ago, it was urgent”
“Hey ya Cas” Dean says grinning, rolling his shoulders slightly and taking a sip from his coffee. God, he loves this coffee.
Sam listens as Dean takes a shaky breath and he is suddenly reminded of Lucifer calling Dean, imitating Cas voice, how his brother run up the stairs.
“I think that we both know, what you fear is. Being left behind. First with your dad and mom, especially your mom, since she kept leaving you behind and coming back, though in a more figurative way than the others. Gabriel for some time and then he came back. Then Mick and now you let Dean leave, because you are not certain you can keep him around and you believe that he will leave at another point. Isn’t it why you closed off and became cold?”
“What’s your name?” he asks him instead, titling his head slightly. Dean runs his tongue over his lips.
“Nah, I’ve written everything in the list, that you took from the fridge door” Sam tells him smugly, then his face turns serious and he asks “Did something happen?”
They are alone now, Michael and Adam having left two hours ago. When Sam says nothing just continues to stare at him, Dean let’s out a nervous huff of a laugh, opens his mouth to say something but Sam beats him to it.
He looks at her and he also sees the black engulfing him, his smile, his tears. He had never seen him cry before. Only once when he was about to and Dean was the cause of it, the largest part of him was satisfied at causing him pain at the time.
“What’s with the eye candy?” she asks finally, making him freeze before he busies himself with picking up Dean’s mug and placing it in the sink. It’s best not to look at each other now.
Dean nods and the tension on his shoulders dissolves, just barely, but it’s still happens and Castiel feels a little better.
It’s one of those ridiculous, happy, sappy, cliché places that Cas used to love. He would probably insist going there with those silent, longing stares that thought no one saw and Dean couldn’t refuse, so he’d grumble and groan gets his coat and spend two hours in there with him pretend to hate every choice that ever led him there.
“Thank you, for informing me, however there is no need. And thank you for not talking to him” he deadpans.
He doesn’t know the moment he fell in love with him. He just realized one night that it was there. That it explained his behavior in the past years. That the overwhelming feeling, the urge to touch, to be next to him, in the same space as him, to be able to look at him, not that he did often, but it was that he could, simply turn his head and see, were love. Was him being in love, so in love that it evoked other emotions and thoughts that Dean never dared voice not even to himself.
he thinks “It’s hard to resist him” she finishes and raises her eyebrows suggestively and Dean scowls. Then after taking a sip from her beer, “Or you know he might found someone to
“I am happy Sam. I want to see you, you know that. It’s just-” where the fuck are you going to stay. With him obviously, he knows the answer. He needs to-
now, though he hasn't called him that out loud, because it feels like crossing a line, is sipping his pumpkin latte.
He runs a hand through his hair, staring at the photographs of the victims, as if they will eventually come to life and tell him the answer. He knows the real reason he is looking is to punish himself. He can’t find the man and it’s slowly eating him.
He watches as she skips to the office while calling at the cat, before he heads to the kitchen. He stops just before he rounds the corner and takes a deep breath.
He turns around and walks up the stairs into his bedroom, closes the door and slides down against it.
It is about a free, walk-in sexual health clinic, that is open every Wednesday and Saturday and it is run by Dr Rowena MacLeod and Dr Missouri Moseley. It says at the bottom that they provide all methods of contraception, as well as screening, diagnosis and treatment for all STDs.
“Nice name.” she says looking at him curiously, Deans smile freezes at the way her gaze changes to appreciatively and slightly flirty “Angel of Thursday”
Things are steady for a while or rather Dean falls on a routine. He goes to work and university – good thing is he only has lectures on Tuesdays, Wednesday and Fridays - he studies and goes to his Friday sessions with Billie.
He sighs, again and picks up the gloves, then he gets up, takes one of the tennis balls and the poop bags, pockets them as well, puts on him gloves and they leave the townhouse.
Eat overpriced cotton candy that tastes exactly like all other cotton candy, that sticks on your fingers and somehow you get it on your hair and he’d make stupid jokes that Cas would laugh at. And they would find their way to the carousel, that they wouldn’t get on, but Cas loves them and Dean always thought they were boring. And he would dump his shoulder against his, just to feel him, warm – Cas is always warm – and solid and it would play a stupid Christmas song and he would start muttering it under his breath and Cas would look at him eyebrow raised and Dean would start sing loudly and obnoxiously just to see him crack. And they would get disapproving glares from the parents around them and Dean stumbling back to the motel, under the low light and snow falling around them he’d think of how simple it would be to reach over, turn his head and kiss him.
He walks out and sees Tom glance up at him, before turning his gaze down and starts typing something on his phone. Dean gets dressed and even though he is aware of the eyes watching him, he does so without being in a hurry. Still there is a part of him that wants to turn around and tell him to get lost.
They make it two steps up, before they stop, realising they can’t climb the stairs while kissing. They are a step away from each other, catching their breaths. They move three more steps and Dean stares at his feet and thinks maybe he shouldn't be doing this.
When Dean has, for a moment, enough leverage and half a head to think, he flips them over, not as gracefully as he would have liked. Castiel lets out a grunt, staring up at him, his hands gripping his hip, cocks pressing together and Dean moans at the feeling, hips stuttering a movement.
He frowns down at the pavement. He doesn't mind the extra walk, in fact he believes it will help him, clear his head a bit. So, he turns around and walks the other way.
“There is nothing to admire Cas. Nothing admirable” his lip curls in a snarl and a tear escapes his eye and he really hates himself for this, last night and everything else. “So, you should cut the whole saint thing or whatever the fuck you think I am”
“It’s a good one,” he agrees “Nature, in his poetry has a lot of faces. It is never-” Dean takes the couple of steps needed to stand right in front of him, in his personal space, effectively cutting him off. “Ok” he says after a second, and Dean realizes he is as nervous and perhaps as unfamiliar with this as he is. Not that he thinks Novak is the kind of person to proposition his students like that. Dean is certain he isn’t.
Dean fights not to roll his eyes and just continues to smile at her, fake and big and she just nods indifferent and moves on to the other form. She presses her lips together and turns to her computer screen typing something and then reading through.
Castiel frowns deeper and Dean wonders if it’s a permanent expression of his, instead he says, “That's for another time”
They are both sitting there, Sam with his back to Dean, writing something on his laptop and Cas, with a book open in front of him. He looks up at Dean, sucking in a breath and stares.
“Nothing, just people are stupid.” She shakes her head disapprovingly. “Would you like full check-up?” She asks with a kind smile, probably the kindest Dean has received in, who knows how long. For a moment he doesn't know what to say. He clears his throat and smiles back at her.
. He takes a shuddering breath, as he watches him sit down on the stool and disposes the trench coat he has been holding along with the satchel, on the stool next to him, the navy fabric of his suit stretching in his biceps and Dean has to swallow.
There is nothing but their breaths now and their eyes, and it’s so loud but Dean can’t look away. He has a strange thought then; he doesn’t want to forget him. He doesn’t want to forget the exact blue of his eyes or the way his voice sounds or his face or the way his skin feels. There is a desperation along with the thought, as if he does ever forget him, he will lose something monumental.
Castiel’s eyes hold an amusement and he looks more relaxed, which effectively relaxes Dean. “You are going as well?”
Novak visibly relaxes, and huffs, rolling his eyes, making Dean grin. “Maybe we should start with someone easier”
When he gets inside and sits on the chair opposite of her, the first thought is that the chair is really comfortable and that her office is not what he expected. There is desk on the other side, dark brown, a bookcase taking all of a wall behind them, filled with books. It’s spacy and tidy. He feels weird, he looks out the window on his right, and watches the tree as it is being moved by the wind. He feels light and heavy at the same time.
“He noticed, about the window thing and I told him. Well not the whole truth I’ve never told anyone about it. Gabriel knows but, well he was there. It was strange and liberating, because I couldn't tell him everything then, I mean about the shutting me in the basement thing at times when I would argue for what I liked, but I felt that given time I could tell him that”
“What I said” he says, in a gruff mumble with an awkward lift of his shoulders supposed to be a shrug.
“I-” Castiel starts then stops himself, licking his lips, “I know we don’t know each other, I know this is just- I don’t mean to presume” then stops again pressing his lips together, seemingly annoyed with himself, “What I am trying to say is” he pauses again, pondering with a frown taking his features and Dean gives him an expectant look, “Thank you”
A man, three tables down, that is staring at Dean with wide eyes and then notices Castiel looking at him and looks down at his phone. Castiel noticed another cup on the other side of the table, along with a jacket on the chair opposite of him and raises his eyebrows, before turning around to look at Dean.
They stop in a town before Columbus when Dean can hardly keep his eyes open. They get a room on the first motel they find and Dean removes his jacket, shoes and jeans before climbing on top of one of the beds. He acts like he doesn’t see Sam’s disapproving face, but he is exhausted. So much so that he thinks that he will fall asleep straight away, might make it through the night without a nightmare, he really doesn’t want to have that conversation with Sam.
“You don't know that” he retorts, for some reason even the idea that Dean might want him can’t fit inside his head right now.
“You shouldn't feel shameful about that. It’s not on you” when he opens his mouth “You were a child”, she adds insistent.
He goes out in the hallway and strains to hear some movement, but he is greeted with silence. He sighs and moves on the other end of the hallway, where he vaguely remembers passing the kitchen last night.
“Wait, is he here? Your dad?” his skin stings from the sudden change of temperature and he walks faster coming next to Cas, who has a small frown in his face.
He parks Baby at the same place as last time and stops. Hands on the steering wheel, he watches as the wind blows at the trees and leaves fall, it’s sort of magical in the street light. He stares at the big one that half hides Castiel’s house and swallows thickly. He lets a loud sigh through his parted lips, running a hand through his hair; he knows he will almost definitely regret it in the morning but there is this want burning through him and if he lets it, he knows he will taste it in his tongue. It’s overwhelming, how much he wants to feel the other man and terrifying, because Dean wants to get to know him, wants-
“How are you?” She asks and Castiel returns her smile, some of his irritation from before leaving him.
He doesn't realise he has been staring, so when blue eyes, that are a lot closer than before, meet his, he freezes and inhales sharply. He sees Castiel’s steps falter, but he soon composes himself, as oppose to Dean, who is standing frozen in place. They soon reach him and pass him, all but him who just stops there and looks at Dean, like he is trying to figure him out, which is not that different from the other two times he’s seen him.
There is light coming from the window on his left, touching his leg and for some reason it unsettles him He has the need to shake his leg to reed of the light. Instead he flexes his hands and clears his throat.
“If they are a fraud, I will hunt you down and kill you and I don’t need to kiss you to seal that deal.”
“I know you don’t want to talk about it, but at least try. The not eating, the drinking-” he stops sighing, “It’s not what he would have wanted.”
“We both know that's not true” she eyes him and shakes her head slightly. He feels like he is being mocked and he instinctively wants to look down, but stops himself. Dean really hates cops.
He is not stupid he knows Sam sort of knows what happened. Knows to the point where he stopped mentioning his name the first week when Dean dropped a mug in the middle of the kitchen like an idiot.
Although sometimes, in the dark of his room, he feels a profuse guilt overtake him. The reasonable part of him understands, he knows is part of letting go and moving on, and that there is nothing to be guilty about. He knows he hasn't forgotten and that he never will but it’s that striking fear that everything will start slipping from his fingers the more time he spends with Dean or anyone really. It’s like in the beginning where he thought that if he moved on, he would erase the past. Its why it was so hard for him to move from the apartment to this house. Though he now admits that it was a good choice, there were too many memories on those walls for him to let go. But the other part of him, the one that wins sometimes, tells him he what he is doing tastes like betrayal and he tries to remember a face and when he doesn't he panics and his body goes numb from fear or remorse or both.
It strangely makes him feel wanted, really wanted, in a deep and different way than what he felt with other people in the past.
“Fine” he exclaims and goes to retrieve the stupid list. Giving it a once over and grimacing. He is not going to buy all these.
He remembers her ten years ago, when he would tell her so many more things. They are still friends, well as much as two divorced people can be, but they have tried for Claire and themselves. They are days where Castiel knows that as much as they try the things they’ll say to each other won’t be nice, they’ll be bitter and full of tomorrow’s regrets. He believes today will be one of those days, from his side at least.
“Every shitty motel room across the country” he answers and Castiel’s face freezes, before frowning down at him.
The woman, gets up making her chair leave a loud scratching noise, which makes Castiel look their way. His eyes lock with Deans and he can see the breath getting caught in Castiels’ throat. Then, he starts to approach Dean, and sits heavily in the chair across from him.
It’s the middle of September and even though Castiel always found comfort in the Autumn, with the colours and the general atmosphere, now he feels like bugs are crawling under his skin. He is standing in a hotel room, not that far from the other one, where a man is lying on the bed, exactly like the first one. Like he is sleeping. This keeps being repeated in his head. It doesn't take a genius to realise, that it's the same person that killed the first guy either.
“Good morning” he greets them, “Upon grading your essays, which should be up by this afternoon, I noticed that most of you have troubles with literature devices, so at the end I will go over them again and next week in the first half hour you will write a test on them, ok?” there are groans at his words and he huffs a laugh, “It’s for your own good” he tells them and Dean kind of dreads it, cause he is almost certain he is one of those that got them wrong. He thinks about his schedule and how he can squeeze a few more hours of studying. He sighs, resigned and focuses back on Novak who is analysing Meursault.
thought you might want some coffee” Dean just huffs in response and Castiel can see him relax slightly.
Dean feels him resting his head against his shoulder and when he opens his eyes again all he sees is dark hair and he runs a hand across them, feeling a sigh against his skin. He leaves his hand there, as they lay on the floor, breathing and feeling each other’s heartbeats.
So, when Sam and Eileen go out for dinner and Jack is in his room watching a new series, Dean is skimming through a book about Rugarus in the library, Cas across from him reading something and Dean sighs for the hundredth time Cas looks up at him sharply.
They stare at each other for seconds, until Cas shoulders his way in and Dean closes the door behind him while trying to make his brain work again.
Dean rolls his eyes and crosses his hands “Two beers?” he repeats and smiles slightly at Sam in irony, and it’s better to look at just Sam, he has decided or really at anyone other than Castiel.
“Ok.” Castiel nods, looking intently at him. He wraps a warm hand around Deans throbbing cock, making him arch at the touch and starts jerking him off. He kisses Dean and younger man wraps his hand around him, holding him and it grounds him. Castiel kisses down his neck and his shoulder and Dean is
“Dean, you know how subbing feels, how those situations are. They are powerful, for all parties involved, addictive some would even call them, even when they are unhealthy. You felt safe” he says this last bit slowly, softly, sad, a little hesitantly because they both know safe is not the word, but is the closest it can get, and Dean squeezes his eyes shut.
“But let’s start from the beginning. He ate three hours before his death and he had sex, penetrated sex, around that time as well. I am guessing after he ate. Then he was drugged, using desflurane, a highly anaesthetic drug. The person that did it used a rag soaked in it. You can see it by the irritation around his nose.” She says and with her hand indicates at the area. “Then, using an injection, on his right arm” She again shows Castiel the spot. “which was a solution of pentobarbital, killed him.” She sighs and shakes her head looking at Castiel. He swallows and tilts his head slightly to the side.
“Did you notice anything odd in the house?” Dean asks taking a bite form his burger and groaning softly, it’s really good, not too soggy not too dry and the spices just perfect.
“So, I know you said you are stressed and want to get away, but how are the wedding preparations going?” he asks, because he needs to keep at the front of his mind that the guy is getting married.
There are things though he can’t stop, like how he flinches if someone as much as raises his hand to touch him. Or the days where he doesn’t once make a sound.
and I needed to feel something different, I needed not to be in control, which ok yes, I know I have all the control, but I didn't know it then. There were so many things I didn't know. Not that I learned them with him. Not the right way, anyways”
“Dean, come on, these things are hectic to begin with, you barely have a time to sit down,” Sam continues and Dean kind of hates him, because he knows he is right. Cas has gone to conferences before, though they usually are one to two days not five, and he barely texts Dean on those. He remembers a few of the two days ones, where Cas would call him at night, could barely form a sentence with how tired he was. Still Dean would appreciate a word, he doesn't want an essay just an
“Hello, I’m Gabriel. And who you might be?” He asks a little aggressively and has a predatory look in his eyes and Dean fights not to roll his eyes.
“Perhaps. But he wasn't killed in this room.” He says with verdict. He moves around a little, seeing the room. It is a standard hotel room. It has a painting of a field at the opposite wall from bed. Castiel stares at it.
Dean rolls his eyes again and moves down the bar to get it, he can hear Castiel’s deep rumble and almost shudders. He needs to get a hold of himself. He takes two bottles back to them, who are engrossed in a conversation and pops one open.
“Oh” Dean says eloquently, then after a moment, “You sure though? I don't want to waste your time and I can ask Sam, maybe I should-”
He reaches the third floor where the homicides and drug enforcement departments were. The floor is mostly empty apart from a few people who are gathering their stuff or working. He walks towards his office, seeing Hannah still at her desk writing, probably her report.
Dean knows he didn't mean to say the last part out loud and because he is an idiot, he scouts closer to him on the couch, but still keeping a respectable distance between them, and asks. “Of what?”
“Am I not good enough for you?” he asks her mockingly, glancing back at her. It doesn’t evoke the reaction he expects. Her expression softens, her eyes are melancholic and there is something close to sympathy swimming in there too for a moment, then it changes into one of faux pity.
“Mick” Dean winces a bit, withdrawing his hand from it, as if the photograph burned him. He knows about him, well not knows
They are not that many people there, maybe thirty and Dean moves them towards the center in a row where just a middle-aged couple is sitting, eating popcorn idly and talking. They sit down and Castiel looks around curiously. Dean checks his phone, they have five minutes until the movie starts.
He looks around and sees a coffee shop across the street, and decides he needs coffee and food, even if it will cost him a little more. Besides, today he has this one john that pays triple for a full night.
Novak nods at him, “Yes, Camus wants to show that society is threatened when things happen for no reason at all and there is no meanings in events.” He finally looks away from Dean and continues going over the themes, and Dean releases a breath he didn't know he had been holding.
Dean scrunches his nose in response and turns his head staring out the window. He drums his fingers against his thigh to the rhythm of the song and watches the streets they pass. He doesn't come at this part of town, people like him don't belong here. Everything is too
It shakes, it rattles in his chest and spills from his mouth, “I love you.” Someone squeezes his chest in the aftermath and Dean stops breathing for seconds after. “And-” he can’t go on.
“Don't know what you’re talking about” he mumbles but hears Benny’s sighs as he moves towards the back to his office.
“No, I’m a friend. Name’s Dean” he says easily, smile never leaving his face. It kind of hurt his face, fake smiling like that, but he needs to get to Cas so.
Sam doesn't ask about it. They just talk about the bar, although it’s obvious Dean doesn't want to talk about anything; his mood going from dejected to angry to dejected again. Because it hurts, he liked it, wanted more and it hurts. It hurts hating Cas for doing this too. Even more so since Dean can’t hate him.
Dean gets up far more hastily than he would like and knocks on the door, opening it without waiting for a reply and closing it with a thump that makes him visibly cringe.
He stops at the corner again for the fifth time and turns towards the door, he’ll just buy a coffee and sit on a table, nothing wrong with that. He walks in and doesn't look around, just goes straight to the counter. There is no one in line, thank fuck, he would probably push his way through, if there was.
“The only reason Becky gave me her phone number is for the seminars on creative writing that the university does. I told her I give some talks and-”
The guy, seating on the table in front of him on the opposite chair, looks up from his book and straight at him, but Dean, upon meeting dark blue, hastily turns his eyes back on the laptops’ screen. He thinks about the literature class and shifts in his seat, perhaps he should work on that. He doesn't know. He looks ahead at the wall that has “Harmony in red”.
And Cas the bastard, looks at him, like he doesn't know what is going on and asks “You want me to stop?”
you seem like someone who doesn't frequent in places where they play Isakov and serve macaroons. Which is totally inappropriate to assume. Forgive me. I am having a rough week, month. Years. I am sorry, I am rambling. Sorry”
She turns to look at him, her pale eyes stormy, her nostrils flaring a bit, her lips set into a thin line, stable.
It’s just that Dean makes things easier, he likes to help others and gets along well with other people, knows how to talk to them, something that Castiel lacks, and he cares a lot, especially about his brother. This Castiel discovered on accident when they saw each other at the library last week. They were talking about The Trial, when Sam slipped into the conversation. He could tell that it wasn't an easy subject to talk about for Dean, but just the way his face lit up when talking about him made Castiel hypnotised. He likes this, he likes to know things about Dean and most of all he likes the feeling he gets in his chest that he can’t identify, but it makes him feel just a little fuller.
“He is my older brother” And the feeling, Dean couldn't identify before from Gabriel, he now gets. “And they will understand” He continues to stare at the poster. “Is that Braden…”
Dean swallows thickly. This is a bad idea. He shakes his head and turns around, seeing a woman turn the corner and walk towards him. She looks at him in surprise but sobers up quickly and smiles at him faintly.
“You were the one praying closer, just an hour ago.” Cas says, just a hint of smugness slipping through and Dean kicks him lightly, face burning hot.
“I-” he mutters minutes later or hours, he is not sure. “I don’t know what to do. I mean I know what I should but-”
Dean offers him a small smile and sits up sitting in front of Cas, who runs a hand down his arm and takes Deans’ hand in his.
He opens his eyes slowly, a small groan escapes his lips as he turns laying on his side, hugging the pillow.
He removes his trench coat slowly, hangs it carefully on the coat stand and goes to sit on his chair. His back is tensed and he feels a pressure on his forehead. He sighs and rubs it in hopes for the pressure to stop.
He does search for Eliot, Seferis and Auden when he goes to the bookstore on that Sunday noon. It takes him all two seconds after he went through the door of the shop, to decide to do so. He finds two collections, one of Auden and one of Eliot, but not Seferis, in fact when he asks a sales person about him, he just shoots Dean a confused look and Dean tells him not to worry about it; he guesses two out of three is as good as it’ll get.
“Doesn't mean it wasn't stealing.” He counters thickly and he takes more shuddering breaths. He doesn't know if it’s the memories or her seeming so unfazed, so understanding.
He gets the book out and leaves it next to his laptop, it takes a moment to realise that Milton is not in the lecture hall, which is strange, she is usually there already, Dean thinks she has another class before them. He frowns and looks at the clock. It is a minute past eleven. Perhaps something happened, she is allowed to be late once, Dean muses. When the clock shows past five, someone asks aloud if the class is cancelled but no one knows. Then the side door opens and a man with messy dark hair, holding a trench coat walks in and sets his laptop bag on the desk.
He is a little hungry, since he didn't have time to eat breakfast this morning, or really a granola bar, so he gets one from the package he keeps in his first drawer. Well, Hannah bought it, because he doesn't seem to be capable of eating breakfast and always ends up being hungry.
But then he hears the door open and footsteps approaching him and he places his hands on the table interlocking his fingers. He can do this.
She had given him a look full of understanding, sympathy and something that was awfully like pity. Sam and mom would give him the same look sometimes when they think he is not looking.
His mouth dries and his hands shake and he wants to leave the bar and town, go and burry himself somewhere. He doesn’t want to just die, he wants to cease to exist, cease to be.
He shakes his head and goes down the stairs and into the street, the cold breeze hits his face and it makes him feel good, more awake and alert. He eats the sandwich as he walks towards the direction the hotel is, and thankfully he knows where this one is.
He is almost finished when the door opens and a guy walks out, his cheeks are slightly flashed and he seems disheveled and something akin to anger ignites in Dean. Before he has time to muse on that reaction the guy smiles at him and Hannah crookedly, and she bids him goodbye, then presses a button on her office phone and after several seconds a light flashes from it.
Cas doesn't notice him and it takes the second time Dean says his name and a slight jump on Castiel’s part, before he finally turns and looks at Dean with a startled expression.
He turns around and wipes the spotless counter in front of him, for lack of something else to do and sighs.
“They are in my name.” he replies like it’s the simplest thing in the world. Dean stares at him dumbfound and Castiel sighs.
He hears the voices of drunk people on his left and wrinkles his nose, no that he is one to judge, still. He thoughts are drifting going all over the place he thinks about Sam and dad and tries not feel guilty about either. But his mind stops at dad, and the state of his body when they called him to identify him and he has to stop walking or he’ll hurl.
“To what? He agreed to what?” he asks, there is a lump in his throat that he is desperately trying to swallow through it.
“If you saw a child, a nine, an eleven-year-old, steal food for the same reasons, would you think he was any less of a person or a bad person”
Dean has been arrested before, not for prostitution though, for shoplifting when he was fourteen. And though he has always been careful, that afternoon he was frustrated and hungry and Sam wasn’t patient either, not that eight-year olds are when they are hungry, and all they have been eating for the past four days is cereal. All this made him careless in his actions. The owner caught him and called the cops, who took him to the station and called John, who after paying bail, made sure Dean understood how much careful he needed to be and that money wasn't for him to use for his malfeasances.
“Well we have been going out for the past weeks and I thought it’s time for you to meet her” she continues in a rush, voice going a little high.
Plus the mere thought that Cas can feel like that about him, scares him to the bone. He can barely entertain the idea, can barely make it small enough to fit it in his head.
“I don't mind” Sam tells him turning to fully face him and there is a small panic in his face; Dean knows what’s coming, the whole accepting speech and he loves Sam for it, but this is not what this is about.
Another night, he hears them while he is on his knees sucking a guy off in an alley and for a second he thinks that Cas is there, behind him, but that's just stupid. Doesn't stop him from shuddering though, and he has to hold himself back from crying. Thankfully the guy doesn't notice, not that Dean would care if he did at this point.
Dean is one step away from murdering his neighbour and whomever he is with, someone who is apparently a screamer. He had hoped that after yesterday they would either be too high – as his neighbour was most of the time-, too tired or at least she would have lost her voice, Dean is surprised she hasn't, but no instead it’s going to be another sleepless half night. Not that he really needs their help for that.
The man straightens up abruptly and stares at Dean, surprise taking over his features, before his expression shifts but Dean doesn't know into what, because he reaches into his bag and takes his laptop out and turns it on. When he looks back at Novak the mans’ expression is expectant.
Dean presses his lips together and after a moment says, “Cas got it for me. And if you must know I like it.” It’s true, when he had saw it first, he thought it was a joke. Dean rarely wore sweaters, he preferred layering, and definitely not turtlenecks, but the thing was warm which earned it like six points. Plus, he looked good.
He makes another coffee and drinks it, and turns on Netflix and watches a movie. He falls asleep half way through. He remembers to text Benny and tell him he won’t come in today, and then sees he has two missed calls from a number he doesn't recognize and almost has a heart attack. He wouldn't call, he reasons. He can’t get your phone number, that he doesn't quite believe, but he is certain that it’s not him.
He glances at the guy again, he is back to reading his book. It is well worn and reads E. M. Cioran, A short history of decay. Dean doesn't know who Cioran is, no surprise there, it is probably a philosophy book. He sighs again, softer this time, looks back down at the word document and starts his essay on “Discuss Taylor and McGregor’s Management Theories”.
As he turns a corner, he sees at the other side of the street an auto shop and it makes him stop. Something about the name is oddly familiar but he ignores it. He is pretty sure he doesn't know anyone named Singer.
“Is that how we are going to be?” he asks, his mouth down turned and looking at Dean with desperation that has the older man soften and shake his head. “Because, because I don’t want that. I want us to be better and I forgive you and I know you forgive me too. So?”
When the door opens, and Dean sees the face of the other man, he releases a shaky breath and swallows thickly. He wants to say something but he doesn’t know what, he doesn’t know how, his mouth suddenly dry. So, he just stands there staring, first at the shock disbelieving expression of Castiel’s and then watches as the shock fades and turns into something sharp, heat and barely contained want.
“You write more” Novak says simply and Dean continues to frown at him, “Your main issue as I told you, is that you are so worried about what to say that you come off brusque, so you need to get acquainted,
Dean watches as the dog runs towards it and shuts his eyes groaning, because he forgot the tugging rope. Again.
“Oh, God I just-” he looks to the side and tries, in vain, not to blush in embarrassment. “I just fainted”
It leaves a strange feeling in him, which doesn't help at all. He moves his weight between his feet and goes to cross his hands in his chest, but realises he is holding the bag with the muffins and stops, dropping them back on his sides awkwardly. There is feeling, a too knowing feeling, creeping in his chest. He feels like a stranger, a tainted stranger that is invading a place he shouldn't even pass outside from. He hears Cas in the kitchen, and he is everywhere and he is good and clean and is Dean is just a mess. He feels like he is dirtying the place, which is irrational, because Dean is- he swallows thickly. It reminds him of how different he and Cas are and how ridiculous Cas is for pretending it’s otherwise and how much of a foul Dean is for indulging him. They are both idiots, but there is a burning want inside him, that might burn him alive and the thing is, Dean can be very self-destructive.
He also knew that Cas didn’t understand everything he knew. Not completely. In the years after they met he came to understand a lot of those things, but Dean is certain he never understood everything.
He suddenly feels the need to bolt, so Castiel won’t see him or worse talk to him. He has no idea why he feels this way, it’s not exactly shame but it is pretty close and he needs to leave. He doesn't like how he reacts when he is around Castiel, he is moving between comfort, which is ridiculous, shame and a sense like there is an abyss between them that, for whatever reason, Dean feels he can cross.
She matches his glare with a wolfish look and smirk that makes her unfairly alluring. “I can take it away, you know.”
He doesn't know how long they are standing in the kitchen in silence and even though he is hyperaware of every little thing both of them do, he doesn't know who moves first. Maybe it’s him, but it doesn't matter cause Cas tastes like pizza and a far away dream and Dean is drunk. Too drunk to think. There are hands on him, his waist and the side of his face. And
in their case – all it does is freeze them in a place where they each live content in the known, silent conversations, that barely scratch the surface, are just enough to lessen the longing. Even if for Dean they were so precious, so theirs. Something no one could take away from him. He is aware deep in his mind, that he would never get tired of looking at Cas, of having that with Cas.
It’s like someone through an ice bucket in his face, it leaves him shocked and for a moment he wonders if that's what he is doing. But that's ridiculous, because Mick is dead.
Dean raises his head and has a moment to look into Cas eyes, before the other kisses him. It takes them a moment to find the right angle and this time he pushes forward until Cas has to take a step back. He cups his face with one hand, running his thumb across his cheekbone and it’s such a soft gesture compared to the way they are kissing, that Dean stutters a breath into it. But Cas doesn't seem to mind, he just lets Dean guide him backwards until he hits the back of the couch and they break apart for a moment.
They stay like that for a moment watching each other, atmosphere too charged to be awkward. Dean wants to say so much at that moment, he doesn’t know exactly what, but he knows that if he let himself go he would have the same pleading expression Castiel’s eyes had earlier, his words probably even more. But he is not like that. So he takes all those words, which half of them he doesn’t know and lets them travel into his hands and feet who itch to move from the energy of it all.
“I’ll see you tomorrow” he tells her, followed by a small smile, that he isn’t certain if it’s directed at her or at himself.  There are times where he feels like he is smiling just to feel a little stronger.
He knows he isn’t being entirely honest, and he knows she knows, his mood for the last six days being the biggest indicator, but he doesn't want to talk about it with her. In the beginning he didn't want to talk about with anyone, it’s why he cancelled Monday session with Crowley, until his thoughts and feelings made him want to crawl out of his skin and he couldn't bare it any longer.
In the first week they mainly catch up with everyone. There are so many questions from so many hunters, but thankfully Donna and Jody help.
The sun hits his face and it takes him a moment to adjust, then he starts walking down the sidewalk, trying to ignore the lump in his throat.
. He gets closer to him, sits at the edge of the bed on Deans’ left side because Oli is taking the most of the space on Cas’ side of the bed.
He doesn’t stop until he reaches Baby and starts the ignition and reaches his apartment, parking in his usual spot. Only then he allows himself to breath. He bangs his fists on the stirring wheel and lets a few tears fall before whipping them angrily. He gets out of the car and into the building climbing the stairs and when he is finally inside the apartment and he has taken a shower he answers one of Bobby’s calls about work.
He looks back down on his screen. He thinks that he should at least find one class interesting, just one. The project he did with the other students didn't help at all, the other members were stressed but happy, excited even, about the degree, the university and Dean was just sitting there trying to think of a good thing to say about any subject. He came up empty. He likes marketing a bit, especially the psychology aspect of it, but in an ok-that's-good kind of why, not the light up face Sam gets when he talks about some of his subjects at school or law. Literature is ok, he guesses, he likes Steppenwolf that they finished last week, but it all feels… empty. Milton is nice, better than some of the other professors he has, but there something about her way of teaching that makes it a little dull or maybe it is just him.
“I’m more of a coffee guy, but sure” he says shrugging, moving further into the room and placing the bag on the counter.
The first thing Castiel notices when he arrives at the hotel room is how good it smells. He usually doesn't like the way hotels smell, it is pleasant, but it reminds him of something plastic, fake. This one though, has a pleasant smell of lavender. He goes further into the room and sees Inias by the balcony door talking to a woman that works at the hotel, judging by her uniform. He turns on his left and sees the bed, where a man that can’t be older than twenty-five lays with the sheets drown up to his chest. He almost looks like he is sleeping, but the colour of his face clearly states that he is dead. He sees Hannah taking pictures and he moves closer to the body. He is fully clothed, Castiel remarks. Something about the way that he is positioned though unsettles him, and he squints titling his head to the side and looking at the man’s face, as if it holds the answer to what happened. It usually does.
Sam's gone, probably to get breakfast. He yawns and closes his eyes. Hears the door unlock and close softly, familiar footsteps walk into the room. He hopes he got pancakes from the shop down the road, with a ton of syrup.
Five months later when he burns the bones of the two nuns, he goes to the payphone outside the motel he has been staying and calls Bobby.
he sighs exasperatedly, and that's what he wants to say. “He doesn't know, ok?” he exclaims instead “He doesn't know what I do or, or where I live.” The last he adds on a smaller voice and he hates himself for it. He waits for Cas to say something, but he just continues to look at him, same as before and Dean can’t take it.
He hits, more than presses the button and drums his fingers on his thigh until it finally reaches the floor.  He nods at the other person already inside and presses the ground floor button, even though it is already lit. He is practically vibrating, but he doesn't care, he just hopes Dean is still here.
“Will you arrest me?” he asks and gives him a grin, that soon vanishes when he sees Cas expression. “Cas-”
He doesn't know who moves first, perhaps it’s him, he does stupid things like that, but then he feels warm and lips touching his and on instinct he kisses back. It’s hesitant and exploring, as if they are mapping each other out first, before it turns into something more needy, more instinctually. Dean pushes forward and opens his mouth when he feels Novak’s tongue on his lower lip, and shudder runs down his spine. There is a heat that moves from his chest to his lower stomach and he relishes in it.
They are talking about Jo and even though Castiel has never met her and only knows her by what Dean has told him, he feels a few tears in his eyes.
“If I had to guess,” he starts and suddenly Dean wants him to shut up, “Sometime before he started working with Crowley.” Then he adds after a second, “Not completely, just the beginning of something.”
He swallows thickly and stops himself from correcting her, because there is nothing to correct, that’s what they were. Silent moments and long looks are only enough in the beginning, where the unspoken things feel precious, daring, fill up a space until one person does something. After some point though – years, a
“Dean” it’s his only reply, and it’s desperate, urgent. He drags his lips from Dean’s jaw to his mouth and gives him a slow kiss. Dean moves his hands and unbuttons his shirt and then his slacks and they move to the bed and Dean loses his jeans as well in the short distance.
Dean looks at him brows furrowed contemplating what to say, because Cas does that now too, looking at the world around him looking peaceful and content, and he can picture him, young, a child just siting at a desk with a woman, miserable. Because Cas is the kind of person, or as Dean has come to realise, was shaped to be a person who no matter how miserable or sad he is, he appears stoic and unaffected. To the inattentive eye at least.
“Ok, well,” he says unbuckling his seatbelt, “you getting out of the car or what?” he steps out walking to the building entrance, not stopping to wait for Castiel until he reaches the entrance.
feels small. He takes a breath, “I met him one day, I don't remember exactly how, but one thing led to another and I was subbing for him, just him. It was-” he stops takes a trembling breath and feels Cas squeeze his hand, making him look down at them.
He frowns at him but pulls a chair and sits opposite of him. He shifts slightly until he sits comfortably in his chair. A silence falls between them, it is a little awkward, and Castiel searches for something to say. Anything. But he finds nothing. God, he sucks at this. Then Dean finally aks, trying to sound conversational.
He doesn't close the door. Oli, who has been following him everywhere, just sits on the matt outside the shower and looks at him. Dean looks back at him and wants to say
He is just starting the third episode of the Alienist, - after booking an appointment with Billie Thani - when he hears the door of the apartment open and after a few seconds he sees Sam walk past him saying a muttered “Hi”, before going to his room.
He pulls back with a sound, and becomes slightly aware of the spit and come running down his chin, but he doesn’t care, he just wipes some off with the back of his hand, trying to calm his breathing and stares up at Castiel, who lets out a long sigh. He pulls himself up on his elbows and looks at Dean, who still feels dazed and he is sure his face conveys it.
Sam rolls his eyes, muttering something that Dean doesn't catch but ignores it. If there is one thing he learned since Sam turned twelve is that, with teenagers there are a few things you need to let them slide. Like muttering and eye rolls.
“Yes.” He pauses again, then says gravely “Continuing from what you read, “It’s funny how I see myself like a sleepwalker or blind, that is seeking you with his palms open and with his eyes closed. I’m despicably horny and I’m thinking of nothing else but fucking you all night. And I cannot write to you differently” Dean holds back a choke, his hands balling in fists and he digs his nails into his skin, because the way Novak says fucking is unfair and this entire sentence he just spoke, made Dean half hard. But the other man continues unaware of the effect he has, “He had a way with words. Another says “even if we were together from day to night, it wouldn't be enough. We would have to swallow each other. And all these are too horrifying, for me to like them.”
“Listen there are two- three categories of people who get a PhD. People who want to be professors and mainly do funded research, people who want to please their egos, parents, or they can’t do anything useful in their lives and they know it so, they need that Doctor before their names to feel important, and three those who want to delve deeper into a particular domain. Some of the last ones end up becoming professors. Ok?”
“It’s not a phone call,” Dean tells him stumbling backwards until he finds the bench and sits heavily down.
Finally, they avert their eyes and go back to their respective books and only glance at each other from time to time. And Dean doesn't ignore that giddy feeling going through him at that, no matter how silly it is.
It hurts something in him, something he didn't realize it could hurt, because he knows how much he is lacking, but having it come from Novak is something else entirely.
He opens his eyes, hands closing into tight fists. And he turns to look at him. He is standing in front of the steps, face full of concern.
Castiel’s face bleaks and he looks out the window. Time passes and Dean doesn't think he will respond, until he turns to look at him.
He moves so his head is resting on the pillows and turns, so he is facing Cas’ side and breaths. He shuts his eyes and feels as Cas massages his scalp.
Coffee. He needs coffee, there is already a headache forming at the front of his head and he knows if he doesn’t have a cup he is going to be pissed. He should have, as much as possible, a clear mind for this.
Cas eyes widen and he chuckles softly, and says bashfully, “I broke my phone or a car broke my phone.”
After, he goes to work and feels like a walking mess moving around and fixing cars, for what is to come later. He goes to their apartment takes a quick shower, checks that Sam is alright, tells him that he is going out to the library, feels so guilty for lying to him, but he can’t bring himself to tell him the truth and drives to his first session.
“But if you had to guess when would it be?” The desperation that he has been trying to conceal slipping through the cracks and he knows Sam hears it, because his eyes darken, and the edges of his mouth dip. There is the pity Dean has been trying to avoid.
“Cas” he breaths, forgetting for a moment, then “Cas. We need, need” he is silenced by another kiss.
“I’ve read thousands of essays, I think I’d know” his tone doesn't leave room for arguing and Dean finds himself deflating and wanting to explain himself. He half wants to say
When they reach the bunker the dog is there, sleeping on top of Dean’s bed. He doesn’t know why that surprises him as much as it does. He doesn’t know why a tear escapes him when he sees her.
Dean starts to hum something as he cooks and Castiel feels the tension leave his body gradually. He feels more at ease as he watches him move around the kitchen so naturally. It is strange, but soothing at the same time and Castiel for the first time doesn't feel the need to bolt from something like that.
Cas goes to get up, but Dean grabs his arm and shake his head. “No, Cas no I-” he exhales “I can’t eat right now”
“She is worried, you know with everything that has been going on. She has been taking people off the streets” Dean must be making a face because Cas adds defensively “Well, you didn't protest. She cares you know?”
“You don't have a visitor’s tag and people knock before they walk into a room” she says and Dean knows it will be strangulation.
“Your hands are shaking and you are pale” he says voice placating and Dean wants to scream, “I can drive you-”
“We’ve been over this Sam. You finish your studies and then you can start working. Got it?” And work for what? To come and see Dean? A shiver runs through him and he tries to stay composed with everything he has. The thing is he
Dean stares at him dumbly, sandwich halfway to his mouth. “What?” he asks, lowering his hand. They are at Bobby’s office, where he called to talk to him about a client.
They stay like that for hours, Dean is sure. Until he moves, shivering, across the floor so his back touches the bed and he takes the blanket and wraps it around himself.
He moves to the abjoint bathroom and when he is past the threshold, he gets back out. He goes all the way to the living room, looks towards the door, nods to himself and then goes back to take a shower.
Dean turns to look at him, pleading with his eyes. He sits in the chair in front of his desk, placing his cup on it.
He stops outside and stares at it. For a moment he thinks about leaving, but then dismisses the idea. He doesn't know why he is here. Ok he does. But it’s not easy, alright. He was never good at those stuff.
Castiel thinks about heading to Charlies’ lab to see if she has found something, but he knows that if the redhead had found anything she would call. He gets to the elevator just before the doors close. He looks up and sees Victor, pressing the button for the doors to reopen.
to be wrong. But then the man turns fully at the light and Dean can’t breathe. His stomach is fluttering and he might throw up.
They stay until closing time and Ellen has to shoo them away. Jo whines at her, but when Ellen suggest she helps her with closing, at which she tells her no and shuts up, but does stay to help her. By the time he gets to the apartment he can barely keep his eyes open and he just plops down to his bed, knowing he will have a headache tomorrow.
Dean sits up and takes Cas face between his hands and kisses him hard and he is positive he has never kissed anyone so much before, hell he has never had so many kisses in his life. But it doesn't matter, cause Cas is divine and it is the only response to how the guy looks right now. Because yes Cas is hot, but Cas now, now he is the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen.
Castiels’ frown deepens and sees Dean glance at something behind his shoulder. He shakes his head at him and turns in his seat to look. There is nothing other than a man with a child eating muffins, woman typing in her laptop and
“Mr. Winchester” He turns his head and looks up at Talbots’ face, who just glances at him, before going back inside her office and calling “Well, come in”.
“I wasn't going to come” he says in lieu of greeting and eyes Dean, making him feel small for some reason, which ought to make him irate cause how dare he? “But Sam”
“It is a public library” Castiel responds calmly, like it answers everything. Dean raises his eyebrows incredulously. A few seconds pass where they just stare at each other. And Castiel feels something sifting in his chest, but maybe it is just his imagination.
“Mark,” Dean starts, “he ugh, found that phone number in a victim of a djinn attack in- somewhere in Idaho I don’t know, said the voice sounded familiar.”
Instead, he stays silent and waits for the elevator to reach his floor. They step out and walk the small distance to his apartment. Castiels’ nose twists as he smells the lemon in the cleaning detergent his neighbour insists on using to clean the hallway, as if is not cleaned by the cleaning stuff. She is so preposterous.
“Ok-” and he presses his lips together and looks to the side, like he is afraid that Dean will laugh with what he is about to say. Then looks back at him with a determined face and say “I don't like fries.” And alright that wasn't what Dean expected.
Dean had waited, he had waited from the moment Bobby told him that Cas was in heaven helping. He knew it would take time for him to help Jack, but perhaps he would find just a moment to come say hello. Just see Dean.
He smiles up at him and Dean returns it, asking how he wants his eggs and Castiel panics and hopes that it doesn't show in his face. Not that it matters, Dean has already turned around and is roaming the fridge.
“You have a cat?” he manages to get out, eyes darting around the small hallway, not that there is anything to see, the walls are bare and there is just another door that's closed, further down the hallway, then the hallway stops and its an open space and on the other side the  hallway  continues and -
“Meg studied philosophy and she was, great, a bit brash, but she was my friend, my first real friend. She was the one that introduced me to Mick and to many things- A week after graduation, she was found died. Stabbed to death. They never found who did it” he stops for a few seconds, lost in his mind and Dean doesn't move. “It was a very difficult time for me. I hadn’t figured out exactly what I wanted to do. I had found a job at the art museum here and Mick was looking for a job and Gabriel was here with his shop, he had just opened. So, we decided to move here.”
Dean sighs small, some defeat and exhaustion slipping in there, “When they call me, the schools, they expect to meet a sensible middle aged guy, who is his dad and instead, they get me. A twenty six year old mechanic, with a GED and I’m just his brother who barely-” another sigh, he hangs his head. He hates this shit. Parent teacher meetings with snobbish people, who make comments on how Sam is there on scholarship, with no real parents in a passing way, that is like a knife twisting inside Dean.
Castiel makes a low sound, which Dean has barely enough time to register before the other man reaches forward and kisses him. It’s hard and sloppy and passionate and all the things he has been waiting for all week. They stumble, still kissing, until they are both inside and the door is shut behind them. They break apart, and Castiel says low and huskily, making Dean whine.
She glances at Castiel before her eyes settle back to him, her expression turning mollified, “Dean, Garth will explain everything to you”
They drive for about fifteen minutes, until Anna pulls into a space in front of a place called “Giovanni’s Pizza”. Castiel parks as well and gets out, going to stand next to Anna.
“Did he not answer?” she asks him going behind her desk and puts the paper in a drawer. “He does that sometimes, he probably didn't hear the knock, just knock again”
“I woke up in the middle of the night and I saw him and I- I got up and left” he can still see Dean, laying there peacefully in his bed and his chest tightens, but not for the same reason it did that night. Now it’s regret and longing “I slept in the living room”.
Daniel Hunt’s house is on the other side of town from the other two, in a street full of similar townhouses with a Christmas wreath on the door that is almost identical to all the others. It has four stone steps that Dean nearly slips on from the ice and he grips the railing with his naked hand, hissing at the cold and mentally tells himself not to forget the gloves again.
“I’m not worried” he says trying for nonchalant, but Dean picks up on the defensiveness slipping through.
Dean ends up leaving two hours later and when he gets home Oli whines at him rightfully so. He pets him and apologizes to him, before they leave for the evening walk. It’s pretty late, nearing midnight, and the cold has turn sharper, piercing Deans’ face and his nose feels like it will fall off. But nevertheless, he plays with Oli, who is excited to run around. At least someone is enjoying this.
He hastily gets dressed, picking up his boots and leaves the room. He descends the stairs and leaves the shoes on the last step, stopping for a moment, but doesn’t let himself ponder too much. He knows the more he thinks about it the more he will lose his nerve. So he follows the sound of cupboards being opened and glass against granite down the hallway.
They both stay there, staring at each other, neither moving. Dean eventually stands up and with a last small, awkward smile he goes towards the door.
He doesn't think anymore about it, he turns and hopes there is a pen and something he can write on somewhere in here. And
He sees him frown and belatedly realizes the use of the name, but before he can say anything Cas asks “How are you?”
Dean stills and Tom looks up at him questioningly, but he just dismisses it with a shake of his head and smirks reaching for Toms’ dick. His fingertips teasing over the slit and the others’ man breath catches, before taking it into his hand. He starts jerking him and watches as he moans and throws his head back. And Dean moans encouragingly back at him. He doesn't talk, Tom doesn't like it.
Sometimes he thinks about it in the morning when everything in numb and he is going with the motions.
Dean folds it in half and puts in the back pocket of his jeans. The clinic is near the library, two streets over. Maybe he will go tomorrow. He is a little wary though. Its not the first free clinic and the one he visited before, wasn't so open to people like him. In sort they refused to waste their money and effort on him and kicked him out. He doesn’t feel bad about what he does, it’s what keeps him fed. And sometimes he wishes people would see it that way as well. He sighs and walks at the direction of his apartment, there is a soft breeze in the air, September is almost a week away and he kind of breads it. He thinks about the colder days and how there is nothing but four walls protecting him from it and a pathetic excuse of a heater, that last year worked for only three weeks. He’ll make do.
