Loki gave a sharp, pained laugh and slowly lifted his head to look at Steve, his eyes wide with something Steve wouldn’t put a name to. His face a horrible mask of gapping wounds and blood, sliding down his mouth and neck to pool in his armored chest.  He could see his
“I need-” Thor began, only to be cut off by the bathroom door closing behind a short-tempered Captain. The God sighed into the pillow that smelled fully of the man, hugging it to his chest as he settled down on his stomach to stare at the bathroom door where the source of his obsessions had disappeared “…
with the guy! I read all his comics! I feel so dirty…” Fury cocked his gun and Quill yelped, hiding behind Drax in a frantic leap “Ok, ok, geez!”
“I lead them to you” Loki sneered, climbing to his feet in defiance. Unwilling to be on his knees for Odin’s judgment.
The people gathered, from young to old, prepared their weapons at the command. Armed with swords, bows and hammers, the cheerful spectators soon became a frightening army in a blink of an eye. All Asgardian warriors down to the very last of them. Odin nodded his approval and pressed on. “Let us continue.”
The captain caught the shield in the air and sett his body behind it, startling his opponent; Heimdall’s intuition sang as he caught the whirl of Mjolnir. He was bashed on the shoulder by the hammer flying past, pushing him forward and onto the man’s shield, barely avoiding being caught between the two, but the impact of the mighty hammer and the odd material of the shield resounded in electrical waves, sending Heimdall and many of the witnessing soldiers flying back in the shock.
Thor winced but quickly hid it with a smile. About to explain himself the elderly Master rose from his seat and handed Steven the heavily scribbled paper. “Matters not, my prince. You are young and courting still, I will allow this disruption for once.” Then with a patient smile in Steven’s direction, one Thor had never known the man to even possess, he signaled a door on the back with a long, bony finger. “Pick a piece of marble from the back room” Steven perked up at the order, his eyes wide with delight “I will prepare it for you and we will begin to work tomorrow morning”
Thor felt his heart grow cold as he beheld the smile that parted his father’s face.
To the side Bruce smiled gently at the mortified Captain and the fuming God of Thunder “Don’t listen to him, Steve. I think you looked great.”
Frigga pressed on “Asgard will suffer for it, for what we have done.”
Thor stood amongst them that afternoon, allowing the clouds above to gather as his eyes watered. The first rain drop hit the ground as the first tear slid down his sunken cheek. He cried in soft sobs, the rain falling in steady, heavy drops on dry, cracking soil.
Steven stifled a laugh and finally they released the Bilgesnipe onto the polished floors before the astounded Mother of Gods.
“Aye, it is a complicated existence, when you get to live so long as we do.” Thor said, guilt of his transgressions not that long ago coming back to the fore as he spoke, then nudging his shoulder to the Captains with a wide, frozen smile “You can get a couple of punches in if you like, Steven.”
Steve heaved a deep breath “I’ll be with you in just a second.” And waved his hand in the air.
“You will stop this nonsense.” Loki ripped his hands from hers “This will stop nothing, will delay nothing.”
Tony rubbed his face, willing away his inner turmoil so he could stand and do the one thing he could still do right.
Bruce gaped as the woman nearly tackled the redhead assassin with a high-pitched squeal of delight, matched by Natasha’s own. Steve could only blink in silence at the proceedings, feeling severely out of place, but then again. What else is new?
“Got a Soviet wanting to sing the national anthem, for sure” Natasha joked around a prim sip of her tea, a truly evil glint to her blue eyes as the Captain flushed dark once more.
Steven pursed his lips into a fine, pink line at the overt hostility in Starks tone and the underling meaning “People are free to love whoever they want, it’s about time they could do so openly as well” The captain met Starks eyes with a firm, unwavering gaze “But yes, many gays in my time, as in any other century; just less haunted now then back in my day”
First of, thanks to everyone who has commented so far, hearing from you guys has really motivated me to continue writing this story and I really enjoy hearing your opinions and feedback. So this chapter is dedicated to all of you.
“Hey” Tony chirped, face a mask of cheer as he joined his teammates “How about I triple it and we leave this shack right now?”
“To Midgard!” Thor howled over his shoulder “I have a lady to betroth!”
-----
Thor hummed pleasantly, leaning into the touch and nuzzling the man’s calloused palm “Like what?”
Heimdall nodded and raised his sword to Gamora’s throat in a blink of an eye.
“Aye, I was wrong in waging with my son in such a way, I have brought him hurt and despair like I have never wanted him to know in his life”
Tony slowed his thrusts for a second, letting her off, as her skin became pale and clammy, just a bit too far. Her eyes fluttered, just at the edge of unconsciousness. Tony pressed down and kissed her long, thoroughly bruised neck tenderly, butterfly kisses that always made her giggle.
“No fool” Tony stuttered, earning a worried glance from the Captain as he flapped his mouth a couple of times, rebooting his brain “It’s perfect. You earned every single one of those.”
Steven duked his head for a second, drawing his composure from that endless well of courage and batted his long buttery lashes at the red head gamely “I’ll be holding my breath.”
“I don’t think that is very proper, Thor”
“How did you-? Oh yeah, the all seeing thingy…” Quill sighed at Heimdall’s deadpanned gaze “Look, just let us help, we made this mess in the first place, it’s only right that we clear it up before anyone else gets hurt… Besides” The man smiled crookedly and shrugged “it’s Captain America, we have a civic duty…”
-----
“Master Bragi, Head of Arts.” Frigga introduced with a withbearing smile. The small man barely twitched at the mention of his name and continued to inspect Steven with probing and invading touches.
As soon as Tony walked into his Iron Man suit he was assaulted with withheld messages and alarming videos of the UN meeting that was brought before time with the arrival of an Asgardian General, who then began to conjure Soldiers onto Earth by tens every other minute.
think that
Thor blinked some more before groaning, cutting himself with a wide-eyed look to a peacefully breathing Soldier and pressing his lips tightly shut. Frigga’s lips trembled with contained laughter at her son’s sleepy antics.
“Steve, please” He smiled.
Steve barked a depicting laugh “Yeah, not the best moment is it?”
“Not gonna happen, Thor” Banner chuckled, silently helping the Black Widow get a thoroughly intoxicated Barton off the couch and onto shaky feet. “You are so strong” Hawkeye drunkenly slurred to Bruce’s stubbled cheek “So handsome”
Steve froze in his seat. Mind flashing back to the blank faced man and his terrifying efficiency. To the blood-stained collecting card he had glued to the back of his shield, just inside the leather handle where the pulse on his wrist brushed. Steve nodded sagely eyes meeting with Fury’s in a severe understanding.
They did not ask for more rain.
“Can I show you something?” The Captain finally acceded, the resistance Thor felt on the window door finally gone, but he did not open it immediately, his earlier impish intentions gone at the obvious distress in his intended’s voice.
Steven nodded in understanding. “Yeah, sure Thor, that would be nice.” He then shifted his gaze to his bag of utensils and frowned. “I’ll just go and leave this in my room, see you in the training grounds?”
“Sure is” He agreed, extending an open palm through the ropes to the half-shifted man expectantly “But we showed him, didn’t we?”
“Yes, him and what awaits him”
Chapter 24: Bedding Rituals
Loki arched a dark eyebrow “Someone is eager” the God of Mischief sauntered back to his seat on the bed and retook his readings “Guess it is related to all the talking over the Captain” Loki eyed his again sullen brother “Tell me, does he really sing like a strumpet?”
Thor frowned as he caught the Soldier avoiding his gaze, now staring to the far end of the room to where another masterpiece sat silently. Thor approached this picture with a soft step.
Thor struggled to keep his emotions at bay, his eyes watering at the Captain’s small voice and pressing a loving kiss to his fevered brow “You will, my darling, I will make sure of it”
“Fuck” Tony gasped “You saw it,
Steven was glowing. Resplandescent. Glorious.
And Thor almost did sob when he caught on to the song, that seemingly innocent thrum of the Soldier’s marvelous voice, muffled and languid in the early morning. It was
“Loki told me about the pie.”
“I think it served me a little too well” He admitted, a sheepish glance back to the Guardian “Is he going to be Ok?”
“It’s alright” The Captain reassured “Honestly, I think you take after your father”
“I believe there is an Earthly saying for situations such as this” Sif smirked dangerously “Ladies first”
The Queen cut herself short and gulped visibly, struggling with her words as she gazed up with bleary eyes to her confused son “He is not willing, my dear”
The All Father’s eye sparked with the same flash of power Steve was learning to dread. Frigga took a step forward, shielding her son even as she clutched her sore side. “Odin, please”
“Congratulations Captain, you do your Country proud”
Thor avoided the Captains gaze as he delved into his memories of that horrible day “When Loki swore this, Frandal came to me with the truth. He begged me to save him, a silly boy that he was, he knew he had forfeited his life over a childish prank. He is my friend.” Thor weighted with a grieving sigh “Loki is my brother.”
Steve felt a swell of pride in his chest, his sorrow lifting for a second as he saw the faces of those he could save. And that’s what mattered in the end, isn’t it? What remains?
Steven arched a scolding brow at the rude delivery of his drawing but settled for a blood curling, evil smirk as he slowly set down his minuscule pencil and passed his work to his apprehensive Husband. “It still needs some work but I think it has the right…
And so he stepped away from his husband, stumbling back to sit in the long settees next to the high arches of the open windows, admiring Asgards night skyline with a quaking, heavy soul “When you are ready and you truly wish it so.”
The Master of Arts kept his face carefully blank. “Of course he does”
“You will it so” The God stated, so simply put and not at all helpful.
“Thank you, Sir”
“Just wait” The Captain bit out, stilling his jittery movements with his palm high in the air “I can feel it coming”
Steve gave him a hard, reproachful look, the first sign of spark from the Soldier since Tony had entered the room. “Everyone has a dark side, Tony; you just haven’t seen mine… you haven’t seen me put myself first.”
that has spent the last year half naked and drunk on our planet” Thor’s face closed off in shame “Not even bothering to show his face when
“Oh?” Steven blinked down at the Golden God and pressed the back of his hand on his brow, checking for an impossible fever. Thor nodded into the soft ministrations and grinned up to the Captain “Yes, I fear I may need some… sexual healing”
“Thor” The Queen beckoned, her gaze bright and uncharacteristically beseeching “ My son, heed me now, I beg you”
“Kapitan!” Someone shouted behind him, making him spin in place; meeting the wide, wondering eyes of the squad that he had led not an hour ago. One of the Sergeants cleared his boyish, cracking voice and said: “Danke”
Steve feinted out of reach just as the sword screeched on it’s slide off his shield, the echoing slam of metals making near visible waves of power as Magic vibrated out of the Vibranium shield. Heimdall blinked as he perceived this phenomena. A Mortal instrument immune to his dark Magic. This man was full of surprises.
Thor had watched this man reduce to stutters more than one of the most seasoned Noble men of Odin’s Court. And more often than not, managed to leave the men and women cross-eyed in awe.
“I thank you, Captain” Loki mouthed gingerly, eyes wild now with pain and face contorted in grimaces as every spoken word and twitch sparked and inflamed the gapping, bleeding wounds on his lips. “But I don’t believe I could eat another bite”
“Banner is going to get it when he comes back” Clint giggled, passing another pot of Fondue to the Hulk, like a treat to a beloved pet. “Tell us all about it big Guy, what do you like best of the Captain?”
“Enough, we are here to discuss matters of state!” The Delegate of Niflheim cried, his brow sporting a throbbing blue vein of truly impressive caliber, mirrored by the two hissing Delegates squabbling over a piece of scroll like children.
“Don’t cry” Loki spluttered, a bit of hysteria spilling into his voice as he sat up abruptly, emerald eyes blown wide and fixed on that bearded, trembling lip. “Thor,
“The babies made by this union will be precious” Drax declared, nodding resolutely to himself as he too openly ogled the newlyweds. The Captain flushed and Thor grinned proudly.
Odin rose an appreciative eyebrow at this “So he wishes to learn of the craft? What persuasion? Painting, Sculpting…”
“Nat” Barton gasped “Avenge me”
“Thor?” The Captain probed, blinking down at the goats chewing away as the God opened the locks on the door with quick and eager hands “What are those?”
Kudos and lots of love to all who have commented and shared your wonderful thoughts with me, I really appreciate you guys.
Thor grinned happily and turned to Heimdall with a saucy wink, apropos of it all “And of course it’s a gift”
“Oh no, we are past pitting blames. I do what I want, when I want, remember?”
Thor visibly recoiled from the dark God, his ears burning from anger or embarrassment. “I don’t see how that concerns you, Loki”
“Thank you, your Grace” Steven agreed gracefully, sending the glowering director a weary look. The Director on the other hand, kept his unwavering dark eye on the All Father, near blasphemous in its intensity.
“Sorry, Mother…”
-----
“No, I have kept it from him since I myself found the truth.” Thor admitted “You see, Loki vowed to Odin and Asgard,
Sooo, I did that. I don't know how that will be taken but I wanted to show some of Thor's own vulnerable soul, his love and devotion and for Steve to see this too. Let me know your thought on that. Kudos and thanks to everyone who has given Kudos to this story, commented (especially this, I love chatting with you guys) and bookmarked this (which wow, so many of you already). So much love and gratitude to you guys.
Thor ambled closer to the Soldier, now dressed in Asgardian fashion and looking quite uncomfortable in a long light blue cape.
“Stop whining Clint, you brought this on yourself”
“Deal!” Thor crowed
“Aye, if Asgard is to demand a child it will do it of mine own flesh.” Thor vowed, hammer raised now in threat to the tittering Healers “Steven’s body is his own, to preside over as he sees fit. He has no obligation to meet your wishes. Is that clear?”
“You have been Avenged” He quipped merrily, saluting the stunned God; swaying slightly and looking so very lovely on his knees.
------
“It was nothing, really” Quill said proudly, making no effort to humility as he set his voice in a lower, huskier tone, making Thor frown at the similarity to his own “we were just extremely heroic, and valiant… and manly…”
And without another word for it, the Captain pulled the God flushed against his body, hands guiding Thor’s stunned arm over his shoulder as he set his own on the other’s corseted waist. Hands still clasped tightly as the Soldier began to sway.
“Let’s just… talk like this for a bit, can’t be unproper if we aren’t actually seeing each other, can we?”
“I will do it” Frigga said, stepping between her two children before an argument could start and end as it usually would, Loki sporting a black eye and Thor wielding a knife in between his ribs.
. His trusty shield settled firmly at his back, a reminder of his purpose and of his valor.
“Quite simple” The blond man replied, nonchalant and fierce in equal amount “Anything you don’t want punched, you better cover.”
Tony leapt forward, meeting a heady Pepper halfway, kissing fiercely the Red heads lips, pulling her thin body close to his, pulling back with a gasp as he ripped the satin robe off, revealing her naked body under the fabric. Tony groaned loudly, pulling her off the floor, her legs wrapping around his waist as he ran to the nearest flat surface.
Thor faked a smile over his unease for his magnificent and strange spouse “Nothing” The God finally said, deciding best to leave the matter for another time as he wandered closer to his studious Husband “What are you working on now?”
He couldn’t help feeling he had sold his soul to the Devil. And as he shook hands with the now mollified politicians, he couldn’t even bring himself to regret it.
The man had lifted the fucking hammer, Steve had gone up there and lifted a celestial artifact like it was no one’s business. And wasn’t that a daunting thought, to be face to face and aching for a man so good, so out of his fucking league he was worthy of a God.
Ronan staggered back; hurt, bleeding and rabid. His eyes wild as he met the source of all his struggles. Of his humiliation. The Accuser roared his anger free, raising the hammer one last time to obliterate the land of God’s once and for all.
“Certainly”
“You know what else is nice, Steven…” Thor breathed into the Captain’s blushing ear “I can hold my breath for well over three minutes.”
Steven blinked up at the Giant “Did you just call me a goat?”
“I am not your brother, you big imbecil”
The Captain smiled demurely, his wide hands coming to cover the naked spots of skin that his ruined clothes allowed “It was a burst of a moment… thing, Your Grace.”
“And check in on my nephew, but yes.”
“My promise to you.” Steven declared, taking one off the bands and turning the astounded God’s left hand to hold in his own as he spoke, eyes cleaving Thor’s with that earnest, so sincere gaze that always succeeded in making the God’s heart quiver “I, Steven Grant Rogers, take thee, Thor Odinson, to be my wedded husband.”
Thor’s throat worked for a moment, before he climbed into the cell with a hiss of pain, the holding runes and spells burning him in irritation, reprimanding him though not halting his attempts. Loki stumbled back in shock. seeing how the skin of Thor’s bare upper half sizzled under the attack, and the man pressed forth still.
Heimdall felt pity for the Worthy One and decided best to hasten their departure. The sooner he had the man where he could be honored as he should, the better.
The God bit the man’s lip with promise and a responding whimper was smothered by the washroom door opening and immediately slamming shut. Both men startled out of their passionate haze, the receding sound of disgusted stomping of feet in the adjacent room reminding them again of their guest.
Thor’s fist moved before his mind caught on to his actions, flying through the magic wall into the cell, only but barely missing his brother’s weaselly face. He quickly realized his mistake when Loki captured his fist with an ugly sneer.
is attracting too much
He had always enjoyed the shamelessness of the women of doubtful virtue, shying away from the blushing maidens of court, seeming to Thor far more trouble than a night of pleasure was worth. Even his Lovely Jane… she had never had calms to her sexual desires.
Thor averted his gaze.
“Lessons?” Steven perked, shooting an excited glance at the pair of Gods.
Banner wrung his hands in his lap. “He’s got a point”
“Please, Brother.” Thor groused tiredly, meeting his brother’s eyes with no pretense “You know it is for naught, Steven does not know how to do so.”
Hello! Thanks to everyone who has commented, I love reading you guys. And thanks to everyone who has given this story kudos, we're almost to 200! WTF?! I am so grateful I can't even do words.
------
“Thank you, Frandal”
Steven extended his hand for the other human, standing regal in his Asgardian clothes and long flowing cape. Every bit the Prince he had become as he shook hands with Quill “Well, this is goodbye, it was an honor meeting you.”
“I don’t think I should, Thor.” The Captain said, all reason and discretion. Barton snorted inelegantly to the side. “Oh please, give it a pull Steve, what’s a bit of hammer fondling between friends?”
Thor shrunk in his seat, pulling at the silks covering his bulging thighs in miserable tugs, wretched to the core at the new admission. His throat worked silently for a long, aggrieved moment.
Odin bristled. “How
Heimdall walked into the Council rooms, ignoring the men who attempted to stall him as the meeting had not yet begun. He did not stall; he did not waver. He walked into the conference room and stood at the front of the empty seats. He closed his eyes, letting his dark magic wander the planet, in search of his charge.
“Prepare for battle”
“Ahgr” Barton groaned “He’s so cute, it makes me sick”
Sif shot him a haughty look but accepted the compliments quietly as she clasped hands with the Captain. “Captain Steven, it is truly a pleasure to meet you. Thor speaks of nothing else since your arrival”
Thor rubbed a hand on his mouth, scratching his beard and strolling forward to the couches in the room, but most pressingly, the cushions. Thor needed a cushion.
“Fuck’s sakes, Steve. Where are you?”
“Aye, it is massive isn’t it?”
Steve grinned and produced a small rectangular device from his cloak “I should give you this back.”
“Steven did.” The Soldier said primly. Oh, how Thor yearned for this audacious man.
Steve snickered to himself at the ridiculousness of the situation. He had had time to get his mind on track with this whole wedding affair. He could actually see a future here now, though barely figured, it was there. Steve could have that, no ghosts sitting in the dark corners to drown his happiness with sad reminiscing. No half-truths and tightlipped missions. He could do some good as Ambassador of Earth, maybe more than he could ever do as Captain America.
Chapter 29: Justice
“Lead the way.”
Thor coughed and choked and he faintly heard Stark yell out in frustration: “God dammit Thor! Use your hands!”
Odin nodded once more and sighed: “It will be as you wish, my dearest”
He felt her hips buck; legs flailing in an attempt to stop him or pull him in closer. He hissed and pulled the long, creamy limbs up and over his shoulders, curling forward to press a hungry, filthy kiss on her open mouth, folding her in half.
Thor clutched onto his husband, all his desire and love scorching in his veins and just as Thor felt the telltale clench of his balls and that creeping twitch of his cock mirrored by the Captain’s own clothed member; the man’s gasps growing urgent and releasing a deliciously wanton mewl. Thor lost his senses, he flipped them over in a flash, grounding his hips down harshly between the Soldiers thighs and climaxing with a roar.
Thor’s eye twitched at the audacity of the lovely man “You killed a Bilgesnipe” He repeated, then recoiling as he observed the surroundings “With your bare hands?”
That morning Steven had spent with a council of Mages and Nobel wise men, discussing in sage tones the reparations of the damaged UN building, what fortifications could be woven into the reconstruction and finally, Steven dared ask for a monument.
The Captain met his eyes in a heavy silence, his blue, blue eyes dancing with emotions and finally settling in mirth. “The view certainly helped”
But now.
So had Heimdall.
“You have to be blond” The widow voiced seriously. “And a God, but mostly blond”
They both conversed pleasantly well into the night, Steven spoke of his journey to reacquainting himself to this time and Thor in turn spoke of his tour around Earth, comparing it to the last instances he had spent amongst the humans, many centuries ago. Far more pleasant than now, if only because in his unworried, lustful youth he had not had the burden and heartache he carried today.
The Norn’s truly had blessed him with Steven. Thor had thought.
“Aye, he is”
“Thor is your friend, am I right?”
He would give Thor a minute alone with his friend before joining him. Frandal was recuperating, what’s the worst that can happen?
Steve was free.
“Blow up his ship?” The Raccoon suggested, the large tree nodding agreeably at the animal’s suggestion.
Gamora bristled under the weight of the accusation, the truth under the sentence making her recoil “I did what I needed to survive.”
“Surprise”
“Yeah, didn’t turn out to anything.”
“Fret not, Captain” Lady Sif consoled with a sharp grin as she began to circle the Mortal man “ Your sword will not touch me, intentionally or otherwise.”
“No need” Fury quipped “We aren’t done yet, Stark. We are nowhere near done”
Ronan gasped a hurt breath, barely straightening after the onslaught of the beast when an arrow flew to his feet and exploded. Smoke rose from the ground and in the curtain it provided, Ronan felt a small body slither onto his own, vesting him an electric shock to the neck, startling him as a rounded shield flew and stuck his hand holding the hammer, near causing him to lose grip to his weapon with the painfully accurate slam to his knuckles; only the superior will of the Kree Lord and his thirst for revenge keeping his hand steady as he shook the small body off himself and emerged unscathed from the smoke.
“Does it matter?” The Dark God asked, breaking the frantic Captain from his anguish with the blank tone though his eyes shone startlingly soft “This day, the next, in a hundred years, they are heartbeats… You will never be ready.”
“Perhaps you would like to stay in Asgard for a season Doctor?” Thor offered as they reached the end of the rainbow bridge and a blank faced Heimdall, standing alone and peaceful, his broad sword in his large hands, at the ready to transport the humans back to their realm with a stoic countenance.
Thor felt his voice crack “How dare they…”
Thor nodded seriously while Sif drank in resolute silence.
Thor snickered under his breath and sucked an easy lungful of Asgards cool midnight air as he followed his friends into the night.
Many times he had caught Natasha staring at the Doctor, her eyes remarkably soft as she saw him grow more and more relaxed with the children, showing an incredible ease to manage them even at their most rambunctious. As the incident with Steve’s shield and the barn doors proved.
“Oh, that reminds me” Thor crawled to a crouch next to the magic cell, dipping a hand into his heavy cloak and pulling a small parcel from its cozy hiding, still warm from being kept close to his side. “Steven sends his regards”
Steve nodded, head tilted for the near manic gaze from his husband “Yeah, I have that meeting with the UN for the inauguration of the monument and that other meeting with Director Fury for the Strike team.”
And now, after all Steve had lived and seen. He could see his reasons. He had always thought that the bravest thig to do was to go and fight, now he could understand the valor of staying, and that was brave too.
It took an unbearable moment of deliberation from the Captain, who bit and worried his plush lips all the while; before finally, nodding slightly and in that act, releasing a well of tension from both their bodies they had not noticed they held; as the Soldier’s shoulders relaxed he smiled a sunny smile, so bright with hope Thor could only tremble to behold it.
“A medical appointment”
“Make it convincing.” Thor said mutinously with a mighty pout.
The Archer gawked “You’re paying them in gold to move like
“Goodnight Thor.”
Quiet.
Tony found him some blocks up, following the eye of the storm squarely into Central Park. Where Thor paced and raged like a caged animal.
“Cheat I tell you” Thor insisted with a pout, turning to his chuckling husband and commanding “Steven, avenge me”
The charming man cheekily rested the back of the book on the Gods head, prompting an amused chuckle from Thor’s lips and as he read out loud, clear and emotive as he is wont to do. Thor let the shame and violation be washed away by the good man’s voice, vowing to himself to do better, be better, and somehow repay this miracle of a man for all he has suffered in his name.
Thor was itching to say something scanting to the unexpected guest when Hawkeye cleared his throat and pointed outside towards the rainbow bridge.
“Thor, will you be joining us for the hunt or will you prefer to spend the day with Jormungandr?”
Heimdall rose to his feet, his all seeing eyes meeting the All Father in that soul scorching honey gaze. Odin smiled.
Steven took another bite of the apple and shot a pointed glance for the pinning God “You’re really climbing up the wrong tree there Thor.”
The God lost the fight with his tender emotions and dared to skim his fingers over the curled lashes, retreating his hand at the warm tickle against his digits, like butterfly wings batting under his fingertips.
“I told you” The Captain smirked, that wicked, blessed tongue darting out to wet his red, swollen lips “Jacques Dernier was French.”
“Don’t let me go in my sleep.” The man begged, his voice barely a whisper as sleep began to pull him under.
It had happened slowly, he almost hadn’t realized that his young hero-worshiping ways were making way for deeper, more troublesome feelings until he had found himself standing outside his Malibu mansion, in his robe and not much else, at 5 am in the morning waiting for the mailman to pass by.
“Loki.” The Queen greeted with a tender smile “Was that really necessary?”
“Yeah like, places… animals?”
And if he was being completely honest with himself, he couldn’t remember how he was cornered to this. Human representatives drove a hard bargain, with their underlying meanings and double-edged words, Loki would have been a better choice for this task, if he had not, of course, been the whole source of this disaster in the first place. In the whole three weeks of negotiation he had managed to insult, threaten and demean most all of the human representatives of the United Nations, only but a few intentionally, as he tried and failed to reassure them that invasion and war would not happen ever again. Thor had had his Honor questioned in more languages than he cared to count and by the end, the slights to his worth were but a standard greeting in the UN chambers.
“You’re not going to kill me,” Tony agrees, removing vials of soil and rock from his pocket. “But I’m going to die.”
“And now he’s a criminal.” Tony blinks. “Where’s the shield?”
“Tony, listen,” Steve’s fingers gently move to cradle the back of Tony’s head, feeling the bones of his skull shifting beneath his fingertips – and that shouldn’t happen, Steve knows that shouldn’t happen. Tony’s skull has always been solid whenever Steve had run his fingers through the other man’s hair, stubborn – impenetrable. “I have to take you to a hospital.”
Steve carefully closes the newspaper and sets it on his nightstand, reaching out to turn off the lamp and plug in his cell phone to charge. “Can’t help it. You don’t even care about baseball.”
Tony starts to pick at the tape on the back of his hand that is holding his newly placed IV steady.
“You do look crazy, Tony. Do you need to sit down? You’re all… pale. And sweaty, which is gross.”
Steve swallows back bile, feeling it burn down his throat. “A bat,” he says hoarsely. “A baseball bat.”
“It was the oysters,” Steve replies with a grin, watching Tony’s eyes widen. “You knew exactly what you were doing, don’t argue.”
Both Tony and Steve are unremarkably stuffed to the gills by the time their dessert arrives, chocolate cake with a raspberry sauce, and Tony sighs in torment as he picks up his fork.
It’s perverse, and terrible, and he shouldn’t be laughing – but he can’t laugh, anyways, because Thanos is plunging the blade to its hilt, and blood pours out of his mouth.
“Remember Paris?” He asks Steve suddenly, his voice light. “I know you do, we had great times there. Great food, great music. But that first morning, in Paris, remember? That music from the jazz club, and you made me dance with you in my underwear?”
Tony opens the door, stepping out of the car, his shoes crunching against the gravel. Steve walks out to meet him, slowly, like he’s afraid Tony will bolt at any sudden movement.
“All done,” Steve says as he steps back and puts the razor on the counter. “Take a look.”
Tony looks at him with raised eyebrows, fork still in his mouth. “Yes. They tortured me, Cap. Didn’t you read that in my S.H.I.E.L.D. dossier? I didn’t spend my entire time there building my first suit like it was Build-A-Bear-Workshop. They did all kinds of things, a lot of it I don’t really remember.” Tony closes his eyes for a moment, recalling Pepper’s scream of his name – he remembers that clearly. “But their favorite was waterboarding. And God, the water was cold. I had a car battery hooked up to my chest, all sorts of exposed wiring, and I never once was shocked when they dumped me in. I used to hope that today would be the day, you know, that someone dropped the battery in the water and I just got fried. But it never happened, and when I got back home, I couldn’t take a shower for days. I still can’t get my face wet for too long, or I… I don’t – it’s stupid.”
“Tony? Are you there?” Steve’s voice is heard by no one, the flip phone half obscured by a sizeable chunk of rubble. “Tony?”
Tony chokes on his coffee, spraying some on the table – the elderly woman behind the counter looks at him and he waves his hand casually. Though it trembles – and the coffee has stained his red cashmere sweater. He wipes up the mess he’s made on the table, and wipes his sweater though it’s a lost cause.
“I’m not killing you.” Steve says sharply, his face contorting – fury, anguish, determination. It transforms so fast that Tony only catches each emotion fleetingly. “I’m
The platform whirs beneath his feet, and Steve closes his eyes. He will need to wear a jacket on December 16
Tony thinks angrily.
Tony whirls around to face him, and his hand moves to his chest, fingers hovering over the light shining dimly through his jacket. He’s furious, the tendons of his neck are tense, and Steve watches a bead of sweat trickle down from his forehead to his temple.
Steve rests his chin on Tony’s shoulder. “I’ve had those since before I was in the ice – they’re a part of me. And now you’ve got them.”
“What do you want, Tony?” Steve asks him tiredly, his fingertips red as he pulls his hands away from his face.
Natasha drives – aside from Happy, she is probably the only other person he would trust to get him someplace safely.
“There can be whatever modifications you want, Steve. Just sign it now – sign it now, and Romania gets swept under the rug. Barnes can get proper treatment in the States. I can let Wanda out, everything can go back to normal."
Steve reaches out, touching the back of Tony’s hand briefly. “But he didn’t.”
“I didn’t know you’d be all riled up after dinner,” Tony argues, pushing Steve forward in turn, until they are both moving at more of a trot than a walk.
Natasha glances at him out of the corner of her eye, noticing the anxious thrum of his fingertips against his thigh.
“You’re still bleeding,” Tony pulls his hand away once Steve’s finished, staggering to his feet. “What about that enhanced healing factor?” He’s back at the drawer of medical supplies, pulling out rubbing alcohol and a pad of gauze.
“Steve… Seriously. I’m not marrying you. I’ve seen what marriage does to people. The only person I’ve ever known who has been truly, deeply, happily married was Peggy.”
“I’m not… I’m not…” Steve can’t find the words, and Tony runs his hands over his shoulders soothingly.
By the time he’s returned to the bathroom, Tony’s hair is sopping wet and dripping everywhere – judging by the trail of water from the sink to the toilet, Tony had dunked his head under the faucet.
“Tony?” Steve’s panic from his nightmare fades, Tony is alive. “Are you back home?”
“You are going to
“You were out like a light,” Tony says, but he sounds guilty – he sounds as though he had just been caught running out the door without saying goodbye. Steve thinks that had he not woken up for another moment, he would have woken up alone.
The shield had moved down in slow motion, Tony had felt the muscles in his neck tense, as if preparing to fight back against vibranium and Steve’s raw strength – as if he had a chance.
Steve sinks down onto the bottom step, his knees going weak. “Tony, the bike ran fine. It ran fine.”
Pepper is pulled away by a nurse, and Tony doesn’t struggle much as a sedative is injected into his IV, though he’d really rather not be impaired – Pepper needs to know details, but not the nitty gritty. If he doesn’t tell someone the truth behind the night of December 16
He quickly wipes his eyes and shoves it back into Steve’s hand, before dragging him out the door.
He could be holding a bomb, he idly thinks, as he turns the FedEx package over in his hands. It would be a cruel twist of fate, but people are still quite angry at Iron Man and the Avengers. The mess at the airport in Germany definitely didn’t win them any fans. Or, his finger slips under the lip of the padded envelope, it could be anthrax. That wouldn’t be a first for Tony Stark, but he usually has his mail screened. The label on the front of the package hadn’t given him any indication of what’s inside, the letters had been typed, completely impersonal.
Steve smells of gunpowder, lead, blood – Tony’s head is swimming. Steve’s tongue brushes over the cut on his lip and Tony’s fingers dig into the muscles of his shoulders, nails leaving half-moons behind. When Steve breaks the kiss, Tony actually whines – and he blushes brightly in mortification.
“Pepper.” Tony says, his fingers folding against the palm of her hand. “Pepper – he killed my mom. He killed my mom.”
“So much for togetherness, huh, Cap?” He slurs, letting the chain slip between his fingers, the gunmetal tags hovering dangerously close to the flames. He could just let them go, he could watch them burn and be done with it. Toss the flip phone into the flames for good measure, the flip phone that felt as heavy in his pocket as the shackles on his wrists would feel once they were found out.
“He killed my mom,” Tony mutters, looking down at the glass in his hand.
“I figured,” Tony replies quietly, taking a bite of his croissant. “My flight is at four.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve says dutifully.
Tony almost says yes. The word forms in his mouth, he can taste it on his tongue. If Steve turns himself in, Ross will get off of his back – his world will become a little less stressful.
“Yes,” Tony rests his hand against his chest. “Me… Sports… You… Army.” He rolls his eyes, bringing one wet arm up onto the pool deck, water darkening the bricks below. “I used to love it. Being under water, I mean. Everything is clear, with goggles on – and time slows down. But after Afghanistan…” Tony shrugs, shoveling cold eggs into his mouth.
And then – Tony’s eyes will light up – an idea that just might work. He’ll lean forward again, not as hesitant, and press his lips to Steve’s. The kiss will be slow at first, though Tony might let out the faintest whimper as he brushes his fingers through Steve’s soft blonde hair. And then, he’ll be sitting on Steve’s lap, his arms wrapped around him, tongue in Steve’s mouth. Steve will melt into the kiss, remembering Tony’s last words to him.
), and Wong – walks away so that he can pull the flip phone out of his pocket. He hesitates over Steve’s name, looking down at the screen. Steve eagerly picks up whenever Tony calls with a new location for them to meet at – but will he pick up the phone now? Now, when more is riding on this call than a nice meal and a quick fuck?
The intern checks his watch, staring at it for a long moment – Tony leans over his wrist, glancing down at the watch-face.
Tony walks slowly towards the locker room, his thoughts running wild, not all of them appropriate. Steve Rogers standing in the shower, now
He blinks as Steve pulls up to the sidewalk, and he’s grinning from ear to ear.
He’ll pull back, resting on his haunches, cheeks flushed. Steve will do his best not to stare at Tony’s lips, just as soft as before, just as perfectly shaped. Tony will reach out and rest his hand against Steve’s deadened right arm.
“How long were you in the hospital for?”
Steve turns away from him, and Tony watches the back of his neck flush.
“Your optimism is so…” Tony shakes his head, reaching up to rub at his bearded jaw. “You’re still asleep, Cap. Still frozen. It’s time to wake up. This is reality now – it’s just… Death, and emptiness.”
“Did he care?”
. “But I also – couldn’t…” Though, thank God, the nightmares had lessened. On the flight over, he had slept the whole way through, after two Xanax. “But you don’t have to worry about that tonight, anyways. ‘Cause I’ve paid for it. So…”
), Natasha, Nebula, a raccoon that looks incredibly lifelike for taxidermy (
Steve makes his way to Tony’s room the following morning, his breakfast roiling around in his stomach. He holds a bouquet of sunflowers in his hand, recalling Tony’s favorite flowers – there was always a vase of them in their apartment in Paris. Steve had not been to that apartment in over five years, whatever sunflowers they had left there had no doubt withered and died. He peers his head in the doorway to Tony’s room, watching sunlight play off of the copper strands of Pepper Potts’ hair.
“I can’t miss this meeting,” Tony murmurs, his lips brushing over the curve of Steve’s jaw, feeling the faintest scratch of stubble.
Tony wipes the tears from his eyes as the door shuts behind him, his forehead throbbing.
He picks up the box of butterfly bandages, hefting it in his palm. The cut on Steve’s face had been deep enough to warrant these – but would Steve take care of himself, or would he just let it scab over and scar? Tony reaches up, pressing his knuckles to his forehead – his headache is back, though he doesn’t think it’s one of the electromagnetic variety. No, this headache is the result of the stiff jab to the jaw that Steve had doled out, and the fact that Steve’s arms had held him close as they had kissed. Steve’s lips had parted against his own. That wasn’t supposed to happen – no, Tony was supposed to kiss him for maybe three seconds, and then Steve was supposed to shove him away. Steve wasn’t supposed to reciprocate any sort of interest, because that wouldn’t make any sense. Tony was acting on a fantasy he’d had since puberty, nothing more – and once he got it out of his system, he would finally be able to look at Steve in a new light. A clearer light.
His hand rests against the man’s back, between his shoulder blades, and Tony takes a stuttering breath. His blood is dark on the grey concrete, and it feels tacky against Steve’s palms as he rolls Tony onto his back. There’s grey in his hair, swooping in from the temples – there’s grey in Tony’s beard. Tony’s brown eyes are unfocused as he stares up at Steve, the left side of his face bathed in blood.
Tony glances at the sun, squinting against it. “Is it? Oops. Don’t worry, Cap, I’m just… Making improvements.”
Tony hates hospitals, and just like that, he can hear the dull ringing of the vitals monitor sounding the alarm – blood pressure rising, pulse racing.
“You don’t have to come in, I’ll just be a minute.”
“I know, Soul Stone, I know. But – I would have done the same on Titan had things not gone the way they did. This is an entirely new planet to me, Steve. Vormir,” Tony drags the word out on his tongue, it feels sharp – dangerous, even – which is ridiculous, it’s just a word.
in any conversation – but now, just for Steve.
The vitals monitor is blaring again, and his world is slipping away from him, silky like Steve’s hair between his fingers.
Steve nods, though he’s not really listening. “How long do you think he’ll need to be in the hospital for?”
Tony rubs at his watering eyes, sneezing again, and Steve hands him his handkerchief instantly. He wipes his nose with the fabric, soft, clean, and so
“Tony,” Pepper shifts at his bedside as he slings his arm over her shoulders. “Tony, honey, you’re – you need your rest. Please, let Steve have his debrief without you.”
Steve’s beard burns his skin, and Tony finally understands Pepper’s disquiet when he had threatened to shave his goatee. He grinds into Steve’s hand, the friction sending curls of pleasure up from the pit of his stomach, wrapping around him, holding him in place.
“Absolutely not,” Tony breathes, kissing him again. “I love your hands.”
“You know, Steve,” Tony says as he opens the door to the hotel for them, the lobby quiet. “Something’s up.”
“I’m terrible at stitches,” Tony says suddenly, wiping away the excess rubbing alcohol with the pad of gauze, pressing it hard against the cut. “You’d think I’d be good at them, with all the work I do with my hands. But – I don’t know – my work is never as gentle as stitches are. I always end up with sloppy zig-zags, and ugly scars, so… Butterfly bandages are my best solution.” He’s babbling, nervous. The box rips as Tony tries to open it, and he curses under his breath. “Fuck’s sake."
“Pep,” Tony’s voice grates, her fingertips brushing over his jaw, and the vitals monitor silences as he relaxes.
Tony rests for over a week, sleeping deeply and rarely talking – Steve and Pepper rarely leave his bedside, even when he’s sleeping. On the eighth day, Pepper leans down and kisses Tony on the forehead, tears trickling down her cheeks.
Pepper kisses the back of his hand softly, breathing out a sigh. “Oh, Tony.”
“A walk?” Steve trots after him, shrugging his duffel bag over his shoulder. “It’s that close?”
He looks into the red metal, sees how unfocused his eyes are, and closes them. Yes, he has a lot of memories with this shield.
“Why would you do that?” Tony snarls between kisses, his fingers digging into the front of Steve’s shirt. “Why would you
“What makes you think this won’t work?”
Tony snorts, his trembling hands shoved deep into his pockets. “I’ll tell you why I look like shit, bud, the cause has a name – Thaddeus Ross. What an asshole.”
Cold metal trickles from his chest, over his shoulder, down his bicep and across his wrist – finally encasing his hand in a gauntlet. The repulsor hums, a sound he usually finds comforting, but now… Hesitantly, he holds his hand up to his head, closing his eyes against the light.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” Tony closes his eyes as he tips his head back against the wall with a thud, pressed up against it and Steve, pinned.
“Help, help me, he’s fall—.”
“Tony…” Steve stands in the doorway to the kitchen, looking at him – even with his back to Steve, Tony can feel his eyes on him. “Can I – uh – get you something to drink?”
Steve grunts as Tony throws himself at him, his lips pressing against his, teeth and tongue – passion instead of anger. Tony’s hands brush down the tops of his thighs, pushing his jeans further down, and Steve almost trips over them as Tony physically pulls him into their bedroom.
Tony looks over his shoulder at him, scowling. “Do people usually bother to ask? I can make a guess.”
“God, I don’t…” His fingers thread through Steve’s hair, it has a bit more length now, sighing as Steve’s beard scrapes against his throat.
He takes a large gulp of wine to steel himself, because as Steve approaches him, he starts to think (again) that this is a mistake.
It sounds pathetic, worse than that, it sounds… childlike. But, Tony can’t think of an alternative. His world feels sluggish and backwards, and he had nearly lost more than a bolt out of the engine as he had taken it apart – though he would never tell Steve that he had nearly flooded the engine with coolant instead of gasoline – he had mixed the lines up. He needs a decent 8 hours, that’s it – after that, he would be fine for several days without. Natasha keeps texting him, which is annoying –
The back of Steve’s head smarts as Tony shoves him forcefully against the door, he hadn’t expected this reaction from Tony – in fact, he thought that showing himself as Steve Rogers in Russia would please Tony.
Tony groans against the fabric, his head swimming. “Jesus.”
“Turns out,” Tony clears his throat. “That – uh – resentment is corrosive, and I hate it.” He watches Steve’s fingers brush over his forearm slowly, goosebumps rising in the wake of his touch – like they always did. “I missed you,” he manages to say, it takes a lot of effort, and Steve can tell.
“What could I do?” Steve stands, but he doesn’t advance towards Tony. “What could I do to fix it?”
“Aphrodisiac?” Tony supplies with a knowing smile, reaching out casually for one. Steve watches as Tony brings the shell to his lips, watches him swallow. The urge to lunge across the table, grab him by the front of his lapels, and kiss him until he’s breathless is almost overwhelming. Instead, he reaches for his own oyster, fingers brushing against melting ice.
Steve watches him eat, grinning when Tony screws up his eyes, evidently suffering from a brain freeze. “So, birthday boy, what are our plans?”
Tony struggles, getting to his knees, and then he vomits across the sidewalk. It smells strongly of alcohol and blood.
“How’s your murder buddy?”
The following morning, Steve feels no pain as he climbs out of bed, which is a first. He puts on the red, white, and black suit he’s not worn since he had stood on the edge of the cliff in Vormir, watching Tony’s blood spread rapidly across the grey soil. So vibrant, so alive – too much blood, all of his blood. The fingers of his right hand tingle, he can feel the bones of Tony’s skull shifting at his touch. Steve swallows back bile.
Tony eventually raises his hand to cover his eyes, fingers curling against his skin as Steve drags the razor through his hair. He can feel long curls of it flutter against his chest and back as they slip off the towel.
Tony spasms against him as Steve’s teeth sink into the juncture of his neck and shoulder, feeling Steve’s hand slip down the front of his abdomen and under the waistband of his shorts.
“You cracked my sternum clean in two. I had a collapsed lung, too. Guess my ribs weren’t as strong as I thought they were. Nearly choked on my own blood, if you must know.” The glass is empty, and Tony wonders if Steve would try to stop him if he went to the kitchen to fill it again.
Steve shakes his head, looking at Tony out of the corner of his eye. He has not seen him smile properly since bringing him to the apartment, and even though there’s that haunted look in his eyes no matter what he’s doing, Tony is relaxed – and eating – and out of the bedroom.
His fingers clumsily probe the raised scar tissue from where Thanos had stabbed him, and pain swells from his touch.
“Did you get any sleep?” Steve asks softly, knowing that Tony might get angry at him for asking – he usually did.
Steve says nothing, though his hands are clasped so tightly together that he wonders if he’s fracturing his own metacarpals.
He feels a large hand on his back, thick fingers sinking into the fabric of his suit, and Steve pulls him back with all of his strength. Tony practically goes flying back into the other man.
“A couple of bucks on the Sox,” Steve replies, grinning when Tony snorts.
“Yeah, I’m here, Cap.” Tony’s thighs tremble, everything below his knees seems not to be operating, he sways dangerously as snowflakes land in his hair.
“Tony…”
Steve looks down at the menu, a flush spreading up his neck, and Tony knows why he can’t meet his gaze. He gently knocks his foot against Steve’s again.
“I had a dream,” Steve admits, “A nightmare, I guess. I needed to hear your voice. Where are you now, Tony?”
Tony’s tongue swipes over his dry bottom lip, and his fingers curl against the back of Steve’s hand. “Night, Steve,” he manages, his voice hoarse.
“Probably because you skipped lunch.”
“You’re not,” Tony chuckles, and then looks at him sharply. “Are you?”
Steve blinks, “I – That’s okay.”
“Seriously, Rogers, have you been injecting growth hormones directly? This is gonna take a lot of foreplay.”
, with a note that read ‘Thinking of you.’ Tony had taken the roses with him when he had visited the grave of his mother that day – wanting to get them out of his sight.
“Is it snowing?” Steve asks him suddenly, his tone is cautious – but Tony swears he can hear a faint hint of terror. Thousands of miles away, and unable to catch Tony were his feet to slip – and they likely will, even in the cold, he’s dripping with sweat.
“Don’t worry about it,” Steve says, bending down to collect the keys. There are two, and he slots the first into the lock blindly, grinning as the door swings open.
“Mine,” Tony says, feeling it ooze out of his chest – the endless cuts – he must be imagining it.
“C’mon, Tony.”
“Can you forgive me?” Steve inwardly doesn’t want to know the answer to that question, but he has to ask.
Tony might not believe him at first – but he’s already gotten over a big hurdle, that Captain America is sitting on his couch. The idea of him –
They meet four more times in Paris – and just as Steve shuts the door to the apartment behind him on the fourth visit, Tony is there, kissing him furiously.
“Oh, look at that,” Tony gravitates to a particularly impressive looking rock, veined with glowing red. “Look.”
“Tony.” Steve stops a few paces in front of him, keeping his distance. He reaches out a hand towards him, and then lowers it to his side.
Tony tenses in his arms, his hand grabbing at Steve’s wrist, ready to pull his hand away from him. Steve’s breath is hot at the base of his neck, his lips trailing over the bruises his teeth had left behind. “No. I don’t just come here for…” The admission makes him nauseous, because it’s too honest – too open. He doesn’t just come to Steve for sex – it has never just been for sex, as much as he tried to deny himself.
“Night, Tony.”
“I won’t.” Tony reaches up, pulling the necklace up over his head, silver ring clinking against the dog tags. He throws it at Steve’s chest with all his might, watching Steve flinch. “I don’t want anything to do with you, Steve, don’t you understand? Everyone is dead because of what happened between us. It’s my fault too, I know that. But you’re responsible just as much as I am. Go. Go, keep living. Keep taking. But not from me. Not anymore. Do you understand?”
“How about Portugal?” There’s the soft click of keys in the background, Steve is proving that he can use Google. “New Year’s Day. Meet me at the airport in Lisbon. I’ll pick you up.”
“Bring the butterfly bandages,” Tony mumbles, running his fingers through his hair idly, and Steve can practically hear the cogs in his brain turning as he thinks. Tony is always thinking.
When Tony emerges from Steve’s bathroom, skin still damp from the shower, he almost chickens out when he sees Steve already in bed. Steve has the comforter drawn up to his chin, and he’s reading the morning’s newspaper that had been neglected after their busy day out of the apartment. His blue eyes are focused, tongue poking between his lips, occasionally licking his ink-stained thumb to flip the page.
“I love you too, adorable Omega. Rest now,” Steve said, and Tony couldn’t resist anymore.
People like
“Keep an eye on him, J.” murmured Tony, watching his kid run away. He sighed happily and rest a shoulder against Steve’s chest and a cheek under his chin. The Alpha supported his weight, steady as a rock.
Where they always should be, beneath me, he thought, releasing a deep rumble. The Omega’s fast heartbeat was booming into Steve’s ear, such a thrilling sound.
“It’s what your Pops is doing, instead of making things easier for his Omega, who’s only trying to, uh, ugh–Nope, not like that, why is your head so annoying?” Tony was making a show, he knew that, but it was all Steve’s longer hair fault, which didn’t stay the way
“Like telling Peter he can’t invite Alpha friends over?” he asked after a moment, in his tiny voice. He was pouting then, but the sadness left his eyes, and his heart.
“Me too, Alpha” Tony answered out of breath, panting heavily, his legs going around Steve’s waist automatically and a rush of wet coating his tights.
Tony sniffed and caught Steve’s mouth with his own, pouring all his needs and feelings in the passionate kiss. His husband was a sentimental, stubborn guy, and he loved him so fucking much.
“Steven Grant Stark-Rogers!” The Omega shouted, roaring as loud as he could. There weren’t much else he could do, and screaming at his Alpha helped somehow, to release the tension.
“Yes, Omega”
Almost was the key word, and the Alpha yanked Tony toward himself until their noses where only one centimeter apart, growling low and warningly. One inhale of their mixed scent, and the Alpha wanted to lose it again. Tony’s eyes widened, then he leaned over, sticking out his tongue to kitten lick Steve’s bottom lip, purring in a soothingly, apologetically way.
“Come with me,” Tony took one of his hand and pulled, bringing him to the rocking chair present in the room. “Wait a little, hm? I’ll be right back”
The Alpha chuckled and
He purred louder than Peter, and Mary curled more in Steve’s embrace, agitated. She was already asleep, unable to resist the rocking movement of Steve coming down the stairs: he always chose the stairways on that purpose.
When he ignored the Alpha, also turning on another side, he felt his own skin burning. Steve hated when his Omega pretended, his Alpha’s instincts required full attention.
Muffled sounds filled the kitchen: Tony’s rasping purring, Steve’s coaxing rumbling, and moans they didn’t know who belonged to, probably Tony’s, they were lovely, honey for Steve’s ears, sparkles of excitement making him pulsate painfully.
Tony was working on a 3D holographic model of an iron man boot and he didn’t turn around to face Steve, he acknowledged his Alpha’s presence only by stiffing for a second.
“Morning, sweet Omega,” Natasha greeted him, waving her cup of tea.
That was new for Steve: he knew very well Tony could ramble disconnected words for minutes when he was nervous, but he was never wordless. Steve couldn’t remember a time when Tony had to search for words, instead of having a million of them already on the tip of his tongue, ready to talk a mile a minute.
“I think I did,” Steve pointed out cheekily. “Don’t want it anymore?”
Steve was standing exactly in between him and Logan, so that the other Alpha could see Tony only over Steve’s shoulder, while if he had been shorter, he wouldn’t have seen the Omega at all. A small, remarkably logic thing, that his Alpha did to protect him. Steve knew he wasn’t the only one aware of his Omega’s arousal, but expect for his position, and how he instructed him not to get near Logan, there weren’t any other signs he was guarding Tony.
Wade’s here. He stopped the movement of putting his red sunglasses back on. Wade, Peter’s friend Wade, Peter’s Alpha friend Wade, the same Alpha friend who was coming on a weekend trip with them. The Alpha friend. Of his Omega son.
«I’m fine, more every day. I should have knew that you’d miss it more than I do.»
, and Steve had assured he didn’t want it. He could even recall the fucking time when they had that discussion–in which Tony accepted Steve as his Alpha, clarifying he would never give up his independence, just reshaping it a little. And Steve agreed, he didn’t want to take his Omega’s freedom away. He was the opposite of a toxic Alpha and Tony knew it better than anyone else.
Steve nuzzled against his cheek, scenting him and licking his bottom lip until Tony gave him access meekly, humming in satisfaction as the Alpha slid inside. When they separated again, Steve bit gently the bridge of his nose, and the Omega almost burst out a laugh, that came out as a muffled giggle since he hid his face into Steve’s shoulder.
That was one of Tony’s biggest improvement: talking his problems over, instead of acting recklessly or locking himself up to not think at all.
Tony was
Tony seemed surprised at first, then he smiled and lay down, bringing Steve down with him. They bot lay on a side, with their fingers still interlaced. JARVIS turned down the lights, but they was still able to see each other in the eyes.
In any other time, Tony would’ve smiled at the bear, remembering that funny little story behind its arm. That night though, he stroked his baby’s head one last time, beaming at the view of him sleeping quietly, before turning toward his husband.
“Just take off your shirt and enjoy the show,”
Both of them groaned and swallowed each other’s sounds in a passionate kiss. The Alpha found his lips already parted and slid his tongue inside, squeezing and kneading the perfectly round curve of Tony’s rear, until the Omega whined and spread his legs further, wriggling closer so they were fit tight together.
“Wade said we are too old to get kisses,” he muttered, so low the parents almost missed the words. They exchanged a confused look and Tony freed himself from Steve’s embrace, to reach his baby.
Peter giggled and run toward the Alpha, instantly forgetting the project he was working on with Tony. The children could stay in the workshop only supervised by their parents, and only for a few hours- One member of the family addicted to that place was enough. And besides, Tony worked slower if he had to keep attention to them, even with JARVIS’ and the bots’ help. He didn’t really trust the bots to watch the kids; they were babies as well, so he often spent whole the time playing instead of working.
“I’ve a better idea,” Steve started, and his smile became a grin. He pressed one fingertip under Tony’s chin to made him lift his head up, their lips separated just by an inch. “One that will put your sweet mouth to better use”
“Hey Stevie, Tony. What dat waffle did ya?” Bucky showed up some time later, finding his best friend sipping milk, sat next to his Omega, who was stabbing an innocent waffle.
“Wait, Omega wait. Of course I wasn’t trying to poison you. Since when you don’t like mangoes? You made me buy one just the other day,” it wasn’t the first time Tony was being unreasonable, and his pregnancy hormones made it worse.
Steve wasn’t even supposedto be far away more that ten feet from his family, he was on leave as they had a son, but the villains in Europe didn’t seem to mind enough. Rude.
Tony used to forget many things about himself, used to think he was a man made of cold iron, like his father, used to think he had to give people what they wanted, not what he really was. Steve showed him there was more, so much more under that façade, something beautiful and loveable, and something worth to be cared. He forgot again that was okay to be afraid, that he could be scared and strong at the same time, he didn’t have to push away the fear and, also, he didn’t have to manage it alone. His Alpha was there. There was nothing wrong with him.
Tony’s eyes went from the Alpha to his mug and backwards, warily. He had different tactics to win a fight of course and annoying his enemy as much as possible was one of his favorites, together with talking until they felt disoriented. But he also knew better, and Steve Rogers never surrendered so easily, neither in the battleground nor in his everyday life. Especially not with Tony.
“I’m not holding anything against you, I didn’t even bring it up! Why do you think everything I say is only about our child?” He resisted the urge to stand up and to physically make Tony listen to him. He would never hurt his Omega, but someone needed to get him out from his own head.
“I appreciate the effort,” he joked lightly, his voice shaking a little. “You should go back to sleep too, honey”
“… and Steve,” he added, sinking his face in their daughter’s gold hair, but keeping eye contact with his mate. He watched as Steve’s lips parted in surprise and disbelief, and Tony chuckled before circling his neck with both arms.
them? It’s just- You’ve just made things worse for yourself,” a rush of irritation shook Tony, who pointed a finger in Steve’s direction and growled the words by pure instincts, feeling outnumbered. Tony had never been someone that backed out if surrounded by Alphas, quite the opposite actually.
, Steve saw it in his dilated eyes, and felt it in the last stream of scent he emitted, full of Omega excitement, that hit directly between his legs. He’s wet, he thought wetting his own lips, Tony was always wet when he talked to him like that, his body preparing to please the Alpha, and Steve twitched, putting much pressure on his neck.
“I can't think rationally, even though I want to. My instincts are screaming Peter’s in danger, someone close could take him away from me. They won’t, I know they won’t, Wade’s only twelve, and, and I- I know that, but I have to keep him safe, Peter’s my child, he’s still small,” he ended tilting his head up to look at Steve, with watery eyes showing his disarming emotional baggage.
“What,” he rasped, panting warm breaths into Tony’s neck. He forced himself not to follow the sharp curve of his jaw with kisses, or to latch onto his earlobe and suck it into his mouth.
“You’re still sleeping on this couch tonight,” he purred playful, low and sweet, and Steve fought a smile himself, failing. Tony was such a sweet Omega, no matter what he said, and he was
He didn’t know how much longer he stood in the room, cradling Peter and whispering a lullaby. He would’ve probably spent the last few hours of the night in the same way. He needed the contact, having his baby in his arms and watching him sleeping peacefully in the dim lights JARVIS turned on.
The genius readjusted the baby and pressed himself against Steve’s large and warm chest, keeping his head turned on one side to hide in Steve’s neck. He inhaled deeply, and under layers of earthy smells he recognized the one he loved, and his world seemed to revolve again at the right pace.
Steve had to restrain himself from smiling: Tony’s pout was one of his most adorable expression and made Steve’s chest warm. Anyway, he knew he knew something really bothered the Omega, the proof was right above both of them, reading
“Oh Steve, you know I wasn’t serious before, right? You are such a good Alpha to me, the best, and you will be a great dad, and - and -” He was switching from talking to kissing, touches light as butterflies. “And - You are putting me on a chair. Why are you putting me on a chair, honey? I, well, I’m still very flexible but this position seems excessive also -
“I-It isn’t- It isn’t d-daddy fault,” the bottom lip of Peter trembled alarmingly, and Steve sighed, pressing a kiss on his forehead and hopping him a little, since he was sitting on his arm. In another situation, Tony would’ve melted: his Alpha’s chest was large, he had brooded shoulders and his super strength,
Because he’s proud, Tony’s mind suggested, Captain America’s a showoff, and there’re high chances that’s all because of me. Well, he gladly took all the credit, ignoring that he was being objectified. Just for once, he promised to whom, he didn’t know, but it seemed an important thing to do. Steve knew too well how to mess up with his brain.
Tony approached him putting a hand on his shoulder, got up on his tiptoes and whispered words so sweet and intimate they had to be declared with the sweetest voice, as if they were something sacred and they had to protect carefully them.
«Breathe for me darling. Yes like that, take long breathes. Inhale deeply and breathe out. I’m here with you.» He talked to Steve for the next minutes, trying to reassure him, with a calm and soft voice.
to send a little shiver through Tony’s spine. Steve’s mouth curved in a feral smile, teeth in the open.
“Not one, mister Rogers,” more giggles followed the words. Steve couldn’t blame him, Bucky’s method worked, eventually.
to him.
“He got upset, accusing me to not liking him as before, that I only want to touch his-” That time Bucky interrupted him, with a screech of the spoon against the bowl.
Steve grunted in response, a deep sound that came out of his throat, and stabbed an innocent piece of bacon. They stayed quiet for a while, Bucky poured himself some Cap’n Crunch cereal and milk in a bowl and sat at the kitchen’s aisle in front of his friend. Steve was fuming, and stabbing, and swallowing without chewing a pile of innocent pancakes.
“What I’m trying to say is,” he couldn’t restrain himself from laughing genuinely, and Steve pushed back his head to look at him with his brand confused-puppy look.
“I’ve got you love”
“I’ll fly with you daddy, don’t be afraid,” Mary said, her voice colored with calmness that made Tony feeling reassured, and his mouth curved into a half-smile. Have to fly wasn’t the reason he was so tense, it would be pretty ridiculous, but his sweetpea didn’t need to know the real one. Her quiet growling had the effect to relax Tony again, and he pressed a fond kiss into her gold hair.
Laying down the knife, he turned around without breaking his mate’s embrace. Their eyes met only for a second, then the Omega buried his face in his chest. Steve held his head, massaging his scalp in slow circles. There wasn’t need to show his concern, Tony needed his time to open up, and the Alpha was there to support him.
- hold that thought, by the way. The point here is: they’ll need it too, sooner than you think if they have inherited my chaotic nature, my impatience, my, uh, my impulsivity,”
“I’m not a baby,” he answered, as Steve placed one hand on his head, ruffling more his bed-hairs.
“Great,” He murmured, nuzzling into Steve’s neck. Stay awake, he told himself, rubbing his nose against his husband’s throat, where a guttural rumble vibrated in response to his cuddles. Steve was the biggest teddy bear ever, who could transform into a grizzly if he had to protect his family.
The Omega opened his mouth to talk back, then he changed his mind and just stared at Steve, with an unpleasant look, and let out a sigh.
“You’d better come along sweetheart, or we’ll leave without you!” Steve shouted back, without stopping, getting nearer to the kid still waiting on the middle step of the airstair.
Then Tony slid his ands over Steve’s neck, caressing his shoulders and down on his arms. He stroked his exposed skin and went back up again on his face, where he gently press a thumb on his bottom lip and he searched for his eyes.
I’m not alone, his mind brought out. He wasn’t. And maybe he wasn’t fine either, he felt anxious, and concerned, and frightened, and wanted to talk the shit out of it and just leave with his family, but having Steve at his side, belonging to him, meant it was okay to not be okay and he could deal with anything without hurting himself or the people he loved the most. Help me face it, he demanded, to Steve probably, but he didn’t need to say it aloud because the Alpha was already doing that.
“What have you just said, my Omega?” Steve asked in a husky voice, the words roughened at the end. The next growl reverberated through the Alpha’s chest and made his entire body shivered in expectation.
Tony offered him to live in the Tower as well, and of course the genius tried to act like it wasn’t a big deal. He still thought that buying a whole new wardrobe, providing Bucky with the newest Stark Industries’ technologies and improving his artificial arm was something normal, because he was a nice host. Steve knew better, and he showed gratitude tp Tony also from his best friend,
The little Alpha was very sensitive to her daddy’s emotions, and she needed to have physical contact with him when she sensed Tony’s upsetting. Usually, she also tried to keep Steve away from the Omega; luckily that time the reading was distracting her enough, and besides, the Alpha wasn’t exactly free to go anywhere.
In the meantime, Natasha had just pointed her phone’s camera one them, very discreetly. Any time was a good time to get blackmailing and compromising material on his friends.
“I knew we- that we won, but I lost everything,” he breathed, holding Tony closer to him, hiding him completely from the rest of the world. The Omega had nothing to complain about it, he was in his favorite place, surrounded by the two people he loved the most.
, and that was probably the first time he admitted it to himself. He wouldn’t have said it out loud of course, or he should have stopped whining.
They separated only for the time of a breath, diving back in the second after. That time though, Steve’s hands went down and
Instead of talking, he did what any Omega in love would do: started looking up at him halfway through his eyelashes, tilted his head to side, showing his neck where Steve put his mark when he claimed him, and purred low in his throat until the Alpha growled deeply.
“Do you also know why?” He asked then, after releasing a deep rumble, not doubting his Omega already figured out his intentions.
“I got you big guy, you’re pretty strong and I can handle you just fi-”
He shook his head once, then looked at Steve again, and then he seemed to find vaguely interesting the puff pastry lying on a kitchen counter behind Steve. The Alpha gave him an encouraging squeeze.
will have my own breakfast,” he said suggestively, having no doubts Tony would’ve taken the hint. In fact, his Omega looked very interested, even as he tried to maintain a straight face.
Tony’s eyes widened as his purring lowered, a lot, but it didn’t stop entirely, so Steve could still breath- if he made his husband furious, nothing could distract Mary enough. Not that he was so worried of what his beautiful daughter could’ve done, he just didn’t want her to monopolize Tony, trying to protect him, or he would’ve slept alone that night.
“’Cause it’s true! I know when you said I love you, in reality you mean the baby. I don’t matter anymore, and you’ll get rid of me eventually,” that only left Steve with the most ridiculously baffled expression, with open wide mouth and eyes.
“No, I’m not. Patronizing you would be letting you have your way with my hair, which I’m not doing, only to bring back to normality later. Actually, I’ve asked you to stop messing with them since we left home”
“Honey?” He stepped close, cupping one of Steve’s cheek, making eye contact. His Alpha looked hurt, lost, like the day he lost Peggy for the second time, like he had been after the first battle against the person he once considered his best friend. “What happened?”
Tony inhaled sharply, then held his breath. Was he really going to use
Playfulness lit up Tony’s eyes, who smirked consciously, challenging his Alpha. He understood eventually and nodded once before stepping back a couple of paces.
At the start of the pregnancy, Tony hated everyone who had dared to think he had become suddenly incapable to take care of himself... More than usual. Then, he experienced extreme tiredness, unexpected irritation and he found very satisfying looking at people do things for him: it was like he was in command again. After Pepper became CEO of his company, and since Steve was the Captain of the Avengers, all that remained to him were insubordinate bots and a sassy A.I.
It wasn’t the first time that Steve or himself woke up scared, and it wouldn’t be the last. They weren’t used to it, but at least they knew what to do and how. Steve needed to feel him, and to listen to his voice.
Steve hummed, carefully pulling Tony’s hands away from his face, but keeping them in his own, so they were staring into each other’s eyes. “I’m calling Logan,” he said, ducking in to press a kiss on his forehead.
He believed Steve until he saw the expression while he tugged Mary’s covers and caressed her face. The Omega grabbed him by the shoulder, and searched his gaze looking at him intensely, then furrowed a little his brow. Steve answered to his silent question by shaking his head once, but then he seemed to reconsider, because he took Tony’s hand and guided him to the living room next to the kitchen, with the children within earshot.
“I bet he’s calling Colonel Rhodes to give you one of his shovel talks” Clint joked, even if that would have been a realistic situation.
” He blurted it out with a high-pitched voice.
“Hey yourself,” Steve said in a soothing voice, placing one hand on Tony’s that were holding Peter, and the other stroked Tony’s cheek.
It took a lot of time for both of them to work on their issues, and they made it, because they were together. They learnt to trust and to stand up for each other, they communicated and of course they still had fights from time to time, but at the end of the day the always kissed and wished goodnight, knowing that it would have been really good.
“So bossy,” he whispered, with his mouth still pressed against Tony’s.
He heard a soft gasp from Tony, then strong arms circling his waist, and the profile of the Omega hiding below his chin. He fit there so well, the first time it happened it made Steve stop searching for a sense of belonging; he found his home.
“It reminded him that he’s pregnant, he has to avoid certain things and he can’t call Jason Momoa. Otherwise, this waffle will take him to the hospital and ask the doctor to put him on bed rest for the remainder of the pregnancy”
“Hi, um, mister, uh, America-Stark-Rogers sir?”
“I really need it, and I - uh, I - had JARVIS buy a new coffee machine earlier” He wanted to cover his mouth as soon as he spoke. He wasn’t supposed to tell that! He was supposed to stand up and fight for his rights!
“Thank you, my sweet Alpha,” he whispered close to her ear, brushing a lock of hair behind it. Mary released a satisfied growl, more similar to his purring mixed with a sigh, and tighten her arms around his neck.
The Alpha couldn’t tolerate that behavior. It didn’t happen a lot anymore, Tony shutting himself in, thinking his problems weren’t as relevant as anybody else’s. Tony underestimating his issues, thinking they weren’t worth the bother…that he wasn’t worth it. Tony thinking he was too handful and not fucking worth it. He had his money, he had his brain, so what if that beautiful, brilliant and intricate citadel that was his mind was constantly under attack by a critical amount of stress, panic, anxiety, a great sense of guilt and so many other terrible things?
on a holographic display JARVIS created from a pair of Tony’s glasses she was wearing.
Tony raised his head and looked confused at the sudden halt, but all Steve could see were his red, swollen lips that he couldn’t wait to taste again, and again, and again.
It has been so easy to slide every doubt away, while Steve’s embrace warmed him. That was the magic place where all the worries had to stay far, far away, where he felt protected, and secure. His Alpha took care of everything that annoyed him, while whispering sweet swords, and committing to his Omega one kiss after the other. Steve looked at him as if he was the most precious and mysterious Omega in the world, and
He thought about Bucky, and remembered that he was safety asleep with Natasha, in their Tower’s floor. They found Buck not long after Washington’s event, and Tony and Bruce worked really hard to remove everything that HYDRA put inside his head to control him. Steve could have never left Bucky in more trusted hands.
He was demanding a kiss, and Steve huffed a laugh, but he wasn’t really laughing, it was full of fondness as he gave Tony what was due him. “Cute Omega”, he whispered, kissing him carefully, cupping his jaw gently, his thumb brushing over his cheek.
Tony hummed thankfully when Steve guided him to his throat, knowing his own scent helped the Omega settling his nerves. He restrained himself to lower the hand from Tony’s head to his neck, one of the most sensitive part, as he didn’t want an angry
“Let’s see, have you two… been to space? Joined an alien boy band?” He faked thinking about it, while circling Tony’s thin waist with the arm that wasn’t holding Mary’s legs. His mate pressed himself against Steve’s side, nuzzling on his cheek while purring low and steady. They could’ve spent hours wrapped around each other like that, talking and laughing with their kids.
,” he moaned around the word, melting like the sweet, perfect Omega he was.
“Oh baby, it isn’t yours either. But you know the rules: you can’t re-frame the future with daddy, if you haven’t finished your homework yet,” Steve recalled quietly, still giving Tony the disappointing eye. “Why don’t you go finish them now, while we get your sister to bed? If you don’t need our help”
Steve tried to hug both his mate and their daughter by squeezing them with his long arm, and they yelled, asked him to stop and to squeeze harder, filling the room with tinkling laughs and risked more than once to drag all of them down on the floor.
Steve woke up from a nightmare, shivering and covered in cold sweat, desperately searching for air. He felt his lungs compressed, as if he had gone to bed with something really heavy on his chest.
Tony grins over his shoulder at him, brown eyes lit up with moonlight. “No, not really. But I need to walk it off, like I said. And I love Paris. Plus, I’ve got you here with me, no one’s gonna mug me when I’ve got a previously-blonde Hulk by my side.”
“You didn’t answer mine.”
Tony’s fingers finally grasp at the edge of the shield, it’s too heavy for him to pick up now, he had exhausted all of his strength dragging himself over to it. His father had exhibited more care for this shield than he had ever exhibited for his son. He had made replica after replica, though they were never right – he had displayed them in his office. One time, Tony must have been seven or eight, he had climbed on top of his father’s desk and hoisted one of those shields down from its place on the wall. Howard was supposed to be gone for the rest of the day, and Tony had people to save – not real people, of course, Tony didn’t have many friends in the neighborhood (none, in truth). On shaking legs, he had managed to climb down from the desk, his arms trembling at the weight of the shield held out in front of his chest. How could Captain America hold onto this so easily, sometimes with one(!) hand, his father had said. The smooth metal slipped from Tony’s sweaty fingers, and he gasped, ducking down to grab it. The shield was caught before it hit the floor, and Tony was eye level with the shining black leather of his father’s shoe. Before he could blink, the shield was brought up quickly, Tony saw his own reflection in the metal as it struck him in the face. Howard had picked him up by the collar of his shirt, the fabric nearly tearing in his hand, and had physically thrown him out of his office without another word. Maria Stark had found her son sobbing in the hallway, one of the framed pictures that had been hanging on the wall shattered on the floor beside him, having fallen once he had struck it. Her gentle fingers had brushed over his swollen eye, his aching cheek, and she had ushered him to the kitchen without looking back at the office door.
“She’s fine – I swear, she’s fine – it’s for her own safety.”
Tony sets his mug down, finger ghosting around the rim of the ceramic. “I haven’t spent that much on a haircut in five years. But I’m a little shaggy, Steve, and I wouldn’t mind tidying up. I can do it myself, I just – you know, another set of eyes, might be able to even things out.”
“Well?” Steve asks anxiously, his arms crossed over his chest. “I mean, hair will grow back, Tony… You can cut my hair, if you want to get revenge. Totally understand."
Tony accepts the call, holding the (
Tony shifts in his seat, running his fingers through his hair, feeling as though he had just trodden on a landmine. It’s about to blow up, and he doesn’t have the time to reach down and deactivate it.
“Steve,” Pepper is at his side at the doorway, and Tony can tell by the way her eyebrows knit together that she’s upset – angry, even. “I really think – you heard what Bruce said. Tony needs rest.”
The front door to the cottage opens, and Steve Rogers steps out. Tony stares at him between parted fingers, through the rain spattered windshield – drinks him in like he’s desperate for water – or whiskey, he hopes Steve has brought whiskey.
“What are you planning?” Bucky stands in the doorway of his room that night, the soft orange light from Steve’s bedside lamp glints off of his arm.
“Steve,” he says breathlessly, arching against him as Steve’s lips press to his throat again. “Steve, I’m not – I’m not using Neosporin as -.”
Tony is back on his feet, moving to the foot of Steve’s bed, he’s suddenly filled with excitement. “You could come with me!”
“It’s not snowing here,” Steve says casually, and Tony can hear him shift in bed as he looks out the window. “Wish it was – I loved Brooklyn in the snow. Made it feel like a different place, something out of a fairytale.”
Steve is surprised when Tony pulls him into a quiet cathedral – not as ornate as some of the ones they have passed on their walk. Tony quickly crosses himself with holy water by the door, looking over at Steve with a frown.
Steve’s blood patters against the fabric, there’s a long cut from his eyebrow to the top of his cheekbone, and it looks pretty deep.
“I’m parked in the lot,” Steve takes a hopeful step towards the door.
“You are absolutely not supposed to be here,” Tony says, grabbing the boy by his shoulders. “You are supposed to be in New Jersey!”
Steve stares at him uncomprehendingly, reaching up to prod at the cut on his face, staining the white tape on his hand red.
“I’m making it better than fine,” Tony returns his attention to the engine, and Steve watches as the muscles in his shoulders and the back of his neck shift, fluid and effortless. “It’ll run smoother. C’mon, Steve, are you really doubting my mechanical prowess?”
Pepper is furious, he can tell by the whiteness of her knuckles as she grasps the handles of the wheelchair and pushes him into the dining room.
Steve closes his eyes, bowing his head, and Tony presses his forehead against his before he retreats entirely into himself.
He laughs wildly, admiring Steve’s form in the darkness, and then groans as Steve rests his full weight against him.
Steve cradles the necklace against his chest, and he can’t bring himself to look into Tony’s eyes, can’t bring himself to argue.
“Thanks,” Tony says around the mouth guard as he shoves it into his mouth. “This isn’t a used one, is it?”
He had not served as the CEO of Stark Industries for over ten years without picking up a few skills, here and there. He knew how to parse his way through the garbled language of government, knew how to find the stipulations that had been hidden away in some clause or another, shrunk down in an effort to escape his narrowed eyes. The Sokovia Accords are pristine – yes, there are some things he’s uncomfortable with – does he really need to contact the United Nations and the Department of State if he wants to fly a suit from Manhattan to Newark? Yes, he supposes as he rolls one of his father’s fountain pens between his palms, yes – some of the regulations are intrusive.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yup,” Steve shakes his head slightly, watching Tony’s shoulders shift down as some of the tension leaks out of them. “I’ve been bleeding for a while now, I think I can handle a couple more minutes. You want to walk out of here with catcher’s mitts for hands?”
Steve glances at him and says nothing – he knows what Tony is thinking. Cardinals, representative of lost loved ones. He squeezes Tony’s hand comfortingly, and they move on.
“It’s alright,” Tony gasps, though his vision is swimming. “I promise it’s alright, Peter. Just — can you…”
“But I need you to let go.”
Steve shakes his head, and Tony feels himself fading, Pepper lets out a sharp exhalation as he starts to fall.
When Steve wakes to an empty bed that morning, there’s a note on Tony’s pillow. He picks it up, rubbing at his eyes, Tony’s spikey handwriting swimming into focus.
Tony looks down at where Steve’s fingers are brushing over the veins on the back of his hand slowly. The pad of Steve’s thumb brushes over a scabbed-over cut on the knuckle of his middle finger, Steve is used to these workshop accidents that riddle Tony’s body with bruises, cuts, and scrapes.
“You going to sleep or pretending you’re a mummy?”
“Oh – you went.”
Tony looks up from the table when the bell above the door jingles, as he had been doing for the past fifteen minutes. His neck aches from the sudden jerk of his head up from the menu, but this time, he’s rewarded with the image of Steve’s bulking frame in the doorway. He still has that beard, though it’s thicker now, and Tony idly wonders how it would feel against the inside of his thigh. He reaches up, adjusting the knot of his striped blue tie at his throat, the silk comforting against his fingers.
“Tony…”
would be a fantasy that Tony had cultivated and enjoyed for many, many years.
“What are you driving?” Tony asks him suddenly, grabbing the handle of his suitcase from Steve.
It is like living with a ghost. For the first few days, Steve rarely sees Tony in the apartment at all. He knows the other man is there, because sometimes he can hear shuffling in the second bedroom, like Tony is mindlessly pacing from wall to wall.
“It does not matter, Captain Rogers – that life is not the life I have now.” Red Skull steps back, widening his arms invitingly. “Now, I serve as a guide, and a protector. Of the Soul Stone, I suppose that’s why you are both here.”
Tony jumps when the table he’s sat at is nudged forward, a fresh cappuccino and paper cup of gelato placed in front of him. He looks up in surprise, and Steve kisses him so quickly that it’s over before he can protest.
“Tony,” Steve shifts in the armchair, uncomfortable with how the conversation is progressing. “You tried to kill him.”
Tony’s nose nudges his dog tags, and Steve feels him laugh against his sweat-damp skin. “Christ. You really are always wearing these things,” Tony says fondly, and after a moment, he’s snoring softly against Steve’s chest.
“How is he?” Steve leans forward, his hands clasped between his knees. “How bad…?”
“Jesus Christ!” Tony backs up, his eyes wide, hand on fire. “Are you just bricks under there? Christ.” His head snaps back as Steve’s fist lands on his jaw, knocking the wind out of him – and were he not wearing a mouth guard, he would have severed his tongue in half between his teeth.
Tony gets to his feet, offering Steve his hand to pull him up off the chair. Steve takes it, breathing in deeply at the contact, Tony’s fingers curling around his wrist before he lets go.
“So, it’s yours…”
Steve squeezes tighter, and Tony sighs. “Steve, let go.”
Tony looks to Steve, and then jumps again when the cloaked figure – Schmidt, apparently – removes its hood. “Aw, Christ, that’s horrific. What’d you do, melt all your skin off in a nuclear… Wait…” Tony laughs, can this get any more bizarre? “I read comics about you, man, Red Skull?”
The cottage is cozy – there’s a small sitting room with two armchairs, no television, though. The burning wood in the fireplace crackles, which is far too perfect – everything about the place seems perfect. The door to the bathroom is open, which is great, should Tony need to run inside to vomit into the toilet. The door to the one bedroom, however, is closed.
“I have nail scissors,” Steve says brightly, tugging open a drawer.
“Christ, Steve,” Tony grits out, grabbing at him tighter. “It’s a little late for that, don’t you think?” Tony’s face pales, even in the dim light. “Alright – maybe – hospital. Let me get up.”
“It’s definitely going to scar,” Tony worries. “I don’t know if that’s a good thing or a bad thing. I mean, on the one hand, it makes you look rugged. At least it’s not through your eyebrow, or you’d look like a pirate. But on the other hand, before, someone had never, you know, hurt Captain America. It gave you this air of invincibility.”
“I got clipped by some shrapnel,” Tony says dismissively, extending his hand to Steve, pen trembling slightly in his grip. “Nothing I’ve not experienced before. The Accords, Steve.”
Tony wishes, later, that he hadn’t shown up to the ratification at all. He wishes it as he sits in the back of an ambulance, wincing as a butterfly bandage is pressed over a deep cut at the base of his neck.
Tony laughs, a strangled sound. He reaches out and steadies the swinging punching bag, wishing there was someone there to steady him.
“Get off, get off,” Tony’s voice is ragged, his hands at the front of Steve’s sweater, shoving him away forcefully.
“Mr. Stark,” Peter’s voice is strained, trembling hands hovering over the ruined flesh of Tony’s abdomen. “Mr. Stark, you’re going to – what can I do? How can I help?”
Tony sobers up enough to sit through a five hour furious debrief with Secretary Ross on New Year’s Eve, and by the time he makes it to the airport that night, he’s ready to phone up Steve and call the whole thing off. Hell, he’s ready to tell Ross that Steve and the ex-Avengers are hiding out in Wakanda, because
When Tony returns to where Steve is standing by the doors, his brown eyes are glossy with tears. Steve offers him a handkerchief from his pocket, and Tony makes a face, one that says
“But I do love you,” Steve insists. Tony doesn’t reply.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice breaks, and his tears fall faster. “Please don’t make me do this.”
Steve, Rhodey (
“Do you always wear these things?” Tony asks, his fingers idly playing with the dog tags resting against Steve’s chest.
Tony glances at the clock on Steve’s bedside table, so delightfully old-timey. “Steve, I can’t. I’ve got to go. We can talk later, after this meeting? Better yet…”
“The night I made the reservation for our dinner.” Tony bites into his croissant, his cheeks flushing pink. “I thought maybe we’d come back to Paris. Plus, I wanted a base for myself in Europe – I’m sick of these long haul flights. They won’t let me take the suit.”
“Steve,” Tony returns his attention to him now that they are alone. “C’mon. Thanos came here with his daughter – and left without her, but with the Soul Stone. Gamora isn’t playing hide and seek, you heard Red Skull -.”
“What do you mean?” Steve looks between the both of them, not following.
Goosebumps rise on Tony’s skin in the wake of Steve’s touch, his fingertips brushing over the small of his back.
do that again or I’ll kill you. Genoa, May 29
“I can be very convincing,” Natasha’s hand runs down the front of the tie, flattening it, and her hand catches the very edge of one of the bruises spreading from his ribs. He winces, and she notices.
It’s a come-on, but Steve doesn’t think that Tony truly means it. Steve knocks the oyster back, hoping that he likes it better than the wine.
“No,” Tony says fiercely, and then he spasms in pain, his fingers digging into the front of Steve’s jacket. “No hospitals,” his voice is weaker. “Just need – a bed. I’ll be fine.”
“It’s not any of those things, Steve, but I appreciate the therapy session in a time like this.”
Tony’s expression is suddenly wistful. “I came here with my mom, when I was a boy. She’d get a coffee, I’d get a gelato… I used to love that aquarium – I’d spend ages in the shark tunnel.” He shakes his head slowly, “But I’ve grown up, and she’s not here. So, no, Cap. I won’t spend my forty fifth birthday at the aquarium. How about we just go for a walk? We can stop at the hotel so you can put your bag in our room. Thing probably weighs fifty pounds.”
“You never know, we might get lucky. You falling asleep on me, Stark?”
Steve had looked back at him then, and Tony didn’t see pity or worry or guilt in his eyes. Captain America had shifted Bucky Barnes in his arms, helping the other man stay upright, and had looked at Tony with hatred in his eyes. The shield had clattered to the floor, a few feet away from Tony, and the two men had left him there to die.
“Thanks,” Tony says quietly, pocketing them clumsily, frowning down at his hands. “Busted my hands on your thick skull. Did the serum replace your bones with metal, or something?”
“Read something crazy,” Steve says, crossing his arms over his chest, watching Tony eat his gelato. “Something about the Tower getting sold.”
Tony’s sore fingers card through Steve’s thick blonde hair, thumb and forefinger rubbing strands slowly between them – his hair as soft as he had imagined it to be. He had spent countless nights of his life gazing up at his Captain America poster, focusing on the hair just above Steve’s temple, the only bit of it visible with his helmet on. What he would give, just to run his hands through Steve Rogers’ hair, and now… Tony bites down on his bottom lip as Steve starts to kiss along his throat, from one side of his neck to the other, his pulse racing.
“Marry me,” he repeats, Tony stirring against his chest. He feels Tony’s lips form a frown against his skin, and watches as he lifts his head up to look at Steve. Steve reaches up and brushes his fingers through Tony’s dark, messy curls, still damp with sweat.
“No,” Steve replies, his hand slipping away from Tony’s as they continue to walk. “Just that her sister disappeared here, and Thanos got the Stone.”
“Tony?” Steve’s voice is sleepy and slow in his ear, and Tony knows that Steve is calling him in the middle of the night in Wakanda – December 26
They walk quietly down the street towards Central Park, and Tony still isn’t used to the silence that has now invaded New York City. He misses the honking horns, the shouted curses, the bright lights. Everything is muted, reserved – everything except…
“Yeah, well, no wonder. Scare the shit out of anyone who comes to visit you. Goddamn.”
birthday, the same day as Tony does - no longer driven to drinking and sleeping around to handle the pressure of being Stark Industries’ golden boy. He will be free to invent – Steve knows that is what he will do, without the bone-crushing pressure and expectations. He can’t wait to see what Tony comes up with. Steve will one day head to the grocery store with a small list for him and Bucky, and he will reach out for a tomato just as Tony Stark will reach for the same one. His slender fingers, nicked from some workshop snafu, will brush along the back of Steve’s hand. He’ll look up, and brown eyes will meet blue. Tony will blush, Steve can feel the heat of it even as he stands on the platform, waiting. He’ll recognize Steve in an instant, thinking in horror of the countless times he’d touched himself as he had stared at his Captain America poster when he was fifteen and beyond – even now, sometimes…
“It was a nice funeral.”
He makes quick work of Tony’s tank top, throwing it to the floor, and Steve’s hands are on his bare skin. His fingers dance up the bumps of Tony’s spine, they dig into the forming bruises on Tony’s ribs, and Tony gasps into his mouth.
The spectral form, if it has any existing sense of humor, seems to crack a smile at that.
“Running out on me, this time?”
“Just need your signature, Cap,” Tony says, sitting in the chair across from Steve. He pulls out the pen case from his pocket, opening it on the table. The pens glint under the bright lights, and Tony feels like he’s the one in trouble, like he’s about to be interrogated. Outside of the glass walls, they are spared a few glances, but everyone is mostly going about their work. The room is soundproof, after all, there’s not much anyone can pick up on, unless they were skilled lip-readers.
“You know why I didn’t,” Steve says, keeping his voice even.
Tony has been stabbed more times than he can count. Even before Afghanistan, he had sustained the occasional deep laceration from a careless sharp edge in his workshop. Never, in his life, has he been stabbed this deeply.
Steve is standing too close to him, his presence is just as intoxicating as the whiskey. When Steve stands too close to him, Tony makes mistakes. Taking another sip of whiskey, he sidles away from the fireplace, leaning back against the wall by the bookshelf.
He collects the briefcase by his dresser, an unassuming item considering the six Infinity Stones within – but that’s not all. Cash, credit cards, a California state driver’s license, a Social Security card – all registered under the name Grant Stevens. Tony would laugh himself to tears, face red, and wheeze that Steve had no creativity. Steve smiles slightly, hefting the briefcase in his left hand. Tony will see right through it, and Tony will call him Steve – that’s all that matters.
“Feels that way, sometimes,” Steve says as he grabs Tony’s left hand, feeling the tension searing off of his skin. “When I get up in the morning, sometimes I feel like I’m fighting against my own body as well as gravity. It takes some getting used to.” Steve carefully starts to unwrap Tony’s hand, wincing at the swollen red flesh underneath. “You ever punch someone that hard?”
“Does it really matter?” Steve asks as he bows his head, pressing soft kisses to Tony’s chest, each one an apology.
That night, Tony makes them dinner – and the steak makes his mouth water, Tony had cooked it to perfection. Steve has missed Tony’s cooking, he’s only had a meal here and there prepared by the other man. After the hospital, he had offered to cook, but Steve had insisted that he would take care of it – take care of him. They chat across the dinner table, Steve laughing at Tony’s jokes, Tony listening to Steve’s stories of Brooklyn and the war.
“Come on, Stark,” Steve’s feet dance around him, the mat bouncing under his weight – Tony feels like a rag doll thrown onto a trampoline. “Get up.”
“Oh ye of little faith,” Tony’s voice echoes from the bathroom, and Steve grins, stretching out on the bed – wonderfully sore. His smile fades when Tony emerges from the bathroom, wearing his trousers and shirt from the night before – and drowning in Steve’s leather jacket.
, 1991. It will be cold, the treacherous driving conditions had been blamed in addition to Howard Stark’s BAC level. Fighting the Winter Soldier will be difficult without the shield, but he’s prepared – he will render Bucky unconscious and drag him into the woods where his car will be stored. From there, they’ll hide out in Brooklyn, and Steve can take a few years to rehabilitate him. Tony will be far too young for Steve to introduce himself in 1991 –  just 21. Steve ignores the doubts at that thought, that Tony Stark – with those big brown eyes and clean shaven face, will look at him and see an older man with a useless arm and scarring down his neck. No, Steve shakes his head slightly.
“Steve,” Tony pats him on the cheek again. “I know I said I wasn’t gonna shove you off the edge. And I’m not. But I’m pretty sure you’ve got to be the one doing the shoving.”
Steve stares at him in silence, and Tony feels like he’s wearing nothing at all – he’s used to undressing other people with his eyes, not being on the receiving end.
The flip phone on the nightstand buzzes, and Steve’s hand shoots out to grab it – there is only one person who would be calling him.
“Neither of us are dying,” Steve replies, Tony can hear the conviction in his voice.
Luckily, he escapes unscathed.
She’s there – copper hair, freckles, Givenchy perfume. Tony melts into her embrace, burying his head against her neck, Pepper’s capable hands there to hold him upright. Steve’s jaw sets –
“Why me?”
“Don’t be stupid,” Steve assures him, though the blonde moves towards him, lifting an arm to steady him. Tony’s fist lands hard on his abdomen, and he hears air puff out between Steve’s lips.
“Birthday present?” Rhodey asks from where he’s sat at the table, rubbing idly at his sore abdomen – he’s able to walk with the braces, staggering steps, but it definitely is a new demand on the muscles of his core to hold himself upright.
“Keep the ring?”
“No, not this, you idiot. Something else. I can’t put my finger on it.”
Tony curses under his breath as he knocks a set of sterilized tweezers to the floor, his swollen hands aching as he digs through the drawer of medical supplies. The compound is oddly quiet – perhaps everyone is sat in their own rooms, reading over the copy of the Sokovia Accords that Tony had brought for each one of them.
Steve kisses the back of his hand before letting it go. “You’re welcome, Tony. I hear footsteps, probably your nurse wanting you to get out of bed.”
Tony is standing in the middle of Steve’s room in a pair of black briefs that seem too tight, too suggestive. He’s stood naked in front of Steve before, lain naked beside Steve, hell – Steve had seen every inch of his body. Kissed every inch of it.
“I didn’t come all the way to Paris to eat oysters and fight with you, Tony.”
“You don’t want to hear me sing, Tony, I’m tone-deaf.”
“Oh, he’s great,” Tony is still smiling, and Steve never wants that smile to leave him. “I’ve sort of – taken him under my wing – as my protégé? You know, like Batman and Robin. He’s sorta my Robin. Brilliant kid. Smarter than me.”
“I’m okay.”
Steve is at his side, Tony breathes in and can faintly smell his cologne – like wildfire, very masculine. Very Steve. Their footsteps echo down the empty street, like the way had been cleared just for them. Tony tenses as Steve’s hand brushes down his spine, resting against the small of his back, certainly rather possessive.
“To the Lovely Captain. Steven Rogers of America, we welcome you to Asgard!”
Loki wheezed a breath of shock, his large hands coming to grasp at his chest as he lost the fight to maintain composure. This bloody man had fed the accursed thing to the
So, apparently mothers in law are crazy, no matter what planet they come from.
So Tony squared his shoulders, gearing up and nodding resolutely “Well then, I’ll fight them off until you do.”
Thor crackled merrily and lifted his cup in a silent toast to a smirking Frandal, who in vengeance of a particularly nasty hex to his manhood some centuries ago after a stunted attempt of courting the dark prince; had taken a page out of the whore’s he frequently procured and took to storytelling in their visits to the primitive Earth. Who would have thought that these would survive the passage of time? Even longer than the Norse religion itself, the legends of Loki’s many conquests were printed in many an educational book. Truly, the gift that keeps giving.
“Good, now go to sleep.” The Director commanded, only missing the head rolls and slippers to complete the simile of old Sister Mary from Steve’s childhood home “We have a lot to do tomorrow morning.”
, motherfuckers!” Fury shouted, his patience running out as he started to wave his gun around to point at all the intruders “
“Why?” The Captain asked, his cerulean gaze sharp and confused on the God. Thor pursed his lips as his mind set about gathering the facts to this long-standing burden.
It was ok, though. He had his colors now, and many shades of thunder grays to fill it with.
kind of a wound, now go again.”
The man grunted and slipped away from his reach, lightning sorting out of his incandescent orbs, his responding glare giving an unworldly thrill to Heimdall, for a wild moment more reminiscent to Odin’s own image, burned so deep in Heimdall’s psyche from his young, bloodthirsty days. A shiver ran through him and before he knew it, the man smiled and the likeliness was harrowing.
“I am here to defend the Captain's honor” Tony grinned merrily “As a member of the Avengers, I believe I have every right to be here as you do, considering that I am funding the whole shi-ding.”
Steve frowned “I will have to marry an Alien God, I don’t think it will sit well with them if I just stay here”
Pepper gasped as he hilted inside her, taking one hand off the wall and pressing it on her lower belly, as if she could feel him through the layers of muscle and soft flesh, there were he lay, hot and throbbing.
“Yes?” The Captain replied in a soft, sleepy voice. Thor trembled as his fears began to mount.
(See the end of the chapter for
All the fun and games had left their faces and stood at the ready for their Captain’s orders.
“But he’s taller!”
Loki rose a perfectly arched brow “And this concerns me, how?”
“You have saved my people; you have my gratitude.” The All Father pronounced, standing tall by his reassembling forces “Come, let us feast our victory and celebrate the union of my sons. You shall have a place of honor in my table.”
“Oh, yes!” Thor straightened, then stumbling to correct himself as Steven rose a haughty eyebrow “No, there is more!”
“God, you’re perfect” Tony choked, thrusting in and out in fast, punishing strokes and finally, he felt it. The wetness soaking his trousers, spilling down his legs and onto the ruined leather of the sofa.
“Thor, your Father is not above coming to get you, or worse: Sending Heimdall” The Queen smirked at the lighthearted joke, enjoying how her eldest son began to fidget nervously, remnants of his childish worship and fear of the Dark God shining through.
And with but a couple of shouts of protest, Thor leapt into the air, Mjolnir crashing through the Council room ceiling like paper walls. Petty act of revenge, yes; but utterly satisfying.
Loki attempted to roll out from under the man only to feel the crushing weight of the Hammer press him to the ground in an unescapable grip. His breaths grew harder to draw as he glared at the Soldier resentfully.
“What is it, Thor?” Loki asked, lifting his head from his shoulder in inquiry.
Quill and his friends jolted back as the Guardian produced a small squared device and tossed it carelessly with a suave flick of his wrist to the unflappable Director. Fury caught the devise and regarded it with a cool gaze.
Odin observed the exchange with a blank gaze “The stone of power will remain in Asgard, for safekeeping” He said, voice broking no argument “and in return, I will allow that one, to walk free.”
“You’re right” The Captain interrupted glancing up at the God with shinning, soulful eyes “ It doesn’t compare” Thor felt himself wilt at the blunt admission before his husband placed a lovely skim of a kiss to the God’s slack lips and said “This is so much better”
“Loki…” Thor growled, slowly crawling towards the other God, pillow dragged along by clenched fingers and eyes dark.
Thor bit his lip to stop the proud grin that threatened to part his face. His Father, on the other hand, had no such reservations. Steven startled slightly as Odin clapped a heavy hand on the Soldier’s back, smiling wide and pleased as he congratulated the Captain for his wisdom and eloquence.
Loki smiled thinly. “You are not my mother.”
Chapter 16: Asgard.
“I know it is perhaps to soon to tell yet” Thor said in a drole tone, eyeing the shivering Soldier with a sharp gaze “but… Are we expecting, Steven?”
Thor snarled and gripped his brother by the throat, pulling him onto the bed, shoving him roughly down and caging him in.
“I’m looking for something…” The Soldier continued to shuffle through the furniture until he found whatever he had been searching for and turned to his husband with a shaky smile “Come here, Thor.”
Thor blinked as a piece of cloth hit the back of his head with a soft thud and it dawned on him. He turned back to his cheery husband, sitting nonchalantly with a large cushion nestled modestly between his casually spread legs.
Loki’s green eyes shot up in a flash, his readings forgotten as he snapped the old book shut. “Why?”
Outside of the bedding rooms, the passing Court startled as the loud crashes of bodies and furniture resonated against the marbled walls, noble men and women raising impressed, half amused, half envious brows as the sounds of the Newlywed’s consummation and passion rang obscenely high in the royal Halls.
“Aye, but the handsome one”
“Yep, what’s an intergalactic travel when you’re riding first class?” The archer joked, turning to grab hold of his luggage, forgotten next to a silent Heimdall “Oh, by the ways, this is for you Sauron.” Barton rummaged in his bag for a minute before producing a red, white and blue box and offering it to the stone still Guardian with a saucy grin “Thanks for the easy landing.”
Steve understood then where all this franticness came from, stifling another sigh he walked towards his disheveled husband and brought up a gentling hand to pluck the random feathers tangled in those soft, golden rivers on the God’s head. Thor leaned his head towards his palm, as if starved for his touch.
“And there it is.” The God said and then he lounged.
“Anthony”
for your ass.”
And he broke.
With a wide sling of an arm, he swung Mjolnir to Heimdall, who moved out of the way as his sight had warned and the mystical hammer flew past and away, not having yet reached a mastery of the instrument even in his worthy hands. He then threw the shield at Heimdall’s head only to be swung back by a harsh rebuttal with his sword, his intentions all but projected for Heimdall’s eyes.
“But a minute, Captain.”
The Widow sighed sweetly as she pulled away from the Soldier “No more goodbyes, I’ll see you soon enough, Cap.”
“Loki”
Thor’s eyebrows shot up while a flash of desire ran through his body, he had no time to recover as a surprised Director interjected heatedly “Bitch, what are you saying? The Captain was part of a quartet! I’ve heard him myself; he sings just fine!”
Tony did a double take as the uniformed man turned to face the door as it slid open. Steve stood in the middle of the room, not 4 feet away from the table he and Pepper had had wild, animal sex at the thought of him. Dressed in his uniform blues, formal jacket decorated with so many medals it was probably more bulletproof than Kevlar. Perfectly ironed lines, the waist to shoulder ratio so defined Tony’s eyes nearly rolled back into his skull as a wave of undiluted lust licked its way down his spine directly to the tip of his dick.
His husband stirred and froze under the God’s lazy affections, his burgeoning erection pressed snugly now to the Soldier’s ass and already eager to meet his husband’s early moodiness with a thorough loving. A shaky hand pressed onto his temple and a spell slipped its way to his enamored psyche.
Sure they gave it the obligatory pull, but it was halfhearted at best, offensively uninterested at worst. Thor had been forced to contemplate his worth all over again, or maybe these humans did not believe he was the ‘real thing’. Regardless, Mjolnir was being pawed by the thousands daily and Thor was now a staple feature of the Big Apple. He had even made himself a new mortal enemy of the naked cowboy. Who glared resentfully at Thor whenever tourists would paste themselves over his body and smile for a picture. For free.
“I wasn’t that drunk…” Steven affronted, mouthing still at the God’s bobbing Adam’s apple “I remember everything… I remember
The Captain thinks it was his idea.
“There is no need for that” Thor groused, placing a guiding palm on the small of the Captain’s back, appreciating the supple shift of the leather waistcoat over the man’s firm body. “Your talent is your own, you deserve to have the tools to polish it”
Steve’s throat clenched and felt more than saw the doctor shuffle nervously at his side, careful to stay as far away from the little ones as the room allowed.
Odin considered the two for a moment and nodded “I would like to know more of this man.”
“Master Bragi, we would like to propose to you a new pupil.”
But the soldiers did not move and Thor understood that this was not a regular meeting.
“Steve” she all but squealed gamely “Avenge me”
“And he should not underestimate
“Oh, ok, well then.” The Captain smiled candidly for the God and walked over to their meal “I guess I can see our friends later…”
“Marriage is a strange thing, my son.” Odin said, unawares from his sons’ sad thoughts “It is both shelter and a battlefield. You will face many troubles, most of your own making.”
“But Jane, I have come to believe that Odin has given this vow as a blessing, you see? He knows you hold my heart and he is no longer the man who would sacrifice his children for Politics-“ Thor reached out his hand to call Mjolnir to his side “-He said: Thee who is Worthy of Thor, and who else if not you?” Jane struggled more determinedly to leave his arms as the Hammer appeared, eyes almost wild as she tried and failed to scoot away from Thor’s lap “You, my dearest Jane, you who already posses my heart, my soul, my every breath!”
to the leg. It’s
“Thor.” The Man of Iron shot back with a biting smirk. His eyes hidden behind a pair of dark shades as he sized up the God as if he were not, in fact, a God and Prince; but another one of his Midgardian rivals. Thor had to admit the man had courage.
The Director cocked his head to the side. “I think the Captain will appreciate it”
At the end of it the Tavern had been decimated, many patrons staggering away form the crumbling building as the Hulk batted away the roof tiles from his head and cheered with the more conscious, if utterly drunk, warriors and prostitutes over his victory. The Avengers, the Warrior Three and lady Sif stumbled all the way to the palace in random fits of giggles and moans of pain.
He felt the Captains hands clench on his golden strands before they released. “No, it isn’t”
Steven smiled for her, that smile she had begun to associate with the man’s good heart, so wholesome and kind that made her heart flutter and knees quake. Sif smiled back, shoulders squaring and head held high “Thus, I will learn to be happy for him as well.”
So when he next found his fist caught in the Captain’s grasp, he realized his mistake as the long, supple legs of the man curled themselves around his arm and neck, spinning and pulling at Thor with an amazing grace for a man so large.
“It is no true Asgardian wedding if no blood is spilt…”
“Yes” She said “You should, and maybe someday, you will”
Sif acceded with a lofty smile and they all approached the wall of equipment with an analytical eye.
That is one sin Gamora had not had the courage to disclose to the All Father; hence, her hurry to get her sister and friends off this planet. As fast and as inconspicuously as she can. She felt cold sweat bead her brow as emerald eyes followed her path to the cell holding Nebula. The blue cyborg sitting dishearten in the middle of the cell. Looking as small and defenseless as a child.
The words stung deep in Thor’s heart, and for once in all his blundering, stupid existence, he learnt to let a matter die. Thor turned instead to the remaining avenger untried. The Captain noticed his gaze and became unnaturally still. Thor eyed him lewdly up and down, enjoying the near imperceptible fidgeting of the otherwise assertive Soldier.
“We must talk, I have wronged you so-“
“Good place to start as any”
Thor panted and groaned “I hate Brooklyn”
“He was alone…” The Captain breathed, a fading frown on his damp brow as his eyes fluttered shut “I let him die alone.”
Loki visibly fought to suppress an epic tongue lashing to the poor sod who insulted him, only settling after a long look at his brother’s sunken face and low shoulders. A small, sincere smile that Thor had not seen in a long time gracing his face. And only for this, Thor could almost say it worth the hassle of it all. He could almost believe he had his brother back.
And he turned Sleipnir and trotted away with his private guard on his tails. The Captain watched him go with a strange frown in his face, but quickly recovered and paced forth to Thor, a familiar, friendly smile on his handsome face.
Thor nodded solemnly, running his gaze over Starks body in thoughtful appretiation. “Aye, you certainly have the hips for it”
The Captain gave him a smile that made him go weak at the knees “It was real swell of you to come Tony, I mean it.”
There was no way he hadn’t seen the news, and now he could only guess his reaction. Which would be equal amounts heroic, self-sacrificing and utterly foolhardy.
“What you did in the rooms of healing is not justice being met, but a reflection of yourself” The master sentenced, voice hard and unforgiving “Brash, reckless and yet… “ Thor felt smaller with each insult slung upon him, but then the Master’s eyes softened, his voice drowned in wonder “Selfless”
Hogun nodded and turned to the Captain “Will you stay with him or would you rather join us?”
“No, they’re hiding him from me too, but you keep invading our front lawn and Mr. Rogers is going to come out and have some stern words with you” Tony spouted, the voice filter thankfully hiding the shake of his voice “And believe me, you don’t want that”
The blond God smiled shyly down to his mother, for a moment so reminiscent to his younger, fawn-like toddler days, Frigga placed a steadying hand to her belly, where she ached as if someone was trying to rip her child away from her womb.
“Will you stop your pouting?”
A moment later he was enveloped in his meaty arms. his whole body shaking as carefully brought his hands up to hold this utterly destroyed Thor, whose hurt and desolation burned worse than the bite of thousands of fatal spells.
His hips convulsed in halted, harsh thrusts. She chanted another’s name, over and over; pleading, overcome and so, so, lost in pleasure. The very same name Tony ached to say. And then she peaked with a jolt and a shriek, dragging him over the edge with her as he shoved in balls deep. Tony finally let go and howled: “
Thor smiled at the disheveled man and turned slightly to face his intended. “Not that I am averse to the sequence of events, but what has brought this on, Steven?”
“That’s what we’re calling it now?” Natasha smiled crookedly, giggling as Laura hurried past her in a rushed wobble.
Thor listened carefully as the Captain inquired over the limits of illusion spells, as he had seen Loki cast plenty in his stay on Earth. Of course, the mages were not quite as powerful as his brother, a God. But they could set some runes to create illusions for a limited time. The captain nodded and explained his idea.
“You’re welcome, Cap.”
Steve hadn’t laughed that hard in over 5 (more like 75, maybe) years.
As his sight blurred back to his tearing eyes, he was graced with the image of the Captain, the worthy one, standing tall before him, no more the bloodthirsty warrior. But an honorable man, who would not smite an enemy when he was down on his knees.
“Well, I guess this is goodbye” Tony snorted inelegantly as he fumbled with his words and chose to bluff under the Soldiers lovely gaze “How many times are we going to do this? Because let me tell you it’s starting to lose some of it’s luster.”
Thor held the Soldier’s grinning face in his hands, gazing at his mirthful cerulean eyes as if he could keep them, lose himself in them if he stared long enough. This was his world now, he thought, and what a magnificent one it is.
“Of course, Steven. These are our chambers, you will have your own private rooms as well as our common, wedded bed.” Thor explained with a large smile, guiding the surprised Captain across the antechambers to the largest pair of doors to what would be their shared bed.
“Drax!”
Well, this is going spectacularly. Thor thought.
Thor coughed and retook his story “Anyways, back to Frandal, he was scorned and mutilated for life. He did the only thing he could think to hurt my Brother back. He lied.”
“Steven, mind the limp!”
It took a moment for it to really sink in, as Thor stood bare-chested, wedding veil and spring flowers in his hair, a fool made of himself. It was only until his eyes met the cold terror in the Captains gaze that it struck. With a shuddering breath, Thor saw his world come tumbling down around him once more.
Thor smiled at the mortal and his nonchalance to both his work and receiving immortality by the hands of a God, alike. Thor eyed the Captain with heated, tender interest, now that he had left behind his perturbed thoughts and leaned on much happier endeavors, such as… “Won’t you finish your song for me, husband? Let us hear what had the God of Arts so distraught.”
His husband had the helmet of the suit in one hand, the shield still on his shoulders, and his clothes were in a terrible state - Tony would’ve scolded him later - but nothing mattered except that he was home.
“Because she’s the prettiest,” the little one chirped, hiding his little lovely face in Steve’s neck. Both parents looked delighted by that statement, then Tony made a told-you-so face and kissed away Steve’s following pouting, that time with more emphasis, but always innocently.
“You won’t,” Tony urged answering, cupping Steve’s face with one hand, “You won’t Alpha, I’m not going anywhere,” he reassured, looking directly at him. The room was dark, they couldn’t look at each other in the eyes, but the movements were so familiar they didn't really need to see.
Steve tore his mouth away, and it hurt, it felt like someone took away the most important part of himself, but there was something wrong with his Omega, and even the most animalistic part of Steve couldn’t ignore that.
“Don’t put those kinds of ideas in my son’s head,” Tony threatened him, trying to glare, but still looking all soft and cute.
“Daddy and I will talk about it,” Steve answered, before Tony could react again. His Omega gave him a severe look, mouthing a ‘no’ without saying it.
“Listen, brat!” Logan’s voice thundered, and he pointed at Wade with the cigar in hand. “You give any trouble, and this time Colossus’s not gonna save your ass”
Bucky’s eyebrows were furrowed, mouth set in an unimpressed line. “I’ll just pretend to understand and that ya gonna be totally normal parents for Peter”
“Only at my belly,” he pouted more, and moved his gaze away.
He brought his free hand up and settled it onto the back of Tony’s neck, keeping him steady as he sealed his own lips on the Omega’s throat. He heard his name again, his first name. He’s not calling me Alpha, he realized. He heard it again, together with his hair being pulled. Tony’s whole body was shaking with purring, heated by his Alpha’s attention, yet he was sending twisted messages by calling him Steve, and even if moaned with ecstasy, it sounded still wrong.
“We got it,” He managed to say through a soft whisper. He felt too overwhelmed by happiness and his voice broke into a cry when he repeated the words: “We- We got it”
- rolling up the sleeves that finished well over his wrists anyway, and then he wrapped himself in a blanket. A long yawn accompanied him while he dragged himself back to his husband; being a superhero, an inventor and a CEO was less tiring than having a little child, that’s for sure.
Another heavy breath from Tony, one with Steve’s name in it, another lewd rush of slick that teased all the Alpha’s instincts, letting him know the Omega’s body was
Steve’s smile was big and bright, the kind that only Tony could make him do. He started moving slowly, the weight of his Omega was almost non-existent but in real he didn’t have a place in mind where to go. He just wanted to keep hugging Tony, soothing him with feather-light kisses on his cheek and gentle rumbles.
When Tony was feeling anxious or overwhelmed, he didn’t hide anymore in his lab for days, building protections for himself and for all the people he loved.
He let go of Tony’s wrists and embraced him with an arm, lifting his chin up with the other hand, forcing him to look up. Tony’s eyes were lost in the haze of pleasure, his vision was blurred, softening at the edges.
“Thank you,” Steve rumbled quietly and touched their foreheads together.
Tony’s heart melted at the promise, as he tried to blend into his Alpha’s chest, a place where he knew he’d no longer fear anything else. He could protect himself, Peter, and Steve too, but his Omega were fervent by hearing his Alpha vowing to take there of him.
“Peter’s waiting for you, Omega, and someone told me I should go forage for supper,” he teased a little, hoping to make Tony’s furrowed brow relaxing again.
“Peter said they’re easy, and I know they aren’t, he’s already following most of the subjects they do in
Steve let go of his leg, but he continued to hold him with a firm arm around his waist and Tony was very relieved to share his own weight. After all, he hadn’t mated a super soldier for nothing. Then they pressed their foreheads together, Tony still mewling and moaning slightly, out of breath, Steve with the warmest gaze and fondest smile.
“Trust me,” the Omega whispered again, shaking his head with a bit of exasperation, pushing him down. Steve Rogers was the most stubborn Alpha, and that only get worse when he was under his instincts.
“Hum, I’m thinking about cheeseburgers and ice cream for lunch. How does it sound?”
, Rogers! You’ll see,” Tony threaten harshly. Then he moved to pick his favorite mug from the shelf, the one with Captain America’s shield on it that always made Steve smile, but the real Captain moved faster and stole it before Tony had the chance to catch it.
Steve roared from the depths of his throat, and Tony could have sworn that the whole Tower trembled by the power of that sound. Natasha and Clint chose to leave in that moment, covered by the sound of the Starkphone hitting the floor. Tony barely had time to realize what was happening, that he had Steve on him, and his strong scent all around him. He felt his mouth dry and his eyes spreading.
Tony’s pants, to take a full handful of his gorgeous ass, earning another pleasant moan that escaped the Omega’s wide opened lips.
“You developed a kink for exhibitionism?” He guessed with a twist of lips, sniffing the familiar, fierce scent of his Alpha.
Steve sighed with a mix of desperation and tenderness at his mate’s ridiculous behavior, and Tony buried his face more into Steve’s big chest. They’ve been “arguing” for a while, but it was very difficult to remain serious when they were lying on the couch, the Omega sprawled on him, chest to chest, and their little daughter comfortably curled above Tony’s back. Also, Tony was purring and melting into his arms, rubbing his nose and hiding his face in the space below his chin. But if asked to the Omega, they were arguing. Totally. Undoubtedly. Even if Mary was giggling, and Steve was petting Tony’s hair, his other arm asleep as it remained caught between the small of the Omega’s back and their daughter.
He would have done it, if the Omega had called him Alpha.
“We’ll look after him,” Steve assured Logan glancing back, but the mutant was already back in the car. They both frowned at Logan apparently indifference: he had a soft spot for the adopted child, or he wouldn’t have adopted him at all, but it was very difficult to see it in public.
Thrilled by Steve’s possible idea, he dotted kissed long his jawline, growling happily and making his mate chuckling. Everybody thought he had the cutest growl and it was true, either when he was upset or delighted. He only hoped that the idea wouldn’t have required himself on his knees, because frankly, that would have been beyond his current physical abilities. But he would’ve totally agreed to lie down on the bed, both Steve and him on one side, his hot mouth wrapped around the Alpha’s big cock-
There was a second of silence, during which two pairs of sharp blue eyes stared into each other, then Steve reached out and Wade took it, sealing the deal. Tony didn’t miss the little shake of Wade’s hand before the holding, but his gaze was certain, understanding.
“I’m fucking lucky,” the Omega admitted, another authentic laugh escaped his lips. He wasn’t crazy, he was so happy he couldn’t even stop himself from showing it, and the most charming smile lighted his face up. He cupped Steve’s cheek with one hand, the other hand’s fingers spread on his chest, right above his heart.
“I didn’t notice he was here,” he admitted, lowering his gaze.
“I’m sorry,” the Alpha whispered, clenching his jaw again, like the words were too difficult to tell.
He left to return in their bedroom, where he changed his shirt in favor of one of Steve’s big hoodies - big for
After Sam finished laughing at him for being both dramatic idiots - Steve didn’t get upset anymore, he was quite used to it and limited to roll his eyes - he tried for real to help a friend in need.
The Alpha’s gaze laid immediately on him, beaming in the view that was his mate covered by his own clothes; Tony was a thief, that’s been clear since the beginning of their relationship, and even after many years of marriage Steve still felt his possessive side being teased by it.
“Oh, are you patronizing me now?”
“Yeah, he figured. What’s going on Stevie?” Bucky had an inquisitor gaze, the kind that brought Steve’s memory back of almost a century.
“You smell incredible,” he stated breathlessly. He was overwhelmed by how good the Omega smelled, and his hands, both on Tony’s back hugging him tight, twitched to grab two handfuls of his swell ass.
“Steve?
“Hi,” he said playfully, when he heard nothing but Steve’s regular breath. “I’ve lost you for a moment”
“Can’t I change my mind? I bet you wouldn’t hold it against your child!” He yelled in Steve’s face, who was looking more worried second after second.
Steve picked him up effortlessly, both arms under his knees and his back, and for once Tony didn’t complain at all. He always had a thing for Steve’s show of strength.
“How could I ever be bored with you? I want to spend every day taking care of you, baby or not on the way. You’re the one I love, the one I want to grow old with, laughing at terrible jokes and worrying for your life every time you put yourself in danger to save others,”
He was about to talk back, and standing up just to make a point, but arguing with Tony exhausted him and it wasn’t good for the Omega too. He didn’t want to spend another night alone, and not being able to look at Tony in the morning, wandering around with the cutest sleepy head and making grabbing hands toward him until Steve put a mug of hot coffee under his nose. Well, it hadn’t been coffee since the Omega got pregnant, but they didn’t talk about it.
For a moment, he thought Bucky was smiling at him, a sweet and amused grin, but it went away quickly as he appeared.
“Nothing’s fine, you let your hair grow and I’ve warned you I’d want to style them, and now they are just–Ugh, they don’t wanna cooperate. They’re doing it on purpose to provoke me!”
“Don’t sat on my couch with your dirty clothes,” he warned, putting aside the StarkPad.
“All right kids get in the jet and wait for us. We’ll leave soon,” Steve instructed, turning around to face Tony with a mischievous grin meant only for him. Fuck, Steve knew; did he learn how to read mind? Or was only Tony’s own so clear for him?
, because Steve saw him like that, and Steve was right, he had the ability to look directly at his soul.
He didn’t look upset anymore, and that was very positive, therefore Steve decided to use that as an opportunity to make peace. Since Tony was remaining still, except for his hands and mouth, he closed the distance and took Tony’s wrists, yanking slightly to make his Omega pressing his fingers against his own chest.
He would have always called the baby ‘Peanut’ in his mind, but the little creature needed a real name. Tony tried for weeks to convince Steve that they were famous enough to choose an extravagant name, but eventually the baby wasn’t even the size of a peanut anymore. And he wasn’t really as much frivolous as he used to show, maybe just an 80% of it.
“Uh, your future child? Peanut, Tony’s excuse to make us do what he wants whenever he wants. Seriously Stevie, what’s going on?” The corner of Tony’s mouth quirked up in a satisfied grin, before he really thought about Bucky’s word.
“We had two days together, without our children. I love to spend my time with them more than anything, but,
Steve felt the familiar fabric of his mate’s underwear, he stroked the fancy, delicate lacy and Tony kneed when the Alpha squeezed him tighter, kneading at the hot flesh of his ass. “I did miss you,” the Alpha let out in a growl, lifting him up with one quick jerk.
“Hello, my favorite, beautiful Alpha,” Tony sang, lightly pushing on Peter’s back to make him get off his laps, where he was curled.
«Tomorrow.» He promised, leaning over to steal another kiss.
Tony run the fingers of his other hand through Steve’s hair, smoothing the back of his head, while raising on tiptoes placing a light kiss on the corner of his mouth.
The Omega wasn’t scared of him, he was hyper conscious of Steve’s power and aroused by it, but never terrified. The Alpha acting so jealous was another proof of their wonderful love, and Tony never loved so much to be an Omega.
“For whom?” Steve asked absently, his eyes remained fix on the grumpy Omega.
“What, you wanna ask if I’ve slept and eaten enough for the baby’s health?” He sounded strongly bitter. What would’ve been so terrible about that, anyway?
Steve swallowed thickly and took one of the pencils out of the case. Thunder Gray it read on the side.
Moments later, his wife joined him, sitting with a whisper of fine silks next to him under the shade of the trees.
Frigga held on to her silence, Loki tutted softly with a morose shake of his dark head.
He could hear the one that was following him.
"Stop hitting me!" The warewolf barked at the other, puffing up to look bigger.
Tony blinked and remained quiet. He was trying to tell if it was a trick or not. So far he couldn't find and diseat in his voice or movement.
"I wasn't trying to eat you that time."  The warewolf replied, his ears perking up as he looked up at Tony. All Tony did was roll his eyes and leaned against the tree he sat upon.
"Didn't hear me? Go on, nothing here to eat! go away!" He watched the wolf below him. Tony could see vague features. The lighter gold markings around his muzzle and just above his eyes. Those blue eyes that stared him down.
Tony knew in his gut someone or something else was in this forest with him, harmless or not. He didn't like it one bit. The feeling of being followed by the unknown was never a nice one. As Tony walked he could hear it inching closer and closer. He heard it sniff the air and that's when his stomach dropped. This thing was hunting him.
Tony looked around at his surroundings, listening and looking for a possible pack. It didnt seem like the wolf belonged to a pack that he could see. This was somewhat of a relief for him to see he was alone at least.
Tony made a fist and punched the warewolf that held him down in the nose the hardest Tony's ever punched something. He earning a loud Yelp from the warewolf as it scrambled back off of him. Tony, as quick as possible turned into a bat. He struggling to focus on staying a bat, fear still fresh in his mind. He flew high to a branch in the closest tree. Desperate to get away from the beast that tried to kill him just moments ago.
“You deserve one”
“No, no, no, give me that, you have the little one” Thor demanded, beckoning with his hand for the Captain to release the better charcoal pencil. Their dinner laid half eaten as they both sat quietly and attempted to draw one another in large pads of fine, creamy paper.
Steve nodded, purposely obtuse “I’ll have to be fast then.”
The Captain eyed the exchange with a furious blush and plopped himself sullenly in the seat Thor pulled for him with a distraught scowl and a sarcastic smile “Morning to you too”
“She is Thanos’ daughter.” Heimdall declared, tightening his grip on the cyborg woman until she winced and stilled. Gamora sprung forward, eyes pleading to the All Father.
Perhaps, with time…
Thor caught the Soldier’s mouth in another deep kiss, too lost to do otherwise, and frantically began to unbuckle his belt.
The warriors and lady burst into laughter, jostling each other as they parted to allow Steven and Lady Sit to once again take the ring. Both holding identical sets of daggers and wearing equal jaunty expressions.
And wasn’t that a thrill to think?
Steve nailed his earnest gaze on his as he announced “The reason I started therapy.”
Thanks again for your lovely comments!
, maybe” Fury conceded “But all together? You see, word is a powerful thing, it can make a man or it can destroy him.”
Thor stumbled back, a collective gasp rising from the crowd as Loki and the Captain blinked owlishly, their eyes darting about as if expecting the real Odin to jump out and cry jest. The All Father’s smile grew wide.
“Don’t worry your pretty little blond head over it” Barton assured him “Mom and Dad fight all the time, but they still love you very much”
“You could control yourself ‘til the little one left, that was enough. You know you can always let it out with me, right? Don’t beat your gorgeous self up, I’m here for a reason too”
,” he continued for a few minutes, finally getting results: Peter’s crying regressed down to sighs and sniffles, followed by the last big tears falling down his chubby red cheeks.
“You fought Algrim, the dark elf, with your bare hands?”
Thor sent a glance the Captain’s way, to ensure he was still preoccupied with the Director and mouthed his agreement topped with a wink. The Archer grinned evilly.
“Very much so; thank you, Thor”
“Steven!” Thor beamed, dumping his whole weight on his grumpy husband, laughing when the Soldier groaned and batted at him weakly, his brilliant mind addled by sleep and his legendary patience set to it’s lowest. “You are awake! Thank the Norn’s!”
The Captain’s cock laid hard and leaking clear, pearly drops on his tight belly; a soft golden tuff crowning his lovely member, perfectly proportioned and uncut.
What were the requirements for one to be deemed worthy?
And was gifted with an accurate strike of a book to the genitals for his troubles.
Chapter 30: The Trial.
And so, ensued a good full 10 minutes of ridicule. Somehow Stark managed not only to not lift the magical hammer, even after breaking and donning his last remaining suit of armor, stating magnanimously that he would rule Asgard with a firm but cruel fist; and that yes, Prima Nocta is totally a thing.
Thor gasped, muscles clenching as he fought the invisible hold while fire licked its way across his useless limbs. Loki pressed a soft kiss to Thor’s cold cheek, whispering softly in his ear. “Sleep tight, brother”
“Thor” Steven moaned his name, his hips working hard and fast as his breaths drew short; soft, beautiful gasps rang high with each stroke of their urgent bodies.
