"Good," Tony said. "That'll be all for now." The crew member went off to complete his next task. Tony turned his attention back to Pepper.
"No," Smith said firmly. "First, you're going to get your ass back into that bed and let me do what I need to do. Then, I'll tell you what I know." Tony swallowed hard. The fiery look in her eyes made him not want to argue, so he did as she said and got back into bed.
"You said 'one of,'" Tony said. "Not 'the greatest man you've ever known.' You always refer to him like that."
"No," Oswin shook her head. "That'd be like a bank posting exactly how much money they have in the vault on the front door."
"Let's find out." He went over to the bathroom door and knocked. "Tony?" No answer. "Tony, honey, are you awake?" Still no answer. Lara sighed and walked past him.
"By 'a great deal', what do you mean?" They both knew she wasn't going to like the answer.
"Just because my handwriting has a bit more flare than yours…"
. Steve was afraid of all those things. Albeit, for different reasons than Tony might think, but he was afraid nonetheless and for that Steve felt completely ashamed.
So, here we are at the final full-length chapter. I hope this was all worth the wait.
"How would you know?" Steve asked. "You haven't been through this. Nobody's been through this and instead of helping me out or trying to make me feel welcome or anything, S.H.I.E.L.D. has been keeping me locked up in an apartment with no one to talk to and nothing to do but read a few outdated, half-redacted files. Tony's the only one who's tried to help me so far despite being so sick and I'm grateful for that. Now, I'm not just going to let him go jump into a dangerous situation and hope for the best. I'm going to find him, and I'm going to help him. You can try to stop me, Agent Romanoff, but no matter what I'm not going to stop until that I know that Tony's safe and getting the care he needs."
"Did Peggy really say that?" For the first time since that morning, Steve was smiling. Tony could tell even over the phone.
of the door shutting was the last sound heard in that room for a good five minutes. Neither Tony nor Pepper moved or said anything. Tony stared off into space. As much as he tried to reassure himself that it was unlikely he had AIDS, but the pit of dread boiling in his stomach kept telling him otherwise. Eventually, he managed to pull himself out of it enough to completely remove his shirt and start to pull his arms through the sleeves of the hospital gown. Pepper turned to look at him, her face stricken with worry and shock.
Originally posted to FFN on 6/22/18.
him from hurting himself. That's all."
"That's the thing," Steve said. "I know my thinking on that is wrong. I know that everything's changed. It's been over a year and I still just can't come to terms with it. Every time I look around I expect to see things a certain way, but I don't. Every time I talk to someone I expect them to say one thing when they come out with something entirely different. I keep trying to reconcile it all in my head, but it just isn't working, and it just gets worse when I'm around you." Tony's eyes narrowed in confusion.
Evac had been ordered, but no one had left the room. They couldn't. This was Ground Zero. Whatever was going on with the Tesseract, these people were the last chance at containing the fallout of it. Luckily, all the scientists were aware of the risk they were taking, and no one lost their cool and tried to bolt for the door. That was all well and good to Clint. He wouldn't have to waste any of his tranquilizer arrows.
"No."
"Sir," JARVIS' voice interrupted. "You're running a 105-degree fever. I suggest you seek medical help immediately."
"I've got a body over here!" The man who shouted that sounded like he was miles away, but Carol had a feeling that was not the truth. She heard a bigger commotion converge above her and subsequently the weight started lifting off her. Realizing she probably did not have an excuse not to get up anymore, Carol opened her eyes and started to sit up. Looking around, what happened started coming back to her.
"Atta girl," Tony said, giving her a thumbs up before she turned and started to head back down the hall to their offices. That just left him with Steve, Natasha, and Carol.
"And you'd need a pretty up-to-date lab to even think about manufacturing this stuff," Betty said. "Plus, a boat load of money."
"No, be completely honest," Tony said. "Don't hold back. No matter what you say, though, remember that the Pan-Am/MetLife center was much worse."
"Yes," Freeman confirmed. "All of them are there. The only exclusion is the Q&A panel you'll be doing later today. That one will be live and open to the public."
Most of the popcorn she was able to scoop back into the bowl and dump out in the trash, but there were still tiny bits that she had to pluck out of the carpet by hand. She had a vacuum cleaner and she would run it, except that the people below her got angry and knocked on her door when she did. Although most of the time she was willing to put up the fight, she honestly doubted that it was the right time to do it after an earthquake and gas explosion, so she resigned herself to unnecessary manual labor. She was fairly certain that as she walked back and forth, Telemachus was hissing at her from wherever he was hiding, but her hearing hadn't returned yet, so she could just pretend that wasn't happening.
However, Thor brought them both back into the situation with one sentence.
"The Chitauri grow restless," the Other said.
"Glad to be of service," Bruce said before turning to Natasha. "Do you think Barton will want any of this?"
"That would be an intervention," Lara said. "I think we've already said numerous times that is a terrible idea."
Then once he woke up seventy years later, he couldn't stop himself from checking out the first good-looking person he saw. The paragon of American values, everyone!
"Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you," Fury said. That didn't surprise Steve. Of course, he would save the dangerous Nazi weapon. He probably wanted to know how in the hell they made those guns and was probably trying to figure out a way to reverse-engineer it. Steve wished for a second that Howard was still alive just, so he could smack him on the back of the head for doing something so dangerous and stupid. The most he could hope for though was that Peggy had already done it for him at some point in the past.
"Regardless," Stark said. "The point is probably mute anyway. If we're dying, Steve and Romanoff will probably know before we do. The way these people handle information, we'll be the last to know." Clint shrugged.
The conversation ended there as once again, the scene sprung to life with action and sound. All that proceeded it was a call of Tony's name – his
Nothing out of the ordinary was caught in the first hour and a half of footage. A handful of people entered and left the building, but none of them were Tony. At first, Steve was worried. If Tony was going to leave, he would have done so shortly after the elevator video was taken? He started to wonder if Tony could still be somewhere in the building or if he could have left through some other exit when the first very out of the ordinary thing happened. Two police officers stepped into frame.
"Because the Supreme Understanding enlightened me to the danger we are in," Adoniram said simply.
"I'm serious, Tony," she said. "We have to be out there in less than five minutes! What took you so long?"
"Is that a good idea?" Carol asked.
"That has yet to be determined," Agent Duran said. "For right now, all I can tell you is that this mystery rock might have something to do with an investigation I am currently running. Is it alright if I ask a few questions?"
After about fifteen minutes of struggling, Steve was finally able to get the suit off and was able to change into jeans and a black sweater. He was just pulling the shirt over his head when JARVIS spoke up.
Tony gestured up and down to her outfit, which was a far cry from the stereotypical space suit. She was wearing a black tank-top, a light-blue short-sleeved mini-jacket, ripped jeans, and lace-up boots. Tony did not care how strong she was and neither did the laws of physics. No one would be able to survive the vacuum of space wearing that.
"Pepper's alright, though?" Tony asked. Lara nodded in response but took a few more seconds to catch her breath before she tried speaking. She straightened up before swallowing hard.
"It works fine," she insisted. "Just load the video."
"Don't knock it until you try it." Pepper looked unconvinced, as did Lara.
It felt like forever before the shaking stopped and even when it did, Lara refused to get up. It took a particularly nasty swipe from the cat to finally get her to let go and even then, she just let Telemachus slide out from underneath her. She didn't move for another few minutes, waiting for the aftershock to come and finish her off.
"I can't drink champagne," he heard her shout up the stairs. Tony chose not to comment as he went up two flights of stairs, through his bedroom and into the en-suite bathroom. He was left feeling out of breath and dizzy by the time he got into the shower. It was so bad that he had to sit down and catch his breath.
He still needed to know why the doctors felt it necessary to restrain him. He tried lifting his arms up to gesture to the doctor what was wrong. She gave a little self-satisfied smirk in response.
"Give up?" Knežević questioned. "I don't know how." He tried to sit up, but with his injuries, it proved to be difficult. Somehow, though, he managed to do it. "If I just keep at it, if I try hard enough, things will go the way I want them to. They always do."
"You know where to find me," she said. She turned back around and as soon as she set foot on the first step, Dr. Smith rushed down to help her up. Carol and Tony continued the rest of the way and met Fury at the front door.
Steve nodded, and within seconds Tony found himself lifted into Steve's arms. Tony was astonished for a moment before he remembered that Steve had super strength. Lifting him was probably nothing compared to raising a bus. Tony found himself wrapping his arms around Steve again. Again, he knew it wouldn't last, so he tried to enjoy it.
"Well, that was helpful." Lara was the one to break the silence. Someone huffed in agreement.
"Sorry," Natasha raised her eyebrows. Just as she was about to apologize, Stark beat her to it. Yet another thing she hadn't been expecting. A little dumbstruck and still slightly embarrassed by her reaction, Nat just gave another nod and muttered something along the lines of "no need." Tony gave an understanding nod in response.
"Clint." Natasha's warning tone cut him off and came along with a look that said "you're about to say the wrong thing. Stop now while you're ahead."
"For the most part," Bruce confirmed.
With each piece of armor that was lifted off him, Tony could slowly feel the weight of the world slowly lifting from him. It was over. Loki was captured. The S.H.I.E.L.D. agents that had been under Loki's influence were being rounded up and detained while they tried to figure out how to break the mind control without using Natasha's process of "cognitive recalibration". The police, S.H.I.E.L.D., and the National Guard were evacuating unauthorized civilians from the area, getting them to safety and medical attention if necessary. All the Avengers were accounted for, even if they were a little worse for wear. Steve was alive, safe, and head over heels for him (and yes, Tony still couldn't believe that last thing.) Most importantly, though, he was still alive.
Tony shut his door and locked it behind him. He knew Howard was going to be angry with him for storming out of the party and would probably be at his door once it was over, and he just didn't want to deal with a headache that argument would bring. Sighing, he contemplated what to do next.
"I hope you're right about that," Steve said, though he was starting to get a feeling deep in his gut that she was wrong.
"Exactly what I just said," he responded. "Any person or group of individuals – from this planet or any other – that pose a substantial and credible risk to the lives and safety of the people of this planet." Everhart looked a bit sour for a split-second – upset that she wasn't going to get anything stronger than that from him – but quickly slipped back on her media-ready mask.
"Fine," he said. "If you're going to tell them a story, we might as well make it true."
"It's about the lawsuit." Slowly, Pepper nodded.
Tony had initially written off that "moving forward" speech back at the museum as a side effect of the delirium of being this sick, but the more he thought about it, the more he agreed with it. He did like Steve. Whether as a friend or something more had yet to be determined, but in the end he held no ill will towards the Captain. He'd probably hold a little resentment for the fact that he could never do anything to be as good as Captain America in his father's eyes, but that was a problem he had with Howard, not with Steve. He wanted to have Steve in his life. Unfortunately, S.H.I.E.L.D. might have taken that opportunity away from him before he even had a chance to make things right.
"All of it's bothering me," Clint admitted. "It's like a bunch of bees decided to build a hive in my head. It's a constant, unending buzz. I can ignore it most of the time, but the rest…"
. Everyone wanted Rhodey to pick because he was their guest, but he ended up deferring his choice to Carol. The only movie that she knew the name of that wasn't a Christmas movie was
"Well, I see better from a distance," Clint said.
"Good to go on this end," Tony notified her. "The rest is up to you."
"Too bad," he said. "That was a good time." Tony smiled.
It hit the ground, but everyone was fine. No one was hurt, everyone made a nice, calm, orderly exit and I was like 'seriously? This can't be real.' I mean, if a plane really fell out of the sky like that, wouldn't everyone be killed or at least gravely injured upon impact? I'm not wrong here, am I?"
"No," Rhodey said. "But you can promise me you won't do that again, no matter how tired or distressed you feel."
"Alright," he said. "See you tomorrow, Boss."
"No," Natasha said. "Director Fury is worried about overwhelming you with too much of the world at once. Things have changed a lot for both the better and worse and given the fact that you only woke up four days ago… You haven't had time to process this; this world, what happened, all of it. It's a lot to take in at once and it's confusing…"
"Yeah. He gave me his phone number when I met him the other day and told me to call him." Steve was fingering the slip of paper in his pants pocket as he said that.
"It's alright," Bruce assured. "I wouldn't have come aboard if I couldn't handle pointy things."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony really didn't think he would, but at the same time he had to admit that deleting the video might be the wrong thing to do. So, after he ended the call with Rhodey, Tony didn't try to get back in the penthouse, even though he heard the door unlock. Instead, he headed back downstairs to face the rest of the day, however painful that may be.
"One, I'm going to need you to be more specific than that," she said. "Two – and I can't believe I have to point this out twice in the same conversation – you have a
Pulling down Tony's street, Rhodey was relieved to find that the media had not set up an encampment in front of his house. At least, not yet anyway. Punching in his access code at the gate, the entryway flung open on its own, allowing Rhodey to drive down into Tony's garage.
"No, I was talking to her." Fury gestured to Carol. "Stark, this is Captain Carol Danvers. She's the one who brought you here." Carol held out her hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
Taking two careful, yet very heavy steps forward, Lara tried to walk out of the stall but instead slammed straight into the door. She attempted to push it open before remembering that she locked it. She reached for the lock but couldn't quite find it. Looking over at the space between the door and the stall, she searched for the lock to find that she couldn't see at all. Her entire field of vision was reduced to the size of a pinprick.
"I'm so sorry," Steve said. Tony shrugged.
Okay, I'm actually coherent now. Let's just get on with the chapter.
Thank you to The Other Jet Engine and mfaerie32 for the reviews on FFN! It really means a lot!
Still, no matter how sorry Rhodey was feeling for Tony right then, Tony was feeling ten-thousand times sorrier for himself. Just to exemplify that, Tony wiped at his face while trying to suck as much snot as he could back up into his nose. It did not work too well.
"What?" she exclaimed. "I never told
"Is she okay?" he asked. "Dr. Smith said she was recovering but I haven't heard anything since then."
"That was Hill," she said. "She and Fury are on their way up with Stark."
"Good," Bruce said, readjusting his position to get more comfortable. "I actually just came over to see how you were doing." Lara snorted dismissively.
"I meant the tape being made in the first place," Rhodey said. "It wasn't your fault." Tony's face fell further.
"Where is Fury?" Tony asked.
"Yeah, sure," Pepper said. "Go ahead." Lara took off in the direction Pepper just came from. Steve was going to follow her, but Pepper caught him by the arm. "Um, Steve, is it alright if I talk to you for a second?" Steve tilted his head a furrowed his brow but nodded nonetheless. Pepper took a deep breath and looked him in the eye. "Listen, I'm sorry I gave you the third-degree earlier. It was nothing personal, just a stressful situation and I didn't know who you were or your intentions. That's all. No hard feelings?"
"Even so," Clint said. "I could never imagine keeping something like that from her especially not my significant other." Astoundingly, Stark let out a little chuckle.
She took a deep breath before turning back to Bruce.
"Finesse my ass," Carol shook her head and got back to the main topic. "So, you haven't been monitoring Stark at all. You have no idea if he's sought mental health help to deal with what happened?"
"You okay?" Tony repeated. "You've been pretty quiet."
"No," Lara said, holding up a hand placatingly. "That's okay. I'm good."
"Tony," she said, bringing a hand to her forehead. "This is serious."
"Trust me, you wouldn't have." Tony turned his attention to the blonde S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. "You were just about to pass out when you left last night. Pepper and I were still fairly alert when you left and neither of us noticed anything suspicious with Freeman."
"Well, I was having a conversation with Captain Rogers," Tony said. "Which you rudely interrupted."
"I know you like boys and girls." Steve's head snapped up and his eyes went wide. Terror was too calm of a word to describe what he was feeling. "It's alright. Believe me, I am the last person on Earth who would publicly out you. That's not something I'd wish upon anyone." Steve's heart was pounding, and his mind couldn't comprehend anything that was happening.
"No good, Daddy!" Lila chastised.
"Well, I really wouldn't know, now would I?" Pepper said as Tony came to stand next to her.
"Yeah," she finally said. "The cut was a clean slice with no glass embedded. Not enough to require stitches; just a big ugly band-aid."
"Of course, ma'am," he said. "I'll notify security and staff immediately."
Cast out of the Kingdom of Asgard, Loki made a deal with the devil himself, Thanos, to preserve his own life and the realm he wished to rule. He agreed to lead an invasion force to Earth and retrieve the Tesseract for both his and Asgard's ensured survival. Over a year later, the time for invasion has arrived...
"Alright, now I'm just curious," Rhodey said. "What could possibly have you so worried?"
After opening a letter filled with white powder, Clint has contracted a very serious and potentially deadly illness.  Now, it's up to Steve and Natasha to bring the people responsible to justice.
"It's okay," he said.
"You better hope you're right about that," she said.
Originally uploaded to FFN on 10/6/20.
For several minutes, Lara watched as the company of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents tried desperately to get the elevator to work. They could always just take the stairs, but it was 49 floors up to the main penthouse floor and it was less feasible to try to invade via that route. Just to be safe, though, Lara locked the access doors to the stairs.
"My apologies, Brother Daniel," he said. "But you have to understand that what I just learned is quite shocking."
"Probably…" was the best Tony could come up with. Honestly, although Steve had known his father in his younger, better years, he hoped he saw nothing of his father in him at all, period. When Tony knew him, he was a bitter drunk, too wrapped up in his own research to give a damn about his own wife and son, and on the rare occasion he could, it usually wasn't for good reasons. If Tony could help it, he would never become anything like Howard. He'd stamp out any sign or inkling that he was turning into Howard, ASAP.
Tony and Lara responded at the same time. A look of relief came over Barton's face.
"Regardless," Thor said. "I can assure you I have never seen anything like that before. That was…"
"It's not a problem," he said. "I
Steve's file contained just the general information about his origin and the effects the Super Soldier Serum had on him along with pictures of him pre and post-de-icing and old battle footage from World War II. Tony had already come clean to Pepper and Lara about who Steve truly was, so he wasn't worried about that. No, what worried him was the fact that Steve's file was included with the rest of the Avengers. He didn't know that Steve was supposed to be a part of the initiative. (Although, why S.H.I.E.L.D. wanted to thaw him and have full access to him was starting to make more sense.) Worse yet, the fact that Tony was being handed these files at all was a bad sign. Looking glancing at the time display on one of the screens, Tony saw that it was 8:05. Steve had yet to show up. Tony knew that something bad was going down, and now all he hoped was that S.H.I.E.L.D. didn't drag Steve into it (mostly for selfish reasons, but there were a few legitimate ones thrown in there, too.)
"Uh, yes." Adoniram started laughing.
"Sorry, sorry," she said hastily. "But that has to be the most stereotypical, misguided view of therapy I've ever heard in my life. I swear, I'm laughing at the idea, not you."
"Which is why we are terrible people," Lara said.
"Whatever," Clint said. "It's not the ceiling or the walls of my bedroom, so it's prettier than anything I've seen in a long time." He walked over to the table and took the second seat to the left from Steve. Tony scoffed.
The two men walked to the edge of the carrier's flight deck. Looking down they saw a giant fan emerging from the water. At first, it could easily be mistaken for some sort of submerging mechanism, but once it clicked into place and the carrier started rising, it became clear that the vessel was both sea and air capabilities. Steve had to take a couple of steps backward in sheer shock, and Bruce gave a sort of humorless laugh.
"You have nothing to apologize for," Mrs. Barnes said. "I mean, I can barely imagine what any of that was like."
"Carol," Maria said, steadfastly sympathetic. "You know it's not your fault Fury didn't call you. That's all on him."
"Do you need anything?" Steve asked. "Water, anything?"
"I like the sound of that." Steve's lips quirked upwards.
"It actually does help a bit. Thank you." Laura laughed again. Clint smiled as he thought of the best way to transition into the topic of the dog. "Listen, there's something I wanted to talk to you about…"
"I'm just saying that a few months ago, we saw aliens invading from a portal in the sky. The impossible is very much possible."
"No, it won't," Lara admitted. "But it gives us grounds to raise hell with the corporate offices."
"Tony Stark, look at me!" Tony felt a hand come to rest on his shoulder and implore him to turn around. Having no other choice, he did exactly that and came face-to-face with an extremely angry Lara Conroy. Despite her rage, Tony didn't feel afraid or threatened. They didn't call it "liquid courage" for nothing, after all.
"We don't have lunatic asylums anymore either," Tony said. "We kind of got rid of those after we found out how bad places like Willowbrook were."
"Alright, what's going on, Stark?" Tony knew playing dumb would do him no good, but he needed extra time to think up possible defenses.
"Oh, it's my turn to talk now?" he said. "Sorry, forgot I was in the room." Pepper had that "stop-being-so-uncooperative" look on her face, but the doctor looked more troubled. All he did was talk. If doing that alone was enough to make a doctor worried, then he really must be in a bad place.
"If you believe in God why do you tamper with his work?" she asked. "Why did you stop the fated end of days? Why did you purposefully tamper with the gifts he gave you? Why couldn't you make do with what you already had?"
"I don't know," Natasha said. "Whoever's left." Clint gave a little nod.
"Steve." Steve raised his hands and shrugged while smirking.
," Romanoff stressed her point hard. "I know two days isn't enough to establish a pattern, but seeing how I've seen you behave while under the influence of alcohol in the past combined with everything I've observed in the past two days, I think I have a right to be concerned."
"Next to none," she said. "But I'm not stupid. I do know how the media thinks. Tony's pale and he's struggling to walk. Anyone can see that plain as day. Force him to go out there and the vultures will pick him apart."
The loud
"You knew about this?" he asked. "You ordered it?" Adoniram sighed.
"How will your friends have time for me," he said. "when they are so busy fighting you?" Tony barely had a second to react before Loki raised his staff and touched it to his chest. A soft
"Where is it?" Tony frowned.
The video was not exactly new. Based on the surroundings and the clothes that Tony and Stone were wearing, Rhodey was able to conclude that the video was taken at the Bellagio Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas the previous November. Tony seemed to have it in his head that the best way to celebrate Thanksgiving was by getting drunk and gambling away huge sums of money. How those two things correlated with the holiday, Rhodey did not know. All it really meant was that they got to spend the weekend indulging in all the reckless hedonism the City of Sin had to offer. Rhodey himself had indulged in a buxom blonde named Tiffany he was whom he met up with by the roulette table. Meanwhile, Tony had been indulging in his time with Stone – as the tape was now showing.
The world kept changing, flashing back and forth. One second, Clint would be watching his home and family being destroyed; the next, he would be in a room made up of sharp pinks and electric blues, edges thrumming on green. In this world, a huge group of people was surrounding him, trying to insert needles and whispering in menacing voices phrases like "we only want to help, Agent Barton," and "please, you need to rest, let us help you get back to sleep." There was only one voice in and amongst that mess that he recognized, and he was greatly relieved when he heard it.
"I wouldn't start celebrating just yet, Mr. Stark," Rawls said. "You're not quite out of the woods." Tony felt his chest freeze as he turned his eyes back to the doctor. "Further examination of the blood sample you provided us with revealed some alarming results." She placed a sheet of paper down on the tray table in front of him and pointed at the picture on the left side of the page. "These are an example of normal healthy red blood cells. Notice how most of them maintain a rigid, round shape." Tony nodded and she moved her finger to the image on the right side of the page. This one was notably captioned with the labels "Subject: STARK, A. E." and the date. "This is an image of a sample of your blood. Notice anything different?"
"Oh, I believe you," Natasha said. "No worries there. I just need to know how to fix this."
Looking up at the blacklights, Clint took a deep breath and let out a sigh. Other than sleeping, there wasn't much to do. If he wasn't painfully aware of what true torture was, he'd be calling this torture. He got that they needed to have outlets available for the machines, but they couldn't at least give them a book to read or a deck of cards? This was only slightly more bearable than solitary confinement, mostly because he knew he wasn't alone.
"Top powerful," Steve dismissed. "Let me get a look outside."
"Half as good?" Pepper questioned.
"I wish I could," Steve's mother said. "I wish I could! All of them… I just wanted to take all of them home, clean them up, and give them a nice, home-cooked meal. I don't care if they're sick, lunatics, retarded, queer… No one should ever be forced to live like that, no one."
"Heard you've been asking around, looking for a vacant planet." Utterly speechless, Tarquan had nodded in conformation. "I know exactly the place you need to go."
"He turns," said Commander Hill, the first person to get a word in edgewise.
"Tony!"
"Excuse me if I find that hard to believe," she said. Natasha leaned a little closer and spoke in a firm tone.
"Well, it'd have to be large doses of palladium over a prolonged period of time," Rawls speculated. "But I suppose it is possible. Why? Are you saying you've been exposed to large amounts of palladium?"
It went on like this for a while. Before long, Natasha was able to smash the chair apart, allowing her to freely move and easily take out the two lackeys. When the boss tried to get up and take her out himself, she managed to tie a chain around his leg and push him through an open panel in the floor. Once that was taken care of, Natasha collected the phone and her shoes and began to make her way to the building's exit.
"What?" he said. "You're saying that Steve Rogers – Captain America – was gay?"
"Loki?" she asked.
"So what?" Bruce said. "He just wants us to help out with his charity. That doesn't sound too nefarious."
"Agent Romanoff, Captain Rogers," Coulson introduced as the redhead came over.
"Yes."
Steve stepped into the meeting room to see Tony sitting at the circular table, his chin resting on his hands and chin resting on his hands and eyes resting on some point thousands of miles away; clearly lost in thought. Natasha and Bruce went to go get Clint and Lara offered to take Lucky out for a walk so that way no one would be left waiting. This left the two of them alone for a moment, which in all honesty, they both needed.
"Sure," Conroy said. "What hospital?"
me. I never wanted to see his face again."
"Possibly," Adoniram said. "Do you have anything else to report as far as the Avengers are concerned?"
Since Tony knew the override codes for the elevator, he could program it to take them up to Stark Industries' executive floor without making any other stops. The doors opened and Tony almost blasted out of the elevator before he remembered that he still had Steve with him. He put a hand on the door to keep it from closing before turning back to Steve.
"Holy shit," he said. "I know homelessness is a problem, but we don't solve it by running them over." All eyes turned towards him. Relief came across Pepper and Happy's faces.
"We've been robbed," Pepper repeated, but Tony still couldn't believe it.
The officers stepped out of frame as soon as they appeared. Most likely, they headed straight for the front desk to talk to the night staff. However, within ten minutes they were joined by two more officers. …Then two more. …Then a bus load. Steve raised his eyebrows and looked to Natasha. She had brought her fist to her mouth and was studying the officer's movements intently. That was enough to confirm to Steve that this was not normal.
"Wait," Tony tried to cut in, but Natasha cut him off.
"Tony, you're not going to Long Island," Steve said. "If you want to go back to the hotel, we'll go back to the hotel. I just think you should sit down for a second first, okay?"
"No!" he yelled. "I don't want to go!"
doctors, but your blood is going to the CDC. That's a different animal entirely; not as much to worry about."
"I seriously was about to fire him when the Code Orange was called," she said. "That stopped me, and I couldn't. I can't get rid of the head of PR in the middle of an emergency. That would be suicide." Lara squeezed her eyes shut hard.
"You've been vaccinated against anthrax," she pointed out. "Along with every other bio-weapon known to man. You're not going to die. You're going to be fine."
The words hit Clint's heart hard. She was right. He needed to put all his energy into fighting this. He couldn't let this virus take him down, not without putting up a fight first.
she thought.
"Already starting with the hard-hitting questions, Miss Donovan?" Carol put on her best fake smile.
"Hi Dad!" he shouted cheerfully. Laura laughed.
Originally published to FFN on 6/17/18
"Tell that to my ex," she said. "He woke me up with repeated phone calls and the only way I got him to stop was by turning off my phone. If you want to complain to anyone, the person you should is just one tap of the power button away."
(See the end of the chapter for
It was difficult for him to say all of that – so much so that he forced himself to spit it out in a rather rushed manner, but it was what needed to be said. Pepper was absolutely stunned into silence.
With that reminder, Tony turned his eyes to the window to see if the earthquake had caused any damage. That's when he saw the huge plume of smoke rising in the distance.
The plan went off without a hitch. Well, at least at first. Steve headed east with his group while Natasha went west with hers. Once they got to the second floor, the group dissolved as each person took up their designated positions. Steve had almost reached his when he heard gunshots go off. He already knew who it was.
I hope you're all happy with the choice Tony made! It felt like it took forever to get him to that point, but he's taking the first steps toward recovery now, and that's the most important thing.
While he was disappointed that their shared shower wasn't going to take a more intimate turn, Tony did relish in each touch Steve laid upon him. Just feeling his deft fingers work to lather the shampoo and conditioner into his hair took Tony to realms of ecstasy that he didn't know existed. If Steve could do that just by washing his hair, Tony couldn't imagine what he when he handed his entire body over to him. It didn't stop him from trying, though.
Sharing a brief look with Tony, Steve rushed to grab his shield and pull the cowl over his head. Tony put the helmet back on and it quickly snapped back to life. Steve watched as Tony hit a button on the wall and the Quinjet's rear hatch came open.
Carol padded down the stairs with bare feet. After getting Jessica settled into bed, she was convinced to take a shower. Apparently, she "smelled like space," and while Carol personally didn't mind the smell of space, she couldn't say when the last time she took a shower was and relented that she was probably overdue. So, finding a t-shirt and jeans that roughly fit her, she went to get herself cleaned up.
come to your understanding?" Adoniram gave her a puzzled look.
Tony's brow furrowed. He vaguely recognized the man but couldn't put a name to the face. Regardless, the man got out of the car and knelt in front of him.
"He's not dead yet, though," Steve pointed out. "And he wouldn't want you to do it." Natasha gave a weak chuckle at the notion.
"How appropriate." Laura was smiling. That was good. "I take it he doesn't have a family?"
"What's happening?" she pleads. "What'd you do to me? Why are you doing this to me? Please, make it stop!" A smirk appeared on Knežević's face as he gave his answer.
"Yeah," Rhodey confirmed.
Not long after boarding, they had taken off. One of the perks of having a private jet was that there were no delays or wait times. Tony was okay during lift-off and for the first ten or fifteen minutes of the flight. Then everything went to hell.
"No," Tony said, looking down. "I actually wanted to ask you about something."
"Contrary to popular belief, I can handle myself," Tony said.
"How do I know you're telling the truth?" The smirk didn't leave the girl's face as she reached into the pocket of her jean shorts and pulled out what looked to be a golden, diamond-encrusted necklace. "Holy shit!" He took the necklace from her and examined it to ensure it was real. As far as he could tell, it was.
"I thought humans were more evolved than this." Fury whipped his head around.
He'd have to thank Romanoff for that save later. It was rather brilliant. Not only would it not look weird for him and Steve to be holding hands when they all were, it also solidified that image of unity they were talking about earlier. It was very symbolic. Tony would have to find out when her birthday was and make sure to get her something extra nice.
"I don't have a problem," Tony said.
"Yup," he said. "I'm not going anywhere until your eyes are shut and I hear you snoring."
"We think your father might have kept files that contained key information about a problem we are currently facing. This information could prove to be an invaluable asset in finding a solution to that problem."
"We're not sure," Wallace said. "The alarms never went off and none of my personnel have said that they saw anything suspicious in the past few days."
"Did you mourn?" Loki asked, though he already knew the answer. No. No one did. No one cared. Not Thor, not his "mother" and "father", not any of his supposed "friends". They all went on with their lives as if nothing happened. No one could be bothered to care about him. That's how it always was and that's how it always will be. Still, he was taken a little by surprise with what Thor said next.
"Hello," he said as he opened the door. "What can I do for the two of you this fine evening?"
"You okay to stand on your own?" Conroy asked as she started to retract her support.
"I hate to dump this on you, now," he said. "But the press is breathing down my neck for a statement. Are we publicly calling this an attack?"
"Two nights ago," he repeated. "When I told you that I told Pepper and Happy that I wanted to get help." Steve could only nod and give a weak "yeah," as a response. Tony gave a deeper frown. "Steve, you know I need to do something, right?"
"Your daughter was killed by the Chitauri," Natasha said. "If she evacuated when the police told her to, I assure you, she would still be alive today."
Turning the light off before opening the door, Tony stepped back out into the bedroom. Slowly and carefully, he slipped himself back under Steve's arm, careful not to wake him. Once he worked himself back into the position he was in before, Tony shut his eyes and pressed his forehead up against Steve's shoulder.
"You're still working?" Bruce asked.
"What are you talking about?" he asked.
Tony could only nod and give a drawn out "yep," in response. Pepper's look turned sympathetic.
"No, you've got to work for it." Lara brought the ball down closer to Lucky, and he immediately sprang into action, trying to knock the ball out or her hand. However, he was not quick enough. Lara lifted the ball out of his reach again, causing Lucky to whine and resume his stance begging for Lara to drop it. "No, you aren't going to go anywhere in life if you don't work for it, so work for it."
"I don't remember it being that easy," Steve said. "This guy packs a wallop."
In the left corner of the room there was a bar setup. It once held several expensive bottles of fine liquors, but now it was completely bare and empty. Pepper had done as he had asked and poured all the alcohol down the drain. When he had been going through withdrawals, Tony had managed to get out from under Steve's supervision long enough to come in this room to try to seek relief from the pain. He had hoped to find at least one bottle that Pepper had missed. However, she had been thorough and not a single drop of alcohol remained. Shortly after that, Steve came in and led him back to bed. Standing in the office now; looking at that bar; Tony couldn't help but feel ashamed.
"We think so." That took a little bit of edge off Natasha's worry. "We think so" was at least better than a flat out "no." It meant Clint still had a chance. "I'll brief you on everything when you get back."
So, as soon as he had cleaned himself up and was given the go-ahead by the S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors, Steve set out looking for Tony. Surprisingly, it didn't take long for someone to find him. Not Tony, but close enough.
Ripping the chute open with a force he didn't even know he possessed, Tony launched into another round of projectile vomiting. His eyes squeezed shut, and he was sure he was about to die. He heard people talking but couldn't make out what they were saying over his gagging. The only thing that he knew for sure was that the hand that started rubbing gentle circles across his back was Steve's. That provided some level of comfort.
Very abruptly, Tony started gagging. He was sitting in one of the booth seats with him and Steve on one side and Bruce and Romanoff on the other. He had been given the aisle seat so he could get to the bathroom quickly if he needed to, but it looked like that wasn't going to happen anyway as his body seemed to freeze upon him. Luckily, Barton – who was sitting in one of the recliners across the aisle – practically thrust an airsickness bag underneath him just in time to catch the first round of Tony's retching. Once he got the first round out, there was enough of a pause for Tony to get to the bathroom for rounds two and three.
"I don't know," he said. "You're nice enough to offer, but I don't think that's really a good idea." Salinas frowned.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, that was fucked."
Tony took a couple more calming breaths, each one coming easier than the last. Feeling safe enough to open his eyes, he saw that Steve had lain back as well, the tips of his fingers brushing gently against the back of Tony's hand.
Other than that, a lot didn't add up. Why would New Horizons or even Roxxon want the Avengers dead? The letter implied that this was the result of a rouge employee's personal vendetta, but there would need to be more than one person involved in something like this. Even with all their individual expertise, neither Bruce nor Betty would have been able to produce a genetically modified strain of Ebola or H5N1 by themselves. Sharing what he found in his research with her, Betty seemed to concur.
"Like you controlled the Cube?" Steve questioned.
"You can't," was his instant response.
"Stark is a grown man, Miss Potts," he said. "He doesn't need
"The one that says, 'I know you both have shady pasts, so just come out with the worst of it already." Freeman didn't argue with Clint. In fact, he looked a little embarrassed.
Tony Stark, Iron Man. The building you should be responding to is Stark Tower, 200 Park Avenue. It's imperative that all civilians be evacuated from the area immediately."
"It's all over Johnny!" One of the police officers shouted. "Come out with your hands up!"
Don't get me wrong, I still like this fic and want to keep writing it, it's just the chapter I'm currently writing is hard. I got about halfway through it and I realized I made about eighteen logical missteps and I probably need to start from scratch again, and the scheduled post date for this chapter is about three weeks away, so it's not like I have much time to do so.
"They're at the hotel," he said. "Where else would they be?" Salinas looked confused.
"Ah," Lara said. "Shouldn't be surprised. I'm assuming you have access to all of the building's security cameras?"
"We don't know," Coulson said.
"Good morning, Mr. Stark," she said cordially despite the look in her eyes being anything but cordial. He could easily guess that she was seething behind that surgical mask. "Did you enjoy your little night on the town? I hope you did because it's the last one you're going to have for a while."
"Steve!" she called after him. He didn't hear her or at least acted like he didn't. "Steve!" He still didn't stop. Natasha moved faster to catch up to him and grabbed his shoulder. He instantly spun around with a surprised look on his face. Okay, maybe he really didn't hear her. "Hey," she said cautiously. "Are you okay?"
"Can I just see your hand?" Tony said. "Come on, it'll only take a second." Suddenly, Conroy realized what was going on.
"Don't talk to me if you don't want to hear the truth."
Although they couldn't fly directly over New York City, they still got an amazing view of it through the airplane's windows from a distance. It was breath-taking. The sky was slowly getting darker, changing to a deep, dark blue color. The clouds were as soft fuchsia-pink, and the lights twinkled gold and reflected beautifully off the water. It was picture-perfect, and it made Steve wish he had something to draw the scene with. As soon as the city was out of view, though, Steve turned his attention back to Tony who was smiling.
"No."
Ehehe... I should say now that I'm worried that some of Steve's story arc in this is going back on some of what I did in MHATRAR but I'm not quite sure... What do you think? Tell me in a comment or review! Also, follow and favorite as well! :)
"Yeah," Tony assured. "Yeah, I'm good."
"Don't worry about it," she said. "I have thick skin and their words don't matter to me."
"I tried to leave," she said. "He grabbed me, so I punched him."
"All the more reason to get it out in the open," Rhodey said. "If it is nothing to worry about, we can just tell you so and then you can stop worrying about it." That did make sense, but Steve still felt hesitant.
"He said the reason why he was resigning was that he couldn't stand by yours or the company's actions." Tony frowned.
"Did you give my number to anyone else?" She made a point to ask the question slowly in properly enunciated English. Bruce nodded in confirmation.
"You sometimes ponder the nature of your existence."
Unfortunately, the former ended up happening first. The voice of anchor Rosaleen Abraham came over the speakers, notifying viewers that their regularly scheduled programing was being interrupted for a "breaking news alert." Lara took that as her signal to sit up and pay attention to the screen.
"I was thinking more about the Other Guy freaking out," Bruce explained. "But yeah, okay. Live in dream land."
"Does S.H.I.E.L.D. know about this?"
Remember kids, only 22 more days until fall! I can't wait! :)
"Hopefully that won't be necessary," Coulson said. "Our first priority is finding Barton and what he escaped with, but to do that we're going to need you to recruit the big guy."
"What do you mean?" Natasha asked.
They gathered in the Gantry Plaza State Park in Queens, and patiently awaited whatever tragedy was to come. Outside of a few police sirens and seeing Iron Man fly by at least once, nothing seemed to be happening. Many of the followers stood around looking rather bored and sweaty in the heavy white robes they were wearing. Most had abandoned the hot concrete lookout at which Adoniram was standing in favor of the shade of nearby trees. Margot remained by his side, though she did start fanning herself with a folded-up brochure she'd somehow acquired.
"Bye." Once Pepper was gone, Lara bit her lip.
Steeling himself as he passed through the ring of blue light, Tony was instantly struck by the sight before him; a single spacecraft surrounded by dozens of those sky-whales and hundreds upon thousands of Chitauri soldiers. The air was quickly escaping from his suit and he really wished he hadn't told JARVIS to skip the spinning rims. Ocean-proofing wasn't the same thing as space-proofing, but at least then there'd be a chance that the air wouldn't escape as fast. A snowball's chance in Hell, but still a chance.
"Before we start," she said, making eye contact with Tony. "Let's make it known that you can stop the conversation and walk away at any time. No one is going to be mad at you. Do you understand?" Tony nodded, clenching his teeth against the pain.
"Hey," Steve said. "Are you alright? You're shaking a bit." Tony tried taking a deep breath in to try to get a grip on himself, but it didn't seem to be working.
"I can't, Steve," Tony said. "My house just got broken into. I need to go back there and make sure nothing was taken."
"Well, you're not wrong," Tony commented. "And if you know that you already know more about this crap than my assistant, so congratulations."
"That sounds like a good idea," Bruce said. "I take it your suggestion was also meant as an offer to volunteer."
"That's all I've got, too," Bruce said. "I was working in my office when JARVIS told me to evacuate."
"They won't let us see the surveillance footage from the elevator," Natasha said.
"Do you question my abilities, Brother Duane?" A panic-stricken look consumed Freeman's face.
"I've been compromised," she explained. "I got red in my ledger. I'd like to wipe it out."
, it was just… Too much."
The elevator doors couldn't close fast enough. First, she needed to make sure Pepper had control of the situation. Then she needed to talk to Cabe about the Dante situation. Already, she could feel a headache throbbing behind her eye sockets.
"Now we're getting somewhere." Tony mentally smacked himself. Saying that was a mistake. "What was it that Howard did to upset you? I promise, no matter what it was your father's not going to yell at you. In fact, depending on what it was I might be entitled to kick his ass." Alright, that got a small smile out of Tony, but it was fleeting. He went back to giving Peggy the silent treatment. "Tony, I'm serious. I'll make sure Howard doesn't get angry with you, but you must tell me what it was he did in the first place. Please?"
"You did?" he said. "Wow! That's the one that's been wiggling for the past couple of weeks, right?"
"Do you think the People's Unity Church is putting him up to harass you?" Lara shrugged.
Steve immediately slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and hoisted him up. It didn't take much effort for Steve to lift Tony up being a super soldier and all, but it was a little difficult to navigate the narrow aisle with the two of them walking side-by-side.
"Definitely more than one." Steve closed the distance between them. Their lips crashed together softly, but before they could allow it to get more heated someone (Clint) gave a cry of "gross! Adults making out!" They broke apart under the sniggers of the other Avengers. Tony gave them all a none too pleased look.
Steve had a hard time suppressing his shudder at the thought, and the action ended up catching Rhodey's attention.
"What's this?" Clint took notice of a pile of cards and envelopes that had collected at the end of the counter. He had started to thumb through it when Stark said "mail, don't touch." Instantly he dropped whatever he was holding.
Happy Veteran's Day/Armistice Day to all the Veterans out there. I personally come from a military family. My grandfather on my dad's side was in the Navy, my grandfather on my mother's side was in the Army, my father was in the Air Force, my mother was in the Army, both my brother and one of my cousins was in the Marine Corps, and my sister was in the National Guard. I also believe two of my maternal grandmother's brothers served in World War II, but I have no idea what branch of the military they served in. Regardless, I'm proud to say all of these people have fought both domestically and abroad for all of us to have the rights and freedoms we have in this country today and I'm thankful to all of them.
"Tony, my God, I've never seen you look this bad." Her hand moved to the back of his neck. "You weren't like this a few days ago. What's wrong? You're burning up!"
"Are you okay?" Carol asked, looking like she was ready to tackle Lara to the ground and start CPR at any second.
"Oh, yes," Salinas said. "We launched a retaliatory attack against the Avengers. We didn't tell you because we needed you to act authentic in front of the authorities."
"Well, technically he's still handcuffed," Tony pointed out. "So, he couldn't have gotten far. Also, he has one of those special S.H.I.E.L.D. tracker bracelets on, so it shouldn't be that hard to find him."
"No," Lara said. "They don't have shields. The work for an agency called S.H.I.E.L.D. or are at least wearing their uniforms. They do have handguns and rifles, though."
Tony's first thought upon closer examination of his own symptoms was
Finally, some Steve! No Tony yet (well at least not in physical presence) but don't worry, he'll show up soon!
"I know," he said.
"I assumed it was because she was concerned about you."
"Perfectly fine," he said. "Thanks to you." Steve laughed as he pulled back.
Unnoticed by her, though, was that she had given Adoniram the perfect opportunity to escape. She heard the door unlock and creak open. Not wanting to let him get away, Carol charged forward in pursuit. She didn't make it far, though,. Her feet had barely lifted off the ground when Beta rushed forward and tackled her, forcing her back to the floor. While this was going on, Adoniram successfully closed and relocked the door, effectively trapping Carol in the basement with the two attackers.
"I'll see you in a little bit." Tony then got up and walked out of the door on the other side of the room. Steve didn't have much time to miss his presence as the doctor stepped into view. He was an older man with a shaved head and a blond mustache.
Tony took a deep breath and squeezed his eyes shut. Realizing that was not going to help him to keep from snapping at her, he got up from his chair and headed for the door.
Remember kids, I don't trust anything or anyone below the sun. I don't feel anything at all...
"But you are." Tony laughed humorlessly.
When he got out to the hallway, the cop let Tony go and he was able to infer from the stream of people exiting the room that the party was being broken up. Although a little disappointed that he couldn't keep his buzz going, he figured he should probably get to bed anyway. It was going to be dawn in… Who knows how long? He wasn't sure. He just knew something was going on in the morning.
Tony waited a full minute before he decided it was safe enough to risk getting up. As he sat up, the HR rep scrambled out from underneath him. Tony tried to catch her arm and ask if she was okay, but she brushed him off and started running for the exit as some of the other attendees to the seminar had started to do. Glancing down at the floor, Tony saw that the woman had dropped his cell phone, so he picked it up and pocketed it before scoping the room out.
Tony opened the door to the room slightly. Peering out, he could see that the nurse manning the nurse's station was on the phone and had her back to him. Perfect, just his chance. He slipped through the door as quickly as he could without making a sound. So far, so good. He began to retrace his steps from earlier that afternoon. Bound for the elevator, Tony only had that one goal in mind, which accounted for why he forgot he had to pass the waiting room to get there.
Freeman then turned and walked out. Everyone stood there for a moment in a shocked, yet awkward silence.
Remember kids, don't do what I just did and make promises you probably aren't going to be able to keep.
"Like what?" Steve asked.
Slowly, Steve stepped back into the room and shut the door. He made his way to the other side of the bed and sat on the edge. Tony patted the space next to him, giving Steve permission to lay down as well.
"It probably is," Tony relented. "But we have no other choice." Lara nodded weakly.
"She wants us out of her hair right now." Rebecca continued to stamp her feet and scream. "Would you knock it off? The neighbors are staring at us."
"I see no reason why we can't," she said. "I mean, this is a farm. There's plenty of space and the kids can keep him busy."
"I'm not Tony." Lara finally glanced behind her and saw that she had indeed been mistaken. Bruce had been waiting for her, not Tony.
"Sure thing," she said. "Anything else?" Tony shook his head. "Alright, I'll be here so let me know if you need anything else."
Tony looked down and shook his head. He felt Steve slowly reach over and take his hand in his own, rubbing the back of it with his thumb. Tony squeezed his eyes shut. The sweetness of the gesture almost made him sick.
Thank you to K's Room of Requirement and The Other Jet Engine for favoriting and following this fic! Also, thank you to mfaerie32 and guest reviewer Star for the reviews! On AO3, Thank you to FriedChickenNisha for the comment and the guest for leaving kudos! It really means a lot, so thank you all!
"Me, too," Tony said. "I mean, the only thing that I know to do is stay away from alcohol and yeah, it's hard, but so far I've managed it. Otherwise, I'm completely clueless and I hate it. I want to make it all go away, but…" Steve pressed his free hand against Tony's cheek.
As soon as Tony woke up that morning, he was having second thoughts. Well, not really second thoughts. Second thoughts implied that he had the option to back out. He didn't. He told everyone not to listen to him if he tried to back out and take him to the therapist's office kicking and screaming if they had to. (Steve had outright refused to let it come to that, but the looks Rhodey and Pepper exchanged told him they'd do their best to follow through with that promise, no matter how much they didn't like it.) No, Tony's thoughts were more along the lines of "please let some horrible accident befall me within the next few hours so I don't have to go." That wasn't to say he was suicidal – he figured a nice ambulance ride and a CAT scan would do the trick – but he wasn't going to actively stop any physical harm from coming to him. He just hoped the fates would be kind enough to help him out.
Regardless of my excuses and reasonings, I've made this author's note long enough. All I ask if you've made it through this mess of word vomit is to leave a review. Who knows, it might give me the inspiration I need.
"It can't be fixed!" Subarian said. "There is no cure for Ebola or H5N1! That's common knowledge! I don't know what you were expecting!"
There was something he absolutely could not say she was wrong about, though, and that was the therapy thing. He could admit to himself that he was not doing well. He had even had a conversation with Steve about it the other day and he tried looking up therapists that one time… However, Steve was not the best person to go to regarding issues revolving around mental health, and even Natasha knew that. Also, he could not trust himself to go through with it, so he needed someone else's support. Someone who knew him well enough to help him find the right help, but also that he could trust to hold him accountable when he inevitably messed up. Right off the bat, he could think of two people who fit the bill, and luckily for him, they were just across the hall.
"Eh…" Stark said as he thought. "Somewhere between six and ten hours? I can't tell. I've been staring at the ceiling and picking at my nails the whole time.
"My bad," was the closest thing to an apology it sounded like Clint was going to give right now. Natasha gestured to the exit.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Maybe next time they'll remember to bring the pitchforks and torches."
"Maybe the first two?" Steve guessed. "But I don't know what that last one is."
"And you're
"Nah," Tony said. "It's just getting a little too Diane Sawyer-y and you're kind of a schmuck." Tony felt a little bit of joy at Everhart's affronted look before he walked out the door.
"Okay, I'm going to give the phone to him," she said. "Just remember he's on a ventilator, so he can't really respond back, alright?" She paused for a moment. "Alright, here you go."
"I am aware," Adoniram said. "That's why I'm not actually promoting him to Decibel." He moved to sit back down in his armchair. Salinas' eyes followed him the entire way.
"What else is wrong?" Steve frowned.
"As we said before, we didn't want you guys to be uptight and defensive," she explained. "Besides, we didn't think they'd go after you guys as hard as they did. Tony? Yes. The rest of you? No."
Thankfully, the response was carefully worded enough to get Natasha's approval and it did not seem to cause Tony any emotional distress. A person who professionally treated drug addicts and alcoholics would probably find fault with it, but it was a nice save regardless.
"Yes," the doctor said. "We'll see what can be arranged."
"Captain Rogers," he heard a woman's voice call out as he passed by. Turning around he saw a woman wearing a medical staff's uniform standing in the entrance to an adjacent hallway. "I was sent to get you. Mr. Stark has been asking for you." Steve's heart leaped.
"'Iron Man, yes,'" he quoted. "'Tony Stark, no.'"
Deep down, Tony was certain of the answer to that. However, he didn't want to consciously acknowledge it. Instead, he just clung to Steve for dear life as the elevator reached it's intended destination.
"Stark, you have to understand, S.H.I.E.L.D. has no nefarious intentions in taking this information from you." The expression on Tony's face showed he wasn't buying it. "We know nothing in there can be used to replicate the Super Soldier Serum. That's not our goal here."
"Hear you out on what?" he asked.
"Do you think I'm doing the wrong thing?" The question gave Steve pause. He felt as though Tony had just asked the unanswerable.
"I don't know why you're looking so disappointed," Tony said. "
"I'm sorry what are we talking about here?" Tony looked from director to agent to commander, hoping one of them would fill him in on what was going on. Coulson gestured over to a large plate-glass window that took up most of the left-hand side of the wall with a nod of his head.
"I needed to do that," Bruce said. "It was the only way I could stop myself from hurting other people."
The only thing that Steve had asked to be added to the room was more blankets. Even though they had told him that his body temperature was back to where it was supposed to be, he still constantly felt cold and was practically shivering at times. Nonetheless, the agents complied and got him as many blankets as they could find. Currently, Steve was wearing the warmest-looking set of sweats that S.H.I.E.L.D. had provided to him and had at least six sets of blankets piled on top of him. He still felt cold.
Welcome to the last chapter of 2018! (Also, there's a line in here that I paraphrased Twitter. I'd credit the person, but I can't seem to find that Tweet again. I remember the guy's name was Travis and he had a Doctor Who icon, so thank you for your comedic brilliance, Travis!)
"…Iridium," he heard Bruce say as he walked into the room. "What do they need the iridium for?"
"No, it shouldn't be," he said. "But we have to get going now."
, she'd be willing to fly out here." Adoniram smiled sinisterly.
It was a reasonable question to ask. He had never died before. He's come close to death plenty of times, but thankfully he had a thirty-four-year streak of not dying, so he didn't know for sure what it felt like. Besides, it wasn't like absence of sensory input was helping. Sure, he could still kind of hear the ventilator taking in air and expelling it for him, but it was such a repetitive noise that he couldn't be sure that it was there. For all he knew it was just a creation of his mind; his cold, dead mind.
"So, it was an inside job," Tony said.
"I always come prepared," Carol remarked. "It wasn't that hard, considering all the pamphlets your recruiters hand out."
"I'm going to have to ask you to refrain from doing that," she said in a rushed tone.
"My mom was a nurse," Steve explained. "And I also got sick a lot as a kid. I know it's dangerous to let a fever get up that high."
Natasha picked at her fingernails. She had gotten them manicured before they went to D.C., but after a week and a half of wear and tear, the black polish was starting to chip off. This didn't bother her at all really, but since she was quarantined and had very few options when it came to entertainment, she decided she might as well finish the job. After all, it was better than watching Steve pace the room like a zombie.
," she said, before turning to Happy. "Hogan keep an eye on them.
"God damn it!"
"Yes." He could see it in Steve's eyes that he didn't believe him. However, he could also see that Steve knew he wasn't going to drop it and the most he could do would be to stay by his side in case something went wrong. Tony hated putting Steve in that position, but for the sake of the Avengers, it had to be done.
"Yes, ma'am," Steve said with a nod before turning to head out into the hallway. Bruce and Clint followed suit, but Natasha continued to look at Carol suspiciously for a moment before finally taking steps to join the others.
"Alright," he said. "I can't bullshit you, but you can bullshit me all day. Way to be a hypocrite, Romanoff." Romanoff's expression turned furious.
Remember that disclaimer at the beginning about less-than-appealing language and intense scenes? Yeah, I do too.
"Oh, no," Tony said. "You probably are. I mean, no one can walk away from the press unscathed."
"Delicate?" Pepper questioned. "It's a phone."
"No one was infected," she said. "Your plan failed." Her words seemed to have the desired effect, as Sharpton's face fell.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Are you ready Captain Rogers?" they asked. Steve looked confused for a second before it dawned on him.
"Alright," Tony said. "I'll be down there in a moment."
"No," Natasha said. "I didn't. In fact, I specifically wrote that I could not recommend you for the Avengers Initiative at that time."
Stark was silent for the longest time before he finally asked, "was it at all personal? Did you deny me for the Avengers because you wanted to hurt me, upset me, or teach me a lesson?"
"Now listen," he said. "I know this comes as a shock to you, but the Avengers are not good people. They want this organization and movement to die. That's why Stark won't let us practice in his building and why they tried to kill Brother Eduardo. I know you might have grown fond of the Avengers by working at Stark Industries, but you need to understand that they cannot be trusted. I'm sure that if Stark found out that you were affiliated with the Church, he would have you fired immediately." Freeman frowned.
"We got you salad," Natasha assured. "Don't worry." Lara let out a breath of relief.
"No," Tony scoffed. "Of course not. Long Island, New York." The driver's eyes went wide.
"You're forgetting I'm the one who did all the heavy lifting," Tony said. "Literally, I lifted the heavy things."
Once the doctor finished explaining everything, Stane asked if there was any reason he legally needed to be there. The word "no" did not even finish coming out of the doctor's mouth before Stane turned on his heel, grumbling about wasted money. Rhodey just hoped no one asked him about the tapes before he made it off the premises.
"Seriously," Steve said. "You think they'd let you?"
"Well, there's no time for formalities," Duran said. "People's lives are at stake here and they all depend on your answer to my next question. Do you understand?"
"No!" The word came flying out of Tony's mouth faster than he could think it. "Of course, I care about you, Steve. I care about you more than I care about myself."
Tony sighed. He had no other choice. Slowly, he began unbuttoning his shirt. What lie beneath wasn't exactly pretty, but the scaring was the cost of staying alive. Luckily, most people were too distracted by the Arc Reactor to even notice the rough lines marring his chest. Dr. Rawls was no exception.
The Other watched as Thanos turned around, a wide grin spreading across his face. That look communicated only two simple words, words that would change the universe: challenge accepted.
He flew him and Peggy… Somewhere to do something. He couldn't really remember the details, but he remembered he was wearing his Captain America uniform…
"Mr. Stark, we need to talk," a tiny, somewhat muffled voice said from a nearby counter. Tony quickly snatched up his cell phone and held it in front of his face. Looking at the display, Tony could see that it was none other than Phil Coulson who had hacked his phone. God, couldn't S.H.I.E.L.D. take a hint and leave a guy alone?
That would have been easy enough for her to do if it wasn't for the smoke detectors to choose this moment to go off. Fear gripped the young woman's very core. She didn't prepare for this! She didn't ask Nina what to do if you're in a burning building during an earthquake, and the dot-gov site she got the preparedness information from surely didn't go over that scenario. Using the best judgment, she could, Oswin decided that the safest option would be to stay put and escape if it was safe to do so once the shaking stopped. Needing some form of anchor, Oswin grabbed the metal frame of her bed and held onto it for dear life.
"Listen, Tony…"
"Yeah."
"Hello, Miss Alaska," Duran said. "Listen, I know I said I'd call you first if I had any questions, but I couldn't reach your cell and the receptionist at your work said you'd be here. Time is of the essence. I need answers now."
"Is this the only video you have?" Cabe nodded.
"No," she said. "All of this came from that." She gestured to the Miniature Arc Reactor in Tony's chest. The thing was truly a breakthrough in modern science in more ways than one. Firstly, it was the first clean energy generator of that size to ever be constructed and function properly, which was amazing when you considered that Tony only constructed the first model while being held captive in Afghanistan with nothing but a handful of scraps. Secondly, it ran off a newly-discovered element that Tony managed to synthesize himself in his basement with (an admittedly crudely constructed) particle accelerator. So yes, Pepper was right in saying that the construction of Stark Tower wouldn't have happened without those two major breakthroughs, but she was still somewhat wrong.
"Why?" Dr. Cranston shrugged.
Alright, last night was scary. Why don't we just enjoy some team bonding and Stony fluff to try to take our minds off it?
The lurch of his stomach brought his mind back to present problems. He squeezed his eyes shut and gripped the arms of his chair tightly as a wave of nausea passed over him. A hand came gently down on his shoulder. He took the reassurance for a moment before he realized it was on the wrong side of him to be Steve's. As soon as the churning of his stomach died down, he looked over to his right to see Romanoff looking at him worriedly.
"We ended up finding this little guy, though." Clint scratched behind the puppy's ear. "So, it wasn't all that bad." Hill gave Clint a strange look before turning to Natasha.
"Hey there, stranger." Slowly, Tony reflected his expression.
"$300."
"No," Bruce said. "But then again, I don't leave the tower much. I just know what I've heard from Tony and Lara."
Remember kids, follow the lockdown procedure. If you don't, the best thing that could happen is you get the stomach flu, and if this is bad I don't even want to imagine what COVID is like.
"Well, it's nice to meet you all and wonderful to have you here," he said. "I think the lines are ready to go, so let's get down to business. We'll start with this young woman on the left and keep it going, left, right, left, right. Got it?" The crowd agreed and Joe gestured to the woman in question. "Go ahead, just say your name, who your question is for, and ask it." The girl nodded before nervously stepping forward to the microphone and asking her question. Tony didn't know who it was directed at, but it wasn't him, so he allowed himself the moment to tune out.
Steve and Tony have finally been reunited after a scary few hours. What happens now?
"I like the sound of that," he said.
"So, any movie you want," Stark said. "No judgment, even if it's porn." Lara's eyes practically bulged out of her skull.
Tony could see her point, too. Difficulty or an outright inability to remember key events could be a sign of some serious mental issues. However, once again, none of them knew Carol and Tony wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt. Call him stupid for wanting that – he certainly thought so – but he did. There was something he needed to know, though.
"Oh… Screw off… Bitch…" He tried to reach for an exposed part of Natasha's skin but ended up touching her gloved hand instead. Natasha used this mistake to her advantage, clenching her fist before the glove completely turned to stone and once the process finished, struck Knežević nice and hard on the temple. He fell back, unconscious.
"Well, that's what you get for being an ass." Natasha then left the room, returning the finger that she was almost certain Clint was giving behind her.
"Isn't that the truth!" Lara laughed. "Oh, mon petite bébé, where did you come from?"
she'd say.
"Good." Tony sounded genuinely relieved to hear that. "Sorry. When you didn't call, I thought they might have done something." Steve felt a pang of guilt was over him.
"Oh yeah," she said. "Big time."
Despite the revolutionary discovery, there was some cause for concern. In a few models of the Tesseract's energy projection capabilities, it was shown that it was possible for another energy spike from the cube to not only level the building, but also any other structure in a twenty-mile radius. Thankfully, they were in the middle of one of the most deserted locations on Earth. Civilian casualties were only a minor concern. Still, there was too much risk involved to the lives of the non-necessary personnel, so after contacting the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D., Nick Fury, Clint's handler, Agent Phil Coulson, ordered an evacuation of all personnel not directly responsible for security or research purposes. It was the safest call. Clint just hoped they would all be able to make it out in time.
"Good," he said.
"A lot, actually." Duran pulled out the bogus Homeland Security badge her overseers had provided her with. "My name is Agent Jenifer Duran. I'm with the Department of… Hey!"
Since he didn't want to push Steve into talking about anything he didn't want to talk about yet, Tony waited for him to speak up and change the subject himself. So, they ended up eating in silence for a good while.
"I'm fine," he assured. "We probably shouldn't try that again." Steve snorted.
"It's more than scary, it's…" Steve stopped himself before he could dump all his fears onto Tony. He did not need to be overwhelmed like that right now. Instead, he looked down at their joined hands and simplified it down to "I don't want you to get hurt." Steve did not have to look up to know that a sad glint had come over Tony's eyes.
"Is there anything we can do to help the investigation?" Pepper asked.
"Specific number, Tony," she said. Right then he knew he had lost the battle.
"You comfortable?" he asked. "Do you need anything?"
"I can already see that much is true." Adoniram remarked before gesturing for her to follow him. "Come, we can discuss this more on the way to the conference room.
Steve thought to himself. He was quickly supplied with an answer of
Carol let the energy flow through her body, hoping that she could burn her attacker off of her. Beta realized this, though, and punched Carol in the mouth with her concrete fist. The move succeeded in throwing Carol off for a moment, allowing Beta a chance to reposition herself so she could better pin down Carol's arms with her legs. Carol wasn't going to let that stop her from trying again. The power flowed through her once more, but as soon as her body started glowing, Alpha fired a beam directly at Carol's head.
Tony wasted no time in transferring the sensor from his finger to Conroy's. The heart monitor flatlined for a moment, but thankfully it was short enough that it could be written off as the sensor being accidentally jostled. Once the sensor was securely on Conroy's finger, she moved to help Tony out of bed. He had to admit he didn't feel at one-hundred percent, but he was steadier on his feet than earlier.
"Can you play that again?" Natasha asked. "Just rewind it to when he got into the elevator."
"You learn something new every day." Not at all impressed, Tony turned back to Pepper, assessing her state as best he could.
"Let me put you on hold." As the boss came to take the phone away from her, she kicked him in the genitals and headbutted him on his way down. The lackeys began to charge at her but she easily deflected their blows and sent them flying to the floor as well. When one of them tried to get up, she slammed one of the legs of her chair on his foot and smashed the back of her head into his nose. She kicked the other lackey's feet out from under him before turning back to the one she was currently fighting and slammed her foot into his thigh.
"I got that," Bruce said. "I mean, what kind of situation? Where are the other Avengers?"
"Hello, can I help you?" Carol stepped forward to be fully in the woman's view. She tried to peek into the space behind her, but only saw a desk, a few bookshelves, and locked cabinets; standard office clutter.
"What?" he said. "You mean other than the obvious?"
Tony watched as Schaffer swallowed and sank back down into his chair.
The drive out to Newark felt longer than it should have. It was supposed to be one hour, but to Natasha it felt more like ten years. Her thoughts were mostly on Laura and the kids. Although she, Clint, and Laura had all planned for what to do if Clint was killed on a mission, planning for it and carrying it out were two different things. None of them could prepare for that hurt. They liked to pretend they could, but the truth was it was impossible.
"Well, no," she said. "I can't do that. I don't think anyone can."
"See you in a bit," Tony promised before taking his hand off the door and turning in the direction of Pepper's office. A pang of sadness rippled through his chest as he heard the elevator doors slide closed and he had to remind himself that it would be a few moments at best. He was probably worrying too much. Nothing would be wrong, and he would be able to go back to Steve in no time.
"If you are not going to reach out to S.H.I.E.L.D. for help, at least reach out to somebody you trust. Not Steve, but someone who can help you find a professional therapist because you need one." Stark was silent for a long moment before nodding.
"You are helping me," he said. "Just by being here, you're helping me." Steve looked down, slightly frowning.
Bruce looked like he was going to say something in his own defense, but they all had their attention diverted when a beeping noise came from one of the computers. The Tesseract had been located.
"Hey." Tony returned his smile.
Rapidly, the tower came into his sights. His stomach lurched with anxiety as more power was kicked into the thrusters. He swiftly began his ascent up, up, up, past Steve and Thor; past the Hulk; past all the invaders; past Natasha and Selvig; and up into the sky. Running parallel to the beam of light that connected the device to the portal above and taking a deep breath in, Tony prepared himself to face his final moments alive.
"Szomorú varsnap száz fehér virággal
"I've also been texting Pepper to keep her appraised of the situation," Lara said. "And she agrees with me on that. If we do it as they do it on the TV show, Tony's just going to cut us all out of his life and likely self-destruct soon after."
"Yeah," Bruce said. "It's not until July. They set the wedding date for her mom's birthday."
"Look at this!" Thor shouted as he held off Loki with Mjolnir. "Look around you!" Loki did so with wide eyes. The city which had been peacefully going about it's Sunday before was now a chaotic madhouse. The Chitauri had spread out and tried to claim the land as theirs as quickly as possible, striking down anyone who dared get in their way. Buildings were being damaged and/or destroyed left and right, and civilians ran in terror through the streets, trying their best to escape without being decapitated by one of the hundreds of invaders descending upon them. It was beautiful! It was glorious! It was… It was…
"Oh," both children said in understanding.
"Who is he?" she asked. "Jess mentioned something about him flying a nuke into space?" Fury let out a bit of a humorless laugh.
"Nothing official," Barton remarked. "But I'm pretty sure I heard one of them mention…"
"I might have said…" Tony stopped short when he caught sight of a familiar figure standing in the doorway. "Steve." The man in question gave a nod of acknowledgment and shifted uncomfortably, leaning against the door.
"No, you're just kind of half-lying down and you're mostly leaning on me." Despite the complaining, Tony could tell Steve was smiling even though he wasn't looking at him.
"What is going on? What…?" A semi-look of disbelief crossed her face as she turned to look at Barton. "Since when did people start asking each other in interviews about their underwear?" Barton laughed, but it was clear that it was more out of discomfort than anything else. Romanoff turned to look back at the guy who had asked the question. "You know what, I'll leave it up to your imagination, okay? Whatever you feel like I should be wearing or not wearing under that outfit." Quite a few people gave her a round of applause for that answer while the man in question was led out of the auditorium by university staff. That was nothing compared to what Tony had felt like had been the biggest whammy of them all, though.
"Steve," she said. "Baby stay right here. I'm gonna find someone to take us to the hospital, alright?"
"You are dismissed." The woman nodded and headed down the access stairway that the man had emerged from. As she descended the stairs, she sighed.
"Then explain it to me," she instructed in a gentle, yet firm voice. "Help me understand." Tony hesitated a moment before reluctantly giving in.
"We're trying, though, right?" Natasha squeezed her eyes shut as she brought a hand to her forehead.
She did her best to look afraid as one of the lackeys grabbed her by the jaw and held her mouth open as he tilted her chair back. She was getting ready to make her mistake when she heard a cellphone ring. She heard the other lackey answer it and hand it off to his boss, saying in Russian that it was for her. The lackey pulling back her chair lowered her back onto the ground and Natasha watched with slight amusement as a frightened expression came across her captor's face as he stepped forward and put the phone up to her ear. As Natasha managed to situate the phone between her shoulder and her ear, a familiar voice came over the line.
Clint didn't hesitate in his reply, to the point where he accidentally hit a few wrong keys without noticing.
"I can't let you do that, Captain Rogers," she said. "I'm under strict orders to extract you and return to New York immediately. You've already been out here too long."
"I had no idea they sold extremely risqué lingerie at the Gap." Dante shrugged.
"Anacin it is, then."
"You'll never get it," she said.
Tony heard a pair of feet approaching him. Assuming it to be Salinas, Tony brought the glass back up to his lips, pouring the rest of the water into his mouth and swallowing it in a few gulps.
"Ah," she sighed as if she had been forced to run uphill with a boulder in her hands. Knežević could hear something large and metal being placed on the ground. "I just got the door to open."
"What do you mean?" Steve asked.
"I don't think so," he said. "You and I need to talk. …Again." Natasha was clearly trying her best not to look annoyed.
that much alcohol."
"One of your colleagues from Culver University," Hill said. "Dr. Elizabeth Samson. Do you know her?" Bruce looked down but nodded.
"Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?"
"What?"
After opening a letter containing powdered Ebola and H5N1, Clint has become infected with both diseases while Steve, Tony, and Natasha have been cleared. It's time to get things moving!
"Hey," he said. "What's wrong?"
"Yup," she said, popping the "p." "They went down easy tonight. Probably because I let them run around in the snow for most of the afternoon."
"Yeah," Tony said, pulling the conversation back to the point. "So, we're going to see this person on Saturday and hopefully all will go well, and we'll be able to get a more solid plan from there."
Natasha. You're allowed to feel things."
"Nothing much," he said. "I was just wondering if there was any chance that I'd be allowed to go downstairs for dinner later?" Natasha initially laughed like she was going to dismiss it but ended up surprising him.
"And so did you." Tony's eyes locked on to hers. "But eventually you stopped wasting them. Give Romanoff the benefit of the doubt. Who knows? She may surprise you." Slowly, the air deflated out of him.
"Yes," Fury said. "Car accident, almost twenty years ago. Howard Stark and his wife were killed instantly on impact."
"Not now," Tony said. "When we get longer than a moment alone, then we can talk about it. For now, let's just enjoy the moment."
"Just because…" He tried to search for a valid response. "I don't know. It's just…" Tony sat up. "Are you okay?"
"Steve."
Am I the only one who thinks "Killer Queen" is the perfect nickname for Carol? I mean come on, "she's a killer queen/gunpowder gelatine/dynamite with a laser beam/guaranteed to blow your mind/anytime" I feel like those lyrics describe her perfectly. ...Or at least how the MCU wants us to see her (and how I actually intend to write her.)
"In a way," was all she provided as a response.
"Sure, you weren't," Rhodey said. "Look, calm down and don't delete the video just yet. Who knows? You might end up regretting it."
"And I imagine we'll be adding Irukandji Jellyfish to the list," Dr. Smith remarked. "There's no anti-venom for this. The most I can do is give you a shot of morphine and put you on oxygen, but you're going to have to ride this out until it leaves your system."
Right away, Steve saw a plume of smoke rising from the other side of the city. Where exactly, he couldn't be sure, but it had to be at least on the other side of Manhattan. He glanced over in the direction of the tower. Although from the angle he was at, Steve couldn't see the building itself, he also didn't see any smoke emanating from that direction, which he chose to take as a good sign.
"It was our destined day of reckoning," the girl said in the same eerily calm manner as she did when she asked the question. "Why did you put a stop to it? Why couldn't you allow humanity to enter its new era?" At that point, the university employee seemed to find their jaw somewhere on the floor and reattach it before grabbing the woman by the arm and escorting her out of the theater. The entire time she was being escorted out, the woman screamed that the staff was "racially profiling her," and calling them "racist, fascist pigs!" She only seemed to stop when the auditorium doors shut behind her.
"We've met," she said. "Good to see you again, Captain."
"Are you okay with me leaving to find someone to help me get you to the hospital?" Steve hesitated a moment. "I promise, no one is going to stick a needle in your eye.
"If you know what you're doing and careful, you can make hydrogen peroxide from the hydrogen and oxygen," Griffith's assistant pointed out.
"I find that unlikely," Natasha said. "Then there were so many things in her story that just seemed too convenient or even blatantly contradicted themselves. She said took a motorcycle to New Mexico but didn't explain how she acquired it. Fury seemed to know where she was going before she even did – to which I'll say Fury is good, but he's not
Following Hill out into the hallway, Carol was overwhelmed. She hadn't really been paying attention to the noise or what had been going on around her, so she hadn't noticed how crowded the place had become. Almost every bed had been filled and there were even a few people on stretchers waiting to be placed for treatment. Normally, crowds didn't get to Carol, but knowing these people were all there because of her…
"But that would mean…" Clint paused for dramatic effect, looking distraught. "Don't tell me you had hot chocolate without me." Laura laughed.
"Which is why he can't stay." Pepper shot Tony another glare.
Looking around, Tony didn't immediately recognize where he was. He recognized that it was a bathroom, but that was about it. He could see his jacket, socks, and shoes on the floor, but couldn't see anything else of note.
"No." The force with which Hill gave her answer was frightening. Any S.H.I.E.L.D. agent who heard that would have instantly backed off and dropped the issue. Tony wasn't a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent.
"Too long?" Steve said. "I've been out too long? What, does S.H.I.E.L.D. think I'm it's property now?"
"I didn't say that…" Pepper held up a hand.
"Regardless," Natasha said. "I didn't expect that party to take the turn that it took."
"Glad to hear that," he said.
"What did you do?" he asked. "How did you get them to notice you?"
"So, S.H.I.E.L.D. knew about Loki before the attacks even happened?"
"If you would follow me, I can show you where we keep our security footage." Steve nodded and walked through the gate separating the front and the back of the desk. The others followed him.
Tony felt slightly ashamed that even his own mind couldn't help but point that out.
"Well, it's got to be something if he's able to act like he's okay." Tony shrugged.
If it wasn't already clear, most postal services use beta radiation to irradiate the mail. It was strong enough to get through paper but wasn't too strong and didn't hold as large of a risk of harming someone as gamma radiation did. (To note, the concern of wide-spread cases of Hodgkin's Lymphoma was more of a concern with gamma radiation than a wide-spread Hulk outbreak. Remember, it wasn't gamma exposure alone that created the Hulk.) The aluminum lining could provide a case for the powder being active. When the moisture strip was added to the mix, it didn't create a pretty picture.
For a moment, Steve wondered what the person was doing until he felt a finger press against his cheek. Steve tried to open his eyes to look at whoever was poking him, but the person extracted their finger just as fast as they had placed it. Steve was a little annoyed that someone was poking him while he "slept", but at the same time, he wished they hadn't taken the finger away. It was physical contact; proof of life. In a strange way, he found himself craving that – acknowledgment of his existence.
"Remind me to get her something extra nice for Christmas this year," he said. "Seriously, she didn't need to do that."
"Alright," Freeman said. "I get the point, but it's not something we have to worry about. There are going to be members of the venue's staff screening everyone in line before they get up to the microphone. If they're going to ask something weird or creepy, they'll get kicked out of line."
"Probably not," she said. "But I forgive you." Bruce felt like he'd received a static-electric shock, but still found it in him to nod.
He went to his next option as he flew in close to the tower's roof.
she reminded herself.
"Rogers, Romanoff, and Stark came back clean," she said. "It's Barton."
Originally posted to FFN on 1/20/21.
"Did you write anything down?" Tony looked to his left, past Steve to see concern marring Pepper's face.
Looking around the penthouse, he was relieved to see that nothing had been broken (yet) and there was no blood or signs of a struggle. All indications that no one had been seriously hurt or killed yet. The only thing he could see that was out of place was that someone had belted the access stairwell's door shut. Other than that, the place was in pristine condition. Glancing over to his right, he could see the Norse Trickster God approaching.
Even though he was given more space to roam around, Steve still couldn't wait to go out with Tony. He felt like a caged animal and he was constantly on guard for any S.H.I.E.L.D. agents with ill-intentions. Just getting to leave the building for five minutes would make the night unbelievably amazing. Not that it needed to be amazing, because this wasn't a date.
"I don't mean completely alone," Natasha clarified. "When he gets back, he's probably going to be exhausted and out of it. He's probably going to want to go to bed and if he does, Steve is going to stay with him. I say some of us stay here in the living room overnight just to keep an eye on him."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Was this before Stark went missing?" Adoniram asked.
"You don't have one of those fainting chairs?" Dr. Cranston's face scrunched in confusion.
"I changed my mind," Tony snapped back. "You know, it's something you seem to do a lot."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I'm not going to go insane from trying too hard," he said. "If anything, this day will drive me insane without me even trying at all." Steve gave him a sympathetic look.
"Hey," Steve said. "Are you okay?" Tony nodded.
Tony nodded in understanding but internally he was consumed by concern and worry. Although he might not know Barton as well as the others, with what he'd heard in just the past conversation he knew he was at least a good guy. He didn't deserve the suffering that was coming to him and he didn't deserve to die.
"I'm sure." Getting the confirmation, she needed, Lara pulled herself to her feet, using the desk as leverage. Once she was on stable footing, Tony gently grabbed her wrist, forcing her to look him in the eye. "Don't give it to Steve." Lara hesitated a moment – seemingly shocked – before it clicked how seriously those words were being impressed upon her. Slowly, she nodded in understanding.
"Right," Bruce said.
"Wouldn't that be counterintuitive?" Bruce asked. "I mean, the whole point of talking to the press is to show the public that they can trust us to keep them safe. How can we do that if we're lying to them and avoiding certain topics?"
Tony didn't make it a habit to sleep late. In fact, often he ended up being awake into some ungodly hour of the morning and force himself to stay that way until he got whatever he needed to do done and take a nap whenever the opportunity arose. It probably wasn't the healthiest way to live, but he still always managed to finish everything he needed to and managed to at least sneak an hour or two of sleep in there. If it was enough to keep him functional, Tony wasn't going to worry about it.
"Have they been waiting for me to wake up?"
"It's alright," Rhodey said. "Anytime you need me, I'll be there." Tony nodded as Rhodey pulled away.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pepper got off the elevator at the main lobby level of the hospital and began to look around for that restroom she spotted when she walked in. Yes, she really had calls to make, but in all honesty, she just needed to get out of that room. That was just an emotional rollercoaster she didn't need to go down. Honestly, could that doctor have been at least the tiniest bit considerate? She just had to scare them all to death by saying it was probably AIDS one minute and then saying it was something else entirely the next. She just hoped that this next doctor Tony was going to see had a clue what she was doing.
"Good," she said. "Now about those surveillance videos…"
Pepper responded by leaning over the desk and picking up as many unsigned documents as she could.
Clint looked up to see the others staring at him. When the letter opened, it made a loud ripping noise. Everyone turned to look just as the powder flew black in his face. Their expressions were just as shocked as his own. Stark spoke first.
The only acronym Tony understood in there was 911, and he guessed ST stood for Stark Tower. He was just about to hit the call button on the phone when suddenly Lara followed up with another text.
"Yeah."
"Wow," Oswin said. "You sound pretty overconfident making that declaration."
"I'm doing this for
Tony walked over to the window that overlooked the interrogation room-turned intensive care unit. The man who was supposedly Captain Steve Rogers still laid inert in his hospital bed, but a lot had changed in the man's surroundings since Tony last looked in. The heat lamps had been removed from the room and it looked like they had been replaced by heat packs covering the entirety of the man's body.
In hindsight, Steve probably should have been prepared for a wait. When Tony said it would be an hour, Steve didn't think it was going to be
"Do you just like looking at women's underwear or do you actually wear them yourself?"
"Really?" he asked. "Because that doesn't feel like it's helping much." Tony rubbed his thumb against the back of Steve's hand.
"Not even a hint," Bruce said.
"You threw up?" Pepper glared at him, but it was mostly out of concern. "You didn't mention that before."
"Any container marked aluminum – chemical symbol Al; or sodium – chemical symbol Na." Knežević climbed over the center console and slid into the driver's seat. "Also, canisters marked as oxygen – O – carbon – C – and hydrogen – H. Do you need me to identify them?"
"I wasn't knocking it," Natasha said. "I've survived in Siberia with less. A little backwash isn't going to kill me."
"No reason," Tony said. "Can I see your hand?"
"Really?" he said. "They want me in a submerged, pressurized, metal container?"
"Alright," she said. "Should I call an ambulance, or would you be okay going in my car?"
Amazingly, Tony was able to find their limo with relative ease. Steve had to applaud him for that. He was perfectly sober, and he couldn't tell one from the other. Though, their driver was standing in front of it, smoking a cigarette, so that was probably a helpful indicator. Tony shouted at the man that they were leaving and – looking rather annoyed – the driver stamped out his cigarette. Steve offered him an apology, but the driver acted like he didn't hear it.
Police chatter and records disclose a lot. For example, if there was a psycho going around killing people by turning them into stone, they'd take notice of it and be scrambling to try and stop it. Tony had no idea how that was even possible – in fact, he was worried that he had passed out back at the hospital and this was all some sort of crazed fever dream – but apparently, that's what was going down.
"Oh, she's clearly exhausted," Cabe said. "But so are you. When was the last time you slept?"
"Trust me," Rhodes said. "You're not the only one who feels like that." Steve slowly nodded.
"Monkeys?" Thor questioned. "I do not understand."
"Something tells me I've gotten more than enough sleep for one lifetime." Steve looked the man directly in the eye. "Please, just tell me how long it's been." The man took a deep breath before responding.
"Winnifred Clara Oswald," Nina said. "She likes to go by 'Oswin.'"
"Yeah," Steve said. "And now that we're on the same page, do you think you'll be able to get some sleep?"
Granted, he had been thankful that nothing had been taken this time but still, the fact that these people thought they could waltz into his home and his company's headquarters and just take or do whatever they wanted was enough to make Tony's anemic blood boil. As soon as he finished talking to the cop, he wanted nothing more than to jump out of bed, rush back to Malibu, put on the suit, and bring whoever was responsible for either of the two robberies to justice.
"The power surrounding the Cube is impenetrable," he reported.
"What? Tony, no!" Too late. Tony had already shut the door and locked it. Steve quickly went over and knocked on the door. "Tony? Tony?"
"Alright." Tony reached into the bag and retrieved the other burger. Quickly unwrapping it, Tony took a bite of the burger and savored the taste. It was a little cold, but not so much so that it was inedible. "So good," he said.
"You've got one, sweetheart," was the last thing she heard him say before she pushed the door open and stepped outside.
"You're having an allergic reaction?" Jessica shook her head. It took a second for exactly what she meant to click in Carol's head. "You absorbed it through your skin." Jess nodded. "Shit."
"Once I realized how bad things were, though, I did try to fix it," Natasha said, ignoring Stark's skeptical look. "I called Fury, we figured out what was going on, and we got you that temporary fix and the tools you needed to find the cure."
(See the end of the chapter for
Despite promising that he would eat, Tony had mostly just sat there lethargically stirring his soup. It was really starting to concern Steve. He didn't know what was wrong with him or how he could help. It made him feel kind of useless and sadly, that was a feeling he was becoming well-acquainted with.
After what felt like hours, the President's speech finally came to an end. Everyone clapped as the President was escorted out of the chambers. Once he left, people started to stand and make their way to the exits. Romanoff stood first and gave Tony a hand in getting to his feet.
Slumping to the floor, Knežević sat there for a good long while, just sobbing over the loss of his girls. Lorraine wasn't going to let him see them, and that was that. He'd try calling again, but he was certain that next time, Lorraine would just call the cops. He didn't have any money for a lawyer. He didn't even have money for dinner or an apartment. How was he going to fight a custody battle when he didn't even have a single dime to his name?
"Of course," Coulson said. "We have everything; aspirin, ibuprofen, Anacin…"
"You're right." Freeman bowed. "I am truly sorry, Brother Daniel." Adoniram was silent for a moment as he analyzed the apology. Unfortunately, he found that in this situation, he would have to allow it.
Lara trained in Stark Industries' human resources policies. Although, her training had been hasty given that Tony and Pepper wanted her doing her job as soon as possible, but she trained. However, she was also prepared to protect foreign dignitaries and presidential candidates, maintain weapons and ammunition, be a victim of war, and tell the difference between a real twenty-dollar bill and one someone printed off Google Images. It was drilled into her to intervene in a situation and end it before someone got hurt by using whatever means to that end, including physical force. It was clear she tended to fall back on this training whenever she was panicked or stressed. Granted, the worst she'd done so far was try to drag his drunken self out of a party by the hand like he was a toddler, but still it was clear that it was something she'd need to work on and making everyone do it would make it seem a little less like they were targeting her specifically.
"Two-hundred miles with a dog and a guy with a hangover," Lara said. "I'd rather drive to Vermont and back with a sick kid."
"I take it that it also increased your alcohol tolerance," Stark remarked, though his eyes were still on the box.
Yes, Steve was attracted to Tony, but this whole thing had gotten out of hand incredibly fast, so much so to the point where Steve was starting to wonder if Tony was attracted to him, too. Not only was the idea preposterous, it was also dangerous. Although it was incredibly unlikely that the attraction was mutual… Hell, if anyone found out that Steve liked boys and had an interest in Tony, they'd probably have Tony locked up in the asylum for fear that he was like that as well. Steve wasn't afraid of anyone finding out about him. As stated before, taking a bullet to the brain was preferable to him over spending a lifetime in an asylum, but if Tony was going to face that fate because of him… The awful feelings that stirred up made Steve glad he wasn't thinking about that. He'd rather have pointless musings about red than think about that possibility.
"Was he married?"
"Where was he?" he heard Clint ask. "How'd you find him?"
"Welcome back to the land of the living, Captain," he said. "You have slept for quite some time."
"What's in the soup?" Lara asked. "Is there anything I can't eat?"
"Okay," Tony said slowly.
"Uff," Steve groaned as their bodies collided. He had to take a step back to regain balance. "You might want to take it easy there. I'm not as young as I used to be."
"I've been holding the press back while you've been rebuilding and recovering," she said. "It's your turn." Obviously, Tony couldn't argue with that. He let out a sigh of defeat.
Graciously, Nina had offered her cell, home, and work numbers to Duran in case they either needed information from her or they found Oswin's body in the wreckage of the house. Dialing the first two numbers only gave her voicemail. As she stepped out of the DSS offices, she called the number and was informed by a receptionist that Nina had gone out to lunch. Stating that it was an urgent matter and handing out her falsified Homeland Security credentials over the phone, she got the receptionist to reveal the name and location of the restaurant she normally went to for lunch. Duran then found herself making a mad dash across LA, trying to catch Nina before she left the restaurant.
"Doesn't he always?" Rhodes shrugged.
Once the letter was irradiated, both Bruce and Betty set about testing for everything they could think of. Obviously, they tested the powder for H5N1 and Ebola along with every other known disease. While they waited for their own results to come back or the CDC to get back to them with their results, they began to test the components of the letter.
A now ex-SI employee tried to disparage the company on national television and now Tony, Pepper, and Lara have to deal with the fallout.
"But do you think this is going to help me?" Steve could see the fear in Tony's eyes. He knew Tony was just as scared as he was, and the last thing he wanted to do was led him astray, especially knowing what the consequences that were on the table.
"Right away, Sir."
"Yeah," Tony said. "Can you go out and get me another bottle of this champagne? I'm going to need a lot of it." Lara looked concerned for a second but nodded.
He was so absorbed in his thoughts to notice the car pulling up. However, when he heard the car window rolling down, he had a "fuck off" ready on his lips within seconds.
"No problem," Steve said. "But really Tony, you should get back to bed. If you strain yourself too much, you're just going to make it worse."
"Natasha made Chicken Spinnocoli," he said. "I saved you a plate. It's in the microwave." Steve frowned.
"You found his body?"
They arrived at the studio right on time. Tony had hoped that this would start them off on the right foot. That was until one of the producers led them to the green room.
So yay! They're back together again! I hope you're all starting to forgive me for the bad stuff I did! Now you can all hate me for the fact that I spent three weeks writing one chapter and I might have completely fucked myself! Yay!
"No." He had several like this since Afghanistan. Each one had been worse than the last and the only treatment he had found that worked was waiting for it to go away on its own. He thought it was a symptom of the Palladium poisoning, but if that were the case it would have gone away once he replaced the Palladium in the Arc Reactor for the new element (which he had started referring to as "badassium.") "Look, I can come up with ninety-nine reasons why I don't want to see a doctor, but I already know that you're not going to like any of them, so I'm just going to cut to the chase and promise to go to the hospital if I feel any worse."
Lara carefully pulled her headphones out of the small pocket in her messenger bag. Slipping them into her ears, she tapped the play button on the screen of her iPod and was met with the beautiful sounds of Queen. Her brother had suggested that she put her music on when she walked into Avengers Tower to avoid having to listen to the Peoples Unity Church's bull. Lara didn't like the idea, mostly because it would take away from her ability to be aware of her surroundings. She'd be an easy target for assault and robbery, especially in New York. Her brother then told her that she was overly paranoid and that nothing would happen between the entrance to the tower and the elevators, especially with the Avengers
Annabeth and several of her colleagues had gathered around the rock that had grown on her back fence the previous night. Well, grown would be inaccurate. Rocks can't grow, but it appeared so suddenly that it might as well have. People were walking around her backyard, taking samples and comparing notes. Annabeth herself was so invested in it that if it hadn't been for Ricky barking, she probably would have never noticed someone was at her door.
"I will in just one second," Steve assured. "Just let me throw our clothes in the wash and turn off all the lights, first."
I hit 'cancel' on that rewards card," she stressed. "Anyways, what the hell kind of birthday song is that?"
Anyways, if you liked this chapter, please go ahead and comment/review! It really means a lot! :)
"You know what I mean," he said. "Get some sleep. I'm not going to move until you do."
"It seems like it," Happy said in a dark, dreading voice. "God, I just want to punch that fucker in the face."
They were just three simple words, and yet they were causing Steve so much anguish.
"Alright," he said once he deemed himself stable enough. "What do I need to do?"
"It's fine then," she said. "I know plenty of people who have bad reactions to that sort of thing – Tony being at the top of that list – so believe me, you're fine. You didn't even hurt me." Lara could feel tears pricking at her eyes, so she directed her gaze back down.
"Don't mention it," Rhodey said. "Now, if you don't mind, I think I need to have a little conversation with someone about bad ideas and shutting her mouth."
Tony slowly pulled his head up off the smooth surface of the countertop he had passed out at. His neck was stiff and he could feel a particular vein throbbing in his left temple, but overall he didn't feel too bad, likely because he didn't go overboard with the drinking the night before. Yes, he was somewhat upset that S.H.I.E.L.D. thwarted his and Steve's could-have-been date but he was too distracted by all the research he had to do to really get all-out wasted. So as a result, he didn't have too much of a hangover and there would be plenty of champagne waiting for Pepper when she got back. So, that was all good.
"Sorry, can't do that."
"Shit," was all he could say. Lara nodded in agreement.
"You're right," he said. "And you won't be if you just relax and go to sleep." Steve still appeared to be a bit unwilling, so Tony leaned in a little more. "What can
"Hey," he said. "You okay?"
"That's not for me to disclose." Tony tried to say something but didn't get a chance as Coulson continued. "I can assure you, though that we aren't trying to replicate the Super Soldier Serum. We know for a fact that information isn't in those files anyway." Tony paused for a second to think things over.
As Tony started falling down the rabbit hole of worry, the plane's captain's voice came over the intercom, advising all of them to fasten their seatbelts and prepare for takeoff. Tony did as he was told but couldn't help but wonder how long it would take for them to reach cruising altitude, whether anyone would notice if he got a drink at the bar at this early hour, and if they would judge him if they did. He got the feeling that the answer to that last one was yes.
"The Supreme Understanding is nothing if not compassionate," he said. "I can put my conversation on hold for now. Tell them to come in." Margot nodded.
"Well, if Tony's not going to furnish this place…"
"Are you afraid?" Tony asked again.
." Tony didn't bat an eye.
"Nice to meet you all," Carol said. "I've heard a lot about you."
"Well, I'm going to be heading to DC tomorrow," Pepper said. "I'm working on the zoning for the next two buildings."
"How?"
"Miss Potts," he said, holding out his hand to her. "I see you've upped your security."
"Okay, so what happens now?" Lara looked up and gave Bruce a confused look.
"Which has already been brought to our attention," Hill said. "How is that relevant?"
worried about but
"No," she said. "He didn't outright say it, but I know I'm not his favorite person now. Firing is probably somewhere on the horizon."
"You have a flask?" Steve asked.
"Okay," he said. "Why were you moving the countertop?"
"You know," he said. "I'd almost believe you, but it's clear you don't know what you need to apologize for."
"Alright," he said. "What do you want to know?" Rhodes put his elbows on his desk clasping his hands together.
"Why?" he asked. "It's not like you could have done anything to stop it."
"Twenty years?"
"Seriously?" Clint asked.
Yeah, he'd say that was about half right. He definitely was panicked beyond belief, but he wouldn't exactly call it an attack. In his mind, everything he was feeling was justified given that his boyfriend was missing. Nonetheless, Natasha took her hand off Steve's shoulder and took a step back. Her eyes remained focused on him.
Although they had no problems at the airport, when they arrived at the hotel, they found that there were already a handful of reporters gathered outside, desperate to get the first glimpse at the Avengers in months. Although the front entrance clearly wasn't secure, neither Clint nor Natasha had the cash on them to pay off the cab driver to drop them off out back, so they, unfortunately, had to brave the storm. Getting out of the taxi, the two super-spies sped past the press, covering their faces as best they could and giving "no comment" as their response to any asked questions. That probably wasn't how Stark wanted them to interact with the press, but they considered it better than saying something they shouldn't and having it getting taken out of context later.
It felt like hours, but, it had only been less than a minute since the shaking started that it came to a stop. Once the house felt stable again, Oswin got up and bolted from her bedroom, through the living room, and out the door. She only stopped when she reached the sidewalk.
Just as she initially set out to do, Lara grabbed her purse and her sandwich and headed out the door. She didn't even stop to put on her shoes. She just left.
"Oh, Betty," he said. "Right. Things are going good."
"That you'd admit it aloud? Yeah." Tony's lips quirked up.
"They're probably too afraid of Cabe to try," Tony suggested.
"Ah… No, it's fine it's just, ah…" Natasha lets out an audible sigh.
It all came to an end, though, when a blonde woman suddenly walked into the room. It sounded like she was in the middle of apologizing for stealing a spare key or something, but she stopped dead when she realized that Tony wasn't in bed by himself. She then slowly backed out of the room with eyes as wide as headlights and shut the door. From what he could hear, it sounded like she immediately turned, went down the stairs, and bolted out of the house.
"She should still be here. Jess!" No response. "Jess!" A tired groan.
"We don't think so, ma'am," the cop admitted. "But we'd still like to have a word with Mr. Stark before we discuss any further details. Could you provide us with his room number?"
"And this was around 3 AM?" she asked.
When Steve got back to his apartment, he set the punching bag down on the living room floor and caught sight of the packet sitting on his dining table. He'd question how in they got in, but he knew that'd be pointless. Instead, he sat down in the seat in front of the packet and began to stare at it. He already knew what he was going to do; what he had to do. After all, as Fury said, the world needed to be saved, he just wished saving it didn't come at the expense of his "date" (as he desperately wished it was) and Tony's feelings. Slowly, he pulled out his phone and hit all the buttons required to compose a new text message.
"You can't find Stark anywhere." All the eyes on Hill went wide.
Walking through the door that led back to the observation room, Tony could see that all the now unnecessary staff had cleared out of the room, leaving behind enough medical personnel to monitor Steve's condition. Commander Hill and Agent Coulson remained, though, and Director Fury had returned to the room from wherever he disappeared to before. It wasn't like Tony cared, he just wanted to know why they called him back.
Tony's eyes went right to Steve's as hesitation built up in his chest. Even though he could see deep down that his own worries were reflected at him, Steve put on a brave face and smiled. One last time, he gave Tony's hand a gentle squeeze.
"Ease up," she said. "You're scaring the boy."
"No problem," Steve said. "Now, what can I do to help?" Tony turned to look behind him at the disassembled mess of the bar.
"Tony?" Steve's voice was soft and gentle. Tony could feel the bed shift as he moved closer. "Are you okay?" Steve didn't touch him, and Tony was grateful for that. Sure, he wanted comfort, but he needed a moment.
"It's not gross," Tony said. "It's just… It's what I've been focusing on the entire time. I honestly don't know what other goals I can have." He looked down at his lap, the pattern woven into his jeans suddenly became very interesting.
"So, it's safe to say the situation's under control?" Natasha asked.
"And promise me you're not going to undermine the police investigation," Pepper said.
"Can you type Audrey Knežević into that thing?" Oswin raised an eyebrow to that.
"Okay." Lara turned her attention back to the screen, intently tapping away. Suddenly, her eyes lit up and she almost jumped out of her seat. "Ooo! It says if I register for a rewards card, I can get a free party cake with the rental of any conference or common room, star restrictions apply."
"Glad I could do my part." Tony wished he had a pillow or something he could throw at Rhodey. "Now is there anything else you want to go on this paper?"
"Thank you, Agent Duran." Pepper offered the agent a polite smile and shook her hand. "Please contact us with any new information you have."
"Who?" She asked. "Did you get a name?"
"My people have the perimeter locked down along with LAPD," Fairchild said.
"Sorry," he said again.
"And did he retaliate in any way?" The officer asked.
"Well, you don't have to worry about that right now," Clint said. "I'm safe and I'm feeling much better." Laura smiled.
"A lot of reasons," Natasha said. "Theft prevention, identification purposes, cases like these where someone is missing, and you need to find them. If they have footage of Tony on the elevator, we can use that to figure out where he could have gone."
"Yeah Clint," Natasha said. "Tell them where the dog came from." Clint sighed.
"I'm your boyfriend," he said. "Of course, I care." Tony frowned and looked unconvinced. "Just tell me what it is. Is it the nightmares? Is that what spurred on all of this on?"
," Barton pointed out.
After being frozen in ice for 65 years, Steve Rogers was finally found by S.H.I.E.L.D., surprisingly alive. Unsure of the best way to defrost the Super Soldier, S.H.I.E.L.D. called in Tony Stark - the son of Howard Stark, who was instrumental in the process of turning Steve Rogers into the hero, Captain America - for help. When Steve awoke, the first person he met was Tony, and to say things got complicated from there would be an understatement...
Remember kids, cats are infinitely better than dogs.
"Well, I do what I can for my friends," he said. "And hopefully they will do what they can for me." Natasha eyed him suspiciously.
I hope I haven't confused anyone with this. I really am sorry for not planning better. To be honest, I was hoping to have this story finished by this point, but things don't always go as you hope. That should be the title of my autobiography...
"Yay!" Lila cheered while waving. "Hi, puppy!"
"Then why not put us in separate rooms?" Stark asked.
"I talked to Pepper and Happy about everything," he said. "What happened in D.C. and everything since… Specifically with the drinking…"
"Quit blaming yourself, or you're fired." Lara shot Tony a look but didn't protest further. Tony looked back at Pepper. "How far did he go?"
"Well, I'm awake now," he said. "Looks like you'll have to try again tomorrow."
Thank you to BlueBoulder for the review, favorite, and follow on FFN, and QueenE for leaving a comment on AO3, and shekelash and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
"But I'd have to…" Lara stopped mid-complaint and shook her head. "Whatever never mind. Is there anything else you need?"
"I won't die," Tony tried to reassure himself and Pepper. "Not now. Not from this."
"It's not your fault, though," Bruce said.
"We've all already been around him and none of us are sick." A ripple of pain momentarily shot through Tony's gut, making him think that maybe having yogurt for breakfast was a bad idea after all. "Well, not with anything contagious." Eyebrows were raised by that remark, but he chose not to acknowledge them. "Besides, it's not like I'm asking him to leave the Tower. The meeting room's just over there." Tony gestured to a door in the far-right corner of the room.
"Alright, that does sound weird," Tony said. "But to give her the benefit of the doubt, I had my heart shredded to pieces by a bomb in Afghanistan, Steve became a medical guinea pig to save the country, Bruce had an 'oopsie' while playing with nuclear radiation, Thor is a God who has a fucked-up family, and you and Clint…" Realization dawned on Tony's face then. "Actually, I don't know how you and Clint became the super bad asses you are today."
"So be it," Thor said. With that, Loki lunged at his brother, attempting to cleave him with the sharp edge of his staff. Thor ducked out of the way and tried to strike him with Mjolnir. Loki easily blocked that blow and tried to take a swing at Thor with the scepter. That ended up not being productive as Thor used Mjolnir to block him and the two-weapons colliding caused one or both to emit a small burst of energy which knocked part of the signage for Stark Tower off the building and onto the street below. Loki smirked to himself.
"Good," Fury said. "Because that's the only offer you're getting." Tony extended his hand and Fury shook it.
Realizing that her friend wasn't going to quit any time soon, Lara got up out of bed, giving up on sleep entirely. Going out the front door and stepping into the hallway, she hoped she would be able to escape the sound. It was somewhat quieter out there, but she could still hear some of the louder moans and the bed squeaking, even with her headphones on. It made her feel bad for whoever lived above and below them.
"Alright," Rhodey said. "Well, I'm not going to put words in your mouth, so why don't we just put down 'TBD.'"
"Natasha," Steve said.
S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately began to study the files once Tony gave them access. It was like watching a bunch of little kids opening Christmas presents, only with less of a mess. The agents dug into the files, transferring the data and information to their own computers and studying every single piece of information on Captain Rogers as they could find.
Her problem was that she had no idea how potent the stuff was. She didn't have any doubts that it would work – Hydra would never give her a weapon that wasn't effective – but she was worried about the danger it presented to herself. Although she had accelerated healing, Jessica knew her powers made her a bit more susceptible to the side effects of certain substances. She fell into a poison ivy patch once and ended up with a vicious rash on her arm, cheek, and the side of her neck that took weeks to clear up. She was worried that if there was any trace of it on the vial or if she spilled some and got it on her skin, she would get poisoned, too. It wouldn't be enough to kill her – she could thank her accelerated healing for that – but it would probably be enough to make her sick for an extended period. Jess didn't like the idea, but this is what Hydra wanted her to do and how they wanted her to go about doing it. She'd just have to take it upon herself to be careful.
"A damn shame," Steve agreed. "That means we better make the most of the time we do have." A devilish smirk crossed Tony's face. "What are you thinking?"
"That's easy," he said. "I want everything." He could hear Tony inhale sharply and go stiff, but still, he continued. "I want
Reaching the couch, Tony and Steve sat down with hands still clasped together. Lara, Bruce, Clint, and Natasha all exchanged looks. Through some form of unspoken communication, they decided that Nat would speak first.
Tony remembered leaving his tools out there after Steve came to get him to come to bed. Pushing the doors open, he was immediately greeted by a burst of cold air. Tony's skin prickled at the sensation as he was only wearing a tank-top and pajama pants made of a very thin material. The doors leading to the outdoor launch/landing pad were drafty and there wasn't much Tony could do about it without putting something in the way of the machinery. So, he would just have to suffer through the bitterly freezing January-in-New-York air for a few minutes while he got what he needed.
I'm hoping that if I chant Infinity War enough times, my mom will take me to the theater faster. That's how this works, right? Anyways, if you do leave a review, please hold off on posting Infinity War spoilers for a few more hours. When I start posting on Tumblr again, that's when you'll know it's safe.
"Then suit up." He then disappeared from the doorframe.
"Yeah, about that," Tony said. "I think you might have scared him earlier when you questioned him about our involvement." Pepper gave him a look that said, "what do you mean?" "I think he's scared that you're going to out him."
So what's the plan from here out? Well, I am going to write Chapter Twenty-Nine and as soon as I have it completely written and typed out, I will post it on this site. This is mostly because I realize what a crappy note I'm leaving people on here and I want to give you some hope before we hit a large bout of radio silence. I'm going to give December 2nd as a tentative date because after this family thing I have tomorrow there's US Thanksgiving and a few other things that will be happening next week that will take the majority of my attention. As I've stated before, I'm only one person and I'm not a wizard, so please be patient with me while I try to work around these things.
Tony didn't look at his phone right away when the little chime indicating he had received a text message went off. He was busy trying to get around S.H.I.E.L.D.'s firewalls. When he did finally get a chance to look at it several minutes later, he was needlessly surprised by the contents of the message.
"Pepper and I wouldn't have worked out," he said. "We both know that now." Natasha nodded in agreement. "Also, I don't do orgies anymore. Not since Bangkok."
"Look," Rhodey said. "I agree that Pepper probably should have talked to you before going forward with this, but you have to admit that the hotel needs to be held accountable for their actions."
"That's why you need the files," Tony stated. Fury was the next one to speak up.
"You know as well as I do that this has been the day from hell," he said.
Avengers Tower still hadn't been cleared by the CDC yet. Last time they called Pepper, they told her that they would likely be finished inspecting and decontaminating everything by the next morning, but Lara honestly doubted they'd even come close to meeting that deadline. In the meantime, they'd been kicked out of the coffee shop and had to rent a conference room from a nearby hotel, which was what hindered Lara's plan. It wasn't their space and she could easily lose the money if she tried, so she was going to have to wait.
"You did?" Clint said.
"Who took it from you?"
"I think he said the Incident," Happy supplied, giving Tony some relief.
To be honest, neither option seemed appealing to Steve. He didn't want to go back to S.H.I.E.L.D. He had nothing to do there and he was constantly afraid they were going to experiment on him or take his blood. At the same time, though, Steve didn't feel like he had much to do here either. Tony was sick and needed to go back to bed, but Steve doubted he could convince him to. Tony had made it clear that he had already made up his mind and he was going to do this with or without Steve. He didn't want to leave Tony hanging like that, but at the same time he wasn't sure what he would do once the situation was sorted out.
"Hi," he said.
"Sure, they can." Tony knew what he was saying was bull, but Pepper clearly needed a little bit of hope now. "Aluminum and oxygen can form corundum crystals such as rubies and sapphires."
Lara would have silenced her phone, but there was a chance that Tony could try to call her, and she didn't want to miss it if he did. So, every time the song started up again, she'd glance at the screen. Every time it would say "No Caller ID", so she would just assume it to be Dante and let it ring. Yes, she did consider the possibility that Tony could also call from a number registered as "No Caller ID" but she didn't want to take the risk by continually answering her phone. Responding to a stalker only encouraged them, after all.
"What kind of threat, Sir?" The operator asked.
"I don't think that's necessary, Mr. Adoniram." Carol tried to pull her hand back, but Adoniram didn't relent.
Cranston whipped out a big planner notebook and they discussed what time would be convenient for both. They settled on Wednesday, February 22nd at two in the afternoon. Cranston wanted to put a bit of space between visits and off the top of his head, Tony didn't think he had any meetings at that time that day (he'd apologize to Lara later if he was wrong,) so it work out just fine. After that, they shook hands, exchanged pleasantries, and finally Tony could exit back out into the waiting room. The only thing that came as a sweeter relief than opening the door was seeing Steve on the other side.
After getting out of the shower, they both toweled off and got dressed, stealing as many kisses as they could along the way. Tony found that the pajamas Steve had picked out for him were still somewhat warm and carried the soft, clean scent of Bounce dryer sheets, indicating that they were freshly laundered. Tony brought the oversized t-shirt up to his nose and took a deep inhale before pulling the garment over his head.
"There's still some left. Do you want to finish it?"
"Alright," Tony said. "Now, apparently I have to ask this – are you wearing gloves?"
"What the…" Steve tried to get the words out, but his voice was too weak and cracked from disuse. It probably wouldn't have mattered anyway. There was some sort of mask covering his face and mouth that muffled his speech.
AO3: Aaskada, Britney, brokenEisenglas, Crystalmagic, dreyrugr, drunk_rainbow, EchoMoonstone, FanficDelivery, FanGirl18, ffreader65, FriedChickenNisha, Halogien, Hecate_Morrigan13, ironstarrs, irvnstark, Ganlee, gottamarvelfast, KiernaSerea, lauraelizabeth03, levana84, Lisadaughterofathena, LiveDragons, May89, mefistofeleswassupidk, mr6volt, Nekiare, NessaRaquel, ObsessedFangirl96, Opheliad, osbournemo07, pastaaa, PinkRabbit7789, repunzelle89, RiddleMeEvil, RoninAngel (RougeShadowAngel), Rshinystars, Sesshomaru, Sheepgod, shekelash, Squeepea, starktower, The_girl_in_a_wheelchair, TORRESDECRISTAL, twilight497501, yjoo917, Zahurrs, and the 35 anonymous guests who left kudos.
Frowning, Tony realized that he still had on his heavy winter jacket and shoes, while Steve had stripped down to just the sweat pants he had been wearing. Sitting back up, Tony removed the coat and toed off his boots. He realized he probably should brush his teeth, but his exhausted body didn't want to trek over to the bathroom until it had to. Dropping his coat on the floor, Tony wondered if he should take off his shirt as well. After a moment's consideration, he decided against it. Steve was already scared about how sick he was. He wasn't going to add the shock of seeing his chest to that. Pulling back the covers, Tony got into bed and snuggled up close to Steve.
"Alright," he said. "Now I think you're getting this a little too well." Steve sighed and placed his hand on top of Tony's.
"Then what's it like?" Tony balled up a fist and pressed it against his forehead.
"Yeah," Tony remarked, digging one of his finger nails into the grooves of the denim. "TBD sounds good."
"You sure?" Lara asked. "There's not going to be any cuckolding going on?"
"You don't mean that." Tony didn't respond. "What's wrong? Talk to me."
"You are," Adoniram assured. "And soon, you'll be much more than that."
"No," Lara answered for Natasha before she was even able to get a proper word out. "It's just her Tony wants doing thing; or Bruce, but not you or Clint." Steve furrowed his brow.
"But you stayed, right?" Bruce couldn't argue with that, so he nodded in agreement. "So, you found them. You found a group of people that at the very least, share a similar burden to you. Sure, that burden might not be turning into a giant green monster, but they still can relate in some way and you're all working together to achieve the same goal; protecting the world. In the end, that's more than what I could have wanted for you, especially considering all that time you isolated yourself."
"Are you serious?" Tony questioned. Pepper slowly nodded.
They went straight from the airport to a large complex of buildings east of the Washington Monument. Steve had heard of the Smithsonian institution before but had never seen it for himself. (Mostly because, sadly, the most Steve ever got to see of this country during his days of traveling around selling war bonds were the backstage areas of several theaters and the insides of numerous hotel rooms.) When he and Tony got out of the car, he noticed that the place was a bit more deserted than it probably should be.
"We have Norse Gods having death matches in small towns in New Mexico," Duran said. "And giant green rage monsters wiping out entire neighborhoods in New York. The man she stole from in question flies around in a metal suit and stops other people in metal suits from hurting people."
Carol repeated that to herself as many times as necessary. Slowly, her self-blame quieted and retreated to the dark depths of her mind. She could never fully get rid of it, but she could keep it at bay by reminding herself that she did the best she could with the information she had. That couldn't make everything right, but it did serve to reassure her.
"That's certainly not what I'd call a 'good time.'" Steve said. "Lara was crying when I left!"
Rhodes went through the whole disassembly process at a brisk pace. The only thing that slowed him down was the machinery tasked with removing the heavy plates of armor. Once he was finally free of the bulky protective gear, he jumped down from the assembly station and rushed for the door.
"All of that's great," Tony said. "But can we cut to your main reason here?" Pepper looked down for a second before centering her gaze back on Tony.
Remember kids, even if the author really REALLY doesn't have the will to live, it's still not an excuse to come to her house and murder her.
"Are you here with a mission, sir?" A pointless question, but one Fury answered nonetheless.
"Okay, so what's the plan then?" Natasha asked. "Because you need to be doing something."
Clint sat there for what felt like hours, mourning the loss of his wife and children, and waiting for whoever did it to come to finish the job and take him out, too. It wasn't like he cared. Everything he had to live for was gone. Well, almost everything.
"I don't need your help!" Tony shouted.
"Yes."
"You know," she said in a none-too-pleased tone. "You're the fifth person to ask me that today."
"Depends," Lara said. "Does becoming whole cost money?"
"You mean your autograph?" Rhodey teased as the took the clipboard. Tony rolled his eyes.
"I know," Natasha said.
Just to make things worse, as she passed through the Grand Central entrance to Stark Tower – or Avengers Tower as they were calling it now – she could hear the booming echo of a voice coming from the direction of the main lobby. She let out a curse and ran towards the commotion, giving quickly huffed apologies to the people she had to shove aside. Unsurprisingly, she entered the lobby and was greeted with the sight of several dozen people in white robes gathered in front of a man dressed similarly to them with a thick beard and long gray hair tied back in a ponytail. Lara groaned as she identified the group as the People's Unity Church. She couldn't help but compare them to the Sand People from
Lara hesitated. She wanted to argue, but she knew she wasn't going to win. She had to just keep the faith that Pepper was smart enough to see right through Freeman and hold her own. Under normal circumstances, Lara would feel very confident in that. However, these weren't normal circumstances. It was almost the middle of the night and Pepper was clearly tired, too. She didn't feel safe leaving her alone with Freeman. Pepper's assistant had already left for the night and even though Morse was going to be there, Lara couldn't help but think three pairs of eyes were better than two.
"Yes," Bruce said.
As if that wasn't bad enough, Lara realized as she stepped out of the shower that she didn't have a hairdryer on her. She groaned internally at herself before throwing her palm against her forehead.
"I thought he was safe," he said. "I thought there was nothing to worry about."
"…but don't take it out on me!" Pepper's eyes glimmered with tears. She brought her hand to her forehead. "Oh my God, I didn't think you were serious!" The tears spilled over and Pepper let out a strangled sob. Tony got up, walked across the room, and wrapped his arms around her. She returned his hug in kind. There might not be anything between them anymore, but right now Pepper needed some form of comfort and Tony needed something to physically hold on to while reality warped around him. This was exactly why he didn't tell anyone he was dying the last time. Dying changes everything.
"Thanks," he said. "I really appreciate being the last resort." Gracefully, Hill chose to ignore that comment and moved straight to her final selling point.
"You have the right to remain silent…" Knežević tugged at the cuffs that ensnared his wrists as the officer led him to the back of a police cruiser. The entire time he begged for the officer, the social worker, anyone to understand. However, it was futile. The last thing he saw before the cruiser pulled away was the frightened faces of his daughters as the social worker led them into her car.
I also couldn't resist adding the Gabrielle Giffords cameo. She had been invited to the State of the Union as a special guest of Michelle Obama at the 2012 State of the Union so there was that little bit of accuracy. Also, because of the fact that I kind of look up to her. I mean, I'm sure I don't agree with her on her politics, but I just can't help but admire her strength. Not only did she get shot in the head and survive, but she did her best to continue serving as a Congresswoman afterward. She resigned on January 25th, 2012 to focus on her recovery, but I'm impressed that she held on as long as she did. To this day she continues to make great strides in her recovery and is an advocate for stricter gun-control.
"Oh you most certainly could," Oswin said. "But I think it's best if we just stayed focused on the task at hand."
"What?" He hoped he misheard her, but deep in his gut, he knew he hadn't. "What do you mean?" Pepper brought a hand to her forehead and squeezed her eyes shut. Breathing deeply, she forced herself to continue the conversation, albeit with a pained expression on her face.
"Alright," Peggy said. "Just remember that, alright?"
The way Tony's face fell at that remark told Rhodey all he needed to know; Tony had found out about the sex tape that was going around. He fell uncharacteristically quiet as the nurse finished setting the IV bag back to normal. Once everything was reset, the nurse promptly left the room, only telling Rhodey to make sure Tony did not mess with the IV bag again.
, which circulated in December of 1995 and ended up becoming the basis for the long-running Comedy Central series,
Just so you know, I have this fic entirely backed up to the cloud, so if my computer craps out on me, not all is lost. I can still get to it, though it'll be a pain in the ass. While I have your attention, though, does anyone reading this know anything about computers? The laptop I have is a Lenovo ideapad 330 running Windows 10 and the error message that keeps coming up after it forcibly shuts itself off and on again is "Default Boot Device Missing or Boot Failed." Any help I can get on this would be greatly appreciated.
"We don't have to talk about it now," Steve said. "I mean, you're already upset…"
The first thing he did once he was released from prison was call his wife's sister, who was granted custody of his daughters after he was arrested. He leaned back against the glass of the phone booth as he listened to the seemingly endless ringing of the line as his call connected and hoped that she hadn't changed her number in the past few years.
"Indeed, I do," Steve said before surging forward and bringing their mouths together. Tony was immediately pliant and responsive, opening his mouth and allowing Steve full access. The kiss was not long – the timer on the microwave went off, causing them to have to abruptly break apart – but it was plenty heated, leaving the two of them gasping for air for a moment or two afterwards.
"Without knowing anything about the person or the type of treatment they have access to, I'd have to rate their chance of survival at about fifty percent." Devastation crossed Natasha's face. "I'm sorry."
Then the next morning, Pepper took it all back. Tony couldn't believe it, but she took it all back. She said she had time to think about it and she realized she couldn't be with someone who treated her the way he had over the past few months. Fair, because he had been slowly dying of Palladium poisoning and didn't tell anyone, instead opting to live it up like it was the last days of Caligula and be damned with the consequences. However, the conversation only got more heated from there and came to an abrupt head when Pepper had finally reached her breaking point.
"It's whatever you need it to be," Carol said. "It's whatever the safest, healthiest option is for you." Tony grimaced.
she thought.
, she thought. She looked around for Knežević and found him standing a few feet from her. His lips were moving, but no sound was coming out.
Special thanks to DiveTooDeep who commented and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
"If you're sure." Lara gave the other woman a reassuring nod before heading back to the stairs.
"Sorry about that," he said.
. Hundreds of other films also circulated around this time but some of them weren't as funny as they were pornographic.
"I can't say," she said.
"Quite a bit of unknown tech," Coulson said. "It'll keep the kids down at the Sandbox busy for a while. A lot of it's Tesseract-related, so it could be a help in getting Project P.E.G.A.S.U.S. off the ground."
To say that the board had not been quite thrilled with Tony's newest undertaking would be an understatement. They had initially been angry about it because they had to find out about it the same way as everyone else – by watching the Battle of New York unfold on live TV. None of them appreciated that, but it was not like Tony had any way of giving them a heads up. He was too busy fighting sky-whales and almost dying, but in the board's opinion that was no excuse.
"Right," Steve agreed. Although they hadn't talked about it in depth, he was glad he and Tony were on the same page about how open they wanted to be with their relationship at that point in time. So far, the only people who knew were the other Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Lara, and now Duane Freeman. Steve still had some lingering fears as a result of growing up in the first half of the twentieth century, he was slowly working through it. Having the assurances from the Avengers, War Machine, a former federal agent, and Pepper Potts that anyone who gave them trouble for their sexualities would get messed up helped with that.
"Not much," Tony said. "Why?"
Bruce spent a vast amount of time studying the letter and taking notes. That was, until he heard a knock at the door. Turning around, he was met with the sight of Commander Hill and Betty standing in the doorway.
"Don't test me, sweetheart," he said.
"You see that red lever?" Steve looked to his right and spotted it a few feet away. He'd have to navigate a few more broken platforms, but once again it'd be easy enough to get over there. "It will slow down the rotors long enough for me to get out. Stand by it. Wait for my word." Steve nodded and jumped across the first platform.
Remember kids, don't listen to me when I'm off my meds. I tend to ramble about pointless topics like this. SERIOUSLY CVS, WHAT THE FUCK?
So, for a little bit, it was just the two of them downstairs in the communal kitchen; Steve cooking while Tony ate and desperately hoping that his breakfast choice would not cause pain for him later. It was quiet, but not uncomfortable. Then Natasha came into the room.
"You've already changed your name, though?" Betty's smile disappeared as she solemnly nodded.
I have been awake for twenty-two hours now because my living situation has become so bad that I seriously can't fall asleep in my own bed. Yup. That's where I'm at right now.
"Really?" he said. "And I'm supposed to believe that?" Yes, Natasha understood how absurd it sounded, but she did not let that to affect her resolve.
The Tesseract was placed in a special container. A twist of the handles on both sides would send the two Asgardians home. Loki had a gag over his mouth to keep him from using his magic, and his hands were shackled together, but free enough so he could hold on to the other handle when Thor offered it to him. Within an instant, the two men were swallowed up by a blue light. Everyone had to take a step back as the force of the teleportation sent out a shockwave. With that, Loki was gone and the entire situation was considered done and over with.
"Well, she was wrong," Oswin assured. "She was wrong. I'm fine."
"Alright," she said. "Just make it fast."
"Mistake?" he questioned. "Are you sure about that?" Pepper frowned.
"That won't stop them from going off script," Natasha pointed out.
I hope everyone's having a happy and safe New Year so far! Personally, I'm not feeling too great at the moment, so I'm going to keep this A/N short, but thank you for sticking with me through 2018 and I hope you love what's to come in 2019!
Natasha didn't give any intention of moving out of the way. However, that didn't stop Steve from grabbing her by the arm and pulling her out of the way. With the path clear, Tony flew out through the entrance ramp to the garage and into the early evening sky.
"I swear to God, I'm telling the truth!" she screamed. "I didn't tell anyone! I took the samples from Dr. Subarian without him knowing!"
Jessica brought a hand to her hair. This wasn't good. She couldn't reach Fury or Hill and
"It's not." Agent Duran stepped in front of the rock and ran a finger down it. Annabeth didn't know what she expected to find doing that, but if she wanted proof of the rock's authenticity, she would be more than happy to show her how she came to her conclusion. "I'm going to need to know where you were from noon to four PM Saturday and who else has access to your backyard." The agent turned around to face the homeowner.
"I hope you do," Steve murmured to himself more than to Tony. He felt a quick thrill at the idea of the two of them kissing in public, but the nervous fear that came along with the thought caused him to push it away. Instead, he got his food out of the microwave and moved to sit at the kitchen table. "How was your day?" he asked Tony.
"Once again," Hawkeye continued saying. "Since you are not going to trial, you don't need to worry about hiring an attorney, but if you were and unable to afford one, the court would
"I'm just going to get a bowl or pot or something from the kitchen," Steve said. "I'll be right back." He pressed a kiss to Tony's cheek before turning and walking out of the room.
"I'll tell you on the way," Steve said. "Can you fly one of those jets?" He saw her working the co-pilot's seat before, but he wasn't sure if she can pilot the craft by herself, or if it was even possible. However, Natasha didn't give an answer before Clint stepped out of the bathroom.
"Says the woman who wanted a contingency plan for if Fidel Castro suddenly died." Lara frowned.
Being CEO of a multi-national conglomeration like Stark Industries was no easy task. There were deals to be made, shareholders to keep happy, stock prices and the overall health of the company to keep up with. Not to mention all the deadlines to meet and the paperwork to do. Tony had chosen well when he picked Pepper Potts as his successor. She was a master businesswoman in her own right and had been by his side running the company for years as his personal assistant. She was the natural choice for the role. However, her increase in responsibilities left little time in her workday for anything else, and that included constantly worrying about Tony Stark.
"Something's wrong," Pepper stated. "What is it?"
"Glorious," Loki stressed. "Not lengthy if your force is formidable as you claim."
He had woken up that morning at four-thirty after going to bed with Steve at around ten. That would be considered good if it weren't for the fact that he hadn't fallen asleep until one in the morning. When Tony woke up, Steve was still asleep. He usually woke up at five to go for a morning jog, but Tony didn't want to disturb him, even if he'd just be up in thirty minutes anyway. So instead, he got up and went to his office.
"Peggy," Steve repeated. He needed the confirmation. "Peggy Carter, she's the one who told you?"
It never did, though. After the initial quake, the building remained stable. No aftershocks to be felt. Eventually, Lara realize the worst wasn't about to happen and began to slowly push herself up off the ground. As she lifted her head, she glanced around the apartment to see if there were any damages. Spotting nothing obvious, she stood up. As she did so, she saw that the movie was no longer playing. Instead, she was greeted by the face of weekend news anchor Ernest Anand. However, the image was all she had. His lips were moving, but no sound was coming out of his mouth.
"How?"
"I'm not that heavy," she said. "I've seen you push a Jeep… Uphill. I'm nothing… Compared to that…"
"0.5." Lara scoffed at that.
"Why?" Tony asked. "Where are you going?"
"Are you trying to sneak out of the hospital?" she asked.
Tony was just about to pass the front entry way when he spotted him. At first, he thought he was just seeing things and it wasn't really Steve, but on a second glance he was sure it was him. Tony had the fluttering feeling of his hear leaping out of his chest and up into the sky. Warmth flooded the empty space when he realized that Steve was wearing the new suit, he designed for him (with Steve's input.) If Tony had no sense at all, he'd run right up to Steve and start trying to take it off him. Sadly, he was painfully aware of the fact that they had agreed to keep their relationship private for now, so once again he had to just settle for fantasies.
"Only if I let it," Dr. Cranston stated. "And I don't plan to." Tony had to scoff at that.
After that, I'm going to be taking another break from posting. I don't know how long it's going to last because it depends on how long it takes me to hit a certain story point. Once I hit that story point, I'm going to pause writing this fic to work on a little extension of it. Basically, there's a story point that I originally planned to be in this story (it's in my outline and everything) but the more I've written this story the more I've realized that it doesn't really jive with the rest of it - partially for content reasons, partially for pacing reasons - but I think it's kind of important to not only Steve and Tony's relationship but also gives some insight into Tony and Rhodey's friendship. (You heard it here, folks! Rhodey's actually going to cooperate with me for this! It's a Thanksgiving Miracle!)
"Give me a second." Natasha bent down in front of the door and placed a device on the lock.
"Akh," was the only acknowledgement Tony could give while he was holding his mouth open. Truth be told, it hurt like hell to eat, drink, swallow, and speak, but it was nothing he couldn't deal with. He's dealt with worse pain without complaint.
"Yeah," he said. "How did you know?"
"Anything you say
"Yeah," Tony said. "Send Pepper a text message. Tell her I'm going to miss the flight and to leave without me. Also, tell her that nothing's wrong and I'll see her Monday."
"We'll find something fun to do, Becca," Steve tried to assure the younger girl. "But you need to stop crying."
"How long has he been feverish for?" the doctor asked. Tony's face fell.
"Phase Two is S.H.I.E.L.D. uses the Cube to make weapons," he announced. "Sorry, the computer was moving a little slow for me."
"Fine," was his clipped response. A hand came down on Tony's shoulder, patting it reassuringly.
Steve's mother took a deep breath as she tried to figure out the best way to quell her son's fears.
(See the end of the chapter for
"You better be," was all Cabe said. Lara kept her eyes on Dante until he had gotten into the elevator with Lance and Miller, the doors sliding shut behind them. Only then did Lara let out a breath of relief.
"Oh-no," he tried to say playfully. "I'm in trouble."
Pepper did just that. Though, it clearly was taking longer than anyone would have liked. (You know, because it's Vista.) In the same amount of time, Tony had JARVIS locate the file Cabe had put on the flash drive and had him play it back on his phone. There was no audio, so no one was alerted to the fact that he already had the video up and playing, and Tony didn't go out of his way to tell them. Hey, that's what they get for forgetting the obvious.
"Okay enough," he said as he opened his eyes. "Why?"
"Have fun," Bergeron said sarcastically as Duran hung up the phone. He then went back to work, grumbling about how that phone call was a waste of his time.
"Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?"
"Well, that's not an option," Natasha said.
"Shatter-proof glass." Knežević didn't appreciate the sarcastic response, especially with his hand beginning to throb. "Secondly, I didn't say the guards spotted me. I spotted them. There's a difference."
"Do you want one?" he asked.
Speaking of which, I do invite you all to go back and read what I wrote before. I'm getting close to the end here and I just want to make sure there aren't any stupid loose ends that I'm forgetting to tie up. I try to catch them all, but I'm not perfect. I know I probably wrote something in chapter two or five or something that I meant to follow up on later and just forgot about. If you think you've spotted one of those things let me know and I'll try to catch it!
Anyway, as a result of this obsession, I've been neglecting to actually write anything, which is bad if I want to finish this fic any time soon. I'm already frustrated because I'm on chapter FIFTY-FIVE and still nowhere near done. I thought this was going to be the faster, easier, streamlined version, but apparently not. As of March 10th I'll have officially been writing this fic for two years and as much as I love this world and the characters, I just want to be done so I can take a break for a bit. I need that. Why can't I let myself have that?
So for those of you who don't know (and if that is the case, I'm sorry to be the one to break this to you) the actor who portrayed T'Challa/the Black Panther, Chadwick Boseman, passed away of colon cancer last Friday, August 28th, 2020. I had no idea he was sick, and it sounds like not a lot of other people did either. It's heartbreaking that he passed away so young - at the age of 43 - and now I certainly know I won't be able to watch Endgame without crying ever again. I mean, Tony and Natasha's deaths were sad, but at least Robert Downey Jr. and Scarlett Johansson are still alive. Now that we know that's the last time we'll see Chadwick as T'Challa ever again... Oooff! That hurts my heart! I also learned following his death that he was the guy who played Jackie Robinson in the movie 42, and I remember thinking to myself while I was watching it "Damn, this guy is good! I hope I see him in other things someday!" Little did I know, I did. My heart goes out to his family and I wish them all the best in this difficult time. Rest in power, Chadwick. You deserve it.
From there, things went… Not terribly wrong, but also not great either. They got asked things that were rather easy to answer and weren't overwhelmingly harmful or personal. Just mundane stuff like "what do you do to train," "what kind of special abilities do you have," "how did you become a superhero," etc. However, interspersed with those questions were some rather disturbing ones, usually asked by people in all-white clothing who would be promptly led out of the auditorium, screaming vile and slightly political insults at them. (The political aspect didn't surprise Tony at all, though. After all, they were in D.C.) The one outlier in the group of people who got escorted out was a man named Ethan who appeared to be in his mid-to-late forties and wore a leather jacket that looked like it had seen better days. His question was for Romanoff.
"You have our support," Clint added.
"I just need to take care of one thing and I'll come right back," Tony said. "I promise."
"The SSR files, are they complete?"
Shortly after Rhodey arrived to work that morning, he got a call from Happy telling him that Tony had woken up. It happened around three in the morning and apparently, he had been quite a bit out of it when he did. Astoundingly, he had still shown signs of being under the influence despite all the fluids they had been pumping into him. However, within a few hours he was throwing up and experiencing other detox symptoms.
"I got turned around," he admitted.
"Because you know better than to try to bribe me with sex." Steve shrugged, conceding that he had a point. Tony moved off Steve but stopped himself as he was perched on the edge of the bed, taking Steve's hand in his. "Maybe I'll be able to get out early so we can go right back to having fun," he said. "But in the meantime, please try to get some sleep, dear, okay?"
Slowly letting out a breath, Natasha lowered the gun and put it back in its holster. Relieved, the nurse quickly made her way over to Clint and began running her tests. Nat watched closely, trying to ascertain if the prognosis was good or bad before the nurse even needed to speak. However, it was impossible. The nurse's face was stone cold as she went about her work. It was the mark of a seasoned expert in her field. So, Nat couldn't discern anything. Defeated, she sat up and moved to sit on the edge of the hospital bed and waited for the nurse to finish.
"Raw aluminum, oxygen, carbon, hydrogen, and sodium," Knežević listed off.
"Why?" Bruce frowned.
"Promise me you'll go to the hospital if you feel any worse." Tony tried to argue, but Pepper cut him off. "Don't say it, Tony. I don't care if it causes a media circus, your health and safety are priority number one. We can figure out how to handle the fallout later. You seemed bad last night, and I know that if you're letting that show, you're actually ten times worse than you're letting on."
"I just told you," Sharpton said. "Research! Dr. Subarian wasn't using it for anything else. I went down to his lab on Friday night, took the two scariest-sounding samples I could find, and sealed it all in that letter. I did all the research beforehand. I used a lipstick that had accidentally been produced with far too much lead to get around postal irradiation. I put the letter in the mailbox. Subarian knew about none of it, I swear!"
Stepping out of the women's room, Lara wasn't expecting anyone to be waiting for her. Certain she knew who it was and not bothering to look at them, Lara thrust the dress she had been wearing into their arms and started to walk away.
"Steve,
"Okay," she said. "What should I do if it's not an emergency but still something really important?"
Tony thought but didn't say.
"Alright then," he said. He heard Lorraine say something resembling "alright," before he slammed the phone against the receiver.
"Alright, fine," he said. "I admit it. I'm not okay, but I'm also not going to keel over at any second, so you can just relax." Natasha's posture only got more rigid.
"I'll keep my eye out," Pepper ignored the cheer of 'yes' that Tony gave and instead changed the subject. "I don't suppose you've watched the news today?"
"Even if that's true, she still tried to sabotage the company in other ways."
Shooting a quick text off to Natasha – hoping that the others had some idea of what was going on – Steve turned his gaze back out onto the city. Despite knowing it was futile, he hoped it wasn't an emergency the Avengers needed to respond to. He knew it was probably selfish, but he didn't care. Tony wasn't going to be up for this and to be honest, Steve didn't think that
"You're welcome." The nurse started to move back towards the door she came from. "Dr. Wayne asked me to remind you that your next blood test is in three hours. Try to squeeze in whatever rest you can before then."
For example, she couldn't remember how she got the motorcycle she used to get to New Mexico. In one version of events, the guy just made some uncomfortable comments to her and she waited for him to go inside the store before taking his bike. In the other version, as soon as the words left his mouth, Carol punched him. She got the keys from him and sped off, leaving him in the dirt. Now, this was only a small detail, so nothing important was lost, but there were other things that held more of an importance that Carol was unsure of.
"In his corporate office with Lara," Steve said. "They're trying to come up with a good explanation as to what happened." Rhodes snorted.
"No," Clint said. "He didn't have any ID tags and he's a bit too little to be out on his own. I think someone might have gotten rid of him because of his leg."
"I don't think Nat would even care at the time," Clint said. "Doctors weren't the friendliest of faces for her growing up either. She's a lot better with them now than she used to be, but if she were that scared, she'd probably regress." Slowly, Clint's frown flipped upwards into a smile. "It actually makes me feel sorry for the bastards who did this. When she finds them, she's going to go ape shit on them, no holds-barred."
"Did Tony send them?" Lara asked.
"Dafaq is all this about?" Natasha and Clint exchanged looks.
"Of course," Carol said.
"I'm sorry," she said.
Specifically, she was doing that by lounging on her couch with one arm wrapped around Telemachus, and the other wrapped around a bowl of popcorn. She was watching some kids movie on one of the local TV stations because it was legitimately the only thing she could find to watch. She couldn't afford cable and couldn't figure out how to get Netflix to stream on her TV (part of the problem was that she didn't have a streaming device) so she had to settle for what the local antenna channels had to offer up. On Saturdays, that generally consisted of sports she didn't care about and the same three infomercials on repeat for hours on end. This week, she lucked out and happened to find a movie playing on one of the ABC affiliates. Although it was a kid's movie with very cheap special effects, it was still better than nothing, so she stuck with it.
"This way, sir." Bruce gestured in the direction of the lab and Tony followed his lead, not even sparing a glance at Steve as he walked by.
"I'm sorry," Natasha said. "Did you miss the democratic election process?"
The next few minutes went by in silence. Knežević watched as Oswin walked through the streets of L.A. going unnoticed by passersby. Eventually, she came up to the concrete and glass building that housed Stark Industries. Knežević held his breath and started shaking a bit. He thought about calling it off but decided against it.
Originally posted on FFN on 7/1/19.
"Should I try to guess his name?" Oswin laughed.
"Yes," Tony said with a nod. "I promise."
About a half hour into the drive, Hill announced that she had announced that she had an update on Clint. Natasha covered her ears and leaned forward until her head was almost touching her legs. Steve was initially alarmed, but when Hill sighed, he got the feeling that she was expecting this response. Despite that, she went ahead and shared the information anyway.
"Fuck no," he said. "If I did, I would have whooped their ass."
"Why tell me this?" he asked. "Why now?" To his surprise, Rhodes smiled.
"The whole night?"
"No," he said. "I'm not next of kin, so they couldn't tell me anything, but the last time I saw him… He looked bad Steve."
"Get me a cheeseburger and fries then," Tony said.
"Yeah, no," Tony said. "But think of it this way, now you can add 'refuses to listen to authority' to the list of reasons why I'm not recommended for the Avengers Initiative…" Tony had to pause for a second as the faceplate went over his face and the suit's systems came online. "Along with 'compulsive behavior' and 'textbook narcissism.'" He finished once the suit's speaker system was activated. "Now, if you wouldn't mind stepping out of the way…"
"Right," Happy said. "But what are you going to do about the video? Are you going to talk to Steve about it?"
"Don't mention it," she said.
"Aren't you diabetic anyways?" Bruce asked. "You probably shouldn't be eating cake."
When he got to the door, however, he was surprised to find it locked. It wasn't until that moment that he realized he left his key in the house and Conroy still had the spare key. (Which on the bright side meant that he wouldn't have to climb up the tree at the end of the driveway to get it. That then caused him to question how she found the key there in the first place but decided that was not important.) Tony laughed. Of all the things that went wrong today, he had to top it off by getting locked out of his own house. Forget the law of averages, it was Murphy's law that was clearly screwing him over.
