As he lies back, he looks up into Sherlock's face. His sunburn has mellowed, a change from the creamy white complexion. The freckles that are sprinkled across those cheekbones bleed together, and red highlights shimmer in his dark hair.
Sherlock's hair was blowing around and he looked more like a mad scientist than his usual posh detective look. As tight-lipped as ever, he simply nodded at that and every other question I asked, never actually answering—not that I would have been able to hear much over the roar of the chopper.
“Stand,” Norbury orders.
He continued in the proper direction, passing a bicycle rack, a phonebooth, and other recognized landmarks being submerged in blankets of white.
“Well, your plan might have worked if Dr. Hooper hadn’t noticed you weren’t sleeping in bed and said something to me. And you could have ended up dead because of it.” John keeps Lestrade’s visit to himself for now. No need to spook the man more.
Sherlock laughed as he pulled out his wallet and set five dollars on the desk. His long fingers opened the deli bag. Sherlock peeked inside. "True. And an ever expanding ass."
“Don’t talk to me,” John said.
(See the end of the chapter for
He said this as much for my ears as for hers. I was stunned—almost as stunned as Marilyn.
“What do you intend to do?” she asks.
Sophy laughs as she kicks Mycroft on the floor, and he groans. “This is so much sweeter than I’d planned! I turned your brother against you, Mycroft, and it’s the last thing you’ll recall as you
James patted John’s bed. “You never used to. What happened? John Watson? Mycroft would never approve.”
“Shhh!” John hissed.
John lamely nodded back, pretending to be normal. He reassessed Sherlock. He was handsome, but aloof for the most part. John wasn't sure if he was a homosexual. Just because he smelled nice and used exotic colognes and shampoos didn't actually mean he was. Maybe he just got chummy when stoned and liked touching people's knees.
The leader nods. His face is red and bloated in anger, but his men push the heap away. John slowly slides back in the driver’s seat, gun still trained on the leader’s head. John puts the car in drive and steps on the gas as Will grabs the wheel and steers. They speed off, skidding around the corner.
He turns and looks at the clock on the nightstand. It’s almost 2 a.m., and he’s certain that happiness is there in the world somewhere, it’s just not out there for him. He thinks as he dozes.
"What note?" Sherlock whispered. His lips just brushed against mine.
He kept his shoulders back and tried his best to clear his head of this confusion as Moran pushed him toward the door. John wanted a clear mind before he left this world, especially if he was going to punch the son of a bitch in the face first. He just wasn’t sure which son of a bitch it was going to be yet.
She skillfully maneuvered around the counter without spilling a drop from either cup.
“Norbury by proxy.”  John shakes his head.
He promised Sherlock he would never do it again, but that was before Sherlock had broken his promise to never leave.
Moriarty snorted. "Why he kept the top half, of course!"
“I made a choice, John. You heard it. Not all of it. What she said to Mycroft just touched on it. Yes, I chose Pandora. If I would have known how devastating Pandora would become, I might have made a different choice, but I did not. It seemed the best option at the time. And I thought, deep inside, that Mycroft would make the final choice for me.”
"What's your middle name?"
as well as a
John snaps his mouth shut and kicks himself for almost slipping and mentioning Mycroft’s name, leaving Greg to look at them both quizzically.
Then came high school. Freshman year. He'd overheard two boys in the locker room after football practice, heads together, whispering about free blowjobs and more at 818.
From the beginning, Moriarty's clothing revealed nothing of him other than style. Not one hint of a stray pet hair or worn cuff or speck of dirt on his suit or shoes. His hands were carefully manicured, his suit impeccable, but told nothing. That was it. He was a blank.
“That’s amazing. How did you know about Afghanistan?”
“Why, thank you, John. To both.”
“Drop it,” Moran repeated to John through his own gritted teeth.
"You must have been expecting the call. You applied for the program," Sherlock said.
Mary was locked up far away. My brother saw to that, but it felt like she was beside me every moment, whispering into my ears, blaming me for not being the one dead. She was right. I
He needs the key. He pats his trouser pockets. Nothing. He tries to pick the lock, but science and logic don’t work here. His mind mansion doors have sealed him off again!
He also knows that John Watson is one of the best things that has ever happened to him. He is a force. John is
He takes hold of John’s hand tightly, fingers flexing against the dense curve at the heel of John’s thumb.
"John, I think you should know that I am gay."
“I listening,” John says.
He’s googled the name Sherlock Holmes over the last days with less results. A lot less. He’s miffed Moriarty has almost 11.2 million more results than he does. Even Mycroft has more! For a man who was supposed to be covertly working for the government, Mycroft has almost as many hits as Moriarty.
He slipped out of the cuffs and out of Moriary's bed. But that didn't deter James. He followed him, sent him flowers. And when that didn't work, he sent him bodies and love notes: to Sherlock Holmes, With Love from Your Greatest Admirer.
“Comments?”
---------------
Once inside her room, it only takes him moments to find her laptop. No other files about. He makes the decision immediately. If he’s caught there will likely be no repercussions— not that he really gives a damn. He opens it, and she’s logged in, which Sherlock reasons is intentional. This is all too, too easy. She expects him to nose around, which means anything he finds will be something he’s meant to find. Which means they expected him to be out of his room. He sets her laptop aside.
“That you know about, of course.”
Even if the trousers fit Sherlock a bit less snug than they once did— a fact his Mum is sure not to miss— he looks devastatingly handsome. Standing side-by-side his friend and lover, John can’t believe how lucky he is.
story you were reading yesterday?" Sherlock asked. He sat down on the bed, leaving a few feet between them, deftly shuffling with one hand, then seamlessly flicking them off to the other.
He makes some toast and tea and feeds the cat. He's sure Mrs. Hudson already has since Blackbeard turns his nose up at lowly kibble. John stands in the living room ten minutes before he turns on the telly. He needs voices other than his own to fill his head. Nothing much on anymore but reruns, but in a fashion, those are more comforting.
“It wouldn’t be that young man of yours, would it?”
I supposed Marilyn and her small staff didn't eat all that much. There was only a little frozen food inside, but a lot of empty boxes were stacked in one corner. Sherlock nodded to me and pointed to a shelf at eye level. Inside a gallon-sized ziplock bag was a hand. Other remains (or what was left) of Brutus were sealed inside about a dozen bags in assorted sizes placed two shelves above the hand.
Sherlock is about to speak again when his infernal brother butts in.
The moment he turns on his mobile, he sees twelve new messages. They can’t be from Molly; she knows he’s safe, and he told her to tell Mrs. Hudson he was fine. She’d be fretting if he hadn’t told Molly to pass on the word to why he didn’t come home. Still, he's been gone much longer than expected.
Then John begins to take off his clothes. I sit and watch him unbutton his shirt, remove his undershirt, take down his jeans, and slip off his pants. No shame, no embarrassment. I can’t look away. He’s beautiful to me, my deepest fantasy. Faded tan and freckles from the sun define his chest, and the fine golden hairs shimmer. The scar on his shoulder is a badge of honor to me.
People. People were beneath. Some he probably met.
Thank you again to hotshoeagain for the feedback and beta!
Molly blushes again and laughs. Sherlock thinks he made the correct choice.
I am anxious to visit his family’s lab, but despite what he’s said, I am not certain if I would be welcome.
It’s all about trust (or lack of). Sherlock trusts John with his protection. He trusts John far too much in Moftiss’ world. John intentionally leapt off his end when Sherlock was at the highest point in the air. After Sherlock fell, John kicked Sherlock when he was on the ground. I hated that. I didn’t see it as something John would ever do. That’s why I inserted Eurus in this story as the one who pushed John off his end. But we can’t blame Eurus for all the harm done. I believe that most harm John inflicted was on Sherlock’s heart. He made him realize he had one then broke it by not acknowledging to Sherlock his love. Here the playground should become more than the work.
“That’s the key to the treasure chest.” She laughs. It’s the first time John’s heard her laugh. It reminds him of Sherlock’s.
He'd never misjudge Moriarty's need to destroy again.
John rubbed his chin. It was an interesting test, and John didn’t see any way in which Moriarty could turn it into some devious plot at mind control. It was almost laughable. He turned to the next page of notes.
Mary Morstan was a very dangerous woman.
Frankly, I wondered when writing this if there are even seesaws around on British playgrounds anymore. They’ve all but disappeared on school grounds in the United States. Why? They are  deemed dangerous. Aren’t the things we often enjoy that way? Seesaws (or teeter totters as we American’s call them) overwhelmingly had the highest rate of injuries on the playground. From 2009 to 2014 a study by the US Consumer Product Safety Commission found that 46 percent of all playground injuries came from that board that goes up and down. Swings and slides came in a far second and third at 12 and 11 percent respectively. Hence the removal of the seesaw from many school grounds.
“You are correct. I’m not,” Moran said with disgust. He slapped John again, harder.
“She’ll be peeved again that you’re seeing people outside of hospital again, John. You know she tells you to make them go to the clinic,” Mike says. “But I understand. I’ll invent some story as always.”
"Ah! Finally, a live person instead of my little brother's insufferable recorded message."
They leave the room and Mike pulls John aside by the arm. “Molls said she wanted me to tell her as soon as our mystery doctor became conscious. Do I?”
It’s unspoken that they’re staying. They eat, licking fingers with soft smiles and more red wine kisses with anticipation for what’s to come. They pack up quietly.
“He’s not a witness. He never worked for the pharmaceutical company,” Sherlock says, spinning around. “She killed him here, in this place, to make a point. To me. To the victim. She knew I would know.”
Why suggest this place to meet? This was no address just pulled from Sophy’s property acquisitions.
. What an apt choice of words.” Will points to his clothes laid out on a table near them. “It was not one of convenience although it’s meant to look as if it is. A woman, needs an escort home. A man willing to help. They leave together unnoticed. She slips the drug into his glove. Most likely a vial on her person. Says, ‘oh, but you dropped your glove.’ He puts it on. She know exactly where to walk, she’s planned it. She waits. She has him.”
wanted him.”
Sherlock Holmes. That’s why he would never call her.
John sighs and carefully picks his way down the dock. He climbs aboard the sun-bleached fiberglass deck and ducks under the awning. It's nice enough for a sail boat. He steps over a low wall around the cockpit and opens the main hatch to his new living quarters. The interior layout looks functional and, John notes, employs clever and economical use of space. It looks old but well-loved. He's surprised at the amount of headroom: Sherlock could easily stand in here.
Sherlock can’t help his lips quivering as John takes his hand and holds in tight. No one has ever affected him like this and no one ever will. It’s unsettling and reassuring all the once.
I hate you,
“I’m not sure. I could just—  tell.”
Sometimes words fail me, fail us both. I need him to speak. He holds my hand tighter as Rosie turns and smiles at us.
“I’m not. Her head hit the tree. Happens when you’re careless and step into a snare.”
Red velvet bows and an exceedingly large noble fir wreath welcome them as Sherlock stiffens his back and drops his own bag in front of the door, but before Sherlock can knock, it opens wide.
"She knew we were expected from the note. She looked down at the note and thought we had already left. Or at least she thought it for a second, until she didn't remember we'd come at all. She's left the kitchen by now."
There is no doubt: He is her son. The inflections in her voice remind him so much of Sherlock. She’s as uncomfortable and awkward, and John finds it endearing. And if he had any other doubts, there are the photos and oil paintings. Younger versions of Mrs. Holmes with her sons and husband adorn tables, walls, and the elegant Steinway. He steps closer to the grand piano to see the pictures displayed on top. The key cover is up, the bench is out and so is the sheet music. Chopin. It’s been played. He recalls how math and music go together. Her son gets his talent from her. Hands behind his back, he turns to the photos, all in gilded frames. The family. With Sherlock and his older brother, Mycroft. His father. A striking man. He sees Sherlock in him also. But that’s not why he believes. He notices a picture of them standing in front of another large estate.
John read that in the final stage, every subject would take the same memory test where they will answer questions related to what they remember about the presented stimuli, specifically, whether or not the man was holding a crowbar. The questions were still pending approval by Doyle.
Mycroft, who Sherlock notes, has been observing the entire exchange with interest finally speaks. “In the end, we hope to do what Mummy wanted, to clear our family name and find who opened Pandora’s box.”
“You’ve been thinking about what your Mum said.” That’s his John speaking, always helping him, keeping him right, showing him what it is to feel. “That for sometimes, for somethings, it’s best never to remember.”
"Oh, American crime boss. Yes. That would make consummate sense, but I don't want you risking your life."
says it's used more than you would while typing normal English, and anybody listening to you type your password knows when you reach for a number or the shift and when you use your dominant hand."
Who is this man?
He watched as his mom's and dad's fingers intertwined, and she moved into step with them in three-four time, partners in dance.
"Doctor, we're just talking," the woman, who is clearly a murderer and probably not a patient, says. "No need for a scene." She looks over John's shoulder and nods briefly. He glances around Eyebrows to see another tall man with a hand inside his jacket. Damn. "Come on, don't want you late for your shift," she says.
He was starting to rethink that too. Who was he kidding? It was
“So I thought,” Sherlock says.
While Will determined he’s not opposed to car rides, he acknowledges John may be a good doctor, but he is a horrible driver. Whatever this mini car is, it’s cramped and has absolutely no leg room, and Will’s head hits the ceiling with every bump in the road.
The sound of sneakers on the tile floor brought John’s head up. Mary returned holding two mugs in her hands. Her face brightened when she noticed that she’d caught John’s eyes.
A cold shower—that's what he needed. And time to think. Away from his number one distraction.
He's hard and leaking into his swim trunks, and doesn't give a damn about it. He doesn't care that Sherlock knows how hard he is for him. He wants him to know. He rubs against him, sending a shiver into Sherlock that John loves. I did that, he thinks.
However, when John digs in his heels, Sherlock has noted that John is near impossible to budge. In situations such as these, Sherlock has noted that only emotional appeals work on the man. Appeal to logic? Bah! But a logical fallacy to emotion? Pathos works almost every time on John Watson.
John changes into his oatmeal jumper and some worn, soft jeans and makes breakfast. Sherlock is ready to tell John between flipping eggs and making toast when he hears footfalls on the stairs along with the tap of a cane. Mycroft is early! Sherlock wants to ignore it, but John insists they answer the door. Blackbeard helps, greeting Mycroft with a hiss, then races down the stairs to Mrs. Hudson’s.
He's shown to his bunk in a dingy hole of an inside cabin with no windows or ventilation. It's hot, damp, and stinks of rank bedding and mildew.
….” I bounce in the chair, “and with a torch burning away at the rope, each thread popping one-by-one.”
John pulls Sherlock back away from the beach. "The landing strip?" John suggests.
Of course James would choose this. The guilt never left Sherlock. He still closed his eyes and saw Victor’s body floating, the water red with blood swirling around his head. It hadn’t mattered to James that Victor was only a fling. James wouldn’t share, and poor Victor paid for Sherlock’s lapse in judgement.
He's been with men a few times. He's sucked cock, bottomed, and topped. He's loved a man before. He'd even been open to the idea with Sherlock in the very beginning, but then Sherlock had told him unequivocally that he was married to his work.
Sophy frowns, then slowly the corners of her mouth begin to perk up.
“Skully Island,” Sherlock says.
“How do I know if you really have them?” he asks.
On contact, Sherlock stifles a noise in the back of his throat. He’s longed for John to touch him.
(See the end of the chapter for
I was wrong. The wicked grin played on the alpha's lips, revealing it all to me. He had read my mind and set out to erase that last shred. He ran his finger down the middle of my chest, my navel, to my flies, tracing my traitorous erect penis beneath.
"Oh, that." He covered my mouth with his.
The man changed his mind, just as Sherlock had, and moved deeper into the brush. Sherlock chewed his lip as he followed.
His heightened senses schooled his panic. There had been only a few times in Sherlock's life when he'd felt mind-numbing fear. He'd learned from each how to break free again. He'd learned from Moriarty, just as he'd learned that first time when he was eight, when he thought he'd lost his dog, Redbeard.
“Let’s hope they are Anthea’s. I can only shoot so many people at a time.” John gives a pained smile. “It’s good we’re almost home.” At least there’s that. He so much wanted to be home.
“Don’t play dumb. I heard you say it. You thought you were dying, so you said it. You already know how I feel. Although I really need to say it too. Let’s start with me, then to...the other supposed choice. First. You implied how you felt moments ago. We’ve been dancing around it. People say you can’t choose who you love, and maybe you can’t but you can choose who pursue a relationship with, who you spend your life with.”
I blink. “Me.” I hold my breath and wait for John. I force my hands to remain still.
be in love,” nurse Sarah says.
Instead I am the one to deny as my hands fly up in dismissal. “I’m no superhero …” I also believe his attire has nothing to do with the note. He was dressed for his niece's costume party, but I keep that to myself.
“Try me!” came Moriarty’s sing-songy voice from outside.
“You look, what do most men say at times like these? Fetching?”
It’s a perfect day. They’re on the far side of the island, sun warming their faces, where they rediscover the traces of the old walls on top of a forty-foot cliffs jumbled in richly colored reddish-brown rocks.
There wasn't much left for college.
“I can walk you home.”
“It helps me think.” Sherlock tenderly puts his violin back in its case.
“Also Verne, Melville and the like,” Sherlock says.
“I needed some sort of leverage. It’s the end result that matters. I’ve handed Mycroft to you now. Can I at least get off my knees, the floor is disgusting.”
Eyes link briefly again. The man has nowhere to go. Over a thirteen foot gap between building roofs. But the stranger winks at him, then turns and does the unspeakable. He sprints, arms swinging, head lowered, hips tall. He never falters. He jumps. He soars. John doesn’t hesitate. He dashes after him. Although the stranger clears it by almost a foot, he is not perfect. He slips and falls — the first indication John's seen that he might be merely human. John doesn’t slow. He can do this too! He’s just as as capable. His foot pushes off, and for one blinding moment, John thinks he’s made it. Too late he realizes he’s close, but no cigar. Fingertips latch desperately on to the edge. He struggles to pull himself up, but his shoulder hates him. It’s hated him for some time. It always talks down to him. It says “surrender.” It says “let go.” His right hand obeys its master. His shoulder says to his left hand, “you’ve got nothing left to live for. Set yourself free.”
As they eat, John asks, "Do you still want the map, then?"
“Sherlock fooled me once. He could fool me again. He’s brilliant. He could fool everyone.”
She also went into stolid detail about every piece of furniture. I couldn't imagine how she could ever sell tickets for a tour like this. I found it all fascinating, but Sherlock looked like he was asleep on his feet. He did manage to roll his eyes at me once or twice, but he gave no other signs of awakening until we reached our destination deep in the servants' wing: the main kitchens.
The three of them look at William's toes. Molly brings the light over to better show the scarring from needle tracks between them. “You’re right,” John says, looking more closely. “Don’t know how I missed that.”
“It can’t be,” I said.
"I met him in London two years ago. He is brilliant and..."
He wanted to know what it was like. Not just a blow job, but sex with a man. He wanted to know what it felt like. Did it hurt?
“I think Dr. Hooper
He feels Beca shift off the bed. She’s trapped. In a swirling haze in his mind he laughs at the irony. They’ll arrest her for the murder of Sherlock Holmes. At least there’s that. Case solved.
Two mammoth hands, reaching out, encasing his. He was gorgeous. Tall, lean. Strong features, sharp cheekbones. He was handsome in an odd sort of way. And he was British.
Most of it contains what Anthea had already told them, plus a bit more detail as to how he was going to manipulate the shooting. Mycroft's final words were to "be prepared to leave with Anthea."
"Yes, you will or I might have to replicate the Little Albert Experiment with you as the subject."
“Interesting, isn’t it?” she said, setting John’s coffee next to his hand resting near the folders.
“I’d like to loosen a few more for you,” John grumbles.
“I’d no need for a gun. I’d rather use my wits, and I’m not sure of my skills in its use, which leads me to believe I am not skilled. You, on the other hand, are an excellent marksman. I doubt I’ll be needing to improve anytime soon as long as you are with me.”
“Are you the great Sherlock Holmes?” he asks.
“John. You saved me too. You’re still saving me.”
“Their belief is misplaced. I failed. I was too late. I slipped into the labs, but Pandora was ready to be dispersed and shipped off. I came face to face with Ms. Sophy Kratides and some former members of Moriarty’s organization that night. I know someone tipped them off that I was coming. I may never know who. That matters little. What does matter? People are dead. That night Sherlock Holmes’ memory ends and Will’s begins. Will was born in an empty alley near the wharf. My amnesia was not dissociative as you supposed. It was clearly head trauma. I was hit in the head from behind. I never saw who did it.”
John sighs. He wants to pull his hair out, but he refuses to let go of Sherlock’s hand.
“Very well. But I do so love it. It’s like punching people in the face with words. Lying here in bed, it’s hard to pretend to like people.”
As he reaches the buildings, he’s hidden near the west side. Plenty of abandoned asphalt spilling out like a lake with grass breaking through in tiny islands. Easy to hide himself behind sheds and barrels— or anyone else for that matter. He watches for movement between two warehouse build only a few feet apart. He sees a few homeless people near burning barrels, warming their hands. A red scarf is tied around one of their wrists. A signal. Sophy is here.
He could get another espresso. Or go back to Barts.
Thank you to everyone who has been so patient waiting for the final chapters. You may have noticed that I added that there will be another chapter after this. You won't have to wait but a few days for it. It's all written. I had such a long chapter and decided to break it in two.
I’m afraid I can’t give too many details here since he’s sure to read this. Yes, I mean you, Sherlock. Basically, I’m saying that it was one of the best snogs of my life. But please Sherlock, don’t get your head too all blown up about it. On the merry-go-round in Primary, Little Cindy Lynn Schuster bested you.
John sighs. “I don’t generally hope you’re wrong, but I hope you are. I don’t understand why it’s necessary to lie to Greg. He’d keep the secret. I know you wanted Sophy to overhear it, but we could have told Greg.”
“Very well,” Mycroft says. “If we must.”
It’s almost dawn.
“Haven’t heard a word from her,” John lies. He looks up at Greg, who is squinting his eyes at John.
Sherlock jiggled the cord a few more times for good measure, then sat the phone back down on its cradle.
But John soon figured out that the showers emptied late at night. Last night he’d grabbed his wash cloth and towel. Herbal Essence shampoo. His soap. Not Palmolive or Dove; he liked manly soap, Irish Spring. Nothing like that fancy-schmancy stuff Sherlock had (of course John would be allergic to the expensive stuff!). He took his shower thinking on all the wet, hot bodies that were in there earlier, beat off thinking about them...and that one night not long ago.
Hotshoeagain did an awesome job beta'ing this. Any mistakes are mine since I couldn't leave it alone before publishing.
"And you know this how? Personal experience?"
“The attic or London?”
"I am sorry, Mr. Watson, if that is the way you feel. If you should change your mind, I am but a phone call away."
“I remember enough of my recent history that I am certain no such person exists.”
John sighed.
Then he thinks of what John would do.
“Time’s a-wastin!” James chimed out, tapping the pen. He turned, putting distance between them. “Your date with destiny is waiting. Push. The. Button.”
A new loud thud came from beneath the old floor planks with enough force to rattle the pans hanging on the kitchen wall above the stove.
Mycroft ignores the insult and walks to the door, stops, then turns. The end of the cat’s tail flicks back and forth, then he hisses. “Did you at least select a respectable name for the creature?”
“Any sign of Ms. Kratides?” John asks, thinking fast.
She tapped the pen a few more times before ripping off the note she wrote and handing it to John.
“What makes you say that.”
Sherlock's hands fumble for John's hands as his orgasm swells over him. Finding them, he twists their fingers together, his weight joined in their hands. A moment more, John feels his own body come apart in slow, sweet spasms.
John was getting a headache. He hated this. God knows he could use the money. The fact that Mycroft knew he was strapped was proof enough that Sherlock was right about Mycroft: he lived to be a puppeteer and pull strings, manipulating all those around him, including his own little brother.
“I see that you find Lestrade’s cold case files more to your liking.” John points at the coffee table.
“That couldn’t be helped.” Every time Sherlock bumped the cord, the phone crackled and cut in and out.
“Stay there and don’t move!” Moran barked at Sherlock when he tried to struggle up. “If you don’t, I’ll put a hole in the brilliant brain.”
"He works for next to nothing."
“Who is Lord Blackwood?” John asks.
“Eurus killed Mary so she could give me to you.”
“Just shut the fuck up, both of you.” Moran’s eyes turned briefly to the door where cold air whistled in. “All clear! Come in boss!” Moran hollered.
Mycroft and Sherlock take shots at each over sips of brandy as John takes swigs from his own snifter and admires the twelve foot Nordic spruce. It’s adorned with rainbow twinkle lights and old handmade ornaments from Mycroft and Sherlock’s childhood with a few that John suspects are Eurus’.
get a new roommate. He liked the work study, but he couldn’t work with Moriarty after this. As for moving, housing was hard to come by, especially that he could afford. He wondered how difficult it would be to find someone who needed a roommate? He supposed he could stop at Residential Housing and ask. Maybe he’d stop there after work study if he didn’t have to work late.
John was surprised to see that Sherlock looked horribly upset. "You should have told me immediately. I could have narrowed down what it is much sooner."
“You met Harry then?”
“Of course!” He smiles rakishly at John, then jerks his head to follow him up the fire escape, long arms and legs climbing. John climbs up behind, rung by rung.
It’s scary to be in love. Terrifying. You have to put faith and trust in someone else. It’s why he never wanted to fall again. But it’s too late. He fell in love with William. He is in love with Sherlock.
“As is missing Christmas in Devon. Mummy will be peeved I am not in attendance.”
“Him? He’s good for a toss or two, but he’s a terrible
Maybe his roommate was the obsessed madman that Moriarty told John about. Sherlock’s brother seemed to think the same. Was it Moriarty’s plan to put them in the same room together, not Sherlock’s design?
“Good. That’s good.”
Then I fell and Mary happened. From the start, he knew I, Sherlock Holmes, had a heart. He even thought I gave it away to Irene Adler. He still thinks this despite that I’ve told him the contrary.
"Sherlock?"
“Oh, but what a waste. You have remembered much more than you’ve let on, haven’t you, Sherlock? But I may need your help. That bothersome blog of Dr. Watson’s has damaged what progress we’ve made convincing people that they need our guidance,” she says, and points the gun down at John Watson. Sherlock keeps his face blank.
"Dammit, Sherlock!" I had to run to catch up with him again.
Sherlock pretends to look disinterested, but John knows better. The last few days working with Greg on cases has ignited a passion in Sherlock. John’s living room wall has once again become Sherlock’s pin board of clues.
He still needed more money to be able to stay at U of M. He still had headaches.
"Your note to your father stated that you had sold them along with other pieces to make ends meet. But none of this made sense to your father. He knew it wasn't true, but most of all, he knew that they weren't your own words. He decided to stay here with you, and caught you and your lover together."
“Over we go.”
It came with John to college, just as the spy glass had come with Sherlock.
“Step away from him or else…”
"It is personal," Sherlock said.
I balance there, holding on and holding very still, hoping that the weight of my upper body doesn’t drag me completely over the edge.
"But it was so much more dramatic," Sherlock says.
“I understand that the roads are deplorable, but are you intentionally aiming at every pothole in the road? For a man who’s worried about returning his friend’s car in one piece
Looking back, it was impossible for John not to respond. He was trained on the battlefield to save lives—it’s instinctive, yet he never lifted a finger, not even taking her pulse. I couldn’t say those words to him, but I didn’t have to. It was in his face.
Which makes Sherlock determined to make his captain climax. His hips hitch as his cock rocks into John’s arse.
. If Sophy Kratides isn’t responsible, she knows who is. She wants Sherlock to work for her. Although she will never trust him, she needs his talent desperately enough to take a chance and let him into her circle. Once there I have the utmost confidence that Sherlock will learn all he needs to set our world straight again.”
He chooses to ignore Mycroft instead.
“I do. And thank you, John. I read your blog.”
“Are you two really going to stand here argue about what to name the cat?” John asks.
"I see. He's told you—or his version." One long step and he stood looking down at John at the desk. His eyes uncanny, or just creepy. They left John chilled.
“Of course, dear.”
After watching it, John is convinced Sherlock has finally gone around the twist. Right before his wedding? Why would he even do it at all? He's actually topped faking his own death by abducting his best friend on the eve of his wedding. For what reason? To bloody save him from his own fiancée?
Will fingers the lock. “I could pick it,” he says. He really could. Someone has already tried. He picks up the very wire the would-be thief tried to use and discarded in the bushes next to the door. He carefully unbends it, kneels, and slips it into the keyhole, his eyes narrow in concentration as he twists and pivots the wire, then the lock clicks open.
My coffee mug tipped and spilled to the floor.
“Good.” She leans back and the chair makes that squishy noise again. “You got our note.”
He makes a grand entrance. He strides to the middle of the main dock floor.
Growing up, we lived near a lake surrounded by two ponds and a canal. Ducks lived all around, but the swans that lived near and raised their families became a deep interest to myself and my mom, especially after one day we went out to find the two dead along with one of the babies (they had five, so there were four left alone). We were beside ourselves trying to decide what to do, worried about the rest of the young ones. We didn't need to be. Almost immediately, they were adopted by two swans that just appeared: two male swans. How did they know? We're not sure. But they cared for them, loved and raised the young over the next months in our back pond. They even swam around with the babies on their backs. It was an amazing lesson for myself and my family. We never found out who killed the swans, but no one ever harmed any again.
"Your leg should be tender as well."
Sherlock's head turned toward the noise, eyes blinking rapidly. The banging continued from inside the walls and floor, and Sherlock seemed mesmerized by the commotion, eyes and gun following the sound. It moved along until Sherlock’s eyes rested back on John. He raised the gun slowly.
"I love you too."
John texts back.
During a dark, moonless night three days after that, Sherlock was there again. He didn't look to see who was there—he didn't have to. It was the man in the car next to his. Younger, fair-haired. Fit build. No questions. No strings. No complications.
“If you have to ask, you need to leave.” I raise an eyebrow and look at his scuffed black boots.
A rush of heat raced through the hand on his back, down his spine. His heart began to race again.
“No, you wouldn’t. But I don’t want any repeats of yesterday, so before you make any hasty decisions and go back out on to the streets, you should be a bit more knowledgeable about your condition. Which brings me to my suggestion or...more like offer: Our director, Beca Bellin, the woman you met this morning, approached me about offering you a job. Here. Considering your obvious medical training, we could use the help.”
It's a deal that's a slippery slope. I've fallen down that path before. I never would have taken it, but I was forced on that trail. It's a choice I never would have made, but my mind was compromised by a primitive drive reaching back hundreds of thousands of years. I never trusted Moriarty's actions, but at one time I did trust his words. For two years, he never gave me one reason to think otherwise. I thought to keep my family safe, but they were already gone. Just one lie upon an Everest of lies.
“She's growing so fast,” John says.
"We do have the proper sustenance," Sherlock adds, pointing to the ice cream. "We could survive here on love, sex, and twelve delectable flavours."
"I'm a pretty good shot myself, and good in a fight. I'm not an expert marksman, but frankly Sherlock, from what you've told me, that means it's not going to matter how far away I am from them. In fact, there's a reason for the expression 'keep your friends close, and your enemies closer."
He’s breathing hard through the mask. “Let go of me,” he shouts.
“We shall see.”
I wait for him to help me get my trousers over the cast. He kneels down in front me, tenderly slipping them over my foot. He looks up into my face. He begins to wrap my cast, making it water-tight.
“N-no you’re not Sherlock,” John said.
"I will use small words so that you will understand. I. Am. Hurt. I. Can't. Do. It."
"This isn't some Halloween trick?" I asked.
Looking at the concern shining down at him from John Watson’s eyes, Sherlock wants to experience sex. Lots of it. With John. That’s why when John tells Sherlock to “lie down,” it’s like a Pavlovian bell goes off that's connected to his penis.
Molly also told him that Helena wanted to know if he’d confided in her at all about “things.”
The man speaks into the phone, annoyance clear in his voice. “Sir, his name is Sherlock Holmes and he’s...yes.” He covertly pushes a button beneath the desk.
I really do need to clean them or no home-baked biscuits for me!
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "Do you have anything in here to eat?"
“The train station. We’re taking you to London. For Sherlock’s sake and his brother’s. This will work.”
,” Sherlock adds with disdain. “There's a comment from Mike. Along with others I have no idea who they are, the names are so obscure. Who would even call themselves ‘hugo_balls’?”
Just a breath was between their mouths.
Ah, he was right. This is about revenge. “The blog was a pile of romantic rubbish!” he begins. “I am no one’s savior. I made those suggestions to Lestrade for my own purposes. As for my past, I remember
John didn't mind picking up food now and then for his roommate. Sure, peanut butter and jelly was cheaper, but they couldn't live on that. And Sherlock “detested” Wonder Bread and “those slices of over-processed food you call American cheese.”
He wants to marry Mary. He does. But he needs some space. He shouldn't be resenting Sherlock for recognizing that.
"Do not shut the door," she parroted. "The note says that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes are trapped inside the walk-in cooler, and I must open the door. The door is open."
He did love the red and white gingham tablecloths with the yellow chickens embroidered on them and the barking dog napkin holders (the teeth were very realistic). Martha had taken to Sherlock from the very start. Sherlock liked her spirit and her no-nonsense attitude. It didn't matter how big or how dirty or how dumb the trucker was, with one wilting stare, they all cowered to Martha's will.
“Miss Hooper? She can stay.”
“At least you could escape,” John says and clasps his hands. “Despite all that she’s done to you, to us, Eurus is the one who is really trapped. Now that your sister can suddenly feel all that she’d done, all that she’d planned, all the pain, she understood. She’d discovered it.  And when she finally found it? It made her a prisoner in her own mind. Where she’s at must be like a hell, worse than drowning in a well. After what she’s done, how could a person who suddenly feels guilt and empathy ever climb out of such a deep pit?”
"Where is it?" John asked.
Sherlock decides to see what Lestrade is up to and sits on the couch with the laptop in his thighs. It’s too easy to hack into the Cardiff Central’s database. After this is all over, Sherlock will have to let Lestrade know where the weaknesses exist. Until then, Sherlock needs access.
John thinks, and not for the first time, that it’s not the best idea to chat up the hospital director. John likes to keep in mind that it’s helpful to know that she likes to model herself as some kind of business leader — complete with the catchphrases. He walked in on her the other day to find her irritated because she couldn't figure out a way to get everything on a list to start with a
be clean." His talented tongue licks the spoon. "I doubt some of those toys even fit into human bodies."
Irene steps closer to Mary, but it doesn't block the view of Mary's face. Sherlock's thumb moves from the corner of the recording.
"You are," John said. Not a question then. He knew or sought to determine that after what Sherlock had said regarding Molly.
"Captain Watson, please refrain from telling me what I should or shouldn't do. Must I gag you too?" As he admires John spread before him, he rubs his chin in thought. He leans down and begins to sniff and lick, starting between his thighs at his scrotum. He pushes John's legs farther apart and props his bum up with a pillow. With the tip of his tongue, he teases John's pucker. Quickly reduced to whimpers and moans, John melts into the mattress.
John’s mouth closed as he stared at the pen. Sherlock read the doubt and confusion in John’s eyes. The pen! Of course. He was using it in some way to try and manipulate John.
"Spoke too soon," John laughs as he steps on Sherlock's foot.
Not far beyond the reef, the ocean parts and water spurts up into the air. "Is that a...whale?" John gasps.
Sherlock stared at the remote.
“Sherlock. You make me right too.”
“Your friend! The Sherlock I knew had no friends.”
John holds back his laugh. While he wants an explanation, he loves how Sherlock is smirking. The cat meows, and Sherlock gives him an appreciative scratch on the head. Mycroft rolls his eyes.
“Come with me,” he says under his breath. “I might decide not to kill your partner.”
She pats the bed for John to sit down next to her again. His chest gets tight, his breath uneven. She’s going to ask. He slowly sits.
I blinked at Sherlock. A hand? That would account for the amount of blood.
"We have time. We're stranded on an island with just one bed," John grins. "Only the sea will tell."
“And I know you’ve asked yourself the same question, why here?” Sherlock waltzes down the aisles and throws his arms around, ranting with the bees and butterflies avoiding his space. “This is a place I frequented. The victim was also familiar with this oasis, hence the removal of shoes— which I’m sure by now you realize that the murder took with her. Do you know what this means, John? She has been watching me before I even met you. I felt it, but dismissed it as paranoia at the time. I was always careful, but there were moments. John! She wants me to know that she’s followed me! This is her message!”
. As is Professor Doyle and fifty-six million others who live in the United Kingdom. I fail to see how that's relevant," Sherlock said. "It is, however, most unusual that he of all people should run into to you."
-----------------
“A man-made oasis,” Sherlock seems to be saying to himself. “And she’s inviting me in.”
“I’ll see you then.”
“What?” Finally. He’s going to tell him the plan. All of it. But he doesn’t expand.
A few end notes on this chapter. The first is that there really was a
“No. Just something in my eyes,” John mumbled.
“Tears? From the great Sherlock Holmes? I’m disappointed!”
I don’t say a word. Not necessary.
to remember how his hips twitched for more, how John's hand soothed his back, how John's breath on his neck heated Sherlock's very soul. He had never experienced an orgasm that made him tingle or his toes curl that way. Never. He didn't want to tear that part of
“Mm.”
“I assure you, she’s safely secured and catatonic.”
I wanted to make a personal note on Zenterman’s Delicatessen. It was actually
“No, something like the stomach flu.” John giggled as he watched as she exaggeratedly pretended she was swirling a glass filled with alcohol. She tipped it up to her lips and pretended to guzzle it down.
“I feel as if I am in a bad action movie. Could you have at least procured a tank of piranhas that you could dangle me over.
He helps me out. My legs are more unsteady than when we got in. He’s drying us both off. I can’t even try to do it. I’m completely absorbed in the moment. John begins drying my hair, his fingers vigorously rubbing my scalp through the towel. It feels heavenly, and I have to bite back a moan when John stops.
He can't sleep and it seems as though neither can Sherlock. John tumbles out of his empty berth. Through the hatch he sees Sherlock sitting on the foredeck in the moonlight. His knees are drawn up, and he's hugging them into his chest.
"As for connections to James Moriarty, he and Moran did not—as Americans say—run in the same circles. Moriarty, as you well know, is an Oxford man and Moran, while highly intelligent, has had no formal college education. The only link my men have found between them was a meeting last August at Trafalgar Square. I have a few innocuous photos taken of it. Moran was rather dashing in uniform. Moriarty flitted about him in his usual manic state like a bee buzzing around a flower."
"Hey! Sherlock!" John waved his hands in front of his face.
Both are being prats, John thinks as he adjusts his hat. The bell jingle-jangling at the end his is a tad annoying.
“John and your suspect will go to Cardiff Royal. I assured Mycroft that you will keep Ms Kratides under close inspection although expect him to have a few of his own men watching her as well.”
His thumb is brushing against my knuckle.
Shelley was correct. With the press of John’s mouth, my “soul burns” with his kiss. Our “breath intermixes,” our “veins beat together,” my “inmost cells boil.”
“Do you think I could use your bathroom first?” he asks. The red eyes beneath the mask reveal another reason why they’re watering.
“I needed to talk to you. In private.”
John stares at Mycroft. Even now he is trying to manipulate his brother with puzzles and pirates and chemistry.
"A bit over-kill, wouldn't you say?" He'd giggled at the corpse and its condition. "A botched magic trick, a bit of Abracadabra gone wrong. Oops, my hand slipped with the saw!"
“The scene of the crime would give them away,” John says. It’s not the killer’s name, but it’s closer than Lestrade has gotten to the truth. This is the third victim in the last month. Molly holds the gloves up in front of her and Sherlock and gingerly wafts the air toward them. "Ooh, bit eggy?"
But I know the spell. My heart pounds as I slide down the ladder, calling on the three primes. I draw a circle in blood, my blood for the seal.
“I can make it,” he said.
“That’s putting it mildly.”
“Yes, until then, there is something you must do. Someone you must see and give a message to.”
Markham’s eyes open wide. John is grinning at my deductions. His eyes sparkle in approval, which makes me propel myself around more and wave my arms dramatically.
Will willingly allows John to examine him before sending him off to Molly for his first day in the morgue.
“I understand that, John. But this is necessary. I’m creating tension in Lestrade’s department to make my move that will
John shut his eyes tightly, his face buried in the fabric of the man’s shirt as he rubbed his back. John thought of spring flowers. Maybe it was his shirt or cologne. Or maybe it was his shampoo. It reminded him of being six-years old and carefree, playing in his mom's garden. Days later, despite wanting to wipe out the memory of this night deep in the bushes, John wouldn't forget those flowers and the way he felt.
"There's plenty who've nobody left to look for them. You know that."
"I see you didn't require my consent to undress me."
I realize then that he is crying and I am crying.
Sherlock takes another spoonful of ice cream into his mouth. A smear of chocolate caramel lingers on his lip, and he licks it off. "Will you drop the sex toys!"
“Yours is still damp— at least on the outside.”
"You're telling me you've used it since you've been here with me?"
tell.
He picked up his leather briefcase. "I'm fine. Not a scratch. And you?"
John Watson did seem more intelligent than the average American college student. He had an excellent understanding of decomposition, which he began to rattle off to Sherlock non-stop for over twenty minutes.
“It hurts, but it’s not bad. It’s not as if I’ve never had a concussion before.”
Since then, Sherlock spent hours in his mind palace determining why he let James fuck him. He knew the psychological reasons why he might accept being drugged, disrobed, and handcuffed to bedposts. In the end, it happened.
John's heart hammered in his chest as he watched Sherlock shuffle up to the aluminum table and reached for John’s Colt. With the gun in hand, he turned and faced John. His face remained a stony mask. He raised the gun and pointed it in John’s direction.
"Yes. I know. Unlike her memory, the freezer is working fine."
John met me and embraced the living on the edge, but he also wasn’t put off that I kept hands and hearts in the freezer. He wasn’t surprised that I deleted the solar system. He looked at my eccentricities as acceptable, but he never called me a freak. He knew how it hurt me and never tolerated anyone labeling me as such.
I’ve completely let go of him, and he manages to stand. He looks nothing like a bat. He’s bouncing up and down from one leg to another on the steps. Bats do
”On the bed," Sherlock says, his hand slowing as he follows John and spreads himself next to him, pushing one of the pillows aside to make more room.
“You should read the comments.”
Sherlock hated being stuck in the cabin, but at least he wasn’t far from John.
Sherlock scoots onto the bed beside him. His lips part as he carefully pulls up the corner of a piece of tape with his fingers. He even has freckles on his lips, John realizes as he watches Sherlock's teeth nip them in concentration. His long fingers are freckled. They gently tug the tape that sticks to the fine hairs on John's leg.
Slow, controlled, yet personal, Anthea leans into him, meets his eyes. At least the first class seats are comfortable.
John’s face feels hot and his heart beats faster. “I don’t know…”
He uses a boolean search, googling “Sherlock Holmes” and “James Moriarty” together. Ahh. Success. Several tabloids drop his name in conjunction with Moriarty’s investigation, but that is all.
John stops just above us on the stairs.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then it’s still an undetermined death,” Sister Katherine frowns.
The wool hat and mittens his mom had knit itched, but they kept his ears and hands warm. The snow was coming down in big, wet flakes.
After the foundry closed, his dad took a job with the county. For three years he plowed snow off the roads in winter and, in the summer, worked in maintenance, mowing the city's park lawns.
Sherlock nods.
"To make it more...interesting. It's a challenge. Hot with cold," he says, swiping the spoon from Sherlock and taking a scoop of his ice cream.
But Eurus wanted to know, to understand. She wanted to know about love.
Sherlock sighs. “I has begun to grow on me.”
You fucking bastard,
The next morning Sherlock takes his time before meeting Sophy. As he sits in the dining room with his morning coffee, she comes in to join him dressed is camel ruched-sleeve blazer and brown slim-leg trousers. She takes no time at all to jump in headfirst.
He no longer has me in his grip, and I slide to the right along the wall to increase the distance between us.
“We need to keep this to ourselves,” John says. “No one but you would ever believe this. Mycroft already thinks you’ve gone off your nut inviting a homeless man to move in with you. I am surprised he hasn’t kidnapped me yet.”
A warmth crept into Sherlock's chest and spread throughout his body. He felt, what was it that he felt. He recalled how Moriarty had once called Sherlock his soulmate. The man had been highly mistaken. No. Here sitting in front of Sherlock was his true soulmate: an unobtrusive, aspiring doctor with a charming smile and brilliant blue eyes, who would walk unafraid next to him.
"The walls have eyes and ears, and my reach is far."
“Oh, yeah, sure, I'm great,” John says. “We're here together. Look at us. It's all great.”
“Sounds good.”
“I thought the objective was not go announcing it to the entire hospital,” John says, shaking his head as William winces. He always was shit at getting IVs started.
"So, it could be anybody."
John imagines what it would be like to get back part of his family— he’d be a blubbering mess too.
He pours John’s coffee and carries it to the bedroom.
John reflects
He worried about John constantly. Sherlock’s only connection to the outside world to find out was a twenty-year-old black telephone with a frayed cord.
I’d try to roll my eyes, but it hurts too damn much.
He bought the Pastrami Special and walked straight home, watching his back, expecting to be followed. He wondered if this paranoia was deserved or not.
"I shot him. In front of witnesses. It was the only real solution. No more secrets inside his head. I wiped his hard drive. It wasn't really my fault that he couldn't survive the deletion."
As his eyes open heavily, the room seems awash in dark holes and dead zones. His stomach roils. His hands shake, and he can’t stop them.
Molly was right. This place was incredible.
They both stood and Mary knelt down to put the files under the desk in a tray.
I sigh and decide to begin with simple confirmations. “I believe I can save time and tell you what you planned to say to me.” I look down at him. I also hear John just outside the door. He’s not hiding the fact that he’s listening in.
"I can promise you that today won't happen again."
“He’s exceptional at this job and although some of the staff think he’s a bit of an arse,” Beca tells Anthea. “I like him though. He brings what’s wrong in this world to our attention.”
“No, you should feed Blackbeard and check on Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says. “But I would like you to stay a bit longer.”
"We don't."
“I think that’s hardly necessary. I’m on your side,” Sherlock says, but does as he's asked.
. While he was trying to resume breathing, Molly handed him one of her pens. John leaned back and opened his notebook.
"Comprehension, deconstruction, reconstruction," I say. "And I can transmute without a circle—better with one though."
Maybe there are angels who make certain that all the light never escapes.
Sherlock slows so that John can keep up, and they halt at the end of the airstrip to stare out at the bright marine blue. In the distance, the whale continues to splash and dive.
the trash bags!" Sherlock said, rolling his eyes.
When his dad did come home for dinner, he shoveled the cold dinner in as he watched some stupid crime drama on TV.
“You’re saying that the boyfriend has her daughter?”
“I didn’t think you do it!” she says ecstatically. “Forget Cardiff! We will rule the world together you and I!”
“Tell Mr. Crenshaw I’ve come to interview for the lab tech position. I don’t see why an interview is even necessary. I’m obviously the most qualified.”
“I believe you said ‘one more question.’ That was another.”
“She’s dead,” I say. “Mary thought the gun held blanks.”
The driver sighs and reaches back to grab Sherlock’s finger— most likely in an effort to break it.
Sherlock blushes. John wouldn't have thought it possible to discern underneath that sunburn. Could Sherlock actually feel something romantic for him? John has wondered this on more than one occasion. Friends have certainly have suggested it over the years. But if he does care about John, why not just tell him? Sherlock has never seemed one to balk at rejection. Not like John.
So what if they didn't exchange small town stories about Grass Lake, or big city stories about London? Instead they drank warm Cokes and ate Pringles out of the can. Sherlock called them "crisps." Weird.
Sherlock nods to a box left beside the door with the protective coverings to slip over their shoes left for those who visit.
John clamped his mouth shut with his shaking hand, aching as he tried to swallow each hiccup down. So nervous. He dropped the pen. It rolled away underneath the door. It was just a cheap leaky pen. No need to pick it up. As he turned to go, he took one last look at his scrawl:
I understand why she withdrew. I have done it myself—in an effort to think or escape. Brain scans reveal that her mind is active, but greatly altered from its previous state. Weeks before during my time with her, parts of her brain came alive. The orbital cortex, where ethical behavior, impulse control, and moral decision-making reside, started to light up. Now, it was asleep along with most of her mind. Mycroft and her doctors suggested that these new feelings may have been why. Feeling proved too much. She could not reject or overlook it. Cognitive dissonance could never happen in her mind. If she was able to feel pain, pleasure, or love, her past actions became a tsunami she could no longer ignore.
"I promise I will explain everything, John, but you really need rest more right now."
John’s eyes fastened on Mary’s pen. Doubt filled him. Sherlock didn’t do this to him, did he? John’s mind wasn’t clear, but he couldn’t believe it. He supposed either way death would happen so fast that he wouldn’t feel much, but he didn’t relish the thought of being blown into tiny bits or getting his brains splattered all over the lockers.
I hate hospitals. John insisted that I had my head seen to and my ankle properly set. I let John pick the gravel out of my left hand. Any reason for him to touch me. I’d rather it was him that sewed me up and put the five stitches in the back of my head. His skilled fingers were far more preferable. John promised to watch me closely for head trauma. No pins for my ankle, but a cast. I also left with antibiotics for drinking a good portion of the Thames.
They watch the rest, then kiss as Sherlock searches the internet. He finds falsehoods and little evidence. All between quick gropes and burning lips. Investigating was never so stimulating! When John sends Sherlock off to bed, Sherlock is hard and needy, but he doesn’t ask for more. Not until John’s ready to give it.
“Molly, Beca, that
Opening the bag wider, Sherlock pulled out his potato chips and sandwich. Before he unwrapped it from the wax paper, he sniffed it skeptically.
Sherlock recalled how easily the branches had been snapped in half from the force exerted by the jaws. Even a human with heavy boots stepping into the trap would hurt, and it would certainly slow someone down. The whistling of the kettle brought Sherlock out of his thoughts. Sherlock set the trap on the floor and got up to make the tea.
"It's been...enlightening," John says, kissing the freckle on the tip of his nose. "But as for returning to the way it was before, I want what we have now. This." He says waving between them.
Sherlock agrees. The cat already found the perfect warm spot to sleep curled up behind Sherlock’s knees. John is suddenly so, so tired. Sherlocks rolls over so John can lie down beside him, and John wonders if it’s an invitation.
<New Entry>
—————————-
"That would be the place. It's dark. After hours, I suppose," Moriarty said to Sherlock. He nodded to Anderson. "I would think that you might pick up that little crime kit of yours and do something productive."
“I won’t be far behind,” he says as Sherlock begins to walk off.
My hands fumbled around the door until I found the handle. I gave it two solid pushes, then two more, but it wouldn't budge. My next move was to get a small running start and hurl my body against the bloody door while shouting obscenities.
What lewd and libidinous acts he could preform with that mouth. All Sherlock need was return to that rest area in his mind palace and feel the burn and stretch of that night.
"I don't believe you just won at solitaire...er
John's grandfather's WWI tags were in a box in the bottom of his dresser.
“The book.
He's almost sure enough to believe it's safe to swim in the lagoon after the tides fall, since the sharks and stingrays seem to stick to the inlets during high tide. He longs to swim with the green sea turtles and yellow goatfish. He read in one of the books that people often swim in lagoons. He wishes he had some snorkeling gear.
Nothing else.
Faint marks on his neck, yet the chart indicates that this was a heart attack at his workplace, not a victim from a crime scene.
"Rape me? No. I agreed, agreed to it all. But that isn't why I'm concerned for your safety. Just telling you this, it puts you at risk. He's, well, murdered people. He's actually what you'd call a serial killer. He rather enjoys it all."
If it was Moriarty, John could understand Sherlock’s reaction when they first met, and why Sherlock wasn’t forthcoming. It’s not like you shake hands with your new roommate, then blurt out: “Hey, you know that anonymous fuck at Rest Area 818? Surprise! It’s me.”
“Can I speak to the person in charge of this shift?” he asked in his best midwestern  American diction. The damn cord jiggled and static crackled.
Will waltzes up to her and bows, then kisses her hand and Mrs. Hudson giggles. “That was unexpected,” she says, winking. “My you are dashing. Such a looker! You’ve picked a good one, John.” She turns to Will. “There's another room upstairs, if you'll be needing it.”
“It depends what your definition of power is,” Mycroft says. “Businesses and property has changed into the hands of a select few. Your freedom is an illusion. Sometimes power rests on a grander plane of reality.”
"John?"
“And you are a double chocolate caramel mess,” Sherlock says as he finishes releasing John. “Now that you’re out of those satin love cords, let's move along to part two. On to the shower!”
After they’ve “visited the neighbors,” they decide to take off for 221b. John gives Sherlock his meds first and watches the man swallow them down with a bottle of water.
“He wasn’t always rubbish at being a big brother,” Sherlock says as they both look down.
Most of the street lights stand like old, blind sentinels while a few flicker, guarding nearly vacant streets. At night the roads are lonely but during the day, it’s not unusual for cars or lorries to pass.
Sherlock chewed his lip.
"The things I do for your brother," she says, raising an eyebrow. "No signal anywhere."
"He wasn't. Sherlock told me the class was a waste of his time. He only plans on going to labs and taking the midterm and final."
I peer through the opening into a magnificent cavern. A complex transmutation circle is drawn on the cave floor in blood. High above it an orb of blue fire and ice spins, casting long shadows that dance against the damp walls and floor. Distorted silhouettes of Zosimos of Panopolis, Maria the Jewess, Edward of Elrich, Merlin the Magician flood the cavern. All Omegas of inner power, all omegas who hide from the world as Alphas.
No, he'd never lifted a hand to his mom, and no, he'd never said one mean word. But she was no longer there to him. To John, his father's apathy and neglect were far worse than any overt domestic violence. It was never the same after that night. He was more drunk than sober. All the time.
Two blocks from the flat, their shadows step out into the light. The one behind moves faster while the one ahead slows. Another appears from inside of a building to the left and moves in. They’re being boxed in. Sherlock nods and John reaches carefully behind him for his Sig Sauer.
“What did you say?” I asked.
“I see you've been very busy,” she says. “And you’ve made yourself at home.” She stares at the collage of papers and notes pinned to the wall, surrounding a map of Cardiff. She steps closer and points to one of the many red circles drawn on the map linked neatly together in a chain. “And you know where Lord Blackwood is.” She pokes her finger at the circle with a star in the center.
Magic doctor hands slip down his arse. Sherlock’s breath hitches in anticipation. They thrust together. It’s perfection. John gasps and clenches.
He sighs and decides he could do with a walk in the park instead. That will clear his head and then he can head back into the fray.
He’s also taken John’s laptop and is leisurely surfing the web. “I’ll thank you to take your hands off that,” John says. All he can think about was his blog and if Will read it. Not that it mattered, but he’d rather not have all his personal thoughts exposed.
came the startled voice back.
John turns to Mike. “He’s been having terrible pains,” John explains. “I checked him just yesterday.”
I couldn’t help myself with the parallels between Sherlock and George Gershwin (and hotshoeagain thought I needed to add a bit to it). While there’s always been speculation about George Gershwin’s sexual orientation, friends of George Gershwin's have come out to stating George was gay. At that time lavender marriages, as they were called, were so common in Hollywood that many stars found themselves tied together in loveless marriages (Rudolph Valentino and actress Jean Acker for one). Studios tailored their stars’ images and the press helped guard the secrets. Although Gershwin wasn’t an actor, he was in the public eye.
“What! You’re insinuating the most honest person I know is...not honest? How will that get Sophy on your side?”
The place that Sophy thinks she chose for their meeting, or more like Mycroft knew she’d choose, Sherlock knows little about. He’s curious how Mycroft knew she’d select the South Warehouse District. At first Sherlock thought it was because some of the buildings were part of Sophy’s anonymous property holdings, but she has many of those, and there is nothing advantageous about the district’s location except it’s off the Central Link. It’s certainly not a place Sherlock would have ever considered— he’s only passed near it on few other occasions.
She smiles back. “I’m glad my son found someone who cares like you. He’s had so much trouble in his life, so much pain. To understand, as his doctor and friend, I need to reveal to you a family secret. Not really so secret. It’s just been touchy.”
After Rodrick leaves, I struggle again to open my eyes without success. I do, however, manage to mumble thanks to him.
“I welcome it, but I must make a few suggestions. No locking me up this time.”
John tosses them at Sherlock, who snatches them out of the air, holds them taut between his hands, then crack! snaps them together.
Sherlock gives a wicked smile as unbuttons his shirt and steps nearer.
John didn’t like her much. She had aimed a gun at them both, but that didn’t mean he wanted her dead.
His friend could be correct— this mystery man has been unconscious far too long. John has seen head injuries far less severe that left the victims brain dead. Yet there’s plenty of brain activity going on. As Mike turns to leave, John notices sheets at the end of the bed move and his long toes peeking out stretch.
“He’s really handsome,” Mary said. “But you’re right, he is a big jerk.” She pulled her scarf over her head. “I know you don’t want to put off talking to him, but you really should come up and get warm. It’s starting to sleet.”
Vic belly-smacked into the water, drenching John. Time to stand up and dive in himself.
John also didn't need or want another lecture from Molly on making sure Sherlock got enough sustenance. Until today, he'd walked by the deli almost everyday, but there was always a long line. As John stopped and looked through the window, only three customers waited.
"Why, murder, of course," he smiled.
He’d love to give William reassurances about his memory, but it’s too soon and too tricky to predict. He needs more information, and it seems this William Hawkins has no answers— at least none that he can give.
, he thought. He was beginning to enjoy the walks. He could observe rabbits, squirrels, and deer, and only yesterday he’d spotted a fox.
(See the end of the chapter for
I sit forward in my chair and close my eyes.
“Say it,” Sherlock says.
horrific. Not to me. In the vision, I’m... excited, inspired. I circle around and around the body, inspecting it and the room. The locked room.”
Sherlock shook his head and winked at John.
“You bloody fool,” he answers between his own gasps. He’s cupping my head and chin, guiding me as he swims to the dock. I hear shouting, but it’s John’s voice I hear. “I’ve got you,” he says. And he does. His arms that pull me on the dock.
“I didn’t realize,” I blurt out. “My automail. Where is it?”
As we walked back out across the moors, I could hear the helicopter returning. How ever does Mycroft know these things?
The man eyes flutter shut as he presses his lips tightly together in concentration. “Fear triggered in my amygdala, releasing stress hormones to my sympathetic nervous system. My hippocampus and the frontal cortex processed this contextual information, while my inhibitory pathways dampened the amygdala fear response. My brain functioned efficiently.” He opens his eyes and looks on at John frankly.
*Thank you to Chriscalledmesweetie for Blackbeard’s name and this tagline!
Bows and kisses to all who suggested names for Sherlock’s cat! Thanks to all of you for making the choice so difficult, and thanks to chriscalledmesweetie for giving him the perfect name, Blackbeard.
John had to be the man of the house now. He had to take care of his mom and his sister. John vowed he'd never treat anyone like his dad had treated his mom.
“You mean genetically?” John asks. “That’s what you’re getting at? I read a study about genius genomes once. It’s been years. What are you suggesting?”
They’re met by an older gentleman, who opens his door. Bows politely. Sherlock follows, legs a bit shaky. He doubts nosing around will uncover much about Helena Smith. This place holds no past or real meaning for her. It’s just somewhere to hold out. Still, he will investigate. Observe. He must learn more.
It’s nice having Sherlock back in the other room puttering about even if his chemistry experiment did fill the flat in a cloud of smoke and ash an hour ago. Mrs. Hudson is still grumbling on about it.
“How’s your head?” John asks.
I found the truth in my studies through my books, my science, and my obsession: alchemy. I wanted to become an alchemist. I scoured shops for supplies and books to learn all I could. I read every scrap I found. At ten years old, I performed my first transmutation: a simple fire into water. All the while, my family encouraged me.
“Most people just knock, but you’re not most people,” Sherlock said, still not taking his eyes off the slide. “I could ask you what you hope to accomplish, but we both know the answer. It won’t work.”
“I need a bit of help. A mission for you. It’s simple, but not without danger.” She hands him one of the folders, but as Sherlock reaches out and grasps it, she doesn’t let go. “It’s outlined here. Read it. Thoroughly.”
So, not Dean Koontz. Gothic novel it is, then.
Thank you for coming and reading our latest chapter! We changed a few things up, developed dialogue more.
"Don't be long," Sherlock said as his goodbye.
That explained the odd looks all afternoon. He can’t live like the look of disgust on people’s faces. It reminds him of something he can’t remember. It’s almost there in his mind. People who hate him. People who are disgusted by him. People who go out of their way to not be near him.
“I have no loyalty to him," Sherlock says. "From what I’ve learned, I never had any loyalty toward anyone. He may be my brother, but he is no one to me, just as this man on the floor is no one.”
With those words, Sherlock glows inside. He’s filled with something he can’t place. It’s like he’s never felt it before. How would he know that? “Thank you, John.”
A disheveled Molly opens the door and stops, staring at John and William. “It would have been nice if you let me know!” she says.
“True, there is more greed, and that’s all the more reason to share this with you. Yes, there’s the need and necessity, but it’s our duty to share knowledge if we want change and betterment of our society. While I’ve always been one to share, members of our board, including some of my family, felt otherwise. It took the Upheaval to shift their mindset. That time has passed, and we need to put aside our differences. I am very interested in your perspective on our work.”
An exaggerated sigh escapes Sherlock's lips. "We could pretend that we're being held captive on the island against our will and threatened with hideous tortures like watching Mycroft eat multiple ten course meals," Sherlock says. He tiredly takes a large spoonful of double chocolate-caramel ice cream and shovels it into his mouth.
What little I can see of his round face is beet red, and his mask is soaked with sweat that’s burning his eyes. He tries to sit up, and speaks so fast that his words slur together.
"And it seems that we have our own
This Martha's Truck Stop and the people who worked here were fascinating. The red and white vertically-striped painted exterior was hideous. Fortunately, the door to the establishment pushed open—Sherlock would never touch a door handle like this, that was covered in gas, oil, and, most probably, grime from hands that hadn't been washed in weeks.
There’s still no answer.
“Before
I struggle to open my eyes again. I simply can't lift my head. I hear myself moan. It’s a effort, but I manage to shake my head.
“You’ve been shot in the side,” Sherlock says, putting pressure on the wound. He looks up to see Winston standing next to Lestrade.
“Do you always answer questions like that?” John asks.
"It's only a name. My name is Sherlock Holmes. Your name is John Watson. A name is of little consequence. It serves merely as a label."
"We most certainly will not be. I estimate she will find the note in less than two hours. Maybe sooner, depending on how tiring today was for her."
She had to have been waiting for him. That was rather sweet.
I gave up trying to make any sense of it and just sat back and enjoyed the rest of the ride. It was late afternoon and a rare clear day that revealed Big Ben, the Tower of London, and busy streets below in glorious clarity. We headed east with the sun behind us.
Well, that was confirmed then. His roommate must be gay.
Sherlock is about to step away when John lightly grasps Sherlock’s wrist and slowly raises from his seat.
His mum laughs. “Oh, Sherlock, you do remember Sully Island!”
----------------------
The lengths this Anthea has gone to prove to him that she was Mycroft’s personal assistant appeases John. Proof that she’s true while Sophy Kratides is false. He’s weighted the two. With Anthea, her motives seem clear: to protect God, Country, AND the Holmes brothers. With Sophy? It’s about some past grief or grudge. And herself.
“First take off those ridiculous antlers,” John smirks.
Sophy's voice sounds off. On the battlefield John trusted his intuition, and it saved his arse more than once. He thinks he needs to trust it now.
"Yes, goodbye," he answers what he assumes are their farewell good wishes. He feels a bit of relief to have no "minders" any longer.
“Do you know how often he touches you? He hugged you! Twice! He punched you in the arm,” Sherlock says quickly.
“Hundreds.”
“Shh,” Sherlock says. “You’re perfect.”
John is climbing on and off the chair again. Stepping up. My god in heaven. I give myself away by gaping at him.
“Sherlock! What’s wrong!” John rolls off of Sherlock on to his side.
“I not entirely certain, but I assume the same things that I want him
“But I need to speak to you. In private.”
"Sadly, this was no magic trick gone wrong," Moriarty continued. "Her torso was severed shortly after death with a large, industrial saw. The time of death was within the last hour. The genitals were mutilated after death. Perfectly ghastly."
Long fingers, careful and exploring, play him instead of the violin. His unconventional grasp, unravel him. He thrusts to the rhythm Sherlock’s created. It’s the hottest hand job he’s ever had. He comes moaning into Sherlock’s mouth. After lips part,  John looks down at those lovely hands coated in him. He’s marked Sherlock. He reaches between Sherlock’s legs. He’s just as hard, he pulls Sherlock up to his feet, mouths reconnect, then he looks into Sherlock’s eyes for permission.
“I’ve found over the course of my life that sometimes it’s best to never remember.”
“Ta," he says, taking a sip, "you are an angel.”
“And I went to war because I wanted excitement.”
Here’s the new chapter with some background John and Sherlock with a touch of voyeuristic indulgence on Sherlock’s part. Thank you to Recently Folded who continues to push me to strengthen my stories.
“A fatal flaw.”
...was always picking up something odd then like Crocodile burgers and Kiwi berries. The odd stuff now is usually produce that's gone a bit off. But back to my day. I was checking the eggs when Molly yelled. On the way to Tesco, she’d been telling us more details about the fake doctor, talking about almost nothing else. I told them I was certain the thief and this imposter must be one and the same. They pointed out I didn't have any proof. Which is also what Beca Bellin said, and was true, but I hadn't caught the thief yet. I was determined to catch this, guy, though. Which, considering that I was walking with a cane and he wasn't, shows that maybe I was a bit beyond reason at that moment.
"You said you'd had him followed. How did you not know he was in the United States."
“Oi! It wasn’t that dirty!” John says.
“I will release you, but you must reveal the accounts where the money is hidden,” I say. “The unsavory group you’ve found yourself aligned with most likely would have found you and silenced you no matter what the outcome. You are most fortunate in that regard. As we speak, the men who abducted you have been secured.”
Mouth to mouth resuscitation has never felt so good.
John listens to the conversation Sherlock’s having with the people at the front desk of the tower. He’s about to get himself thrown out when he’s on the move again. He’s going out of the building and around to the back into an adjoining shop of some sort.
He leaves, taking the elevator to one of the lower floors, gets out and then continues down through the stairwell. Sophy knows he’s on camera. The front desk already called security on him. He hears people moving all around. Searching. His fingerprints are everywhere thanks to no gloves.
His textbook was open to chapter three on inorganic molecules, but John's eyes weren't tracking down the page. Instead, he stared at the middle of that page, his right hand clutching the bedspread and his foot bobbing nervously. His behavior was out of character. John always greeted him, even if it was just a grunt or wave.
“She’s the other reason why I believe she hates Mycroft. She lost her love to Pandora, and she blames my brother for not stopping it.”
“I wonder if a lot of what happened was because of you and your machinations,” John says.
Sherlock adjusts the pillow under John's arse, winks at John and takes an open-mouthed taste of John's aching cock. Once done, he sits back, tipping his head to the side.
But John's most prized memory was of his eighth birthday: the day his dad took him to work.
He sat there wondering how the day had turned raw and skinned up like his knuckles.
"Okay, if you're such an expert on murders, where's the rest of her?" Anderson challenged.
“Lord Henry Blackwood does not work that way. He would take credit for it and gloat about it. No.”
“No, and I am not going to. Yet.” I begin. “You want my help out of this mess you are in. My brother is not someone you want questioning you. You have little to worry about from me. He brought you back because he knew you were harmless, but he said you hold information needed to end this expediently, and I don’t mean the note. He knew I would get said information more readily than he would.”
“Not insulting. Stating facts,” Sherlock says. “Since I’ve come into your life, your stories are much more colorful. I added a bit of excitement.”
“Frustrated you couldn’t find them? That’s because they were never here. But I’ll give you all the records pertaining to the our pharma operations.”
Sherlock gives John a crooked grin.
“It’s boring at hospital.”
John stepped inside. The bell rang at the door as he entered, and the prices were plastered over-head above and the deli-cases. The place sparkled and the two of the customers who had been in line waiting, walked past him, so the service must be fast, but it was the heavenly aroma and the refrigerated glass display case filled with mouth-watering thinly sliced meats and assorted cheeses, that made John realize that the long lines were there for a reason.
Sherlock said he would think about it. He did. But his soul was not something Sherlock was willing to part with.
“He’s en route somewhere,” Anthea says. “Moving toward Cardiff Bay.”
Technology and real life slowed us down, but we're on track AND ready to present to you John's POV-- a man who's worried about his new found friend, Sherlock, and illustrates the lengths he'll go to help him. Two mutual pats on the back for this chapter!
I stepped in front of him, blocking his way.
? How old were you when you read that? Five?" John asked.
When he lived on the streets, Sherlock hid and just survived and learned to avoid open spaces and move in shadow— only desperation took him near the docks. Tonight, desperation of a different sort drives him there.
it away since there was nothing
"He said you're the one obsessed." John tried his best to keep any hint of judgment out of his voice.
. John's heart might beat faster with the knowledge that Sherlock knew.
“Oh, but he did. James ordered him to do it. Sherlock must prove that he is loyal. You are the test. All he has to do is push the button.”
He woke with his head pounding and found his arms straining over his head, his wrists handcuffed to the James' brass bed. James smirked as sat on the edge, caressing Sherlock's bare legs. Wrapped in a purple velvet robe, he was obviously aroused, but did nothing but pet Sherlock.
"We needed to be as inconspicuous as possible. It was imperative that no one follow. I am sorry, but you have a propensity for making friends wherever you go. Loose lips, as they say. The fewer who spoke to you, the better."
He could never ignore that rich, long, and lustful call.
The man studies the MRI image. “Twice.”
John had  wiped away his own tears and was in full doctor mode. It made Sherlock forget the burning flesh that was once the palm of his hand.
he’s alone. He calms himself. He studies the narrow hallway through the office spaces toward the large double doors that lead into loading docks like he’s observing for a case. He is afterall. Maybe the biggest case he’ll ever have. Maybe his last.
Why couldn’t I say those words? Am I as barren as Eurus? I want to tell John that it’s a woman’s interpretation of love and how it destroys—at least how she believes unrequited love has weakened me. But it isn’t true. Love isn’t a weakness.
“I told you it was tricky,” he heard Mary saying. “I had to be careful counteracting the drug to revive him.”
“If you won’t listen to my advice, you better include me in on this so-called help your brother needs,” John says, pouring himself another cup of coffee.
John's attention was turning toward him. His eyes shifted between his book and Sherlock's card play.
"Yes. It is about time," Sherlock spat out. His own voice didn't echo back. The connection was much better. It seemed that Mycroft's clandestine connections to the British Government afforded a pristine line.
Some excitement, an unexpected guest, and we get a taste of BAMF John.
"There are also quarantined areas on the east end with unexploded mines from WWII."
violin. John stumbles out into the livingroom to see Sherlock in front of the window. John steals silently into his comfy old chair, crossing his legs. This isn’t the same Sherlock who John saw play not a few weeks before. This is a Sherlock with his violin. He doesn’t simply hold the bow— the bow becomes his arm. He draws it across the strings in a cosmic dance, his body sways in time. His form hums and sings its own tune. As his fingers glide up and down the neck, his eyes flutter, the corners of his mouth curve into a playful smile, his head tilts. The melody becomes a seduction: the pull and moan of his music ignites John in a way he’s never experienced. John marvels at Sherlock’s long, agile fingers, his moist lips.
"Mycroft wouldn't dirty his own hands. He planned to simply hand her off to some people who were very angry with her. She took Mycroft's other offer. Better than having her fingernails torn out one by one and be tortured to death. She's in South America living comfortably under a new identity. Rather a cozy outcome for someone who planned to kill me. But I was magnanimous, considering." He looked at John. "Mycroft has enough on her past activities to keep her in check."
Oh, Edna St Vincent Millay. There are so many reasons I adore you. Your creative genius as a poet and playwright inspired me when I was young. I still cry when I read "The Ballad of the Harp Weaver" aloud to my classes. Your social conscience is conveyed in that poem and so many of your other works. You were a strong feminist activist and openly bisexual. You were a woman who proudly stood your ground. Your sonnets remain some of the very best of any modern poets. That is why I chose this poem. For you, Edna.
It’s what the folders don’t contain that he targets his attention upon: An operation like this would take a large staff of trained chemists. It would take large, modern laboratories. It’s implied from the findings of these experiments, that these are already in place. He recognizes instantly the ties to the serial murders. But those men weren’t chemists, they were pharmaceutical salesmen. Legitimate. Or maybe not so legitimate.
I’ve done it.
“All scrubs, only scrubs,” Williams says. “Which is advantageous since that’s what I’ll need to wear at my new job.”
“Nothing to be shy about,” John says, lifting his snifter to Mycroft. “As a child, my own mum dressed me in embarrassing outfits too. One even included bunny ears.”
“William stop! You’re not in any condition. Especially not in that dress.” John almost laughs at his last words.
“I think we should expect a visit from Mycroft before I go down to the station,” Sherlock blurts out. John cringes. He doesn’t want John to get dressed, but he doesn’t want John prancing around Mycroft in a towel either— not that Sherlock needs to worry that Mycroft would be interested in his John.
“No, I meant it. I’d rather be divorced from emotion. Caring is not an advantage.”
"Have you called the police?" I asked. "Does Lestrade know?"
Sherlock shrugs. "Doctor Hooper does seem prone to sentiment. And the nurses?"
“Sophy?” John asks, and Sherlock nods. John sighs. This isn’t as bad as it could be, he thinks. “She wanted to keep you from remembering. Seems extreme, but she’s really off. But it’s all a bit heartening, don’t you think? People remembering you despite efforts to delete you? All those people commenting on my blog? They say they believe in you.”
John stands and brushes away the white sand that clings to his legs. The water is barely inches deep as he wades across the inlet, and the blinding sands beneath create a walkway. The water cools his feet as it slips into his sandals. He sighs and looks up at the sun. The sky is hazy blue, yet clear. Hard to believe so much water poured from it just hours ago.
Sherlock didn’t watch him leave, but he did make sure that he had left. No use following him. Sherlock knew exactly where he was going. Home to Seb.
Sherlock's hands travel down his bare back, caressing, roaming, exploring. He knows Sherlock well enough to tell he's cataloging every small mole, every tiny scar. It only endears Sherlock to him more. He does the same and slips his hands around Sherlock's waist to pull him closer. Sherlock rests his other hand over John's heart and opens his mouth to deepen the kiss. John's heart races, but it's pounding a steady and strong rhythm beneath Sherlock's hand.
While he waits for the driver, he reads every last scrap of information he can find on Lord Blackwood.
“Mostly likely caused when your hug ruptured my spleen.”
To stave off my boredom, John had given me much of the recent research his family’s labs have compiled and conducted on anatomy and reproduction. He notices that I have the folders scattered on the coffee table.
He looks at John, who eyes him back expectantly.
“I do believe my pinstriped Grieves and Hawks is ruined.” Mycroft unbuttons his jacket to reveal theater blood bags along with faux blood dripping down his chest.
As usual, Mycroft chooses not to address the crux of John’s point along with the man in the batsuit. Instead he looks pointedly at John. “I assure you,” he says, “our sister’s condition is not an act. She could not have possibly written the note recently.”
"I'm not familiar with those titles," Sherlock said.
," Sherlock spat out.
"John, this is serious."
"I'm certain Mycroft was more than happy to fill you in on my past."
"Bungalow it is," John says, and they push on through the dense vegetation. It's not too far and Sherlock makes short work of the lock. The inside looks much the same as the larger research hut that's near the boat.
John read somewhere that men think about sex every seven seconds. He really should look it up to see if it was really true. When he goes home to Grass Lake for a visit, he could sneak a peek to find the answer in that Kinsey Report book his mom has, except the thought of his mom reading about sex out of the same book creeped him out.
Beca leaves, then Anthea and Molly talk a bit more. In close proximity. Why would Anthea be so comfortable with them unless she’s been here to visit on other occasions? Why is she even here? Sherlock thinks he’s obviously been too distracted about the note and John. He missed something important in this room. Anthea must be still working to help Mycroft and his mission. What does she hope to find that Sherlock cannot at Cardiff Infirmary?
“Right you are!” said Mary.
“You bloody cold fish!” John struggles against the men holding him as Sherlock passively turns his head to watch the scene. “You know your mum almost died thinking her last words to you were cruel! They weren’t cruel enough!” John catches his breath. “What a tosser you have for a brother.”
“As a favor to Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock adds, “I do think he may need another look.”
The first conversation was short. Through the hiss and static, words echoed, but Mycroft said he would call back.
John laughs. If that’s the excuse he needs to use! His Mum laughs as well, but makes more of a fuss, wiping tears away with her thumb, then kissing both cheeks.
John thought. The chlorine was thick in the air, making his nose and eyes burn. Sherlock stood between the bleachers and the pool with Moriarty. Sherlock’s eyes widened the second he spotted John.
"Why would that be relevant?"
“Hmm. Sherlock seems to be adding to the collection.” John pulled out his Colt from his waistband and aimed at the man sprawled on the floor. His arms were bound to one leg, but his other leg was free.
"You were highly recommended to me through the work study program. I trust this recommendation was not amiss. I hope today isn't any indication of how you plan to conduct yourself."
“I am surprised at the extent of what you’ve shared with me. Our family is tightfisted with such research, always concerned that some other lab will get the edge.”
“She’s an alright egg. Usually. But that Hawkins character is a wanker,” Mike says. “But then you’re a right tosser too at times.”
"You said
It’s not the satisfying capture John hoped for.
. Irregular, racing pulse. Nausea. Distorted vision. Grogginess. Intention: to make him helpless. Result achieved.
As John sets his crate down, Will sits on the edge of the bed and unfolds and refolds his clothes to put into drawers. He looks at John and knows what John would like to ask but is too polite to do so.
There was no one he could see, there in the dark. No sounds.
Hmm. Not the reaction Will wished to elicit. He stops and starts over. “I did what you said, thought about how I was coming to each conclusion. I noted internally what I was absorbing from each subject that supported the conclusions.”
“I’d rather not.”
“You know who you are, what you are. I feel as if I’ve never known that about myself, even when I did know my real name. I’ve tried to do the same for myself as I have with others— and I am at a loss. It's like the lights go out and I can stumble forward in the dark but," he huffs a mirthless laugh and flaps a hand at the map, "I can't fit what I know into a coherent picture. The vocabulary says good education, the accent doesn't lapse so that points to a certain social standing, family money." His lip twists up. "I know more about designer clothing than can
John rubs his chin with the same hand his coffee is in, almost spilling it.
“My roommate is out for the weekend,” she said matter-of-factly.
As Sherlock puts down the violin, he steps into the middle of the living room.
“Oh, yes, you don’t do popular culture.
“He was there in the room with me. I could smell him. It was the offending alpha. The one who blackmailed my family. Not any usual alpha either. Small. Dressed in a bespoke suit. The last time I saw anyone dressed that posh was before the Upheaval. I had to admit, the suit was nice. Not something I'd choose, or Mycroft. But it oozed money. The alpha even had a pink-silk handkerchief in his pocket that matched his shirt.”
And his voice. The man's rich baritone dripped sex. Not that John noticed that sort of thing. Despite how hot this Sherlock looked and sounded, he was a fucking dick. He seemed to be very put out that he was forced to have a roommate. Sure, he took the top bunk, but he really didn't want anyone in his space. At all. It seemed he'd had the room all to himself for the summer semester, and now he wanted to keep it to himself.
“Most are minor infractions. A reprimand most likely would suffice. But this!” Lestrade barks out. “And this! How could I not know this was happening?”
Did these people know nothing of salmonella or listeria? Well, the old man hadn’t died from that. No. It was in that rocking chair. A heart attack, or more accurately, a broken heart.
“We can’t just leave her out there to die from hypothermia”
"Of course he did. And it is true that I did dabble. I found that cocaine focused my mind. After I began working with Lestrade, I quit. The inspector refused to let me work with him while I used. If you are concerned, I haven't used much since. Only a few times when my mind required it."
My mind is giddy with the same thought:
So I have windows to do along with our daily walk to Regent’s Park. I’ll feed the ducks with Rosie and John, pick up groceries along with speaking to Mycroft and finally, check on a possible new case with Lestrade that looks to be more than a five.
The first few days were perfect. He played pirates and took care of his friend and best mate. They spent time on the sandbar and in exploring the rocky coves. On their last full day there, they went to one of Sherlock's favorite spots: the lighthouse. He'd had to wait until then because he was forbidden to go up there alone. With Mycroft and his father not far away, he raced up to the lighthouse. On the way, a rabbit caught Redbeard's eye, and he bounded off after it. Sherlock raced behind, but Redbeard was too fast and too determined to catch the rabbit. Sherlock called and called for hours. His beloved dog was gone and they were to leave the next day!
"No, he wouldn't. There's always another way, and he'd find it."
“Explain first why it was imperative that you came back.”
He straightened his back and walked forward like a drunk following a line on the cement floor.
A few hours later, John was in biology class, and Sherlock was left alone in the dorm room. He'd hesitated to call Mycroft earlier, but his hand hovered over the phone before deciding to ring him. A long-suffering sigh escaped Sherlock's lips as he dialed the international call.
Without John’s brisk pushes, the smile on Rosie’s face mimics the swing’s arc—it grows smaller and smaller. John’s lips follow and flat-lined, and his face fills with confusion. I need to clarify immediately before more intrusive and ominous thoughts begin to eat away at him.
The banging is persistent and increases in volume with each stair.
? What do you mean by that?" John tilted his head.
John laughs. A palace. “Rather a romantic notion. It sounds more like a pirate’s perspective,” John comments.
“She’s lying,” I say over my shoulder. “She knows her daughter’s handwriting, but she knew these are not her words. The boyfriend dictated the note to her.”
Sherlock’s cock throbs as John palms him through his pants.
"Yeah, Molly said it was."
dangerous and that’s why he hadn’t returned his texts. That would be best.
"I noticed that you took the old messages out and replaced them with a new note," Sherlock says. "I thought we could throw it in together when we leave."
“No, we talk here. Not inside.”
It came as a blessed relief to deduce the old fisherman who’d stayed here before. The old man had left more than Jack Daniels: stacks of magazines, a beat-up fishing hat on the fireplace mantle, his tacklebox and fishing pole. His thermal underwear.
But the comments I cringe at most are those about penis size. I intentionally never state in a story that one character has a larger penis than another. I don’t care who is bigger. Sherlock is a big man with big hands and feet. John can carry a tire iron in his pants and forget it's there. Not a contest. They are most likely both well endowed. Please, no more penis size comments. One comment ditched my writing process for days. How do other writers feel about this, I wonder?
John falls asleep almost immediately, but sleeps restlessly. He turns and tosses, dreaming of landmines and automatic weapon fire. It’s just beginning to be light out when John wakes to Will hovering over his bed. He’s staring down at John like a large vulture eyeing its future meal. Unsettling, pale green eyes pierce into him. The squeak John emits is highly undignified, and he attempts to glare his dignity back into existence.
"Why not? It's the truth."
“It’s nothing,” John adds. “Looks worse than it is. Just grazed my side. I’m more worried about you. It’s your head, isn’t it?”
He crawls back through the service panel, and manages to avoid security and police crawling all over as he makes his way through the secondary building out to the street. He hears Lestrade and almost steps out to give himself up, but stops himself.
“You are getting to be your old self in some regards!” Mycroft sits down across from him. “Our Anthea has proved to be a very resourceful woman. I underestimated Anthea and Mr. Lincoln.”
"If you must know, he handcuffed me to a bed and left me there," Sherlock said, and crossed his arms.
Beca takes the hint. “Don’t forget,” she says, “if you need anything, just press the call button.”  She stands and straightens her skirt before she leaves with a wave goodbye.
“I do say, we might want to do some redecorating.” Sherlock walks out into the livingroom and struts around, hands behind his back.
She steps up to John, heels clicking on the pavement. "I owe you this," she says. She pulls her arm back and slaps him hard. The shock of the loud crack hurts his ears more than the slap to his face, and the sharp snap of his neck stings.There was force behind it, and John reflexively touches his cheek where her hand landed. Better than looking down the barrel of a gun he supposes.
Sherlock pauses. "She was going to
But he loses his grip on the eaves and falls. When he twists as he lands, he feels his ankle pop. He’d sprained it much worse when jumping off a fire escape fleeing a rape gang. He bites back the sharp pain. Leaky blood vessels, fluid oozing into his soft tissue surrounding his joint...and it’s the same ankle, weakened by previous trauma.
“Little man. Weak-willed. Good for a toss.
“Chicago.” She slid her hands across the counter. “I was talking to Professor Doyle only yesterday about you. We’re supposed to work together on the induced-stress lab. I’d hoped we could get started today on the initial research the professor wanted us to look over, but I have to fill in for Stephanie and man this boring desk. She came down with something.” She rolled her eyes.
, sir.”
“Sherlock, there’s something here.”
John waited today just as he had every other day since he came home. He stood and stared out the living room window at the rural mailbox in front of the house. Like every day before it, the mailman drove up, opened the door and slid in the mail. But today at the same instant the phone began to ring.
John sighed. He didn’t want to set the gun down. He was trusting that the fiery glow in Sherlock’s eyes meant that he had a plan. Maybe he shouldn’t. John slowly lowered the Colt and set it down on the opposite end of the kitchen table from where his hostage was tied to the leg. John let his hands flap to his sides afterward.
It wasn't fate. He wouldn't, no, couldn't believe it that. Improbable things happen all the time. Improbability was an illusion based on preconceptions. John Watson was a common enough name. Then he had picked up the prescription bottle and read his full name on the label: John Hamish Watson II. The same. The same man. The same long thin scar on his arm. The same. The universe has very little to do with statistical chance. Given an infinite universe, every event with non-zero probability, however small, shall eventually happen.
“I don’t know,” she said. “I think sometimes it’s best to step back and reassess. It’s really difficult to find housing this time in the semester. You might have to tough it out at least until semester change. You can always choose to ignore him.”
“I’m tired. Tired of pretending. It’s boring. You understood before I did. You told me. I’m a killer. A sociopath.” Sherlock’s arms fly up over his head again and clenches his fists. “I DON’T CARE!”
to dear Mary? That’s no way to treat a guest! I never took you for a brute, Watson.”
"Why can't you be like a normal person and just talk to me?"
“But I had the code. The mobile. I never…”
"How did you know about me being late?" John asked. "You'd already left this morning when I took off."
He had to see. Sherlock crawled to the edge of his bed again and looked over as John called his name once more.
“I did tell him to leave,” John said, opening the door for her. “He just never listens.”
"I will," Sherlock says, stepping next to the bed. "I learned not to keep things from you."
“More cryptic messages.”
“Where the fuck am I going to go?” he asked, nodding to the door. “I’m not going back out there.”
Transport Status: Epidermis at junction red and swollen, flesh putrid, puss seeping.
“The ones not doctored. The ones that are hidden somewhere in this house.”
"Sure you did." He sets down his fork and looks Sherlock over more closely. He'd missed the signs. The sunburn hid the pallor. His itching from the bug bites explained the nervous scratching. But the shaking, his clipped speech?
“I did not invite you in.” I reach for him, but his suit slips in my hand.
Sherlock knew to do this right he had to be completely honest with John. There was no half way.
“How do you want it? Naughty or nice?” Sherlock asks.
Even this morning his eyes couldn't stop following those lips:
And he wanted more. After working so hard to not-kiss Sherlock, all he could think about was his pouty mouth and how it might taste. What was it about you always want what you can't have?
I wondered if the cold were affecting my perception. Certainly Sherlock couldn't be making a move on me?
"We confronted her."
“I didn’t say there was no compromise! There are many members of his department who are taking bribes and favors.”
Sherlock suddenly can’t contain himself and leaps on top of the couch. “There!” he says, jumping and bouncing. “They are all wearing the Barba Napoli shirts!”
“He does now,” Sherlock snaps back. “And a cat who hates you.”
“All Sherlock needs to do is push this button. He holds your fate in his hands.” She pointed at John’s chest. “I hope that it isn’t necessary. You’re cute, and I did like our date even if Sherlock interrupted it. But that was the plan.”
“W-where?” I stammer. This time I manage to sit half way up, but I collapse back down into the mattress. I don't have the strength to try again.
I am torn between a feeling of dread that she is behind this and a relief that she is no longer a vacant shell. If this is my sister’s doing, she is either back and scheming or this note is the remnants of the ruin she set in motion.
“Message?” John asks. “You mean the note.”
, John thought.
While in the back of John's mind he wondered how the professor could possibly know about his aversion to rats, right now he was more concerned about placating the man who held his future grade at his whim.
So, John was leaving.
"Yes. What? How did you know that?"
"And good-looking," John added pointedly. "But I don't think he's in a relationship or looking for one."
Sherlock turned back to the public lavatories and walked into the stall to see what the man had left behind besides the pen. There was a note scratched in ink on the wall. This was the invitation he'd been waiting for. The man seemed young, innocuous, clean. Perfect for an anonymous encounter.
"Hello?" Marilyn called again. It was like some slapstick comedy.
.” I sit forward in my seat. “You knew who and what Mary was yet you kept quiet about it because once upon a time, you wanted to be Mary. You wanted to be an agent. Pulling that trigger probably excited you. You also wanted to be important, a member of Parliament, not a secretary to a member. You wanted the position and wealth that came with it. You sold out your country for a place in the country. In the end, you said all you wanted was to disappear forever. Mary wanted to disappear forever. You were to pretend to shoot her, and she would pretend to die saving me. She died a martyr. That’s what we believed, what I believed. All the while, she had a new life waiting for her.”
Then the Game got in the way. The longer they played the Game, the further the idea of them was pushed away and the easier it became to ignore it. The elephant, however, never did leave the room.
Really, Sherlock.
She pulls herself together and worries the quilt between her fingers.
He’s being ignored. He doesn’t like it. “We do need to go to hospital,” Sherlock says. “I expect another victim by the end of the day.”
"You're awake," says Captain Obvious. "You're probably looking for an explanation."
Mycroft’s men rush forward and grab John by the arms as he lunges after Mycroft again.
John drops the envelope on the bed next to Sherlock.
“Not at the cost of who I am.” John crosses his arms and leans against the desk.
"No, Michael Coreleone."
“I’ll just take a seat on the bed and get comfortable to watch the show.” She slides Sherlock’s legs to the side and sits down on the bed.
What if John looked at him like that? He decided then to take Helena’s offer and leave.
"Sherlock?" John controlled an inner shiver.
everyone would see that he had "welcome, parking in rear" written on his forehead.
He couldn't get the thought of that rest stop out of his head—that men met there for sex. After he got his drivers' license, he'd find himself driving into the rest stop whenever he went by. He told himself it was only to see what it was like. Behind plexiglas, a map of Michigan showed the stop's location circled with the words "You are HERE." Like he didn't know.
I was kissing Sherlock. The light from the bulb overhead filtered into our boxes just enough to see his face. God! I was kissing Sherlock!
------------
"Perfectly fine."
"I've done this many times," Sherlock had said. "Cards can be very lucrative. I could use some extra spending money."
“Not much to do here. We could read, talk, listen music, play Cluedo before we go to bed if you’d like. I’m a bit keyed up from earlier.”
John curses and stumbles out the exit into the rain to see the mad bastard already at the intersection. Someone is yelling something after him as he takes off following. Whatever they're saying is not important. What is important is that after weeks of trying to catch whoever's been nipping away at the hospital supplies, snatching cash from their lockers, making them all feel helpless one more goddamn time as if the horrors of the last two years didn't do that enough, John can finally do something about it. Best of all, he doesn’t have to bloody think. Honestly, Molly's chance recognition is a gift from above. It's probably his best trip to Tesco in years. John’s calves burn and his heart pumps. It’s glorious.
“First, you need to know that you’re one badass yourself. God, look at you. The way you handled yourself. You fucking broke your ankle kicking off cement shoes!”
“Oh, but there was … how you moaned and begged. Remember, what did you call me. Mr. Sex? I don’t understand how you’ve stooped so low, but I suppose it was hard to find a replacement that would even come close.”
John is still a bundle of confusion over the note while Mycroft sits smugly in his chair.
Sherlock had other fears. He learned to embrace his fears and learned from each of them. Fear brought caution in the face of danger. Fear was nightmares, or a big brother who'd jump from behind the bushes and scare him. Fear was his own bloody hands after falling through his window to test its strength, and it was a cat drowned in a well by cruel old man. It was a bad hair day and wrinkled trousers. But nothing, nothing came close to fearing James Moriarty.
Sherlock spins around, arms dramatically out. He’s a dancer, so he embraces it. A graceful pirouette. His coat obeys: it billows as he twirls and ripples in waves around him. “Come out! Come out wherever you are!” he bellows, then stops spinning.
John barks out a laugh on the other side of the door. “Maybe,” John says, stepping inside. “But you’re safe here, unless talking you to death counts.”
“We weren’t after marketability. Believe it or not our interest was in the public good. Yeah, we need to make a profit, but we have plenty of pharmaceuticals that fit that bill. We believe that Alpha’s should take on more of the responsibility for birth control.”
"It's not a relationship," Sherlock said gruffly. What would Mycroft know about them anyway? His brother was a monk of some type—his only love, the British government.
“He was excellent artist as a child but never cultivated that part of himself as an adult. He loved chemistry and turned to that in college. You said he draws now. What does he draw?”
The note is most worrying. Everything in him believes Sophy Kratides wouldn’t harm John Watson. If she did, Sherlock would never help her. In fact, Sherlock would come for her. His mobile beeps. John. He can’t come down to the morgue. He has too many patients waiting. At least he’s safe. For now.
“John! You have...wallpaper!” Will touches the flock trellis design of the rose colored fleur de lys motif on a dark metallic blue background, then strides over to the fireplace mantel. “Photos in frames. Oh, that’s you with a mustache! Mmm...much better without. I do like my doctors clean shaven.” He stalks over to a table. “And look at this vase!” he picks it up, turns it over. “This is perfect!”
"It's not bad. I'm on my way back to my dorm."
—————————-
"The one I left on the stairs just in case we were out of her sight. There are instructions telling her we're locked inside the freezer and to let us out."
John points easily to spot on the map where they are as they stand looking across Bristol Channel. Each of Mycroft’s dotted lines signify the number of steps leading to the big red “X” where the treasure chest is buried. He hands over the map to John who recounts the steps.
John turned to Sherlock who was biting his lip. “Maybe the other snares actually caught a few more of them. Don’t you want to find out?”
John wonders about “by any means possible.” Was Sherlock expected to make the decision to neutralize the threat all alone? He wonders why Sherlock doesn’t question it as well.
“Greg and I have never been anything
Later, John catches up with Sherlock and Molly in the morgue, and Molly waves him over. "It's just about five, come on."
“Or call you shorty.”
“He says he has a phobia about getting wet,” she says, “but there’s really cyanide in a secret compartment in the handle. That and it pulls out into a sword. He thinks he’s Errol Flynn.”
. It means he knows he’s being tracked. He assumes Sophy is tracking his mobile, but he thinks there’s a good chance someone else might be too. He sent the message, then he ditched the cell.”
They open the red and black wool blanket John brought, and John pulls out the the small feast he’s planned. Croissants and ham with cheeses. Apples and grapes along with some wine. Although Sherlock’s mind is more on what’s to come, he bends over and kisses John on his wine-stained lips. He admires how the sun brings out the red in John’s lashes and the splash of freckles on his face. It’s enough to make Sherlock want a bit of privacy.
He kept on laying the flattened boxes on the floor. He punched out the bottom of two more large boxes and laid them end-to-end on top of the others.
Sherlock's fingers stretch over his length, measuring with delicious pressure. John falls back on to the narrow cot and stretches his legs out off the end, and his cock tents up in appreciation.
“One is. And it looks as if he’s in it.”
"So, what's the value of a little more than nothing?" the man asks. "Nothing! That's exactly what yer worth to me if you don't change this stone."
Sherlock recalled how he'd felt just before they met that night: the taste in his mouth, how the wet grass smelled under him, the sound of hollow footfalls. He couldn’t get it out of his head. He'd rewound, then replayed so many times in his mind palace since. The way John had used his own spit to make his way. The pain, while perhaps unnecessary, had made it all so much more real. On hands and knees, grunting, moaning, pounding the ground, the torment of pain turning into the torment of pleasure. He wanted nothing so much as he wanted it again. All of it.
Not as much angst other than a knife to the neck. But for Will, he knows how to deal with that! It's Lestrade's jokes he doesn't know how to handle!
"Ah, harmonics. That's how we turn off the fence. But do we really want to?" Sherlock smirks. "Baby, let's pretend that we don't know the answer," he sings.
“It wasn’t an invitation.”
“John?” I whispered in disbelief.
I’ve found that John’s moral compass has become a part of me. I walk away from Vivian Norbury and go home.
"John?" A question. Sherlock is asking his permission. John knows he is. John blinks his answer. It's not Morse code, but it means yes. Sherlock nods slowly and bends down until their parted lips almost touch. John sits up and presses their lips together. His heart beats hard and fast, but it's regular.
John strides in next to me and rolls his eyes.
“Yes, but we were on a roll.”
“How do you know that?” John’s head pops up, and he crosses his arms. “You looked. Of course you looked.”
His roommate's hands clutched an old patchwork quilt that John had tucked under his chin. A piece of home sewn lovingly by some member of John's family, most likely his grandmother, Sherlock deduced.
“Is that anyway to welcome the one you love?” James asked.
He blindly struggled through the snow. It wasn’t as deep as he turned the corner to the side of the cabin facing the lake. At least he had the frame to follow. He hoped Sherlock could find his way through to the traps and back to the door.
He takes it off the shelf and opens it, and to his surprise, it’s more than a book. The pages have been glued together and the inside hollowed out. Within it, is a skeleton key.
Inside the cabin she had landed in a heap. He checked her pulse again. Slow. She was too cold. But in the light of the fireplace, he realized the problem was more than just hypothermia and hanging upside down. An ugly gnash was on the back of her head.  When the snare snapped her up, her head must have slammed into the tree trunk.
Automail Status: Unresponsive, rejection immanent.
Pandora. In what universe would
It’s muggy and sweet as the step through the mesh door opening.
Voices buzz around. Lestrade looks at my leg and shouts for a medic. People walk around us. All the while, John keeps holding my hand.
John lay back down on his bed. It was so short that even his legs reached to the very end. The bed groaned like an old man. He cringed when he heard the springs underneath rub against his guitar case. He’d shoved it under his bed a few days earlier—it was the only place that he could think of to store something as large as his guitar. He’d paid a lot for that case, but better to scuff the case than the lovingly-used Gibson.
“Ta. You can let go now.”
“Excellent,” Beca says. “Send those results to Lestrade too. You both believe then that this is victim was killed by the serial killer.”
“This all because Sherlock left you?” John crumpled up the note and dropped it on the floor.
It seems to me that there were many ways to phrase this. I read the one which I believed held the message.
At first he had tried to deny that they were the same. The man at the rest area's hair was much longer and lighter than John Watson's. Sherlock's nimble mind palace simply had barber sheers clip those the vibrant blond strands to confirm it was the same head of under that hair.
“As a good military man you do know that for security reasons information is withheld,” Mycroft says, takes his napkin and places it in his lap. “This is one of those times. It is a need to know basis operation. I— ”
Tears prick on Sherlock’s eyes as he speaks, and she reaches out and takes his hand in hers.
"Listen, Sherlock, shouldn't you go to the police or something? I mean, if this guy is that dangerous, you need some sort of protection or at least let them know they have a serial killer living off-campus. Go to that Lestrade fellow who keeps calling."
John sees Irene Adler and Mary together in some sort of corridor. Possibly Barts. It must be Barts. The shaky video is unlike Sherlock. Done in haste, his thumb partially obscures the corner of the screen.
One day on an excursion to the more eastern section of the island, he spots an airstrip. He also finds a curious turtle pond on the east side where dozens of green sea turtles are milling around.
I spread eagle on the wooden planks, but John turns me on my side, and I vomit the River Thames. His palms sooth my back as my body shivers.
She did it for her own reasons. Ones he doesn’t trust, but he trusts himself even less.
“Eight stitches to be precise.” Sherlock smirks.
Sherlock pushes into his arse, probing inside, his own hips keeping up their own rhythm. The angle they're at is awkward and the penetration isn’t quite as deep as John would have liked, but it's Sherlock, and his long talented fingers. Hearing Sherlock panting and feeling the heat of Sherlock's cock press against his leg has to be one of the hottest experiences of John's life. It's not long before the friction builds and Sherlock caresses that sweet spot inside John. John takes his own cock in his hand and begins to pump.
"I just met you this week!"
After the funeral, I hardly left the flat. It was fourteen days, five hours and twenty-three minutes since John died instead of me when I finally had the courage to visit John’s grave again.
He'd tried so many times before and chickened out, driving down I-94, passing this rest stop.
Sherlock tapped John's mattress impatiently. "I'm not anyone. I'm your roommate."
“I never locked you up!” she smiles devilishly.
After pacing the floor after hanging up on Mycroft, Sherlock still hadn’t found clarity of mind.
He's considering a swim when he sees a small shark out in the deeper waters of the lagoon. He's not so sure that he should go in if there are sharks here. Pity. He'll need to observe them. He has time. Maybe they weren't around often, or only at certain times of the tide. He should give it go sometime. It's a shame to have all this and not be able to swim.
Sherlock spent much of his free time walking the woods. He came upon only two other homes; the rest of the area was a forest of large hardwoods, brush, and swamp land. Hunting season was the end of November, but Mycroft had cautioned him that poachers might be about. He came across a few deer trails but no sign of human footprints and only a few snowmobile trails that the snow quickly covered over. He hiked to a dirt road that had been plowed recently, then turned back. He understood his boundaries.
She sounds like Jim when she says it. He doesn’t know why he never saw it.
“I know. I can hardly believe it myself, but it happened. My light left before my time. This body’s light had escaped forever. It belonged to a man named Jonathan. I wasn’t told his last name. He died of an overdose, and he fit the rest of the angel’s criteria: not part of your network and no family.”
Then he paces the hall in front of the room. What is in there? Why does his mind refuse him? All these doors locked tight and no way in. He’s frustrated the only doors that open hold no solutions and only more questions.
James didn't blink at the corpse: a body sawn neatly in two at the waist with only her bottom half remaining. He stepped eagerly around the empty cartons and torn trash bags that vomited from an overflowing skip next to the body. He flipped aside an empty pizza box with his pristine black leather shoe before he carefully knelt down to examine what remained of the body garnished with garbage.
Sherlock had ruined the evening with Mary. After the whole farce in the theater, asking John to come up for a cup of coffee became almost moot. He told her he had to get back to the dorm.
"You father didn't want a scandal. He believed threats of bringing charges against the thief would be enough to keep him from returning. Sadly, greed and stupidity have no bounds. You lover returned to you. Last night, your father surprised him sneaking in through the back to the kitchen. He hit your father over the head and picked up the cleaver to do more serious damage. Brutus bravely came to the rescue. And that was when you came in."
It was easy to determine the allergen. Which made Sherlock's case as to John's identity even more certain. He was using the same cologne as he had that night. John obviously hadn't shown the symptoms then. Sherlock had, however, changed his shampoo since their first encounter.
who she is. The gardener’s cottage. A little girl who played Treasure Island with them. She was Ben Gunn! Skully Island.
Sherlock gives John a wicked grin.
“Ta, I’ll see you in a bit. Tell Beca I’ll be there in time for my rounds.” John gives Mike a wave and shuts the door.
They still had some of those crackers John liked. Sherlock actually thought they weren’t bad. John had shared them with Sherlock one of their first evenings together. Ritz, they were called.
John nods weakly. With his right hand free, he flexes his fingers and brushes them against Sherlock’s cheek.
"Is he...you know...seeing anyone?"
Our last conversation was about why I enjoy dancing, her last question, “Would you teach me?” Her last word, “Goodbye.” Since, she has not spoken.
My lie was not that I am an omega. Although oppressed, I saw omegas every day who didn't hide, and no one shunned them. But for some reason, I had to hide who I was.
"While I’ve danced my whole life, it never felt as nice as it does with you." Sherlock hesitates. He seems to be struggling for what to say next. "I’m not very experienced when it comes to relationships as you well know,” Sherlock admits. “What Sophy told me about my...past sexual history...I never enjoyed any of that. I never wanted it. Not until now. Until you.”
“Then I did cause it,” Sherlock says, hands clenched tightly.
"If he's such a danger, why isn't he in jail or at least taken off the street?"
It all started this morning when
He'd open the case to see the capo and pick there.
“I thought you rather liked men in uniform.”
Unlike Mycroft, Sherlock did enjoy parts of Michigan. While John Watson was the main draw, he enjoyed the wilderness walks. While Sherlock had used his mind palace at night, his days were filled hiking through snow.
“How do you know this? Vivian is spiteful and angry, but how could she convince her son to go after you?” John arms hung against his side, but his chin was up. He isn’t looking at me at all. Instead, he’s staring forward. “Come on, Rosie,” he says, pulling her out of the swing. “Let’s go walk in the garden.”
Thomas prepares a syringe, then injects the needle into Sophy’s arm with what John is most certainly believes is a sedative.
There on a hot July night, Sherlock Holmes fell to his knees in a pile of leaves. As the man leaned into him, something brushed the back of his neck. Not fingers or hand. Something cold. Metal. A necklace. No...dog tags.
“I don’t think you understand
John nods. “But why move them?”
Moriarty stood up and shook his head slowly and gave a pitiful sigh. "Oh, dear. I am so, so sorry," James said. He set the pen back on the desk next to John’s hand.
Big thanks to hotshoeagain who helped so much sifting through this chapter and making it so, so much stronger. I appreciate you so much!
John expects to learn more, and he like a bulldog, he will not drop the topic.
This does not bode well. It's been John's experience that novice criminals are often the ones most likely to kill you. Accidentally. He expected more from Adler. Who was actually behind all of this?
“No, the handprints on the neck clearly are not that of a gloved hand,” Molly says. “That’s what we’re arguing about. He says the killer had gloves on and removed them to strangle the victim, but there’s no indication anywhere on the body that latex or any other type of glove was used. No residue is left behind.”
“But you didn’t,” John says weakly. Did he read about the kiss on the cheek? Does Will remember? No need to embarrass each other. Will has enough going on in his life without adding complications.
"Hmm. Not sure if I believe in such a thing."
John squeezes Sherlock's hand. “Show me that place.”
“And you noticed this, what, from the petals on his socks!”
Sherlock watched John closely. The hushed word
“John, I am sorry to say, but your blog is now online. Public. And very popular.”
"I won't spoil the story for you."
want to know how he knew all that stuff about the Earl?”
“I know a quiet place, a private place with a spectacular view,” Sherlock smiles.
---------------
“That was...incredible,” John says, sobbing for breath, his body collapsing into Sherlock’s.
John moves into the middle of the mattress, watching Sherlock's eyes as they scan over his body. He rolls over, then crawls up onto his hands and knees and lets his shoulders sink until he’s on his elbows, head bent down and face almost flat to the bed.
Sherlock watches as John gathers himself, then looks to Sherlock. “He’s correct,” Sherlock says.
"Everyone is John. You're just not as great a one as everyone else."
That's the secondary plot here. All by the seat of my polka dot pants. This story pushed me in fits and starts. I’m rather proud of the final chapters, mixing love humor and action together. I have a special place in my heart for juxtaposed emotional moments. I threw Moriarty, Moran, and Mary into the pot along with our boys. Rocky Raccoon's family kind of showed up to help stir the pot. The wall banging is another real-life experience on my part. My parents first home (and mine) was a cottage on a lake where raccoons had made their home before we came. They were noisy rascals. And this story is no exaggeration as to how disruptive they can become.
John pulls up to the curb. William hesitates to get out and show John where he’s been holed up for these few months. While impressing someone feels alien to him, he wants to impress John Watson. His legs feel rickety when he gets out and leads John inside. It might be John’s bad driving, or it might be he doesn’t want to be back here. They step over dumped dresser drawers, discarded clothing, and broken toys. Most furniture and any other objects of any worth were taken months ago. Wallpaper torn, carpet soiled with looters bootprints. A few old family photos hang on the walls. William knows the family’s story— he’s played it enough in his head. He straightens a photo. The mother was the first to get sick. Father’s notes and children’s lonely pictures litter the floor, all telling the story of the family that once laughed and played here. All gone. It’s one of the reasons William selected this home— it had no one to come back to it. It was just like him.
"What do you think she'd do to you? Shoot you in the heart?"
“Actually, no, but I did find portions of that fascinating. We began trial on it, but Mycroft shut it down saying there is not much of a market for it since few alphas seek to suppress their drives or repress their ruts.”
“Another one of the murder victims came in. Same as before. Strangled. Will says a woman did this. Small hands? So sexist! Men have small hands. And no nails.”
“Really? What did you find?” John looks at Will, and as he does the car jumps a curb.
I open the door to a man clad head-to-toe in shiny, too-tight black leotards. His liquid blue eyes squint out of the slits of a black mask. Comical cat ears are attached to its hood and tufts of his fiery-red hair poke out from under the mask. He dramatically plants his legs apart and crosses his arms, making his ample belly jiggle over the thick black belt that’s squeezing what appears to be his midsection. I assume this is some sort of joke. A silly superhero sent to harass me from someone at Scotland Yard. It must be. No one wears a cape anymore.
"I'll call the police, they'll need to test these and the other two victims' effects," Molly says.
"Getting warm."
And that's how I ended up whisked off to the British countryside into a real-life Gothic romance with Sherlock Holmes on All Hallows' Eve. I never would have believed we'd end up saying those three words to each other. Or end up in bed. Or hold hands.
Sherlock breath catches. John just called him “love,” and he feels giddy— at least he thinks that’s what it’s called when your insides feel like a thousand butterflies. He must be in an alternate reality. He checks his own pulse.
He steps inside the bathroom and comes out with his tartan bathrobe.
"Neither do I," she nodded, as though that explained anyything.
"Yet for some reason you decided to answer it today. What reason might that be Mr. Watson? Could it be your meeting with James Moriarty?"
"He always calls. Not that Sherlock ever returns them unless he
“And he didn’t want to contaminate the hothouse.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I hear you paid them a visit. And Molly.”
Checked on Will twice last night. Can’t be to cautious when someone suffers from such devastating head trauma. First bed check was after a patient with a child came to my door. Turned out the little one had an ear infection. Rosie went through six months of having one every other week, it seemed like. Mary and I practically needed counseling by the end, we were so irritable from having no sleep. I gave the father some instructions and antibiotics and sent them on their way. Then I checked on Will. He was sleeping peacefully.
Very eclectic indeed!
"Brutus?" I said. Irriation filled me. I turned to Sherlock. "He's a dog, isn't he? Brutus is a
"Watson. Dr. John Watson."
“Brian’s Song” came out in 1971 and is one of the very best of ABC Movies of the week (in my opinion and many critics). It's about two pro American football players for the Chicago Bears (dah, Bears…), and their deep friendship. The story is told through Gale Sayers (played by Billy Dee Williams) about his friend, Brian Piccolo (played by James Caan), who was diagnosed with terminal cancer after turning pro in 1965. The movie chronicles their friendship until Piccolo’s death in 1970. It’s a real tear jerker (and the theme song "The Hands of Time” has become a standard). Here's a the trailer:
Although even now, I wonder if there is the possibility that Eurus fooled us completely.
“You Holmes brothers always have an ominous way of stating things.”
“Knees apart,” Sherlock orders. "More. That's it, my Captain."
"And nothing on her note told her that we were inside?"
, John thought but catches himself. "...like that, and no-one's looking? There ought to be someone looking for him. I think it bothers you. It bothers me."
"And stop calling me Mr. Watson. I am not my father."
I laugh. “That was easy enough. I was going to ask to work in the lab.”
“Anything you say to me, you can say to John.”
“You know our lab is in Cardiff on the bay. That should be open enough for you. In return, I need to know you have no entanglements. And I need to know what you remember. Your blogger...and his blog.”
“This not where he was raised,” she says, referring to the photo. “Our family home burned when he was a young boy, but he lived here for much of his childhood. You may see his room if you’re not convinced yet.”
It’s then he notices the smell is all wrong. Burned plastic, tar, wood, and flesh. The buildings are all wrong too. He recognizes the cobbled concrete wall on his left that separates the road from the old Branch Line tracks and the charred rubble of low-rise apartments and alleys on the right. He should have been watching. “You need to turn around.”  Somehow they’ve ended up in Butetown. “Now.”
“Kitty, kitty, kitty,” Rosie says running toward him. John swoops her up to keep her away. “Rosie, pet the kitty?”
“It was brought on by what your brother said about Eurus, wasn't it?” John asks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, as a matter of fact.” Truth was, his mind had hardly stopped thinking about him since they’d met.
I text Mycroft.
John recaps the whole chase, except for two points: exactly how delighted he was when the arrogant bastard jumped to the next roof over, and exactly how ready he was to accept his own fall. Some things are not even for the blog.
“Before I feed you both,” John says, spatula in hand and holding out the pan of scrambled eggs like an offering, “tell me this secret plan. All of it.”
begins to bite into the ocean swell as they trim her sails for the long beat back up to Hawaii.
"Hmm. I'd have to survive on love and double chocolate caramel ice cream."
“A murder,” Sherlock whispered to John as they watched the film. “But they revealed the murderers immediately. What kind of whodunit is this?”
“Removing that from your head was a simple spell, no more.”
Sherlock reaches under the bed and pulls out John's old message bottle.
Despite being angry, John breathes in the ocean air and sighs at the cloud-puffed sky. This is so much better than the tub he was on.
Sherlock wasn’t back, but that wasn’t a surprise. He had the traps to check.
My younger brother, Alphons, is gone, and I am alone. My arm is gone. In its place, automail.
“Why should she get to have it all? She wouldn’t let me walk away, so I made Mary disappear, permanently. If I had more than one bullet, I would have shot you too.”
“I know Sherlock. You were.”
Thank you to the following people who get honorable mentions and  so kindly suggesting really awesome names for our cat in the story. It was really difficult for Sherlock to make a choice. He did narrow it down, then chose one. He's no longer Tuna:
“So long, John,” she said. “If I don’t see you again, nice to know you. If I do, call me.”
“Very efficient. I am particularly impressed with the research and development although a few of your alchemists are halfwits.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He is healing well,” Mycroft sighed. “What did I tell you, little brother?”
“You big, egocentric wanker,” John says.
“I think not. They are most likely waiting for us to come out.”
Sherlock frowns. He missed it.
my sister. I assure you, I am Anthea. I am alive, well and running the British Government, or what’s left of it. I knew Mycroft, your brother as well as any other person alive other than you before you supposedly ‘lost’ your memory. And by the way, drop the whole charade. You know who you are and what you are. Pretending isn’t helping the matters at hand. I’m just sorry that Ms. Kratides found you first.”
He vigorously rubbed his leather-gloved hands over my back. "Body heat," he explained. "That's the key. Keep each other warm. I told you I would share."
John rolls his eyes and motions for Mycroft to take a seat at the table.
“You don’t want people in your way.”
“You decided?”
He’d promised, hadn’t he?
“No. B-O-C-K-S,” Sherlock spells out. “
"I play an instrument also." Sherlock's voice echoed from above like he was some sort of celestial being. "My brother told me not to bring it. He said I would chase away all of my roommates. I of course brought it anyway. I have refrained from playing since coming here."
He wondered what he'd do exactly in this work study for Professor Doyle, and what kind of research he would be doing. He realized he didn't know much about where Doyle's particular interests other than what the professor told them on the first day of class. His specialty was cognitive psychology and his most recent work was on the malleability of human memory. If this was indeed what John would be working on, John grew excited. Memory was fascinating to him. He supposed he could get a leg up on the work and go to the library and look up some of the professor's current research.
“So that was how it went,” he’d said between sips of tea. “I caught our suspect with his hands around his alibi’s throat.”
He’s a chemist, he’s a genius. And she wants him to help synthesize and test a new undetectable drug and use it as an additive to other prescription drugs. From what Sherlock can see, they’re close to perfecting it. An addictive substance, highly addictive, with a subtle euphoric and calming effect. But is it truly undetectable? She wants Sherlock, the detective, to detect the undetectable. If it wasn’t so horrific, it would be comical.
“Yes, I did,” Sherlock says. “Blackbeard.”
That was the sum of John's life savings. He had memories, some good, some bad. He had a family. He had good grades, a high SAT score, and an athletic scholarship to help pay his tuition. He thanked God for the federal grants that made up some of the difference. He'd put in for some small student loans he qualified for, but there was still a gap.
I think we should talk more about this. My eyes are drawn to the two swans that Rosie is feeding. John notices.
“There was a spell block on it, and I was incapacitated!”
“Yes, it often stems from blocking out something that the patient doesn’t want to remember. I think it’s more than likely when he was injured something happened so traumatic that he found it necessary to block it out. Considering what his mission was, the fate of the world resting on his success, I’d say when he knew he’d failed, that would be enough to cause it.” She seems disturbed. John almost wishes he hadn’t shared this with her. But she nods and accepts as she opens the door.
"You aren't the only one in danger. I'm afraid I made Mary rather angry with me. Mycroft thought it best that I hide out with you," he says sheepishly.
“Feed the duckies?” She nods. She’s agreeable.
“Really. That’s not what most people say.”
The man in the bed hesitates, watching John Watson’s fingers gently apply gauze and tape to the top of his hand where he’d removed the IV. “Yes, William Hawkins,” he looks up. His eyes are open wide and have turned an incredible shade of sea green. He hesitates. “It’s all I know.”
“He will fall in love with her,” Sherlock divulged to John. “
I must say the name Blackbeard is a better than Tuna although Sherlock almost kept the silly name since his brother “abhorred it.” The cat’s new name  does fit him. Sherlock agreed, saying that “*Blackbeard is a proper pirate’s name.” Seems that old Blackbeard is living up to his namesake as he’s captured Mrs. Hudson’s heart and stollen my chair. Let’s hope he doesn’t try to take anything else of mine!
“Right, Mr. Holmes.” He holds up a finger. “One moment.”
As John moves his piece around the board, Will looks at the ring John still wears. “You were married. As for the rest of your family, evidence is on the mantel and around the room.” He nods to family photo his wife, daughter and what looks to be his sister. “Wife Mary, daughter Rosie, and Muttonpie.”
“We’re extremely shorthanded. Any assistance would be invaluable to us, and it would give you a chance to work on reining it that attitude.”
Months after she had torn our lives apart, I thought it was possible that I would have my sister back. For weeks we interacted. Our parents visited; I played violin duets with her. I read to her and she to me. We talked. I began to remember so much of what I’d lost. Memories were beginning to return. I had thought deleting unnecessary information was a skill, but it came from a dark place. It seems erasing blocks of my life had begun long ago as a way to protect my mind from the horror of what my own sister had done to me and those I loved.
"This is so tedious." Sherlock rolls his eyes.
"You haven't asked about what happened to Mary," Sherlock says, pointing to his feet. A gecko skitters off between the leaves. "After she realized you weren't really kidnapped. In fact, you haven't asked very many questions at all. That's not like you, John."
The epilogue begins from with John’s POV at Mummy’s for Christmas, then goes to Sherlock's at his Mum's, then at “Skully” Island.
"Time to hike back to the ketch and change those bandages," Sherlock says in that rich baritone that never fails to make John shiver. Sherlock steps over a log and a coconut crab skitters away. His feet sink in the sand, and he extends his hand. John smiles up and takes it, letting Sherlock pull him to his feet.
“I’m afraid I won’t be able to make it.”
.  John loved the sound of that. They said goodbyes to Mycroft and left for 221b.
“What a git,” John had said. “Not very smart.”
“Why, of course!” she says with a flourish and takes John’s arm. Sherlock steps to John’s other side to mediate.
never to his face.
I never used to bother browsing because I was always hurrying through with Rosie in the carrier, or standing half-asleep in the dairy aisle trying to remember if we needed milk. Although I miss the choices now, there used to be so many different kinds, I didn’t know what to choose. I remember Mary always looked a little too happy when I came home, and we were out of something. She'd volunteer to go out no matter what the hour, said a trip to the shops counted as "me time." She...
“Took you long enough to get here, Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “I was running out things to say.”
As he’s writing down his Tesco adventure, John mentally ticks off what he knows. First he’s had some medical training— he certainly knows his way around the hospital. As for being a doctor, John’s not so sure. It seemed if he was, he wouldn’t be on the streets. He also isn’t Welsh. That deep voice is pure English aristocracy. He’s smart, agile, and knows the backstreets of Cardiff. He’s educated. John also knows he’ll be back. John saw the challenge reflected back in those ocean colored eyes as John gasped up at him on his back on the roof.
“So you’re the dearly departed Anthea. Not claiming your sister? Possible sibling issues?”
John rereads the letter. He's almost certain that it's Sherlock's handwriting, but it makes no sense. Why would he enlist Irene Adler and a gang of thugs?
“I've been called that from time to time.”
Sherlock takes the gun, points it at his brother. Mycoft’s eyes go wide as Sherlock pulls the trigger and fires. Mycroft clutches his chest, then crumples to the floor, blood pooling beneath him.
John sighs. It takes a few long seconds before he finally looks into my eyes. “I’ll take your best guess over anyone else’s being certain.”
“Actually, most of what I read was rather dull.”
Then Paranoia stepped in. There was someone watching him. Yes, there he was. And he
“Mrs. Hudson suggested that we should take advantage of the Freemans moving out of 221C and use the space for a bedroom and extra bath and maybe a sitting room.”
It also looks as if it will be up to John to wait to divulge the real plan to Greg later, in private.  John hopes that Lestrade will be in a forgiving mood after.
"In that case..." I grabbed the front of his Belstaff with my other hand and pulled his lips down to mine. They tasted like tea and like hope.
“Always.”
"Hang on to that sentiment. We can continue this some place else. Preferably someplace warmer."
home,” Sherlock interrupts, “and she let John keep me.”
John drops down next to him. “It says on the map that it’s about a foot under,” John says.
John began to climb out of the bed. He wondered if Sherlock hadn't smoked some bad weed. He'd just heard about this pot that was laced with paraquat, that supposedly made people freak.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighs. No, he's not that sorry he's being left out. He decides he should make the best of it until Mary reels him in again to pick out the right complimentary colors for the corsages or ask him if they should have monogramed biscuits for favors. He shudders just thinking of it.
Crime scene? Evidence? John wondered who the hell he had for a roommate.
“It’s the ghost of Raymond Handy,” Sherlock spoke stiffly. “He expired in that very chair you are sitting in. Very bad luck to sit there.”
The bees buzz around their heads. One blue and green butterfly lights on John’s shoulder, and Sherlock’s eyes alight like a child’s. They look over the exotic and some common flora such as roses that John recognizes. The pots in rows, immaculately organized. Sherlock removes his Belstaff, and John his jumper, his undershirt riding up his stomach doesn’t go unnoticed by Sherlock.
“No, thank you. The homeless network is all set up for you. We have the signals down. The warehouses are common flops, so this Kratides lady won’t be the wiser with all my pals hangin' ‘round.”
If he revealed it all to John, he'd put John in danger. It wasn't that he didn't trust John. Although Sherlock had taken risks in the past, trusted, only to be tossed aside, he didn't want to lose John as a friend. He wasn't concerned that sex would interfere with his friendship. He wanted John Watson, and already had a taste of what sex was like with him. He wanted it again.
"I'm sure you were," he said, gracefully slipping his elegantly lean body between the desk and one of the filing cabinets.
The words bring a blush to his cheeks, and John shakes his head.
“You didn’t?!” Nurse Sarah exclaims.
Whatever Thomas gave her begins to take effect. Her eyes start to slip shut, yet she struggles to speak. “I n-never. G-got to. S-say. G-goodbye.”
"How do I do what, John?"
That’s what John had said.
"Your brother has tried to protect your whereabouts, but it seems there's been a leak. Your brother needs more time to come up with a convincing cover for the untimely death of Mr. Magnuessen. It's very delicate work manipulating the media." She swats a mosquito off of her arm.
“Hope nothing serious.”
John ticks away the seconds and minutes in his head, but the real Sherlock doesn’t enter. Blackbeard jumps off the bed. John hears him purr and preen on the floor.
“Someone’s lives all there on a wall with no one to remember them,” John says sadly.
"How?" John wonders where one could have...sex.
Sherlock pulls the dresser from the wall and taped behind the mirror is a folded piece of paper from a sketch pad.
Sherlock hesitates. John knows the look well. It's a Sherlock not sure if he's ready to tell him the truth. He seems to struggle with himself for a few moments. "Recently. A few weeks. I had a relapse. Of course you realize it." He sighs. "I knew I wouldn't be able to hide it from you. That's another reason why..."
He supposes he can understand why Sherlock has waited. It seems safe to ask in this place that's so far removed from civilization. "You may as well tell me the rest now, though."
I wanted to slap myself in the head—or better yet, slap him in the head. So he
Sherlock’s trained eyes detected a glint here and there from the bleachers. No one other than him would notice this, but it was clear that James had marksmen at the ready. Sherlock was certain one of the rifles belonged to a Mary Morstan.
things like that to people," John had sputtered.
“You’re right. Who is this person?” John didn’t know if he dared to hope, especially since this could very be someone Moriarty sent. He wondered where in the heck Mycroft’s men were who were supposed to be watching the house.
They walked side-by-side in companionable silence. The storm had finished and the clouds gone from the night sky. In its place a half moon looked down on them as they walked around puddles on the sidewalks. By the time they’d reached the dorm, John had plenty of time to think about what he was going to say to Sherlock. Except he still wasn’t sure what it would be.
Most of all I want thank MrBotanyB, whose collaboration, inspiration, and partnership I treasure as much as Sherlock does his John Watson. No matter where life takes us or how far, I will always be here. Please remember that.
I’m not escorted to the usual visitors’ center. Instead we go to a private interrogation room. Instead of the usual white, we have a pale blue room with padded chairs, laminated table and two CCTV cameras. Vivian is already there. She’s wearing simple beige trousers and a cotton blouse in a floral print. Her hair is styled the same bob cut, but she’s taken less effort to cover the grey.
out."
He was even more annoyed with me after I said that. It may be why he didn’t tell me she hugged him or gave him her number.
“You do remember.”
There are times when Sherlock is annoyed that John states the obvious, at other times, he wants to applaud.
The lights from the building no longer reached him. No moon tonight. It was dark, utterly pitch-black. The blood in his ears thumped madly as he cautiously stepped deeper into the darkness. This is what he wanted. Excitement. A thick cluster of elderberry bushes and evergreens. Oak and maple trees. A lot of dark things to hid behind.
John's legs shifted as he rolled around under the quilt. Before the items at the end could get twisted into the quilt or tossed aside, Sherlock silently leaned over the bed and snatched them up.
John ran his hands through his hair in anger and frustration. Sherlock carefully took a seat in the desk chair, facing John. He could see the pulse throbbing in John's neck and how John took a deep breath to regain control before he began talking again.
“How does it feel, having the little brother you wanted to save betray you, that he chose all this? That Sherlock caused Pandora and all your pain? It feels exquisite to me.”
Sherlock looks at her. She doesn’t believe he remembers everything. If she did, Mycroft said she wouldn’t have a use for him. She would kill him. He doesn’t believe she needs him to become her mad scientist. It is about revenge.
“How are swans and bats even related?” John sighs.
"Mycroft. Must we talk about him?"
John found making friends easy enough, but these first days were busy—finding where his classes were, buying books, and getting settled took all his time. He didn’t have much time for making friends. He supposed he was making excuses for not getting very close to other people. He knew just from the last couple days that living within these paper-thin walls of *Baker Hall, he’d get to know people a little too intimately.
Sherlock's shoulders sag. "Very well. We could pretend that you're Sherlock Holmes and I'm John Watson, and that you know nothing of sex whatsoever, and I, Three Continents Watson, must instruct you."
John licked his lips and bared his teeth, but he never took his sights off Moran’s head. Sherlock's eyes shifted pointedly toward the table.
It’s the point of no return. They either go back now and make it to the other side of the causeway, or they stay until the next low tide.
————-
I shut the car door and Rosie waves to me. “Bye-bye!”
As Sherlock followed, he hadn’t resigned himself to going with Moriarty yet. Other than killing the bastard or being killed, he didn’t know how to save John. Calling his brother for help was no longer out of the question. He may have to have his help.
The same gentle hands cup the back of my head, and he helps me steady the glass with my good hand as he tips the cup. I take a few swallows. It's heaven.
“I’ve often wondered about that very question myself,” I say.
"I'm not sure."
"Hello?" he said. "John Watson speaking."
I'd seen patients with this before. They were unable to store new memories, which explained the note and her obsessively referencing it. That's why she hadn't really presented a typical picture of shock. It also most likely explaining her staring up at the stairs. Her long-term memory expecting someone from her past to appear there. A parent, a sibling.
"Otter Valley it is." He straddles John, thumping down hard on his chest.
On to the Epilogue:
Sherlock Holmes looked in the mirror above the sink and swiped off a circle in the steam with the back of his hand. Funny how he looked the same: same shirt, same thick, curly dark hair, same ringlets still hanging in his eyes with the same stray tufts sticking out on the sides. His eyes were the same ever-changing shades of blue and green with the same dark shadows under them. It was inside, under his skin, where the difference lay. He yawned in the mirror just like any other morning, except this morning he wasn't at home: he was at this American motor service area. This Rest Area 818. He wondered how he could look the same yet feel so changed inside. He wondered if people would look at him and know. Not that he really cared.
How had he misjudged this? He was certain he’d sent John the text message in enough time so John would reach him before she managed to kill him.
Mrs. Hudson usually gets the door this early and leaves the late afternoon and evening guests to us, but she’s off for the weekend with “a friend.” She’s been off with a friend frequently these last weeks.
“Cardiff Infirmary would go to pieces without you,” says Greg, half joking as he playfully cuffs John’s shoulder.
I hear John take another deep breath to prepare.
“You know it was an act.” Sherlock blinks and ignores her. “Why ever did you and Lestrade wait so long to intervene?”
John may say he believes that I didn’t shoot her, but if Eurus is behind any of this, she may have planted some doubt.
We walked in silence together to Baker Street. My heart pounded the whole way. As we climbed the steps, he avoided the loose board on the fourth step.
“About that,” John says. It’s obvious John’s about to wave another carrot on a stick. William wonders how else John will surprise him. “Since I’m a doctor, well
Although I recognize the poem immediately, the man dressed as Batman looks at me expectantly as if I should immediately know the  message hidden within.
“You forgot to take your meds, didn’t you? Your pupils are dilated.” John knows Art is a paramedic and a good one. John gets his attention. “Sherlock needs to be looked after as well. I’d appreciate it if you’d check his vitals.”
“Really?” John looked at her closely. He should have guessed it. “Do you know James well?”
“Alright, Bruce Wayne,” John says, wiping his eyes. “Stop struggling, and Sherlock will let go of you.”
“Actually, Mike suggested it,” John repeats, sitting on the edge of William’s bed. “It’s a nice flat. Extra bedroom. I could use someone around to help out. Mrs. Hudson’s there alone at times. You’d be someone else she could count on, and having a flatmate, we can watch each other’s backs. And it’s better than some old attic.”
“Can do. Helpin’ you out is more than payin’ back a favor; I’m helpin’ a friend. And that goes for all others as well. It wasn’t hard gettin’ volunteers to do this for you. We want you to know you havin’ us all work together, gives us a purpose.”
“I'm coming with you,” John says. "From now on, what we do, we do together."
Rosie holds out her hands. Only fine crumbs remain in her upturned palms. John releases my hand.
"Five days in and out," he says.
"No. Not in a while. I'm going through a dry spell, I guess." John bit his bottom lip and continued to play his guitar.
It’s not so hard to find the place, but he pulls out Mycroft’s map from his pocket to be sure. Mycroft has drawn the shape of the island meticulously with its landmarks clearly detailed in the flourish and colour of a child’s mind, skull and crossbones included. Sherlock may know his way, but the map grounds him; it’s a reassuring part of a childhood ritual, much like the treasure maps Sherlock drew as a child.
“They told me if I didn’t come to 221B Baker Street and give the famous Sherlock Holmes a letter that they would make me and mine disappear.”
On Swans and why I love them.
“Well, it does bring out your eyes. But that shade of lipstick. Clashes with the dress!”
Sherlock's eyes have become dark, dangerous. John knows that look. He'd seen it in the poor lighting of that pool with Moriarty, but never in the light of day. "What are you leaving out?"
“We do,” Molly says.
Have no real notes of insights for this chapter. I could explain a bit about
"I am hurt. We will be out here shortly. If not, I will have you call Mycroft," Sherlock said.
Of course the greatest snowstorm of the last hundred years was going to hit this area tonight! John cursed under his breath. He continued to squint out the window to catch a glimpse of what Sherlock saw. Then he spotted it: a small moving black void within the mass of white.
"Share? Since when do you share."
“I decided it was time.”
Of course I’ve committed the blog on BAMFs to memory. Another characteristic it stated was that BAMFs embrace the out of place or weird. It is not only acceptable, it’s revered. No wonder John became fascinated with me. It was as simple as John loves danger. It’s who he is.
insinuating herself in our lives as lover, friend, and therapist.
“There you go again! Putting the weight of the world on his shoulder!”
“Why would she even care?”
"According to this," Sherlock tapped a thermometer on the wall, "it is -18 C. We'll need to keep our core temperature from dropping to dangerous levels. Come here, John."
John stepped away. His hands shook, his stomach cramped as Steven turned his back on him.
But Moriarty made a mistake. Or he hadn't. Sherlock believed Moriarty had intentionally left the evidence. Either way it didn't matter. The evidence tied James to the crimes, but it also tied Sherlock. The only thing that saved Sherlock from arrest was that Lestrade knew Moriarty's cunning handiwork. He saw the trap Moriarty set. That by implicating himself, he was trying to force Sherlock into his world.
Sherlock’s mouth curled up.
I laugh as he reaches across the table and takes my hand.
I remember John the doctor doing nothing to save his wife. I remember doing nothing myself. No one did.
Sherlock practically shouts. "It is!" Sherlock's excitement is contagious. He races down the airstrip with John jogging at his heels—as though that would bring them any closer to what's happening beyond the reef.
Meet? He's still unsure. He thinks he understands. It
"Shouldn't she find that note soon?" I squeezed his cock. His hands were still there, long nimble fingers rubbing the length of me.
, Sherlock thought.
John told him not to think of such things.That reading people’s emotions is hard. He said, “Sherlock, you aren’t perfect. Part of me hopes that Helena Smith shows Lestrade her bogus files. Then we can get this behind us.”
“Landlady...she’s... what?! Now how in the bloody hell did you know that?” It’s easy enough to surmise he’s never left, but Mrs. Hudson? That’s brilliant.
“Thank you.”
I do know Mary’s reason. She feared for her life. I believe she also feared for John and Rosie’s lives as well. The best way to leave them safe was to leave them forever. This was to be a staged death. Eurus helped. The letter was to be part of it, but it never came about because Vivian made it real. I tell him this.
you doing?”
With an elegant wave of his arm, Moriarty declared that killer had kept the top half—not as a souvenirbut to become one with the victim. He nimbly hopped over some intestines and landed on the same foot, meeting Lestrade and Anderson, who stood inspecting some of the viscera.
There stands Mycroft in the same disguise as he appeared to Sherlock yesterday— his rumpled, gentlemanly continence a juxtaposition of his former self.
Stuff that! He’s seen plenty of people meditate. His sister for one. It’s usually in a planned space, but yes, he remembers his sister saying she did it in other places, not always quiet. It’s odd where he does it. Not like he chooses the time or place. Yet, when he snaps out of it, Will is there with John immediately. No fog or confusion. He’s completely there. So it’s not a seizure or meditation as he knows it. He doesn’t take it up further with Will. Yet. He knows if it continues, he’ll have to address it. Again.
Although he understood why John kept it: sentimental reasons. Sherlock had his own. Christmas morning, an eight-year-old Sherlock had unwrapped a shiny spy glass from his Uncle Rudy. This treasure became his constant companion. While the spy glass had its practical uses, that was not why Sherlock cherished it. It was that it was from his Uncle Rudy, who'd gifted the spy glass to his nephew with love. He even wrote it on the card (which Sherlock also kept): To my curious young scientist Sherlock from your dear Uncle Rudy.
The entire bed rocked ever so gently. Perfect rhythm.
"We played with his cords..."
And while he was playing the guitar, John was pretty certain that Sherlock had been actually flirting with him. No way he was sharing that with Molly. He didn't begin to know what to do with that tidbit.
Understanding his brother may be impossible. A paradox. Mycroft is an expert at hiding from the world. He’s hid from his own brother secrets that Sherlock is sure he’ll never uncover.
“Where ever did you come up with that atrocious name?” Sherlock says to Mycroft.
“Well, that’s just what I need,” John says, sarcasm dripping with every word, ”someone else to treat!” John sighs and resignedly kneels next to the thief. He’s a doctor before anything else. That’s why he’s still here— still alive. He immediately checks the thief’s pulse and pupils.
He became a puzzle to be solved. He never should have gone on the second date, he never should have gone home with him, but Moriarty piqued the detective inside him. Maybe there he could find something of the man, but his flat was as blank a slate as Moriarty. But there were no books or papers about, no hints of interest, no skulls—just luxurious white walls and simple, nihilistic chrome furnishings, along with a leviathan of a leather couch.
“I don’t recall how I felt about it, but I do know this is one I intend to win. I have an idea, John.” Sherlock flips the buttons in his hand.
But when he had no other reason to, Moriarty couldn't resist wooing others. He complimented Lestrade's diplomacy with Anderson, his patience with the young lad. He even admired Lestrade's hair, which made Lestrade blush and Sherlock jealous.
Mrs. Hudson leaves them “time to be alone” but not before giving them some posh cheese on toast.
At lunchtime he's confronted by an irate Molly, stomping over to his table, electronic notebook clutched tightly in her hands. “Why didn’t you tell me he was conscious and responsive?”
“Like fake news?” John asks.
As for the cryptic message and who might be compromising Greg’s department? Sherlock says it has to do with
"Oh, to hell with it," Sherlock blurted out. He lurched forward at John.
From Sherlock’s fingers dangled John’s grandfather’s dog tags. He held them out as he walked over to John. “I picked them up that night off the ground after you’d left.”
Instead of rising to the confrontation, Sherlock is quiet. "I pulled you off that ledge."
“No headache.”
“You’re very talented. It seems a waste to leave it behind.”
Neither of them could live with that hanging over them.
John rolled his eyes.
He began to leave. Stopped. He continued to face the door as he spoke. “Oh, one more tiny thing? You know that heart? The one you think you don’t have? It’s there, and I’m going to burn it out of you.”
How could he admit this to John without losing his respect and trust? Best to be as vague as possible.
The jet lands to refuel, but there's no opportunity to escape. Wherever they're heading, John is certain it's no place he'll want to be.
She nodded. “I think your roommate hurt you in some way. The professor implied that it had to do with trust. My guess is that you thought he was your friend and he took advantage of your friendship. That’s hard to forgive.”
“John, I’d like that. I don’t even know if I could leave you if you made me.”
"Hello, I’m here to take care of you," he says to me and winks. The doctor turns to Rodrick. "I don't care what your master wants. It's happening."
I was afraid—afraid that it might be true and afraid that it might not.
The room is in a sudden chaos. Where is John? He needs to know. It’s selfish to say it when it’s too late, but he can’t let what he feels die even if he must.
His dad still went to the tavern on Wednesday, but gradually that one night turned to a few nights that turned into every weeknight. One beer turned to three beers, then more. John saw his dad less and less. He missed throwing the baseball on weekends. It hurt his heart to see his mom set a plate at the table that never got dirty.
