“Oh, okay,” Dean answered, as a look of understanding crossed both his and Cas's faces. “Let's get to it, then.”
"Well that's just not gonna happen, sweetheart!" Dean says back to the Voice. No sooner than the words leave his mouth, Dean is moving - but not of his own volition. There are suddenly what looks like /cuffs/ on both his wrists and ankles, glowing and pulsating with the same pale, white glow as the dots when he first discovered them. They are dragging him forwards, to the center of the room.
“Why all the hostility?” he asked. “Surely a couple of neighbors can have a friendly chat in the halls.”
It was another half hour before the doctor finally stepped through the door. By that time Cas had gotten up to pace about the room, and Dean was ready to climb the freakin' walls or, better yet, just leave, consequences be damned.
!” Dean said, his eyebrows flying towards his hairline in sudden understanding. After a moment, his smirk widened into a full, wide grin. “Sure, Cas. That'd be fine.” Cas's eyes lit up even brighter than they did when Dean agreed to shower together. “So... how do you wanna...?” Dean trailed off, letting Cas figure it out.
Halfway across the room, Charlie stopped, suddenly realizing that her charges were no longer by her side. She turned around in a complete circle before finding the pair right where she'd left them by the door. She rushed back to them, a knowing smile plastered to her face. “Yeah, I know. It's a lot to take in, right?”
“You're welcome,” Benny said, “and we'll get someone in here to finish cleaning up that mess.”
Dean looked down and saw that he had Cas's hand in a Death grip; it's a wonder none of the bones had snapped. “Oh! Sorry.” Dean loosened his grip, but Cas grabbed the offending appendage before his mate could get away.
There was just too much going on all at once, and he needed time to think, but that was a luxury he was not allowed at this time. “Is there gonna be a service for Gabriel?”
“Cas,” Dean huffed out, giving the twittery man a sleepy smirk, “just spit it out, man.”
Only to have it slip from his hands...
to one, but I seem to know that much about them.”
,” Eileen signed angrily. She got up and left, going in the same direction as her bondmates.
being the optimal word.
– with
Meg huffed a laugh, “No, definitely not terrible. We should do it again sometime, yeah?”
“Guys, let us explain-” Benny tried, but was quickly interrupted by Dean.
“Uh, yeah, Cas. Wh- why do you ask?”
Cas chuckled then said, “Alright, what did you have in mind?” Dean didn't even mention the swimming idea, so he assumed that was out too.
“Oh yeah, I know exactly how long you were waitin',” Rufus said, “but excuse me for havin' a literal
“Oh,” is all Dean said, his brow furrowing slightly. He hadn't even noticed that.
“Yes. Henhouses. And in a henhouse, you have one rooster and multiple hens. That way, you get a pretty decent egg production, right?”
Though, when Dean finally located the shower his heart nearly leapt out of his chest.
“Well I don't like that idea at all,” Dean announced, frowning.
– be monitored by any and all other members of the Council. However, in each facility, there's always at least one conference room that is free of any and all surveillance, accessible only to Council members so that a private conversation could be had if it was absolutely necessary. And this was most definitely necessary.
Anger and aggression were now permeating the air in the room. Inexplicably, Dean had the strong desire to lower his head and back away in submission at the scent of so much sudden Alpha-ness in the atmosphere. The Omega-like response pissed him off and he fought against it, standing by his mate's side with typical Dean-like stubbornness. If someone was going to threaten his mate, he'd be damned if he was going to leave his side.
“Do you feel better?” Castiel asked once Dean had stepped out.
“Ah,” Doctor Rufus said as he closed the door behind him, not seeming the least bit surprised. “I figured it was somethin' like that.” Arms crossed, he turned back to the mated pair, raised an eyebrow and said, “Well, congratulations.”
comfier than the stiff padding on the examination table and the nearly paper thin pillow that they'd paired it with. The downright squishiness of them went a long way to making him feel less nervous – not as much as Cas, of course, but enough that he felt like he could fall asleep at any moment.
Cas suppressed the urge to scream at Alfie again since that tactic was wholly unsuccessful the first time around and he doubted that it would work if he tried it a second time. Also, he just remembered, he could pick up on Alfie's distress, so he had to calm himself down, just in case Alfie could register his emotions as well. It was hard though. Every time he tried to calm down, he would just remember that he had no idea where Dean was or if his mate was even okay.
“Sooo, what's Phase Three?” Cas asked, apprehension clear in his voice.
Cas closed the door and immediately rushed to Dean's side. He could smell his Omega's distress wafting off of him in waves as soon as the door opened.
to cover it with.
Tears threatened to spill from Dean's eyes as he was pounded into against his will by a stranger, yet again. He just didn't understand why this was happening to him. Why
As they each came down from their respective highs, Cas lavishing even more kisses to Dean's neck and shoulders, and Dean lying boneless beneath his mate, limp and satiated, Cas ventured to ask a question. “You wanna tell me what that was about?”
“Those are the spark plugs.”
by Alistair, and having his memory of the trauma erased! Then being indoctrinated into a brand new society and finding out he was
“Hm?”
“Alright,” Dean announced once he had eaten his fill. He set his platter aside before continuing, “Now how about something to drink?” he asked the room.
"I guess we just... wait?"
“Nope. Not a clue. It's all hush-hush. Something the Council has him doing for them.”
He turns around to look at Cas, hands in pockets, lips pressed together in worry. Cas only nods shortly, a half-hearted smile on his face that makes Dean harden his gaze a little.
And so the next few days, Dean is tense and overthinking as he tries to come up with a way to talk to Cas. Sam pretends not to notice and Cas shoots him worried glances. One time, Cas puts a hand on his shoulder, and Dean drops his mug of coffee on the ground. Sam tries not to laugh.
Sam doesn’t look in the backseat, but Cas does, just to make sure, and all he finds is a large bloodstain that Dean would probably have cried over. A stain on his baby? Cas looks at Sam, who grimaces and starts the car.
“You say that like it’s a good thing.”
Cas takes the first breath of this new life with his eyes closed, face turned upwards. He was smiling, though the clouds covered the sun and the chill in the air snuck under his trenchcoat. This wasn’t like his last time waking up from the empty. It wasn’t sunny, and he wasn’t an angel. Maybe it was his newfound humanity, or maybe it was the contrast of Jack’s rebuilt heaven against Earth, but there was an ache in Castiel’s side and a pounding in his head and the smell of car exhaust. Still, it was life.
“Sam should be back at the car by now, we should go before more angels find their way back to us, We’ve got Baby warded,”
“How was the last case?”
“I can’t,”
“I figured I could get some stuff done while you sleep.”
He was knocked in the teeth, an injury he’s had countless times, but never has he bled before. Never has it hurt like this.
“Cas it ain’t just in the saying. I mean that’s great and all, for you, but you can have it, hell, you already do. You have me. And I’m sorry it took me till now to say it, but I love you. Of course I love you.”
It comes out much too casual, and much too vague, and Cas easily misinterprets it.
They don’t say anything for a minute, caught up in just smiling at each other, and then Dean’s hand comes out and lands on Cas’ arm, it’s soft at first, then he’s rubbing his thumb across Cas’ arm and it makes his heart melt and do flips and all that stupid human stuff. Dean Winchester is smiling at him and Cas thinks he could die right here and now. He thinks he needs to say something. To do something. But nothing is big enough. Nothing is grand enough.
“What do you want to talk about?” Cas asks, tipping his head towards Dean.
“I love you too,” Dean says, his voice is thick and his hand moves from Cas’ arm to the back of his neck. “God, Cas, I love you.”
“Dean?”
As soon as the demon has fallen, Cas does too, and Dean races forward, catching him under the arms and holding him up.
“Wanting something for yourself.” Cas finishes for him. Dean looks scared, but he doesn’t deny it.
“Your phone is ringing,” Cas says, stating the obvious, but Dean can’t go get it because that would mean letting go of Cas, letting his guard down. If the empty did come back…
”How’s life on the road?”
“I know you weren’t.” Jack says. “We need to talk.”
He puts more research in than he would a normal case and he’s not sure if he did it on purpose, but they deserved the thought and respect and they certainly didn’t get it in life. He finds their graves, digging the bodies up with reverence. They didn’t deserve it any less because of who they were.
Cas only looks at him and Dean nods, like he’s come to a decision. The words are out now, all Cas has to do is hear them. And he does. His eyes are wide. Dean keeps talking, he’s been holding himself back for so long, now everything has gone to shit, the world is in shambles, and by some miracle Cas is still right here, looking at Dean like he’s everything he could ever hope for and Dean is tired of letting Cas get away with thinking that Dean doesn’t love him just as much, that he doesn’t want him back.
Regardless of how it happens, Cas’ room hasn’t been in use for almost a week, and Dean steals blankets and takes up too much space, he rolls over, crowding Cas to the very edge of the bed until he has to push Dean back to his own side, and every morning, they wake up right next to each other. It’s a miracle Sam hasn’t noticed yet.
“Don’t move, I’m coming.” Sam says, and Cas doesn’t really think about how worn his voice sounds. He doesn’t really think about how he didn’t say ‘we’. He sits down on the pavement next to the payphone with his own dead cellphone in one hand and the wrapper of his burger in the other, and he waits with a smile on his face.
“I missed you too. I only wish it weren’t so soon.”
‘I saw a good man because that’s what you are, Dean. You didn’t need to believe it, but you were. You were kind and you were deserving and you were completely and wholly beautiful. I make to you the same promise you made me; to live. To do the best that I can. I love you, Dean Winchester, and I will until the day I die. Until then. Love, Cas.’
“Then we’ll train you, Sam and I weren't perfect at first either,” Dean promises. He glares at Cas until Cas nods in agreement, and then he turns back to the tomato sauce he has heating next to the pasta. “You’re still the guy who pulled me out of fucking hell, man. I’m sure you’ll be just as badass in human form.”
“I’m in love with you, Cas. I want you, with me… for every goddamn fight and… I want to retire with you.”
“You’ve done well.” Cas says softly. “Chuck is gone, the world is as safe,”
thank you for reading!!!
“Fine.” Sam shrugs, climbing awkwardly into the back and folding up his long legs. “Happy now?”
It was week two when Sam came home to Dean in the library, he was still trying to find a way to get Cas back with a beer out on the table and a bandage around his hand, knuckles looking scraped and bruised. When Sam sat down wordlessly and opened a book to help, Dean didn’t even look at him.
“I know,”
“He’s okay?” Dean asks, most of his brain has jumped ship, going into shock or panic or hope or an odd mix of all three, his chest squeezes when Jack grins.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says.
Dean looks at him, nodding quickly and looking away.
Still, when they get back to the bunker, Dean looks at Cas with something a little too meaningful to be nothing, and Sam and Jack head to bed so it’s just the two of them and a glass of whiskey.
Cas had always assumed his ending would be one of unhappiness. Suffering and depression until his last moment, and though he had ended his life happily, the prospect of living out a full human one with Dean made his heart soar. He smiled to himself and found a park bench to sit on outside a McDonalds drive through.
“Jack…”
Dean only looks at his father for a minute. He should have expected that.
He sits at the table with the third or fourth or fifth beer of the night and he pulls out his wallet, which really is a sad excuse for a wallet, but there’s a pocket knife in one of the pockets and he taps it on the table a few times, considering. Then he flips it open and scratches ‘Castiel’ into the table next to the rest of their names. It feels off, because Cas didn’t write it himself. Or maybe because Castiel isn’t ‘Castiel’ anymore, he’s just ‘Cas’. But he is ‘of god’. Not in relation to Chuck… he’s just… divine. Godly and powerful and divine in every sense of the word.
“Don’t ever fucking do that again,” Dean says as soon as he can get his mouth to work.
“Why not?”
“Thanks, man.”
Another ten minutes and Cas calls Sam. Sam wouldn’t ignore him, so when there’s no answer there either, he begins to worry. That’s when his phone clicks off in his hand. Dead.
“I love you too Cas.”
They’re both grinning through tears and kissing again. They’re both walking towards Dean’s room.
“We could go on a road trip.” Dean suggests.
“Why not?” Cas says eyes searching, not quite mocking, but Dean feels like he’s being told off. “Because you think you don’t deserve it?” He leans toward Dean over the arm of his chair, only a little “Dean Winchester I have never met anyone more deserving than you,”
“Emotional support?”
Now he lets his hand linger on Cas’ shoulder and his back and he rests it on his knee when they’re sitting side by side. He let himself lean in closer to him, and has no shame in kicking Sam into the back so Cas could ride shotgun. Sam would think they were dating if they hadn’t always been close like this. He would’ve thought they finally got their shit together if Dean didn’t look away every time Cas looked up.
“My back,” Cas says, and Dean is already helping him pull off his trench coat and suit jacket.
“I’m okay, I’m good.” Dean mumbles and Cas tilts his head to the side, inspecting a bruise forming on his cheekbone. “Don’t heal me, Cas.” Dean says and Cas looks at him sadly before nodding.
“As if you wouldn’t do the same thing,” Cas says, rolling his eyes, Dean almost smiles at that, but then Cas is looking at him seriously again. “I would sacrifice myself for you a hundred times over.”
“I don’t know about you, and I know there’s an apocalypse we should be dealing with, but I kind of don’t want to be alone right now,” Dean jokes with watery eyes.
It’s the fifth of December at four AM, and he’s been sitting here behind Baby’s wheel for two hours. He’s not driving, the car is off and he bounces his thumb across the wheel as he decides whether he wants to go anywhere at all. If maybe he just wants to stay here, in this cold ass garage and wait for Sam to wake up and call him back inside.
Now Sam has to look at this corpse, the face that doesn’t really look like Dean at all, though he’s looked like this a thousand times before. He had to lower this weightless heavy body to the ground. Onto the dirt, and it wasn’t holy enough for him, it wasn’t good enough, but Dean was never holy, he only seemed that way to Sam.
The doctor tells Cas that he’s all set, prescribed some pain meds, and soon enough he’s sitting up in his bed, burger in hand, looking so fucking human.
He thought he wasn’t allowed to be anything but straight. He wasn’t supposed to be. He needed to be straight because that’s what Dad wanted, what Sam wanted, what he, himself wanted. But he also wasn’t sure he was allowed to belong to a community that was based around love. All Dean does is kill and repress emotions. He didn’t have time to question trivial things like his sexuality. That was fine. It just wasn’t for him…
“I want that too,” Cas says, “you know, for someone who’s no good at this, you’re doing an awfully good job.”
Cas looks at Dean, eyes wide and hopeful but apprehensive. “I don’t follow.”
“Not yet, they didn’t pick up. Jack wouldn’t have sent me back without warning if they were in danger though.” Cas says, Claire nods even though Cas can’t see her and they both revel in the fact that Cas is alive. He has a phone to his ear and an itch in his shoe and he’s starving, but he’s here, and isn’t that wonderful.
“I’m sorry.”
So they drink and talk and drink some more and they end up closer than they were when they first sat down, but neither of them move and neither of them mind. Dean puts his hand on Cas’ thigh for leverage when he stands up and Cas stumbles after him, catching himself with a hand on Dean’s shoulder. They leave their empty glasses out and their blood stained jackets draped carelessly over their chairs and they head to bed, lazily brushing shoulders as they make their way to their rooms. Giggling, they trip over each other when Cas turns abruptly towards his bedroom door. Dean thinks Cas must be nearly human. He seems just as tipsy as Dean is. They fall asleep in separate rooms and separate beds. Worlds away. Dean’s never felt so lost and so at home at once.
Little does Sam know, Miracle will soon begin to favor Dean’s bed to the pile of blankets on the ground, even though Cas, Dean, and a dog don’t all fit into one small bed.
“No one ever does,”
“You’re never imposing. Sometimes you’re the only thing that feels good in this world.”
“We don’t need to talk about it.” Cas says. Dean considers that maybe Cas doesn’t want to talk about it.
“I’m not sure.”
“I assumed.”
“If I’ve misread things…”
Champagne problems
They hash out everything that night. Every sick and twisted feeling, every insecurity and fear and fight. They get it all out in the open and it’s new for Dean. It’s new for Cas too, but it feels good. Dean doesn’t kiss him, and he thinks he should have, but he was scared out of his fucking mind, he may have opened up that night, but he still wasn’t perfect. He still had a lifetime worth of trauma and experience in suppressing emotions. He was scared shitless. Cas takes his hand back eventually and Dean puts out the fire while Cas puts away the food.
“Not really.” He shakes his head. “I wanted to talk to you though.”
“You bleed Castiel. You bleed red.” The angel says, “Do your friends know? Does Dean Winchester know what you sacrificed for him?”
“He knows we cared, Dean.”
They’ve had reunions similar to this before. They’ve both died far too many times, but this time it’s different. This time Dean clings to him with a purpose. He doesn’t know how to say it. He doesn’t know if he’s still allowed to want this, if Cas has changed his mind, if maybe he misinterpreted his final words. He can’t say it out loud, but he hugs Cas with every emotion he has, hoping the angel can pick up on it. When Dean pulls away, finally, Sam goes in to hug him as well.
“G’morning,” he whispers.
Cas repays the favor. Of course, he regrets not being able to make the nightmares go away with a single touch, but it seems that Cas’ presence alone helps. With an arm around Dean’s waist and a gentle kiss on the back of Dean’s head, Cas thinks maybe he can keep Dean safe even without his grace.
The back of Cas’ white button up is soaked through with blood, the cloth sticking to his skin and Dean freezes for a moment before he sets into action, keeping Cas upright while trying to get the shirt off so he can assess the damage. They don’t have the time or supplies to get Cas to the motel and fix the wounds, even trying to carry him to the impala would jostle him too much. So While Dean Holds Cas against him, Sam calls an ambulance.
“Cas there are more. I got almost everyone out, but it’s crawling with vamps down there.”
"If he didn’t already know he loved Cas, this would be the moment he realized. If there ever was a moment he doubted whether Cas were an angel… if he hadn’t known angels were actually assholes… he’d say Cas is angelic. He’s otherworldly. He’s gorgeous, ethereal, breathtaking. All the stupid cliche stuff he sometimes hates himself for feeling. Dean feels all of it. Cas is everything and Dean is absolutely in love with him. For once, he’s not sure he can push the thought away."
“He told you…?” Sam says gently.
“You would have been alive to live out your life, there’s not much I can do to help anymore, anyway.” Cas’ voice is sour.
also, please comment if you want to, it literally makes my entire day
He puts on his headphones and listens to the mix tape he made Cas. He falls asleep with Miracle on his lap and the tape playing.
“But I’m not…” Dean sighs, searching his own thoughts for what he feels so he can put it into words. “I’m angry that you made a deal, Cas. I’m angry you didn’t tell us. I’m angry you felt like you couldn’t come to me, I’m angry at myself for shutting you out. But I’m not mad at you for… ” Dean trails off, looking at Cas, hoping he can fill in the blanks.
“Sit down.” Dean smiles and points to the chair next to Sam. His heart is pounding, but he skillfully ignores it. “Got something to say.”
“And do what?” Cas tilts his head wonderingly. Dean shrugs, finishing his glass and pouring another one, he tops off Cas’ too.
“You wanna dance?” Dean holds out his hand. Cas takes it and Dean pulls him up and close. One hand on Cas’ lower back and the other still in his own hand. Cas’ shoulder comes up to rest on Dean’s shoulder over where the hand print used to be.
“I’m doing pretty awful, Cas.”
“You’re like halfway out the door, dude, get back over here,” And Dean certainly isn’t going to panic about this later because it’s a very platonic thing to say.
Dean nods. He gets it. He does. And in the end he’s happy for Sam. He wants this for him. But he’s scared, and he can’t tell if it’s for himself or for Sam. Maybe both of them.
Somehow, Dean finds himself standing at the edge of the universe. He’s staring out at a bloody sea, the rain falls heavy like heaven’s tears as God chokes on air by his feet. He doesn’t know what he’ll do now. He’s not sure how he’s supposed to live without something to kill. But when they get home, Cas settles down beside him with a glass of whiskey and a smile.
“No.” Dean says shaking his head. “No way.” Cas looks away at the same time that Sam throws his hands up in the air.
“My wings are gone.”
The second time Cas wakes up, the bed is empty, the blankets are tucked more securely around Cas and although he’s been left alone in the bed, he doesn’t feel abandoned, he feels cared for. He knows they probably won’t mention it. But he also knows he wasn’t the only one who found comfort in their shared space.
“So tell him,”
this is the end <3
“We have people, Dean. We have family.” Sam says, as if he can read Dean’s mind.
“We’re glad to have you here, Cas.” Dean nods in understanding and gets up to get another beer from the kitchen.
“Then talk to him.”
Maybe it was selfish of him to want someone who so clearly isn’t ready for this, but Cas is tired of being selfless. Like he told Dean, they could both use some selfishness on the grand scale. Cas thinks Dean is pretty grand. And maybe he’s wrong. Maybe Dean is ready.
“Well, I am. We don’t have any impending doom hanging over us at this particular moment, so… I’d say we’re pretty good.”
“He’s... he’s in the hospital.”
They’re back on the road in only fifteen minutes, Sam is still in the back, even though he and Dean have made up, and Cas looks pleased to be in the front seat again.
“You wanna be human.”
“It will hurt just as much knowing you never took a chance. Eileen and I have made things work. And maybe this is a sign we should start trying to settle down.”
And so they stay there for a few more minutes, talking in hushed voices and laughing and they feel kind of refreshed after that. When Dean stands, stretching out his back, he looks back down at Cas like he’s considering something. Like he’s deciding between life and death.
“I don’t- I don’t know how to do this. How did you do this?”
“Welcome,” He greets anyway, and he cradles his father’s fearful soul safely. Bobby will know what to say. If Cas were still here, he would greet him, it could still be their happy ending. But fifteen minutes ago Jack had promised Cas humanity and released him from heaven, sending him spiraling down towards humanity. For fifteen minutes, there was hope.
“Yeah, you’re okay. How do you feel?”
“Fuck, Cas. It’s reciprocated!” Dean says, his eyes desperate, one arm out like he’s presenting himself, finally, for someone else to look at honestly. “It’s reciprocated. You would have died and I wouldn’t have gotten to fucking tell you.”
“Don’t, Cas.”
The two of them go to help Sam with the police, easily coming up with a story and explaining their way out of it. Soon enough, They’re back on the road and headed home to the bunker.
They’re driving home from a hunt and Dean sees Cas in the passenger seat from his peripheral vision, dark hair messy. There’s a smear of blood across his cheek, reminding Dean that Cas is human now. Cas can bleed. The sun lights up Cas’ eyes and Dean’s heart stops. He smiles to himself, thinking, this has to be the moment. He has to say this now. Because he feels it in every glance. Every touch. Every smile. He feels it so much he thinks he’ll explode.
“Good. You’re staying.” So Cas drops his duffel bag back on his bed and nods. He’s still not sure this is the best decision, but he looks at a Dean again and thinks that if Dean never stops looking at him like that, he’ll never try to walk away again. He wants this. Of course he does, but he knows Dean and he knows he’s not going to get it.
“Cas?”
“Me too.”
“You know my mom and Dad danced to this song.” Dean says as another zeppelin song comes on. “Mom told me it was their favorite.”
“I’ve filled everyone in, we’re all glad to have you back, Cas.”
They’re not quite chest to chest, but they’re close enough to touch and Dean looks scared. Cas feels serene, but his heart is wild. Dean swallows.
Dean and Cas loved each other enough to die a thousand times over.
“How?”
“Like a double date?” Cas interjects and Dean chokes on his drink while Sam nods easily.
It's what he deserves. And damn, does it feel good.
“Well you clearly didn’t, you were gonna die!” Dean says. “Cas you can’t say shit like that and just die on me, alright? I know you thought you were trying to save me, but that’s no way to do it.”
The minute Cas laid a hand on him in hell, he was lost, but it was never supposed to be that way. He wasn’t supposed to fall. Yet here he was, ketchup on his cheek and cowboy hat on crooked and Dean still hasn’t apologized, but neither has Cas. Not with words, but the way they look at each other… the way they share silence and then fill it with banter and conversation. It feels like forgiveness.
“Nope.”
“I am. How are you?”
“Me too, Cas. Fuck. I miss him,” and they lean into each other.
“I just don’t want you to get hurt.”
“Dean, answer the phone please.” Cas sighs and Dean looks at him, gaze hard, before finally answering the call from Sam, his hand dropping from Cas’ shoulder to his wrist.
Thank you to
Castiel’s eyes bulge out. “And you let him? Sam, he’s affected by a truth spell! He-”
Cutting him off as though he hadn’t started, Cass continues his spiel, sounding more like a chastising father than his best friend. “You need to watch what you eat. No more burgers every day, no three helpings of dessert and definitely don’t drink a bottle of Jack every night.”
Castiel had successfully dug up a grave in his nearly human state. He’d been almost completely drained and Dean had to salt and burn the body, but he did it. It felt oddly fulfilling to complete a task that Sam and Dean had been doing for years. Sure, he’d felt like giving up about ten times due to the exhaustion and the back pain, but Dean encouraged him and he eventually reached the bottom.
The uncertainty is driving him mad.
I’m due for my check-up aren’t I?”
Expression softening, Gabriel smiles at him. Not his usual smirk, but an actual smile. “I’m not going to vanish on you Crowley.” He assures. “You don’t need to keep my body hostage.”
“Yes Dean.” He can’t bring himself to meet the other man’s eyes.
love you Castiel.”
“Bliort bi-en cocasb.” He rushes, his breathing hitching just before the last word.
The first thing Dean sees is the pot on the stove and the tell-tale green of the kale in it. Next, he sees Sam, his hair tucked behind his ears, completely focused on his laptop.
One hand reaches out and Cass’ chubby fingers grab at Dean’s receding figure.
Sam purses his lips, shifting in annoyance. Guess where the angel learned his attitude from?
Honestly this whole mess is sending me. After Castiel's confession in 15x18 I considered saying some stuff to someone because his whole 'happiness is in the being. in just saying it' really got to me. And I was really considering doing it. Then, they erased the confession and it's impact so completely from the show.
Jody nods. “Sounds like Dean. But he’ll come back.”
Castiel tries to step back in horror but there’s nowhere left to go. It fooled him completely. Again.
His mind is still foggy as hell but for some reason he doesn’t care. He thought that he’d feel more vulnerable like this. He even has some pretty intricate hallucinations.
This isn’t something he knew about. It’s kind of heartbreaking. But Cass doesn’t need to hear this. Sam knows that the relationship they have will always be different to the one Dean and Cass have. But that isn’t something that should be brought up now. Dean should know, people like to feel like they’re the favorite… or at least something close. Yet Dean keeps talking, and he can’t tell him to can it without risking Dean just not talking to either of them for a week.
Seeing them like this is proof enough and Sam will just have to accept that.
“Woah.” He backs away, “Y-yes.” Sure the pie tastes good, but he’d be scared to say no even if it tasted like shit.
“I am not letting you do it.” Dean’s voice is stern, not even loud enough to echo off the bunker walls. “Whatever the hell is wrong with you spit it out, or else I’ll go out and find it myself.”
Baby Cass shrieks in joy and places Dean on his feet before hobbling over to Sam and peering up at him with wide blue eyes. “Thank you Sam.” In that moment he sounds so much like the old Cass that Sam wants to weep.
“Cass,” Dean’s voice breaks through his meltdown. “You’re not paying attention to me.”
“What do you want, Crowley?” he demands. There must be some reason for him showing himself, revealing his plan so soon. Castiel will do anything to help him if it means keeping him away from Dean.
“But I want to.” Cass admits. “You don’t know how much I want this Dean. You.” Cass’ voice is wrecked, his expression pained as though the conversation is physically killing him.
Cass shifts slightly. “Well, I remembered out deal. We were supposed to work out the specifics but you were tired.”
“With Michael.” He sees Dean’s face change. “And the Ma’lak box.” His voice drops as the bad memory resurfaces. The call from Sam, frantically explaining that something was wrong… that he was headed to Mary’s to figure it out. He’d begged him to head back to the bunker to start working out what was wrong with Dean. He remembers the way Sam had sat him down and explained to him gently what Dean wanted to do. The fate he wanted to resign himself to. Castiel had demanded that he talk to Dean, but Sam insisted that he could handle it.
“Well, I do.” Dean retorts without any real anger. “If Cass bites into a burger and disappears, you’ll be wishing you listened to me then.”
This wasteland
Dean stares back at him tiredly, “Sammy…”
Dean stares down at his hands. They haven’t stopped trembling since the concert. The crowd’s cheers did something to rile him up big time. So he does what he always does when he’s amped-up, he pops on his headphones and settles into his memory foam mattress.
Cass’ bedroom door is sprawling open, and Dean gingerly tip toes in. He makes quick work of finding the box and rifles through immediately.
Sam feels his vision narrow and his head spin.
Castiel decides that he deserve it. He deserves to suffer with the cure sitting by his side taunting him.
if you dare... ;)
Sam feels even worse. How is he supposed to tell Cass about ‘Jody’ now?
that the Colt was a necessary evil. I hated doing that to you but –”
“I love you too Cass.”
Crowley grins. “Oh, my little love story?” he fingers the book, ensuring that the title is displayed prominently for both Sam and Cass to see.
A loud screech and Dean cursing has him jolting into action. He sees Cass running towards him with a gigantic box of Legos and Dean chasing after him.
would be used to turn me into a child.” Sam is about to interject, something about the universe working in strange ways, but Cass interrupts him again. “I’ve never wanted to be a tiny, defenceless, human child Sam!”
Sam smirks, “Right back attcha Cass. You are welcome here for eternity. When that ends, feel free to get the hell out… but until then… I’d like you to stay.” He takes a breath, resting a hand on Castiel’s shoulder in the universal symbol of support and friendship. “And I know Dean would too.”
have it under control is if you know.”
Tears are swimming in Cass’ eyes, but they do little to obscure the panic that lurks just under them. Seeing Cass like this scares the hell out of Dean. In all their years together, he’s never seen Cass close to tears.
Dean smiles and Crowley feels the slightest bit appreciated.
Who do you think the mysterious 'him' is?
The black sludge appears behind them and Dean swallows, trying to force something to come out of his mouth - anything. Cass just gives him a knowing smile and rests a hand on his shoulder. “Good bye Dean.”
His palm glows brightly as he mutters the words to what sounds like a spell.
“Good.” Dean says, clasping his hands together. “Then that’s what we need to focus on. So there are no romantic feelings involved here, obviously. So we have to keep it that way.” Cass nods along. “And when I think that you can have an orgasm without me, we stop. You good with that?”
“What’s wrong?” he demands.
“Castiel.” The voice lulls him into cognisance. “Castiel. Castiel.”
However, when Dean lifts his beer and smashes the mouth of it into his own cheek, all bets are off.
“Then we have to investigate.” Cass says decisively. “I will talk to myself and you to Dean. Try not to kill him.”
“C-ass.” He gasps. “This is –” his words falter and disappear from his mouth as Cass picks up the pace.
There’s something about that name that’s inherently familiar.
Close To Me – Ellie Goulding
“How long do we have on earth.”
He meets Sam’s eyes first, swallowing at the desperation in them. He understands his need to save Dean, his brother who raised him and took care of him, sold his soul and died for him. Cass sickeningly realizes Sam is trying to make it easier for him. His eyes are so tender and understanding even in the face of death. Castiel feels his breath shudder out of him. Making this choice will kill him.
Cass cuts him a look. “I assume that’s how he wooed you into coming to his place.”
But what would Dean like? He already concluded that beer and skin mags are out of the question. What about a macaroni drawing. The Internet assures him that people appreciate those. But how does Dean feel about macaroni.
A big thank you to
Dean squares his shoulders.
“Don’t leave,” Dean says gruffly.
Castiel sobs harder now. Is he going insane?
“I don’t know Sam.”
He silences Dean’s protests once more. “We all have stuff we like doing with particular people. If I’m having a night out or wanting someone to talk to, you’re my guy. Some things you just need your brother for. And I know that there are times when you’d rather I be around than anyone else.”
“Good work.” Dean says, taking the glass.
Nodding Cass wakes a gesture with his hands, “Whoosh.” He says, “I loved you then too… but you hurt me.”
“I liked it.” Cass says at last, his voice is tantalizing.
“So you’re saying I should do it?” Cass wonders, looking up at him hopefully.
He chuckles. “Dean, I know you haven’t done this before either.”
He musters all his energy and flings himself towards Sam. The motion hurts his ribs like a mother, but it gets the result he desires.
On their way to the door, two girls blatantly stop to gawk at Dean. He feels a surge of possessiveness overwhelm him and it’s like he’s not even in control anymore. And he doesn’t care.
Dean needs him alive.
“Right.” Sam replies, still somewhat groggy. “What other reason would I have to visit my big brother.”
“I – ” Dean looks up at her helplessly and her heart breaks. She wants nothing more than to hold him tight and tell him that nothing is wrong. “I don’t know. I need to think about it.”
Dean kicks at the floor of his room. Sure, he’d done the nice guy thing and told Cass that decisions don’t need to be rushed. Now, he’s in the awkward position of having to wander around aimlessly, but nervously, with a ton of anxiety for an undetermined amount of time.
That bastard.
He holds out a hand and shakes his head. Adam’s face falls but he doesn’t pull away. Instead, he rests his arms on Michael’s shoulders, his hands coming up to cover his ears. It’s a nice gesture, but in this incorporeal form, it does little to block out the noise. But Adam’s hands on him feels nice. Familiar.
Castiel nods. “Thank you for telling me.” He never understood the relationship between Dean and Crowley, but he knows that Dean missed him after he died.
Dean breathes a sigh of relief.
“Where is Dean?” Castiel wonders, looking immediately like the fridge – as though Dean would be hiding in there.
Imagine all the things that they do on this bed.
‘Why is the washer always full?’
house – I want to be with you completely more than anything. But I know that I’ll just fuck it up… and maybe you’ll stay.” Dean swipes a hand through his hair. It’s longer than Cass has ever seen it. “One day though, you’ll o[pen your eyes and see that there’s a whole world out there. One where you can be happy without me yelling or drinking or not talking about my emotions.”
He snorts.
It's the simple things he does that shows he doesn't care. Like not making extra coffee for Castiel any more. Or speaking as though he isn't there. The most hurtful change though is the use of his real name.
“I know right.” He laughs in return, “It would make repressing all those disgusting emotions that much easier.”
Dean rolls his eyes but doesn’t look away. It’s clear that Crowley is trying to intimidate him with his dick. Of course he goes commando.
“Bull.” He clutches the phone tighter.
Honestly, Dean barely acts like himself and sometimes he can ignore it, but others make him wish for
“You’re drunk.” He observes, casually filling the door frame to hide the disarray in the room.
“Boo!” the pan goes flying through the air and Castiel shoves the man away.
They laugh.
“How is it? – for you I mean.”
Dean elbows him gently. “It’s more like I need to kiss you or I’ll die.”
“I mean. Go slow. I want to try it and it seemed like you really enjoyed it.”
“I don’t know what to say Dean.” Murmurs Sam, taking a sip of his coffee, “Cass is happier than I’ve seen him. He hasn’t left the bunker much and he always sits with you watching bad movies and Ophra. I think you’re just going a bit stir crazy.”
“So Cass isn’t in love with me.”
“My emotions have been going out of control recently.” He says evenly. He could never deny Adam any more than Adam could deny him. “And seeing the … romance in these worlds… I just keep wondering.”
The name sends shivers through Dean. They’re pleasant… but scary.
“Well.” Castiel says slowly. “Traditionally people who live together, share mailing addresses and thus a mail box.”
“Course I’ll go on a brate with you.” Dean says, patting his leg… the part of his leg that is dangerously close to… something else.
“I love you too.” Dean smiles.
A warm hand covers his, “We are.” He affirms, “And if you every feel yourself forgetting what’s real… I want you to know. We are.”
Their waitress appears asking if they need anything else and Castiel saw how Dean had eyed the pecan pie on the display rack. It had been the first thing that his eyes had been drawn to.
On his trek back to Dean’s room he finds Cass standing there, glaring pensively at the door. Sam winces, half in sympathy. This didn’t bode well at all. Dean had obviously kicked the angel out some time during the night in typical Dean fashion and Cass was back trying to mend things in typical Cass fashion. If Dean came out and saw him right this minute there’d no doubt be a fiery dispute ending with things even more broken than before.
He hates that Crowley put him in this position. He wore him down enough that he slipped like that. The worst thing is, if Crowley hadn’t pointed it out, Sam never would have noticed his monumental slip-up.
“Ohh, this book is
what Cass reads aloud, nodding along contemplatively and listening raptly. If he can believe this so easily, then he doesn’t know Dean at all. Which is a huge relief.
It’s not until he passes by a mirror and catches a glimpse of his unwrinkled face that he realises.
Castiel shrinks away from him, “I won’t let you suffer Dean. If you ever feel yourself on the brink of insanity… use it. And if you don’t, I will.”
Well lots of moisture for sure. But Dean’s mouth feels as dry as a desert right now, nerves sapping up all of his spit. Uh, water! He needs water. He reaches into Cass’ pants to release his cock. It feels familiar in his hands, which really speaks to how much they’ve done together.
“Um… you two have your ‘more profound bond,’” Sam explains. “I just thought you’d like some privacy. Technically, you two haven’t talked as
The boy’s green eyes snap up to him and he grins and waves before going back to navel watch.
A loud explosion on the surface startles them out of their research.
His voice is desperate yet resigned. Sam’s breaths come in pants and he’s clearly frazzled. The brothers clearly recognize that Chuck means business. Castiel tries to catch Dean’s gaze, to try and gauge his reaction but he’s facing Sam, staring at his brother intently.
Especially a wound so deep.
“I’m just saying Dean; what do you think?”
Dean likes his pie.
And with that, hot, wet, warmth encloses over him once more. This time, his movements are –
But Dean.
“Keep watch!” he commands, “The ghost can’t get to Dean while I’m trying to heal him.”
“Oh, uh, and what’d you say?” Dean wonders as he pops in the porn.
“And I take it you have some experience with that here.”
“I scared me too.”
“You want some cake buddy?” Dean asks.
Dean shifts, clearly dubious. “Maybe I should go. We’re the one with the history.”
“No. We’d rather not.”
“Cut the crap, Cass!” Dean knows he’s being insensitive, but it’s not something he’s really known for anyway.
Dean blinks, “So much for democracy.”
The demon just shrugs nonchalantly as she trails off in disbelief.
Almost on auto-pilot, he extracts his most valuable possession from the inner pocket of his coat.
He doesn’t care.
“It’s alright.” He says. He should feel sad, because Dean had all but lied to him, but that Dean would make the effort – to eat this horrible version of his favourite food just because
Him and Dean have been inseparable, mostly due to Cass himself. Pouting and whining at Dean when he tries to leave to go do something by himself or to torment Sam. Dean, for the most part hasn’t complained much. At first he’d feigned anger but Sam had seen that anger slowly dissolve into fondness.
“You’re scared.” He repeats, resting an arm on Dean’s hand. “I would never hurt you Dean.”
This is the ending he never thought would come to pass.
“Shall we begin then?” Cass asks, eagerness slipping into his voice once again.
His grace now stopped vibrating at the wrong whatever. Dean had made sure of that. And now the feathery little bastard had upped and left them. Again.
Couches are easier. Dean chooses a set with seats covered in black leather. Somehow it’s soft enough to almost swallow Castiel.
“You don’t sound very happy.” The bunker lights flicker on.
Dean’s heart.
That doesn’t sound good. Dean grins at his expression, still idly stroking his cheek. “It’s a good perspective. Promise.”
Cass promised he wouldn’t leave.
This is Dean. This
“Maybe I can show Dean.” Castiel suggests, eager to get back to his friend. He knows how hard it was to say all of that. How vulnerable he must he feeling right now… especially, given that they hadn’t finished their conversation.
“Don’t ‘but Cass.’” Dean snips wagging a finger, “You, tell me what the hell’s been goin’ on.”
Cass looks uncomfortable, “He didn’t.”
He smiles just thinking about it. Pie in the face. A real classic.
Dean. The one who would always give his true opinion, no matter how hurtful. The one who would drink beer and laugh with him, explaining the references that he didn’t get or the reason he wanted two people on the TV to get together.
He knows that breaking it would negate any wish in progress. He knows that wishes can’t circumvent cosmic entities. He knows that Dean has the pearl. He shakes his head, refocusing on the camera.
With Dean’s blood firmly in hand he appears in Asmodeus’ mansion. His lungs  grow heavier with each step and his vessel seems to lock up.
“Damn it Cass!” he mutters again, using his pants to wipe the drying come off of him.
Cass would have every right to hate him for the manipulation. Dean went into that book with his eyes wide open. He knew it was wrong. He knew it could blow up in his face. But, at the time, the risk seemed worth the potential reward: making Cass feel at home… convincing him to stay.
“Do you know what you are?” she asks, circling him… a predator sizing up its meal.
“Night Dean.” His brother calls, clearly picking up on his mood.
“Yellow eyed demon.” He whispers. “Two o’ clock.”
“You should have seen your faces.” He reminisces. “I got it right on the first try. Ha!”
Cass.
Taking advantage of his silence, Dean snaps the curtain back all the way and leans over the tub, brushing aside some bubbles. He huffs in annoyance, pinning Castiel with a glare. “Cass.” It’s almost chastising, “For a guy who’s been watching sex for bajillions of years… you were awfully selective.”
“Cas-a Erotica.” Says Cass.
Shocking. He rolls his eyes.
He can’t see Dean’s face right now… but his back his stiff.
They look different today. Castiel bends down, plucking the closest grain to inspect it.
“Now I’m sure it’s you.” he offers… and cringes immediately when he realises how it sounds.
His grace had been fighting back, he supposes. Because he recalls brief flashes of lucidity, washed away by a venomous kiss. He remembers the feeling. All his doubts, diluted … washed away by a poison that kept his attention solely on Dean. The siren.
wasn’t enough. He fears the prospect of Dean not having feelings for him now is even more daunting than before. Now he knows the taste of Dean’s lips and the pleasure of hearing his moans. Castiel knows what Dean’s face looks like on the brink of ecstasy. His hands remember the warmth of Deans skin and the way it trembled and melted under his touch.
The angel merely glances at him with a neutral expression. “Sam would have never believed what I just said.”
“I know what you really want, Cass. I know what your heart desires… and it wasn’t who you said it was.”
The implication of Sam’s words knocks the air out of his lungs.
They both play scissors.
Cass’d probably smite him where he stands.
“Dean.”
He watches from behind the wall as Dean creeps slowly down the stairs, ensuring that his footfalls are almost silent. Stranger still is huge bag strapped to his back… if Sam didn’t know better he’s say its… moving?
“Dean.” He says carefully. “Do you want me to leave?”
“Mhh.” Dean moans, threading his fingers through Castiel’s hair. “Cass.” The timbre of his voice is lower than normal and it makes his pores raise.
No banging. No Cass. He should have started this years ago.
The other angel laughs. “I can tell. What he was wearing when you two came in...” Aziraphale shudders.
Coughing Dean forces a laugh, “Colorado, you know.”
“What?” Dean mumbles, “You kicking me in the back.”
All the other times Castiel lost his grace, he felt empty and worthless and bone-tired. This time is different – well he still feels a bit tired – but he feels complete, in Dean’s arms, in their house where the only barrel they’ll be staring down is the rest of a wonderfully long life.
“That’s true.” Adam acquiesces. “Not to intrude, but what can Castiel know, that I can’t?”
Cass looks over at him with a tear-jerking amount of scepticism and hopefulness.
wait any longer to get it on.
“Are you happy Castiel?” Dean asks, cocking his head.
He’d put up the cameras some time ago as a precaution. Security, in case something was stolen or things looked out of place. His one failing had been the lack of audio. He sees them fighting. But he doesn’t understand what it’s all about.
He breathes a sigh of relief. “I think we can do this then.”
Hot hands trail down his chest, disregarding his jacket and shirt, immediately heading for his pants. It doesn’t take much coaxing from Dean to get him hard. His tongue laves at his pink head trailing down every so often to tickle his balls. Dean releases him, drawing back to remove his own pants, fiddling around in his jacket pocket.
Dean’s immediate discomfort lets him know that there’s definitely more.
Still keeping one eye on his surroundings, he reaches into Crowley’s coat pocket feeling the warmth inside his coat. Should he shove them both inside or is whatever info Crowley promised worth it?
“But if we both feel this way…” Cass lets the statement hang but the hopefulness in his voice is hard to miss.
Sam, again, cringes.
And even dry heaves are unfair to Cass.
you agree?”
“Cass.” His voice breaks. Castiel is close enough to see his pulse thrumming, “I can’t – you have to say it. I can’t – I can’t – ”
“What?” he stares at Castiel as though he can’t understand why he’d pass up a perfectly good hunt.
“Oh?” Cass’ voice kicks up an octave and Dean can’t help his laugh.
Dean pulls off just before the road, not wanting to needlessly get mud on Baby.
“Man, something’s wrong with Cass.”
“There’s actually something I want to talk to you about.”
Both Crowley and the angel scoot about five seats over.
“I’m good.” He assures, reaching down to try to move Dean’s fingers.
“Dean!” he snaps, “Knock it off.”
“It is annoying.” Cass agrees, shifting in his seat.
Dean was screaming. In the Impala. He’s sure of it. He heard the screams. And the siren… it was so determined to keep him away from the radio. It’s desire to destroy the Impala. It’s the only explanation. He ponders. For minutes, he remains still, trying to sort out the interactions and relive each memory – examining it under a new light.
“But seriously though Cass.” Dean says, “On the field, you and Sam are the only ones smart and capable enough that I’d trust to guard my back.”
“So I talked to Sam in the kitchen.” Dean says. “I think he’s suspicious.”
Castiel has been in love with him for such a long time.
“You always have a place here,” Dean butts in instantly.
Dean feels personally attacked. If Cass keeps poking, Dean is afraid that he will burst something inside him that can’t be patched up.
“So what plans do you have for us then?” Dean wonders as he jumps in shotgun.
Had he done that? Made those noises. The things he’d done in the heat of passion now shrink back at the first sight of common sense.
Dean flushes. He’d been bobbing his head along, trying not to feel like such a hypocrite, because his guilty pleasure:
“Hey man.” Dean gives a flimsy wave.
The sound of someone clearing their throat has him whirling.
Silently, he reaches into his bedside drawer bringing out the holy water. Now that he isn’t drunk on Dean’s presence, certain things are starting to look fishy. He wets his fingers and touches them to Dean’s lips.
Michael stops walking, leaving their body to lounge against a wall while he figures out what’s going on.
Castiel slips into the ‘Dean Cave’ and settles onto the couch. He purposefully left the lights off, hoping to scare the living daylights out of Dean when he joins him for movie night. It’s only fair after Dean unexpectedly smashed an entire pie onto his face and joked about licking it off.
“First of all, try telling my finger that he’s got no teeth.” Dean grins, “Second… he needs solid food, even if it’s only the filling.”
His trench coat is engulfed in flames. His silhouette is shrouded in the dark vapor but Sam would recognize him anywhere. That is until he looks up.
Nah, he’s not ready for that yet. Being cheered on by thousands of people isn’t something he’s ready to give up… yet.
Coming down from his high leaves him almost boneless in the tub. If he tries to move his legs would no doubt buckle.
Once more, Cass rests a hand on his shoulder. He looks like he’s about to say something. But he just swallows it and stares at Dean. Then he pulls him to his chest and wraps his arms around him, his chin digging into his shoulder. Dean nuzzles into the embrace and lets his tears fall
Dean looks up. “You’re not pissed.”
Castiel squeezes a dollop from the bottle, keeping eye contact with Dean all the while. He swipes his hand down slowly, spreading it around. Licking his lips, Dean almost leans closer.
Dean stands there for almost a minute before frowning. It’s not like him to skip out on movie night. All his instincts are screaming that something is wrong.
Dean closes his eyes hoping to finally get some peace when he hears: “Dean?”
The only thing he cares about is Dean.
. “She might have been happy if we ever… you know.”
It’s a sombre mood as the three of them hover around at Dean’s bedside. Castiel knows – more than anyone else – that Dean is definitely waking up. But just seeing his pale face… his unconscious form gives him the feeling he’d felt when Dean had been bleeding out on that dirty floor.
“We’re not together.” Dean’s tone bodes no arguments and the waitress winces apologetically and practically flees.
Dean's brain stalls. Because Cass is
Dean glances back at Michael then to Castiel again. “I’m sorry.” He says. “But we can’t stay long.”
“Just give me a minute.”
“Dean.” Dean blows out a breath, shifting as his own pants begin to tighten. It doesn’t mean anything, he reminds himself. When you hear someone – anyone – moan your name so wantonly, you’re bound to pop a boner.
“This looks like a home, Dean.”
Flushing, Dean ducks his head. “I know. I mean – I’ve had this fantasy for a while. But I think it’s best we just stick to-”
“Almost there.” Dean assures, tracing a finger along his cock.
Kissing Cass makes him feel like he’s toppling off the Ferris wheel. And not in the bad way where he feels terrified and the ground is fast approaching – sure it does terrify him to some extent but that isn’t the point. It makes him feel like he’s falling… and he wants to hold on tighter. To grip Cass and hang on tight. So he does. He wraps his arms around his shoulders and hauls him closer. Pressing their mouths together feverishly. His mind is racing. Wondering what this mean. Hating himself for that dream and the boner that followed.
“It really tastes horrible?” he asks in disbelief. “Dean wouldn’t have eaten two slices if it tastes as bad as you say it does.” He’s sure of it. Dean always shares his opinions on pie.
First of all, Jody had made him face time with Claire and Alex. Which, in itself, was a nice break. But what Claire had said. That made him think.
“Yes, humans often engage in such activities.” Teases Castiel.
“Don’t make a sound blondie.” He whispers as he hefts the angel’s vessel up.
Strong hands grip his shoulders and drags him onto his feet. The lightening illuminates Cass’ face. His pinched expression and the worry in his eyes are still visible even under the thick layer of mud coating his face. His hair is a mess to, more brown than black now, Dean can only assume he’s in a similar, if not worse state.
Hmm... what happened with that last line...
“That’s all I ask.” Dean says smiling at him serenely.
Dean crawls into his bed almost instantly.
There was never a dull moment between us.  Cass, I thought of you as my very own kid. And if you didn’t change back… I’d have raised you as my own in a heartbeat.”
“You good?” he asks, feeling the huff beneath him.
That’s a lot to digest. Sam gives Dean a pointed look. It shouldn’t be Sam that’s the only one speaking, especially when the contention lies between Dean and Cass.
Castiel shakes his head. He figured out long ago; Dean will talk when he’s ready. Maybe he’ll be angry, maybe he’ll be hurt, but at the end of it, they’ll be good again. At least he hopes...
“Then I should thank him.” Cass says, standing decisively.
They keep the rhythm, Cass moving his head up and down, making sure to knock Dean’s head on the back of his throat with every single thrust. He manages not to moan to loudly by using his sheer force of will… and the thought of how mortifying it would be to have Sammy break down the door, thinking that he was dying or something, and find them like this. He would
“Thank you Dean.”
But all he feels is despair. Bone deep, soul crushing, despair.
“No.” he blurts, then winces, “There’s something wrong here. Crowley is involved.” He lowers his voice despite being completely alone in the middle of the woods. “Come alone Sam. I think Dean needs you.”
“We’re not besties.” He snaps, “But we are friends.”
A hand is placed on his forehead to smooth his hair back and Dean’s nose is almost in Castiel’s eye. They’ve never been closer. But Castiel hates every second of it. The only redeeming aspect of the entire situation is that he gets up and close with Dean’s freckles.
“Mmph.”
Dean is on his bed, in almost the exact position as before. His eyes are closed and they don’t open upon their arrival.
“Hmm.” He checks something on his palm, “It seems I have one appointment with Dean Winchester. Now until forever.”
Good deed accomplished.
Cass sees it too and smiles lightly. “Maybe you’ll prove me wrong again.”
With a small smile, Castiel releases Dean’s legs, shooting the hunter what he hopes is a sultry wink. “Give me one second.”
First he pulls out a flask and sprinkles some on his palm. “Christo.” He says.
“I’m beat.” He says, suddenly feeling just that.
Sam scoffs. “Yeah.” He waits a beat, analysing Cass’ stance. Once he doesn’t seem likely to eat his head off, Sam gestures to a bench off to the side. “You wanna head over there?”
Maybe Dean needs a new promise. Maybe he can believe in this one.
Sam retrieves the pearl from his pocket and holds it up. There’s the tiniest jagged line curving around the pearl.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cause he’s my best friend.” The answer is immediate. “And he’s a dude.” He tacks on as a second thought.
Dean squeezes the top of him slightly, swiping his thumb back and forth over the slit. Pleasure buzzes through him, and he thrusts his hips, trying to get closer, trying to get more friction. Dean lowers another hand, lightly massaging his ball sack while stroking a bit faster, twisting maddeningly when he gets to the top.
Dean’s tears have long dried, but the hole in his chest remains. Gaping. Empty without Cass.
“No,” Dean simpers, “You’re
“I don’t want to use you though.” Dean looks at him with sincerity.
Sam looks bewildered. “What about when you and I go out?” Sam wonders.
That’s how Cass finds himself  alone in the kitchen, waiting for Dean to come for some beer. Castiel is positive the Dean doesn’t have any stashed away.
He shuts the stove off and turns to face a contrite Cass. “I  still expect you to eat that.” He says.
Black. Everything is black, it’s a shiny black and he can feel it sticking to the soles of his shoes, trying to swallow him up like ditch filled with quick sand.
“Please. I’ll listen. Just talk to me.”
Now they’re both under the control of archangels who are intent on destroying each other.
Dean is halfway into pouring his glass of milk when the hairs on the back of his neck raise. He tries to tell himself that it’s just Sam or Mom, sneaking around. But he’s never felt this way when Sam tries sneaking up on him.
“We meet again.” Sam’s voice says, almost causing Dean to drop his sheets.
And for a moment, Dean is lost. It’s like Cass is pleading with him. He remembers the time when Cass was the one who was under him, when the Mark was in play.
“Son of a bitch!” Dean stomps angrily over to Cass and yanks him up by the trench-coat, completely adverse to his pinched expression. “Cass is dying. They need to fix it – him. Right friggin’ now.”
That one has Sam stumped and Mary along with him.
It wouldn’t be the first time he’s been completely blind to someone’s affections.
Dean pins it to the ground and lifts the knife about its head, fully prepared to slam it down when it reaches forward with a pout and says, “Dean please… I need you.”
“I was.”
“Come back later.” He says cryptically. “And I’ll show you why it’s so good.”
“Ugh.” He groans as Dean slowly picks up the pace.
dragging him into the gutter.
Dean seems lighter than he had been. More free. He always was when he didn’t have to constantly worry about Sam. Maybe he’d finally come to terms with the fact that he’d raised his brother and helped turn him into a capable adult… one who no longer needed a babysitter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, yeah.” Dean dismisses him with a wave. “You should be all over this. What happened to living like a bunny?”
No response.
Dean approaches cautiously. His Cass never pulled out a chair for him. “Wasn’t I supposed to set the table.”
She ducks her head, finding Dean’s eyes. They are shifty and confused. She suddenly understands what’s wrong with him. “You felt something.”
Sam glances over to where Dean and Cass are playing. Dean insisted that they race with some pull-back cars that Jody got from the store. He sees the way Cass watches intently as Dean explains some technique that he thinks will make the car go faster.
It leaves Dean feeling lost, not being the one in control of the situation. But he’d seen a similar look on Cass face as they were speaking. A lost, fish-out-of-water look that pained Dean to witness.
Dean’s breath hitches, he feels his eyes dilate with lust. “It’s not just about teaching you anymore.” Dean confesses softly. “You’re right. I enjoy what we do. It’s become less of a challenge. I’m actually
“Dean where are you. I can get you out.”
“And I’m lying to you.” Voice cracking in shame, Dean hides his face. “I’m still lyin’, even after you begged me not to. I’m still doing it because I don’t learn. Cause I’m so ashamed. And - ” Castiel watches in horror as the first stop breaks free and with it the levee. Dean tries to speak again but it comes out a sob and Castiel can’t hold back any longer. He wraps his arms around Dean. Just holding him silently as he finally lets his emotions out.
“Sure.” He says slowly, “That isn’t the only reason I’ve brought you here.” His mind scrambles quickly, searching for a way to salvage the situation and keep his plan intact. “Uh, I –um – don’t want to do this alone. It’s kind of weird.” That’s hardly a lie. “But if I had some … company… I don’t know…”
Shit.
just trying to do her job and she doesn’t even know the danger that exists on this earth. Castiel can’t find it in himself to hold animosity towards her.
He will die. But Dean will survive and through him, Castiel will carry on.
“It’s delicious, Dean. Your baker is very talented.”
It seems strange today though, not quite as fluid as last night.
“Oh no, Juliet won’t eat him.” Crowley hums, “Well, she might do a fair bit of licking, but that’s beside the point. The real favor would be allowing the world to see you in those glasses.”
things about her sons that had made her stomach churn. But that Castiel had left out the one volume that Dean was ashamed of…
“Me too. I wish Dean could be happy.”
“Look at you.” croons Dean. “So red and ready. I can’t wait to eat you up.”
Michael feels his eyes widen. “But-”
Thank you to my beta
“Amara was right, you’re useless. You are the greatest burden we’ve had to bear. We’ve only kept you around this long to keep you in check… don’t want you eating Purgatory again do we?”
Sam bites his lip. He’d been worried about that himself, but he looks over to Cass and gestures that Dean follow suit. “He looks like a happy little child.”
Worst yet, he can’t remember the words. The words he had made Dean repeat so many times, never thinking that it would actually be
“Adam?” Michael sets them down in a secure location, in a universe with no life at all. The creature following them will have no clue that they’re here.
Some of the most mind-blowing sex he’s ever had?
Mentions of the darkness tears unpleasant memories free: Lucifer possessing Cass, leaving Sam and Cass to unabomber God’s sister with a chest-full of friggin’ souls.
Next time he has to veto what crap the angel’s watching. What if he sees this and decides that this is what he’s doing with Dean? What if he decides that this is something normal?
Castiel gapes at him. Could it be so easy? No blow out? No blame? Just… compliance?
So he takes the plunge. “Cass. I have to tell you something… It’s about Jody.”
And it’s Castiel’s fault. He knows it, Dean knows it, Sam knows and by the looks Mary gives him as he passes her in the hall… she definitely knows, and is willing to hold it against her.
He forces his lips to tilt up in a reassuring smile. He’s known Dean for years, and though it pains him, he hadn’t expected him to make any other choice.
The angel sighs, hanging his head forward to rest on Dean’s shoulder. “I know.”
In his periphery he sees Castiel frown. “You don’t know the plan you can’t go through with.” His voice is sceptical.
with Cass, in any capacity, is improving his mood. They’re normally either at odds with each other or working a case. The downtime in between is hardly enough to do much more than rest before the next big event bowls them over.
Cass pats the bed and Dean’s heart thunders in his ears. His mouth tastes like acid and his fingers can’t stop moving.
“What?” He asks softly. He wants to give Dean a nudge, not put words in his mouth.
Dean frowns, “Why not?”
They remain silent. Locked in a battle of wills; Castiel looks away first. As he should; he knows that he’s the one in the wrong here. He won’t fight that.
Things had been going great.
Cass elbows him then. Right. The man he riddled with bullets and stabbed on sight.
He sighs. “You’re over reacting Dean.” He tries again, “Think about it. We can’t have a child here. Everything is a hazard. What if he falls down in the stairs? What if he grabs a pot from the stove? Or one of our weapons and hurts himself? Every second since he’s come back has been constant paranoia – not to mention I can barely think with the noise.”
Cass looks at him, incredulous, “Dean! This is Crowley!”
Castiel’s heart flutters at those words. “I love you too.”
Three wishes. One used by accident, one used by Sam, leaving one wish before the djinn is sucked into the lamp for another hundred years.
Dean sighs, tossing off his jacket as he walks up from the garage.
“Why is Cass always in your room? What do you guys do?”
Gabriel disappearing is integral to the plan. But for some reason, the plan is misty… unreachable to him.
Sam doesn’t notice the sultry wink in his direction as he slams the door shut behind him. But Mary does.
Dean knows he’s dealing with his own emotions regarding Eileen. He knows how much Sam cared, hell, he pushed his brother to try… and look where that got him.
“No. I think I should-” his voice cracks. “I think that I should remove myself from Dean’s life.”
. It wants him to go back, it’s calling for the angel. But that’s just what Chuck wants. He can’t go back.
“Why not?” he wonders. “I don’t want to overstay my welcome.”
Huffing, Sam laughs. This is an unexpected side of Cass. But he doesn’t really expect Dean to notice a few extra wrinkles in his already unmade bed.
Sam nods. “I know Cass.”
“Dean.” He chastises, “I thought we had long established that I’m not a child. I have never been a child.”
“I missed you too, Dean.”
“I’ll tell you.” Crowley chirps, pasting on his most innocent expression.
(Also... seems there's gonna be a DeanCas date uwu)
Why did it have to be like this?
Castiel parts his lips, prepared to reply, before pressing them together in a strained smile.
Gulping, Dean glances off to the side. That’s ‘Cass’ for go fuck yourself.
“Dean will be okay.” The Shadow says.
He wants to laugh every time he sees them. Cause they’re just so freaky and so
“I only looked at it because I know you only put things you care about in it.” Dean blurts. “I was looking for the chit from the Ferris wheel.”
“Big sigh.”
“The pizza man who?”
“Will you share this with me, Cass?” He asks, mimicking the angel’s words from what seems like a lifetime ago.
But mom seems dead set on… something. Dean still isn’t sure what exactly her point is.
“Bet he’d be even happier to get to more than three feet.” Sam returns.
“It’s not just cheese.” He says indignantly. “It’s the beer and the toilet paper and all the things that encompass your unhealthy healing ritual.”
“That’s not true.” Dean argues. “I need you more than the plants. And that makes you useful.”
“Is there something I don’t know?” Dean says, narrowing his eyes. “Some reason you need to leave?”
Again.
As unlikely as he might think it actually is, he hopes Dean will buy it. The last thing they need is for Dean to set his eyes on a target and begin to hunt.
“I hope he was happy.”
Cass practically runs over, leaving Dean to walk briskly behind him.
Dean throws a glance at his own Cass. “That’s to be expected.”
“Sam,” Dean says in protest.
Sam presses his lips together. Mom and Cass don’t either.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “You eat pie now.”
him.” Dean wails helplessly. Actions have consequences. That’s something that’s been drilled into him from a young age. But he’s always been prepared to face those consequences… because he had nothing to lose. Now he feels everything is about to be ripped away from him.
Well, at least he isn’t alone.
Michael’s glare is sinister. “Maybe I’ll make you stab yourself in the face. That would certainly be interesting.”
Castiel thought he had made his peace with this already, but Mary had dredged up all the things he’d wanted to keep submerged.
“Your best line.” He muses.
Holding up a hand, Dean stops him in his tracks. “No need to explain. You’re allowed a lazy day.” Then, he leans a little closer and whispers. “I was starting to think you
He tugs at their joined hands when Dean remains silent. The worry is eroding his patience. Years of and years of wanting and hoping and longing are turning bitter and rancid.
Thank you to
Using his powers he teleports both himself and the angel back to the bunker.
“You got that one thing Dean.”
A loud splash comes from nearby and Castiel finds himself face to face with the male genitalia of Crowley.
They separate slowly, as though they can’t survive another moment without clinging desperately to each other.
“Well, now you know what to do.” Dean says, still squeamish. “I guess you just needed a starter course – some training wheels before I let you ride by yourself.”
He half wonders what Dean’s wish is.
He nods absentmindedly; not really listening.
“I want to try fellatio.”
“I’m perplexed though, as to how you were able to complete the process so quickly.”
Ignoring him, Dean steps closer to his alternate self, crowding him in the hopes of intimidating him.
Cassie Robinson.
Sam squeezes as hard as he can, trying to convey without words that he’s here, supporting him no matter what.
When they break apart Castiel finds himself panting and a short glance at Dean tells him that he’s also having a hard time controlling his breathing.
“Tell Dean what?” Crowley winks.
It’s as though Sam’s watching the greatest magic act to ever exist. His mind is on edge, his breathing is unsteady and he has a healthy amount of fear that it won’t end as it should.
“Poughkeepsie!”
Steeling himself, he clears his throat, as Cass scoots into position. Dean still perches on the end of the bed in indecision. If he’s doing this he doesn’t want to sound uncomfortable and ruin the whole thing for Cass. It’s not that he’s grossed out… Dean just thinks that some lines in a friendship shouldn’t be crossed. And yeah, the idea of being with a guy makes him squeamish.
There’s Cass. He’s back to normal alright. And naked. Completely naked. The trench-coat is cast aside, just near Dean’s door and Cass bends slowly to retrieve it, using it to cover himself.
Yeah, good timing Sam, he figured out that Cass was using him weeks. If they were still in the box it might as well have been a millions years ago.
With a sigh of relief, Dean releases Cass’ shoulder. “Dude, you almost gave me a heart attack.”
who beta read this chapter for me!
Dean remembers his ‘deer in the headlight’ look afterwards, when Dean had confronted him about the whole not telling Sam rule.
“Cass.” He hums.
Dean squares his shoulders; he’s not giving up without a fight.
“No.” damned Scottish accent, “That I hate Hell.”
It also helps that they’re both high as a kite… or a jet. Whichever is higher. Dean’s not sure which one that is at the moment.
This is where things could get dicey. “My grace.”
“I can do that.” Cass assures. From the look on his face, he’s still processing that him leaving had an actual effect on Dean.
“I guess we’re doing this mano y mano blondie.”
Cass’ motions are clumsy, unpractised. He’s clearly a newbie. Why does Dean seem to enjoy it so much? His foot jerks, as his head runs over the ridges of Cass’ throat, and it slams into the accelerator. Dean pants tugging at his head slightly.
No way.
They seem unconcerned though, as Dean slips into the booth and Castiel into the seat opposite him.
Replace burger with Dean in that scenario and sure, Sam’d be freaked out. But as it stands he’s fine. Because he knows that the conditions necessary won’t happen. But Dean doesn’t know that, so he’s just being a concerned friend.
“The Shadow.” Dean breathes. “After he gave me all those memories back, he told me something. He threatened me. Said he’d tell Cass.”
Dean boasts that they made the pie together and Cass blushes like a scandalised school girl. Oh, how he wants to ask. He wants answers and – and … pictures. Proof that he isn’t hallucinating Dean’s happiness… the way he doesn’t down every drop of alcohol in sight or eat enough food for four people.
Castiel grins, proud of himself. He has to admit, that was immensely fun.
Gabriel laughs, but it’s in Crowley’s voice. “He put the demon in holy fire and the angel in the pentagram. Typical Disney villain.”
“What?”
“How does it feel to be in love with a Winchester?”
“Left a crack open,” Lucifer elaborates. “Took a beat to power back up after… well, you know. Then, I just shimmied in when no one was looking.”
“We both feel this way…” Dean confirms. “…and it doesn’t have to be a bad thing.”
“I’m saying what if. What if, Dean? Then what would you do?”
“Sure, buddy. But if whatever this is doesn’t work, you need to tell me immediately. Dean’s not the only one who cares about you.”
“I know the pains you’re going to go through to get it back.” Crowley teases. He knows Gabriel, his modus operandus anyway. He does what he has to do and makes a quick exit. Crowley’s already been caught out once, he doesn’t fancy repeating the experience. Gabriel is good at hiding and finding him would be a bitch.
Sam chuckles, shaking his head, “Of course you pick the best hiding spot ever.”
Dean pouts at him after a few minutes of him quietly soaping them up.
Euphoria floods through him at those words. Dean wants this. He wants to try. He still may not be entirely sure, but no one in a relationship is ever sure of anything at first. Dean could love him… or grow to love him in any case.
What the hell? Why is Cass in a doctor’s coat? Why is he wearing cowboy boots? Why is Dean following him?
If you can’t beat them, make them join you.
“Try the other side,” is all Crowley offers him.
“Tell me the plan.” Dean says, his voice filled with urgency. He can almost taste freedom.
Sam just doesn’t understand them. If he had to stare at someone for so long, even Dean, he’d be pretty uncomfortable. Dean seems right at home - like he wouldn’t even mind spending the rest of his life with his chin on his elbow, gazing at Cass. And that… makes Sam’s insides churn.
Crowley shrugs but continues to walk away, “That wasn’t a question.”
“What’re you talking about man?” he asks, forcing his voice not to sound as gruff.
Then Cass is gone
Dean scrambles in the mud, trying to gain enough traction to shake whatever’s trying to grab him. Overhead, thunder booms followed by another bright flash of lightening. Rain in beating down on him, making the ground even more slippery and obscuring his vision and drenching his clothes which makes moving a real bitch.
"Cass hand me the twisty part." Dean orders.
His breaths come faster, his hips thrust so fast that Dean just keeps his hand in place and lets him buck up into it. His voice becomes shrill, moaning and babbling shameful things in Enochian. He feels himself approaching the infamous orgasm. So close. The imagery of Dean and the feel of his fingers all over his body make him shudder, his hips losing their rhythm; wanting to get closer and escape the intensity of the sensations all at once.
This is Dean.
Cass almost pouts at him… and it looks way more adorable than it should. “Of course you don’t want Sam to know since this would be strange for you two and I respect that. Though I still don’t understand it I would never intentionally reveal anything.  But you have to admit, it doesn’t cover everything. If Sam does find out he won’t have any way of gauging your level of participation. He’s more likely to assume that you
Mary’s voice cuts through his pie appreciation moment like a hot knife, “Is that a new shirt Dean?”
Every step feels unsteady, every word measured, carefully calculated; with the aim of molding the conversation into something safe. That’s what it’s come to ‘safe territory.’ By no means does he actually want to spend the rest of his existence talking to Dean like this. He doesn’t want to censor their conversations.
Dean hums.
His fingers tremble as he struggles to unlock his door. He’s so lost that he doesn’t notice Dean until he feels an arm on his shoulder.
It would have been the easiest thing in the world to just let Cass keep trying or buy him a toy to help out or maybe a tutorial porno. Or any one of a hundred other things that were less intimate than what he had done.
“What the hell is wrong with you?” Dean demands causing the other Dean to back away.
“Her?” Dean’s voice is shrill as his eyes whip to Castiel. “This world you is in a chick.”
He nods.
“Dean.” He whispers. “Can we go to the garage?”
Again. Michael laughs. A sadistic sounding cackle.
to confirm that the book isn’t just some bullshit Chuck wrote for the fans.
“Shadow.” He says, letting his eyes flit across to Chuck and Sam.
After that, Gabriel pins his hands over his head and being moving his hips; slamming them up and down in a rhythm that drives Crowley completely bonkers.
They just click.
Sam wants to run over and stop this train wreck from happening. Because, he knows, that once Dean doesn’t say it back, Cass will think that he doesn’t love him. And Sam doesn’t want him to feel unworthy. He knows for a fact, that Dean loves Cass. He would never take care of him like this if he didn’t.
“Peace?” the alternate Dean spits. “This is what you call peace? Sitting in a house with the ghost of my best friend. Knowing that one day he’ll turn vengeful and I –
“Crowley.” Castiel hisses. “I could stab you now and Dean would only be mildly annoyed.”
“Universe hopping.” Dean replies.
Castiel lets out a shaky breath. Never had he dreamed of hearing those words from Dean’s lips, in Dean’s voice. He’s amost too thrown off to even respond but he knows that he can’t pass up this chance. Dean could be drunk enough to regret this in the morning or even forget it entirely but drunk mouths speak hard truths. And Dean loves him “I love you too Dean.” He says with conviction, slamming their lips together once more.
It’s so unexpected that Dean almost jerks in surprise. Cass stays seated, his lips closing securely around him. He pulls off slowly, dragging a groan from Dean as he struggles to remain still. His lips linger around the head, his tongue poking out to lick at Dean’s sensitive flesh. Most of the blow jobs he’s gotten have been hard and fast, against a wall or in a bathroom stall. Rarely did he ever have an actual bed.
Alright, so he just has to come out and say it, “Where did you learn to do that?”
“You won’t.” He assures. “Truthfully, my feelings about you… they’ve also become…” he tries to find the most fitting word; one that won’t reveal everything, but won’t be a bald faced lie either. “… blurred.” He decides on.
“That’s fair.” He acquiesces. “But… what if I said that I do? That I always have?”
“Dean we can’t keep walking!” he yells above the noise.
“Hey.” Sam holds up his hands. “No need to explain your strange rituals. I’m good.” He reiterates.
No mind-control from the God-Squad.
Castiel eyes him sideways before bending to retrieve yet another pie from the oven. “Yes.”
Castiel gives him a knowing look. “Just imaging what you could be if he knew it too. Dean and I were in love long before we ever said a word about it to each other. The only difference between us and you and your Castiel is that we both recognised the other’s feelings.”
He hates Crowley for trying to profiteer off of Cass’ mistake. The bastard would have gotten both books if it weren’t for the warding in Baby.
He can’t listen to Dean make light of this – of them – of something that should change everything, but he knew would only be forgotten.
“I don’t need to.” Cass replies.
“Alright.” Dean says, resting the glass on the table.
Cass is right, Dean is ‘gentle’ when having sex. It’s not something he thinks should be violent – like every other aspect of his life is – it’s something he enjoys. Cass gets that, which is possibly why Dean falls into a lull like this so easily.
And the writing was nowhere near what Castiel remembers it to be.
have a bigger bowl somewhere, but he can’t find it now. Weird. Maybe Sam filled it with
“Ah!” Dean feels the entire bed jerk. “So good.”
Cass shrugs. “Just lie down Dean.”
“I mean,” Sam shrugs, “Maybe he did. What if he wants a real human experience like from childhood go all the way up.”
Castiel looks over, interested, it
that this is normal.
Dean can’t risk it.
“Thank you.” he says sincerely.
He knows that going against his father would be a death sentence for them both. If Adam’s wrath is the price he pays to keep him safe then so be it; it’s a worthy trade in Michael’s eyes. What Adam doesn’t know is that he’s doing this to protect him. Even if Michael can never tell him that in explicit detail, he can’t bear the thought of losing Adam. And he certainly won’t be a part of his death when he had already stolen so much of his life.
When Dean told him that he always left, he couldn’t argue. The most he could do was promise to come back and put things in place so that he and Dean could have the apple pie life that he always craved. It had taken a week, finding the angels, making his deal.
But it's here now. Enjoy.
Castiel doesn’t want to be another empty face in Dean’s mind. A warm body used for but a night and that Dean expects to vanish when the daylight streams in.
The glare Cass sends Dean’s way is nothing short of scalding, though Dean doesn’t seem to notice as he glares back.
So it seems that Cass is good at deflecting too... wonder where he learnt *that* (looks at the Winchesters)
friendship like you two do.”
freak him out. But when the dorky angel without a trench-coat tells him to scoot forward, he does it without complaint.
“In the spirit of closeness.” He says, watching Sam for his reaction. “Why don’t the three of us go out for dinner?”
Finally, Sam breaks it for him, “I’ll bring Rowena. She and I have been doing some bonding.”
“Hello, Dean.” He tries to keep his voice even, not wanting the hunter to think that Castiel has no faith in him. He does. He trusts him the most. He’d fallen for him. Castiel has no doubts that Dean would hold on long enough for him and Sam to find another way.
Other times, in moments of weakness. When they had gotten into a fight he’d whisper them, with the intention of shoving Cass out and slamming the door behind him but his voice would always break on the last io-iad. Every time he said it he feels his resolve dissolving, the words are poison, eroding his will, killing any chance he has of carrying through.
Castiel and Sam sit in the back seat. Sam screws his face up, glaring pointedly at his brother.
He’ll forever regret that.
“Good.” He parrots… like an idiot.
Gabriel suggested that he throw Dean and Cass into a fairy tale world until they admit their untimely love. It has a certain flare to it, but it’s not what the two lovebirds need right now.
He realises that Cass’ vehement disapproval could mean that he
“I was just going to sit here quietly.”
There’s one thing that Castiel had been dying to  know. There’d never been an opportunity for him to ask without upsetting Dean. But now, since they’ve already started hashing out their emotions, he doesn’t see any harm.
“Throw me a bone here man.”
“It’s ok.” He murmurs, “I know you can’t help it. I won’t mind if you moan or move.” Dean leans forward, noting that Cass’ eyes are screwed shut, his breaths coming in shallow pants and his hands dig into the sheets.
, just like the siren had before he kissed him. The problem is he finds himself drawing closer, moving in for a kiss because that’s what he had gotten accustomed to, what he still craved.
“So um Dean – where are we going.” Cass is in a dark blue and white striped shirt and a pair of washed out jeans. It’s an interesting look, Dean must admit. Very blue. Dean is even wearing something nice. A blue shirt with silver highlights and some white jeans. Dean felt like a complete slob, standing next to Cass, who’d spent so much time on his get up – that and… he didn’t want Cass to feel like he wasn’t putting in as much effort as he is.
Sam had warned him, he realises, telling him to bleed on a bronze blade. How could he be so stupid?
Michael laughs at their stunned expressions. “Now, I didn’t do this all just for kicks and giggles. The thing is, my poor, paranoid vessel Dean has a habit of trying to kick me or trap me. I find it easier to reign him in when he can believe any of the alterations to his world. Boy, some of the hallucinations you three have given him. You should be happy for him. Let him escape your toxic hold and live a little. Dean is
And Castiel. His intentions had always been crystal clear. To Heaven and Hell and all in between. It’s glaringly loud to anyone in their presence for more than five seconds. Everyone assumes that Dean doesn’t know and they pity the poor innocent Castiel who fell for a depraved, sex-fuelled human.
Licking at his lips, Dean murmurs a quick. “Good night Cass.” He almost doesn’t expect a response.
“I think… I understand.” Cass says slowly. “I’ve been offered everything I’ve ever wanted from this existence. But if I take it, that means that I can lose it. Sam, I can’t bear to lose it.”
Castiel feels himself falling. The bed beneath him seems to disintegrate… along with the floor and the earth’s outer crust. And he’s tumbling and tumbling… down into the abyss.
“I clearly don’t have your attention.” Adam says bitterly. “And I’m not blaming you… I just – I thought you knew me better.”
“We’re going to scream boisterously at my rebellious plants.” Crowley says excitedly. “If that doesn’t suit your fancy feel free to hop out. But I am not stopping.”
Cass.
“Dean.” He sneers, “You’ve never been
Dean kisses Cass goodnight and Sam almost drops him in shock. Dean doesn’t kiss babies goodnight… not that sweetly… not like he’d actually expect to miss the little rug rat after only one night.
Castiel scoffs. “I can sleep on the bed then.” Dean’s gaze flickers with uncertainty but he presses on, “It’s huge. We can both fit easily. This way we still have enough for couches.”
“We’ll see.”
His friend just shrugs and continues looking at him.
Castiel balks at the accusing voice as he pulls himself of the tar like substance and his deep slumber.
Sam snorts. “Cass has ‘liked’ you for a long time, Dean.”
Super. “Great. Let’s ring this up and jet.”
“Last thing I remember…” Dean says, the nostalgia is clear in his tone. “Cass was jumping around on my bed and I found your stupid camera.”
Right.
Bone.
“You stay relaxed.” Dean reminds him. “Nice slow strokes from base to tip.”
He reaches forward to yank Sam back by the arm. He stumbles and glances at Castiel in confusion.
“Bolp bliort bi-en cocasb io-iad” Dean echoes.
“Here’s the deal Cass. When we get to the place you take my laptop and search up some healthy recipes. There’s just two things I need in almost every meal: one, meat and two, no rabbit food. I am
He rifles around, careful not to leave anything out of place. When he finds the small shoe box, tucked under Cass’ bed, Dean feels as though he’s found a pot of gold at the end of the rainbow. And sure enough, inside the blue box are a series of bills, napkins and even tiny spoons, all ordered and packed immaculately.
pie.”
“I’d like to welcome you all here today to mourn the passing of a good friend.” His voice is solemn, the slight waver indicates that something is actually wrong – that Dean isn’t just playing a prank on them.
“Cass?” he prays. “Hope you’re listening buddy. I’ve been a dick to you. And… and I know you don’t owe it to me, but I was hopin’ you’d come back. Hear me out.” He pauses. “It’s totally okay if you don’t.”
“Me and Sam just dealt with a water wraith in Colorado. We got to see the rapids dude!” Dean exclaims
Hmm. She wants to ask Sam more, but the closed off expression on his face tells her she mightn’t have much luck at the moment. That’s fine, she has the Google. And if she doesn’t like what she finds the she’ll just hunt this Becky down. No one hurts her boys.
“Out.” He snaps, “We need supplies and since you’re so concerned about everything why don’t you come with. Pick up a few tips from the master.”
“Nope.” Dean says quickly. “You got it down Cass. Stick to your guns. Don’t talk about it.”
Only then does Dean turn to Cass. He looks just as dazed as Dean. Which is only fair since his kisses made Dean feel as though he’d drank ten shots of whiskey. His lips are pinker than usual and swollen; Dean had gotten some good nips and licks in there too.
“Dean?” this time it’s Cass who approaches him with caution.
He sees the little frown on Cass’ face as the cool liquid coats his palm.
“To help you.” he says immediately. What else is there to say?
“Ditto.” Cass agrees.
Dean just shrugs. It’s supposed to be nonchalant, but Castiel can make out the stiffness in his shoulders.
At the same moment he looks up, Michael hears a screeching sound that brings him to his knees beside Adam.
“It’s – it feels powerful, intent …
Cass bolts upright upon Sam’s entrance, a white dot flying off to his side. Sam’s about to ask what it was when he remembers he was supposed to be looking fot the thing he forgot.
He pauses.
But what are they going to do? Kiss? More? Dean doesn’t know if he’s ready for more. And if he’s being honest with himself, he enjoys kissing Cass. It’s actually kind of calming; being with a friend.
Dean feels his hand hit against his hip and he looks over to Cass, whose hand is also free.
in there, Dean.”
“The cure, you bastard. Tell Sam and he’ll start making a list.”
“No.” he repeats firmly. “You don’t have plan. You can’t help us.”
“Because you left with the demon you’ve known for all of five seconds.” Cass gripes.
Their final moments are upon them. They’ve played their final card and Chuck is announcing curtain call. But Dean still has a few seconds left. A few seconds to right the only wrong he’s ever truly regretted.
He flips forward a few pages.
“Yes.” Dean says.
Dean had been the one taking the hit for the team the past few months. Sam hadn’t been much help at all. Then when he thinks things are finally back to normal, he loses Dean.
“Damnit.” He mutters.
Castiel blushes. “Right now, I just want to look at you.”
Lucifer waves his hand dismissively. “Hush puppy. Let me bask.”
“Swell. What do you need me for.”
Dean keeps his mouth shut. No way is he risking talking right now.
“Eyeball it!?” She shrieks. “I’m not threading a needle here!”
He opens his mouth to reject that. To tell Dean that he was always his friend. Someone who loves him.
Now as he sits on the cold unforgiving floor, he can’t help but think about Cass’ words. His sacrifice. About how it meant everything to Dean, even though he couldn’t say it.
“Dean!” he calls, “What happened?”
Dean had surely noticed. It’s near impossible not to. How could he stand looking at him? Castiel could barely maintain eye contact in the mirror. With great care and precision, as though approaching a demon he grazes his finger across the tip of one. It stings sharper than a bruise but less than a torn muscle. Yanking his hands away he wonders what he can do to make himself more presentable.
“It’s gaining on you.”
He isn’t doing this because he’s fed up of the angel or tied or any other excuse he’s probably coming up with right now. Dean is doing this
“You won’t.” Cass assures. “We both want this.”
Castiel recoils.
The glint returns to Dean’s eye at that and he gives him a shy smile. “That– that’s good.”
“This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith.”
“Me and Cass… we were hanging out and we didn’t notice the demon watching us. It’s not a big deal as Sam is making it out to be.” He huffs. “We take one night – one friggin night – off in our whole lives and you flip out on us.”
Dee’s eyes flit to Cass then he flushes. “Nothing.”
Embolden, Castiel dips his own finger into the pot, feeling Dean’s eyes on him the entire time. He brings it to his lips and spreads it across them, grinning at Dean. After a short moment of indecision he leans forward using the tip of his tongue to trace Castiel’s before smoothly transitioning into a full kiss. The caramel is still sticky and sweet between them and Castiel feels like Dean is deliberately pushing it into his mouth, but he enjoys the kiss.
“So you’ll stay away?” Sam tries to confirm. He chooses to spare Dean’s dignity and pretend he didn’t hear him validate his trench-coat fetish.
Her eyes seem to get this far away look, “Does that happen often?”
Castiel flinches, standing slowly with the box gripped tightly. At least he would have some memories of his time with the Winchesters. “I’m sorry.” He says. There’s no chance of redemption, he knows, but he owes it to Sam to at least apologise, “I’m sorry for the part I’ve played and the confusion I’ve caused. If I knew – I – would have just let myself die instead of making Dean - ”
“It’s strange, you know.” He finds himself babbling. “This is … the greatest I’ve felt in a while.”
For a moment, Dean almost looks queasy. “What? No.” He shakes his head vehemently. “Cass, no. That’s not how this is going to be.” Dean states, his voice steady and sincere. “It’s just going to be you, Cass, and I’ll do everything in my power to make sure that we last as long as we can. I understand where you’re coming from – I really do – especially given my not too squeaky clean record. But just so you know… we live in a bunker. There’s no morning light streaming in.”
Capitalizing on his silence, Dean continues talking.
Only, his intention had been to rot at the bottom of the ocean with Michael forever.
So angry.
Sam sighs. “It’s not for him to like.” Sam says gently.
“I know.” Cass captures Dean’s mouth in a bruising kiss. He can feel the trepidation radiating from him, but he knows that they both want this.
The appeal is lost on him. It’s not like this method of bathing is even efficient.
The only clear thought in his head is: it’s a good thing he introduced Cass with his nickname. It seems like everything is inverted here. Which means this Sam would react as he would. Violently, rashly, his only real concern, to protect his little brother.
“Bachelor Dean is dead?” Castiel says slowly. His heart sinks as he realises what Dean is trying to tell them. “You’re in love. You want to settle down.”
“I know.”
“It’s okay.” Dean assures, “I’m working on getting him back.”
Dean had insisted that Castiel try the water bed. Naturally, he’d asked for something to breathe with which made Dean burst out in boisterous laughter.
Can he trust this strange djinn? They should be out of here soon enough anyway. He certainly can’t talk to Cass about this. This is the next best option.
“I just wanted to cheer you up,” Sam says sincerely.
“I want a panda.” Cass says.
“I’ve – I’ve read about that.” Cass stutters.
“We’ll figure this out.” Dean promises.
Dean chuckles. “Wish I didn’t have to see it though.” He mutters.
Dean and Cass are friends. The only friend Dean has a matter of fact. Sam is a bit envious of their dynamic at times, but he
He bites his lip, looking over to Cass.
Dean feels his insides ripple as Michael once more transports them to another universe. Here he finds Sam, alone, a pot-belly and a sea of empty beer bottles. He glances at Michael in shock. He shrugs.
“Damnit.”
“I think we should drop him off at Jody’s.” he says quickly, not wanting to hurt Cass’ feelings.
“I’m sure they’ll be out soon.”
The strangest thing happens though, when Crowley approaches him: Gabriel jumps out of his skin… and straight off Sam’s bed.
“Well, to be fair, I did just want to check on why the bloody hell you haven’t continued with the case.” He shrugs, “Then I waited around hoping you might want to indulge in a threesome later.”
Dean tries for almost two hours. But the game is rigged and he has twenty dollars in his pocket. He can’t get Cass the bee. He can’t get him a memento of their time together.
Castiel frowns, suddenly remembering their current feud. No. It wasn’t a feud. He’d left for good. They had both agreed that they should go their separate ways. Which isn’t what he wanted. But he couldn’t take the intense loathing and disregard that Dean had sent his way. Sometimes Dean made him feel like he wasn’t even there. Useless to them. Invisible.
“Sam. Mary.” Castiel greets them with a nod as he moves over to Dean’s bed. Sam watches his movements carefully… the underlying tension… the exhaustion.
Almost like Cass is purposefully evading him. But that makes no sense does it?
The silence that follows gives him ample opportunity to hear. It sounds like water… churning.
“My grace has settled.” His voice sounds bitter to his own ears.
“Squeeze me baby till the juice runs down my leg; the way you squeeze my lemon, I’m gonna fall right out of bed.” His voice is scratchy, hardly a singer’s. But he makes the effort. He remembered the lyrics from ‘Dean’s Top 13 Zepp Traxx’.
“Yeah.”
Almost amused, Castiel grins, “Well, seeing as I’ve had my grace for millions of years, I believe my opinion will do.”
Cass isn’t okay. Dean feels like he should press; ask to come in maybe. Cass wouldn’t say no. But that is the problem. Cass would let him in, even if he doesn’t really want to. Dean can’t risk driving him away. He knows that if Cass stops feeling safe – at peace – in the bunker, there’s not one thing that can stop him from just leaving.
Or maybe it was because of the ever-dreaded ‘chick-flick moment’. He knows that Dean doesn’t like them. Or at least he says he doesn’t. Maybe he’s just uncomfortable. Or perhaps he thinks that Castiel will be more comfortable with him if Sam is also present – which makes no sense and isn’t true, but there’s no way to know what really goes on in Dean Winchester’s mind, not even asking him would yield anything.
“Cass?” Dean calls shakily, hating the deafening silence that follows.
us to find them! This whole thing was a setup, Cass.” He exhales. His voice is breathy and Castiel can now see the dread in his expression.
“And you think I’m more interesting?” Ole demon face must be going insane.
He just hopes that Cass will listen.
He feels Cass’ gaze on him and he chuckles. “I can feel you looking at me.”
That makes Dean pull up short. Cass is the picture of calm. He doesn’t scream or show emotions in general.
“No Castiel.” Michael replies, “It’s taxing to even make this many jumps, as I’m sure you can understand.”
True, true. But she’d read the books… even a few fanfictions. She’s playing catch up in her boys’ life after all. So what if she needs a bit of a cheat sheet? Mary saw Castiel, over and over give everything up for her sons – Dean. She’s read about him offering to follow him to their collective deaths without a moments thought.
Some smut and minor feels. Next up: let's see how Dean does ;)
“No! It – you – Jesus!” Dean hooks his ankles over Castiel and turns them so fast they almost tumble off the bed. He lays there in silence, trapped between the soft mattress and Dean’s chiselled abdomen. Castiel realises what Dean wants… what he’s trying to do.
“You need to rest.” He mimics, deepening his voice.
“Okay.” Castiel agrees, still uncertain. “But if Dean tells me that… he doesn’t want me here, then I will leave.”
Dean’s duffle sits pretty in the back seat, his jacket carelessly thrown over it. Castiel wishes he could just dump the contents and look for the bone. He doesn’t know what it would even prove. Whether it’s there or not, the mere existence of the bone proved that something wasn’t right with Dean.
“Crowley!” he growls. “Give it back. You don’t know the pains I went through to get a vessel like this.”
Castiel sleeps.
Dean’s brows furrow as he considers–
(See the end of the chapter for
Why though? He’d gotten all the justice he wanted. They should have all moved on. In fact Sam had checked the area regularly for years after, finding nothing unusual every time.
“I’m great Dean.” He says sincerely.
“I hope you realize that…” Castiel steels himself. This is his one chance to be honest with Dean and get his honest opinion in return. “… when I let the shifter cajole me into bed, I sincerely thought it was you.”
Castiel’s eyes dart to Michael, wide and frantic. “Please Michael. Please. Just let me have dinner with him!” he blubbers.  “Time is fluid. No time will pass on your side. You know this. Please.”
But friends don’t.
“Very.” Cass assures, “Are you happy? You seem really sad sometimes.”
Then, all of a sudden, Dean pulls away and smirks. “Told you I’d get you back.”
“You can ask me something so that we’re even.” Dean suggests.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cass glares at him for a few seconds before shutting his eyes petulantly. Dean sucks in a breath and reaches forward slowly.
He stops walking and tilts his head back against the wall in frustration. “Cass… now isn’t a good time.”
“Fine. Talk your psychobabble to us, Sam.”
Cass isn’t there. The Impala rests in her parking spot, in all her glory but it’s blatantly empty.
To not have to hunt?
He carefully rests the bag on the table, slicing open the small piece of rope that holds it together. It’s larger than the usual hex bags… about three times the usual size. The first thing his eyes zero is the bone. The exact same one from the duffle. Dean’s duffle.
“But Dean, I-” Sam sighs, in defeat as Dean talks over him.
“You said the one thing you want is something you can’t have.”
Panic claws at Dean’s throat. Everything feels tight. Everything is happening too fast and Dean feels utterly powerless. Sam’s going to kill Cass. The thought has him squirming trying to break the djinn’s unbreakable hold. Cass wouldn’t even have a chance to retaliate… Sam will probably come to him as a friend before stabbing him in the back.
“I don’t know what to do!” Cass whispers back in panic.
He completely forgot that he was supposed to be mad at Cass. Talking to that other version of him felt so much like talking to the real Cass that Dean just transferred the peace and absolution he felt after that conversation to the real Cass. But it isn’t and Dean can’t afford to forget that. But why?
“Like what?” he asks in confusion.
He utters one word: “Magic.”
Cass looks up at him smugly. “Okay.” He says before covering Dean’s cock slowly. One of his hands is resting on Dean’s hip bones, mostly to keep him in place and the other is playing with his balls.
And that’s it. The breaking point. He doesn’t care if his captor knows. He just wants out. He wants to stop feeling this way.
Sam rolls his eyes, unlocking the door. “Gimme twenty with Cass.”
Crowley chuckles. “A man of impeccable taste I see.”
Adam beams at his words, laying a hand on his arm to show support. “I like this you better too.”
Actually, scratch that. Cass doesn’t just wander around, waiting for Dean to talk to him again. Rather, he hovers. Making sure that he places himself in Dean’s path more often than not.
Dean’s head snaps up then. “Well, your secrets have once again cost us time and almost my life. Good job with that by the way.”
Dean stares at him wide eyed, with flushed lips and a slack jaw. The sounds of the battle have ceased, leaving them all in deadly silence.
“Sam.” Castiel says carefully. “Dean already ate it.”
“Your standards aren’t very high.” Cass points out drily.
“I –” Adam lets out a wavering breath. “I just need to feel my own skin Michael.
“We’re making some progress with finding your grace he says as they head to the kitchen. He sees Dean perk up, abandoning the potatoes for the salad which makes it easier for him to hear them.
He’s jarred from his thoughts as Crowley throws him into the back seat, squeezing in next to him.
Mom opens her mouth eagerly but Sam holds his hand up, “She found your Dr Sexy tapes in your room.”
Next he sprinkles some salt.
Thankfully, spending so many years in their presence has taught Dean a thing or two about regenerating one’s spirits.
Dean feels his muscles seize up immediately and he immediately tries to relax. In the heat of the moment (he’d been half asleep) Deanpie had sounded like a great nickname. Dean loves pie. But he realised how much like a pet name it sounded as soon as it came out of Cass’ mouth. Thankfully his friend had caught on to his discomfort and had tried to play it off. Really well actually.
Dean leans against the wall, almost afraid to shut his eyes and see blue ones staring back. God, he couldn’t even get off the right way now. Everything was fucked to hell.
“Hey.” Calls Crowley, drawing Lucifer’s attention. “Look at me. Pay attention to me.”
“You know me well.” He murmurs, blowing on the still steaming pie.
“Just be quiet.” Dean whispers.
Sam does, what any reasonable person would do. No, he doesn’t follow him back to Dean’s room. He whips out his laptop and watches in high definition.
‘Why is Cass always in your room? What do you guys do?’
Leaning on his elbows he shuts his eyes, the crushing weight of simply
“Since when has my flirting bothered you?” he demands, his voice still sounds hoarse. “I don’t stop you when you feel like banging the sexy waitress.”
“I used one.” Dee says sheepishly. “By accident.”
“For the record… well I might have been a bit uncomfortable but I would have enjoyed it.” Dean points out. He can’t have Cass floating around with him thinking that. “And um, she said it was from the moment she met you. Then after that everything that we did convinced her more and more.”
Replicating the Ma’lak Box had been fairly simple. The extra features he had added, those were harder to incorporate. Dean would need to see the box and believe it to be the exact specimen. It looks the part, he thinks. It’s bigger than the last one. He could not, for anything in the world, understand why Dean would choose to build such a small coffin to spend an eternity in.
“It’s not that easy.”
because I don’t want Sam to know. And not damaging our friendship of course. But we solved those problems; there’s no more ‘then’s”
change nothing. Maybe Dean is just too in his head about this. Lord knows he never listens to his own advice.
“Keep goin’ Cass.” His voice is low and intimate.
What’s in there? A hot chick? Or is she going to come in while the other guy is in the bathroom. The film’s about due for a threesome, now that he thinks about it.
Sam. Little bastard had been keeping tabs on him. That must be how he found out about the pearl. Anger runs through him, taking control of his every thought and movement. He misses Cass and he hates this entire situation, now it’s all just boiling over into a great big mound of anger.
Trembling violently, the angel doesn’t even turn to look at him. Dean feels his nerves increase for the first time in a long time. Tentatively, he pokes Cass’ shoulder. “Buddy?”
“Hey.” Sam says in greeting. “Sorry about Dean. He just doesn’t want to leave him. He knows you’re capable b-”
Cass peers down at him. “I don’t feel tired.”
“Porn.” Cass says immediately, his eyes darting to Dean’s.
“You basically screwed your world because he dies.”
“What?”
Pouting as Castiel moves away Dean grabs him by his tie and yanks him closer. Lips meet in a jarring clash that knocks the breath out of Castiel. Dean’s tongue parts his mouth licking lightly all over. To say that Castiel is stunned would be the biggest understatement of the century. Dean would
“Gotta say man.” Sam exhales, folding his hands behind his head. “This is more relaxing than sex.”
“You look it.” Sam affirms.
At the start of this they both agreed that Michael would remain in control for everyone’s safety.
He can’t bear being a disappointment.
“Crowley?” Dean screeches. “Like Fergus, Crowley?”
Before that, it had been Cass and Sam chanting ‘come in big momma,’ and wearing an Elvis get up.
Part of him wants to get up right away and start searching for a way to save him… because they
the love and kindness that’s in there too. It’s not the first time he wishes he could show Dean his soul, how beautiful it is. Maybe then his friend would finally see himself as Castiel does. Beautiful. Wonderful. Cherished. Loved.
“And I know Sam is your close friend.”
But it still doesn’t make sense.
“Oh angel.” Crowley groans. “What’s done is done. I’m pretty sure I can miracle you any classic you desire.”
“Dumbass.” Dean mutters.
Dean is silent for a moment, his mind still reeling. “I have faith Cass.” He says at last. “You taught me how to.”
It means a lot to Sam too. That his brother, the one who he usually depends on and looks to for confirmation, thinks so highly of his opinion. “To make you feel better we can try to limit Cass’ contact with Crowley too.” If Cass agrees to stay away, Sam thinks to himself. But they can work on that later.
“Why?” Sam asks thinly. He’s never seen Dean this terrified.
Sam sits in silence, not even the sounds of Cass frolicking about in Dean’s room is enough to lift his spirits.
There’s no way he can actually
Never, in a million years, would Sam have thought that he wouldn’t be happy to see the real big, Cass. But he feels his heart from and the pearl fall from his slackened grip.
Pressure rising, Dean feels the tension return to his shoulders. . “What do I think?” he demands, “I think that Cass is my best friend. We’d do almost anything for each other and if I need to do something that makes my skin crawl to make him happy and at home here then I’ll just suck it up.”
“It wasn’t a great time for me, Dean.” He defends.
“Two.”
“Yeah.”
“Woah!” Dean exclaims, throwing out a hand to hold him back. “You can’t come in here while I’m naked. And you can’t wear clothes in the shower.”
“That was a horrendous waste of time Dean.”
“You can’t stop this,” Chuck tells him. “Even if you could find Billie, she’d never let you near Jack. I’ve accepted my fate.” He nods to himself.
“You let him possess you.” he shoulders are slack, his mouth barely moves, it’s like he’s tired to the bone. “And you just left me. He killed Sam and Lucifer and I begged him – to leave you.”
“Please.” Castiel finds himself glad that he no longer has to focus on his body’s needs and can direct his attention soley onto Dean. “Please C-Castiel.”
Dean would say: ‘he’s gone native.’
These wings carried him out of the pit. His fingers itch to thread through the soft feathers. He wanted things to be normal again. He wanted to prevent Cass’ pain.
“I know.” He drones.
They lived a perfect life together. Castiel could not have asked for a better husband than Dean Winchester. They took care of each other, they loved, they lived. Their life was full, it surpassed their wildest dreams.
One kid looks familiar. Black hair, blue eyes, and a silent glare that only fades when he’s looking at Dean. The second, is unfamiliar, expect for the picture in his pocket.
Just as he had hoped, the honey does the trick. Cass lights up like a Christmas tree and practically hops up from the bench.
His heart rate kicks up as memories from their last encounter in the Impala resurface. He nods already feeling excited by the direction of this conversation.
Without even saying-
The streetlight is shot and it’s so dark he can barely make out the outline of the baby … except, not really a baby. Given his size Dean would guess he’s around two or three. In the moonlight he manages to make out the faintest hint of silver blue eyes. In that instant, Dean is as lucid as ever and he knows one thing for sure. This child will get his unyielding protection and he’d never abandon it.
Castiel presses a hand to his fore head. This entire thing had been stupid. He wasted all that time trying to get Dean to like him when all it had done was distract and confuse him, giving an enemy the perfect opening to kill them both. Having his feelings returned isn’t worth this.
At first Sam thinks he’s just got some pie stuck from stuffing his face, but Cass is there too, calmly regarding Dean who stops choking long enough to pin him with an incredulous stare.
“I couldn’t just give it to them.” he says. “I needed leverage. To know that they wouldn’t just leave us when we died. I peered into your heaven Dean…
“You-” Dean’s expression turns hard. “You little shit. I’m gonna get you for this.”
“My wish.” Cass says. “There’s something that I have to explain before that.”
He sees a sorrow, too profound to describe, crash down onto the angel’s countenance. And in that moment Sam understands just how much their bond means to Cass.
Clenching his jaw, he turns away from the angel and back to the other Dean, casually fishing on the dock. Dean feels almost guilty for interrupting what must be his one moment of peace. The guilt evaporates though, as he sees the sun gleam off a fishing hook. A fishing hook that floats in mid-air.
God wrote this book. God wrote a book on how to make Dean fall in love.
“Your efforts would be more useful trying to join the circus,” Crowley tells him blandly.
“Aren’t you?” Castiel retorts.
“Jody.” Sam says uneasily. “I already checked his room.”
Releasing him, Dean roams around the empty room, “Just think how all the stuff we picked will look here.” He grins widely spreading his hands out as he imagines it, “The couch, the rug… damn Cass, it’s going to be – gonna be perfect.”
“Right. I’m going to check.”
“Yeah.” Dean snorts. “You wanted to prove that I couldn’t do it. But
“Of course.” He sneers. “We don’t want
Dean is only human. Humans check the time ever two minutes when they’re bored. And Dean gets bored
blind, because all he sees is nothing but empty.
Reluctantly, he opens the door and promptly curses the burnt beet that sits smugly on the plate, taunting him.
When they settle down, Sam clears his throat. “So, what’s wrong Cass? I’ve never seen you like that before.”
Dean knows where this is going. It’s happened to him so many times before… except with a chick and no towels.
“Night Cass.” Dean whispers, pressing a quick kiss to his lips.
He and Sam still keep it to themselves, opting not to tell their band of happy campers that daddy’s smoking the grass. He isn’t sure how mom would react. He isn’t sure Jack would even understand what he’s talking about. And Cass…
Having a warm body next to his without needing to be on constant alert in case he picked up with a creature who wanted to murder him is
Jeez. Can he makes jacking off sound any more like the holy grail?
Many slices of pie and a few glasses of wine later, Dean chances a glance over to the happy couple.
Kissing Cass. Dean’d done it before… out of necessity… as a knee jerk reflex.
Castiel keeps telling myself it might be nothing. But the look in Dean’s eyes as he came apart under him…
It takes a gargantuan effort to convince Cass to well… ‘get out of his ass.’ In the metaphorical sense of course. Cass has never been and will never be in his ass physically.
“I can live with that.” Cass assures.
Dean’s skin is thrumming when they break apart, his nerves frayed from everything that happened over the past few hours. But when his eyes drop to Cass’ lips, he doesn’t have to play it off.
Losing him would destroy Dean.
At first he doubted it on principle, but now he’s not sure. In fact he’s even inclined to believe it. That Cass is in love with him. And the thing is, he has no idea how to properly handle it… and save them from Sam and save his
“They why are you acting like a mega bitch.”
“Look.” Gabriel waves the girls away and turns to face Crowley with a cocky grin that looks too fake. “Thanks for the rescue and all. But if it’s all the same to you, I’d rather get back to my welcome home party.”
thought it was Jody. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have even
Normal.
“Dean.” Cass calls. One glance tells him that his friend is also having mobility problems. At least something is going his way.
“You always take stupid risks Dean.” He says lowly, “And I think it’s about time you realise
“I don’t think that’s it.” Sam says. “You vanished almost immediately.”
Sam can see the sullen silence and the jealousy that rolls off Cass in waves. He can see the pain and hurt and inadequacy in his gaze and Sam is suddenly raging mad. At Dean for being so damn stupid and at himself for being too blind to see it before.
“You wished to be happy.” Dean whispers, his voice deceptively calm. “Damn it Cass.”
“Well… you must know, I have to be very thorough. If you feel any discomfort throughout the procedure, alert me at once.”
When Dean pulls out, Castiel feels his eyes go wide at the loss. Dean kisses him again, this time slower, lazier. “Lemme clean you up.” He murmurs before reaching for his shirt.
“Adam.” He says, stalking closer. “You have my full attention.”
“You love me.” he breathes.
Dean smiles, “Of course.” He whips out the box, complaining that some of the whipped cream had been smeared during the ride back.
Cass just chuckles and continues playing with his food.
“Well… yeah.”
It’s the night before the final battle. Or what he hopes will be the final battle. Dean doesn’t know how much longer he can carry on like this.
Alternate Dean glances away. “We have an agreement.”
“Well, uh, I didn’t think you were interested in the first place.” Dean says, “Bigshot angel and all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Note: the title for this chapter is from the Rob Thomas song 'This Is How The Heart Breaks' it gave me all the feels while writing this.
Sam obviously isn’t going to go along with anything in such a foul mood. He’d have to think of something else.
“Well.” He taps mom’s shoulder, “Guess Dean didn’t need that guest list after all.”
Castile glances at Dean, once more enjoying the air of relaxation that surrounds him. It seems as though Dean shares his desire to not dredge up any of the nasty stuff that had happened before he was captured. Strangely enough, though, it doesn’t bother him in the slightest. It doesn’t fill him with malevolence nor feel as though it’s driving a festering wedge between them.
… Mom stands, her face set in an unamused expression, she marches over to the fridge and rips it open standing back to let everyone see the contents, “Where’s the pie?” She demands.
“Just don’t.”
“Mpph.”
Could that be why things were going so wrong? Because Cass had wished for something that involves the being in the Empty?
His drinking got worse, his moods were too much for even Sam to keep up with. He’d never been more worried about his brother. But then Cass came back… and daisies sprouted in their gardens once more.
He knows who it is before he whorls around with his angel blade in hand. He’d been expecting Crowley for some time. But who he hadn’t expected was the archangel Gabriel.
“It’s good.” Dean says at last. “That you get to keep your grace. The way I acted before wasn’t fair to you. I know that your grace is a part of you and I’d rather have you…”
Break-up pie.
“Cass, Dean. Sit.”
Laughing Dean struggles to clarify, “No Cass, stuff to pick out, I mean. You’ll help me choose.”
Snorting, Dean presses a hand to his cheek. “I can’t” he whispers, “And I hate having you in here with me.”
Maybe his ‘Baby is a bubble’ thing was a good idea after all. After the initial confusion, he can’t deny that he felt something for Cass. Something romantic. He felt a type of yearning when they kissed and longing and guilt when they pulled away. If Cass feels anything towards him at all is an entirely different ball game. One that he doesn’t wish to think about now. First, he has to figure out his own feelings, then, and only then, can he move on to Cass’.
Dean swallows his guilt. Let Cass talk, he thinks, he deserves to vent.
“I’m watching over you.”
Sounds of pleasure spill from his lips as his hand moves faster and faster. He feels himself getting closer and closer but he can’t seem to send himself over the edge. He moves his hands faster, wincing as it almost
“Castiel.” Castiel snaps awake, stiffening instantly.
Breathing deeply to calm himself down, he tries to take in Dean’s words. To reconcile himself with the fact that he’d been living a lie… for weeks. Thinking that Dean was in love with him… happy with him… sure, there had been doubt, but for all intents and purposes he thought that his new life was real.
Carefully, he leans forward brushing his lips across the angel’s cheek, gradually moving down to his neck and across the arch of his wing. One hand remains braced on the angel’s hip to prevent him from throwing Dean off with his emphatic movements. His lips brush past something damp and sticky and he yanks his head back. A timid finger presses the spot and Cass yelps, gasping for breath with fingers immediately reaching back to wrench Dean’s hand off.
Dean hit his head.
Action plan time.
While Dee and the djinn are engrossed in a staring match, Dean makes his way over to Cass, carefully pressing his knuckles against Cass’ in a display of solidarity.
bad. Yet, when I saw that ‘accepted’ at the top, I felt my heart constrict. I wanted to leave more than anything. But I was so worried. About Dean and even about dad. I didn’t know how to feel but I knew how I was supposed to… and that’s what made me feel so crummy.”
“Is this how this is going down?”
Castiel never realised how specific human books could be. To find a lore book on the righteous man… in a gas station was almost absurd.
Dean takes a controlling breath. “Is it -?”
Could Cass be in love with him?
Stiffening, Cass is about to interject when Dean raises a hand. “Yes. Of course.”
for weeks. It was able to placate Sam, keep a cool head, and seemed genuinely concerned about Dean and Cass. It got him: hook, line, and sinker. He still can’t wrap his head around that level of deception. He feels utterly violated.
“Good.” Cass says, “We weren’t doing that anyway.”
P.S. I added a new tag ;)
Never go to bed angry.
“No one would blame you.”
“I bet you never grow bored with them around, Moose.”
Dean shrugs. “Maybe.”
So I'm in limbo. I hardly have motivation to do anything - even write. But rest assured, I will finish all my WIPs in due time.
“We need to figure out what he’s up to,” Sam says vaguely, ignoring Crowley’s outburst.
Castiel feels like a drama queen when he shakes his head yet again. “I don’t want to be in the Impala.”
Jody blinks at them in horror.
“No I didn’t.” Dean insists. “Cass… half the time I wonder if you even know how to write. Since when do you write your name on stuff anyway? What are we… in grade school?”
And until he’s sure he doesn’t want to risk bringing it up.
Please? Please what? Dean’s too drained to ask. Instead he just squeezes his friend’s hand lovingly.
“I wish I could do that.” He breathes.
Laughing, Castiel shakes his head and heads to the kitchen to get the pie. It’s just as delicious as last time and Dean just wishes that he had some way to preserve the taste of it.
“Sam.” Cass says shortly.
Sam is stumped.
“That doesn’t make sense.” His gaze cuts to Sam’s then. “You don’t look shocked,” he observes.
“You,” he spits the word like poison, “You know
An unyielding expression might have been the safer option, but his puppy eyes haven’t failed him yet. He stares at Dean and stares… he sees the moment his brother caves and he almost smiles in triumph.
I tried. I screamed myself hoarse but then I realised that I was only hurting Dean. To hear me screaming for him while he’s there alone…  helpless. I still pray… from time to time. Just – just to say hello.”
“Sammy.” Dean winces.
Dean fidgets, “You forgot the pie. You
Noticing the frown on Sam’s face, “Is something wrong?” Mary’s voice is suspicious, her hands tightening on Crowley’s chains.
Dean isn’t sure how to
Something else caught his eye… just before the beet actually. A small book. It was so inconspicuous that he would have missed it, had it coat not got caught on its spine. It fell with a loud clatter and the store clerk winced on his behalf.
“You did that on purpose.” Dean breathes in realisation.
Sam should just buy all of them.
to look. After Sam had teased him on and off for days, Dean had taken to the internet to find out
Sam nods reluctantly and he leads them out of the room. Walking down the corridor to Dean’s room feels like a walk to death row. Maybe it’s because Dean walks with his shoulders hunched and his jaw clenched, as though gearing up for a confrontation.
Dean can’t imagine how Cass could fall in love with him after the way Dean treated him but this is Cass.
“Good.” The djinn hisses. “My work is complete.”
“What?” He demands, no longer groggy, “But the ghost?” he glances at the back seat. “Mom and Sam?”
Dean’s prayer hits him like a brick, his dire tone almost causing him to drop the coffee cup he has.
“Cass” he drones, flopping back down, “This isn’t fair to you. Mayb – ”
“You didn’t cut me out.” Sam assures.
Sam looks away. “Fine.”
In the aftermath of their night together Dean and Castiel handle the emotional fall out very differently.
Please don't hesitate to let me know about something that you want added in (be it a trope or an idea) I love hearing from you guys <3
“A few days late, actually.” Cass says drily. “Come into my office.”
“Crowley.” He grunts. What is today anyway? Smother Dean Day?
He cracks a small smile at that. Dean never ceases to amuse him.
Squeezing back, Dean sighs, speaking softly. “If you’re anything like my Cass… you were always my big win.” He doesn’t say that he felt like crap every time Cass disappeared without a trace, never calling or checking in or about the countless screw-ups that could have been avoided had he only trusted Dean. Castiel doesn’t need to hear that.
“My own kind hates me.” Cass says quietly. “This one angel doesn’t. I felt a sense of camaraderie with him. But don’t you think for a second, that I’d ever choose him over you.”
A beeping noise interrupts his thoughts and he sees Sam’s name in the call window.
“You. Dean. You.” he takes a step forward before looking around uneasily and taking two backwards.
Dean chuckles. “Nice one.” He says before turning serious. “It’s never been thrown in your face before though.”
The wave of emotions canceled each other out and he could barely keep himself standing. The only thought blaring loudly in his mind:
He says,
“I’m not going to hang you out to dry.” He promises. “What we need to do before we go any further is talk.”
The video starts out classic. Some spanking and girl on girl action that might have been taken straight from his fantasies. What he likes most about Casa Erotica, is the story. With the spanking, it’d been a chick who’d gotten caught trying to steal some make-up from a store. With the girls it’d been some racy step-sibling thing that hadn’t really made much sense.
“It’ll wash off man.” Dean groans, “Just get in here and turn the light off. I’m tired as hell.”
He’s startled out of his reverie. Instantly he looks away from Dean planting his attention instead on his still full plate.
When Castiel finds his breath again, he pushes out of Dean’s grip, staring at him accusingly. “Why did you stop?” he demands, voice trembling. “Just a few extra moments…”
And Cass said he felt funny… wrong… dirty. That must be the boner.
. I thought you knew that… but you just didn’t care.”
Then there had been the incident with Billie on the bridge. Cass had saved them all. But Sam had known that Dean would have been the one to offer himself up at the last second.
Maybe Cass is hoping that he doesn’t remember their conversations. Sam’s honestly hoping for that too. Dean may be able to move past a secret like this… but finding out that Cass is in love with him and has been for some time?
“You’ve got to be shitting me.” he mumbles.
But it’s even more suspicious.
When he sees Cass preparing to mojo himself back to normal, he lays a hand on his stomach to stop him. “Why don’t you just enjoy the afterglow?”
“Oh!” he says sharply. “Well… it’s um, polite?” Is that the right word? “To warn the person who’s sucking you off when you’re about to come.”
“I was coming back…” He says. “To tell you goodbye.”
likes in a blow job.
Clearing his throat, Dean looks away. “Maybe you were right not to say anything. I might not have been the most … accommodating had you brought this up a while ago.”
“Cass. It has to be Dean. You know it.” Sam implores. With a knowing look, he glances between him and Dean. The realization that he knows –and probably has for some time– hits him like a brick falling on top of the already formed pile of bricks that is Chuck’s ultimatum.
They’re
When they get to the library the smiles drop from their faces. Everything is in disarray. The tables overturned, books sprawling open. And then there’s Cass.
“Don’t go.” Dean chokes. That’s as much as he can manage. “If you go then –”
“If you want, I could take care of it.”
“Oh.”
The walk is long and cold. Dean feels his shoes sinking into the mud with every step, the sludge sticking to his ankles, further weighing him down. Cass isn’t faring much better. His coat is covered, his hair slick. Dean keeps a tight hold on his wrist, scared that the ground will swallow them up or that they’ll lose track of each other in the darkness.
“Only if you throw the rest out after two bites,” Cass says with air quotes before grabbing Dean’s free hand and dragging him inside.
“How about I help you find him?” Sam does his best to keep his voice light.
Again, she laughs loudly. “My lamp?” she chuckles. “If you could see inside, you would not call it ‘itty bitty.’”
If anything, Crowley seems… sad.
The sound of their skin slapping and their grunts are like explosions in the quiet of the night. In the dim light he can barely even see her. Her blue eyes stand out clearly though, his thoughts echoing back to last night in a blink. And soon it’s not her tight channel he’s pounding into, it’s Cass’ closed fist, he’s lifting his hips frantically chasing after his release. He slams his eyes shut, pushing the images awa-
Sam just shrugs it off. “That’s okay. We’ll take something else.”
so I guess the next chapter is gonna contain some raunchy car sex ;)
“That’s not-” Dean should feel relieved. He
He chooses his next words carefully, knowing what a sore point it is between them. “I never
“It’s not your fault.”
BUT thankfully, I caught it haha.
“Okay.”
That gives them pause.
Movie night, games, cooking. The works.
“This is cool.” He glances down. “I wonder if I can go again.”
“Open your eyes Dean. It’s wonderful here.”
It seems that Dean finds himself unable to walk in silence. “And you,” He says brightly, elbowing Sam harsher than necessary. “you’re now anti-research, think you can pull that off Einstein?”
Sam looks chastised, if not guilty, “Sorry Cass. You know how Dean is though. I just didn’t want things to be any messier than they should be.”
“C’mon.” a light tug on his arm springs him into action, “Don’t let me catch you two getting hands-y in here again!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you to
“It seems we have a malfunction.” Cass observes.
When he’s away from the laptop, he does some family bonding.
Glancing back at the unconscious Winchester, Castiel can’t help but think that this could have all been avoided, had Dean only trusted his opinion enough to listen.
Sam nods.
Cass perches on the edge of Dean’s bed. They’ve been in this exact position before. Dean’s knees pressing up against his own and his coat hanging off the edge of the bed.
He was so caught up in this whole ‘Cass might be in love with Dean’ extravaganza, that he’d completely neglected the research.
“So get this.” Sam says, flicking his hair back, “Turns out that the gem – pearl – that he was holding has the power to grant wishes.”
I'm sorry this took so long.... But leme tell ya, I feel Cass, being in love with someone who doesn't know is hard as hell. Wrote this with like a bottle a Jack and some vokda but I think it's fine.
Dean glances pointedly at him and he feels obligated to respond: “Hello, Dean.”
Feeling his face darken, Dean squashes his anger down. Now isn’t the time to get violent with Sam. “Sam… trust me, Cass and I know where we stand with each other.”
Dean sighs exasperatedly.
Other Cass thought that Dean was in love with Cass because he gave up that thing he still doesn’t want to think about. But is there any merit to that statement? If he’s in love with Cass, surely he’d know? Right? Or Cass would know? Someone must know.
“I’ll tell him and come back,” Sam says leaving Dean sitting open-mouthed on the bed.
He frowns at that. “Spiffy?”
Despite his bravado, Dean is skittish about going into the cottage with Cass.
Strangely enough, it’s Dean that begs him not to go, complaining that he could lose reception at any moment. Castiel figures that he’d just call back, or wait till Sam and Dean got back to the bunker if that became the case.
He shudders. A deal, of course Dean had made a deal. To save him if he guessed right. He’s too numb to feel angry or to even place blame. But things have become abundantly clear. Dean has a limited amount of time to stay on this earth and he’s chosen to spend the remainder of his life in this cottage with Castiel. It would warm his heart if it didn’t also shatter it to pieces.
He never told Dean, and he doesn’t plan to now. He has more than enough to worry about with his arthritis and general old person problems. He knows that they won’t be parted forever, just a few hours for the most. Yet the thought still causes his eyes to sting.
The grainy picture shows Cass'-shoulders perk up and he leans closer. "Thank you Dean."
Well he’s not sure, but they’ll cross that bridge when they need to and not a moment before.
“Dean, I’m not mad.” Sam shouts. “I just – thought you, of all people, understood the importance of always being on guard.”
Cass narrows his eyes. “Dean. Do not fool around with me.”
Personal space.
“About people’s opinions getting to me.”
“Are you happy?” He asks as he presses his face into Dean’s chest. They both sit on the couch, enjoying the smell of the pie as it becomes stronger with every passing minute.
Sam pats his stomach thoughtfully. “Sure why not. Just a bite though, I’m not Dean.”
“You can go faster now.” He says as Cass whimpers on every thrust. “And try squeezing just a bit when you get to the top.”
“I got the water.” He says. “And the porn.”
By the way Dean just pats him on the back, Sam’s sure that he hasn’t picked up on Cass’ foul mood.
“First of all, Cass and I don’t stare. I look at him when I’m talking to him I do that with everyone. And Cass likes my clothes. Said so himself, so you can shove it Mr No-style. Thirdly… it’s lavender. It’s supposed to be calming and – uh, helps relieve stress.”
“No,” Dean says, crossing his arms. “Now, why are you here? And what is that?”
Adam just smiles and continues stroking his neck.
His feet move without any command, leading him to Cass. He squeezes… not too hard, but… medium.
Sam almost tears apart the bunker before he finds Dean wandering around one of the hallways, peeking into every bedroom he passes by.
“I’m only sleeping with Cass.” He blurts, causing Sam to make a choking noise, his eyes bulging out of his head. Dean is quick to correct his mistake. “I mean - we haven’t slept together - yet. But Cass is the only one I want to sleep with.” he adds for clarity, he doesn’t want Cass thinking that he’s not interested in pursuing a physical relationship
“I missed you too Dean.” A comfortable silence settles between them. “Did – did you know … you lasted longer than any of us ever would.”
“I hate you.”
“Not as beautiful as you.” he returns, running a hand over the freckles on Dean’s cheek. He pulls Dean up to him, pressing their bodies flush against each other. They both groan as their cock rub against each other. Castiel reaches down, cupping his hand over them both as best as he can, squeezing their cocks together. Dean thrusts his hips, dragging his cock along Castiel’s in a way that has his eyes rolling back.
“Sam?”
His body drops to the floor, shaking violently. But even as he shakes, Chuck grins widely.
Cass doesn’t seem perturbed, he just fingers the painted letters as if he were caressing the angel tablet. Dean screws his face up in disgust.
“I was just checking up on him Crowley.” His voice almost sounds as offended as he wants it to.
“But we were together.” Cass says. “Even if it was unofficial. We both knew.”
His hands tremble as he replaces the box. Of course you matter, he thinks.
Cass lays the plate out in front of him with a huge, gargantuan slice. Then he sets another plate out for himself.
And Cass.
“Now why would I do that.”
“Dean says you like to taste the molecules.” She comments, breaking the silence during their walk.
“He was nice about it. Gave me a speech about wanting different people for different things. Speaking of which.” Dean raises a brow. “Gardening?”
“Then why?” Sam wonders. “Why go through the trouble? Why do you want these books?”
“Buddy.” He perches next to Cass letting their knees press together. “I’m sorry for touching your stuff.”
“Dean?” he calls.
to get up.
Flat on his back, now, Dean’s face buried in his neck, hands tight around his throbbing member. One of his hands remains tangled in the sheets and the other threaded in Dean’s hair. He’s helpless to do anything but moan against the relentless pleasure.
If he tells Dean, then everything could come crashing down. Dean would wonder how they encountered the books at the same time – if it was divine intervention. He’d scrap their relationship on principle. Sam knows more than anyone how much Dean hates being manipulated.
Quickly, he looks away, now having no other choice but to look at Cass.
“I forgive you Sam.” Cass says sincerely. Dean nods in agreement.
“Don’t mojo it back up.” He says softly, moving up to press a kiss to the angel’s lips. “Enjoy the afterglow with me.”
This is the scoop of a lifetime.
“I know.” Dean’s voice is sincere. “But – I’m not – I’m not attracted to you.” Pain. Pain engulfs him, spreading his heart to his extremities at an alarming rate. “You’re my best friend. And I love that you can do this with me. And trust me; you’re the only one I’d ever do this with… for.” He smiles, seemingly oblivious to Castiel’s pain, “I know this is all about experience for you too and I know I’m screwing that up by not – participating…”
Seeing as they can’t just let Dean choke to death, Cass finally does the humane thing. Slapping him rather harshly on the back and causing the offending fry to be projected about halfway across the table. Sam’s pretty sure he didn’t
“Not – no. I wish to massage you.” Cass sputters.
“This will kill you?”
“Your legs are shaking.” He observes.
It’s clear that Dean regrets even asking the question. The way he swallows nervously, and glances off to the side, his face set in a grim line. He’s beating himself up over this – Castiel knows his expressions well.
“Divine?” Cass asks. “As in… holy?”
Only Michael.
“Yum.”
Cass pulls back, full on beaming at him. “Is Sam getting out as well?”
The call cuts.
Cass is taking his anger out on the trees. That’s something. He’s still in control. Dean can do this.
Dean hasn’t smelled anything that putrid in a while. It takes him back to the thousands of decaying bodies him and Sam dealt with. By the smell of it, it’s been there for a while. Dean half hopes that it’s the thing that ate the poor birds. Maybe a racoon or a fox. The smell leads him right to it. And boy is it a beast. Just… quite obviously, not the one he’d been hoping for.
When Jody enters it’s with a loud clang that has Sam springing out of his seat as though a seat was switched.
Something cold presses tightly to his chest, cutting through the material of his jacket and shirt and piercing the skin just over his heart.
But what if Dean could make it seem innocent. That way Sam isn’t suspicious, and he still gets a chance to hang out with Cass.
“Wait, Cass, get silver, get a bronze dagger and coat it in your blood, that’s not – ” he cuts off his frantic protests, ending the call and returning to his place in bed. His place next to Dean.
Living life high is a special kind of feeling.
Oh, and Crowley’s here.
He doesn’t understand how they managed to cram so much information into one little CD. Doesn’t matter though, cause it’s a steal of a deal as far as porn is concerned.
“Don’t be a bitch about it.” he bristles. “Why aren’t you in your room?”
“Dean. I’ve seen your condoms before. There’s no need.”
“It’s not very Dean like is it.” Dean mutters, “But it makes Cass happier.”
It’s probably all part of Crowley’s master plan, and Sam is not going to let him get away with it. Stonily, he glares at Crowley, who shifts under his gaze. Maybe he’s finally realizing his place. Good.
think that it is.”
The poor man. They’d tried almost ten different mattresses and Dean had been uncharacteristically fussy about a mattress that he would only use for a few weeks. In fact… it seems strange to even bother purchasing a mattress. He’s known Sam and Dean to get sleeping bags instead or sometimes, even sleep on the floor. He doesn’t bring it up though. He doesn’t want to start a row with Dean so soon. Instead he soaks in the comfort of having Dean’s body next to him. While they may share the bed now, Dean had made it crystal clear that they would buy one from him and another for Cass.
“I’m on my way.” And the call cuts.
“Dean,” Cass says in greeting, walking up to him cradling a large brown paper bag.
Nodding, Dean presses their heads together. “Me neither.”
He always comes when Dean calls. He always does whatever is needed. This time is no different.
“Maybe we should practice making some healthy dishes.” He suggests, “So that when Sam gets here he’ll have something to eat.”
Castiel nods, pleased with himself.
Dean seems to consider this for a moment. “Okay. But no funny business, capiche?’”
on some level it’s true. What enrages him, is that somehow, Crowley knows it too. He
Dean wakes up stupid and… horny as hell. It feels so good. The warmth of another person next to him… the lack of stress and responsibility. A small moan slips from his lips.
Sam can see the moment Cass’ mistake dawns on him.
Dean scoffs, “Pfft!” he waves a dismissive hand. “That’s a
“He loved me when I was the only thing left.”
“Will you?” the djinn smirks. “Or will the Winchester?”
“Is this working?” he asks, his tone more intimate than intended.
Shrugging, Dean fingers a red onesie before chucking it into the cart. “It’s under my bed.”
“No– that’s not what I’m…” Sam’s eyes widen. “Wait.” He breathes in horror. “Three months?”
The ground squelches against his shoes as he follows Cass into the darkness.
need to put your lessons into practice.”
Dean gives him a satisfied grin, sitting up and pulling his pants on.
“Do you want a doctor?” Sam asks quietly. Dean’s skin is still almost blue and he’s burning up. In fact, the entire room feels hot… or is that just the exertion from running all the way here.
“On a hunt.” Dean whispers, “I – I always thought that if I lost something on a hunt… it would be a finger or a toe. Not my entire leg.
“Oh, come on, Samantha. you can do better than that.” Crowley pouts at him. “Something with a bit more flair.”
“I don’t care if you stay… or if you go.” And by the airy quality of Dean’s voice, he really doesn’t care.
But he left it on the table. It wouldn’t have just rolled away on its own.
the library for almost a day, both, ruefully coming up empty handed. Dean even goes as far as interrogating little Cass (gently of course) as to the details of his wish and the whereabouts of the pearl. Castiel was clueless on both counts and overall dejected that he wasn’t able to help Dean.
Sam freezes, hearing a cooing sound.
That’s when all the blood races to his face. Dean would pray that the darkness is hiding his flush, but knowing Cass, he’d probably hear his prayer and laugh.
Another Sam POV is coming up soon.
Nerves has his hands fiddling with the bedsheets as Cass stares up at him with big blue eyes.
“How could you!” he shrieks, feeling tears of shame gather in his eyes followed by the shame of his tears creating a sickening feedback loop of leaky eyes.
“Dean that was amazing.” He breathes. “Thank you.” Cass’ hands wrap around him, squashing Dean against his chest.
Dean knows that he’s being a terrible friend, but he
“Hey, Jody.”
Fright flashes over Dean’s features. “So you’re tellin’ me that you potentially dealt with a shifter, a siren, a djinn… and yesterday, a witch?”
to address. “About me and um,
He scrambles for his cell, hoping that the one person he needs right now will actually pick up.
Sam huffs from his corner, “We want a bite too.”
Dean rests his head against the headboard. Staring down at Cass’ pink, erect dick.
“I – I opened the box because you were suffering.” Dean spits, “I won’t let you go back.”
“Damn it.” Dean coughs. “What the hell is this?” he dusts the residue off his jacket.
“He will destroy this world if he finds us here.”
"Hello, Dean."
He slams his hand down, hoping to slice enough of it off of his leg that it would die.
“Hey!” Dean snaps, noting that Crowley is picking up
“So…” Dean says, none too casually. “It’s been a while since… you know.”
The bed room gives him nothing of import other than Joaquin clearly had no interest in material things. The only mention worthy detail he finds is that, from the pictures at least, Joaquin always wore a small gold bracelet with one half of a heart attached. Just as he’d seen Sam and Dean do many times, he passes his hand under the small worktable. He stops as his finger brushes a small bag.
“I don’t get it man.” He says. He wants to step closer, but he doesn’t want to chase Cass away. They’re finally talking about this. This is the most words he’s said about his feelings and the impact of the mark.
“Oh no, we’re not doing this,” Dean says, moving to stand.
“You don’t
He scans the area with his honed tactical skills, but his eyes flit back to Cass every now and then. The angel can’t help but find it endearing… even though it won’t last. And he can’t help it, when his eyes widen and he lets out a hoarse shout, just as the demon is about to stab Dean. He whorls just in time to parry, but Castiel had never felt such fear. Even now, as he moves further and further away… the simulations almost always took place in the bunker; never in the middle of a battle.
Sam raises a brow. “And that is?”
Castiel’s heartbeat thunders in his ears and he’s trapped in the simulation all over again.
Castiel swallows. He hadn’t expected such a simple answer from Dean. He expected at least some doubt about their feelings or their compatibility. Dean sounds sure now, surer than when they had last spoken.
This is the one thing he can’t fix.
“Definitely no junk in my trunk.” He says, “Have some decency.”
“I thought I was helping them.” she says with despair. This one thing, she can’t even manage to do it right.
Castiel looks away from them and down at himself. Shame burns him from the inside out, like a fever.
Cass snarls at him, but it’s almost filled with glee.
“How did you get into this situation?” he asks, trying to keep his voice even.
Dean.”
Sam’s actions must have some effect because Dean sags in his grasp, his chin digging into Sam’s shoulder, his hands slowly rising to return his embrace.
“Boo!”
Sam just laughs again though, oblivious to their silent conversation. “Dean, you really had me thinking that you two were in some kind of secret relationship or something.”
“Touché.” He mutters.
Cass stops playing with his bee and shakes his head solemnly, no. “I
The real one is probably out there trying to get him back
“Knows?” Interrupts a dry voice to his side. “Yeah.”
“I want you to kiss me.” Well thank God Dean finished his slushy five miles back. He schools his face into a mask of placation as Cass continues to babble on. “You seemed to like my methods and like I said, I – am not the best when it comes to human interactions. There’s no one I’d rather learn from.”
He dashes after Castiel, only to find Michael already there watching a long figure on the docks. It’s him. Well, another him. This will never stop being freaky.
“But soon enough, he
Sam narrows his eyes. “What’s the catch?”
Sam still feels like he’s missing something. One final piece to draw the puzzle together.
“How could you have done this to Dean?” she demands. “He made you out to be some kind of saviour and this is what you turn around and do!”
“It’s necessary Cass.” He retorts stepping into the Impala. It’s not that he didn’t think it was a huge waste himself, it’s just that he knows the detriments of not being thorough.
“Pineapples grown on trees?” Dean wonders. “You’ve got to be shittin’ me.”
“What?” Dean pushes the beet aside since Cass’ eyes keep darting to it.
“No.”
“C’mon. Spit ball.”
come here to sabotage them,” Sam growls stepping out from behind the corner. There was never a doubt in his mind. Maybe if they can get it through Crowley’s head that Dean isn’t interested, he’ll back-off.
“Well this is useless.”
“Hello buddy.” This voice is clear, drowning out all the other noises around him.
The next comes at just the right time. He admits to Dean that he wants to kill himself and Dean – Dean just scowls at him, saying it’ll save me some time.
What Dean needs to purge the memory of – the things that happened there – is pie.
Cass considers him for a minute. “Why didn’t you talk to me?”
The noise Sam makes doesn’t even deter him as he wraps his arms around Cass.
Sam immediately steps back.
