The Tony-shaped lump moves a little at the smell of pancakes, but Steve's so distracted by that he burns the first pancake and it sticks to the pink pan. Steve hurls it in the sink. Tony stills. In the morning, the pan is clean and new and in the cupboard again.
T'Challa and Okoye were standing at Tony's feet. Bookends.
and frustrated, because he
for them. And the Avengers can look after themselves, they don’t need my assistance—"
Happy's mouth went slack in realization. They got on so well, it was difficult for them both to remember sometimes that they lived in completely different spheres of experience. Happy squinted and
Iron Man to him, desperate to keep him there, an anchor to this moment. Steve's dizzy again, dizzier than he was inside. Iron Man's mouth is hot and addictive and Steve wants to kiss him forever. Steve's not like this, he's
Tony wanted to say a thousand things. Different scripts flooded through his head, all the possible dialogue options for this moment. He had a hundred different versions of this scene on the tip of his tongue. His glib professional persona wanted to say something witty. The part of him that had been a member of a strong team for so many years wanted to smooth over the atmosphere with something kind to push it under the rug. His anger wanted him to repulsor blast Steve in the chest and beg forgiveness later.
every textbook in the room to the desk, because Tony was surreptitiously charming all of them to try and smack Steve in the face. In Arithmancy, Professor Cho had to physically stand between them when a debate about whether Bridget Wenlock could be credited as fundamental to the popularity of Quidditch got too heated (Steve thought Tony was being stupid, which just seemed to make Tony's assertions louder and increasingly polysyllabic. Tony was stupid: there
"Are you okay?" Steve asked. "Your secret identity was important to you. You just inadvertently had a boundary violated. How are you feeling about that?"
"Good. I need you to reach into my helmet. On the right side is a small strip of fabric. It won’t look like much, but it’ll do the job."
"She knows what she wants," Steve corrected.
Steve's skin cooled as realization started to sink in. From the way Tony had responded to him, he'd assumed they were in the same chapter, if not exactly on the same page. He'd been so sure that the tension which had simmered between them was genuinely reciprocated.
"Well, this is more domestic than I was imagining," Carol says. "But the Cavalry's here, boys. Sorry we took so long."
Tony pulled back from the kissing, breathing hard and smiling in a way that felt like it was permanent, like maybe all he'd ever be able to do now was smile. He was struggling to breathe; it seemed like Steve was finding it similarly difficult. Steve leaned his forehead against Tony's.
tree in return for our services to Latveria."
Tony wanted. He just
Steve huffed a laugh; Tony risked a glance to the side to see a hint of a pink hue in Steve's cheeks. "Maybe it's excess holiday spirit."
“And they need to know where it hurts. A painkiller inhibits that.”
It turns out that when somewhat caught in a lie, Tony gets these small spots of pink, high on his cheeks. "Yeah, I—yeah. He tells me things, sometimes."
Tony swallowed in realization. "We can't be long in here, the others would talk," he said, slowly. He worried about what to say next; would
that Steve liked about him. Sometimes, when Iron Man said something witty, Steve had to clench his fists and take a few deep breaths when no one was watching him. Delirious rambling from someone so smart might still sound like coherent speech. It was just one more vexation; his worries were starting to pile up. Why hadn’t anyone found them yet?
At least Tony Stark could be stunned into silence.
Tony pulls back, but remains within Steve's arms, so that's encouraging. He looks stunned. "
"Your downstroke is too slow," Tony said. "That's why you're underperforming."
"So he's been like this—" Jan said, her voice soft. She was sitting opposite Steve, holding Tony's other hand. That was nice. Even if Jan wasn't dating him, she was still his friend. She was still
Tony edged a glance at Steve. Steve wasn't looking at him. His jaw was clenched like he was mulling over something in his head, something he probably would never say. His shoulders were hunched over slightly, which was more unusual; Steve's posture was usually perfect at all times. Even in bed.
There had been moments before between them that had felt somewhat charged, conversations that Steve and Iron Man had shared that went into the small hours, but nothing had felt close to this. This was insane. This was
? You freaked me out."
"I know, it's terrible," Tony sighed. "I could buy my apology tomorrow, if I needed it. Snap. Like that."
The circulation to Iron Man’s stomach had been cut, then. Steve had to fight to keep his breathing even. Iron Man was probably clammy under the armor, and adrenaline would be keeping Iron Man’s heart rate up. It was when it dropped that it would be a problem, because that would mean low blood pressure. It also meant that he’d probably lost around three quarters of a liter of blood already. Damn it.
Steve was wearing his gloves; there was something nice about the friction of the leather against Tony's chin as Steve tipped his face up so he could kiss him more easily. Tony had been sitting at his desk in his lab when Steve came in; he hadn't even let Tony stand up. Steve seemed content to bend over Tony awkwardly as he continued to slowly move their mouths together.
Tony shot him an arch look over the top of the mug. "It's
"You should take a break, Steve," Carol said, crossing the room to stand next to Steve, by Tony's body's bedside. "Go get cleaned up."
Tony was an ex-Merchant of Death with blood on his hands he'd never be clean of. He'd been such an idiot, kidding himself that he could ever be worthy of someone as pure and good as Steve. Tony was good enough to sneak around with. A warm body for a good time, but that's all he could be. Of course Steve wouldn't
Had Tony been too hasty, yelling at Steve like that? What had he been thinking? That he was worth more than a quick lay and a warm body to kiss? Maybe that, not Strange, was the real ridiculous thing here.
the idea that Steve saw it as a compromise that he'd give up being Iron Man, or reduce his role with
"You space out in a real fight, you could die," Steve warns, extending a hand to help him up to his feet.
"A good enough run of—bug sweeping?" Steve's eyebrows knotted in open confusion.
"They're all fried and neutralized," Tony said. He put the device on the edge of the nearby table so he could put both hands around the mug. The ceramic surface was still hot, even though the kitchen was several floors above and Steve had taken the stairs, both up and down again. More of that beneficial super-soldier strength and speed rearing its head. "Thanks for this."
Steve basically
Steve's jaw tightened. "Not here."
in a way things rarely were to him. The idea of never seeing Steve again was ripping him apart.
He could feel the ghosts of Steve's kisses on his lips. If this hadn't really happened, if Tony had gone insane and lost his mind… he wasn't sure sanity was something he wanted to chase.
"Spring," Steve offers—the temperature stays warm, but not too hot.
"You should tell me," Tony demanded, instantly. "When I wake up from this in my body again, you should tell me
Everything went into slow-motion. Tony helped Steve push the last crate onto the top shelf. Steve's body crowded his. It was so
"Thank you for the offer." Tony stretched his smile into a more rueful variety. "I'm kind of seeing someone at the moment. Thanks, though."
Steve tugs Iron Man further into the dancing throng. Iron Man's arms link around Steve's neck as they swing around quickly to avoid Gamelin; Steve's other hand moves so he's gripping Iron Man's waist. Steve's dizzy and it's not just the dancing to blame. It's the heady feeling of Iron Man here, in his arms. Iron Man's the closest thing to a best friend that Steve has in this decade, as strange as that seems; Steve's spent hours enjoying his company both on the battlefield and off. Steve's heart is pounding.
"Shit, Gamelin's looking this way," Iron Man mutters.
sadistic captors.
"But I'm not changing her surname to Stark," Steve said, as he pulled back. Dammit, there was that uncanny predicting again.
Steve made a huffing noise through his teeth.
too powerful leverage over either of them, if Steve could use her so successfully, just like that.
What?
"Cap got lucky too," Jan says loudly, and Steve resists the urge to wallop his head face first into the punching bag, because
"How about no," Tony grouched and sulkily reached for another cookie. He frowned at the milk. "I have enough trouble with the mustache sometimes—how
"Thinking's overrated," Steve said, moving like he was going to kiss Tony again, and then he tensed a little and straightened instead, frowning down at the content of Tony's table. "Are you still working on Jim?"
"When we argued, and you said
"So let me get this straight." Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. "You realized I was in love with you, so when you found out you were responsible for a baby, you deliberately ran away without telling me, because you knew I'd demand to co-parent with you, and that would mean the world had Iron Man for less time, or my company might suffer?"
To say Tony was freaking out was an understatement.
"Gonna slam me into the boards, huh?" Tony waggled his eyebrows.
"Yeah, uh—" Hank squinted at him. "While you were busy making out with Santa Claus, we got some old trouble in New Jersey—the Wrecking Crew are out to wreck the holidays—didn't you hear your identicard?"
Oh. Steve hadn't left
"Aren't you supposed to be able to see into all of the other astral realms or whatever this bullshit is?" Tony asked.
"Yeah?" Robbie looked so hopeful at that, Tony couldn't bear to admit he'd just decided it was even happening.
"...what?"
Tony choked out an unamused laugh and turned his head to look at Steve, and he couldn't hold it back, couldn't do anything but blaze his heartbreak at Steve at full force, because Tony was a fool who had let himself be vulnerable and been sliced apart for the privilege. Tony was weak enough to let Steve glimpse a shard of the damage he'd caused.
Ha. He was the
"I don't understand villains in general. But to attack people in the holidays—"
"But—you do it alone?
Steve stares at him, unable to decipher Tony's words, even though they're simple and easy words and not the techspeak Tony uses as easy as breathing. In the artificial light, Tony's devoid of the angles and shadows that Steve is used to when he watches Tony work in his lab.
" Steve repeated, lecturing with impunity, "even
"I suppose," Steve shuffled, nudging a crate in his anxious, fractious movement with his ankle. "Maybe we should put some of the empty crates away so it's easier to move around the tree?"
Tony froze, mid-rant. "What?"
Happy made a loud, amused noise into his milk glass. Tony looked down at himself, still in the Santa suit. "Maybe tonight will help you figure it out? Let you get into character?"
"He's
"Is Gabe still young enough to write Santa a letter?"
"You're wussing out on the downstroke," Tony said.
Tony snickered. Just for that comment, it would be.
"It wasn't true before," Steve said, quietly.
″ Yes, Steve was getting stuck on that point, but he rather felt it was justified.
Tony sat on the doorstep.
, Steve was friendly, but he didn't smile as often around
He thought he heard her say, “They’re both alive, but barely.”
"That's not what this is about," Steve muttered.
Tony took a breath. Steve needed some sleep. He'd have gotten that necessary sleep if he'd let Tony stay; Tony could have taken Sarah for a while, let Steve have a nap. Being a parent was hard enough; being a single parent was
"This is why I didn't tell you," Steve hissed, trying to keep his voice low so Sarah didn't wake up.
you said when we were in there,” Tony continued.
"Maybe," Jan says. "Would you like to dance? I can down this if you like. Heaven knows Hank still needs some nudging to know what he's missing out on."
Tony blinks, slowly. "Huh."
Pushing and
But right now, like this, Steve isn't himself. He could be anyone. He could go down into that party and flirt with
and he was impaled on two long metal pipes that looked like they'd come loose from the walls from—had there been an explosion?
For other people. That aren’t in my—″ Iron Man had said. He must have been about to say
"What?" Tony said, gruffly.
, after never really having one he felt comfortable living in. But did Tony really deserve that, anyway?
"Your thighs," Steve admits.
And he would. As soon as his voice decided it wanted to work.
Steve beamed. "Good. I like you too. I'm not Santa, I don't let just
Unlike Steve, Tony was still trying to regain control of his body. Holy shit. He forced himself to count his breaths, inhaling for four, exhaling for eight. Holy shit holy shit holy
Tony shrugged. "All they needed was someone to boss them around. I'm good at that. It was getting so
Steve wants to lie, because it's so
Steve knows Tony now, better than he'll ever know anyone again. He probably shouldn't like the thought of that so much.
Steve frowned deeply. "Well, it's just—you were always so interested in me. As Iron Man. And I just—you're a billionaire, Tony. And a genius, the most intelligent person I've ever met. Shell-head being into me made more sense, we work so well together, and he was just—I thought you were just like me, a fellow warrior."
Tony just hums under his breath and pours more batter into the pink frying pan. It doesn't matter how much Tony dirties the pan; it's back in the cupboard and clean come morning.
Tony could feel his chest tightening. He felt dizzy and light-headed and off-kilter, like his foundations had subsided and the whole world was at a tilt.
– with a
and it was sweet agony, and Steve deserved—deserved
The music is soft, an easy rhythm to dance to. Steve's breath stutters as the dancers around them push them even closer together; Iron Man's breath is hot on Steve's shoulder, and Steve's moving a hand before he realizes, up and down Iron Man's back, and Iron Man's shuddering a breath that Steve can feel through his fingertips.
He was weary now. All he wanted was to lie down and let Steve kiss him and – no, no, that wasn't a good idea. It hadn't been a good idea at all. That's probably why Tony had been so swift to agree to keep their dating (god, that was
" he breathes.
, how was that
and fell through the floors? Would he keep falling through the Earth itself? Perhaps he would pop out the other side, in the Antarctic – Roxxon had taken over the Antarctic; maybe Tony could do some corporate espionage while he was busy being incorporeal.
"Don't be," Tony says, internally screaming. "It's fine."
Tony opened his mouth to make a retort, something along the lines of
Tony invisibly glowered at her. Considering his last
job, and interrupting that blissful, unreal kissing, but instead, he just felt warm, seeing them all work together to help him with the task. Yeah, maybe Tony had hoarded it to himself for too long.
"All the bugs squashed?" Steve asked, stepping back to gaze at the empty Christmas tree, his gaze narrowing like he could maybe spot one of Doom's nanotech creations with just his naked eye. If anyone could do it, Tony considered, it would probably be Steve Rogers.
Tony smiles automatically. That had been a nice surprise. "He told me."
"We're in mortal peril," Iron Man said. "It must be a Tuesday."
"I get it," Tony assured her. "I'm with you. Being away from Steve
Tony's heart was racing and he wanted to know if Steve was feeling it too. There was a light in Steve's eyes that said yeah, he felt it too.
"And they come bugged."
Tony looked at him directly in the eye, the first time since Steve had come into the house to see him back here. "Yeah, I did. But it's okay if you don't get why."
"Fine," Tony said. "I'm done. Let's go."
″You mean,″ Steve said slowly, ″that you built something into the armor to compensate for a collapsed lung
"What year?"
Iron Man squeezes Steve's shoulder reassuringly. "Well. We rescued you, there's no world war going on now. There's plenty of time to get you caught up on everything you've missed out on." Iron Man side-eyes him. "Anything we can get started on now? Help you tick something off that bucket list?"
should," Steve muttered, aggrieved that Tony was
This was desperation. It tasted sour. Tony’s lips were cold. Tony could die of hypothermia before either of them finished bleeding out. Steve’s eyes were stinging. This wasn’t the kiss he’d imagined. It was rough, sloppy, inexact. But it was real, and if Steve died right now, if no one found them, he might actually be okay with that.
Steve was riled up with it. Everyone was tense; the Dark Lord Thanos was gearing up to declare war, they said. Tony should be focused on
Tony found himself dragging his heels as he installed the last set of latches and it frustrated him. He never wanted to be in a place where he clearly
Steve startles, realizing the hand that guided his down isn't there to stop him. He flushes and moves his hand up to Iron Man's waist. Except then he realizes he'd distractedly groped Iron Man for longer than Iron Man had intended, and what if Iron Man needs to be rescued from Steve now, as much as Steve tried to rescue him from that lady to begin with?
Steve flinched at that and shook his head mutely, returning to sit by Tony's side.
Charms was Steve's best subject. His shield charm, everyone said, was nearly as good as
Apparently no one had personally heard from Steve before his big disappearing act.
"How about you book a meeting with Tony later to talk about materials," Steve says, cutting through the tension with his most level voice, "and we continue training now?"
"It's just—what you said to her." Steve gritted his teeth and looked into the distance, clenching and unclenching one hand. "That you were seeing someone."
be able to identify, outside the mask.
Steve's face did a strange wobble, and then his legs swayed under him a little too, but it was
"It's an invitation to a masquerade ball!" Jan shrieks. "Oh, gosh. Wow. I haven't been to one of Stark's Masquerade Balls in
Focusing on hypotheticals was a bad idea. Steve had to be present and mindful on the
The Avengers decided collectively to make their own separate ways to the event; Jan and Carol both thought it would be fun to meet up afterward to guess each other's costumes. Steve's costume is off the rack; he picked it up from
Oh. Happy wasn't about to suggest
″What is it?″
Tony waved his arms experimentally. "Hello?" No one responded. He had to say he actually wasn't even surprised. The lack of shock didn't stop him from staring down in dismay at his unconscious body and the blue lines crackling over it.
"Ho, ho, ho," Tony said, making Steve's smile widen.
Tony's voice had gone missing, but Steve's hadn't. Steve straightened his shoulders and stared at Tony.
Tony squinted over at Steve. "Mistletoe, yes or no?"
Steve helped him put the tinsel on the tree next, before they both started to hang the individual decorations. A lot of them needed retying, or needed ribbon looping through holes. There was always something soothing about trimming a Christmas tree; Tony loved this part of his holiday tradition. It was nice doing it with Steve too, though. Maybe he'd been doing it alone for far too long. Maybe he'd been selfish to hold onto it as a solo task for all these years.
Why couldn't Tony just be his damned friend still? Maybe…
"Yeah," Tony said viciously, and resumed walking, only to change his mind two paces later to pivot on his heel and glare at Steve. "What, did you think she'd assume I meant you?"
Tony beamed like it was a brilliant compliment. "I already moved the crates to one of the storage closets. Help me get them out?"
There was a hint of something in Steve's voice that sounded like dismay. "Yes," Tony said, drawing out the syllable, eyes sliding up to meet Steve's gaze in trepidation. Was Steve angry? An angry Steve was never a pleasant Steve to deal with. An angry Steve spelled weeks of slammed doors and passive aggression during fights and cold quips in the meeting room.
"Oh, it's fine," Iron Man says. "I had a lot of fun while I was there."
Well, that figured. There's no way Tony could have expected him to stay there forever. Still, it stung a little, that he was gone.
Steve had paced the full length of both the submarine and the mansion. He knew how big the third sub-basement could be. He also knew there was a slight chance that Iron Man was right; if anyone could stash a mini-hospital into a slither of real estate, it would be Tony Stark.
"So have you figured out what to get Pepper yet for Christmas?" Tony asked, mainly so he could settle back and just listen for a while. Talking fellow businessmen out of their cash was something Tony was good at, but even he tired of the sound of his own voice after a few hours of it.
″I think I'm starting to see the appeal,″ Steve admitted.
"What gave me away?" Tony squints up at him dubiously. "How could you tell I was Iron Man?"
"Well, okay, maybe there are some things we've never talked about that we should have," Steve took a noisy, long breath. "It's just, I knew there was a very good chance we were
"There's probably something wrong with you," Steve said.
"It's been two months. We can't stay static, not with the threats we have still out there. We have to proceed with the assumption that Stark will be out of commission for… the foreseeable future."
"How about I just show you so we can go back to training," Iron Man sighs.
dots but still doesn't—?" Happy started to mutter. Tony elbowed him. Happy yelped as Steve turned back around from the fridge. "Of course I drive Iron Man around as well as Mr. Stark," Happy said, a little too loudly.
thing I was is a Carol Danvers lecture about inter-team dating." He froze. "Uh—celebrating."
Steve was right. You couldn't raise a baby in Manhattan as an Avenger. Not with all the various supervillains running around and causing havoc. It would only be a matter of time until one of them tried to steal Sarah in order to control Steve, or manipulate him. And the power Steve and Tony had at their fingers… That would be dangerous. And if Tony had known Steve loved him, yeah, Tony could see it. He could easily see himself wanting to move to Maine, to be with Steve, to help raise his child.
"Look, I don't care," Tony lied. They both knew it was a lie, but Tony was getting weary of this whole thing. "You have good reasons, I guess. Whatever those reasons are. So I'm just going to finish this, and then I'm going to get out of your hair. Okay?"
to let me help."
Iron Man made a sharp noise of inhalation. "Probably."
"What the fucking good are you?" Tony snitted, folding his arms and leaning against the wall. He had to concentrate in order not to fall through it, which was making his brain make constant little shrieking noises, because what if he forgot to concentrate on
"We go on
The dance floor is crowded, so it's easy to get lost among all the other masked couples.
a surprise, or it meant that Iron Man’s thought processes
he knew. But Steve wasn’t sure he would let himself believe it unless he
Tony's body, which was an incredibly unpleasant experience indeed.
and that was unbearable, and nothing he was saying made any sort of sense.
"I'm sure Jan's easy to buy for," Steve said. "But is
"Cap," Tony greeted, glad that his voice was holding steady. Steve was wearing his full uniform. It was always a pleasant view. "It's nice to see you. I hope you've had a good holiday season. Do take a seat."
"Oh, no, no, the secret identity—that makes sense, especially with your public profile. We all agreed to it anyhow, it would be remiss of me to be upset about something I agreed about. It's just—" Steve finally managed to look Tony in the eye. "It's just—you kissed me back."
Tony let Steve struggle untangling the lights for five minutes before stepping in to rescue him; he tried to tell himself that it was because he was enjoying the equalization of their inadequacies, not because he was still rattled by imagining Steve might have wanted to kiss him.
It's taking place in the biggest ballroom Steve's ever seen. There's already what looks like nearly two hundred people milling around. There's a dance floor, a string quartet, a buffet table so loaded it's almost groaning, and an open bar in the corner. Over against the far wall is a long list of items up for blind auction; Steve stays away because his budget might be more than it's ever been, but even decades of back-pay don't come close to what some of the people in this room are worth.
"Oh."
"Thought I was someone else, huh?" Steve keeps his voice gentle. His cheeks flush as he remembers what else they've done out here.
"Seriously. C'mon, what's keeping my favorite Ghost Rider up in the small unsociable hours?"
Steve thinks about the way the Iron Man armor went soft. How Jan squeezed the arm that's pressed up against him, and how delighted she was to feel it. His throat feels a little dry. That isn't something he can suggest. He wonders how Iron Man would respond, if Steve
"Tony," Jan said, emerging from her bedroom, close to Steve's; her hair was a mess and she was wearing a big fluffy robe covered with pink hearts. She looked at his downcast face and looked instantly worried. "What's wrong."
"Maybe you should find out," Steve says. Was that too much? Should he take that back?
, and beautiful in every way that counted.
"God, this really better be a good deal to risk never seeing you again," Tony sighs, as he pulls away.
Wing-head."
Steve didn't sit in Tony's lap. Steve
"Not really," Robbie lied, and then sagged. "Sorry, yeah, obviously there's something in particular, it's 5am and I'm willingly awake."
Steve looked annoyed. "That's not what I meant."
it was."
"76% of Roxx TV viewers do," Steve pointed out.
Steve lies back down on the bed and puts a pillow over his face, even though that doesn't help. He's come close to trying something like it. Day 159 is a day they'll never talk about again.
Tony to kiss him, and Tony felt warmth rush through him. He wasn't in a closet; he was standing on a precipice, wasn't he?
"That's what I was trying to do before you came in and distracted me," Tony said.
how to cast
Scientists just like Tony Stark had been the ones to turn Steve from a brittle, lanky beanpole into a form Steve barely recognized when he looked in the mirror every morning. He was grateful for the transformation—often overwhelmed by the gift of it—but whenever he got dressed, and had to tug clothing over the unfamiliar bulges of muscle, he felt like he was dressing a stranger.
Tony pulled back and took a deep breath to suggest that maybe two weeks
"I know."
Tony's eyebrows shoot up. "I suppose it does. I wish there was an easier way to find him. I've thought about checking the security footage, trying to track down the costume, but that's—that's really invasive. And he was obviously really private. Ugh. I just gotta chalk it down to another regret in life, I guess." Tony sighs.
"I'll hold the door open," Tony said rapidly, and side-stepped fully out of Steve's way toward the door. He had to move fast, lest he take his wishful thinking and run with it. It had to just be fanciful daydreaming kicking in, because as he pushed the door open with one heel, he
enough to be Steve. Tony took a deep breath, mentally rehearsing again his brief speech. Whatever it was, Tony could help Steve, he was sure.
He should have the muscle memory for it down already; he'd been playing a version of this character for nearly a decade and a half now.
Tony stared at him and mouthed
that the Mandarin was paste and
feel sick—at least, that’s what the last amendment of the dictionary said. They’re always flipping that damn definition.”
Iron Man smiles and wow, Steve shivers just from seeing it. Even with the mask, Steve can tell he's ridiculously handsome. The idea of someone being this attractive and voluntarily covering themselves up all day is actually a little baffling; Steve would wonder whether he had the right person, except those thigh muscles are really distinctive.
"That's you and me
For other people. That aren’t in my—well—that’s another matter, that’s a different kind of care anyway, I’m
"Still nothing," Steve replied. Although Tony was pretty sure
There's a quiet knock on his bedroom door and Steve makes a noise, soft, like he's been wounded, when he opens it to see Tony. Tony's in a bright red t-shirt, blue sweatpants, a riot of color, and his breath smells like mint when he flings himself at Steve; when Steve slides his fingers into Tony's hair, it's wet and silky. Tony's clothes are different and he's cleaner and they're in a different environment now, but as Tony presses their mouths together, Steve realizes that's the only change. Their kissing is exactly the same as it was in the room, questions and answers:
"Jacked?" The modulator seems to filter out most of Iron Man's tones, but even in that short word, Iron Man sounds baffled.
It was fine if it
There was lighting in the closet, dimmer than the fluorescent floodlights of the main spaces in the Mountain, but bright enough for Tony to see the expression on Steve's face. He seemed fractious, somehow. Edgy, like there was another sentence trapped in his mouth that might gut him open again, a syllable with edges sharper than any blade.
Steve sits by the door and turns dials, and Tony makes him a plate of pancakes, sitting cross-legged next to him, hand-feeding him bites of the traditional day-off breakfast food. Tony's grin is wicked; Steve doesn't understand until he gets the second pancake and a burst of strawberry flavor hits his taste buds. Tony's expression turns swiftly innocent. Steve rolls his eyes fondly and keeps turning dials; he doesn't need instant gratification. Steve pliantly finishes eating the pancakes Tony feeds him, continuing the methodical clicking of dials, and Tony pushes Steve's shirt aside just to press a warm kiss against his shoulder.
He thought about all the charms and curses he'd been dodging all week, designed to push him into weird parts of the school. Steve had blamed Tony. Tony had protested his innocence. Tony had been right all along.
Tony lets Steve support his whole weight and there aren't enough words to describe how much Steve likes that. How did Steve ever convince himself he could give this up? His fingers tighten with his resolve.
Steve has to blink and blink again as cold air spirals down, as a dark sky is revealed by the large gap that's been opened in the roof. Steve's kneeling by the puzzle door; Tony's still washing dishes at the sink.
"Yeah, Carol might not be too impressed," Tony narrowed his eyes at the mistletoe. "That probably shouldn't make me more inclined to hang it."
Steve deliberately ignored him. "And your heart rate is up in the 120s."
He thought he heard something in the distance.
Tony's not wearing a costume either, just a well-tailored suit. Those thighs are subtly hidden under smooth dark fabric, but Steve knows they're there,
Steve squinted. "How did you—?"
considering my advice? Are you feeling all right? Is it anything I can help with?"
Tony didn't believe it for a long moment. He ran up the stairs two at a time, too impatient to wait for the elevator, knocking so furiously on Steve's door that he woke up Clint; Clint didn't even leave time for Tony to explain, merely mumbled under his breath before flipping Tony the bird and disappearing back into his room. Tony scowled and punched in his skeleton key code into the panel locking Steve's room and he hurtled in, eyes wide as he took in everything in front of him.
"You could tell who Gamelin was, even with the mask?" Steve asks, because he's curious whether he's so transparent.
"There might be one thing I want." Steve's voice was strained, like he was aiming to talk normally too and failing. Tony watched him attentively. This moment was a bit weird, and he felt strung out, but if he could walk away from it with a clue for the Secret Santa, maybe that could be a good thing? "I just don't know how to ask for it."
"Yes, it has," Steve said, and, beneath his cowl, he blushed a little.
Steve crosses to the bench where he put the envelope down. Inside it are six smaller envelopes made of a shimmery, silvery paper that glimmers under the artificial light of the training room and on the front are their names in fancy calligraphy.
"We've been trying to get you alone," Sharon said. Her voice seemed odd, stilted; her eyes seemed a little glassy. She tilted her head sharply. "You're trouble, Steven Rogers."
"Four minutes," Steve repeated. He paused. "I'll go get us something hot to drink."
"Some people just don't have their brains connected to their mouths," Iron Man sighs. He glances over Steve's shoulder then back at Steve. "Speaking of, I know it's a dire request, but you wouldn't mind being my hero one more time, would you?"
Steve pushed him against the shelves and it hurt, it
"Ha, ha, you're hilarious. Nah, it's nothing." Tony waves a hand casually, like he's trying to affirm it's no big deal, but he stares intently into space, like something really is bothering me.
″When you're feeling better,″ Steve started.
This disappearing thing was starting to get really disconcerting.
the one who decided to start out our interactions declaring me his arch-nemesis." Tony paused as he finished untangling the lights. "Or should that have been
He would never be able to forget this moment. He would never be able to be anyone else's. Tony had pushed aside his feelings for Steve for so long, but he couldn't hold them back now. Couldn't think of anything else. Steve was here, kissing him. Steve, for some reason, inexplicably seemed to
you," Steve said. "I tried to go to a fabric store, but—I had no idea what I was looking for. And she—"
It was amazing. Tony was a genius. Steve had shocked him a few times. And this time, Tony was going to shock
many—but all the facts that had jammed together were making a part of Steve’s brain start to scream inside his skull because if Tony was Iron Man, if Tony had been Iron Man all along, with his heart troubles—oh, god, his
"No," Steve said, loudly. When Tony glanced at him in surprise, there was a red spot high on both of his cheeks, and Steve's hands were half-curling into fists, and Steve was frowning, but that frown turned into a gentle smile as Steve's large hand cupped Tony's cheek. "No," he repeated, softly. "No more hiding."
Cowboy, Steve thought idly, squinting at the man.
last minute, and then he fairly fled from the Mansion.
Despite Steve's careful counting, time
would want—?"
"I'm okay that it's you. It's kind of weird that you know now. Might take me a while to adjust." Tony nodded. "But you're worth it. I kind of like it." Another rush of that attempt at bravery struck him. "I like you."
"Is there nothing you want?" Tony tried not to sound too desperate.
"Sure," Steve said, his voice low and easy.
Tony wakes for the waffles. Wakes like he hasn't just checked out for over a month. He eats the ones Steve makes for him in a (pink, always pink) waffle maker and then kneels next to Steve by the door once he's done, asking briefly what number they're up to.
Iron Man
in the room.
Steve's raised voice had woken Sarah. Steve's expression turned sour. "Great. Now look at what you've done. You've woken her up."
“Yes,” Tony said, and quieter, “
It was Civil War in the Gryffindor home room.
"Jarvis," Iron Man says. He steps away from Steve and his mouth twitches slightly when Steve has to hurriedly turn and face the garden, still affected by their moment.
is here?"
Steve stared at him, his own heart rate lurching upward in pace, more out of stress than from his own substantial injury. "He’s your
Steve sounded
laugh, which was pretty decent of him.
Tony's heart won out. And the words that came out of his mouth were gentle and open and vulnerable.
Steve's beard was longer; Tony must have blinked again.
formed into a pretty phoenix that flew around the ceiling before dispersing into a dramatic shower of sparks. Steve knew the wand gesture off by heart, he
Tony managed to exit the enticing whirlpool of internal regrets threatening to overwhelm him in time for Steve to get close enough to hand over one of the mugs; their fingers grazed as Steve passed one to him. Tony's fingertips felt the spark and ignited him with it; he clenched the mug too-tightly in compensation, to help him focus on remembering how to stand and smile and act like a regular human. A character to comfortably assume, so Steve couldn't peer too closely and realize Tony was performing the role of a lifetime: aka,
Steve is vaguely aware that he's wandered away from Vision mid-sentence. Oh, well. He'll apologize later. This is more important. Because Tony's out there, on the balcony Steve has terribly been thinking of as
maintain the surprise, if you go to bed now. Then you can still be surprised by how I decorate it this year."
Tony sighed and opened his eyes again, just a little. “It doesn’t know it’s glue.”
Tony pulled a wry face. "Not really. We weren't anything
" Carol shrugged. "It's the essence of who he is."
amount of in love with him. Maybe there's no way he
By the time Tony was at the top of the tree, balancing on a folding ladder to reach the crown, Steve was walking back through the door with two mugs balanced easily in his hands, striding forward like the idea of spilling the contents was an impossibility. It couldn't have been Steve's intention to make Tony feel suddenly awkward, like all his limbs were the wrong length and walking was as difficult as skating on ice, but just one glimpse of Steve's easy grace always managed to evoke the sensation anyway.
Steve stared up at Iron Man wordlessly for a moment. His blood pressure should still be high for now from all that vasoconstriction, his body trying to squeeze shut some blood vessels, to clamp off the bleeding from within. He had to keep Iron Man calm. That was the best thing to do in this situation. Talking might be a good distraction. Talking also kind of hurt, but that didn’t matter; Steve would do anything for Iron Man, any time.
"Can I touch it?" Jan asks, stepping forward almost like she can't help herself before freezing, wincing at Iron Man apologetically.
″I suppose so.″
"Sweet of you to offer, Cap. I didn't mean that kind of bug." Tony waved the small device in his hand in Steve's direction for a moment.
“—you're looking at me like I'm insane.″
"That’s it," Tony said.
Between the continuous villain attacks, Pepper's aggressive diary-management, Janet van Dyne's planned public appearances for the Avengers, Tony's own annual holiday appointments, and various things going wrong at
He did not start yelling.
Iron Man was suspended above him. Sheltering Steve.
one. No, it's the recycled air units. They keep the temperature in here too damn cold.″
"No," Tony whispered, in giddy disbelief. There was no way he could misinterpret Steve's actions at all.
"Very funny," Steve said dryly, rising from Tony's lap. Tony stayed seated, intensely glad the Santa suit was very baggy.
Then again, maybe Steve doesn't always make the best decisions on his own, so maybe Jarvis has a point.
Iron Man's ridiculously attractive thighs.
To make Steve's failure worse, the flirting he hated was even
"Shoot, I have to go," Tony says, looking up from where his identicard is clutched in one hand. To his credit, he doesn't even try to explain why he has to go. He looks at Steve, truly apologetic. "I'm so sorry. Can I see you again?"
Sex in the evening is less common. Usually they fall asleep kissing, nowadays. It's just another language they speak, one someone watching (is someone watching? They don't know, they never know) wouldn't be able to decipher. When Steve kisses Tony, sometimes it's
″In vulnerable matters, however,″ Tony said, in a softer voice, carefully not looking Steve in the eye, ″bravery isn't my forte. However good my intentions have been, there hasn't been as much a need of carrying on the charade for
The last four days had been ridiculous. They'd all had to split up to fight myriad villains who didn't understand that the spirit of the season was supposed to be about giving gifts, not pipe-bombs. The Avengers ended up missing Christmas entirely, swapping their Secret Santa gifts belatedly. Tony had gotten a large supply of coffee from Thor. He'd been stereotyped by the Norse god powerhouse. He loved it.
"Oh, there you are," Steve says, moving to stand between them. He turns to smile at who he is 99% sure is Iron Man, and the last 1% of certainty slides into place when he sees the bright blue eyes peering at him through a mask made of black leather and peacock feathers. "Finding someone in a sea of masks is quite the ordeal."
But Tony hadn't
“Noted. I’m just glad you’re still coherent enough to make an argument out of it. I should probably count that as a good thing."
Steve stretches languidly. "I'll get the pancake mix out for you."
"Is the mechanism damaged?"
"A name, a face, an identity—it changes things. It always changes things. Things like that—come with a reputation. With
"I may have something. You might be able to reach it. But—" Iron Man made a disgruntled noise again. "You’d have to know who I am."
Tony returns to helping him the next day, like day 124 hadn't even happened.
saying it. Of course he did. Why would he want to admit something so
Tony doesn't move. Steve puts a hesitant hand on Tony's shoulder. Tony flinches. Steve withdraws his hand and stares at it for a long moment. He can see the curve of Tony's back through the Vs of his fingers.
Tony's smile ratcheted up into a grin. "I think I can give you a hand with that."
The Avengers collectively won't shut up about how amazing the ball was and how much fun they had. Steve hadn't realized the team had been missing that element so badly from their lives, but it's not difficult to notice that the event has brought them closer together. Their drills are going more smoothly, their training has been re-invigorated. Steve is already penciling more ideas for social events they can do together in his head, although the secret identities make things awkward. He makes a mental note to add it to the next agenda.
"We should talk," Tony said, quietly, knowing everyone hated words like that.
This was not how he ever imagined ever kissing Iron Man before. He had pictured it. The details of Iron Man’s face had always escaped his imagination, but Steve had still managed to think about it, over and over. It would happen in a battle, he’d thought, both of them so full of jubilation and success that Iron Man would lift his faceplate and they’d just stare at each other, adrenaline coursing through their veins, and Steve would get to see those familiar blue eyes up close and personal as they kissed in celebration.
Tony raised his eyebrows. Steve was pretty damn smart, and especially – almost preternaturally – good at guessing what Tony was going to do next. But he hadn't seen
The party is just as lavish as Steve was expecting. He's learned to expect Disney-movie levels of glamor when it comes to Tony Stark, especially anything that involves his mother's name. Tony doesn't skimp when it comes to helping support the work of the Maria Stark Foundation. His dedication is awe-inspiring.
you get me a cheeseboard for Christmas? I just—it didn't make sense. I wondered if I was missing a joke."
If it hadn't been the logs that required passwords that couldn't be faked, and camera footage from several directions of Steve voluntarily leaving the tower with two big bags, with no one forcing him out at gunpoint, Tony was sure people would believe him that something must have happened.
Strange drew up to him. "Keep him as he is. Continue monitoring him. Inform me if there are any changes. I have to scan for magical energies where the hit occurred, see if there's an answer there."
Tony froze. He was usually so careful about not letting any of his feelings for Steve slip, but maybe he hadn't been as careful as he should, maybe Happy would suggest that—
"And for the Avengers? Iron Man would be giving gifts—you can't delegate that to my wife."
Steve found himself nodding numbly, shocked by the magic that he'd unleashed, that his anger could have done this, manifested into something that
, he likes it a lot more than he can put into words, more than he can explain
"I am." Tony’s mouth quirked to one side and he winced.
something amazing. It was such a big thought that Tony, for the briefest moment, almost wanted to run, rather than strip himself open, rather than be so vulnerable to another person. But then he remembered Steve in the kitchen, bravely taking that first move, and that's something Tony needed to learn too. He needed to learn to be as brave as Steve.
Okoye shrugged. "No change."
Tony's throat was dry.
," Steve said and pulled their entwined hands upward so he could press a kiss against Tony's knuckles. "You gave me
trying to figure out who was yanking strings behind the scenes, and aching in guilt for not being able to save Friday.
Tony stared at Steve, suddenly hateful. "You… couldn't tell me you'd been bequeathed an entire child, because you knew that I was in
And you kissed
Steve, cradling Sarah to his chest, just nodded, his expression a little hollow.
"Thor and Jen and Robbie are taking care of those elvish bastards," Carol interrupted him quickly. "Don't worry about that."
"I can't," Tony says.
"Listen—" Iron Man starts, and then there's a loud coughing noise behind them and Steve freezes, in absolute mortification. It's almost like cold water's been thrown over them, except not enough, because Steve immediately realizes how compromising they look. It's worse when Steve lifts his heated, embarrassed gaze to realize it's Jarvis standing at the open door.
"So why the new suit?" Steve tilted his head, considering. "Should we be calling you Jingle-Bell Head now?"
"Ooh," Jan's attention snaps back to the room and away from her mental costume designing. "Yeah, you should. That would be so much fun. You could actually dance with us and not have to worry about crushing our feet under your iron boots."
It was good – Tony couldn't deny that – it was
"Uh," Steve said, helpfully. "Is it a good idea?"
They managed to keep damage to a minimum, a fact Strange didn't agree with when he dropped by to pick up the unconscious Dark Elves; he disappeared with them in a flourish of showy magic, promising to dropkick them through one of his portals back to where they came from.
"Whoops, my bad," Jan says, not sounding sorry at all.
and thought it was okay not to leave even a brief goodbye note. That fact had vastly rocked Tony's foundations.
"Hmm," Jan says. "I kind of want to talk about this now. Don't you feel like it's important we know more about our own colleagues? What if Iron Man's armor got de-polarized during a battle?"
Steve's so stunned he doesn't even react when Tony tugs him into another of those dizzying kisses. Steve kisses back, stupefied by how good he feels, even over his spinning head.
"Ah, thank goodness you found me," Iron Man says. There's not much of Iron Man's face exposed under his elaborate mask, but there's enough for Steve to clock a smile under Iron Man's mustache and wow, facial hair, that was something Steve hadn't considered. Maybe Tony Stark made his employees groom like he did. Maybe Iron Man was hired as his bodyguard because at a distance he might resemble Tony Stark enough to distract bad guys. There are so many things Steve wants to know. "Please excuse me, ma'am. I have a prior engagement."
If the ensuing kiss had felt like
Steve didn't sound as mad at him as Tony had expected he might.
not to bug the tree. An insult to our intelligence."
the out.
"I just—that magic—whatever hit him—I could tell it was bad," Steve shook his head, his eyes still glued to Tony.
hated magic and Strange was the closest thing to a personification of magic that Tony knew), but there was no reaction from any of them.
Their love was real, and it was strong, and it meant damn-all in the face of Steve's baby.
"It's morning," Steve sighs, wiping his mouth and reaching for a cloth to wipe up the mess.
And, as Tony leans up and kisses him again, Steve smiles into it. It is a fight, and Steve is
Iron Man’s words were a hot blade, digging through Steve’s rib cage and suffusing him with heat.
Robbie pressed his mouth into a line, like he didn't agree. "If you say so."
Steve. Tony could run back to his car and drive back to New York overnight and no one would ever know he'd failed. No one would ever believe a random nobody in Maine who said Tony Stark had briefly appeared on their doorstep for ten seconds.
″Not unwanted,″ Tony said, sharply interrupting, and Steve's chest went tight again. Tony's eyes were dark and intently fixed on Steve now, staring at him like he was a complicated piece of machinery Tony couldn’t figure out how to fix. ″I just thought you'd...change your mind. Knowing who was under the armor.″
" Steve said again, and there were sentences in that utterance, there were paragraphs, there was a whole damn
Not even by Steve.
"But I do it, over and over again," Steve sighed, shaking his head. "I don't just
"I don’t want to have learned your name only after your
easy to buy for?" Steve waggled his eyebrows.
Tony lurched up quickly, because he knew that voice, and knew it well. "Steve," he called out, instantly cursing that his voice sounded a little strangled. "Hi."
Bravery was contagious and tasted like black coffee.
Steve be running from? Tony's mind was working at hyper speed as he made the seven-hour drive. Was he running from the Maggia? Had he gotten into a gambling debt? Was he—was he
"You can go," Thor said, softly. "I promised the Captain I would stand guard. I can do that alone."
"Thanks, Pepper," Tony said. Maybe his voice was squeaking. She did shoot him an odd look before retreating from the office and closing the door.
a leap."
Iron Man tilts his mask. "Uh, the gold parts? Well, the material molds to the wearer before the polarization process, that's all. It's not sculpted, it's form-fitting?"
"You're not too bad yourself," Iron Man says, and Steve swallows, because maybe that means he should apologize, except then Iron Man sweeps in, confidence in his speed; he wraps a hand around Steve's waist, tugs him to him, puts his other hand on Steve's cheek, and pulls him into a kiss.
"Are you
She handed him a business card before turning on her heel and scurrying away with her colleagues. Tony carefully slid the card into his armor, into the panel he built in for occasions like this one. Sometimes he threw them away, if they weren't watching, but he appreciated that she left so he didn't have to do an awkward shuffle to excuse himself from the situation.
what I
Then Tony took in the new scene in front of him and he made an involuntary noise, like something had wounded him, even though he felt nothing like this. Hunger, fatigue, desire,
good. Kissing Steve continued to feel nothing short of
Steve laughed.
"Do I have to order you to leave this room, Steve?" T'Challa asked from the doorway, a deceptively light tone to his voice. Tony had heard T'Challa use that tone several times before; usually right before he competently brought a villain sobbing to their knees in seconds.
“With all that technology in your suit, couldn’t you have at least installed a painkiller?” Steve asked, somewhat crossly.
″It's ugly as sin?″
"Let me, I've had practice," Tony suppressed a smirk, taking over the task as Steve apologetically stepped aside. "Barton somehow figured out I was pretty good with wires. Do you know how many times he summoned me over to his apartment to untangle his entertainment system?"
"Tony and I were seeing each other," Steve said.
It all went finally and very wrong during a Charms lesson. Steve was on edge, mostly because he'd spent all day avoiding the sneaky little attacks Tony had perpetually taken to launching at him in-between lessons, designed to knock him off course, or into abandoned classrooms; Steve had managed to fight each one off, and, even worse, Tony denied being the perpetrator, which was ridiculous – since Steve had yelled about the Sorting Hat trying to place Tony in Slytherin, Tony had started to be a loner again, like he had for the first few days of First Year; skulking around on the outskirts, everyone eyeballing him distrustfully. Tony didn't have any allies left; he had to be the one trying to send those annoying curses at him. Besides, everyone knew the Starks didn't just break curses, but they made them too. It had to be Tony.
But it was his turn. It was Tony's turn to be brave. He was moving before he'd even fully processed that thought.
"Please," Steve breathed, his voice cracking. "Please.
Tony puts the mug down and straightens up in his seat. He shifts so he's looking directly at Steve with a look of focused intent. "Do you promise not to laugh at me?"
There was a beep at his console; someone else demanding entrance to his lab. So that was why Steve had pulled back; he must have heard them approaching. Tony pressed the command to let them in and he smiled warily over to Thor.
"Stay right there," Tony said, starting to rise, "I'll go down to—"
"It's safer if I go now," Steve twisted, pressing a soft kiss against Tony's mouth before he got up, pulled his pants and t-shirt back on, and left Tony's room.
No, that won't do it.
Pancakes. Tony makes pancakes on the days he takes "off" from turning safe dials. Sisyphus pushing boulders; Steve's knuckles twisting numbers.
″Show me a twenty-foot creature, shove me in a high-tech tin can, and I'll hurl myself at it,″ Tony said. ″One could argue that's not exactly
But Steve had said it. Two words that had crushed any hope Tony had that their relationship could ever be more than stolen kisses and nights spent together in secret:
"Sort of," Tony mumbles.
Iron Man claps an arm around Steve's shoulder as they watch the others leave. "It's nice that they're excited. How about you? You like this sort of thing?"
Steve's dizzy and his head is pounding. This is almost
"I'm taking the day off," Tony announces, after a leisurely blowjob that has Steve seeing stars. Steve nods mutely.
Steve wasn't sure how it had escalated so quickly to all-out war, but he supposed he should have expected it: Tony didn't know how to do
Steve's name too, in tattered scraps of noise that fell from his throat like a desperate prayer to a god Tony didn't believe in.
Steve's eyes are locked on Iron Man's kiss-swollen lips. "Huh?"
"I guess you're not as dumb as me and you actually know who you—" Tony frowns, failing at finding an end to that sentence he's happy with. Steve can empathize. Words are difficult. "Anyway, is that going somewhere?"
I'm real."
They talk about the nature of time, Tony explaining quantum mechanics with frantic hand gestures to emphasize the difficult parts. Steve thinks he's picking up on the science of it, a little. They're not aging—Tony's sure of it, he admits to Steve that he has to dye his hair now, every four weeks, because too much gray is showing, and there's a tabloid that keeps saying he's copying Reed Richards when he lets his hair go too white. But Tony's hair hasn't changed, the whole time they're there. A burn of Tony's disappears by morning. Steve cuts a chunk of his hair off, and it's back again come morning. Steve wonders for a moment whether one of them dying would be reversible, but he's too scared to try that more than—
"You said the last time you were with him that you argued," Carol said. She was leaning against Steve, a chair drawn up to sit alongside him; there were various boxes of takeout on a fold-away table next to them. Tony was glad she was there to help Steve, even if Carol being near his comatose body was still a very noisy personal Do Not Want.
Robbie stepped closer, opening his mouth to say something, but Tony must have blinked again, because Robbie disappeared. That was weird,
Tony had let himself have that flicker of hope, like a complete moron.
Steve had packed enough wounds in the war to know that, but it was good that Tony was prepared.
"Uh," Steve said. "Where am I?"
Tony couldn't even hate Steve for it, because it was self-sacrificing, and noble, and pretty damn heroic.
had enough of being invisible for one lifetime."
"I'm just saying," Tony said. He could hear the mulishness in his own tone, but he hadn't been able to erase it in time. There was something about Steve that had him permanently off-kilter. Still, it was the best move, and Tony
Steve pretended Tony’s voice wasn’t quiet and crackling. He wasn’t doing a good job of that. “I’m not opposed to
your day job."
Steve mills through the crowd, trying to see if he can find any of the Avengers. He finds McCoy at the bar easily, because he's wearing a highway man's coat and hat and little else, his blue fur distinctive and impossible to disguise. Vision is over by the string quartet, avidly watching them. He thinks he can see the distinctive hunch of someone with Sam's shoulders near the end of the buffet with the cakes, but he'd have to be closer to be sure.
causing trouble beyond the grave. Chasing down four or five with Steve at his side? Child's play. Exhausting, body-wearying child's play.
Steve's mouth tightened at the edges. "What are you even doing?"
"What?" Tony prompted.
in Brooklyn Heights, along with a mask covered in red and gold feathers that reminded him of Iron Man so much that he couldn't resist. The mask ties firmly onto his head with multiple straps; it would take a lot of work to remove it.
"I can’t say I’m a fan," Iron Man said, weakly.
Not even Tony.
troubles—
Steve's eyes were wild and close. His breathing was ragged, disproportionate to the amount of exertion for a single kiss. Tony stared back at him, just as startled, just as
of meaning, and Tony was moving again, less bravery, more need. He
"Comms are out," Iron Man sighed. "Sorry."
much of a surprise, that Tony would want to kiss him?
any more of my help, but I've been scanning my last set of data, there's a lag in his right-flank servos I wanna work out. If I can figure out the problem, I'm hoping he'll see sense and let me re-install them."
I do the same things, over and over again, expecting different results – that's the definition of idiocy, isn't it? You deserve – you deserve
"So you don't think my ass is nice?"
"Glad you approve," Tony muttered back, before licking into Steve's mouth and trying not to delight at the muted noises Steve was making. "The others are just outside."
Tony's worried that while they're repeating, the world outside is changing. The Avengers must have given up on finding them now.
Tony coughed awkwardly. "Yeah, he'll meet you up there."
expression, although Steve's fists weren't clenched in anticipation of an actual fight. "Is there a problem?"
of you should have been in Slytherin."
There were plenty of these storage nooks that T'Challa's architects had ended up building into the mountain, but the Celestial's inners weren't exactly uniform; the Wakandans had done their best with the shapes they'd been forced to work in. The little closets fulfilled their purpose, but they probably weren't designed to store two bulky superheroes in at once. There wasn't all that much room to swap places, but it hadn't occurred to Steve to step outside the closet itself to make the switch. It hadn't occurred to either of them. The problem of it being such a small space hadn't quite yet become apparent; they'd alternated getting the crates out, until Tony started to struggle with the last one, and Steve entered to see what was taking him so long.
Especially when Steve had options. Tony was furious, all of a sudden. There was no way Steve should be doing this alone. Sure, he might have no living blood relatives left, but he had family. He had the
Tony hadn't been kissed to within an inch of his existence by Steve Rogers. The poor bastard, Tony thought giddily; what a listless, unfulfilled life he'd been living.
he was a mystery, although that makes Steve feel weird, because it turns out he never missed out on all that much not knowing Iron Man's real name until these past few weeks. It's probably because…is it really a surprise? A masked man who is good and strong and kind, removes their mask to reveal that the person behind it is good and strong and kind? What would Tony think, if Steve took his mask off? Would he think the same? Or would he be horribly disappointed? Maybe it's only the fantasy Tony liked.
"You two are supposed to be on the same side, y'know."
If anyone could help anchor Tony to reality, it would be her.
You were brave and you kissed me first when I couldn't even do that much. If you knew how many times I
Definitions thumped through Tony's brain and then disappeared. Steve was close, and they were staring at each other, and Tony's skin was static electricity; Tony's body was genetically manufactured perfection, so why did it suddenly feel like his old chestplate was clamping down on him, digging spikes into his heart?
identity, could he begrudge Steve one night of a similar lie? Yeah, Steve thinks. The chance for this working out might not be a solid century, but it's more of a
He did fall, and land hard, but it wasn't on stone. Steve was a wash of pain; he felt at his chest, awkwardly realizing he did at least still have his wand. Why hadn't he used
But bravery had a short fuse until it burned out and Tony pulled back from the kiss, eyes wide, an apology ready to fall from his lips. It stuck in his throat at the look on Steve's face.
unfavorably to Tony's secret, Tony was pretty sure about that. Nothing he could think of. And then, once the shock had faded, maybe there could be some more kissing… His eyes glazed over a second. Pepper coughed indelicately and Tony cleared his throat, gripped his pen more tightly, and forced himself to concentrate. He quickly signed his name in the marked boxes.
it, but his brain is a mess of words.
"I plan to," Tony said, glibly, pressing forwards for another of those glorious kisses that had landed him in this mess to start with. He pulled away after another with a sigh. "We should probably find somewhere a little more private for this."
freaking hated magic.
"I'd be honored," Steve says, a little of the repressed grin seeping through.
"You're doing it yourself this year?"
"Speaking of Mr. Stark," Steve says, because training seems to have been completely derailed, "he sent something down for us this morning. I was saving it for the end of the training session, but I guess we're accidentally there."
Tony had just broken up with him anyway, even if a relationship implied shower-perving consent in the first place (he was pretty sure it didn't), so he was already slowing down before he realized Steve wasn't even in the showers.
"No."
can't fly," Steve said.
Steve could see how badly Iron Man was injured. How?
They weren’t getting away, not this time. Not with Clint and Simon in the staircase, and Wanda and Vision coming from the top, and Steve and Iron Man sweeping up from the ground. They
Oh. Steve was being rude.
Iron Man's bright blue eyes quickly look him up and down.
"Later," Steve said, a single word that seemed laden with promise; it was a word that stopped that shrinking sensation in its tracks. Steve slid sideways gracefully, and pushed out into the room, Tony moving back so he wouldn't be so visible.
Steve wakes up late on day 303 to the smell of pancakes. He sits up in the (one) bed groggily. The room's reset again. Same bed, same pink coverlet, same dusky-rose sofa in the corner, same Formica dining table and chairs, same pink-painted walls, same pink analog clock, same pink curtains (no windows, just more wall), same pink kitchen appliances, same pink kitchen counters. The bathroom door is ajar. That looks the same too. Nothing changes.
The thing was, Tony's heart had been literally ripped to shreds and patched so badly back together that he'd been in pain with it for years. He knew what that felt like. And he thought he'd even known heartbreak before. Tony had run the full gamut of women breaking his heart: he'd been cheated on; used for his connections and money; unceremoniously dumped in favor of another; abandoned and left to die; kidnapped and tortured…
He was overthinking it. That was all.
Except, oh, maybe that was a tactical error, because Steve's eyes widened a little. "Now
"I'm okay," Steve murmured. His eyes were glued to Tony's body. Probably beating himself up that he hadn't managed to save Tony; he did have a pretty big hero's complex like that. Tony probably couldn't judge, he was often the same. It was easy to beat yourself up for your failures. And Tony had more failures on his record than most.
Steve's voice was a whisper now. "You're real."
cheeks (Tony really
Happy's question startled Tony out of his thoughts.
Steve swallows the swear word that nearly slips out because it's one thing internalizing all the wonderful things that happened and holding on to Tony's secret identity, but it's another thing entirely hearing parts of what happened from someone else. He keeps his face averted from the others, keeping up his punching, and tries to pretend he's not shamelessly hanging off Iron Man's every word.
In Steve's defense, he means to stick to the plan.
"That placement has to be Stark's
There's a queue through the lobby of guests waiting to have their invitations checked. As Steve joins the line, his gaze catches on a bank of mirrors lining one of the walls; Steve almost doesn't recognize the person looking back at him. Steve doesn't look like himself. Something about the cut of the fabric makes his waist looks smaller, his shoulders broader. He feels like someone else. Honestly, he feels a little dangerous. Would any of the Avengers recognize him like this? He barely recognizes himself.
Steve blushes a little under his mask. "I just mean, maybe you'd know more about him than I do."
was a beautiful word. "But?" he repeated, hope making his own pain recede a little into the background.
"Thanks," Tony said. "It's nice to be alive."
on that impulse, and he's never felt brave enough to take that step. Except… right now… he almost feels like he might be able to.
"I'm okay," Iron Man said. Wheezed, maybe, from the rush of white noise that came with those two words.
"Ridiculously," Iron Man says. "And I'm, like, half in love already, I swear."
"I did," Tony said, easily crossing the floor and pulling himself up to the ropes, to join Steve in the boxing ring because Steve seemed incapable of leaving it; Steve rallied a moment too late, at least managing to grab Tony's arms when his landing was a little awkward. "I thought you might mean that. I'm sorry."
, rumors we knew were bullshit, but it's never bothered you before?"
Tony grinned down at Sarah. "Guess I managed to baby-proof everything but myself," he admitted.
and Steve thrills at the idea of it.
"It's heavy," Tony added.
for this particular conversation.
"I just—I don't think I like the idea of you doing this alone, in the small hours of the night, year-in, year-out." Steve put his mug down and squared his shoulders. "Now the cat's out of the bag, you
The clerk helpfully advised him to shave off his beard as he rang up Tony's purchases if he wanted to avoid the unwanted comparison.
where he couldn't touch anything. Tony wanted to touch Steve so badly right now. Not even for one of those ridiculously good kisses; just to hold him. To be the one to anchor
"There's something else you could give him," Happy said.
They fuck across the spectrum of lovemaking: warm and tender on days when they feel like they're making progress; aggressive and hard on days when one of them feels hopeless and trapped. Steve spends an hour one day just pinning Tony with his thighs and jerking off against his stomach, thrilling at the feel of Tony's eyes, dark and locked on his the whole time. Tony doesn't even clean off Steve's cum; just slips his shirt back on and wanders around their tiny room stinking of Steve's arousal all day; Steve ends up tackling him to the bed earlier than usual, rutting into Tony like he'll die if he doesn't.
got her name?" Jan asks, beaming more widely at his obvious and open annoyance.
"Couldn't sleep," Robbie sighed.
Steve gives into temptation and thumps his face into the punching bag. It doesn't even make himself feel any better, it just makes the Avengers laugh. He doesn't know why he's still so impossibly fond of them all, he really doesn't.
Iron Man made a disgruntled noise again, accompanied by a choking noise that made Steve feel colder. That was never his favorite sensation in life.
"I needed another baseline reading from Tony's body," Strange said, slowly. "I promise you, all my resources are focused on figuring this out."
For a second, Steve is frozen, because it's a shock, how could he have been expecting something like this to happen? This isn't what he meant, was it? Iron Man's lips are soft against his and Steve opens his mouth to say something, except that's the wrong move, because Iron Man uses that to deepen their kiss and oh, maybe this
Another blink.
be the wrong word? He found himself holding his breath. "Do you...want to tell people about this?"
Steve’s chest hurt, beyond his own injuries. Delirium. Of course. Maybe it was already too late. “Just hold on,” Steve whispered.
"Tony," Steve said, gently, and yeah, okay, that did come out a little bitter. But what else could Tony be, but resentful? Steve had gone, for
That was another thing Tony liked about Steve Rogers. None of the pretense of businessmen that had too-often drowned Tony in his younger years, an unceasing parade of toadies kissing up to Tony's reputation and money. Steve Rogers said what he meant. You could trust what he said, and Tony did, often and implicitly.
It was only when Iron Man spoke that it occurred to Steve that maybe he’d gone too far. That maybe this wasn’t the place, or the time, but if imminent mortal danger wasn’t the right time, when would be? He hadn’t planned to say it, or maybe he had. It had surprised Iron Man, at least, and proven at the same time that he was relatively cognizant enough to hear what Steve was saying. If nothing else happened besides Steve horribly embarrassing himself, then there was enough good in it that he couldn’t complain.
Perplexingly, although Steve had haunted his side every moment while he was unconscious, he was nowhere to be seen now Tony was awake. Tony would be more peeved, if he was on fewer painkillers, and if he didn't have a sneaking suspicion as to why Steve was avoiding him.
" Jan says, and hops down from the hanging rings, surrendering the pretense she's actually concentrating on her training in favor of walking over to Iron Man. She's not the only one; nearly everyone's paused what they're doing, except for Vision, who's placidly running around the track like he needs the exercise.
"He's not there," Strange said, frowning down at Tony's body after doing a multiple number of things that looked ridiculous and were, in Tony's opinion, unsurprisingly useless.
Steve inhales, mouth weirdly dry as he takes in Iron Man's appearance. The leggings hug so tightly to those impossibly familiar thighs. Steve's spent hours admiring Iron Man's armor, dazzled by how inventive and amazing Tony's mind must be to come up with something so wonderful. Learning that the armor shaped intimately to the wearer's body shape had at first seemed incredible. Now, seeing those marvelous thighs in something other than an invincible metal coating, Steve's only just realizing how astounding Tony's technology is.
?" Sam asks, which is a good question; Steve was thinking exactly the same thing.
Tony stayed where he was, confused as to why he felt bad about Steve leaving. It was smart for him to leave now, while everyone else was asleep. It was
Instead, Steve moved the Thor figurine to the tree and slipped it over one of the branches, staring intently like it might throw its tiny hammer and fly off he wasn't careful.
The only thing to drink in this place is tap water and a carton of cloudy apple juice that magically reappears every morning.
It was an unbearable idea, but Tony had no idea how to fix it.
you?"
"Of course there is,” Steve blinked up at Iron Man. "You
much of a touch was somehow
So it's just Iron Man, Carol, and Jan left to find. Steve's eyes eagerly sweep the crowd. Of course, Tony Stark should be here too, so he mentally adds him to the list. It's like
"I can't believe you spoiled Robbie's brother like that," Steve murmured, and Tony braced for a lecture, but Steve just added, "that was
Steve pulls back far enough that he's looking firmly at Tony. Tony's arms are still around him, anchoring him to reality. Steve lifts an eyebrow, trying to act braver than he feels, because that works for him on the battlefield, and what is this, if not a fight to see if he can earn Tony's affections?
"They're wrong, he's really nice," Steve protests immediately.
Steve swallows, his throat suddenly dry as he finds himself with more than a handful of Iron Man's firm ass under his palm.
deserve good things, every now and again, dammit, and what was Steve Rogers, if not a good thing?
He might never laugh at it again.
Steve grinned mischievously. Tony found himself helplessly grinning back. Steve had such a nice smile.
"You're Tony Stark's employee," Steve says.
Ha, baby brain for the win. "I'll help," Tony immediately offered.
"That's what I love about you, Rogers," Tony raised his voice so he could be heard over the rustling of the branches, "your unceasing pragmatism. Ah. A-
. The best parts of me. Believe me, you already know me, Cap. If I die here, it means I died getting to do what I loved. Next to someone who knows me better than anyone ever has, or ever will. It’s not a regretful way to go."
"I mean it," Tony said before adding, softly, "Wing-head.
Pepper beamed at him like she hadn't just dropped the equivalent of a pipe-bomb into Tony's life.
Steve shrugs. "You're going to start judging someone for wearing a mask, Shell-head?
"I suppose it's the same for you," Steve says. He has both of his hands on Iron Man's waist and he can feel warmth coming from his body and it's so odd. He knows there's a person inside the armor, but sometimes it's different to know something and
Carol smiled, almost fondly. Tony missed the version of Carol that looked at him like that. "Exactly," she agreed. "That's
"Because you’re losing a lot of blood."
"I'm sure my wife is wondering where I've gotten to," Happy said.
Steve wanted to say they’d been in worse situations before, but the words gummed up in his throat, like a lie. Had they been in a worse situation than this one? The walls were impenetrable. The parking structure had forty stories above them. Who knew how much rubble there was to sift through to find them? Vision would be okay, if he hadn’t been caught by surprise, and Wanda’s magic might have protected them, but nothing was guaranteed. Staircases were often secure, so maybe Clint and Simon were okay. And Steve was hurt, yes, but it was not even the first time Steve had been pinioned by something like this; he was fairly sure he’d been impaled in almost the exact same spot before.
making it hard to think—" Tony kissed him again, sliding his hands into Steve's hair, and how was that perfect
Steve, more distracted than he should be by the topic, realizes they're wasting time, and Iron Man's shuffling like he's embarrassed by the attention. Steve swoops in to rescue him before they make Iron Man more uncomfortable than he already is.
Steve almost laughs in delight, because that is
Steve hopes Iron Man is as disgusted as he is; he doesn't feel as bad for interrupting as he would have had he not been eavesdropping.
"Shouldn't you be able to see him, if so?" Steve asked, moving his gaze away from Tony's body to glare at Strange suspiciously. Tony did a quiet fist-pump, because no one could see him, but at least Steve was there, asking the right questions.
Steve steps closer, his eyes intently locked on Tony's for a moment, like there isn't a likely supervillain attack happening right at that moment that needed both of them.
Taking as even a breath as he could manage, Steve finished glancing around. The explosion he barely recalled had caught them both in an enclosed pocket of fallen debris. There was that terrible, torturous gray in every visible direction. There was still air—at least there was that—maybe Iron Man had made a decent point earlier about the wondrous air system in this terribly ugly building. There was an intact vent to Steve’s left, and it was clearly intact enough to be functioning for the moment. They wouldn’t suffocate to death, then.
Maybe Steve just didn't
"Sure," Steve said, his voice sounding thin and thready.
might not," Iron Man said, quietly, and Steve’s heart broke all over again. If he could physically yank the serum out of himself and give his precious healing factor to Iron Man, he would.
"It’s practical," Steve insisted, pushing past the shame. "We will be found soon. But you’re hurt. And hurt bad. You can’t just go to Tony Stark and have him patch you up in his basement—"
There was a blankness to Steve's voice that made Tony's gut twist uncomfortably.
They didn't always get interrupted, but there were a few hairy moments of nearly being seen before Tony caught on to the fact that Steve had a little bit of a danger kink:
Tony found himself headed for the door and he was halfway down the stairs toward the communal showers before he realized what he was doing. He worried briefly that he might be going
He was volunteering to play Santa before he even really thought it through. Even after the hospital manager cried in gratitude and handed him the suit, and he had time to think it through as he pulled on the distinctive red-and-white clothing, Tony couldn't find it in himself to regret his impulsive yes. Tony had already done the most important part of his job, so the money part was sorted for another year. And it wasn't like people would even know it was Tony Stark inside the costume. He might not have had extensive experience pretending to be Santa Claus, but Tony did have copious experience of anonymously walking around in a red suit. It was nice to dive fully into being someone else for a short while.
And that was fine. It was – it was more than fine. It should have been enough.
Tony straightened up from his slump of misery and began to plan instead. He wasn't a quitter. He would go and find a hotel room, and return to Steve's house in the morning, refreshed and ready to apologize for overstepping his bounds (he didn't think inquiring about nurseries and doctors was an overstep, but Steve clearly felt so, which was the important thing), and get the answers he needed that would help him convince Steve to come back to New York with his kid. Tony could totally baby-proof the tower; he'd
"You will see me again," Steve blurts out, as Tony reaches the door.
"1872, of course," the man said. He smiled at Steve and held out a broad hand, seemingly missing the shock on Steve's face. "I'm Isaac Stark."
"Good," Steve says.
"It's a pleasure to meet you," Isaac continued, glancing down at his still-extended hand.
″You probably should,″ Steve said, and there wasn't a point in dragging this out, every second counted. With that though in mind he grimaced, pushed himself up a few inches on the pole again, and ignored the pain screaming behind his eyeballs in favor of shoving the shirt into the blooming-flower wound, pushing it into the ragged flesh.
Tony wasn't quite sure
"I suppose so," Steve annoyingly says; the serum means it takes a lot more to wear him out.
"You can get out," Steve returned, gently rocking Sarah, glaring at Tony. "I mean it. Get out. We're just fine without you. Get in your fancy car and
"True love's kiss wakes people in fairy tales," Jan beamed at him. "Tony and I aren't dating anymore, but I still love him. Platonic love is
Tony dropped his gaze for a moment. This was fine. Steve hadn't called him
It's only when he's staring up at the ceiling and not at Tony that Steve even has the courage to voice his worry. Steve asks the question quickly, like he's been winded with it and has only a small amount of oxygen spare to get it all out. "Do you not—worry about the time you use—setting these things up? That you should be using it on the puzzle instead?"
"It sounds romantic," Steve says.
Maybe Carol was saying that to the wrong person.
"I heard a lot," Tony said. "Enough to know we
He kept going, trying uselessly, his frustration growing sharply with each attempt. He'd have kept going until the end of class, except a blur of movement caught his eyes. When Steve looked up to see what it was, he saw Tony. Tony was leaning casually against the wall nearest Steve's desk, his gaze coolly averted to the corner of the classroom where Sam was successfully lighting a candle for Van Dyne. Van Dyne smiled politely at the achievement. Steve's stomach jumbled uncomfortably.
"So...why
When Tony looked up, Steve was leaning on the doorjamb, looking down at them both fondly.
. Oh, oh, I already know what costume I'm going to make."
"Of course I did," Steve's forehead wrinkled at Happy's statement. "You're Mr. Stark's driver. Why would I forget you?"
Understanding washed through Tony in a warm wave and he almost laughed; he was able to choke it back because Steve did look utterly miserable and Tony was sure laughter would be misinterpreted. Steve somehow thought… Tony was out of his league? Well, that would be a misunderstanding that Tony could easily clear up. And he could, Tony thought. Steve wouldn't be this messed up if he didn't believe it. Steve, for some perplexing reason, was actually into him—both of him.
"And eject me from your life at the same time," Tony said, hollowly.
″Huh?″
Tony laughed and kissed Steve again, because it felt like the right thing to do.
of that."
And Tony couldn't remember having such a stress-free December before in his memory of
"My right one, maybe."
Steve's got a thousand rational reasons why this whole chapter is better squirreled away as a sweet memory when he sees Tony slipping out from the dance floor to the balcony, and Steve's resolve shatters into teeny tiny pieces.
Tony pulls a face of disbelief at that, because Steve thought chatting about this date was a perfectly fine situation to talk about during a supervillain fight, but he can't exactly bring that up right now.
at least."
"I mean, I do, it just...collapses first," Iron Man says. "It's not like a suit of armor. It folds up."
it shouldn't feel like he was touching a live wire with his bare fingers, but the noise Steve made when Tony ran his fingers over his scalp sounded like he was living and dying all at once.
"Then be a little clearer. Because I gotta say, I'm still half-convinced you've been replaced by a pod person right now. Maybe try
Tony's reputation was too much for Steve to be able to handle an actual public relationship. And maybe Tony wasn't perfect, but
"Next time we do Secret Santa we'll make wishlists a mandatory feature."
"Of course. It's none of their business. We can keep it quiet. Between us."
Steve lifted the crate down easily and Tony tried not to stew over that fact; he levied his dismay at his overactive imagination by bossing Steve around, directing him where to put that crate, and which decoration to start with first. Out in the bigger room, with space between them, reality was easier to grasp onto.
"Maybe you should come back in?" Steve mumbled.
"I've been dreaming about this," Tony mutters, before kissing Steve again and yep, Steve's body is going to be found here, and Steve should be freaked out by how little he cares, as long as Tony keeps going. "You should put your hand in my hair, I like that," Tony adds, during another pause for air.
Iron Man makes a huffing noise and physically presses Steve's hand into his waist with a laugh.
"Don't look too pleased," Steve warned him. "It's decaffeinated."
″I think you're insane.″
Steve hurriedly gulps in cool air, willing his body to calm down, but Iron Man still lingering close isn't helping, being all handsome and distracting and ridiculously hot, seriously, how come Tony Stark makes someone so attractive hide their body so entirely?
terrible one."
"Don't kiss me unless you mean it," Steve said, his voice sounding wrecked.
"I hear it's traditional," Steve says, his heart pounding ridiculously, "when you want a fairytale ending."
Tony lets out a dry chuckle, enjoying what he thinks is a private joke when he says, "Well, I suppose ol' Shell-Head knows what he's talking about."
baby-proof the whole world too—
Carol rambles about how they didn't realize Tony and Steve were missing until it was too late, and she apologizes for it taking a whole ten hours to negotiate with the aliens that took them to give them back. Jan's managed to retrieve Tony's armor too, and Steve's shield, although they've had to put them on the quinjet—even though peace has been brokered and the aliens know now the Avengers came in peace, they are still jumpy and nervous about Steve and Tony having access to their weapons. Steve thinks about how bad it got, how close he came to losing Tony, and they're
"Sixteen hours," Steve said, and Tony blinked. What? That—that didn't seem right to him. He could have sworn it had only been a couple of hours.
?" Steve asked, his misery shifting into something else.
“—there's a lot I've prepared for—“
. If we sleep right here, we'll be on the bed come morning. That's
Steve had heard of scientists like that. Ones who would experiment on themselves; ones that would cheerfully face insane odds in the name of progress. Iron Man’s pilot was one such man. In literature, it didn’t always go well for the mad, self-practicing scientist, but Iron Man seemed to have bucked that trend. Or, at least, if a Mr. Hyde lurked somewhere behind that shiny exterior, Iron Man was keeping him firmly out of sight.
Steve was alive. It wouldn't be the worst chance he'd ever had to say goodbye to someone.
"Your energy is too chaotic for this ritual," Strange said. "Be patient. He's here. The readings are clear."
"Yeah," Steve said, softly, like he was the one suddenly trying to disguise his voice. "But usually you're locked up behind metal. It's easy to forget you're flesh and blood, sometimes, especially when you're doing impossible things."
Steve thought about how Iron Man had been halfway through saying so, during the incident.
I hate the idea that I might only get to know who you are from your gravestone. Or a...a toe tag! Even the idea of having to admit to hospital doctors that I have no idea who you are—this is—this is so unfair—you’re so amazing and you deserve the world! Not dying in a hole like this with just me; in pain
Well. That was a fair response. Steve carefully took a breath and tried to see how much movement he had, pinned underneath Iron Man like this, but his first cautious movement made it very clear that he couldn't move without jostling the pipe impaled into him, the one which was also jammed through Iron Man’s body, too. Steve’s body could maybe take more injury. Iron Man’s… probably couldn’t.
"Steve," Tony breathed, because there weren't really any words that he could string in a row to reassure him.
sit on my lap."
″We've just been through something incredibly dramatic,″ Tony said, slowly, and Steve frowned because that wasn't a yes. A yes or a no was all he was after. ″Delirium during that kind of blood loss is perfectly normal.″
He spares a look at Tony then, but Tony's staring up at the ceiling still, his breathing carefully measured, like he's thinking it through.
"You're the genius futurist, boss. If you think I'm going to laugh, I probably will."
When Tony blinked next, he was almost scared to open his eyes again. Steve would have to give up on him at some point. The world needed Captain America, he couldn't be constantly glued to Tony's unconscious side.
Carefully spitting the glove aside once he got it off, Steve gritted his teeth and lifted his upper body by tensing his core and leaning upward. Sliding even just that far up the pole embedded into them both was not a sensation Steve thought anyone would willingly choose to do more than once, even if it was for as good a cause as
You literally could be with anyone you wanted in the entire world—" Steve was gesturing now, "I just—don't understand why if you're
“So why are you insisting
him, and the next time Steve panics, when the thoughts won't leave him alone, he can still feel echoes of how good Tony makes him feel. It keeps the darkness at bay for a while.
Tony followed Strange through the Mountain next. It was weird, walking; he had to remain focused, or his toes would dip into the steel, make it look like the corpse they lived in was trying to swallow him up. Maybe it was. Maybe it was the teleporter itself that had caused this...temporary evacuation from his body.
"I promise," Steve says, slowly.
too much time now.
And Tony had let himself be chased away with barely any of the story? With still so very little explanation as to what the fuck was going on?
