Dean wakes up the next morning to a message from Cas. He feels a wave of emotions wash over him when he realises that Cas must be keeping track of the time on earth in order to send those texts.
by humans, with a voice that shatters windows and eardrums, with so much power flowing through his veins even demons fear him, an ancient being that’s too powerful to even comprehend – a soldier of god.
Now it’s him who has to avert his eyes, because he can’t bear to look at Dean any longer, he can’t take the sun, because he doesn’t deserve it, and because it burns too bright, shining light onto his rotten flecks of betrayal and failure.
of Cas. Granted, it’s not a very good one, the angle is awful, Cas isn’t even looking at the camera but instead at the screen of his phone and the lighting is terrible. (If even heaven itself can’t get the lighting right, then what hope is there for bloggers…?)
Silence falls in the room and stretches between them, until only Dean’s heavy breathing cuts through it and Cas’ mouth snaps shut, opens, and closes again, without any words coming out. He furrows his brows, trying to make sense of what’s happening, trying to make sense of Dean’s sudden anger.
By now, tears are shamelessly streaming down Cas’ face and he wants nothing more than to pull Dean up and bury his face in his chest. But he keeps still and says nothing because, he believes, this would probably kind of ruin the joke.
Suddenly, Dean gets down on one knee, right in the middle of the fruit aisle and Cas inhales sharply as a few people slow down to get a better look at what’s happening.
day and watching you grow into who you are now has been everything to me and I’m so damn lucky that you choose to spend your time with me.”
Everything seems to stop in that moment and Dean’s dead sure even Sam in the other room can hear his erratic heartbeat, but then Cas lifts his arms and wraps them around Dean’s mid, hugging him tight.
It’s his eyes, however, that make Dean swallow hard and take a step back himself–because they’re empty. Cas’ face is completely blank, wiped of all and any emotion, and Dean didn’t think it would hurt so much, but it does, and he realises suddenly that all he ever did while talking to Cas was observe the endless flurry of feelings and emotions, some old and familiar, some new and exciting, flit across his features, laid open and bare for all to see, like those of a child.
His place in heaven has been lost a long time ago, and maybe he never really had it in the first place because there was something wrong with him from the start, and now he’s stranded, with no place on earth, and he finds it deeply distressing that he feels more at home now in a body that isn’t his than anywhere else.
“I couldn’t. But even if I had, somehow, misjudged the situation, it was the only logical choice in this scenario. You have to realise that, Dean.”
Too taken aback to react, Dean just stands there like a pillar of salt, and he feels like flying, and he feels like drowning, but his body doesn’t move an inch and he feels like dying.
After they both leave, Cas makes a list of all the things he needs to buy. He counts the money Dean left him and tries to remember the price of oranges. After a while, and some very rough math, he pockets the list and takes off.
He opens his mouth again, to say that, and Cas drops his blade. And raises his hands in silent surrender.
He looks at the screen and his jaw drops. Everything looks the same as it did a second ago, except for one tiny little detail – the colour of the bubble changed. Dean checks and double-checks again and again, but he can’t deny the obvious.
For the last few hours, Dean’s been anxiously waiting for Cas’ arrival, constantly shooting nervous glances at the clock trying to figure out what ‘evening’ meant for Cas, pacing the room until Sam yelled at him to sit the fuck down. And then it just happened.
It’s then that Dean is reminded again of who Cas really is. He’s not this dorky angel slash human being who goes on hunts with them and occasionally dresses up as a cowboy. He’s a literal
“…What…?” he whispers to himself and grips the phone tight, trying to make sense of it. Why would Cas even respond to that? And why would he respond like…like
It takes him a full ten minutes, just gazing at it, with a giddy grin that seems to be plastered onto his face nowadays, until he sighs and gets to work. There are a lot of dishes that need washing after all, and the sooner he gets this done, the sooner he can put the ring back on.
He’s not of use here, perhaps he has been once, or maybe that was just his twisted sense of justice and righteousness, but now he’s broken and wrong and so very lost.
It’s way into the night already and both of the brothers have been asleep for a while now, but Cas just can’t waste more than four hours a day on sleep. It’s a compromise they agreed on.
Dean flushed redder than Castiel expected him to, and Castiel snorted at his reaction, before nodding his head.
"I'm sorry," Castiel croaked out, "—I never should have asked you to come over. It's just— I don't know how to tell you— but my parents, they just seemed so enthusiastic about it. I thought maybe for once, for a change, my mother was coming around and turning to a better person. But I was wrong. I was wrong for bringing you over. I hurt you, and I know my mom did too, and I'm so sorry, Dean. Please— just don't leave me, alright? I know you were right, I know you were looking out for me, and I overreacted. The noise, the fighting— I couldn't stand it anymore. Dean, I'm sorry—" Castiel let out a sob, and tears threatened to spill down his face as he pouted, and stared up at Dean, hoping Dean would accept his apology.
"You fucking brat," Dean growled, right against Castiel's ear as he yanked his head up by a fistful of hair, "—all you think about is yourself. Don't you think you should be begging for daddy's cock the moment he gets home?"
"Fuck, Cas—" Dean groaned, and ran a hand down Castiel's jaw. There was no semblance of fear or uncertainty on Castiel's face, simply pure arousal and conviction in his eyes as he snapped his gorgeous, baby blues up at Dean, and wrapped his lips over the pink, throbbing flesh of Dean's cockhead. Castiel stared up at Dean, eyes narrow and hooded as he lapped at the precome pooling at the slit, and at last— sunk his mouth all the way down. Seven inches long, Castiel couldn't even fit it to the hilt in his mouth.
"No, Bobby, please don't tell them. You're the only adult who knows. Castiel wants to take his time telling them."
The train came to a gradual halt, and the man sent Castiel a wink before expertly slipping away, into the crowd, and out of the compartment. Castiel had no time to even process what he'd just done, before he felt the crowd glance at him with strange, vile looks.
Castiel watched as Dean's face softened, and he quirked his lips, not fully convinced, but considering, and Castiel's skin thrummed with excitement as he took out his other earphone, wiped it on his trouser, and plugged it into Dean's other ear, "-listen," Is all he said, before pressing play on Led Zeppelin IV, the complete album. He leaned in closer into Dean's space, trying to listen in on some traces of the song. Unexpectedly, Dean leaned in closer, so close that a single inch forward and their lips would have brushed. But the action seemed innocent, simply to aid Castiel's listening.
"I just wanted to help you, Cas," Dean whispered, and let his arms slide around Castiel to pull him into a tight, crushing hug, "—I was too chicken to say anything last time, but I didn't want him to get away with it again."
"Eighteen," Castiel breathed out, and the man shoved in another finger. Excitement twinkled in the man's eyes, and Castiel felt guilt course through him at what he was doing, but he couldn't bring himself to resist it.
"I erm, I like you too, a lot, a very big lot, and erm, I think we should, erm, sleep, because erh— uhm, because I'm tired and you're tired, and sleep is good, and it's—"
Dean stared at Castiel's message for a good, whole second, before tapping on his keyboard. Castiel hadn't come to football practice with Dean, a bit exhausted from the events of the day, since Mr. Singer had to instruct him about some debate championship. Castiel had asked Dean to meet him at the library when he was done, so with a smile, he replied.
"Dean, ah—" Castiel gasped when he felt Dean's teeth graze his nipple. On instinct, he rolled his hips against Dean's body, and watched as Dean stared down at his sweatpants for a moment, before glancing up at him.
Because Castiel had tears in his eyes, and his lips trembled as he spoke, quiet and yet commanding. "You know, mother, I never really expected much from you. I never expected you to be nice, I never expected you to like Dean, or even have a normal, polite conversation with him, because I know you don't care about me." The next moment, however, Castiel's eyes turned to Dean. "But you, Dean? What do you think of yourself, you're some kind of knight in shining armour here to rescue me from a wicked witch? Yes, I'm hurt that my mother can't see anything but grades when it comes to me, and yes, I know she's not the best mother, but I don't need you standing up for me always, okay? I can defend myself. I can speak for myself. And for my sake, couldn't you keep your ego in control for a single evening?"
No, he reprimanded himself, Dean Winchester is a disgusting human being, who doesn't deserve an ounce of Castiel's attention. And yet, with Dean, who sat lingering at the edge of the bed, waiting and watching so intently, Castiel couldn't find it in himself to argue against him.
"You mean Alastair?" Dean asked quietly, to which Castiel nodded. "I wonder hurt anyone, I promise. I'm just going to stay here with you, okay? Now
"Well, lucky for you, it's one of the few Zep songs I do know how to play." Dean laughed, and fiddled with the tuning of the guitar for a few seconds, before adjusting his finger on the neck of the guitar, and starting out with the intro to Black Dog. Castiel listened with apt attention, as Dean strummed his fingers, and played each note with perfection, and towards the end, Castiel couldn't even hold himself back from humming along to the song.
photos. Photos of women, showing nothing but their cleavage peeking through a shirt, or photos taken from a low angle with a view up into their skirts, showing their thin, damp panties, and the comments? Castiel wondered if the people in the comments thought it was disgusting, but to his surprise— there had been nothing but love and support in the comments. Hearts for as low as he could scroll.
The sound of Castiel's deep, hoarse laugh rumbled under Dean's skin, and he pressed another kiss to Castiel's lips. "Round two?"
"I want you inside me, Dean," He said, as sincere as he could. Dean studied him for a moment, before pulling him up by the shoulders as if Castiel didn't weigh a thing. Castiel found himself seated in Dean's lap, their bare, twitching cocks brushing together, as Dean brushed a few strands of hair away from Castiel's forehead, and smiled down at him fondly.
"I'd rather swallow glass then touch you," Castiel hissed, and pushed Dean's arm away, sucking in a deep breath as he trudged away, only for a hand to grip his arm and yank him back. Castiel jerked, eyes wide as Dean twisted his hand around his back and pinned him to the wall.
Her eyes softened, "-yeah. And also the first guy who ever looked at me as someone more than a friend. It was why I devoted myself to him. I thought he'd be the possessive type, and  that he'd tear apart anyone who hurt me, or anyone who touched me. Dating Alastair was tough. I don't even know how I got myself to do it for a year. But then things changed towards the end. He got distant, never texted back, he flirted with other girls, kept bullying my
"If sharing it with us makes you feel better, please by all means, go for it. And don't worry about Benny or Dean, they're harmless. We won't say a word to anyone, if that makes you comfortable."
Dean blushed, before turning away and walking to the door before them. "I'll see you tomorrow, Bobby."
"Fuck," Dean growled, "-why'd you have to hold me back, Cas?" He let his eyes flutter shut as he sunk back against one of the lockers.
"It's a pity, though, I'd been saving up the twink for myself. Wanted to fuck the virgin out of him," Alastair's voice dropped, and his eyes flashed red, "—especially if he would've begged me not to."
Should Dean have stayed? Should he have grabbed Castiel and told him he wasn't leaving? And that he would always be there for Cas, whenever he needed Dean, that he wouldn't let a single thing hurt him? That he would always think Castiel was the most beautiful thing in existence, and that nothing would ever change his mind? Or how every single night, he prayed silently for Castiel to be happy, or how he would love to listen to Castiel sing along to Metallica for the rest of his life, even if Castiel sang it completely off-pitch and toneless, or that he would stand up for Castiel, that he would rip apart every single thing that ever bothered Castiel?
"Well, we can't guarantee that your name won't be in the news either." Castiel snapped, and watched as Mrs. Berry narrowed her eyes at him.
But the pressure was growing too fast, and Dean was not about to come untouched by a fucking lap-dance by his nerdy, hot secretary.
The song ended, and Dean's eyes fluttered open to settle onto Castiel. "-what else do you listen to?"
"Do the bruises hurt?" He asked in a whisper, and for a moment Castiel was dumbfounded as to what he was talking about, before it struck him. Dean had spent the rest of their Sunday fucking and cuddling, and listening to music, nothing else. And man, had it been rough. Bruises littered all over Castiel's body, bites all across his neck— it would have been more believable to tell people he'd fought a gorilla than tell them his boyfriend fucked like an animal. Of course, the uniform thankfully hid the marks, but the moment Castiel was in his casual clothes, anybody could see them.
"No riddles, Dean, no games, no cockiness, no fuckin' playing, you hear me?" Bobby banged a fist into the desk, and Dean jerked back. Bobby's eyes were wide and gaping, his nose practically fuming with fire as he glared down at Dean, "—do you know who Alastair Knight is? Do you know the power he holds? If his parents found out it was you, they'd put you in jail, heck, they'd fucking rip you open limb to limb."
Dean looked excruciatingly hungry. Animalistic. Predatory. Like he wanted to rip Castiel apart in half. Castiel was down for it. He'd love to be ravished by Dean on any given day. It seemed today was his day. Dean gripped the edge of the desk to balance himself, as he pushed up to his feet, and locked eyes with Castiel. A beat passed between them, before Dean cleared his throat.
"How dare you point fingers at me in my own damn house? You think I'm not a good mother? And who do you think you are to tell me what a mother should be like, when you don't even have one yourself?"
Dean was busy chewing, and he didn't want to embarrass himself by speaking whilst eating, but Castiel spoke up on his behalf. "Oh, mother, Dean got into Lawrence High on a scholarship. He's the smartest boy in my class, great grades, a high GPA, he's everything you've ever wanted from me."
"Why are you doing this? Look, obviously you wanna' put on a show, I get it. But you gotta' tell me the whole script if you want my A-1 performance. Now, shoot."
"And you left?" Benny gasped. Dean furrowed his eyebrows, studying Benny's face for any traces of amusement, but in his eyes was sincerity.
"—He should be brave, righteous. Someone who understands people, makes them feel loved. I want him to lean on me sometimes, when things are too hard for him. I like honest people. And I like men who aren't afraid to be vulnerable."
"People, you have to see this." Castiel called out, and at once, Anna, Dean, Meg, and Benny crowded behind Castiel to glance over his shoulder.
Mrs. Berry sighed, and motioned for Castiel to take a seat at her table. Meg sat down beside Castiel, and Anna, Dean and Benny crowded around them as Mrs. Berry wrote away at her notepad. Dean squeezed Castiel's shoulder, and Castiel sent him a soft smile. Mrs. Berry reached for her intercom, and pressed it to her ear. "Tessa, tell my driver I'm going to be late."
Dean swallowed tightly, his cock now achingly hard and waiting to bury itself in something warm and pliant, as he pushed his thumb inside. But the next moment, his mouth dropped open as he felt Castiel's insides slick and sticky around his finger.
Dean helped himself up to his feet with Castiel by his side, and they walked down to the library to grab their books. Dean couldn't stop staring at Castiel, who blabbered on about his new study schedule, because somehow, even the most trifling thing became significant to Dean when Castiel spoke about it. It was in one of the corridors outside the library that Castiel paused abruptly, and when Dean finally looked away from him—
Castiel remembered the day Dean had called him into his office, after months of stolen, sensual glances, months of dancing around each other, months of unspoken words, when the levee broke at last, neither of them had been able to pull away as they went at it, hands flying, moans echoing, wood creaking, skin slapping, and breaths mingling together as Dean took Castiel against his desk, unbothered of the papers and files lying on it. Hours later, with both hearts on their sleeves, they'd decided to let their relationship grow in secret, until the end of the semester, after which Castiel would search for a job.
Seated on the front seat of the Impala, with only the sound of his ragged breaths to keep his company, Dean sighed into his hands, and glanced up to look at the Novak residence outside his window. A few feet away, with only one window illuminated, the rest of the house faded away into the gloom of a calm, dark, cold winter night. Dean stared at it for a moment, before glancing at himself in the rear-view mirror to study himself. A smear of blood stained his chin, and he rubbed it at his sleeve. He ran a hand through his hair, and with conviction in his movements, stepped out of the car, letting the keys jangle in his palm as he strutted up the short flight of stairs in front of the rosewood door. Once he was at the threshold, he rung the buzzer.
"For the past three days, I have been handing out fliers about Lawrence High's new anti-bullying club. And I thought this class would be much more interactive about it considering that Lawrence High's most notorious student, Alastair Knight, is a part of this class. But the response is pathetic." Castiel sounded firm, each word said with raw conviction as his eyes glazed over the classroom. They trailed over each row of students, but never faltered.
said, and shot up in his seat. His wide, worried, aghast eyes trailed across Castiel's face, and Castiel let out a breath he hadn't known he was holding. Already, the sight of Dean had warmth curling in the back of Castiel's mind. But Dean's weren't the only concerned eyes staring up at him. There was Benny, who sat behind him, staring at him with worry and relief. Meg, who smiled at him and squeezed his hand, and Anna, who reached out to comfort him.
Castiel sighed, and turned to watch the crowd behind him. The walls seemed to shake with every beat of the bass, and the people on the floor, dancing, grinding, laughing— enjoying themselves, didn't seem to care for the rest of the world as they lost themselves in the high of alcohol, and perhaps even drugs. It wasn't as if Castiel was against drugs or alcohol, he simply didn't care for it much. But he did have his other addictions though, like OnlyPics and Dean. He was sure they were just as worse as weed and alcohol.
"Just get a new pen," Dean grumbled, pointedly averting his gaze, and Castiel grinned to himself, "-oh," He pouted, "—but this is my favourite pen."
Castiel watched as Dean's face softened, and he looked up at Castiel with guilty, incredulous eyes. Castiel turned his gaze down, letting the burden of Meg's words settle in his chest. The mere thought of trusting someone, devoting yourself to someone, hoping they'd protect you, that they'd take care of you, only for them to hurt you so ruthlessly— it made him sick to the stomach.
the most delectable pair of plump, pink lips. Absently, Dean paused behind the chair, and cautiously reached down to brush his finger against Castiel's lips.
A broad, calloused hand slipped against Castiel's jaw, and Castiel watched as Dean's eyes tracked the movement of his thumb on Castiel's face. Castiel winced when he grazed over a particularly harsh bruise, and at once, Dean's face dropped, eyes going wide as he parted his mouth to apologize, but Castiel simply leaned in to bury his face into the crook of Dean's neck, breathing in the faded scent of his cologne.
God, Dean had never seen Castiel like this before. Smiling and humming, letting out soft moans, grinding down on Dean's lap like a whore, teasing Dean by nibbling on his plump, juicy pink bottom lip.
, Dean wondered, as he glanced between the two of them. "Hello, Mrs. Novak, Mr. Novak. Castiel has told me much about the two of you."
The past few days, Dean had acted too distant. And stranger was the fact that not once had he threatened, annoyed, irritated, or blackmailed Castiel. Not once. He would sit at the far end of the class, and he would be by himself, writing notes, answering questions, asking doubts— it was as if they never knew each other. But Castiel knew something was wrong, and he could read it in Dean's eyes.
Anger boiled in Castiel's veins, and yet, he forced himself to stay calm as he promptly stood up, stepped aside from his chair, and leaned forward to give Dean a show. Maybe if Dean was gay, he would have found it exciting. But he's simply a despicable, sadistic bastard who loves torturing Castiel, which is why he watched with such disgust in his hooded, narrow eyes that never left Castiel's body.
Immediately, Dean thrusts his phone at the bed like it burnt him, and just stares at it like it will continue to do so if he looks away. His heart beats in his throat and it feels awfully stuffy and hot in his room and he hopes that if he pinches himself hard enough, maybe he will wake up and realise this has all been a dream.
“Dean…” Cas says and tries to guide Dean back into bed, “You’re awake.” His voice sounds relieved, and exhausted.
In the morning he has several new texts and almost falls out of bed, trying to open them as quick as possible.
? And when the hell did he learn about emojis? What’s that little kissy face supposed to tell him anyway?
“Dean!” Suddenly the door to his room flies open and Dean drops his phone in surprise. Sam shoots him an angry look and huffs, “Dinner. Now.”
“I had no choice,” he tries to explain, tries to reason and fix it all, but he feels the lie on his tongue.
Dean’s eyes flicker towards the witch to the far left who’s reaching for something inside her coat. “How did you–“
Dean has to go and fall in love with a supernatural being, what else was it ever going to be for him? At the very least it’s not a demon, so that’s something, he supposes.
“That’s–that’s not–what–“ Dean growls and cards his hand through his sweaty strands of hair, clearly frustrated. “What the
“You changed me,” he says, and means it, because he’s no longer who he started out as, and yet he still feels incomplete, like he’s not where he wants to be. He still makes mistakes, he’s still plagued by doubts and loneliness and all he wants is some more time to figure it all out, to get used to it, but he fears that his wish may not be granted.
Dean chokes on his own spit and he can hear Sam snorting with laughter behind them. He turns around and glares at him until Sam excuses himself and walks upstairs, still giggling.
Cas merely tilts his head further, his brows creased and lips pursed, an image of confusion, so Dean decides to put him out of his misery.
“I need you,” is everything it takes for him to regain control of his body, and when he comes to, he sees Dean, kneeling in front of him, and he drops the knife (immediately, without hesitation) because he would do anything to protect Dean Winchester, and he’s quite sure it’s got nothing to do with his original task anymore.
He holds back a big yawn and closes the bedroom door behind him – sleep is still something Cas has to get used to. It’s not like he
He shakes his head abruptly and snaps out of it. This was all in the past. Now Cas is back in heaven, back to being an angel, and even though god knows what time it is where Cas is right now (or if time even exists there), Dean can’t stop himself from texting back.
Sometimes, Dean wonders how not everyone who knows him falls in love with Cas, he wonders how Sam can just chill with him in the archives for hours upon hours, when he can barely even take his gaze for more than a full minute without succumbing to the urge to kiss him.
Dean’s been his anchor, his lifeline, in a sea of questions and doubts, and now he’s gone and broken that too. Like a child in a glass museum, he destroys everything he touches, and some things just can’t be mended and this, this moment right here, might be one of them. It’s too late now and he wants to go back to the way things used to be, but he’s too far gone by now and nobody will ever have use for a thing that’s neither here nor there.
“You’re really good with feelings and stuff, even though you just learned all of this, like, yesterday.” Cas snorts and a small laugh escapes Dean. “You’re extremely diligent and painstakingly organised in everything you do and I know, I know that I can always count on you.”
“I tried my best to heal your wounds, but for some reason,” he licks his lips and draws his brows closer together in irritation, “for some reason, my grace didn’t work and I was left watching your body heal itself in your own time.”
He smiles to himself and feels his eyes getting suspiciously wet again. Feelings really can be a real burden sometimes. (He wouldn’t go back for anything.)
“I’ve loved you since the day you saved my ass back in hell…Hell, probably even before then,” Dean laughs, “and I will continue to do so for as long you’ll let me.”
That’s what they told him, and to date, it is probably the only task he hasn’t failed at. He’s not going to start now.)
Dean smiles, slowly, cautiously, and takes a step towards Cas, at the same time as Sam takes several steps back, quietly removing himself from the situation.
It takes less than a second for Cas to appear by his side, touching his elbow to steady him the moment Dean stumbles, threatening to fall.
“What broke the connection?” Dean asks and looks at him, green eyes framed by freckles, and he doesn’t want to believe that this is love. Because it hurts and it tears and he doesn’t want to love Dean Winchester, because if he loves him he’s gonna fail him and all he ever had to do was keep him safe.
“You’re an expert at misplacing things and forgetting basic stuff like brushing your hair in the morning or going to sleep, but at the same time you’re
The heavy iron door to the hidden bunker breaks open with a flash of light and a bang as loud as thunder and the twenty something witches in the room all swivel around at once, immediately on high alert.
“Cas…” Dean manages to croak as his eyes adjust to the sudden and bright light. His breath wheezes and blood drips down his neck and into his torn shirt, but still, there’s a flutter of hope in his chest when he makes out the figure of Cas in the doorway, his face draped in shadows as the light from outside illuminates him from behind.
“What’s so different about me, then?” Dean snaps, and feels the anger rise up in his chest. He’s not entirely sure why he can’t just give it a rest. “Why not Sam? Or Bobby? Or Charlie? Or any other
Yet, he finds himself in the kitchen of the bunker, with his arms up to the elbows in dirty dish water, dripping all over the place, and his engagement ring next to him on the counter.
The last row of emojis has Dean laughing out loud and he feels childish for the giddy excitement rising up in his stomach, for the fact that he can’t stop his lips from smiling and the way his heart instantly beats a beat faster. Cas is coming home.
Now they’re like a knife, twisting in the rotten parts of his insides, causing his agony to bleed out, and for the first time in a while he remembers that this body isn’t his.
Dean clears his throat and continues, a smirk pulling at his lips, “But you can also be a real pain in the ass sometimes.” Some people shake their heads at that but Cas only has eyes for Dean.
“Cas?” Sam asks suddenly, breaking the silence, and Dean wonders if Sam can feel it too, the tension in the air. “What happened, buddy? Where’re you going?”
“Yah, dude, I’m not talking about the fact that I don’t feel brand-new and energised after being tortured for a week, I’m talking about the fact that you mindlessly rushed to offer up your own life as if–!”
Deadly silence stretches across the room as the few remaining witches compose themselves, watching and waiting, for Cas to make a mistake.
There’s total silence in the fruit aisle around them as their audience waits and hopes, and when Dean looks up at him with his dark green eyes glistening in the fluorescent light of the supermarket, with his gentle smile and slightly reddened cheeks, Cas can only nod, vehemently, frantically, as he bends down and pulls Dean up from the ground, hugging him tight.
It’s been two days since Dean’s last text and he’s just about to go to bed when all of sudden his phone beeps. Without even looking Dean knows it’s from Cas.
He mentally scolds himself for being such a wimp and reaches for his phone. Better to get it over with as quick as possible.
Dean deliberately stabs the book beside him instead, and he should be glad but he’s not, because maybe Dean should have done it, and maybe he should have let this body go and start anew, because maybe the infection hasn’t yet reached his core.
Suddenly, Cas was getting angry too, he straightens his back and takes a step towards Dean, glaring at him with ice blue eyes.
“That’s the thing, Sammy!” Dean says and laughs, a weird mix of fear and adrenaline, “I don’t know…I think he might have left…”
“Hey Dean, dinner’s ready, come on!” Sam calls up from the kitchen and Dean rolls over onto his stomach, burying his face in his pillow.
“Cas, don’t–“ Dean rasps, but doesn’t get very far when suddenly a flame licks at his stomach and scorches the already charred skin there.
Without looking up, Dean reaches for his phone on the nightstand and rolls onto his side. He ignores the low-battery warning and navigates to the messaging app. Flying over the keyboard, he starts typing and lets his fingers do the work, lets his heart lead the way, and he smiles, at his phone, at his love, until he’s staring at his heart on a screen, forced into words.
Dean’s mouth snaps shut and his anger retreats into the depths of his stomach, a wave of shock and confusion washing it away, and only the sound of Cas’ shaky breathing fills the room. Dean can’t help but think, even now, how human this simple process makes Cas seem.
In the end, Dean doesn’t say anything, because he doesn’t know how, or he doesn’t know what. He lets Cas leave and goes to bed.
“He’s okay. I sent him on an errand with Bobby, he’s been here the last few days… figured he should take a break,” Sam replies, suddenly a knowing look in his eyes. “I offered to take over for a while.”
The ridicule rings in his ears and he looks around, ashamed, afraid, exposed. It’s not Dean who’s saying it, not really, but there must be some truth behind it, at the very least because it’s his own truth.
Instead, he finds himself in his own bed surrounded by the familiar smell of the bunker. It’s dark outside, but Dean’s got no idea what time it is or even for how long he’s been asleep for. He turns his head to find Sam sitting at his bedside in a chair, asleep.
Without questioning, without thinking, he followed every and any command given to him, and maybe he was better then (better off), but he feels like he might have been faulty way before then.
Dean’s eyes sparkle mischievously and he flashes a grin at him. Cas enjoys few things more than to watch the skin around his eyes crinkle whenever he does that, but it really doesn’t help with his confusion.
Cas feels like the luckiest being alive, because he got proposed to by Dean Winchester, not only once but
“No, Cas, it fucking wasn’t!” Dean takes a step towards Cas, his jaw clenching and unclenching and his fist twitching. Cas doesn’t move a single millimetre. “Tell me, what would’ve happened, huh? Me, alive, but at what cost, Cas? Does it, somehow, excuse
Dean glances at the time, curses, and quickly types out a reply before he gets dressed in a rush and hurries outside where Bobby and Sam are already waiting for him.
“Dean!” Sam calls again, and he sounds really pissed now, so Dean quickly plugs his phone in to charge and hurries down the stairs. (He’s kinda glad he doesn’t have to worry about the consequences for the time being).
Cas’ risotto last night was amazing, it looked annoyingly like the photo on the recipe he used and tasted even better. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever eaten anything more delicious in his entire life, and coming from a guy who could probably live off pie for the rest of his life, that’s certainly saying something.
Without warning, Cas appeared right there and then, in the middle of the room, all mysterious and majestic and so not-human, and the first thing he does is look at Dean.
They all howl with laughter and she raises something that looks suspiciously like an angel blade, making a move towards Cas, who stands rooted to the spot, his eyes turned downwards.
cowboy hat really was the final nail in his coffin. It’s over, he should just end it all now, this is going to end in flames, he just knows it. In hindsight, it’s probably been one of Dean’s worst ideas yet to have Cas dress up as a cowboy. But foresight’s never really been one of his strong points.
Dean’s heart aches and it’s only now that he realises how much he misses seeing Cas’ face. His eyes follow the shape of his nose, the edge of his cheekbones, linger on his lips, and he feels a pleasant warmth spread inside his chest.
He means it, but his voice wavers and his eyes dampen and he finds himself betrayed again by this body, because it’s not his to own, because it detects his fear and his longing. Where is he supposed to move on to? Where is he supposed to go if not here?
He’s in a lot of pain and the last thing he remembers is Cas surrendering himself to witches in order to save him. Something must have happened to him, that’s why his wounds still weren’t mended, why he’s still in pain even though Cas’ grace should have fixed him up by now.
“Cas…” Dean whispers, quietly, inaudible, and the shadow of a smile starts to play around his lips, pulling the corners up until the dry and chapped skin tears.
Dean tears his arm out of Cas’ grip and refuses to sit back down. He glares at Cas, and when clenching his fist sends a bolt of pain through his arm, he grinds his teeth instead.
Sometimes, he still can’t quite believe his luck. He’s engaged, and he’s engaged to Dean Winchester of all people – mind you,
He knows, that he’s not infallible, he knows, that he can make mistakes, he knows that now, and perhaps he never was (infallible, untouchable, impeccable) but the difference is that he didn’t use to know.
While changing into his nightly attire, Cas watches Dean who’s already sleeping soundly, his features relaxed; a peaceful expression Cas sees more and more often these days.
Dean can only nod, still too shocked at the whole thing to form a coherent thought, let alone a proper sentence. He licks his lips and can still taste Cas on them.
When he turns back to Cas, Dean clears his throat and tries to regain his cool. “So…you feel that for me, huh?”
There’s a knife pointed at him, and he knows that he’s in danger, that he should be scared and fighting for his life, but he looks up and it’s Dean who’s holding the knife, perched over his body with a manic expression in his eyes.
, and knows this isn’t enough, because his love is more than love, and maybe this is some new human-angel hybrid kind of love, and perhaps it’s something he will never be able to fully express because it doesn’t exist outside of himself.
(After a while, Cas untangles himself from the hug and smirks up at him, a playful glint in his eyes. “So, does that officially give me permission to sacrifice myself for you now?”
It’s a weird and inappropriate rush of adrenaline, seeing it so open, so vulnerable, right below Cas’ name, right there in their familiar chat, and he wonders how Cas would look like opening the message, on a phone Dean gave him, typing a reply, with a skillset Dean taught him, and his heart starts beating faster.
But it’s all right, because he takes one last look at Dean and feels like he might have understood one day.
It aches and feels and it gives room for his fears and doubts to grow, and he shouldn’t feel the way he does, but still, his body shatters at the altar of Dean Winchester and he says, “I think it’s time for me to move on.”
His mind gives him an almost cinematic replay of the moment Cas willingly decided to drop his blade in surrender, basically handing himself to them on a silver platter.
He reads, and re-reads, and reads again, but the words don’t change and the message stays the same. This doesn’t make sense. They don’t usually text much, mostly because Cas never really got the hang of it, but also because…well, to be honest Dean isn’t sure why. They just don’t.
to. He enjoys spending nights entangled with Dean, enjoys waking up and seeing Dean’s sleepy face first thing in the morning, enjoys being as human as he can for as long as he can; even if that includes wasting several hours each day doing nothing of use.
And one in particular – that evening when they had the weekend off and Dean made dinner and lit candles and put a movie on and stroked his hair and asked him to marry him.
“Sammy…” he wheezes, shifting slightly, and Sam immediately jumps up, blinking fast. He’s at his side in less than a second.
“I know,” Dean says, because he sees it in his eyes, all of it, and because he might have known for a long time now. “I do, too.”
Dean can practically hear Sam’s jaw drop, and to be fair his own would have probably dropped too, if it weren’t for the fact that his face was literally being held together by the, softer than excepted, hands of Cas, who’s currently kissing him.
the death of thousands of other people? The death of you, or Bobby, or Sam? Tell me, Cas, what made you think that would’ve been the right choice in
His voice sounds rough and scratchy, like it hasn’t been used in a while, but his eyes are determined and panicked as they search Sam’s for any indication that something’s not right.
And they definitely don’t waste their time wishing each other good nights and good mornings and whatnot.
He dies for Dean Winchester and tries anyway, and he wonders whether this is love, or something more, something greater, and he wishes, not for the first time, that he’d had somebody to talk to, somebody who’d understand, but there’s no one and he’s all alone in a place where he doesn’t belong and a body where no one will ever understand.
Before he can say anything (though he’s not sure he would have managed to say anything anyway) Cas clears his throat and takes multiple steps back, putting distance between them that hasn’t been there for a while.
He expects bad news, good news, an emergency, a flurry of emojis – to be honest, he’d been prepared for anything except for what he actually finds when he opens the message – a photo of Cas himself, a crease between his brows and his hand caught mid-wave.
"I know," Dean sighed, and his lips found Castiel's again as they rocked against each other, "-but I love you, Cas, and you're mine, only mine. I just want to live somewhere I can tell that to everyone."
"What's this then?" Dean slapped a bundle of sheets against Castiel's chest, his teeth gritting as he let go of Castiel, towering above him fiercely. With his hands folded across his chest, Dean waited and watched, as Castiel grabbed the sheets and unfurled them. At the very top of the page, in bright red, was a C, and Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. "I—" He started, but the words died down on his throat the moment he flipped to the last page of the sheets.
"Principal Berry," Castiel swallowed thickly, and fiddled with the hem of his school shirt, quickly stopping that once he realised Mrs. Berry had noticed it. He didn't want her to think he was nervous. This was his cause. He needed to speak up. "We have a request."
so inhumanely, so pathetically, with such ruthlessness— Dean wanted to kill Alastair, he really did. He wanted to crush every bone, every tendon, every nerve in Alastair's body, and light it up on fire until nothing remained but ash; even then, he wanted to drill a hundred thousand bullets into Alastair's body, so many that all that would be left of Alastair was a mush of flesh and skin.
The crowd seemed to have moulded itself around the two of them, and Dean brought his hand down to his face to take a sip of whatever was in his cup. Judging by how he barely winced, it must have been the diluted beer.
A shiver ran down Castiel's spine as his eyes widened, and he turned on his heels, a deer-caught-in-a-headlight expression on his face as he blushed a deep, dark red right from the tips of his ears down to his neck.
They lay side by side on the bed, with Dean curled around Castiel. "Was that alright?" He asked, softly, once the silence had become heavy.
"Yup. He's sexually assaulted two students, verbally and physically assaulted several more. We just need to gather up enough people to back us up. I'm sure if we have a good majority of students testifying against him, the school
"Eh, y'know, some eggs, some flour, some milk, the usual, but most importantly, a whole lotta' love." Dean smiled, and Castiel watched, awestruck, as he went about pouring the batter onto the pan.
Dean grumbled, and sat up, rubbing his groggy eyes with his clean hand, reaching to the side to wipe his hand on a tissue at the sidetable. He swung the covers off his body, and walked out into the shower, already feeling his dick harden again. Fuck high libido, man, fuck puberty in general. Cursing to himself, Dean hopped into the shower, and stepped out exactly fifteen minutes later with his hair washed, teeth brushed, and face glowing. He felt good, and a glance at the clock showed him it was somewhere around eight in the morning. He ambled down into the kitchen and fired up the stove, grabbing himself some coffee from the Keurig before grabbing a few eggs from the fridge. Sam would be up soon, and he'd need his veggie breakfast (eugh) before he went off cycling around the neighborhood with his friends.
Surprisingly, when Castiel opened the door, the first thing he asked Dean was, "-what happened to your face?"
Dean quirked his lip, and with a dismissive shrug, replied, "-I don't know what you mean, I've always been like this."
Dean gently hooked his hand under one of Castiel's thigh, and guided it around Dean's waist. "It's your first time, isn't it?" He asked, his voice quiet and keen.
"You didn't have to bring a gift, Dean. Castiel has informed us about your background. We wouldn't have minded." There was a bite to her words, and
"No, I did, I did. But I just— I just kept thinking of how stupid I was. And how embarrassing it was. I should have known better. I could have put myself and my parents in danger, I— I just needed an outlet, Dean. I know I was wrong. I'm just— ever since Alastair— I just feel so ugly, Dean. I can't even look at myself in the mirror without thinking of it. I don't even want to step out of my house, but being with you and fighting against Alastair is what keeps me up. But I'm trying, I really am, and I just— I can't look at myself the same way. So, please, can you delete those videos and pictures of me that you had a few months ago?"
"You know," Castiel started, "—I used to be able to predict what you were thinking, back when we were getting to know each other. But these days, not so much."
It was a Saturday morning, and Meg was over at Castiel's house. They found out a few minutes ago that both of them shared a love for the band Halestorm— Castiel for the badass music, and Meg for the badass female vocalist. They were blasting one of their songs in the kitchen, raiding through Castiel's fridge for some ice-cream as they talked about school, about movies, music, and some times, about Alastair. Meg told Castiel she might be pansexual. Castiel treated her to some more ice-cream as celebration.
With a nonchalant shrug, Dean turned on his heel, tossing his phone in his hand like a ball, and sauntered away with a loud, depraved laugh.
The four of them snapped their eyes up to stare at Castiel, and Dean found Castiel staring straight at him with a cold, inscrutable expression in his eyes.
"That was tiring." Anna sighed as the five of them walked down to the library. Castiel nodded, letting his shoulders loosen at last, feeling relief flood his veins at the thought of going home— well, to Dean's home for now.
, I couldn't stand it. In the morning, when I talked about you, mom seemed so happy about it. And I thought, hey, you know what, maybe you could be the thing that brings my family closer to me— but I was wrong. I realised how selfish I was. I mean, fuck, how could I even think of giving you up for them. My family has never been close to me, and it never will. But that doesn't mean I'm allowed to hurt you or push you away. You are my family, Dean. And I don't want to lose you." Castiel let out a small breath, and felt Dean's thumbs wipe away the tears at his cheek.
"Come for me, baby, you were so good, so good for me. Let it all out, sweetheart," Castiel purred at Dean's ear, brushing his hand through Dean's hair to soothe him, when at last, he felt Dean's pace falter and he paused.
"—he should be my rock, my support. You know those kind of people, where no matter what you do, they're always going to have your back?" Castiel sighed, and a smile spread across his face as played with a pencil sitting on the table. Dean watched him, simply listening; observing.
The men's restroom on the abandoned third floor of Lawrence High is not a place one usually frequented. Of course, the same could not be said for Castiel Novak, a senior on his lunch break, who at the moment, snuck furtive glances from around him before slipping inside the door with a board on the front, saying in bright, bold words—
"Sometimes, I wonder if things would have been—" A tear rolled down his face, and he turned his head away, burying it in his shoulder to sniffle, before turning back to Castiel, and crushing the butt of his cigarette onto the concrete, "-if things would have been different if mom was alive."
It didn't take Castiel more than a second to give his consent as he nodded, and shoved Dean's face lower between his thighs. Instead of going to town but, Dean simply stared at his hole for a good, solid few seconds, and it flustered Castiel to know Dean was simply studying him.
It made him feel— normal. Some people, like Lisa Braeden and Anna Milton, who were known to be enamored by Dean for years, of course, were more than disgruntled by Castiel and his relationship, and some were shocked at the fact that Lawrence High's best athlete and jock was
"It's okay, we don't have to psychoanalyse each other, okay? Let's just eat some fucking ice-cream and do shitty teenager things. We'll be in a better place in ten years, who knows."
"There's my good boy." Dean whispered, and with a final kiss to Castiel's lips, he was leaning back. Castiel shut his eyes.
"No, you haven't. Before we were friends, you were always so rude, and cold, and I know it had to do with erm," Castiel gulped, and felt his face drop, "-with Alastair, but the girls? The whole playboy thing, where you'd sleep with a new girl every week? What was that?"
"Dean said you were more of a father to him than his own has ever been." Meg said at last, and Castiel turned to her, thankful that the colour had returned to her face.
"Oh yeah," Meg chimed in, "—we really need those. Fifty is a lot. But, Cas," She started, her tone questioning now, as she pulled a chair out and seated herself down on it, turning to Castiel, "—we need to talk to someone above Mr. Singer. Who is that going to be? And when are we going to speak to them?"
Dean flipped through the notebooks, quirking a lip when he noticed the neat, round handwriting dotting the pages. And then it dawned on him.
"Man, I was so close to passing out. These days, all I've been doing is talking back to adults." Castiel snorted, and Dean chuckled, brushing a hand across Castiel's forehead and pressing a kiss to his face.
He paid no heed to them, in fact, he hadn't cared for the sign for the past three months, ever since he'd discovered how convenient and secure it was to roam around the empty halls of the third floor, look at the world in a way no one else had before. Apparently the third floor was going to be converted into another floor of classrooms for students, but due to a budget cut, the school never got around to finish the renovation.
"I want you to take your pants off, throw them away somewhere, and sit in your bare underwear, right in front of me," His voice turned sour then, much to Castiel's surprise, "-You like showing your ass to people, huh, don't you? Go on, show me. Fucking slut."
The shame. The guilt. The disgust. The helplessness. A string of words in his mind, echoing over and over again—
"Oh," Castiel mumbled, and his eyes narrowed at Dean, before he turned away and back to face the blackboard.
"That's your dream, mother, not mine— did you even bother asking me, once in my life, what it was that
They were at Dean's house that evening, working on their project silently, when Castiel seized the moment.
Michael hated him. No, scratch that. Michael envied him. Because he was everything Michael was not. Michael couldn't stand Dean Winchester, and the whole of Lawrence High, including Castiel, clearly knew that. Dean didn't care. He didn't have time to care for a nerd's opinion. He was too busy being cool and charming.
"Okay, it looks pretty shabby, but trust me," Dean started, as he killed the engine and turned to Castiel, "—this place is going to have the
Castiel ran his fingers through Dean's hair, and sat up on the bed to simply gaze down at Dean. Dean lay silent in Castiel's lap, so tranquil and soft with his eyes shut. Castiel couldn't help but press a kiss to his forehead. Dean fluttered his eyes open, and gazed up at Cas.
"I'll be fine, Dean. And I think you scared them enough the last time, so I don't think they'll hurt me."
But when he neared the window, he realised only a few lights were on, and most of them were dim, yellow fixtures that didn't do much to brighten the house. Slowly, he tried to open up the window, but failed. It was locked, so Dean grabbed his pocket knife, and jammed it into the hinge to pop the window open. He jumped inside the house as quietly as he could, and the room he was in was empty, but the open door allowed him to glance into the dark passageway.
Dean turned away, hoping it would hide the tears lacing his eyes, and walked out the dining room. He knew by instinct almost, that Castiel was in his bedroom, but he couldn't find it in himself to face him. Castiel needed the space. Dean would apologize to him soon enough. Heck, he'd call him once he went home. But for now, he allowed Castiel his own time. Silently, Dean slipped out the front door, and climbed into the front seat of the Impala.
Dean nodded, although absently, as he reached down into his pocket and swiped through his phone, staring wistfully down at the picture of Castiel laughing. It didn't fail to put a smile on his face, and he rubbed a thumb over Castiel's face on the screen. If Benny was being honest, and then again, he had no reason to lie, had Castiel really— had Dean been too late? Was what Dean saw not all? Had there been something more? There had been quite a gap between Castiel's call and Dean finding Castiel on Friday, had things escalated quicker than he expected them to?
Dean couldn't bring the words to his lips. They lingered at the back of his throat, and yet, never surfaced. He trailed his eyes across the window, out where a soft breeze swayed a thin tree branch, and with it, a pair of swallows sitting on it flew away into the horizon.
An unexpected smile crept at Castiel's lips, and he nodded. Dean seemed mature then, with an odd, wise maturity Castiel never expected to see from Dean. They stood quiet for a moment, before Castiel turned away.
It was comical, if Dean was being honest, how quick Benny's face dropped, how his demeanor changed, and he straightened, staring straight at Dean, a contemplative expression on his face as he registered Dean's words in his mind.
"Okay, Bobby," Dean nodded. His eyes roamed across the mess of binders on his desk, before settling on a picture frame at the corner— it was John, Mary, Ellen and Bobby, along with Dean, who was simply two years old and sitting on Bobby's shoulders with a broad grin on his face.
"Fuck, that feels good," Castiel whined, and let out the smallest of breathy moans, knowing well there was a whole audience watching him. But boy if that didn't excite him. In his hazy, drunk, horny mind, Dean knew that some of the other men around them were rock hard, probably throbbing in their trousers at the show Castiel had put on.
But watching them. It was nice. It wasn't always that Sam got along with people Dean's age. Right as Dean thought to turn away and let Sam and Castiel speak alone, Sam caught him sneaking, and called him out. As expected, Castiel's eyes snapped over to him.
"It's not your fault. I asked you to leave, even when you didn't want to. It's not your fault," Castiel smiled, and though vaguely, it was reassuring. Dean swallowed nervously, and let his forehead rest against the top of Castiel's head.
Their eyes met, and Castiel watched as Dean waited for Castiel to speak, his face soft and expectant.
"Alright Dean, my son thinks you know more about cars— classic and general, than I do. And I can't let him think that. How about we go trivia and I can prove him wrong?"
But his self-esteem crumbled the moment he spotted Dean, sitting on the desk right behind Castiel. Castiel's smile vanished, replaced with a frown, and he trotted over to his desk, trying not to pay Dean any heed as he settled down with his books. Dean seemed to be engrossed with his own affairs though, as a girl, Lisa? Lisa Braden, maybe, sat in his lap, playing with his hair. Her uniform was unbuttoned at the top, giving a clear view of her huge, C-cupped tits, and Castiel smirked to himself. Whatever. He wasn't the one trying to hide a boner on Friday after looking at a twink in panties, was he now?
Silence settled between them for a while, with Castiel simply watching Dean, and Dean continuing to smoke, his eyes trailing across the picturesque scenery behind them. Trees, hill tops, and soft, foggy clouds.
have to suspend him," Castiel said. He felt like he was genuinely onto something; something that could work out if they put in some effort.
Castiel turned to Meg. Meg had gone pale and speechless, and her eyelashes fluttered nervously as she faltered backwards. Castiel reached out to grab her by the arm, and with a soft sigh, turned back to Mr. Singer, who had been observing them with keen, narrow eyes.
She stared at him, faltering for a second as she heard her own words thrown back at her. She glanced at the group for a moment, her wide eyes studying them with intent, before she sighed, and pulled out a notepad.
As quietly as he could, Castiel tiptoed his way up the flight of stairs leading to Dean's room. He was careful enough to not make a sound as he climbed up, only pausing when he had reached the door to Dean's bedroom. With a deep breath, Castiel clicked the door open in the slightest, and glanced inside for a glimpse of Dean. Dean, as Castiel discovered, lay on his side passively staring at a wall, awake but unmoving. He seemed too engrossed in his own thoughts, and Castiel felt guilty for ever letting things get to a point where Dean would be hurt. Castiel slipped into the room, and made sure to press back to the wall so as to not alert Dean.
. Meg would say something, and Anna would laugh like it was the funniest thing she'd ever heard. Meg would tie her hair up into a bun, and Anna would so conveniently lean forward to pull out a few strands of her hair, and then roam her eyes across Meg's face and mumble
Dean stared at Benny, eyes lighting up with enlightenment with each passing second as he let Benny's words soak into the depths of his mind.
Dean shifted for a moment, and Castiel watched as he struggled to do something with his hand, before holding out a plain, silver band ring. The one he always wore on his ring finger. On the few occasions Castiel had asked him about it, he'd said it was for opening beer bottles, but Castiel knew there had to be more to it.
, to stick a finger up the tight, sticky, heat of his hole, and Dean only wondered if it felt so good, how good it must be to look at. Desperate hands clawed the panties off of the boy's slender, smooth legs, and Dean hauled him up in his arms once again, this time pressing his legs up in the air, exposing his cute, tiny pink hole to the air, and Dean almost forgot how to breathe.
echoed through the room, rising above the music, the feeling of Alastair's skin rippling under Dean's knuckles and at once, Dean let out a strange, thrilled laugh.
"If this is the standard of brilliance at Sandover, I'm sorry but I might have to reconsider our partnership." Castiel twitched the corner of his lip in the slightest of a smirk. Dean gave a tight grin, trying to hide the fluster on his face, and nodded to himself.
"Dean?" He gasped, stumbling backwards. Dean cocked an eyebrow at his clothes, and his apple-green eyes lingered over Castiel's chest, before wandering back upwards. Something about Dean was strange though, he seemed angry, he seemed irritated, and the moment Dean barged into his house and shut the door behind, Castiel realised he was right. Dean was furious.
In his mind, Dean could see, clear as day, the moment from the day before, when he'd been watching Novak, and the moment he had leaned forward on his desk, the thin strap at the back of his panties had slipped between his ass.
NOTE: Sexual assault is implied in this chapter. Descriptions of violence— punching, blood, broken bones.
The loud scraping of a chair silenced both Dean and Naomi, who turned to the watch as Castiel rose to his feet, threw his napkin and spoon down on the table, and rubbed a hand across his face. His eyes were hooded, but the moment he looked up, Dean knew he had made a huge, epic mistake.
"Dean, Dean, Dean—" He started, cutting over whatever Dean had to say, trying to keep both of them calm, "-Meg isn't Alastair's girlfriend. She's his ex, okay? So don't call her that. And two, she's not a bully just because she hung out with Alastair.
With a mighty moan of Dean's name, and a hand squeezing Dean's, Castiel came in a splatter of thick white come all over Dean's desk. Dean pounded his cock deep inside Castiel, and at last, let himself come. He felt his own sticky, hot semen flood Castiel's ass, and stayed there for a while to make sure his seed wouldn't drip out. Castiel went limp on the table, before Dean pulled his cock out clean, and watched Castiel's asshole quiver with the need to be fucked
as he jumped out his seat and trailed after Castiel. If he had a tail, it would be wagging side to side in high spirits, and Castiel seemed to chuckle at his excitement. They let their belongings remain where they were (who would steal a Chemistry textbook? Castiel wouldn't be surprised if someone left their own for lease), and sneaked out of the library, into the emergency stairwell. Castiel climbed up the stairs, and Dean followed after him, until they were stepping onto the terrace. It seemed to be an unspoken acknowledgement between them to sit on the place they
Castiel squirmed, fingers digging into the wooden desk as his lips parted sensually, a breathless moan making its way out, and Dean draped his body over Castiel's as he pressed his lips to the younger man's. Between them, Dean's cock thrust inside Castiel with slick, squelching noises. But then Castiel's thighs were trembling, wrapping tight around Dean's waist, and before Dean knew it, he was being squeezed in Castiel's arms as Castiel whimpered with every thrust to his poor, unsuspecting prostate.
"It's the orgasm," Dean grinned, only for Castiel to push him away with a laugh. With a soft whine of Dean's name, Castiel came, painting Dean's desk white with his come, before slouching against Dean's chest. Dean pressed a trail of soft kisses against his jaw and cheek, up to his ear, which had Castiel blushing deep red, as he found his voice again.
"I'm here," Castiel said from almost a foot away. Gordon stepped forward, and though Castiel wanted to move back, his feet were rooted to the ground. "What did you want from me, Gordon."
Castiel's glassy eyes travelled across Dean's face, before wandering down to the space between them, and Dean leaned in to listen to Castiel speak in a soft, timid voice.
The air was seething with anger and fury, and Naomi banged a fork down on the table, her eyes wide and enraged. "Everything I have done, I have done for my child. And you are nobody to question me, I'm his mother—"
They rid themselves of their clothes between a frenzy of hands and limbs, until they were tied up once again, only this time, naked. Sure, Castiel had seen Dean naked before, they'd showered together, even went to third base, and Dean also had a habit of walking around bare-chested at Castiel's home. But the way he looked in that moment, submerged in arousal and greed— with his green eyes hooded, his lips parted and waiting, and his caramel-blonde hair wildly tousled— It was a sight to behold. The moment Dean had stripped, Castiel had found it hard to even tear his eyes away from his boyfriend's body for a moment. Thick, dense muscle every where you could possible see— a taut, defined stomach; strong, rigid biceps; toned thighs paired with lean calves, robust shoulders and back, but then again, beautiful as always, his thick, large cock that hung heavy between his thighs, almost waiting to be touched and worshipped.
"S'okay, Andrea and he are thinking about calling it quits anyway. She doesn't get him, man. My guy deserves better."
Somewhere in the muted distance, Castiel heard the door open, and behind him, he could vaguely hear the sound of Dean shouting, but he couldn't find it in himself to pay it any heed. Gordon and Dean were shouting behind his back, but he couldn't care, and before long, the touch of Gordon's hands had been replaced with the soothing, unmistakeable touch of Dean's hands. Weak-willed and helpless, Castiel gave into the touch, rubbing his hands across his face as he sobbed against Dean's chest.
Castiel stood on a step-ladder with his back to Dean, immersed in the thought of finding a particular book. His uniform was slightly rumpled, and his hair, a mess as always, and yet, Dean couldn't help but wonder about how absolutely
The Castiel from the past would have tossed his phone aside, slipped into his bed, and cried himself to sleep. He would have blamed himself, instead of taking responsibility, and he would have wallowed in his own misery, he would have been irrational, hoping Dean would call him first. He would not make a single effort to change the circumstances around him. But Dean had, in some unexplainable way, taught Castiel to be brave, taught him to go get what he wanted, and if it wasn't given to him, to snatch it. Dean may not have thought of him as a role model, but he was to Castiel. If Dean had been in Castiel's shoes, he would have driven out to Castiel's home to apologize, to pacify Castiel, to make it up to him.
They lost count of how long they kissed, how long they fucked, all Castiel knew was that his legs were aching, and his orgasm crept closer to the edge as Dean ferociously snapped his hips, eyes peering down into Castiel's with the intensity of a thousand suns.
"Dude, what are you talking about?" Dean snapped, and grabbed Castiel by the shoulder as he bridged the gap between them, eyes gazing at Castiel, their chests pressed flush against each other, and lips mere inches away. Castiel let out a soft, broken sob, and in an instant, he felt Dean's arms slide around his stomach, pulling him into a tight, crushing hug.
Castiel groaned, and pressed his palms into his eyes. "I was walking with Dean, we went to class, in class— I saw— I saw Gordon and Nick. Right. It had to be. Gordon and Nick."
"It was a good touch," He shrugged, and lifted his gaze up to meet Dean's once they reached the school gate. Castiel surprisingly wanted Dean to wait, to say something, but part of him knew Dean wouldn't want him that way.
"I know," Dean whispered, "-we're both trying to move on, Benny, Cas and I. I know you can't forget about it, but just—" A groan slipped past Dean's lips, "—Cas wants to be happy, okay? He wants to move on, he doesn't want to be treated like he's broken. And I hate myself, Benny, I really do, I hate that I couldn't get there on time, and no matter how many times I punch or even kill Alastair, it's not going to change what happened. We can just be thankful that it didn't get too out of hand."
conversation with Dean was strange, extremely weird, since Castiel had shown him his literal panties two days ago, but it felt warm nonetheless. Dean was good at keeping the conversation flowing, and Castiel was bouncing on his feet with each step, speaking to Dean with such fervour, as if Dean had hung the moon for him.
"You're so pretty, Cas," Dean hummed, and Castiel felt his thumbs dig into his flesh before Dean wrapped his lips around the tip.
"Well," Castiel cleared his throat, "-think of it as a committee, of sorts. Or a group, union, whatever you want."
"Mhm," Meg nodded, as she dipped a spoon into the tub of ice-cream in Castiel's hands, and licked it clean, "—our aim right now is to get Alastair and his gang suspended with a blacklisted record for their college admissions—"
Then, with a final glance at his father, who simply sent him a tight smile, Castiel creaked the door open, and stepped out into the cold night air. Outside, the world was dark, almost bleak, and Castiel trudged down the set of stairs. As he walked out into the empty, dark night— he felt strangely liberated.
"I'm fine," Castiel sighed, but there was another set of hands on his body, tugging at the top buttons of his button-up. It was Benny, who was trying to pop open Castiel's shirt.
"You're not mad at me, right?" Round, deep green eyes stared into Castiel's, pleading like a puppy, and Castiel couldn't help but smile.
"I realised then, that if I wanted to fit in, I was going to have to do something herculean to make a place for myself, even if it meant joining the wrong company." She continued, and it was then that he realised just
Silence followed Dean's words for a few seconds, before Bobby sucked in a breath, and his face flashed with regret.
It was strange to admit, but Castiel couldn't get enough of Dean's possessive side. It was the thrill of knowing Dean was ever-so-slightly obsessed with him, and that Castiel, to his credit, was somewhat obsessed with Dean too, that had Castiel's gut tightening with arousal. Dean didn't show it that often, at least not in front of Castiel himself, but the traces of it that bled into their conversations, they were enough to get Castiel's heart racing.
"I, I can't tell you how gorgeous your hole is, Cas, it's, it's beautiful— so much pinker than I remember, so much tighter,
Affection laced Bobby's words, and Dean smiled at the tone of concern, before grabbing his bag and rising off the seat.
Benny sighed, and in a split second, let go of Dean's hand. "Please, Dean, I know you're not thinking straight—"
Something seemed to deepen in Castiel's eyes, and his lip twitched, as if he wanted to say something. His eyebrows furrowed, and he rolled his tongue against his cheek, trying so desperately to hold himself back from saying something, doing something, and Dean wanted to know what Castiel had to say, but there was nothing he could do.
"You know," Dean started, his voice softer than ever, "-I came here on a scholarship. It was a fluke, actually. I never imagined getting into a prestigious, private school. I was doing fine at middle school. And I didn't have a lot of friends back there, but I didn't have anything to be scared of, y'know? So I studied. Kept my head down, got good grades, and my dad, he owns a junkyard, a garage where he fixes cars, that's it, and I didn't want to bother him with the money. But when I got here, when I
"Baby," Castiel mumbled, and slipped a hand across Dean's jaw, drawing Dean back to the present, "—you're thinking too hard. Stop it. Stop second-guessing things. They're going to love you. They're going to have to, because I love you, and you're my choice. It doesn't matter what they think, okay? They're just my parents, and when they realise I'm happy, they'll come around. They are a bit intimidating, but don't let it discourage you, alright Dean?"
Meg snapped her eyes up at Castiel, and a vague, somewhat uncertain smile pulled at the corner of her lips. Her gaze passed over him, before drifting out the window passively.
Before the thought of Dean could sour Castiel's mood, there was an arm sliding around his shoulder and pulling him close, and Castiel jerked around to find Benny, obviously wasted, smiling at him. "Novak, you came."
With his eyes locked on Alastair, Dean parted through the crowd, and slowly, with the gait of a panther preparing to pounce on its prey, he glided against the floor, and made his way over to where Alastair had pressed himself up against the girl, whose eyes darted around for someone to notice her discomfort. Dean wondered vaguely if the expression in her eyes had been in Cas's too when Alastair found him.
Benny was one of the guys at school Dean had no problem with. He stayed in his lane, helped Dean out, and threw the best parties at his parent's farmhouse on weekends. Dean had been to a couple, and everytime he'd ended up smash-faced on a couch.
Castiel passed himself a once-over in the window of his car, a sleek, black BMW M4, and sighed. He was dressed in a black turtle-neck, a grey trouser and a golden belt (his mother had good fashion taste. It was one of her recommendations). He ran a hand through his hair to muss it, and sent his driver one final glance before stepping out of the car. A few eyes raked over him, and moreso over his car, as he sauntered his way up to Benny's farmhouse, and walked in through the open front door.
? I mean, you've bullied a few people in your time, haven't you? What if they use that against you?"
A second later, Castiel snapped his eyes up to meet Dean's. "Wow." He mumbled, and ran a thin finger down Dean's chest. "You're looking fine."
Castiel had found the perfect book in the library for Dean. He had told Castiel once, that he was a fan of Vonnegut, and that he had been wanting to re-read Slaughterhouse Five, but back then, the book had been issued to someone else. It was a Friday, anyway, which meant Dean could finish the book over the weekend. The moment Castiel had found it sitting vacant at the issue counter, he'd used up his coupon to issue it for Dean. Dean would be so happy, Castiel thought, and made his way back to the classroom, where they had a recreational lecture to relax and let loose.
Mr. Singer faltered, and he was struggling to speak, when at once, he shut his eyes, and rubbed his hands over his face.
"I think that's when I fell in love with you, Cas. I just didn't know what it was for a long time. I wanted to hate you so bad, cause you were perfect. Perfect grades, perfect life, rich parents. But I didn't know you then, and maybe I still don't, but what I do know is that, hating you is hard, impossible even."
lost in his thoughts, because he never noticed the footsteps echoing on the floor, approaching closer and closer, until a hand reached down and snatched his workbook away, and Castiel snapped his wide, appalled eyes up at the person standing before him. And who would it be but Dean Winchester in the flesh?
Look, Castiel knew Dean had given Bobby an overview of what had happened, but he never expected him to reveal it down to it's detail. And if Bobby knew about the rape already, why hadn't he asked Castiel before? On Thursday or Friday? Why had he remained quiet and acted as if it didn't matter. Castiel knew Mr. Singer was one of his most respected teachers, and Mr. Singer himself knew that.
"At junior prom," She started, and Castiel's eyes snapped up to meet hers at the realisation of what she was getting into, "-Alastair, Gordon, and Nick—" Castiel could see it was taking her so much effort to say it out, "—they sexually assaulted me in my own bedroom. Last Friday, at Benny's house party, I realized what happened to Castiel, and I—" She sucked in a heavy breath, wiping away a few tears with her thumb, "—I wanted to make sure he was alright. That he wasn't as alone as I had been."
Castiel smiled, and leaned against the counter to wrap his arms around Dean's waist and bury his face into Dean's chest.
"Dean," Castiel gasped, but the words on his tongue vanished as Dean pulled him close, sliding his arms around Castiel's waist in what resembled a tight, crushing hug.
The curtains parted, and rushing through them came Mr. Singer, whose old, concerned eyes roamed across Castiel's face, before he trudged over to Castiel, and ran a hand down Castiel's hair. "How ya' feelin', son?"
Panic grappled every movement, every foot Dean took forward, as he reached out a hand, but paused before he could twist the door knob. He pressed his head against the door, praying he wouldn't hear what he expected to— praying somewhere in the back of his mind, that he wouldn't have to listen to the sound of—
, what the fuck was Dean supposed to do? He had let out a gasp already, and Castiel had realised that he'd seen it. It had been awkward as heck, and then there had been the fucking pen. Who owns a single pen in a huge fucking house? And
"Ah— ah— ah—" Castiel kept whining, but Dean didn't bother soothing him any longer as he felt his orgasm close in on him. Castiel's cocklet bounced against his stomach, bobbing with every thrust Dean made, until at last, Dean felt his gut tighten, and he came inside Castiel with a loud cry of
Dean drifted his eyes up to meet Bobby's wide, aghast eyes. His chapped lips were parted, and his shoulders had tensed. The colour in his face seemed to drain away with every passing second as he gaped at Dean, most likely hoping Dean would say something to numb the shock, but Dean stayed silent. There was nothing he could say.
"Look at the bright side, 'kay? And just so you know, I'll be reporting this to the authorities. Don't worry, I'll make sure the spotlight's on Alastair."
Mr. Singer smiled. "And thank you, Mr. Novak, for deciding to stand up to the injustice around you. Not a lot of people would be as brave as you are."
Instead, warm, tender hands cupped Dean's jaw, and Dean let his hands fall away from his face to find Castiel staring up at him, a soft, fond expression in his eyes, one Dean probably didn't deserve to be looked at with, and in that moment, Dean realised, having Castiel beside him had never soothed him before as much as it did then.
"That your sweet spot, baby? Bet no one's fucked it for you before. Bet that asshat of your boyfriend ain't ever made you feel so good."
Dean narrowed his eyes at Castiel, before flicking him in the head, and Castiel let out a soft, annoyed whine to which Dean laughed. As the song progressed, both Castiel and Dean bobbed their head in silence, and Castiel caught Dean muttering along the lyrics of the song to himself, eyes shut and face full of passion.
"Cas, I'm sorry," Dean tried, his words meek and sheepish much against his own volition, "—I'm sorry."
Alex sighed, set her notepad down on a desk next to Castiel's bed, and walked over to him. She pressed a hand over his head, and spoke to him gently. "A vasovagal syncope or, more commonly, a vasovagal attack, is when you have a sudden drop in heart rate or blood pressure, and you pass out. Usually, it has a trigger. And more often than not, it is a stress-induced trigger. So, can you tell me what you remember before you lost consciousness?"
"Yes, I do realise how insanely stupid and random it is for you. And yes, this is a conscious decision. And no, I haven't smoked anything."
. Honestly, the whole thing was cute as shit, and Dean couldn't wait for a moment longer as he followed after Castiel, and jumped into the mattress, grabbing Castiel by the waist and pulling him close.
"Who knows, Mr. Singer. People aren't exactly vocal about things like this. The only reason we're here is because we're angry. So angry. Angry that Alastair thought he had the right to violate us and our bodies, and angry, that we won't ever be able to live life with the same carelessness and blissful ignorance that we did with before. because now, our eyes will always be vigilant, and we'll be scared— to open up, scared of new people, and insecure about our bodies. Angry enough to
"I— I— fuck me, please— anything," Castiel gasped out, and Dean watched as he rolled his hips against the chair for friction. Every ounce of self-control seemed to fade away as Dean stepped around the chair to face the boy, and reached back to untie him. Their faces were an inch away, and Dean could clearly see the pink blush tinting the boy's face, the need in his thick, black pupils, as he licked his plump lips, and Dean muttered a resigning
"Have you ever done this before?" Dean asked softly, to which Castiel shook his head. He heard Dean chuckle, and a moment later, Dean was picking up the pace on his hand, squeezing gently and rubbing at the tips. Castiel was leaking, and
And in essence, he really was a whore. Dean had let some of his friends use him up at a get-together, and even after eight loads of come in his tight pussy and four down his throat, he had the nerve to say,
Castiel left the room with a smirk, and as offended as Dean might have been with Castiel's taunt, he couldn't help but smile.
Dean's eyes trailed over to the front bench, which was empty today, but was usually occupied by Cas, who would arrange his notebooks and textbooks lecture-wise, and his pens and pencils on the side. It was the tidiest desk in class, if you ask Dean. A few feet away, were three more empty desks— as they should have been. Alastair, Nick, and Gordon.
Castiel flushed pink at the memory of the words in his mind and with a silly laugh to himself, slipped into his house.
The lectures flew by, and soon enough, everyone was leaving. Everyone except Dean and Castiel. Castiel, the sly fox that he was, had conveniently managed to leave Michael's binder on a desk, which meant Michael would come back for it. And God, was Castiel excited to see his face when he caught them.
The door to the classroom swung open, and the rest of the class scampered back to their seats as their History teacher, Mr. Frank, walked into the classroom with his cold, rigid glare sweeping across the students. Alastair's hand on Castiel's jaw fell away, and Castiel brought his own hand up to soothe some of the pain as he watched Alastair click his tongue and leap off Castiel's desk.
Naomi stood, dumbstruck, before she widened her eyes, and followed after Castiel. "And what makes you think you're allowed to go? I want you in your room in three, don't you take a step forward, Castiel."
But the fighting, the arguing, the taunting, the comments— He couldn't take them anymore. It was his fault. He never should have brought Dean home. He should have never expected for his family to be normal again. Dean was right— Castiel was naive. So naive, that now, he had unwittingly pushed away the one person he needed the most. Strange enough was the fact that he couldn't feel sorry for his mother— no, she was a sly, capricious woman with more care for superficiality than honesty, so frankly, Castiel couldn't be bothered to give a rat's ass about her.
"It did. I bled for a few minutes, but not anymore. I got a check-up this morning, I just have to take some meds for muscle pain. And then there's Dean, he said I can't come to school for three days at least."
"That was fun. God, that was fun." Dean chuckled, and joined Castiel at his side as they walked out the classroom.
"Good night," Meg said, and now that Castiel noticed, it was quite dark outside, somewhere around seven in the evening. He smiled, and watched as she walked away and slipped into a black car standing at a corner. The car pulled onto the main street, and disappeared at the curve.
"You, I mean, why do you look like you've never studied before? It's easy, I've been telling you for the past fifteen minutes."
Castiel darted his eyes around the crowd, and shifted from one leg to the other, squeezing his bottle tightly in his hand before turning to glance at Dean, "-erm, Benny told me you were here already, I didn't—"
Perhaps it was why Castiel tried to seek Dean's refuge. Somewhere in his heart, he hoped Dean would stand up for him.
"I missed you so much," Cas pouted, his big, round blue princess eyes peering up into Dean's, and Dean almost fell in love with him once again, as he sat up, and pulled Castiel into a hug. He pressed his lips to Castiel's forehead, and let the younger boy bury himself in Dean's chest.
And so, for the second time in his life, Castiel Novak fell in love with Dean Winchester all over again.
"I was a nobody," Meg started, and both Dean and Castiel turned to her, "-in junior year, I found a group of friends, if you can even call them friends, that is, since all they wanted from me was my father's money. But you know, I was so desperate to keep them with me that I kept up with all of their wants. After a while, they realised that money could only get them so much, so they moved onto chasing boys. Each of them was dating someone popular in senior year, but I had no one. And then there was Alastair."
Alastair walked off with disgusting, deafening laugh, and all Dean could do was hang his head down in shame and regret.
to hurt— but Dean knew how big of a pervert Cas was. He fucking loved the pain, loved being used like a cheap whore.
"Hey, Cas, baby, it's okay, you're okay, it's fine, it's fine, you're fine, nothing's gonna' hurt you, sweetheart, hey, Cas," Dean's voice trembled, "—Cas—" And Castiel let his sobs fade away into the fabric of Dean's uniform. Silence spread all around them, until at last, a few moments later, Castiel rubbed his face against Dean's shirt, and turned his gaze up to meet Dean's. Dean's eyes were glassy and brimming with worry, and he wrapped an arm around Castiel to keep him close.
A wistful smile spread across Castiel's face before he turned back to browse through the books, "-so, what if I have?"
"Me? Suck up to you? Oh please, Dean," Castiel laughed, his eyes crinkling at the side, "-I have standards."
"I'm home, Cas," Dean whispered in his ear, and Castiel sent him a half-hearted smile, eyes still fixed on the screen in front of him where 3D knights were being butchered to death. Dean rolled his eyes and pulled away, considering showering, but his eyes dropped down to where the thin fabric of the panties had slipped between Castiel's ass. With a gulp, Dean tore his eyes away and sucked in a deep breath. Castiel was busy. He was playing a video game. Dean would have to keep the sex for later.
Thick, long fingers dipped between Castiel's taint to brush against the small, exquisite pink glass plug nestled inside his hole. He gasped when he felt it slide out, causing his hole to gape at the width of it, before tightening again. He was slick, sticky inside his hole from all the lube he'd poured in before. It was for Dean, all for Dean, anything for Dean, and Dean's sigh of relief was worth carrying around the wetness of the lube inside him all afternoon.
Castiel glanced behind, at the corner of the classroom, and found Dean staring at him. He sent Dean a smile, and mouthed
—" Castiel moaned around his cock, and Dean grabbed him by the back of his head, throwing a quick glance downwards to watch the heavenly sight of his large, fleshy fat cock slide between Castiel's swollen, shiny lips. And what was even sexier was the fact that Castiel kept rocking his body with each bobbing of his head. Damn it, Dean cursed, he shoulda' had a dildo for Castiel to fuck himself on. The man would look
excitement, as they kissed. Hot, wet, desperate— it was unlike Dean had ever seen Castiel before, and if he had time to think about something other than Cas, he'd probably think of how surprising it was to watch Castiel take the lead like this.
Dean's eyes gazed into Castiel's for a moment, before flickering down to his lips, and the next moment Castiel was pulling Dean down into a wild, frenzy kiss which had Dean yelping, before they both parted and broke out into a laugh. Dean let his head rest in Castiel's lap, and Castiel leaned back on the bed, hands tangled through Dean's hair.
"It's not wrong, y'know. It's very natural to fall in love with people. And I'm sure Novak isn't what he looks like. Like you, who would've thought bad boy Winchester would be blushing over a little gay nerd?"
, Castiel knew he'd crossed a line, but then Dean crouched down to grab the pen, and Castiel rocked down on the butt-plug, feeling an unexpected stream of fresh come drizzle down his thighs and underwear. He gasped at the moisture of it, before looking down to gouge Dean's reaction.
"Oh yeah? Well, you're doin' a shit job at tutoring me." Dean clicked his tongue, and shoved the book away. He didn't mean to pout, but somehow, it felt humiliating, not being as smart as Castiel, and he kept his eyes glued to the pillow under him. A weight settled against his shoulder, and Dean fluttered his eyes open to find Castiel laying face-first into the pillow beside him, so close their breaths almost mingled. Dean wanted to pull away, he really did, but it would have disturbed Castiel, and Cas looked serene, with his eyes shut and shallow breaths puffing in the air.
"You're perfect," Anna popped in, "—I mean, you're kind, you're bold, you're accepting, and people can open up to you since you've been a victim before. You're
"Why did you wait so long?" Castiel asked, cutting Dean off, and Dean stared at him, mouth hung open— utterly speechless.
Standing outside Principal Berry's door had to be the most agonizing, frightening and nervous five minutes of Castiel's life. Her front-desk receptionist, Tessa, had already asked them to settle down, since she'd informed the principal of their arrival. But she was in a meeting, and as the students had learnt from Tessa, Mrs. Berry wanted to run for mayor of Lawrence. It was surprising to learn that, but also, somehow to their advantage.
Absently, he reached out to graze his knuckles down the bruise on Dean's jaw. Castiel's own face stung with a few bruises.
Dean froze at that, his eyes going wide as he fumbled with his words, before looking his jaw and hanging his head down. Castiel tried to hold back another round of tears, but they fell anyway, pouring down Castiel's round cheeks.
Dean stood frozen, rooted to the ground, simply watching, listening— as Castiel sniffled and hiccuped, and cried into his hands.
After Saturday night, Castiel had stayed over at Dean's place. He had gone home on Sunday morning, packed a bag, and returned to Dean's place. Naomi hadn't spared him a single glance, pretending as if he were invisible, and Castiel had in turn, given her the same treatment. His father on the other hand, had tried to convince him to stay home, or to at least contact him from time to time, even though Michael had a conference to attend in Belgium for a week. True to his word, Michael had begun to become more involved in Castiel's life, texting him to check up on him, calling him every night and so. Castiel may not show it, but the fact that his father was taking such an effort really did warm his heart.
"Uhm," Dean faltered, "—Mr. Singer. He's a friend of my father, but he's more of a father to me than my real one has ever been. I talked to him about Alastair, and about Cas, he said getting Alastair officially suspended is hard, but if we have enough support and evidence, with a majority of students backing the allegation, the school won't have any other choice but to suspend them."
The coil in Castiel's gut snapped, and he felt himself come with a broken cry of Dean's name. It was so vulgar and erotic, Castiel couldn't believe it was his own voice, and the mere thought of it had him blushing to the tip of his ears. He went limp in Dean's arms, and Dean in turn, kept working at their cocks.
Kneeling against a wall, his black turtleneck torn from the shoulder down, and his grey trousers unbuckled and unzipped, was Castiel, with Alistair pressing his crotch into his face. Even from a distance Dean could see clearly, the exhausted helplessness spread across his pale, glowing face, which was stained with fresh, blue bruises at the cheekbones and at his jaw.
Thick, slender fingers threaded through Castiel's hair, simply brushing his scalp, and he felt his tears dampen the fabric of Dean's shirt.
The boy struggled, trying to squirm out of the ropes around his body, and Dean watched as the colour seeped from his face and tears welled at the rims of his large, round eyes. "Please let me go, mister," He sniffled, "-I swear, I'll listen to you—"
