There is a black violence edging the passion between them as their kisses turn more earnest, more urgent, trying to encompass everything they’ve just admitted to and the danger they’ve accepted into their future.
“And right now you’re willing to blow all that up without even giving Sherlock the chance to reciprocate your feelings?”
“Already?” John asks, as the ends of two curious tentacles slide up the backs of Sherlock’s thighs, questioning.
His eyes are thick with pupil when you pull away, dreamy and unfocused. You brush his brow with your mouth. Run it over his eyelids. His lashes. His temples. His cheeks. You take away all evidence of his tears.
“No,” John says, pulling his wandering thoughts back to the matter at hand. “It can’t. The Bede has a rule—”
John nods, licking chocolate off his thumb. “Neither of them could afford to move out after the divorce. They went into so much debt buying the damn place, and the last three times they tried to sell it, they got offers well below asking.”
“I said that that was the whole point of this type of relationship and you told me it wasn’t to you.”
Sherlock sags, the mug listing in his hand, his eyes glazed.
He is drowning.
“Tell you what?” A strafe of stones on John’s over-sensitized skin.
“It’s not ok.” John holds up his hands to prevent Ella from responding. “I know you’re going to tell me it’s normal. That it’s…just thoughts. But I feel sick. I feel wrong. He doesn’t feel things like that. He doesn’t want things like that. I shouldn’t…”
“You can’t tell me you don’t recognize him.”
“Come here.”
John’s chest tightens.
He stood at the bar, one foot propped on the copper bar that ran the length of the base. He was sipping from a crystal glass and chatting with the woman mixing the drinks. His back was turned slightly towards me and my eyes traced the silver vee at the nape of his neck and the outline of his familiar profile. As my gaze traveled lower, down his back and into the dip of his waist, I felt my heart beat, a slow heavy drum in my chest. My limbs felt gravid, saturated with desire, my blood a thick throb through my veins. As I made my way down the short flight of marble steps, my dress shoes clipping smartly against the floor, John turned and our eyes met with a snap. My stomach dove and my breath caught. He raised an eyebrow in question and I nodded. His pupils dilated, blue engulfed by black, and I felt, acutely, the lace whispering against my bare skin. Our gaze was laden with this secret and it flowed between us, a liquid current of intimacy and anticipation.
“Untie you?” Sherlock asks. “Absolutely not.”
“He…I love him. And he’s been honest with me about his recovery. But, I feel like if I make a wrong step, or, don’t give him what he needs, or if he gets bored with me, if I’m not enough, then he’ll, then he’ll,” John sucks shallowly at the air. The weight of it crashing down on him at once.
Fuck.
John lays his hand on Sherlock’s forearm, needing to touch him. “Thank you for telling me.”
I so hate to disappoint him.
When Sherlock doesn’t say anything else, John says, “I’m not saying that I don’t think you’re being sincere when you tell me that you love me. I’m just saying that there are ways for you to get what you need if you’re not getting that from me.”
John is panting now, his hands digging into Sherlock’s hips as he watches the tentacle that’s probing at Sherlock’s hard cock while Sherlock’s arse drips onto John’s belly.
John is the first to part his lips. The first to lick at the swell of Sherlock’s bottom lip, the first to capture it between his own and
“You know you didn’t actually answer my question,” John says, as Sherlock kisses him again and again.
Sherlock’s hair is still held in John’s hand, his neck arched, his arse bowed, his loud panting breathes filling the room with their ragged sound, the very picture of submission.
To accept those things and still somehow find the good?
Sherlock smiles and it makes John ache to see it. “Yes. It was.”
“They did. I’m an addict in recovery, that much is true.”
Sherlock’s breathing hitches and then rushes out against John’s neck as he pulls back.
You move back a little and he shifts his legs, toeing off his boots. You run your hands down the backs of his calves and roll his socks off. His feet flex, white against the floorboards, his toes curling instinctively at the cold shock of the wood. You touch the cool silk of his ankles. He undoes his belt, pops the button on his trousers. Slowly, his eyes locked on yours, he draws down his zip.
John doubles over, the air knocked out of his lungs.
Kiss.
“Open for me, John. Let me inside you.”
John licking the empty air beside Sherlock’s straining cock, the seething wave of sparks washing over his most sensitive skin.
When his fingertips are directly above John’s he lowers them, at the same treacly pace, until
“I will,” Sherlock said. He’d also need to talk to Tom about overreacting. Sherlock didn’t need 999 called every time he had a panic attack. Nor his entire network of friends.
Sherlock blinks. Comes forward. “We can stay.” Leans down. “If that’s what you want.”
Sherlock swallowed but the lump stayed stubbornly stuck. “I feel like I could be wearing a very similar warning label to yours, except that mine would read: no relationship experience, loner, troubled past.”
Head hung between his shoulders, his back dipped, arse presented to John, all of him bathed in cool marble winter light, but warm, warm beneath John's hands, warm and lush and willing
He looks up at John, his eyes bright.
John nods, pressing closer until his leg is slung over Sherlock’s hip and his cock is pressed into Sherlock’s belly. He winds his tongue around Sherlock’s fingers.
“I trust you.” John shakes his head, drops his chin, can’t look at him. “John.” Sherlock’s thumb urging John back up. “John, I’ve never felt anything like this before.”
“Proof of what?”
The duvet lifts and, glancing up, John meets Sherlock’s slit-eyed, sleepy gaze.
“You repeatedly made it clear that you were not attracted to men. Those were the facts and I never act without having all the data before me. I thought I had all the data. When I came back and you, thankfully, forgave me, I was content to just be with you. That was more than I ever expected to be granted. Why do you think I asked you to retire with me? Because I didn’t want to spend the rest of my life with you?”
You set the pit down into the basin and are sucking the juice from your fingers as you turn.
I leaned my elbows on the counter top. I bent my knees.
“So, from what I gather,” John says, “you fancy a bit of teasing first.”
Through his lashes.
“I want to fuck your mouth properly,” John says, moving a thumb over Sherlock’s already swollen lips. Sherlock can’t help but moan at this request. He wants it so badly he can’t speak. “How would you like that, Sherlock?”
“What did you have in mind?” Sherlock asks, leaning forward, bringing the carton just within John’s reach. John kisses him first, because he can’t help it. Slick tongues that taste of coconut and curry and strawberries and cream and then he nabs it.
“We’ll figure it out,” Sherlock murmured, looking up at John, as John tipped forward, nodding.
So John lets Sherlock pull his shirt off, lets Sherlock strip off his pyjamas and pants, lets Sherlock tumble them backwards onto John’s bed. Lets their bodies twine up together and kisses Sherlock, slowly.
“It doesn’t have to be sex you know,” he goes on, slowly. Picking his way. “We could just…kiss. We could go to bed. Watch telly? Or, or,” grasping at straws, “or tea?”
Stretching.
Sherlock looks up at him through his lashes. “I’m celibate, John. Not dead.”
At least LoveHoney uses discreet brown packaging with a return address label reading: LH Trading, Bath, BA1 3EN, UK. John stashes it underneath his desk, grateful for small mercies.
The water in the shower struck my skin like small stones. Icy pelts biting at my hot flesh.
John’s cheeks coloured, but he jerked his chin in a vehement nod. “I don’t want to hurt you, and I don’t want you to feel like I’m experimenting with you. Like I’m just trying to figure things out by being with you and I’ll discard you if it doesn’t suit me. I’ve thought it through. I wouldn’t do that to you if I wasn’t sure about what I was feeling for you. I know it’s going to require a lot of patience from you because I’m a total novice, but I want this.” He slid his hand across the table and touched the back of Sherlock’s knuckles, rubbing across them softly. The gentle touch rippled out through Sherlock, like a breeze ruffling across still water. “What do you want, Sherlock?”
Eventually the pipes quieted and with John safely ensconced in the tub I too hung up my coat, removed my shoes, gave Toby a rub behind his ears, and then climbed the stairs to perch on the toilet seat, the pill still clutched in my hand.
Sherlock finished chewing before answering. “I don’t know enough about it yet, but I gather that the naturalists believe we are creating more problems for the bees through our interventions than solutions.”
“Shall I just open it then?” He was short tempered. It had been a long day. I relented and inclined my head.
“Twice, sir,” Sherlock says, as they duck out into the hallway.
“And remember, you’re saving yourself for me tonight.” One more swipe of John’s thumb over Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock nods again.
“Permission granted,” John says, eyes tracking Sherlock as he eagerly arranges himself between John’s legs. John spreads them wider, heels dragging against the sheets, arching up to meet him as Sherlock cages his arms to either side of John’s head. His mouth is warm, his tongue pushing inside insistently. Uncharacteristic, in fact, John thinks, but then realises that they’ve switched positions again. Sherlock is John, John is Sherlock. John once more allows himself to sink into the role, giving up control. Melting into the mattress as Sherlock lays the length of his body against John’s, pinning him with his weight.
John lowers Sherlock back to the ground.
“That’s very good,” John says, kneeling on the mattress beside Sherlock and setting his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back. “Now, I want you to close your eyes and imagine you’re alone in your room with just my cock.”
“Turn over.”
Sherlock pulls back.
“Ok. Just.”
He slips another button through its hole.
The Sherlock pre-The Fall wouldn’t have been able to help himself. He would have been barely able to conceal his contempt. He would have cut Mary to the quick by now. Ruthless. Brutal. But something had shifted when Sherlock returned. He’s a bit…softer now. John finds it hard to explain. He can’t quite put his finger on it, but his friend changed while he was away. He’s a little more tolerant, a little more patient now. And it’s not all just for show, as it had been before, the crocodile tears just another tool wielded to get the information he wanted. It made John’s heart hurt to think of what had happened to Sherlock to make him get in touch with his more human side, but now, thinking of what they had been doing not an hour past, John is thankful for it as well.
“I’ll be right back.”
You never have been able to resist her.
He is about to go to bed with Sherlock.
John stands and extends a hand down to Sherlock. “Yes, that could get rather tedious as I plan to bugger you as often as is humanly possible.”
There.
(See the end of the chapter for
John puts his hands on Sherlock’s back, rubbing them up and down the long length.
“If you won’t do it for yourself, do it for Zoe. And Hayley.”
John presses his hands against Sherlock’s arse, pressing him slowly, slowly, closer.
John nods and they both grin. Giddy. John trails his hands over Sherlock’s hips to cup his arse and urge Sherlock close enough for John to kiss the freckles on his throat. He smells intoxicatingly good. John is momentarily grateful that Au Lit has a three drink max and no alcohol allowed in the hotel rooms. John could get drunk just on Sherlock alone.
Christ.
“Don’t worry about it. She’s quite bright,” Sherlock said.
Ella puts down her pen and folds her hands on top of her notebook. She waits.
1 bedsit in Marylebone rented, a few blocks away from where Sherlock had settled on Baker Street.
But he had built scaffolding so that he could climb out of those days. Resources he could tap. His therapist, his sponsor, his friends, his brother. There were his bees. There were chess matches with Ellen they played on their phones. There was the house and the Association. There were morning lie ins and spontaneous wanking, just because he felt like it.
“You’re angry about what that means. About what you’ve missed out on. It makes you second guess yourself and the relationships you’ve had. With Major Sholto for instance.”
John's back hits the door with a bang.
“While I’m entirely tempted to test out what I’m sure are your exceptional oral skills what I really want is for you to sit on my face. Now.”
feeling again and frantically you push it down and away.
John breathes.
When he sits back a few moments later his erection is standing out from his body, his chest and throat are a lovely sex-flushed red, and he has that look of intoxication in his eyes again, pupils dilated, his attention focused inward, as sensation spreads through him. John runs his thumb over the plush, dark pink head, drawing it around and around the soft velveteen of it, and Sherlock’s eyes slip shut, his chest heaving as he breathes.
“Sit.” He drew back the blanket and indicated the space between his legs. He was naked too, I saw, as I arranged myself, leaning my head against his shoulder.
“Great, thank you, she’d love that.” John ran a hand through his hair, making the strands stick up. He took a few steps away. “See you soon, then.”
John returns the look. Taking in the masculine beauty of Sherlock’s body. The fair hair that glints on his arms and chest, shading darker at his groin and down his legs. The curve of his muscles and the sinew of his tendons. The veins that stand out against the tender white skin on the inside of his wrists. His narrow feet, his slim thighs. The size of his hands, loose, hanging at his sides. Those long elegant fingers.
, and John wouldn’t have it any other way.
The tentacles that were holding Sherlock’s legs open unwind, giving him some movement, to thrust his hips up to meet John as he rises up Sherlock’s shaft so that Sherlock can bury himself once more inside him. John collapses down over him, his hands twining with Sherlock’s above his head, their foreheads pressed together as they pant together, breathless at the feeling of being joined.
“I promise,” Sherlock says and this time John lets himself get lost in the touch of his mouth.
John considers this.
John, overflowing with fondness, bites back a laugh as Sherlock finally shucks them into the corner, glaring at them.
don’t need to do anything.
Finally.
.” The desperation is still there and it confirms for John that it's the right call to slow things down a little.
And because the man is a bonafide genius, Sherlock’s slides two fingers inside and presses down on that tiny bundle of nerves and John bucks and comes.
John lowers himself slowly onto Sherlock’s lap. Awkward. His body disjointed. Like a puppet.
But, as I said, I was not at my best that evening.
“Because his dad just died and he’s having an estate sale.”
He leans forward until the crown prods the back of his throat and, gagging, John draws off, only to return to it a moment later, working it in and out.
The gondola passes through one of the cable towers and the car heaves and quivers, vibrating through John’s shoes into the soles of his feet. A few feet past the tower their movement is arrested, the car swinging high above the ground. It’s one of the highest points, John notes, nerves zinging as he takes in the long drop. There’s no snow to break a fall, only well manicured grass.
“You could,” John says, against them. Hushed. “Make yourself take this.” His tongue darts out to touch Sherlock’s fingertips. "You could, for instance, make sure it's nice and deep."
“I won’t be able to see you,” Sherlock rushes to explain. His cheeks still singed red.
Grounding.
They blaze.
“Then lets try something different,” John suggests, having expected Sherlock to respond this way. It’s a relief, almost, that he has. It confirms that John knows him better than he thought.
“To his UK operations, yes. Especially this factory in Liverpool.” Sherlock taps the only article of the three that had made the front page. “To the scope of his empire, however? It’s a drop in the bucket.”
“If you recall,” I said dryly, looking up at him, “I was the one who wanted to skip right to the good part.”
“I’m cold and I’m wet.”
“Just counting my riches.”
Sweet.
Utterly.
It’s a gut punch:
He wakes in the predawn light to snow gathered on the windowsill and Sherlock in his arms, snoring gently, the afghan pulled over them. John doesn't move, just lies in the stillness. The lights on the mantle glow, nestled in ever-green, reflected twice over in the mirror. John burrows his nose into Sherlock's hair, pulls him in.
Sherlock lifts himself up and away a moment later and John feels bereft. The cold air rushing in to prickle over his hot skin.
“But,” Sherlock says at last, stopping John in his tracks. “You’re not gay.”
Sherlock’s hands are locked in the sheets, knuckles straining, bone white on bone white. His head lifted off the pillow to watch.
There’s some shuffling at his back as Sherlock climbs inside, then the click of the door closing.
You lick long slick stripes over him. Nose buried in the sweaty crease of his body.
This chapter was supposed to be car sex. I wrestled with it valiantly for two weeks, trying so hard to make it work. It did not work. Then one morning I woke up and John told me what they wanted: a blow job. That, I said, I can do. Thank you for your patience and thank you to GWWG for her help brainstorming and for listening to me whine. Hopefully the next chapter will not fight me so hard. I expect that there will be three or four more chapters left in this and then an epilogue. Don't hold me to that as things tend to change and I don't always end up sticking to my outline, but as of right now that's where it sits. Thank you so much for reading. It means so much <3
John closes the remaining distance between them and covers Sherlock’s hand with both of his own.
Until Sherlock is panting and dragging John back and off once more.
“For a man of your moral turpitude, John, you certainly judge others rather harshly.”
“I can be better, sir.”
Relief like a cool stone in John’s mouth. “Do you promise to tell me if that ever changes?”
John nods.
, hung in wrought iron script on the wall behind the desk. The chandelier above them is white as well. Some kind of avant garde art piece in it’s own right and dripping crystals. Rainbows shimmer along the ceiling’s edge.
“Well, that’s unfair, that was information the man needed to know.”
He nodded, I could just see him in the corner of my eye, his body turned towards mine, one hand moving slowly down between my legs, the other bringing his wine glass calmly to his lips, his eyes fixed somewhere over my left shoulder. As if we were just having a casual conversation. As if he weren’t fondling the hem of the lingerie that he had bought for me at some point when I wasn’t looking the day before. That he had laid out for me beside my tuxedo on the bed with a bottle of almond oil next to it and a question mark written in black ink on a piece of hotel stationary.
Your thighs parted. Your knees bent. Your hands cupped my head.
Sherlock chewed his lip and thought about it. Thought about trying to start fresh with someone else.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Many people find pleasure in acting out scenarios where shame and humiliation are vehicles for experiencing those emotions in a controlled environment,” John said, choosing his words carefully with no implied judgment. “They are often a part of this type of d/s dynamic, but they don’t have to be. Where do you find pleasure in submission, Sherlock?”
Last night he had felt confident, a piece of his old self surfacing for the evening, allowing him to briefly embody the man he had once been, the one John had thought long dead to him.
And yet, upon closer inspection: the petal softness of his skin, smoothly shaven. The rich sheen of his hair, whorls of black, brown and auburn. The flicker-flash of his eyes, like a flare of sunlight off silvered fish scales, they dazzle.
I huffed, taking it as condescension. “Then what, pray tell, is it?”
“Is it meant to be a surprise?” John asks, a few moments later, when Sherlock is flushed for an entirely different reason.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth lifts as the toaster dings and two slices of bread pop up. As Sherlock scrapes butter over the toast John swallows thickly and says, as nonchalantly as he can manage, “I suppose you could sleep with me tonight.”
Sherlock shudders, shaking apart, as he spurts inside John’s body, filling him with hot, thick pumps of his come. John settles down flush against Sherlock’s hips with his eyes closed in bliss, hands spread on Sherlock’s chest, fingertips digging into Sherlock’s skin as he rocks, swirling Sherlock’s cock inside him, clearly relishing the feeling washing through him.
“John, I’m close. I need. I
As Sherlock arranges himself on the edge of the bed facing John, long legs folded beneath him, large hands resting lightly on his pale thighs, John walks to the dresser and fetches the almond oil and the salve.
“Oh, thank God, I thought—“
The prat is utterly self-possessed except for one eyebrow arching.
Noor was a natural beekeeper, someone who practiced a non-interventionist model of beekeeping without the use of chemical treatments, like miticides and antibiotics, and who used hives without premade, wax-coated, plastic comb, allowing the bees to make their own. Despite the fact that Noor didn’t agree with most of how the Fulworth Association practiced she still attended the meetings in order to gather information about the conditions of the local bee community so that she could bring it back to her smaller natural beekeepers association.
“I love watching it jiggle—”
John is mindless, hollowed out, numb.
John rests his forehead on Sherlock’s chest and Sherlock’s hands float up to cup the back of John’s head.
“Jesus.” John reaches for the ice cream.
He hadn’t stayed long, though he had been encouraged to do so by Rachel’s husband, Abraham, and their partner, Amira. The three were polyamorous and had been together for seven years. They had four housemates who lived in a room above the detached garage (Amitai and Ezra) and two who lived in the farmhouse (Viva and Ravi). There were two children as well, a three year old who seemed to be plagued with a perpetual snotty nose, and a baby who was often smiling gummily at him from over someone’s shoulder, strapped to the back of a housemate by some kind of intricate system involving what looked like a ludicrously long scarf, but Sherlock couldn’t ever figure out who they belonged to because they were cared for by the whole.
“How can I support you?” Ellen asked, slipping the towel through the handle of the oven door to dry. “I don’t want tonight to be completely ruined for you.”
He wonders if that person would have been able to take this in stride. He thinks about how oblivious he had been about his feelings for Sholto. How intense they had been, and how they had manifested themselves similarly to the way they had in his early relationship with Sherlock: unwavering loyalty, a deep abiding respect, and a sense of almost reverent awe. These men were the best and bravest and wisest men he had ever known, but no one but John seemed to see it. It had made him latch on with an even fiercer hold.
“Oh, but two weeks later was more sensible?” I countered.
Sherlock grappled with the wiggling black-and-gold piebald body as Quinn continued to lick him enthusiastically, her tongue managing to somehow enter almost every orifice on his face except for his eyes, which he kept squeezed shut against her attempts.
“You know that I’m absolutely pants at waiting,” I said. “There must be a loo or an alley…”
John bends his knees and kisses down, sucking a bit on Sherlock’s salty, scratchy balls, before sliding his open mouth down the underside of Sherlock’s cock to lick at where Sherlock’s sucking himself off. John kisses at Sherlock’s upper lip, tasting salt and musk, until Sherlock moans and shudders, shudders and moans, and then John moves back up the way he came. Worrying the blue ridge of Sherlock’s dorsal vein with his tongue before returning to lap at Sherlock’s hole.
John laughs, a burst of sound in the quiet of the room, and rolls over so that Sherlock can reach it. They roll back together a moment later, Sherlock’s wet hand between them, his leg slung over John’s hip. John shivers, his prick soft, oversensitive still.
In the rearview Sherlock nods.
“Bits and bobs indeed.”
“Your body will be releasing adrenaline, testosterone, phenylethylamine. All of which make your heart beat faster.”
His fingers slip behind Sherlock’s bollocks and John can feel it. Can feel the hard base of the plug through the thin material of Sherlock’s pants. It vibrates faintly against John’s fingertips. If he strains, he can just hear it: a deep, purring hum.
Bright summer sunshine and cool dew, slick under bare feet. Slipping into the shade of the plane trees as into a pond, chill and dark. Harry chasing him through the woods.
I was shaking by that point, my limbs could barely hold me up, and my cock was throbbing painfully, needing release.
Kiss.
Sherlock’s hands unclench a little as he says, resigned, “I suppose I might as well go down and see them. Mycroft is sending a car and may well have me forcibly removed from the premises if I resist.”
“John.”
You groan, far past the point of such practical, rational thought. But. It will buy you time, it will buy you some time to pull yourself together, stitch things up, stop the dissembling. “Yes. Tea.” You cover your face with your hands.
Let’s it boil off into the ether.
He tastes of flax and milk and just a hint of sugar.
Scrolling through the messages of condolence from other members in the association, Sherlock set his phone aside and leaned back in his seat, stretching his arms over his head. After laying another log on the fire he picked up his pen and began to set down an account of the previous day’s ordeal in his new notebook.
“Where?”
For an instant he can’t breathe.
“I know, Sherlock, look—“
When Sherlock flips it open inside is a gold ring.
John breaks away. Panting. Skin thrumming. His fingers tangled in a chaos of black curls.
Steam licks at them as they pass, silvery mist rising from the water, but it’s John’s scent curling in the back of Sherlock’s nose that sends a jolt of heat spiking through him.
Sometimes I woke up with it already clouding my brain.
The deep rock roll of his voice cleaves the silence in two, thunder rending it, reshaping it.
John, flabbergasted, stares at him with his mouth hanging open.
And now here they were.
John grips the base.
Sherlock's lashes drop, half shut. He shivers.
John is tangled up in who is who. All he knows is it feels incredible. He loves this. The ecstasy of sex, the headiness of connection.
“I love you too.”
Sets his hands to Sherlock’s arse, pulls his cheeks apart and helps him move.
“I think," Sherlock says, "I’m going to send your GP a thank you card.”
I don’t remember anything else about that evening.
The curtains at the window rustle as a breeze floats in and he shivers at it’s cool touch, his arms prickling with goosebumps.
“Oh godddd,”
“Such a sweet little cock whore,” John says, using phrases that might not have ever occurred to him had Sherlock not spilled that little secret the night before when they were discussing how it would go when the dildo was ready for pick up. That dirty talk drives him mad. The blushing list of words that worked the best. John has proof enough now, seeing as how he hadn’t even properly touched Sherlock and he had come in his pants at a bit of rough suggestion.
In the dark, Sherlock’s voice is amplified. A sonorous thunder rolling under John’s skin.
John nods, wincing slightly in acknowledgement of how disruptive his problem could be for someone who was going to be living in the same house as him. “‘Fraid so.” The coffee maker makes a gurgling sound behind him as he skirts the corners of the island to land in front of Sherlock. “I’m happy to buy you ear plugs or a fan or whatever you’d prefer so I don’t wake you up.”
comes
Air floods John’s mouth, a draught spilling down his throat, filling his chest.
“Must have been a good kiss,” John says, dropping his towel on the ground and lifting the covers as Sherlock rolls his eyes and murmurs something about the cleverness of poisoned lipstick. Something tugs, some inconsequential pop culture reference that flits away; John isn’t paying attention. He’s distracted by the feel of their skin sliding against each other. The way Sherlock rolls and pushes into him, the surge of his large, long, warm body as he rolls John halfway beneath him, and gasps slightly as John’s chilled legs tangle with his.
“No.”
Lestrade looks to John for help.
“Salt,” I said, licking my lips, sweat a thick brine on my tongue, as I closed my eyes against the sight of you licking beads of sweat from the springy coils that surrounded my spent cock, which was growing thicker by the second. Thinking to myself, she would have smelled like the breeze off a sunlit sea. “Wet,” I said out loud, “she would have been soaking,” and you groaned into my skin, opening your hot wet mouth on the flushed skin of my inner thigh as my legs fell wider, my hips hitching up, my hand digging in, pushing you down, down, until you sucked and sucked and sucked. Leaving me purple and throbbing, stinging all over; a twin to the one on my neck. Thinking,
John wants to reward him so he slides one hand into the cool curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck and cups his head. John hears the way Sherlock’s breath alters in that moment. He intentionally slows it, drawing air deep into his lungs. John watches Sherlock’s ribs expand, his belly fill. He lets it out in a slow, controlled rush. It tickles the ends of John’s beard. His breath smells of mint.
“Just put some duct tape on it and we’ll see about replacing the latch,” Zoe called to him, out of breath, a few moments later as she fell into her seat behind the table.
“Are you still cold?” Sherlock asks, a moment later.
John places the last log inside the fireplace and wipes his hands on his jeans. They smell of newsprint and pine sap. Resin and ink. He stands and watches as Sherlock shrugs of his shirt, letting it drop to the floor behind him.
Is he queer enough to be here?
It had cut John to his core.
“No, don’t feel like you—"
“Yes.”
John means to simply reach across him and open the door, but the heady green scent of Sherlock’s aftershave overwhelms John and he can’t resist sliding his other hand into the soft hair that curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck and tugging him down for a kiss.
John thumps his head against the mattress.
“I shouldn’t—“
“That’s a lot of pressure, isn’t it?”
John settles down between Sherlock’s legs, mirroring what Sherlock had done before, being careful not to get too close to any of his limbs.
“I have a sister, but she lives in London.”
“Fuck, Sherlock, stop. I—“
must be clear on his face because Sherlock’s mouth curves into his proud smile.
John should, he knows, lay aside the cookbooks, open his laptop, and start the search for a new job. He should narrow the field of places he could picture himself living and focus his efforts there. He should have, he knows, begun this process months ago.
…Sherlock starts to move.
Saying to Sherlock, with his hands sunk to his wrists in his curls, and licking into Sherlock’s mouth in between sentences, “Could take you anywhere, if you stay quiet like that, just like that, my boy, could bend you over the table and fuck you through conference calls, could put you on your hands and knees on top of my desk and eat you out with my door open at lunch time, when all and sundry could walk in and see my tongue in your arse. You know just what I need Sherlock, fuck, look at what just your hand is doing to me,” shuddering, panting, “It’s too bad you’re not my assistant anymore or I’d take you with me on this trip tonight. What would we do up there thousands of miles above the earth? Just you and me?”
“Don’t be ridiculous. How could you have known?”
Sherlock is looking at him expectantly. A look in his eyes that’s willing John to let it go.
Working his tongue on the underside of Sherlock’s cock as he leaks all over John’s tongue. It’s bitter, but John finds he doesn’t mind.
I nuzzled your cheek. “Holmes.”
“I used a shower cap,” Sherlock says, his eyes on John as John steps up in front of him, their toes just touching. “I washed it this morning and don’t like to wash it twice in one day if I can help it. It otherwise takes on truly massive proportions of frizz.”
Exhales.
You take a long draught and don’t think about how you don’t fit in.
Kissing the inside of John’s oil slick thighs as he spreads John’s legs wider. “You’re doing so well, John. You’re beautiful. You’re so perfect for me.” He’s out of breath, as breathless as John is, and John wonders if he’s hard. He wonders if Sherlock is making himself wait, if this is just another challenge, another facet of the game. Giving John what he wants, what he needs, while simultaneously taking what he wants, what he needs as well.
Sherlock blinks, eyes clearing, and nods.
Sherlock is gasping above him, his entire body blotched red with an incredible sex flush, his toes curled into the carpet.
is the puzzle you should solve. Not the other, equally spectacular one that will make him bumble out an excuse and then leave.
“There are quite a few ways to keep bees,” Sherlock said, answering John’s earlier question. “The woman I’m interested in talking to is a natural beekeeper, which means she practices a form of beekeeping that is very low on the human management and intrusion end of things. No chemicals, no wax frames. It lets the bees act as they would normally.”
“For fuck’s sake,” John said, under his breath as he stood and turned the light back on.
Panting, John fumbles at his side and, hands shaking, slicks up the drumstick. Before he can catalogue all the reasons why he shouldn’t, he arranges it, pressing the blunt end just against himself.
John keeps going. Broad, wet stripes up and down, just circling the rim as it pulses, just begging to be fucked.
Sherlock sets his bowl down on the counter. It rings brightly through the room.
“Sa’id, please take us back to the hotel,” John says, watching as Sherlock’s eyes widen.
1 home in Kensington sold to cover his lawyer’s bills.
John can hear Sherlock’s teeth grinding against each other as John turns his wrist.
John doesn’t touch him. Doesn’t want to coerce him. He lets his confession be enough. It’s up to Sherlock now.
Sherlock spread out the dying embers in the fireplace and cleared his things to the sink, which was now full. Resigned, Sherlock filled it with warm, soapy water and set to scrubbing them clean, knowing that it would make tomorrow easier if he did this small chore now. A light came on in the house on the hill. The bandage around his finger was loosening in the water and the heat stung his exposed nail bed. He would need to change the plaster before he went to bed. His thoughts turned easily to John Watson. The crisp, clean-cut appearance, the dark blue eyes, the side swept smile, the efficient, capable way he had seen to Sherlock’s finger, the comfortable, natural ease with which they had spoken. The feel of his hand holding Sherlock’s. He thought about Sunday as he dried the plates and teacups and put them away. He thought about what he would show Charlie. He thought about his personal hives and how he had come to love them. How he woke up each day to greet them, how he met them in the lane when he went for walks, how attuned he had become to their sounds, their patterns, their lives. He would give the Watsons honey from his home hives, he decided as he climbed the stairs to bed, imagining the precocious girl in the yellow wellies and the blonde doctor in his buttoned up shirt.
John smiles and opens his eyes.
“I’d like to understand what you like about this sort of scene. It helps me to know what to focus on. Is it the pain? The punishment?” John rubs his fingers against Sherlock’s scalp, watches the boy’s dark lashes flutter, enjoying the sensation.
“John!” Sherlock’s face lights up as he hops down from his perch with all the grace of a gangly giraffe. John adores him.
“Marvelous,” John says, “I love watching you touch yourself.”
But there was nothing for it.
“We’re going to split you into two teams.” John makes a cutting motion with his hand, indicating a line being drawn down the center of the room.
. To do the very obvious reckless thing, the urgent thing, the irresponsible thing. To want Sherlock so badly that he couldn’t wait, couldn’t hold it in one moment more because he felt like bottled lightning too. It was hard not to let the heightened elation of his physical response to John override his logical assessment, which told him that John was right and it was best to go slow. What if John thought it through and decided he wasn’t bisexual? What if he figured out that the attraction to Sherlock wasn’t sexual, that it was only platonic? What if the timing was all wrong? John had a lot going on; an identity crisis might not fit into his life at the moment.
For a moment John just looks at him, lets his eyes roam hungrily over Sherlock’s blushing skin. Sherlock is gleaming, slippery with sweat and steam, the salt from the pool drying tight and sticky on his legs. John reaches down and wraps his hand around Sherlock’s cock, stroking him lazily, his other hand fondling his bollocks which have drawn up, two hot stones against Sherlock’s body. He’s testing to see how close Sherlock is. Sherlock bows up into the proprietary touch, letting a soft plaintive sound slip from his lips, which makes John’s eyes flick up to meet his. It is imperative that John’s body receive the most of Sherlock’s come and the first round will be the most important, when Sherlock’s seed will be the most potent and the most plentiful.
“That’s an offensive stereotype, Zoe,” Sherlock said dryly. “Not all gay men have close relationships with their mothers. He’s found a home nurse for her. She starts next week. I’ve also offered to help out if he’s ever short handed.”
Look at him!
Sherlock is at a loss. This man is confounding. “How? How can that be true? You asked me—”
“You’re making a proper mess of my trousers,” John says, pleased, and watches as Sherlock drops his head down to see, moaning, breathing hard, as he paints his pleasure across John’s thighs. “What will Nora have to say when I give them to her to be cleaned? What do you suppose they’re saying about you up in the front there? You, screaming like a tart, being spanked like a naughty school boy?”
“Go on then. What would you like it to be? It can be anything that will come easy to you. Something silly or a colour—”
“I need a shower,” John says, ruefully, sitting back on his heels and looking down at the state of his clothes. Most of the mess has been transferred to the front of John’s shirt. “I’ve been at work all day. I need a wash.”
“John, before you go, would you be a dove and make sure I’m signed out of this bloody thing?” Mrs. Patterson asks sweetly. “Peter was doing god knows what and some bloke was out hacking around and now it takes over our search screen every time we turn the thing on. I don’t want to have to change my password again.”
By the time John is naked and swinging up to join Sherlock, the urgent red blush that had broken out up Sherlock’s chest and neck and face had faded to a pale pink and his cock had softened somewhat. John lies down on his side, head propped up on one hand, and rolls the rest of himself into Sherlock, drawing Sherlock’s right knee over his hip so that he can push them flush together, close.
“I don’t think I can live like that. It feels like a violation.”
“You do. You’re so good to me, John.”
“I want to see how you touch yourself.”
John raised a hand in farewell and dashed towards the trees, shoulders hunched up against his ears, rain pelting his back.
He’s clearly undone. John watches as any and all barriers that existed between them in this new space they are exploring together are obliterated in one blow.
“I like it, you know,” John says slowly. Now, he’s the one choosing his words. “I like…
As if.
“No. It’s fine,” Sherlock says, and the deep rumble of his voice that fills the cab still sometimes takes John by surprise. It resonates in John’s chest, a faint echoing reverberation. John likes the way it makes him feel, the rock rough scrape of it along his senses, making him clench inside, making him aroused.
Sherlock is blur of black against the ceiling, his hair a wild fraying halo around his thin white face which is drawn and grim and it breaks John to see it, he can almost hear his heart snap in two, as Sherlock says, again, coldly, “Get up.”
You bend and set your mouth there again, sucking at the tender brand, and he moans and fists his hand into the sheets. Your name an exultation on his tongue.
“I understand that you acted based on the knowledge you had at the time,” Sherlock said. “I understand that as someone who almost died of an overdose people don’t trust that I won’t do the same thing again. That is certainly the case with my brother.” Tom made an encouraging sound over the line and Sherlock pushed forward. “But in the two years that we’ve been working together I feel like we’ve established that my overdose, while surely a symptom of my emotional turmoil, was in fact not intentional, it was accidental. And that I have never, over those two years, expressed suicidal ideation, nor that I have a plan or means at hand. I think this is the piece that makes me feel betrayed by you, Tom. You acted on an assumption of what an addict going through a mental health crisis might do, instead of really reflecting on whether or not I had ever given you signs that that is the choice I would make and so you acted to strip my power of choice from me.”
“Missed opportunity,” John commiserates.
Sherlock’s demand, his voice laced with desperation, fires an instinct in John and he does a quick check-in, his gaze scanning Sherlock for signs of distress.
Sherlock’s right of course, their mouths do taste awful.
He hears, as if from afar, Sherlock’s door open and close. The crunch of stone. The squelch of mud. The air pours in, cold and shocking, over John’s body when Sherlock opens the door.
Sherlock collapses against John, his arm heavy around John’s waist, his nose tucked in against John’s neck.
God, John loves a lazy morning shag.
Pulling him up.
If John looked over his shoulder right now he would see himself: naked and sitting in the lap of a man with that man’s hands all over him.
“He will hunt me. He will not let me live. Do you understand?” Sherlock leans forward, his hands curled around his knees, his knuckles white. “If you do not sign this deal, if he does not get what he wants, I will be dead.”
Planning a trip down to Sussex to see the home that they would eventually spend the rest of their lives in.
“It’s not that I don’t trust you,” Mycroft said eventually. He tried to clear the wobble, but it persisted. “It’s that I cannot lose you.”
He tugs on that loose string.
Sherlock found himself studying her surreptitiously, looking for signs that he might have missed before, but then chastising himself for the scrutiny. It didn’t matter did it? No. Intellectually and empathetically he knew that this new information didn’t change anything about her, but he still found himself curious. But he didn't want to be curious at the same time. It didn't feel respectful, it felt voyueristic or something. Sherlock tried to dispel the feeling of discomfort by just accepting it.
Sherlock keeps talking, his voice deep and scratchy in John’s ear. “It makes me think about kneeling for you. To give you my mouth. My arse. I think about all the places I could take it out and sit on it. A movie theatre. A park bench. A bridge with our coats to hide us. Oh, Daddy, think about how I could bounce on it in an empty Tube car. Think how you could tie me up and make me come on it. I think about it. I think about it all the time.”
The moment feels delicate. As if one wrong move could shatter it.
“Thank you,” John says, as Sherlock knits his brow.
Soft.
When Sherlock set down the mug of tea in front of John, taking the seat across from him, John fingered the handle, tracing the grain of the wood tabletop with the fingers of his other hand. Sherlock waited, as the clangour inside him grew louder.
You watched me.
John huffs out a laugh, because that’s what the situation seems to call for: relief of some kind.
It has made a tumultuous mess of his thoughts. What does he trust? Does he trust his impulse to put his faith in John? To lean on him? To join with him in this struggle even though John has no vested interest in doing so? Suppose he was to do as John suggested and they faced M together? What if John eventually decided that the stakes were too high and deserted Sherlock or betrayed him? Or, on the flip side, what if John did follow through and was used against Sherlock? Or was harmed in the execution of whatever plan they came up with?
His blood an ocean in his ears. A tidal roar.
He wants to get in that backseat and do whatever kinky thing that Sherlock has dreamed up.
He licks his lips again, like he’s thinking of it too, and your heart begins to pound against your ribs. He steps down beside you and turns to face the direction you pointed. You miss the feel of his hand on your body. “Do we need a cab?” he asks, as you take a moment to appreciate the cut of his figure in the clean lines of his uniform. The epaulets on his shoulders, the caduceus flashing on his beret, his boots gleaming, glossy jet in the puddle of lamplight on the pavement as he pivots to face you.
I didn’t tarry long in the bath. I washed and then shaved carefully, wanting to look my best for him. When I finally made my way out into the bedroom and saw just what he had “laid out” for me on the bed, I felt instant remorse at having so unfairly misjudged him. He had planned everything to the last detail.
Nuzzling his nose into the slippery seam as Sherlock spreads his legs as wide as they will go, his toes splayed under John’s thighs, curling, kneading. Blind, John sets the ice cream down on the ledge and pulls Sherlock open with both hands.
Your heart.
John finds that he thoroughly enjoys him nonplussed. The way he blushes. The way his eyes sharpen and gleam as he picks apart a problem, trying to understand.
“John.” He sounds shattered, voice like the strafe of rocks whet against each other rolling through the room.
Zoe nodded, shading her hazel eyes with her hand to look up at him. “All right, well come on down to the house when you’re done. I’ll make you some lunch.”
As John complies Sherlock gets the lube out off the bedside table. He clicks on the light. John hears the drawer open and close and something heavy hits the mattress behind him. John prickles, hair standing on end. He wonders what the toy looks like. What it will feel like to have it inside him, fucking him in time to Sherlock’s gift.
“And I said no.”
It goes on for a full minute, John thinks.
Did it take two years apart to crack them open? To turn them inside out? Did they have to hit bottom in order to see each other properly? To set aside all the notions of who they were and what they did and what was allowed for them to ask for and start again? Is that what growing up was? To have the sense to put yourself back together in a truer way than before you were broken?
In a flash he is on his back, pressed down into the mattress with Sherlock sitting astride his thighs, looking smug.
“And you solved a big case, did you?” John asked, still looking confused.
In advance: I'm sorry.
“John, I know you love him. But you’ll never be able to “cure” him with your love.”
It had seemed impossible that he would ever be able to forgive Sherlock for leaving him behind. Sherlock being alive was almost as devastating as his death had been.
“I look forward to it,” Sherlock said, laughing softly.
He can feel Sherlock behind him. His presence, his body heat, tingling along John’s spine, making the hair on his head stand on end.
“Please. Oh, God.”
not wrong, Sherlock. It just...it is what it is. We’ll get through it. We always do. What would help?” he asks, winding his arms around him. Sherlock bends down and rests his forehead against John’s.
Giddy champagne notes flit through the room.
“No.”
And John remembers the shame and humiliation that had come with it. The way he had wanted to separate himself from that John in the mirror.
“What are you reading?”
. (Ridiculous, redact, redact)
Soft.
“Yeah.”
He stared at it for a moment and then shook his head wearily.
And it slowly dawns on John why the Novartis deal was too good to be true. Irene watches it hit him, watches his lips thin, the muscle in his cheek bunch as he clenches his teeth, and her smirk grows into a smile.
“No, it’s not—”
“John—“
When he has reached John’s coccyx Sherlock turns his head and rests his cheek on the swell of John’s arse.
“It must feel complicated to be here then.”
“Irene will be angry,” Sherlock says. “As will your board. They want this too.”
“Hallo, you two,” Penny said, coming up beside Evan and slipping her arm through the crook of their elbow. “I was just telling Ellen that we’ll have to host next time.”
Their smiles bump when Sherlock leans down again. John’s blood bubbles, light, airy. Happy.
Sharply, “I’d need your word on that.”
“You’re so calm. How are you?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, so after a minute John turns him around.
He wants Sherlock.
He slid his arms beneath my shoulders and buried his face in my neck. I wrapped my legs around his waist and rocked him into me.
John licks him messy for a bit. Enjoying how much Sherlock loves this act, how he pushes back onto John’s tongue, the sounds he makes as he’s entirely lost to the pleasure suffusing him, how he begs and trembles. Soon though, John notices how Sherlock’s knees are buckling, how he’s struggling to hold himself up, and John, thankful for his foresight, works the plug back inside Sherlock’s body and then stumbles back into the chair he had dragged over and orders Sherlock to sit in his lap.
“Send them to me.”
The back of John’s throat is hot.
A pause.
"Do you know what it does to me when you tackle a gunman who is bent on my imminent demise?" Sherlock says, gravelly and low, into John's ear, stones scraping against each other, scraping up John's spine,
Yes, I think I’ll remember those too.
He is bent in half, feet hooked over the sofa’s armrest, providing leverage, as he rocks himself in and out of his own lips.
Hot lush skin opens around him as he licks. John’s body flowing down onto Sherlock’s tongue, opening, splitting, plum pink folds swelling with the beat of blood, as Sherlock pushes the tip inside.
The house before them, windows glowing.
“I’m sure it’s going to be wonderful,” John soothes, resisting the urge to move and adjust the way the toy is lying inside him.
Is that…is Sherlock Holmes
“I was thinking about last night.”
Numbing.
A muscle bunches in Sherlock’s cheek, but he nods, understanding.
With his other hand, John smoothes over the globe of Sherlock’s buttock and reaches beneath. Taking a hold of the base of the plug, John tugs.
want to feel it tonight.
“Show me,” he says. “Show me how.” So you draw his mouth to your ear and he rakes his teeth over the edge, sending sizzling shocks of euphoria skating down your spine, and then, brilliant man, sucks the lobe between his lips. The sandpaper rasp of his breath overwhelms you.
“Are we going to talk about—“
When their eyes connect it’s like John’s been plugged into a socket. It sears him, burning through him, hot and fierce. It feels like Sherlock can see every intricate part of him. Under a microscope, all his secrets laid bare. He wants to close his eyes in sheer self-preservation but he finds that he can’t, that he wants Sherlock to know him. To see him.
When he pulls back, Sherlock looks drunk, that edge of orgasm drunk look that John knows well. He’s probably sporting it too. Where the promise of bliss is so close and you’re desperately trying to make it last, trying to draw it out a little longer because you know it’ll be just that much better if you do. But God, it’s hard isn’t it? To make yourself wait? Because Sherlock is just as hard as John is. In fact he’s been leaking a bit, which means he wasn’t kidding, he was close to coming, just with John’s cock rubbing him up a little, just with John’s mouth on his mouth.
He feels it again, as if it were the first time, the breach and the sudden fullness, the way his body draws the drumstick inside, so eager, so
, who helped me wrangle this chapter into shape.
He picks up Chinese take-away on the way home, but still manages to arrive forty minutes before he’s supposed to. Sherlock’s in the shower.
Sherlock at his utmost need.
“Yeah.”
“So you treated it like a job?”
“No wonder we’re so perfectly matched then,” he said, smirking down into my own lap where beneath my flies my cock was achingly hard and rubbing against the lace knickers, leaving sticky streaks of pre-come behind. With a quick glance around I slipped my hand beneath the table and did up my zip.
Every time they hailed a cab or ordered an Uber. Every time they got cheap takeaway. Every time John’s pager went off and he was called into the surgery where he worked a few shifts every week as a GP and where he covered on-call duties when those with families couldn’t make it in (his medical license being possibly the one thing left intact in the aftermath). Every time John’s mother called to ask him if he needed any money, him having taken the hit to atone for his father’s sins and leaving his mother with her inheritance untouched.
“Happy Christmas,” Sherlock says, with one last string of kisses that lead up from the corner of John’s mouth to his ear.
As I continue to write my slow burn fic, over at
“I got the Massaman and the green. No peppers.” John is talking for lack of anything better to do. They both know it. They’re both grinning like complete idiots. But that’s all right. It feels like they just got fucking married under the apple trees on a perfectly ordinary Friday in September with only the downs and the channel and the wheeling seabirds as their witnesses. “And the soup you like, the coconut with the mushrooms,” John babbles as Sherlock comes around the fence. He feels like all the blood in his body has surged to the surface. It churns to bubbles, fizzy and light.
Clearing his mug and plate to the sink and adding them to the small pile of last night’s dinner dishes, which he would (probably) wash later, Sherlock poured the remainder of the coffee pot into his thermos, added a few scoops of sugar, and packed a cheese sandwich and an apple for lunch.
“Noor, did you have an objection you’d like to share?” Vivica asked, now that the motion had successfully passed.
They’ll be ok, John thinks, as he packs the car.
A breeze rolls in off the coast in the distance, ruffling the grass on the hillside and John’s gold and sterling fringe with its fingers. It is fragrant with the scent of apple blossoms, creamy and lemony bright. I breathe it greedily.
John’s quiet hands on Sherlock’s urgent flesh.
“We don’t have to do it if you don’t want to.”
“It’s Sherlock.”
“I am not proposing that you leave. I am proposing that it would be safer for us both if we moved to London. Two women housing together in the city is far less conspicuous than two women co-habitating in the country.”
Considering Sherlock’s shift doesn’t start until 3pm John supposes he would do the same in Sherlock’s position. John’s, however, starts at 11am. If he wants to get to the shops and back in time he needs to leave now.
“Hello, Angel,” Sherlock greets the bartender first, raising his voice to be heard over the music, before turning to face John.
And it was.
“And now?”
He didn’t think it could get any more ridiculous, but he’s wrong.
The ride passes in a blur of shifting shadows across John’s face.
“John!” Molly exclaims when John walks through the lab door, flashing John her sunniest smile. John almost takes a step back as the force of it hits him.
By the time Sherlock asks him to turn over John feels awake again. His body alive with sensation.
But obey?
John hesitates for a moment, perplexed by the request, but then complies, sitting crosslegged on the bed, his back to the fireplace. The heat pulses against his skin and his front feels cold in contrast. He rubs at his arms as Sherlock moves to sitting across from him.
The universe had tilted in that moment. It turned out, that after all this time, John didn’t really know himself at all.
“All this fuss with the Yard,” Moriarty scoffs. “Well, you’ve got my attention.”
“Nothing.” John laughs. Unsteady. “I…at first it…it just…
There’s a bang outside, someone has dropped something, and John jumps, his eyes skittering to the door, every muscle tensed. Endorphins cascade through him, adrenaline spiking, the thrill of being caught, the dread of being caught, the exciting illicitness of the act itself, John is buzzing with it all. John thinks about stopping, about stepping back, letting the commotion in the hall move on.
“I think it’s important for you to know that I’m in recovery for drug addiction,” Sherlock said. “After the detective I told you about was killed, what had been my recreational cocaine habit, turned into something much more serious.”
“On your back,” John says, as he pushes up to unhook the dildo from the headboard.
“Yes, go on then.”
“Because it’s not…” I held up my hands in frustration. “It’s not advancing the cause of anything! It’s not productive, it’s not…”
“Promise.”
“No, I think not,” I manage, somehow, to say, as his sprightly fingers make short work of the buttons on my jeans.
John’s confession.
“Yeah, if you’re lucky,” John grumbles, crossing his arms over his chest.
He is outrageous when his temper is up. But I deserved it.
Feels the cinch around his chest loosen a notch as a familiar ache starts to build at the tops of his legs.
He was not reading it. Instead he was staring at our rug, his eyes shuttered to me, a fan of golden lashes shading his cheek.
Maybe they should offer a class on that too.
I cannot describe the look on his face when he finally saw me, naked but for the pair of high-waisted black lacy underwear that he had picked out for me.
“While it’s true that privilege has allowed me a certain amount of recklessness without consequence in my life, you are assuming that the pleasures I seek are ones with high price tags or lengthy prison sentences attached. Yes, cocaine is exhilarating, but so is an orgasm, or a pastry, or a simple cup of tea at the end of a long day. I look at you and see a man in the pursuit of exactly what I’m looking for: the joy in life.” He gestures around the room. “A fire, a cookbook, your mug of tea. All of these things give you something, yes?”
When he pulls away Sherlock’s skin is shiny and soaked and flushed with blood. He watches as Sherlock’s swollen rim pulses slightly and John reaches out to touch it. Sherlock jerks forward, as if electrified, and John puts a steadying hand on his lower back. “All right?”
Sherlock’s solar plexus constricts, punching the air from his lungs. He remembers, suddenly, that night...
“I didn’t expect it to lead to this. I have always been extremely careful that the boundaries are clearly drawn and respected.”
Heels dug into the leather, knees spread wantonly, on display, John adjusts them, positioning them against his opening.
Over and over.
Upon inspection there was Carrot, sitting on the brick patio out back, an intent stillness, green eyes unblinking, a warm tangerine glow amid the pale mist.
We come to the end of the road... and it's fitting to end it where it all started, inspired by a cracky post I saw on Tumblr. I hope starrysummer-nights doesn't mind that I appropriated their head canon too much. If you want a little preview (and didn't get that from the tags hehe)
The very tops of his thighs are taut and covered in fine, downy blonde hairs that slip silky soft beneath your palms. It makes you think of magnolia buds, furred and turgid, in your French grandmother’s springtime garden.
One slow flick of his tongue.
John makes a deep, growling noise in the back of his throat and pushes up onto his hands over Sherlock, looking down between them.
“Want me to show you something else?”
And when their stomachs begin to groan they wrap up in their robes and heat up the Chinese. John assiduously ignores the way Sherlock crunches the pig's knuckles between his teeth. They pass the cartons back and forth between them, stealing bites from chopsticks as they flirt and joke and rib. After, Sherlock rubs John's feet as he googles possible poisons and John nods off to the telly.
“Dearest, why do you want to burn it?” His question was quite earnest and so I allowed myself to sink down onto my backside, holding the book in my lap.
John’s hand
John rubs his hand over the back of his head.
Sherlock dipped and bobbed, imitating the motion of the bees’ flight. The feral, erotic joy of it, moving from flower to flower, dipping their probosci into the sticky wells of nectar and drawing up the sweetness. Rooting about on their bellies both gathering and depositing pollen from the anther to the stigma, aiding the plants’ mating ritual.
John runs his hand down from his back to cup his cheek, but that’s all.
He scoots up John’s chest, leaving a hot sticky path on John’s abdomen, and stuffs his cock into John’s slack mouth.
“A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Holmes.”
“That,” Sherlock says, pushing himself up, so that John is now sitting in his lap. Sherlock’s arms winding around him, his hands cupping John’s shoulder blades. “All of that. I want that. That’s. Good.”
“All right, you’re off the hook for now.”
Sherlock gasps and trembles. His hands opening and closing on John’s hips. Squeezing.
“Is red all right?” John asks, the bottle hovering over one of the glasses.
Longing purls through him, sweet and warm. The feeling melts down the backs of his thighs to loosen his knees. When Sherlock moves back to pull in a breath John follows, licking at Sherlock's top lip, and then, between.
, John thinks. Lips touching softly as fingers slip over buttons and cotton and wool. Caught and tangled together. Shirts forgotten for richer pastures, sifting through silvered tawny strands and velvet night-black curls. Threading. Cradling. Cupping. Gripping. Holding.
Rubs.
John’s eyes were closed, his head hung forward. “Mum, it’s time for bed,” he called.
“It always makes you do that, push into me, like a cat.”
John draws his finger out and Sherlock whimpers, shuddering all over with need. John doesn’t tease him, just slicks them up and adds a second. Thrusting them deep together to resume their incessant circling.
John goes completely still. A wash of cold breaks down his body as if he’s just been doused in a cup of freezing water. Goosebumps rise on his arms, his hair pricking against his sleeve. Bloody hell.
Even after the plug. Even after John fucking him with three fingers.
“I wondered when you’d show up to winter the bees. Ellie was just saying yesterday that you’d stop by soon.”
Blinks.
John opens his mouth, seals his lips against Sherlock’s heaving ribs, and
“How come you never said anything?”
Kisses him as if every kiss is worth dying for.
“Zoe and I will still be here. No matter what you choose.”
John splashes him a bit. “Obviously?”
He can feel Sherlock’s response burr against him and John shoves deeper, almost into his throat, just as Sherlock bucks up against him, hips pushing forward, shoving his clothed erection into the arch of John’s foot.
“Stop looking at me like that.”
The suds push between his fingers, warm and thick.
It doesn’t take long before they are both at the shattered edge of their sanity.
“In fact I did not buy you mints. What do you take me for? Really John, my pride is wounded.” I pressed a hand over my heart. “What else could be inside?”
He breathes out, exerting subtle pressure. Touches himself with his left hand. Long, slow strokes. He builds a rhythm. Tries to lose himself in it.
“I’m not replacing you with cocaine,” Sherlock says quietly into his ear. “I’ve obviously gone about this all wrong if that’s how you felt.”
“Inside each box are ten frames. In the top ones they make honey, the bottom one is where the brood chamber is. This is where the queen lays her eggs and the young bees are hatched. Do you see that dark brown substance around the edge of the lid? That’s propolis.”
It’s true.
And he laughs, raw and husky. Shakes his head. Sways his arse back. Asking.
That shimmering lucent feeling is still radiating in John’s bones, tender and sweet, and as Sherlock fucks him John feels it rise to the surface again, permeating every cell. Washing out through him, bathing him in a warm liquid sunshine glow.
**********
John watches as Sherlock slumps forward, dildo still buried deep inside him, his hair fallen forward, obscuring his face. John scrambles out of bed and goes to fetch a wet flannel from the bathroom, grunting as the plug moves around inside him, a constant reminder of it’s presence.
You split the tender flesh of him, lick over the stone buried inside, dark, earthy, ribbed, and hard. Bitter on your tongue and resistant. He tenses and knots up against you, breathing noisily, shivering and shivering. Knuckles white on the counters edge. Toes gripping the floor.
He looks down the heaving planes of his body, breathing hard.
what blood
There’s barely any hot water left by the time Sherlock is done, but John doesn’t mind overmuch. He just wants a quick rinse and a shave.
He murmurs, “There’s no rush. We’ve got all night.” He’s trying to soothe you, but it’s not working because now you’re facing each other and with every second that ticks past you’re swaying closer and closer together. It’s too slow, this gentle swaying, this tantalising, torturous almost closeness where you can smell the curling tendrils of whiskey on his breath but you can’t taste them yet. Patience isn’t your strong suite, so you decide to encourage things along. Your knees bend and you lean back against the door for leverage, wrapping your hands around his waist and pulling him snugly between your legs. He doesn’t resist, but he doesn’t give you what you want either. There’re still a few infuriating centimetres of air keeping you apart. Head dipping lower in offering, in supplication, you watch the passing headlights of a car from the street side window sparkle across the tips of his lashes. One of his hands comes up between you to rest against your bare breastbone and you can feel the burning heat of his palm sink down through skin and bone to flush against the thunder boom of your heart.
Even as he is nodding, "Yes." Growling, “
“I don’t want to leave.”
Outside: thunder claps. There is electricity in the air, lightning gathering it’s charge. Sherlock’s window is cracked open. Static raising the hair on John’s arms. The scent of wet stone rides in on the breeze. Raindrops pearl on the sill.
Sherlock is driven forward, his cockhead rubbing against the grain of the velour, the plug jostled and grazing Sherlock’s prostate with relentless precision.
He idly fingers the coarse springy hair on John’s chest, and listens to the steady thump of his heart beneath his ear. His legs trail among the tickling strands of John’s dark blue tentacles as they pump every now and then to keep them afloat. Together, they drift around the olympic size pool, the oil that John secretes leaving an iridescent trail in their wake.
He pads across the worn lino patterned with faded roses, trailing the soap tinged steam from the bathroom behind him. He’s emanating heat; you can feel the humid burn of it singe your skin as he stops just in front of you.
John licks his lips. “This is a test of some kind, isn’t it?”
“You were awoken by the sound of Mrs. Hudson leaving the flat and you snuck down, in your current state of dishabille, to see if the cake was done.”
“Roll over,” John says, his hands immediately tugging on his zip, pulling himself out, hard and aching, with the taste of Sherlock’s sweet musky skin still smeared all over the inside of his mouth. Sherlock, boneless and dreamy eyed, complies, rolling over onto his stomach. “Open your mouth,” John says, one hand wrapped around his prick and one gripping soft curls.
John opens his mouth against the elastic coils of Sherlock’s leg hair.
“Why’re you blushing?”
Sherlock jerks his chin. “Sometimes. Humiliation, punishment, sometimes it felt exciting. But.” Sherlock’s eyebrows knot in the centre. “It makes me angry too, that you’re different. I don’t know what to expect. I keep waiting for you to show your true colours. I suppose I was trying to provoke you.”
But Sherlock, true to his word, doesn’t stop. He just runs the tips of his tongue around and around the tip of John’s cock as he pulls at him with his big fucking hand and then, then with the other, cups John’s balls and
Sherlock opens his eyes and their gazes meet with a crack. It sizzles through John in a scalding lash.
And there was the rub.
“I’d be delighted. Really. Any time.”
“I’ve got some cheese and things for you to take with you anyway. Labels came in last week and I made up a box for you the other night. We need to talk about the market schedule too. Might as well join me for tea, yes?”
A moment later Sherlock’s hands return to John’s arse.
John doesn’t answer.
“I just think she enjoys her career more. I used to judge her pretty harshly for it, it contributed to us splitting up, but I think her relationship with Charlotte is more honest now. She sees her when she’s able and is more intentional about the time they do spend together, if that makes sense.”
“By all means,” he says eventually, turning back to his food.
Sherlock bounds up the short flight of stairs and is pressing his gloved finger to the bell when John catches up. There is a small plaque that reads,
Now, the sun was aloof, a cold bright stone above. The ground beneath Sherlock with its piercing chill seeped through his shirt, the rich autumn scent of wet earth and leaf mulch filling his nose. The spring and summer was a flurry of activity for a beekeeper, the fall and winter a deep drowse. The Beekeeper’s Association meeting was coming up next week. Sherlock would talk to them about what to do about Oliver Polk. Sherlock didn’t like disturbing the man, but the hives would need to be burned. If they offered to take care of it for Polk, perhaps he would agree. It would also be an opportunity to speak with the others about starting nucs (nucleus hives) with local queens once spring arrived.
“So maybe I’m a little more unapologetic about seeking that feeling out, but all humans are pleasure seeking, pain avoidant by nature. Freud called it the Pleasure Principle, but it’s been born out by neuroscientists.”
John swallows.
, follows on its heels as Sherlock bites his lip to keep from shouting at the sizzling, scorching bolts that strike up his spine each time he tightens around the unyielding thickness inside him. John’s hand opens and closes around the nape of Sherlock’s neck, kneading the tight muscle as Sherlock struggles to control himself.
John pushes himself back and pulls his shirt back down from where Sherlock had rucked it up by his ribs. Sherlock fixes his cuffs and smooths his hair, as if he isn’t covered head to toe in rotting garbage.
“Sherlock…” John trails off doubtfully. His silver hair glints against the water which is streaked with gold candlelight.
“Tell me what you want.”
John watches Sherlock’s throat as he swallows.
“Shut up.”
Kissing.
How any man or woman meets John Watson and doesn’t instantly want to make him theirs for all eternity is a conundrum the scale of which I will never solve. I resolved to not make the same mistake.
“Oh, God, oh, fuck, Sherlock!” You feel him begin to spurt inside you and you tighten yourself around him, milking him and milking him, until, shaking, he collapses on top of you, spent.
“You know exactly how I feel.”
You wait.
“Wrap your leg around me,” John says. “I’ve got you.”
Hands on Sherlock’s elbows, he ignores the indignant stream of words directed at him, and steers Sherlock backwards until his back is flat against the wall.
By the time Sherlock slides the cock ring onto him he’s softened a little, the desperation gone. Replaced now by the pulsating cadence of his blood, thick in his ears.
Picking up his mobile Sherlock dialled Oliver. The call rang through to voicemail and Sherlock left a brief message, asking Pollack to call him back when he had the time.
John just barely grazes Sherlock’s lips with his own.
“Why not?”
He was turned in his chair with his back to the hearth, legs crossed, one over the other. His feet were socked in black; he was dressed in jeans and a thick, woolen jumper. The color was a deep forest green. It turned his eyes a muddled brown from this distance, so dark as to be almost black. The light from the overhead lamp minted his hair in sterling and sapped the gold from his skin tone, leaving him looking a bit sallow and wan.
“There you are,” John says, cupping his cheeks, his knees dug into Sherlock’s ribs, his eyes blue and searching Sherlock’s. “There you are, my beautiful boy. I see you.”
“What, not even toast?” John asks, smoothing Sherlock’s curls back from his face.
Over Sherlock’s shoulders and down his sinewy arms.
**********
“I think things have changed,” Sherlock says, quietly, as the town car crawls through traffic. John looks up from his phone, where he has been scrolling mindlessly through the news. “I think we need to renegotiate our terms.” John turns towards him, his knees brushing Sherlock’s.
And then,
John picks up his mobile.
“Sit a bit. I’m almost finished. You can take some back with you.”
John wrapped his hand around the back of my neck and drew me down to him.
“Then you may call me whatever suits you.”
gave them to me when I turned seven. They were about a pirate named Redbeard.”
Sherlock looks at John.
A wet sucking smack against John’s slit and John’s hips thrust up instinctively.
They end up soiling another flannel before they’re both finally encased beneath the duvet, wrapped up in each other.
Sherlock’s mouth curves up. “How eloquent.”
John dips his finger in it.
The dildo falls to the side as Sherlock shuffles closer on his knees, opening to distribute his weight, and John, almost incoherently, slips his right foot between Sherlock’s thighs and presses the sole to the hot bulge in Sherlock’s trousers.
Holds it.
When the meeting had concluded and they had helped Ian and Richard put away the chairs, Sherlock pulled Noor aside.
“Ok. All right.” He pauses and in your minds eye you can see the pull of his tongue over his lips. The way he must be staring down at you in concern, the space between his brows notched with worry.
And, how to move forward with Sherlock.
He can’t quite… “I—“
John ends the connection and stands up, striding into Irene’s office to make his excuses.
He’s getting close, John can tell, and he wants to touch Sherlock, wants to feel Sherlock spill against his hand.
John looks into his eyes.
“John?”
What could I do?
a cymbal struck.
“Your bees?”
“You have a beautiful arse, Sherlock,” John says, low, appreciative. For a man so thin it has a delicious jounce to it, a delightful weighty jiggle as John manipulates it with his hand.
That’s what John Watson is.
Almost.
The smell of Sherlock is strongest here.
“Don’t trust yourself how?”
Can’t go far.
Sherlock handed her the last plate and unstoppered the sink so that the water began to drain. He ran a sponge over the silverware and then Ellen took them from him, turning them upside down in the dish rack to the side of the sink.
You pay attention to the moment when he tilts his head and surrenders.
John’s gaze lingers on the sharp lines of Sherlock’s clavicles, the hard knots of his nipples, the taut plane of his stomach, before coming to rest on the heavy cock that’s bobbing out, a little away from Sherlock’s body.
His mind worries at it; a loose thread.
Sherlock blushed because there was no way that John hadn’t heard what she said. As Zoe moved off towards the staircase Sherlock slid his eyes over and found John looking at him. When their eyes met John held his gaze for a long moment and Sherlock felt certainty settle in him. He was the man John’d like to kiss. He was the man John was questioning his sexuality over. He hadn’t imagined it, the undeniable pull of attraction between them. A second certainty settled alongside the first: he wanted John to kiss him too.
,” you gasped as I made them. Whining shamelessly for you. Needy. Desperate. “
(See the end of the chapter for
John points his finger at him. “You’ll keep your hands to yourself, sir, thank you very much. There is no way you are going to be able to wring another orgasm out of me today. I’ve high hopes for tomorrow, but we’ll just have to wait and see.”
“No, it felt natural. Like I was in my skin, like I was inhabiting every bit of my body. It was intense and it scared the bloody hell out of me and so I broke up with him.”
“I want you to get your hands wet, yes just like that. Perfect.” John licks his lips, ravening over the picture that Sherlock presents, perched in his lap.
“Because I don’t understand. I’ll never understand…”
For a moment John’s mind whites out: John’s thighs spread across the seat, lowering himself down until his arse was stuffed full. He would really be able to move then. Could hold onto to the back of the chair for leverage...
Moriarty doesn’t answer, just continues to hold John’s gaze. The chill is laden with disdain, his mouth twisted into an ugly moue with it. John’s heart beats hard against his ribs, a dull pressurized roar in his ears.
In short, everything that Sherlock had warned him would come to pass, had done so.
The water flushes Sherlock’s skin with heat, suffuses him with a warm languid glow that matches the last vestiges of his orgasm still spilling through him.
Zoe muttered something under her breath that sounded very much like an exasperated
“Brilliant,” John sighs, lying back against the pillow, contented, Sherlock above him, cheeks pinker and smile wider than before. “What do you want our relationship to be like, Sherlock?”
John’s heart is racing. He tries to focus on the familiar. The soft sheets beneath him that smell faintly of Mrs. Hudson’s lilac fabric softener. Sherlock’s judo certificate hanging on the wall over their bed. The ribbed, celadon wallpaper. The filmy white curtains pulled shut over the window. The hiss of the radiator behind him.
“Promise me that we will continue to do this, check in with one another regularly, to evolve our relationship as we evolve as individuals, always making room for new desires, new fears, new needs, new fantasies.”
John’s hands on Sherlock’s zipper: caught in the flashing, unpredictable splinters of white-citron-neon light.
Instead he says, “Right.” He turns to face the room. “Excuse me, attention please!”
“Go on.”
John sighs and his mouth opens reflexively, letting Sherlock inside.
Tom took down her phone number, the sound of his computer keys clicking in Sherlock’s ear. “Done.”
“But isn’t that risky?” Ellen said, her blonde brows furrowing. “What about all the diseases? They seem terribly vulnerable to me.”
A people he now belonged to.
“John.”
“God damn it,” Sherlock cursed with feeling, striding towards the porch stairs.
They lie in bed. John on Sherlock’s side, pillow propped against the footrest. Sherlock on John’s side, nearest the door, pillow tucked at the base of the headboard. Between them, on the mattress, lie a bottle of lube with a pump top, the slim pink vibrator of now notorious auto-fellacio fame, for Sherlock, and a stainless steel plug, for John. Next to the bed stands Sherlock’s hardback chair, a long, thick, black dildo attached to the seat with a suction cup.
Sherlock’s hands come to rest on John’s shoulders and John sways beneath their weight. Dizzy. His blood smarts in his cheeks. When Sherlock leans down to rest his forehead against John’s the tips of their noses, rough and bristly with cold, brush.
The rain persists, filling the kitchen with it’s quiet whooshing against the windowpanes.
“Sherlock—”
“Can I keep going?”
“Life will be extraordinarily dull without me.”
Each pass melts down John’s spine, suffusing him with a drowsy warmth.
I sat down to write this note to reminisce about a time when we finally, I hope, laid all that to rest. I hope what follows makes you smile. I hope it makes you blush. And I hope it makes you come find me instantly to commence some new deprivation upon my person immediately.
Sherlock’s eyes, flitting around the packed chippy, are drawn, magnetically, back to John’s mouth.
“You’re unbuttoning your coat. And you’ve removed your shoes. If it was my nefarious plan for you to join me down here then it seems to be a smashing success so far.”
I obeyed his whispered command and was rewarded with the soft press of his lips and slick slide of his tongue into my mouth. I opened to him and was granted a quiet moan in return. It made me shiver at the sound of it, deep and hungry, and I slid lower into the water, slipping my hand behind his neck and drawing him down with me.
Evan’s sharp gaze pierced Sherlock and he knew that they were weighing whether or not to respect this wish. Sherlock got the impression that Evan didn’t think much of him, probably in respect of their fallen comrade, and Sherlock couldn’t blame them for that. He didn’t think very much of himself after James Little’s death either.
“Definitely not,” John agrees, closing his eyes.
"It was the beeswing," Sherlock says, as if John should know what that is.
“Cute.”
His cock is standing stiff and dark with blood against his stomach. You study it.
His hips still thrusting Sherlock grunts and hooks his finger into the base of the plug and tugs.
Sherlock feels the hot lash of pain flay him and pushes back for more.
John smiles his most pleasant librarian smile and says, “Bobbi, as much as you’d like that question to not come off as prejudiced, I’m afraid that it is.  You know that the background check process is very strict, but I think you also know by now that the program strives to bring in a diverse group, which we see as a strength, not to mention the entire point of the program itself. I’m not going to share any details with you, because that is up to each person to share in their own time, but I hope you’ll enjoy getting to know them, just as you have done the rest of us who work here now.”
“Wait.”
Amelia never would have been reduced to a tart saying please for a filthy wet fuck. I, however, was not above it. In fact, I got harder. Impossibly. Helplessly.
“Would you like some?” Sherlock asked, taking the bag of sugar down from the spice cabinet.
“If at any time over the next few days you feel like you need help, as memories resurface, please don’t hesitate to reach out. I’m here for you, Sherlock.”
“I’m not ashamed!” he says, only realizing a moment later that he had yelled it. Seeing the startled look on Ella’s face, John crumples forward to bury his head in his hands. Scrubs them down his face. Feels the blood pound to the surface. “Christ. Sorry. Look I’m not ashamed I’m just not used to it yet. What am I’m supposed to do if Sherlock kicks me out? Start pulling blokes now?”
John flips open the box’s lid and pulls out the white bottle.
“…And you were thinking of me…” I was grateful for the noise of the restaurant as the zipper was drawn down, the grate of the metal teeth parting, muffled by the conversations happening around us and the brittle clatter of cutlery on porcelain.
John grins.
“I want to try five,” he breathes out, pushing up to sitting so that he’s straddling John’s waist, sinking down so that the tentacle, which has doubled in size as it prepares to fill Sherlock with its seed, fills him completely.
His beautiful fucking hands.
John settles himself against the padded headboard, pushing the pillows aside and gets his fingers wet. John stares straight ahead while Sherlock prowls the perimeter of the bed. Waves of pain pulse outwards from him, transmuted into anger, they roll over John, making his heartbeat skitter and sweat break out on his skin.
John bows his head, as he has seen his boys do so many times before, assuming the posture of subservience, letting it subsume him.
Sherlock, dressed in black trousers and his dark, forest green button down, sits on the examine table, legs swinging, rolling down the right arm sleeve. His eyes flick up to meet John’s briefly before Allison says from the doorway, “Just a routine check, Dr. Watson. Nothing to worry about. Took his vitals and did a blood draw.”
“Sherlock.”
The scent of olives, the scent of sweat.
“Can’t exactly watch me through the rearview,” John agrees, nodding. Rubbing his fingertips over his lips. His heart thudding against his ribs.
Considering the sight that greets him, he’s lucky he doesn’t have a heart attack.
(See the end of the chapter for
The next few days were brutal, his mind replaying, over and over the morning of James’ death. The moment when they had been lying together in Sherlock’s bed after having slept together the night before. The moment of James’ love confession and Sherlock’s cold response that he didn’t feel the same way, that they were simply colleagues and that the night before had been a mistake. The utter devastation written clearly on James’ face as he left.
“Kneel on the bed for me,” John says, quiet, but firm. He watches as Sherlock, eyes pupil-black, lips ruby-red, and legs rubber-kneed, does as he is told.
Sherlock still looks blissed out so John leans in and kisses him, giving his arse a little slap to get him moving.
“Sherlock, would you like to start us off?” Ian asked, leaning back in his seat with his legs crossed, steaming mug of tea and a biscuit in each hand.
That first brush over his prostate…God. No wonder his cock has the tendency to look like it’s been dragged five rounds through a bout of fisticuffs, strangled a deep engorged purple at the head. And leaking all over the place. John had occasionally gotten wet before, but nothing like this. All week it had been pulsing out of him with each pass of the drumstick.
John bobs up and down.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at John.
John probably should have been thinking about Irene’s offer, about her sudden interest in acquiring Watson Tech, about the deal before him that seems too good to be true.
“Yes,” Sherlock says and John smiles, bemused. “Yes?”
“No.”
and placing it on top of the pile of newspapers lying on the tabletop next to him. Outside the window of the dining car the German countryside streaks by in gradations of green: pear, pistachio, forest, moss. Sometimes pale as lichen, sometimes deep as clover, sometimes brown as seaweed. Now and then the green is broken up by flaxon fields of wheat or villages of white plaster, lined with window boxes brimming with scarlet geraniums. They had taken the train from Brussels to Cologne where they had a tight connection to board an overnight train to Basel. As they switched trains, they switched identities, boarding with separate reservations on seperate cars. When they were satisfied that neither of them had been followed they met in the dining car as night began to fall.
Well, when he begs so prettily…
He can’t take his time.
“What are you—?”
“I’m going to need a bit of help though.”
John leans back in.
“When I reached for my zipper you caught on and after a moment reached for your own…”
The man in the mirror who had wanted it, had been gagging for it, had loved every second of that giant dick in his mouth, of it stretching him wide and fucking him until John came so hard he saw stars.
The tells are small.
Sherlock’s nose wrinkles.
He took Sherlock’s hand in his.
“Mmm,” Sherlock hums, tightening around him.
“I don’t know.” He obviously hates that he doesn’t. John is quiet as they cross the street and enter the office building, his mind racing over this new information.
Primrose Hill rose before me, a dark patch in the dizzying sea of London’s lights surrounding it. I stopped and spun around, my eyes searching the blackened hillside.
On that day in August we were not so blasé about it, were we?
“I’ve suggested meds before, but he scoffs at them. He uses his work, his experiments, sex, as palliatives.”
He has at least an hour before he needs to start getting ready for work. He could, he thinks, fall back asleep despite the growing fullness of his bladder.
John’s voice is shocked and hoarse when he says, “Christ, you must feel like you’re all alone in this world.”
**********
Sherlock’s hands. Coaxing music from his violin with a devastatingly sensual grace. Making John feel each note snap along his bare skin like sparks falling. Sherlock’s hands. Striking through the air as he speaks. Cupping and caressing it. John—panting, on his knees, rocking back to meet the hard length inside him—jealous of the air.
for the penny to drop.
“Is it to do with how you’re feeling during sex?”
“Oh.”
John catches himself on one hand, braced on the bed near Sherlock’s right hip.
“Just like we have a safe word, I want to have a code word, a signal.”
“I want to reward you, Sherlock. I want you to sit on my face and I want you to ride my tongue.”
“There’s mention of the sale, but nothing about you. It just says that you resigned.” Sherlock is scrolling through the online news on a mobile that Mycroft had provided him, searching for the splashy headlines they had been expecting when M released Irene’s photos.
Flattens his hands to Sherlock’s hips, pressing him into the wall, and gets his mouth on him. Fits the round head of his boy to the back of his throat and swallows.
“Oh,” he exclaimed, with some dismay and annoyance. He’d planned for them to taste each one, to compare the subtle flavours and colours. He’d planned to teach them about how different nectar sources affected the taste of the honey. In fact there was a whole anecdote he had prepared based on Charlie’s question about why the hives smelled bad that included a rather interesting bit about honeys that could harm humans. But now the blackberry honey bowl was almost empty and Charlie had wrapped her palms around her cup and was blowing across the surface, the steam curling up towards her antennae in a silky white stream. Sherlock slumped back in his seat, feeling a bit out of sorts, a bit grumbly about the missed opportunity, and sipped his too hot tea too fast so that it scalded the top of his mouth.
John smiles. “It is.”
a bit listless, flying around in a desultory manner, which might mean that the nectar flow had ended slightly early here or hadn’t yet begun. That was unusual, but if beekeeping had taught him anything over the past two years it had been that you could never truly predict what would happen year to year. He wasn’t too worried about these hives. The abundant summer clover gathering had meant that these hives had built up good stores and filled many supers of honey for him. However, it increased the likelihood of swarms or robbing if they grew bored before the temperature dropped.
He works you on his cock with abandon. You can tell he’s lost to it just as you are. You lean back, let go your hold, set your knees deeper into the mattress and let him fuck up into you. Let him fill you with the thick throbbing length of his big beautiful cock.
John only hesitates for a second before he sighs and turns around. Puts on his shoes and coat and, outside, hails a cab.
John reaches underneath his chair and fishes out the wand. It’s lightweight, but he can see the thicker instrument it’s attached to, which has a bit more heft. He turns the device on, the whirring drone once more filling the sitting room, and then reaches behind him and slips it underneath the band of his boxers so that it’s resting in the small of his back.
Sherlock rushes on, “Your mouth probably tastes of last night’s dinner gone to rot and your hair is sticking up all over the place, which shouldn’t be adorable, but somehow it manages it quite stunningly, and you smell like come and body odors I’m not familiar with, but find deeply intriguing, and despite all of that I could not think of any place I’d rather be than right here.”
“He asked you to retire with him. He asked you for forever too. Do you really think he isn’t capable of accepting this new part of you?”
“What?”
But he’s still chuckling silently, vibrating with suppressed glee.
It has always been a means to an end. Sloppy. Messy. Moist. Unpleasant.
and glide
His bollocks heavy against his thumb.
John licks and licks.
“Right. Do that thing with your hand again.”
Breathe.
John swallows, his throat suddenly parched. “Yeah, I do. Show me.”
“It is. Will you take a breath for me, please? You are getting upset over nothing.”
The DI feeds you up, watches you, actually listens to you, even protects you. ChineseNandosThaiShwarmaFishNChipsPretPretPret. You haunt the Yard.
Outside, night had fallen while I had been preoccupied with my brooding. Agitated, I picked up the notebook and took it downstairs with me, intending to put it into the fire.
Mycroft never said please.
“Yeah.” John’s breathing quickens. “Yeah I am.”
He held me in place, forced me to still, concentrating my attention on where he was touching me.
John sighs. “Sherlock, we’ve been over this.”
Reality couldn’t be further from what John had imagined. A Christmas tree, a fire, sweets that remind John of his childhood, a bed laid out before the fire.
“I’m rather desperate for you to fuck me is all, and I need a moment to collect myself, or I’ll just end up frotting against you like an animal and it will be over in seconds.”
“And…”
And if you'd like to watch a short video about bee bread:
“And what if I am not?” Sherlock’s voice breaks. “What if I’m not willing to let you die?”
John tugs on his hair.
True.
“Quite,” John says, too tired to respond. He pushes his arse back, deeper into Sherlock, their legs interleaving, their hands tucked against John’s chest.
“Is that right?” John says, desire roughing up the edges of his words. “I didn’t give Catullus enough credit, then.”
Pushing.
To rub, to rub the head against that dark silky spot,
“What?” Sherlock blinks.
Each tremor.
The drumstick goes in easy, easy in a way Sherlock isn’t. In a way Sherlock never will be. Those icicle eyes. The way Sherlock smells; scrubbed clean and pink in the morning, burnished dark and coppery at the end of the day. The way he stands too close. Always too close. The way he takes up space inside John’s head, inside his body. The way John was relentlessly aware of Sherlock like a phantom limb when he was dead, and now even a year on, how, each time John sees him unexpectedly, coming around a corner for instance, it sends pins and needles shooting straight into John's heart. A rush of blood into a limb that had fallen asleep.
“God yes,” John says, dipping the spoon into the carton where the ice cream has begun to melt and turn soupy in consistency. John drizzles some over Sherlock’s left buttock and then leans forward.
“Thank you.”
“Doesn’t mean she didn’t have help.”
I took a moment to admire his firm, round arse before I moved up close behind him and took up the spoon once more.
It’s true they hadn’t spoken much the rest of the day. Sherlock was absorbed in a chemical process and John had ducked out to drop off the dry cleaning and to buy toiletries and do the weekly shop at Sainsbury’s. Sherlock had perked up when John had opened the package of Viennese whirls he’d decided to indulge in and had happily sucked the jammy crumbs from John’s fingertips while straddling his lap and drinking his tea between bites that left John’s jumper a disaster, and his hair sticky where Sherlock had been mussing it, and his lips wet and slightly throbbing. He’d had to change before they left for their annual Christmas binge. Gifts for Mrs.Hudson, Lestrade, Molly, Harry, and Mycroft were all accounted for and they were heading back to the flat for take-away.
The bed groans again. A signal. A warning.
“Thanks,” Sherlock said, turning back to the trunk and taking out his bee veil.
Sherlock looks down, over where he is holding his shirt up, to where John is desperately sucking his cock like he’s feeling the same heady vertigo of the narrow ledge they stand on. As if it’s the perpetuity of this one moment, which bleeds into the next and the next that they own and are going to make the most of. As if, until their last breaths, they are going to spend it like this.
Concentrating, Sherlock pops it open and wets the fingers of his right hand. John holds out his left and Sherlock squirts an obscene amount into John’s palm.
Guttural.
, he thought, before he could continue down that spiral. He repeated to himself that this life that he was building now was just a new chapter, one rife with possibility. One without villains to match wits, near-constant danger, and the highs and lows of addiction.
“—is that he needs to be more careful.” Ellen slid a sideways glance at her wife before looking back at Sherlock. “This one used to work in a care home, you know. It’s a sensitive subject.”
“I suppose we’ll need to get you ready for the toy.”
With his eyes still focused on the screen Sherlock tightens his sphincter muscle around the plug in his arse and gasps.
They meet a few people on their trek to a scenic overlook. Mostly tourists, foreigners like them, speaking a myriad of different languages. No one pays them any interest beyond a smile and a nod.
He’s never spoken about it, not outside of therapy, but if Sherlock can talk about his overdoses, about how he coped and how he found a way to survive, John can do the same.
, he thinks, the fingers of his right hand drumming against the windowsill as he types out a text with his left,
"If it means I get to hold your hand and see you basking in your sex high like a cat who got the cream, then yes, I suppose I do," John says, tugging Sherlock's hand as the light changes. Sherlock's laugh rumbles out behind him and John tucks the sound of it away mentally. Sherlock doesn't laugh much and with danger hurtling at them from unknown quarters John wants to save it to remember later: him, smiling, eyes crinkled, chins folded up, his hand warm in John's.
“Sherlock,” he gasped, as I closed my hand around him. Maybe John was feeling the way that pleasure could be a keen edge, a cutting edge, a razor, a knife.
“If you’re quite finished then?” you say, prim, affecting annoyed with your one eyebrow arched, but you’re smiling so there’s no sting. The smile John gives you is so genuinely fond, so genuinely
“I could pick you up at 6?” John asked, looking down as his phone lit up. John stood, watching the night vision blue and white screenshot of his mother’s spectral figure framed in her doorway. The vantage point was low and canted upwards at an odd angle and Sherlock thought John must have set up one of the monitors on the peony couch in the sitting room facing his mother’s room. “Sorry, my mum’s up. I need to—”
Panic like a tin drum beating in place of his heart.
But John is kissing him again so Sherlock can’t get any further. John unzips him and pushes his trousers and pants down at once. As Sherlock straightens to step out of them John moves around behind him.
“Then with permission, sir, I’d like a second chance. To show you.” John shivers at the deep timbre of plaintive suggestion in Sherlock’s voice.
John nodded. “She travels a lot for work so she sees Charlotte most weekends.”
“And bounce—”
“Good John. So good.”
Clara and Harry nod encouragingly.
Sherlock almost bites down on the one in his mouth and John, feeling the tension in Sherlock’s jaw jerks it out in time, to let Sherlock breathe. To let him breathe and breathe and breathe as he grinds his arse down on the fullness of a tentacle with a fresh hot load for him, one that is currently pounding inside him at a frantic pace. The force of it’s fucking pushes Sherlock forward, thrusting his cock into the tentacle that grips him and he cries out, his shout ringing off the tiled walls around him.
The appendages in question are currently resting on top of John’s thighs, his thumbs brushing the crinkly hair on the inside of John’s legs, where his robe is parted. The sensation fizzes, crackling under John’s skin like static.
John shifts against the towels. Restless. Skin tingling. “Please.”
John shivers.
My heart sped up and I shook my head. I couldn’t understand what you were after.
“Yoo-hoo! Boys!”
Brushing.
My skin felt two sizes too small for all the things I wanted, was trying not to want. I was muddled with it, my mind hazy and slow. If I were a better sort of man I would have said stop, would have made tea, would have forced us to talk about all the unforgivable things we had forgiven that were getting dregged up from the depths where we thought they had turned to so much inconsequential silt. Thoughts were mixing up with themselves. Green silk and red hair and your hands and the smell of dry burning grass. I lay there on my back and all I could see behind my eyelids were the plum pink, drenched folds of a slick swollen cunt and your tongue dipping out to lap at them, just as, between my legs you licked me hot and wet and close and so bloody good and I pressed myself down, whining and desperate, onto your mouth.
When I was first sent to live with you at Hazelmere they warned me you were a witch.
“And what does he have on you that you've agreed to this?” John asks Irene.
John was lost to us as Toby, the black and white and tan Australian shepherd with two intelligent brown eyes, who Mike and his wife had been unable to train as a therapy dog, but who was, in all other respects, a wonderful hound, tackled him to the ground and began enthusiastically licking his face.
“You want me to help? What’s it been now? Nearly two hours? What’s your personal best?”
John sets his mug down on the table beside his chair and puts his hands on his hips, alternating between furious and amused and, grudgingly, impressed.
“No one would blame you for cutting your losses. You could admit defeat and take up…I don’t know, something equally eccentric, like…raising chickens.” He could hear her smile and it made something unclench inside him. “This could be it. You say the word and it all ends right here.”
“What?”
“With an orgasm.”
Sliding his book into his satchel, Sherlock began the walk home. A hum of anticipation zinged through him, his steps quick. Eager, he observed. He hadn’t, he thought, felt this before. The way his heart thumped a bit harder, the way his cheeks felt tingly and warm, the way his mouth was curved up just the tiniest bit. He tucked it away for parsing later, instead giving in to the instinct to hurry along. He didn’t want to keep them waiting, after all.
John leans down and kisses his forehead. Sherlock’s lashes flutter and his mouth curves up.
“Sherlock,” John says, stopping Sherlock with a hand on his arm. “Call me John.”
shocking.
“Sherlock, come here. Give me your mouth.”
Until John is writhing, breathing hard, sweat beading on his chest and in his fringe. His body gleams, the firelight seething over him. Sherlock in front of him, his hot skin pressed to the inside of John's thighs, shadowed, his edges brushed in flame.
It was a case as it turned out. John came to crouch beside me and relayed the facts quietly: a man found dead stuffed inside a steamer trunk.
“What, all of us jammed into our tiny sitting room? Can you imagine?” Penny visibly deflated in concession to this.
,” I said, breathless, my heart hammering against my ribs, my hips writhing against the hood of the car. “Lick me so good, Sherlock. Get me dripping. Fuck my hole with your tongue. Do it. Do it. Please.
Circling.
The corner of John’s mouth twitches, a warm burst of affection in his chest. “The first group to identify the poison gets pizza and beer courtesy of Sherlock Holmes.”
John laughs and smoothes his hands down Sherlock’s chest, over the lapels, checking for lint, for stray hairs, possibly for ash considering the state of Sherlock’s trembling hands.
“I believe that’s what you suggested we do in Lestrade’s office yes?”
“What did you think about when you were buggering yourself with that drumstick?”
John watches him wobble off to the bathroom before he begins to gather what he’ll need for the rest of the evening ahead. First, he strips, folding up his things and setting them on top of the suitcase he had dropped off earlier in the evening. Then he collects the lube and the dildo from the sofa and climbs up on the bed. It takes him a few tries before he can get the suction cup to seal itself to the headboard, but eventually it does and John once more marvels at the engineering behind it.
“Yeah, yeah.”
The kiss is deep.
Sherlock steps back, steps away from John, and obliterating darkness threatens to engulf John’s vision. It closes in on all sides. He needs to get up and put his head between his legs, but it hurts too god damn much to move. God, he’s pathetic.
“Arghle.” Sherlock mumbles, thrusting his arse back against where John is starting to squirm with mindless intention against him.
You were thirty-three when you met him for the first time.
I know it's egregious that I'm ending the scene here, but I promise, I PROMISE, you'll get it at some point.
It turns out Tom Russel had been a bloody prophet.
Whispers, “It’s only been two days.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe.
John pauses before turning back. Can’t help it. “All right?”
He had been home for some time. Long enough to have had a nap. His hair was disarranged, his pale eyelashes still clumped together a bit at their corners. His skin would taste just the tiniest bit salty if I were to taste it. He always overheated when he slept. I wondered, with a tiny electric jolt, if his skin would still be warm to the touch. I found myself drifting forward, inexorably drawn to him.
“Polk’s granddaughter’s in the hospital for leukaemia,” Ellen said evenly, the sharp sound of the cards snapping against each other filling the room. “Not that it excuses his actions necessarily, but the man might be a bit distracted at the moment. She’s seven.”
Sherlock drops his head, his fringe brushing against John’s shoulder. John can feel Sherlock’s breath gusting hard and frustrated through his suit. With what feels like herculean effort John keeps his hands at his sides.
, John thinks, jolted by the vivid clarity of it.
, you nearly burst from the feeling that floods through you. You’re not entirely sure anyone has ever looked at you that way before. Your chest is washed in warmth and it’s
The kiss they share is sweetly tender; just lips touching.
Together you get them off until he’s sitting before you, legs splayed wide, hair mussed, cheeks pink, his mouth stained red from your kisses, eyes blue-black, in only his pale blue boxer shorts.
“I wouldn’t have brought you back here if I wasn’t.”
, John realizes with a jolt.
“Oh, fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” John gasps as Sherlock glances over the top of John’s cock and continues down between his thighs.
those ever changing, ever constant eyes.
Your long feet were covered in dust and leaving chalky streaks on the hardwood.
John forgets that they are in the foyer. He forgets that Mrs. Hudson could walk in on them at any moment.
“Ok,” John says, despite the nausea roiling like sea-sickness in his stomach.
