Dean laughed. A lot.
Scott grunted.
“Please stop talking, Sam,” Cas said.
Sam’s smiles and knowing looks had become all too observant and pointed when it came to Dean and Cas’s friendship in recent years, even more so in the last several weeks. Sometimes it was reassuring that Sam seemed to know the way Cas drove Dean crazy. Other times, it made everything hurt more because Dean had no intentions of acting on any of his feelings.
“Huh? Oh, nothing, I guess,” the hunter said. “I thought you’d like to know. Figured if anyone could convince her to come back to team dick it’d be you. John Winchester’s pride and joy, am I right? You want her number?”
Soon enough they were settled under the sheets together and Cas was scrolling through their shared Netflix queue for the documentary series they were binging. They didn’t get many nights like these. Not nearly as many as Dean would like. But they happened often enough that they’d come up with this little ritual for nights when neither of them wanted to spend hours sitting in The Dean Cave.
Sam laughed and ducked his head.
Dillon’s smile melted away. He was staring past Castiel now or through him, but he did not seem to see him.
“You ready to get out of here?” she asked.
Cas's hand was warmer than Dean’s, warmer than a human’s hand thanks to what was left of his grace burning blue-white hot deep inside him. Dean wrapped his other arm around Cas's lower back and pulled him close so that their chests were almost touching. Being this close to him was something that Dean craved more than he cared to admit. Denying himself this contact hurt something deep in his soul.
Castiel’s lips twitched into a ghost of a smile, but he didn’t look away from the road.
Watching this movie after a case like the one they’d just wrapped up was a terrible idea. His cheeks were wet and he was glad The Dean Cave had a lock on the door so no one could see him wallowing.
Cas still didn’t look convinced.
“Good idea,” Sam said.
Castiel hesitated for a moment. He laid there immovable like a marble statue of some ancient soldier. Dean was struck once again with the realization of just how old and universe weary Castiel really was. Guilt soured Dean’s stomach when he thought about how much trouble and pain he’d caused Castiel to suffer through over the years.
“Did you…” Sam looked from Dean to Cas and back again. “No, you know what. I’m gonna step outside and let you two talk.”
“How’s Cas?” Sam asked as he reached Dean’s side.
“Nice to meet you,” Sam said. He turned to Sarah. “Can you tell me what happened?”
“Dean,” Cas said. “Until this morning, I didn’t think angels could even become ghosts. I don’t think we’re dealing with a normal angel here.”
They squatted on the other side of the bush where the body lay partially submerged in the shallow wash. Only the victim’s legs were in the bush with his left foot exposed to the side where Sarah must have seen him. The corpse’s hair was damp, strands of it clung to his forehead framing his eyes like macabre curlicues. Deep, charred black pits filled the spaces where his eyes used to be.
Castiel would lean in and repeat the words against Dean’s cheek while Dean flipped through books from the library while researching the next monster of the week.
He longed for every touch more than he’d longed for anything else in his life.
Sam gave Dean a pointed look which Dean ignored.
Like every choice Dean had ever made—even the ones Chuck had sent him tumbling into—brought him here, to kissing the man he loved in the bed Dean considered theirs, even though they rarely shared it.
“Something more?” Scott tilted his head.
Dean forced himself to focus on the movie instead of dwelling on memories for a few minutes.
“Doesn’t ring a bell,” Dean said. He needed this conversation to end, immediately. This was why he hated reaching out to these old hunters. They had a tendency to be more close-minded and prejudiced about people who were different from them. “What does she have to do with Lucifer’s baby mama?”
“It’s Summer Bloom-Miller, actually,” Summer said as she reached out to shake their hands. “I shorten it for business purposes, but yes, I am the organizer for the film festival.”
“I didn’t yell,” Dean said. He looked around the store trying to find Cas’s unruly mess of dark hair. He spotted the wild hair about three seconds before catching sight of the pile of clothing Cas had cradled in his arms. Dean made his way down one of the narrow aisles, meeting Cas’s smile as he joined Cas in front of a row of hangers. “What’d you find?”
“I didn’t know it was going to do that,” Cas said. His head was tipped forward like he wanted to hide from what he’d done, but he still made an effort to look Dean in the eye. “I am sorry about your car.”
“What do you mean?” Dean asked.
Dean felt his face relax into a smile against his permission. Cas turned back to Dean and his curious expression turned to concern.
Dean reached out to push open the swinging door leading to the kitchen. He studied the back of his hands. No blood.
Cas hummed and nodded. His touch tightened a bit.
“Come on, it’s not like these kind of lists matter anyway,” Sam said. “It’s not like you’re actually going to meet Patrick Swayze and even if you did it’s not like he’d ask you back to his room. What does it even matter if you have a list of celebrities you’d go gay for?”
Dean pointed at Sam with his fork.
The man straightened his posture and looked over Dean and Cas.
Dean let out a long breath. It billowed out in front of him in a cloud. A high pitched keening sound slipped from his lips and it felt like his ribs were cracking open.
Dean scowled and turned his attention to the laptop screen.
“Dean,” Cas said, softer this time. His hand was warm on Dean’s cheek. His thumb a settling weight on his lips. Cas’s brow wrinkled as he studied Dean. “It’s not your fault. Shh, no, it’s my turn to talk, Dean Winchester. You went through the trauma of losing your mother all over again when you’d just gotten her back. No one is blaming you for needing to take some time away from this life after something like that.”
Sam’s phone made a noise signaling a new text message. Dean watched his brother pull his phone out to check the message. Sam’s expression melted into something even softer than it was before. Like the inside of a fresh out of the oven chocolate chip cookie, his features were practically gooey from whatever he read on his phone.
“You looking for something?” Dean asked.
“Shut up,” Dean said.
“We figured it’d be a good idea to go at the case from a couple different ways,” Sam said. “Either it was actually an angel who showed up, or it was a hoax to promote the festival and raise money.”
That simple movement, turning his head, was like tearing out his own heart with his blunt fingernails. Dean needed to be sure that he was ready to long haul life with Cas. He needed to be positive that his own lust and touch starved nature wasn’t pushing him to fuck up the best thing he had going in his life. Cas deserved for Dean to be sure about this. They both did.
He turned to Cas. “How long have you known?”
He pulled out his cellphone. There was one person he knew who could understand how he felt. Maybe he’d make up some excuse to leave the table so he could text in peace.
“If this angel is keeping to a schedule, he should show up any second now,” Sam said.
Cas looked at Sam.
“Family reunion, huh?” Dean said.
Cas stared at Dean with narrowed eyes.
Dean looked at him with furrowed brows as he shoveled fries into his mouth. He paused mid-bite like he was struggling to remember what Castiel was talking about. Then he nodded to himself. Without swallowing the mouthful of fries, he said, “We didn’t click.”
Dean sat on the foot of the one of the beds in the hotel room he and Cas rented out that afternoon. When they’d booked their rooms that afternoon, he’d been nervous and excited to share one with Cas.
“So, you’ve always known.”
Dean rolled his eyes.
Scott stared at them.
Scott stopped pacing. His expression shuttered and his posture straightened. He looked over Cas's shoulder like he was studying something on the wall then met Cas's eyes.
Finally, just as the contents of Dean’s stomach were threatening to sour and Dean was starting to contemplate calling Joyce up to see if he could keep his job after all, Cas’s eyes started to glisten in the low lamp light. Then the most brilliant smile spread across his face like dawn across a field.
“Why?” Castiel asked.
“I don’t know, maybe,” Dean said. His coffee mug was empty, and he was overcome with the urge to be anywhere but in this diner, this booth. “Is there anything else you need me to do tonight? I think I’m gonna head out.”
Of course, judging from the way Ricky’s eyes had roamed all over Cas's body, Cas might not even be coming back to their hotel room tonight.
“What kind of film festival plays
Several mugs of coffee later, Dean came shuffling into the library. Castiel looked up from his research to watch his husband. A thrill ran through him at the title. Husband.
Dean swallowed.
“Where’d you get this, anyway?” Dean asked.
“Oh, Dean.” Cas had Dean’s shirt balled up in his hands, but his attention was settled on the blossoming bruise on Dean’s ribs.
Cas snorted. “I will always risk myself for you.”
Even knowing that, he hadn't expected to run into anyone he knew. Let alone someone who could loosely be called an ex.
Dean paused for a heartbeat. Just long enough to remember what the hell Cas was talking about. When he remembered he could feel the ache in the corners of his mouth from smiling so wide before he grabbed the back of Cas’s head and pulled their mouths together.
“You think we’ve got a rogue angel on our hands
“What did you just say?” Scott asked.
“Dude, I thought you were straight,” Sam said. “Well, actually I thought that
“That’s sweet,” she said before moving on to another table waving her down.
Dean reached over to turn up the radio to discourage Sam from trying to continue the conversation. All Dean needed right now was to work this case. Find this angel who was causing a scene, kick its feathery ass, and get back to the bunker before the outside world started to wear away at Dean’s patience as much as being cooped up in the bunker had.
Dean’s cheeks warmed as he watched Cas’s face. Looking for any kind of reaction, anything more than that one word.
“It must be my lucky day,” a man’s voice said. “Two gorgeous men seated in my section this early in the morning? I must have been a good boy in a past life.”
Sam snorted and turned his attention to his notebook.
“Yeah, we just got into town,” Dean said. “I conned Sam into standing in line for movie tickets while I called you.”
“Many of us believe it was an angel, yes,” she said. “Whether he was an angel or a man dressed as one is of no importance. God sent him as a sign.”
“The Zeppelin one,” Dean said. The teenager stared at him blankly. Dean pressed his lips together for a moment, then tried again. “The Stairway to Heaven one?”
“Last one for the day,” Dean said. “After this we’ll grab some food then call Sam and Mom. Maybe they’ve gotten further than we have.”
Cas’s eyes widened slightly.
“Maybe if you weren’t such a short little bitch you’d be able to catch up to me easier,” Dean said with a lazy smile.
Castiel turned his head so his mouth was no longer pressed against Dean’s shirt.
“I don’t want the dress,” Cas said. “But I did find a few band t-shirts in this aisle.”
Dean lifted their joined hands in the air.
“I don’t know, Dean.”
“Love you too, Dean.”
The rage and hurt coating Cas’s words left Dean feeling like this might be the only shot he had to do something wildly stupid. If he let Cas leave this hotel room, if Dean allowed himself to chicken out again, they might never get to a moment like this again.
“Don't,” Dean said as he finally tore his attention from the floor to Castiel’s pitying eyes. “Don't you dare tell me it isn't my fault. If I hadn't let that son of a bitch get the drop on me we would have ganked its ass like we were supposed to and someone else wouldn't be dead right now!”
“Dude, I haven’t been able to fit into thrift store clothes since I was sixteen, remember?” Sam nodded at Cas. “Besides, he’s the one who needs clothes. Did you find anything you like, Cas?”
“And who is this fella you’ve brought with you tonight?”
Thinking of the case reminded him of the lead detective’s gorgeous eyes. Storm cloud gray. He had a killer smile and kept up blow for blow with Dean’s sense of humor when they went out for drinks after the ghost was expelled from the school it was haunting. The detective was a fantastic kisser too. They hadn’t gone farther than making out like teenagers before the detective got called to respond to an emergency at work.
Dean earned a few annoyed looks and rude comments from the other theater patrons as he shuffled toward the empty seat next to Sam with his arms overloaded with snacks and drinks. Sam looked up from his seat and rolled his eyes at Dean.
“You guess? How… what… you… Seriously? You
“It's a better option than throwing around holy oil or trying to stab air with an angel blade,” Dean said. “Besides, if we can get him to go home instead of haunting this place without destroying him it's probably a good thing.”
Sam must be in bed or out. Jack was still an ever ticking time bomb. They both teetered on spending too much time around Dean and avoiding him entirely. Dean knew his brother was worried about him but Sam had the good sense not to comment on that worry. There was nothing to say.
Dean rolled his eyes and nudged Castiel’s foot in return.
“Oh, I see, so this was all just a long con so you could drag someone else into your misery?”
Cas told him about how they’d found Baby stashed somewhere in Iowa eight and a half months ago and how he’d been driving her ever since. Dean insisted Cas drive them away from the diner and listened to Cas tell him all about the videos on classic car care he’d studied religiously while Dean was gone so he could keep her in good shape in Dean’s absence.
Dean swallowed against the lump in his throat.
Cas blinked slowly.
“Dancing is quite enjoyable,” Cas said as Dean helped him straighten up again.
“How do I look?” Cas asked.
“You knew he was going to react badly to the angel thing, didn’t you?” Dean asked.
In the span of a heartbeat, Castiel morphed from an unmoving mass of angel to a human trying to burrow his face into Dean’s collarbone as his wild limbs wrapped around Dean’s body like a limpet.
Castiel closed the space between them and grabbed a fistful of Dean’s hospital gown. He tugged Dean so they were eye to eye. Nose to nose. Breath tangling in the humid air between them. Close enough to make Dean’s soul ache.
Dean shook his head and made his way up the front steps to ring the doorbell.
“What I want and what I should do are sometimes very different things.” Cas still wasn’t looking up from the blanket edge he was fidgeting with. When had the angel started to fidget? Years ago, but Dean found he couldn’t remember when it started.
Cas frowned at Dean. “Sam is not very old. Are you taking me to a children’s clothing store?”
“You sure it wasn’t just a parlor trick?” Mary asked.
“Seriously though,” Dean said as he gave Cas a slow kiss. “Let’s set these jeans aside as special occasion jeans, okay?”
“I told you not to fall in love with me,” Dean said without opening his eyes.
“Quit being dramatic.” Dean rolled his eyes. He looked over the stack of books and DVDs in Sam’s hands and frowned. “Wait, why didn’t you get any clothes? That’s why we’re here, Sam.”
“It’s just that name, Ricky,” Mary said. She turned to Dean. “Didn’t you have a friend named Ricky or Richie, or something like that in preschool?”
Sam’s brows rose and he practically raced back down the hallway toward his room.
“Saving my ass again, huh?” Dean asked. His expression was pained for a moment as he stared at the tabletop between them before he forced a smile and looked at the crowd around them. “You sure you wanna be stuck with my sorry ass tonight? There’s plenty of single chicks--and a few single dudes--hanging around here tonight. You might get lucky. Besides, I can catch a cab or arm wrestle Ash for the pool table after last call.”
Cas came back into the house. His expression was blank in a way that reminded Dean of the first few months after they’d met. It was Cas's version of a protective mask. It was the face of the heavenly soldier following orders from on high. Dean wanted nothing more than to wipe that look off his face forever.
“Detective Baum,” Sam said to the head detective in question. “What have you guys found so far?”
“We’re hunting a ghost angel,” Dean said with a grin. “A ghangel. Oh, or an anost. Hey, that almost sounds cool.”
“You’re insufferable,” Cas said.
“Cas,” Dean said with a groan and stared up at the ceiling.
When Cas opened the curtain to the dressing room a few minutes later, Dean’s eyes bulged as he looked Cas over. The dark jeans they’d found fit him everywhere except his thighs which made the fabric stretch to its limits. Over the jeans Cas had slipped on one of his Britney Spears t-shirts. She wore dark eyeliner and a hat that obscured part of her face. The t-shirt also barely fit over Cas’s surprisingly broad shoulders and would probably ride up if he raised his arms.
“Me either,” Dean said.
“Of course,” Cas said. “Get some sleep, Dean. I’ll see you as soon as I can.”
Dean sat tense for a few moments before the actress who played Kim made him laugh with her impression of the director. How someone who looked so short on screen could make her presence feel the same as a man of over six feet was incredible to him. Cas laughed under his breath as the actress stole the baseball cap from the directors head and started waving her right hand around while shouting out commands.
“Yes, that’s what I said.”
They continued moving together like this, close enough to breathe in the heat from each other’s bodies for another handful of songs. Long enough that Dean’s head started getting muffled with want and fantasy.
Castiel blinked at Dean with watery eyes. He shook his head and a ghost of his sad smile spread over his features.
“It’s a smiting,” Sam said. He glanced at Mary, then back at the body. “An angel kill.”
Still, that phone call served as a reminder of all the times Dean had spent looking over his shoulder growing up. The years he’d spent worrying that someone was going to see something in Dean’s behavior, in where his eyes wandered, and report it back to John.
“Twitter,” Sam said.
“Right,” Sarah said. “Anyway, I saw something in the bushes. At first I thought it was some garbage or someone’s bag that they forgot. But, when I got closer, I realized it was so not that.”
“Christina Aguilera is a very talented singer, Dean,” Cas said. “And you said we could listen to the tape I found.”
Sam smiled at her.
“It’s a classic. You should be more grateful.”
“Those are bloopers,” Dean said. Then he turned to frown at Cas. “Wait, how do you know there’s more to the movie?”
“I hope so,” Dean said swallowing against the burbling nerves inside him. He felt Cas squeeze his hand tighter and begin to rub a soothing thumb over Dean’s skin. The extra attention gave Dean the nudge he was looking for. There was a reason he’d sought Donna out in the wall of press. “If it wasn’t for Cas, I don’t think I would have found such a deep understanding for Jimmy. I’ve never been a religious person and I have no idea what it’s like to question your faith in something like that, but in getting to know Cas. In getting to know why people turn to their faith when they struggle. I started to see situations in my own life where I’d already gone through similar crises of faith without recognizing it as something that.”
“Yeah, well, I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“I love you,” Dean said to Cas. It wasn’t the first time they’d exchanged those words, he wouldn’t want to put Cas on the spot like that, but it was the first time Dean had said something like this for the press. It was the first time he’d addressed the rumors of his bisexuality in a public manner.
Dillon nodded his head briefly at Castiel.
“About me and Cas.”
Cas’s face was knotted up in concern. His eyes kept roving over Dean’s body and face. Any other time, the attention would make Dean want to pin him against a wall and see what happened next. Now, Dean just wanted to pull Cas onto the bed with him and make Cas hold him until the pain from his injuries faded.
The waitress had stopped by the table a couple more times with more beer and there was a girl with a scratchy voice and an acoustic guitar up on stage when Dean’s phone buzzed on the table. It was a text from Cas. To Dean’s embarrassment, his heart leapt in his chest when he saw the preview of the message on his screen.
“Been together?” Dean asked. “Since he finally realized I’m irresistible.”
“Dillon’s ghost,” Scott said. He rubbed at his browbone and started pacing. After a moment, his hand dropped and he looked at them with an exacerbated expression.  “Are you trying to tell me the FBI investigates ghosts now? This isn’t the X-Files. Who are you people?”
“Uh,” Dean said. He tilted his head and started picking at the food on his plate. “I think so. I haven’t thought about preschool in years.”
“Speaking of, have you talked to Cas yet?” Sam asked.
“Did you hear about Trisha Baker?” the hunter asked.
The two of them grew close after Dean was returned to the states and his job with KCPD. When Castiel’s contract with the government was up, he took a job at the police department and became Dean’s work partner shortly after. The last few years Castiel had spent by Dean’s side were the best of his life. Even if they were only friends.
“Mom, just hold on a second,” Sam said. He looked down at the tabletop between them while he tried to gather his thoughts into words. Carefully choosing his words. “Dean’s relationship with Cas is complicated. I don’t think they’ve actually figured out exactly what they mean to each other, and I don’t know if they ever will.” Sam looked Mary in the eye. “But it’s none of our business. I mean, it’s great that you want to be supportive, and I’m sure if they ever figure out their deal with each other, Dean will really appreciate it.”
“Damnit,” he cursed.
Not much changed after that. There were no more love confessions. No stolen kisses. They weren’t suddenly
Once the wounds they’d endured after encountering Kushiel had healed, Dean had followed through on his promise to properly train Castiel to hunt. Castiel already had some of the basics down from years of observing the brothers and trying to mimic their techniques. His skills with it had improved greatly since Dean had started training him.
Maybe he should sweep the room. They might be caught up in some kind of spell or in some kind of weird angel and human vessel warding.
Suddenly Cas was deep into Dean’s personal space. A deep breath would make them touch. Dean looked into Cas's eyes and swallowed hard.
Cas navigated them back to the main menu once the last of the credits finished. They settled into comfortable silence as the main menu music played softly through the tv speakers.
These were the questions he asked himself as he washed night sweat and phantom blood from his skin every morning. The questions that ran through his head when he woke before dawn with a scream held back by his clenching teeth.
Sam shook his head. “Nothing related to Kelly or her baby.”
“You can show me the case you’ve found that’s got you all excited and mainlining coffee while we eat,” Dean said. He gave Castiel one more kiss before making his way out of the library. He called over his shoulder just before he left the room. “Love you.”
“You’re safe,” Castiel whispered against Dean’s mouth before pressing a light kiss to Dean’s lips. “You’re home.” Another light kiss. “I’ve got you.” And another. “And I love you, Dean Winchester,” Castiel said as he gave Dean another, deeper kiss.
“Did someone hurt you?” Joyce asked. “Did one of the customers threaten you or something to trigger a panic attack like that?”
“Where did you get the idea for the festival?” Sam asked.
Dean’s stern expression faltered long enough for Castiel to see how happy the simple endearment had made him feel. Dean moved around the table and stole a kiss from Castiel.
“It’s not my favorite part.”
“That is unusual,” Cas said.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said softly back. It was impossible not to respond.
Sam checked the time; it was still mid-morning. Only an hour had passed since they’d separated from his brother and the angel. Normally, Sam would jump at the opportunity to be more productive, find some way he could help solve the case faster. Interviews like the one he’d just been through always left him on edge.
“I’m always good,” Dean said with a smile. “I don’t remember any of the baggage I might have. I made decent tips today. Life is good.”
“Sure, yeah, whatever, just go,” Sam said as he turned back to the books.
“I suspected that, yes,” Cas said.
“Can I help you undress?” Cas asked.
“You really want this?” Dean asked.
“Dean,” Cas said. Dean closed his eyes and wished his angel was warm again. “Look at me. Please.”
He thought of all the hips he’d dug his nails into while being fucked. All the nails that had scored lines into the flesh of his hips and back as he’d fucked them.
“Sam texted me this while we were speaking with Scott. I read through them when I stepped outside.”
Dean gasped as he stared at the man’s chest.
“Human?” Dean asked.
Cas -- Henry Rollins
“Stay.” Dean couldn’t look at him when he said it, but he meant it with everything he had. He cleared his throat. “Watch a movie with me or something until I fall asleep. Besides, aren’t you supposed to watch over me when I have a concussion?”
Being injured like this sucked. Not just because of the pain, but also because it wrecked Dean’s filters on things like his ridiculous feelings for the angel in front of him. It was in moments like this where Dean found himself falling into Cas’s eyes like they were the ocean on a hot summer day.
Cas’s grip on Dean’s cheeks tightened and his gaze grew more determined.
The video was grainy, dark, and the audio was awful. It looked like it was shot on a cellphone. Instead of turning the phone on its side, the photographer held it vertical which left half the frame covered by the silhouette of people’s heads.
“Call Cas,” Sam shouted as Dean opened the door.
Agent name references:
Dean turned to Cas. “You’ve gotta be more careful, man. We have no idea when Chuck is gonna pull the last of your grace from you. Or turn it into some kind of kill switch or something. You can’t keep risking yourself for me.”
Usually, Castiel hated mornings, but the ones that followed a hunt always left him with excess energy to burn and excitement over the next mission. While Dean slept in, Castiel took it upon himself to look for their next case. With a press of a button, his laptop whirred to life. His laptop. Castiel still wasn’t used to having things to call his own. He supposed that novelty would wear off eventually, but for now it gave him a thrill whenever he took note of his own possessions.
“Thanks Cas,” Dean said with a soft smile.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said. He reached out to the angel as Cas moved to sit up again. “It’s your turn. Come ‘ere.”
“Well, I was in church, and we were discussing all the devil worshipping in movies and television going on these days. Did you know there is a popular book series they’re looking to make into a tv show where two brothers make deals with demons and cavort around with monsters?” Summer shook her head to show her disapproval. “I remember when I found out my granddaughter had one of those Unnatural books, or whatever they’re called. I made her leave it outside on the porch because my house is no place for devil worship.”
Dean sat at a tall table to one side of the room. His cellphone sat on the table in front of him, next to his second beer for the night. The screen was black. He still hadn’t called. Dean wasn’t sure he could keep himself from sounding even more depressed and lonely if Cas said he was still going to be away from home for a few more days—or weeks. Cas didn’t need to hear that. Once Dean was sure he had enough liquid happy in his veins to keep him from embarrassing himself, no matter what Cas said, he’d call. Until then, Dean’s only goal was to drink and hope that the band didn’t suck.
“Oh.” Dean straightened as much as he was able.
“Thank you,” Dean said.
“Please,” Dean pleaded. “Can we talk about this when we get back to the bunker?”
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Cas said. “Did you… Have you been past the part of the highway where he died?”
“Let me guess, the strawberry shake is for you,” Dean said as he felt the kid’s smile start to echo on his own face.
He began to lead them to an upbeat song. At first, Cas struggled. He moved like he was too big for his body—which, technically, he was in his true form—and hadn’t gotten the hang of his limbs yet. Then, just as Dean was preparing to give up again, something clicked between them.
“I have nowhere else I’d rather be,” Castiel said. He didn’t know what was making him feel brave enough to be honest about that, but there was a certain level of relief in him once the words were out there in the open.
“Not long,” Cas said. “I could feel your distress. I came by to make sure you were okay.”
“For fuck’s sake, Dean,” Sam said.
“I’m trying, Dean,” Cas said. “You just have to hold on a little while longer.”
he was from, not where. He was a history nerd and he’d tell me that he felt really out of place in the modern age. One of those old soul kinds of people, you know?”
It was some kind of comfort to know that he wasn’t the only coward when it came to doing anything about the tension between them.
“Brothers and sisters,” a female voice said from somewhere in the middle of the circle. “Last weekend, God sent one of his angels here to watch over our film festival. That angel brought us a message. A message about the blasphemy Hollywood feeds us.”
Dean whipped his head around to look at the door leading out of the room. Cas shut the door behind himself and looked from Dean to the tv. Dean swiped at the tears on his cheeks. He could feel himself starting to blush, because his day really needed to get worse by blushing and crying in front of Cas of all people.
Cas froze and lifted his hand from the side of Dean’s head.
The words fought him, but finally Dean was able to wrest one from his stubborn mouth. “Please.”
Dean sighed. “Yeah, well, we’ll get you dance lessons or something when we get back home. If you’ve still got this bug up your ass.”
Dean released his hold on Cas’s hair and smoothed his hands down Cas’s back to his waist.
“Sam didn’t know,” Dean said between wheezing breathes.
“You find anything yet?” Dean asked around his bite of food.
“I love you, too,” Cas said back.
Cas ran his tongue over his lower lip and caught Dean’s gaze. “Will you kiss me again?”
Sam frowned.
Something between a sob and a laugh slipped from Scott’s lips. He met Dean’s gaze with watery eyes.
“That’s one of the both of us right after we got back to Arizona,” Scott said. “Ashley took that picture downtown outside an ice cream parlor. He’d never been to one before.”
“Dean?” The figment of Cas’s voice asked.
The waiter clicked his pen open. “I didn’t mean to embarrass you, honey.”
“Good idea,” Cas said. “If you could do it quickly that would be better. The humming has intensified.”
“I know you will. Somehow, you always are.” Cas handed him the bottle of water and held up the paper cup. “You should rinse your mouth first. You’ll feel better.
Cas sighed.
Thankfully, there were still a couple open seats a few rows from the screen. They’d hoped to be right in the front so they could react to the angel showing up faster, assuming he showed in the same spot just below the screen, but this would have to work.
Dean rolled his eyes and took a bite of his hot dog.
“What?” Dean asked without taking his eyes off the road.
They continued to make out in the dressing room until Sam finally came by and hissed that the manager had showed up and was starting to ask about the extra set of feet under the dressing room curtain. Begrudgingly, they separated and made their way up front. Dean made another plea to the girl at the front counter and her boss to let him buy the Zeppelin poster, but was denied again.
“Earth to Cas,” Dean called out a few rows above where Castiel was standing. “You gonna gawk there all night or are you planning to help?”
“Did you just fly from the backseat to the front seat?” Dean asked.
Cas was gorgeous, insanely smart, and had the driest humor of anyone Dean had ever met. The combination left Dean stumbling over his words like all of the airhead pretty boys he’d played in movies.
Dean’s eyes drifted over to the window facing the parking lot. Cas’s old truck and Mary’s Charger would be pulling in soon. Dean would need to look over the truck when he finally convinced Cas to come back to the bunker for longer than a shower and a few hours of stillness. Cas mentioned that the heater took a long time to heat up. Dean had ordered replacements for a few of the belts and miscellaneous filters shortly after Cas had gotten the truck. The last of them had finally arrived at their P.O. Box last week.
Dean studied a shadow on the wall and counted to ten to keep from yelling. “No, is it relevant?”
Dean’s fork scraped across his plate. He looked down to see the last of the cherry filling and crust was gone. He put his fork down on the plate and reached for his coffee.
“It’s a date,” Dean said.
“No,” Cas said. “Dillon is, to the best of our knowledge, dead. But someone or something is posing as Dillon’s ghost and using the film festival to preach to the crowd.”
“Are you sure rock salt bullets will work on this ghost?” Castiel asked.
“You have to take better care of yourself, Dean,” Cas said.
“What face?” Sam asked without looking up from the menu.
“You were telling me that something had you spooked at the park this morning,” Sam said.
“Uh, thanks,” Dean said. “You, yeah.”
Dean stared at his food and hoped that the conversation would die before someone asked him to elaborate. Luckily, Sam was able to distract their mom with an unrelated question Dean didn’t really pay attention to.
Sam met Dean’s wide eyes with his own confused expression. They looked around the theater and saw a large portion of the audience were praying too.
“I’m not sure,” Cas said as he turned the orb over in his hands.
“Is it humming?” Sam asked from the passenger seat.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “And it looked a hell of a lot like you were trying to get yourself killed in the middle of his revenge kick.”
“Yeah, and it’s scary as hell when they do,” Sarah said.
“Ah shit,” Dean hissed. “That stings.”
“Dean had a lot of friends at that age. He was a sensitive little boy, but eager to get to know everyone he came across. It seemed like every day he had five new best friends,” Mary said. “But one day he came home to tell me all about this boy in class. That boy was the first friend Dean talked about regularly.”
“I don’t know, man,” Dean said. “I’m just not in the mood for Valentine’s Day this year. What with Sam meeting Eileen, Bobby and Ellen finally getting together. I’m pretty sure my mom is dating again. Hell, even Charlie has a girlfriend she refuses to introduce to me yet. I just...”
Dean turned away from Castiel who was staring at the far wall with the blank soldier expression he defaulted to when he needed something to hide behind. Dean reached behind himself to undo the laces at the back of the hospital gown. The bruising on his ribcage was fading from purples to greens. He tossed the hospital gown onto the poor excuse for a pillow on his right and picked up the flannel Castiel had thrown at him earlier. There was a t-shirt wrapped up in it, but Dean didn’t have the energy for putting on his usual layers today. He just wanted to be covered and on his way back to the bunker as soon as possible. That meant getting dressed and getting back to ganking the son of a bitch that had put him in the hospital.
“I almost got you all killed, again,” Castiel said. His eyes turned steely and Dean felt Castiel’s jaw tense beneath his palm. “I almost got
Donna nodded toward their joined hands. “Looks like you two have become close friends.”
It was during these venting phone calls that Castiel learned more about the background of everything that had happened in Arizona. The vessel Kushiel had used, the pastor named William, really was Ashley’s stepfather. Carolynn had gotten remarried when Ashley was an adult. It happened during a time in Ashley’s life when her relationship with her mother was strained and in danger of breaking entirely. William had, before Kushiel took over, been a good influence on Carolynn. He’d brought out the caring woman Ashley remembered from when she was a young girl before her father had died and left them broke.
Dean rubbed at his chest and leaned against the brick wall of an old church. It had only been a couple weeks, but he missed hearing that laugh in person.
“Yeah, you already said that, buddy,” Dean said. “You care to explain why you’re still here?”
The cafe was only a couple blocks from the movie theater in the middle of the historic district in town. A poster advertising the festival hung on the wall just inside the glass door on the wall of the cafe. Art from what Sam assumed were local artists lined the walls.
“Okay, um,” Dean said as he played with Castiel’s hair. “We can change this up later if you need to. Or whatever.”
It looked like the angel was glowing with grace.
“Oh, Summer would love that,” Nicole said. She pulled out her phone and gave Sam the information.
“Why were you crying, Dean?” Cas asked. Like that was an okay thing to ask someone.
Today, he didn’t have the chance to feel any of those things. The diner was far too busy for Dean’s thoughts to stray beyond which tables needed refills and which orders went where. He loved it when they were busy.
“I should have dragged you along to one of these things sooner,” Dean whispered in Cas’s ear while they stood on the red carpet facing the swarm of photographers and press. “You’re a hit with them.”
“Okay, you’re not ready for gallows humor. Good to know,” Dean said.
Cas froze. His expression was careful, guarded in a way that cut straight through Dean’s heart. “I thought you didn’t like being watched in your sleep.”
Find me on tumblr: amirosebooks
“Yes,” Dean called out at the tv. The main character just picked up her best friend from the airport. The hug the two women shared when they were reunited always made Dean’s chest ache for reasons he didn’t want to study too closely. “See, that’s who you should be with. Dump that loaf already!”
Shame and memories from years before nipped at Dean’s heels. Anxiety-tinged bile clawed at the back of his throat as he all but slammed the men’s room door shut behind himself.
Cas grunted.
“Hurry it up, will ya?” Dean said with a shuddering smile. “It’s too fucking quiet here without you.”
“I’ve got to burn the tape, Cas,” Dean said. The words felt like he was digging the bits of his shattered heart out of his chest with blunt fingernails. “I can’t let you stay lost here like this. You deserve better. You deserve to move on, Cas.”
“Okay with what?” Dean asked. “I’m not his mom.”
“Go fuck yourself,” Scott said as Cas closed the door behind them.
Cas’s body shook as he laughed. “Yes, you really should have. We’ll do that tomorrow.”
“I don’t either,” Cas said. “You make it hard not to.”
With his eyes closed Dean could almost pretend that he’d worked up the stones to pull Cas this close when Cas was still alive. When they were both alive enough to feel it.
“Dean…” Cas’s mouth hung open for a moment.
Cas shrugged. “That part didn’t go according to plan, no, but at least neither of us is alone.”
Dean’s shoulders slumped.
“A grieving man,” Cas said.
“Then why is Dean hiding his relationship from me?” Mary asked.
Dean nodded briefly only because he was curious what the angel would do, nothing more. He was such a fucking liar.
Sam glared at him as he stood up.
Dean huffed out a bitter laugh.
“Bringing me to the kitchen probably would have been easier than dragging the whole kitchen in here.”
“I don’t know what I’m supposed to help with,” Castiel said. “I am not seasoned in summoning ghosts, Dean.”
A throat cleared to Castiel’s right. He tore his attention from Dean just in time to catch the cup of coffee Ellen was trying to push into his hands.
Dean pulled Cas down into another kiss.
It was impossible for Dean not to comply with Cas’s request. He turned, trailing his fingers along the edge of the countertop for some sense of stability as Cas’s ghostly form took shape in front of him. Dean grabbed hold of the counter behind him as his knees threatened to give out once he was facing fully forward. This was his fault.
Dean frowned at Sam as his brother walked toward the end of the ticket line.
“No,” Dean said, going still in his seat. He turned his attention to the book once more. Maybe there was something buried in that chapter about ancient wraiths they could use.
“He’s busy,” Dean said. Which was true. They’d spoken on the phone the night before for a few minutes. Cas had warned him he’d be traveling a lot the next few days and wasn’t sure if he’d be able to respond to Dean quickly. That didn’t make Dean wish to hear from him any less. “You find anything on your end?”
After another close call with a monster a few weeks later, it was Dean who clutched at Castiel’s cheeks and stared into his blue eyes in the rain while repeating the words
“Do you think she could have found out you and Dillon were something more than friends before his accident?” Dean asked.
“This seem weird to you?” Dean asked.
“I didn’t…” Dean’s mouth snapped shut as Cas turned and started making his way down the aisle in the opposite direction. “I never said their music wasn’t good.”
Dean’s breath hitched as his eyes opened. He studied his white knuckle grip on the counter and willed himself not to turn around. If he didn’t turn around he could pretend it was real. That Cas was really there waiting impatiently for his turn with the pot of coffee. As long as he didn’t turn around Dean wouldn’t have to face the ice cold reality of losing him all over again.
After they’d loaded up on clothes they toured through the electronics section where Dean found an old video game system for The Dean Cave before moving on to the music section. The box of vinyl records was already picked over pretty well by hipsters, but the cassette tape collection had a few Dean was missing.
The words tasted like a lie on his tongue, but he didn’t know why. Surely his nightmares and dreams weren’t real. They couldn’t be. All those monsters. All that blood on his hands.
Dean paced through the bunker rolling his eyes at the hunter on the phone. He’d called one of Bobby’s old contacts who was known for keeping an ear to the ground in hopes the man had heard something about Kelly Kline’s whereabouts. Or if he knew of any way to keep a nephilim from being dangerous to the world at large or how to kill Lucifer or anything helpful at all.
“That was a serious question,” Mary said.
“I really don’t like dying,” Castiel whispered.
and a smile.
Clinging to a ghost was a bizarre, indescribable sensation. Dean could feel the fabric of the ugly trench coat Cas had worn on the funeral pyre beneath his fingers but he was also aware that his hands were holding nothing but dead air in front of him. The cold wasn’t bothering Dean as much anymore. Whether that was because his body was going as numb as his nerves or something else he didn’t really care.
Dean returned his attention to the sandwich ingredients he had spread out on the counter. Peanut butter and jelly. Of course it was peanut butter and jelly.
“Of course,” Cas said. “I will call you when I’m close.”
The older woman walked away quickly as Nicole came to a stop in front of Dean and Sam with a cheerful grin on her face. The rest of the prayer circle followed Carolynn into the theater.
To keep himself from doing just that here at
“Okay,” Cas said.
“What happened to you?” Castiel asked. “How did you end up like this?”
“You said Prescott, right?” Cas asked.
“I wouldn’t mind helping you with your research either,” Ricky said.
“I started feeling like a piece of meat. Or a cardboard cutout,” Dean said. “I wanted to branch out so I begged for the chance to play Jimmy and once I got it I was terrified. Hell, I’m still scared about what people will think of it. That’s why I’ve got my emotional support here with me on the red carpet tonight.”
He read through what Sam had printed out. It was a newspaper clipping about mysterious technical difficulties that took place at a small town theater during a recent film festival showing of the 90’s John Travolta film,
“Hey Cas, Sam found us a case,” Dean said. “Another one of your feathery siblings is causing a fuss in public. We’re leaving for…” Dean picked up the flyer and looked for the address of the theater. “Prescott, Arizona in the morning. It’ll probably take us a couple days to get there.” He paused, fought with himself, and eventually gave in. “Let me know if you can make it out there. We could use your expertise on this one.”
“He was in a motorcycle accident about six months ago,” Scott said. “He was on his way back to Prescott from Phoenix. The highways between the two cities don’t have street lamps, they’re mostly high speed and have a lot of blind corners. The truck driver insists he only looked down for a second, but it was long enough.”
Cas’s fingers wrapped around Dean’s cock. The lube had started to grow tacky on his skin, making each stroke of Cas’s hand tug a little more rough than it would otherwise. Dean was too turned on for the irritating sensation to do anything to dampen his horniness. He needed to come and he wanted to do it with Cas touching him.
Commotion from the back of the theater caught their attention. They stood up from their seats and turned. The angel had materialized on the steps at the back of the theater instead of the front this time.
Cas’s thumb started tracing small patterns behind Dean’s ear.
Dean pressed his lips together.
The girls exchanged sideways glances then the blonde one nodded at Sam. He pulled out a chair from their table and sat down.
Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s back. Dean could feel Cas’s smile radiating off of him like sunrise over a dark horizon.
“Cas!” Dean woke up shouting and slick with sweat.
“Please,” Sam said. “Did someone approach you with this idea? We need to know.”
“In Iraq,” Scott said. “We were in the same unit. Dillon was our medic. He saved my life more times than I can count.” He cleared his throat and toyed with his coffee mug. “And in the end I wasn’t there to save him when he needed it.”
“Playing waiter, apparently,” Castiel said as he pushed the coffee towards Dean. “I’m not interrupting anything, am I? Are you waiting for your date?”
“I don’t know, Joyce,” Dean said. “One minute I was fine. I’d just cashed out a table and wished the family goodnight. Then the next thing I knew I couldn’t breathe and I ran to the restroom, so I didn’t scare any of the customers.”
Dean hummed in agreement. “Ones you only wear for me because they look too damn good on you.”
Sam’s expression folded into one of disbelief and disgust. “Why the hell would I be texting Jody like that? You know what, no, don’t tell me. I don’t need to know how your brain works.”
“Cas,” Dean said, shaking his head and willing himself to pull out of Cas’s grip. “You know what’ll happen if I keep you tied here like this. I can’t do that to you. I lo—.”
“Uh, yeah,” Sam said.
“It’s fine. I miss him. It’s strange the little, random things that remind me of him these days,” Scott said. He shrugged and ran a hand through his unruly hair. “Let’s go sit down. I’m afraid I only have a cheap card table and folding chairs to offer, but it’s better than the floor. What do you want to know about Dillon?”
“What case?” Dean asked. “You didn’t say anything about a case.”
“Just cause I was drunk doesn’t mean I didn’t mean it,” Dean said. “You shouldn’t love me. Everyone who’s ever loved me has gotten hurt or dead or both. And everyone I’ve loved… dammit Cas, how many fucking times do I have to watch you die, man?”
“Yeah, those books are awful,” Sam said nodding his head. “Hopefully that tv show idea won’t go anywhere.”
Summer’s laughter died down, and she dabbed at the corners of her eyes with a napkin. She looked from Mary to Sam and leaned back in her seat.
By the time they reached the men’s clothing section, Cas was finally talking to him again. Dean gave him pointers on what kinds of clothing Cas would need and tried his best to keep his opinions about the prints and colors Cas gravitated towards to himself. It was difficult not to raise an eyebrow at the oversized blue sweater with an embroidered rubber duck on it, but Cas’s smile when he showed it to Dean helped Dean cover his knee-jerk what-the-fuck-is-that reaction. He also made sure Cas knew what kinds of things
Dean wasn’t facing them when Cas said it, but Sam recognized the disappointed lilt in his brother’s shoulders. It was gone by the time Dean turned to pat Cas on the shoulder. “Okay buddy, it was good to see you.”
“One of the people online said the angel looked like a ghost,” Dean said with a laugh. “Which is… nuts. I mean, angels don’t become ghosts.”
“What the hell was that?” Dean asked Cas who sat silently next to him.
“Desperate times,” Dean said. He picked up the mug of coffee he’d left on the table before his phone call and took a sip. It was cold. He made a face and stared down at the dark liquid before shrugging and downing the rest in a few quick gulps. He put the empty mug back on the table and fidgeted with the handle. “I want a solid lead on this Lucifer’s baby mama drama. So we’re not all scattered to the wind trying to find clues.”
“Let’s dig in,” Mary said. “I’d like to get to the motel to change before we start interviewing people.”
Crossing the room and gathering Cas into a tight hug felt as natural as breathing. He still smelled the same in Dean’s arms. Tears fell unbidden down Dean’s cheeks as Cas returned the hug and they sunk into each other.
Dillon’s words got louder and more frantic as he spoke.
“I know why you fight, Dean,” Castiel said. “I meant, I don’t know how you can keep getting so close to death without letting it break you. I sat up for hours in the shower then in the library just staring. Every time I close my eyes I taste my blood in my mouth. I see you and Sam and Mary standing there watching me die and getting yourselves killed in the process and I’m always helpless to stop it. I see myself failing over and over again.”
He reached out and hooked a finger in Cas’s shirt, somewhere around the angel’s bellybutton. He tugged until Cas was closer. Close enough that they were sharing breath, and the only thing Dean could really see were those blue eyes.
“How did he die?” Dean asked as he settled into an uncomfortable folding chair. He took a sip of his coffee and avoided Cas's sideways glare.
Dean stared at the far wall over Cas’s shoulder while the angel lifted the fabric. When Cas reached Dean’s ribs, he tapped the uninjured side with his finger to signal to Dean that he needed Dean to raise his arms higher.
“You,” Dillon said. “The rebel. Good little soldier. Led us into battle. Led us into war. Led us to fall. You did this. You.”
Dean closed his eyes and pressed his nose and mouth into Castiel’s thick hair. He breathed in deeply, flooding his lungs with the comforting smell of Castiel. It was different now thanks to life in the bunker and his time spent as a human. Different from the smell that had soaked into the trench coat Dean had carried around dutifully when he’d thought Castiel was gone forever. Different from the smell that used to invade his lungs when he’d clutched at that dirty trench coat like a pillow on nights when it felt like his chest was going to crack open wide with grief.
“Huh,” Dean said for lack of anything better to say. Never did he think he’d get the chance to experience the embarrassment of his mother bringing up his first crush on another guy. It was simultaneously mortifying and awesome. “Yeah, I think I remember bits and pieces about that.”
Dean kissed him for all the times when he hadn’t had the courage to tell Cas how much he loved him. Including this moment.
“What is that thing?” Dean asked as he threw the car into gear. His attention flipped from the road to the rear view mirror where he watched Cas studying the glowing orb the size of a basketball they’d found in the old warehouse.
“If you say so,” the waiter said. “My name is Ricky, and I’ll be your server this morning.”
“I should let you rest.”
“I don’t want to fight with you,” Dean said in the lowest whisper he could manage. He barely heard himself speak. He wasn’t positive the words didn’t rattle around in his mind like so many other words he didn’t have the courage to send out through his lips into the world.
“You died on me again,” Dean said. “I thought I told you never to do that again.”
Then Dean was climbing onto Cas’s lap.
“No,” Cas said with all the holy vengeance he used to keep on tap years ago when they’d first met. It was like hearing a ghost of a ghost in that determined voice. “It was a gift and I intend to keep it.”
Cas shrugged, then manhandled Dean’s head back down. “Yes, I did.”
“The ghost was friskier than I expected.” Dean gave him a lazy wink. “I can’t help it that even the dead want a piece of this.”
They had their own routine for nights like this. Cas would remove a few layers of clothing at Dean’s insistence, then settle under the blanket on the left side of the bed. They’d prop Dean’s laptop on their thighs, and Dean would pretend that they were close enough together to satiate his craving for Cas’s touch.
Mary looked from Dean to Cas. Dean watched the gears in her head spinning like she was trying to work something out. Eventually, she shook her head and turned her attention to Sam.
Dean shook his head to dispel thoughts of his brother.
“I’m sure he wouldn’t blame you,” Cas said. “You can’t carry that burden with you forever.”
“Dean?” Another voice asked. This one was deeper than the other man’s voice. Tears sprung in Dean’s eyes and threatened to spill onto his cheeks.
What was supposed to be just one lunch meeting to take general notes about the role and questions Dean could focus on when finding his character’s motivation turned into regular visits, phone calls, emails, and late nights staring at the ceiling of whatever room Dean was living out of at the time thinking about something Cas had said.
“Drink orders?” Dean asked.
And oh, what a kiss this was.
He let go of Cas’s wrist as Cas wrapped his hand around the nape of Dean’s neck until he was cradling Dean’s head.
“Yeah,” Sarah said. “I like to take a mid-jog break under the trees in the park. Like I said, the whole space felt weird this morning, so I was looking around more than usual trying to see if the javelina were still out or something.”
Sam gave her a tight smile.
“You should eat something,” Cas said as he tore his gaze from Dean’s.
“There’s something else,” Dean said. He swallowed hard and steadied himself before continuing. “The angel… there’s something off about him. The video Sam showed me was really low quality. And the comments from people online said a lot of crazy things, but… ”
Cas’s laugh rumbled in his chest below Dean’s fingers. “It is. I… I wanted a piece of you when I came back and found you gone.”
Dean started off down the hallway. From the sound of stomping feet, Cas was quick on Dean’s heels. An iron-like grip took hold of Dean’s arm and spun him around.
“Huh? Oh, no,” Dean shook his head as he looked between the empty glass next to the whiskey bottle and the steaming mug of coffee. He grabbed the coffee and took a sip. “The date was over hours ago. Did I... Did I drunk dial you or something?”
“Yeah Sam,” Dean said. “Benny, Crowley. Lee, you remember him, right? His dad was one of dad’s only hunter friends.”
The ghost in the theater had appeared far across the room from where Sam and Dean sat, but Dean was sure the ghost they were looking for belonged to Dillon Bonner.
Dean saw movement to his left. Sam walked toward him and held up their tickets between two of his fingers. Dean nodded at him.
“Did your wife find out that you and your friend were sleeping together before he died?” Cas asked.
“That’s nice,” Summer said. “It’s good to have faith that strong, Sam. Now, I really must be going.”
Finally, Cas met Dean’s eyes. There was so much weight in the expression on his face, Dean felt like he was staring down a tornado or a train, or maybe bracing himself on a beach somewhere while a giant wave crested on the horizon.
“Cas,” Dean whispered. ‘Hurts’ didn’t begin to cover the all encompassing black hole ache that had swallowed him whole when he watched Cas’s wings ash out on that beach.
“What’s up, mom?” Dean asked.
“Hey now,” Dean said. “We’re just trying to get infor—”
Sam handed over the key and Dean stormed off before Sam could say anything else.
The dungeon was lit no brighter than candlelight, but it looked almost like daylight to Dean’s eyes after being down here for so long. Cas sat with his back against the opposite wall of their cell. His face was bruised, his eyes  closed and his legs were stretched out next to Dean’s. There was an inch or two of space between them that Dean felt like a hot line of want along his thigh.
“Dean,” Cas said. “I’ve wanted to be near you in any way you would let me since I saw the light of your soul in Hell.”
Dean and Sam shared a look.
on Tumblr)
Sam’s ranting picked up in tempo and cut off when Dean hung up the phone. He turned on the do not disturb timer and slipped it into his pocket before meeting Cas’s eyes again. He cleared his throat. “Little brothers can be such cockblocking mooses, am I right?”
Dean swallowed. “Well, when you put it like that…”
Dean let go of Castiel’s hair. He cupped Castiel’s cheek and tilted Castiel’s face so Dean could meet his wandering eyes.
Cas used his whole body to roll his eyes. “You’re ridiculous.”
“Everything, Cas,” Dean said. “I want things with you I’ve never wanted with anyone else, not this badly. I don’t want to fuck this up.”
“Son of a bitch,” Dean said.
“Nope, I’m saving room for movie theater food.” Dean patted his stomach. “I want the biggest bucket of buttered popcorn they’ve got, a hot dog with all the trimmings, a box of candy, and a soda as big as your face to wash it all down.”
“Hashtag,” Sam said, like that explained anything.
Strong arms wrapped around Dean’s waist. He looked over his shoulder at the stranger with messy hair, stubble-covered jawline, and light eyes. The man raised his eyebrows in a silent question to see if Dean was okay with the attention. Dean nodded and sunk back against the man’s chest as they started to dance together.
“Cas?” Dean asked.
Dean glared at him.
“Nothing that makes sense,” Sam said.
“I’ll take a look at it after we leave,” Cas said.
They trekked through the woods in silence. Cas didn't let go of Dean and Dean didn't point out that fact. He kept them traveling in roughly the direction Dean thought the nearest major highway was in.
Dean closed his eyes and tipped his head back against the dungeon wall. Cas’s words seemed to echo on the stone around them and through the corners of Dean’s mind.
. There was a little house emoji at the end of the message.
“We have days until the next time Dillon is supposed to appear, Cas,” Dean said. “We could have come back later to ask that shit. Why did you…?”
He shivered.
It didn’t take long for the mantra to become a daily habit of theirs.
“And here I thought you were looking for a Stepford Wife of your own,” Castiel said. “I guess i should tell the Girl Scout leader and the physical therapist ladies I had waiting on standby that you’ve changed your mind.”
There was only one problem.
The humming from the orb turned sharper, almost painful. Green light began to pour out of the engravings. The light filled Baby’s interior casting sharp shadows and blinding them to the outside world.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas answered after two rings.
They’d figured out sometime after the mess with the Mark of Cain and Lucifer possessing Cas, that Cas was able to get drunk if he focused on suppressing his grace. Well, the actual conversation they’d had about that involved a lot more quantum theory, physics, and metaphysical mind-numbing factoids than Dean could really appreciate. That conversation had boiled down to two things for Dean. One, Cas could get drunk if they got enough liquor in him quickly. And two, when Cas went on infodump rants like that it became really hard not to kiss him.
“Are we seriously listening to genie in a fucking bottle right now?” Dean asked. Sam cackled in the passenger seat. His forehead was nearly on the dashboard as he clutched his stomach and laughed. Dean glared at his brother for another moment before turning the glare towards the rearview mirror and his boyfriend staring placidly at him from the back seat. “What the fuck, Cas?”
The man who opened the door had sandy blond hair and a scraggly beard that reminded Dean a little bit of the first time he’d met Chuck.
Cas’s voicemail picked up and Dean felt himself smile at the recording of Cas’s voice.
. The next page looked like Sam had hit ‘print’ on a page of messages from one of those social media sites he seemed to like so much.
“Of course.”
He shifted his bounty of snacks and drinks in his arms so he could reach the doorknob leading to The Dean Cave. He kicked the door shut behind him after flipping on the lights.
They weren’t even talking.
“You doing okay?” Sam asked.
Dean nodded.
“Well, Sammy refuses to walk the red carpet anymore.”
The air between them grew heavy and humid. Cas turned toward Dean and brushed the tip of his nose along Dean’s cheek. Dean closed his eyes and Cas started to move them in a circle.
“What kind of business?” Ricky asked.
Joyce grabbed two coffee mugs and filled them. “The other one asked for a strawberry milkshake and a water.”
Cas turned to Dean again with narrowed eyes. “I thought you didn’t want me to risk myself to heal you.”
“Do you mean that?” Dean asked. “Do you... Would you want a chance with me?”
“Cas.” Dean’s voice cracked as he spoke. The only thing keeping him from collapsing in grief right then was that stupid countertop. Cold spread through his body from his shoulder and his back as Cas came closer. It felt wrong. So wrong. Cas had always run warmer than a human thanks to his grace. To feel his touch run so cold hurt on too many levels to keep track of. “I’m so sorry.”
“Got it,” Dean said as he turned to make the shake.
Cas’s frown deepened. “I don’t understand. Dean has been involved with many different men over the years. Is there another definition of straight I’m not aware of?”
“What are you saying?” Scott asked. “Is there a chance he’s still alive out there?”
“How do I use this?” Castiel asked. He'd seen the brothers use it a few times over the years, but now that it was in his hands it seemed more confusing than he'd imagined.
Sam’s expression softened. “It has.”
They'd had an argument about whether Cas should accept and consume whatever the people they were interviewing offered. Dean explained it was polite to do so and that taking care of others helped some people grieve. Cas still wasn't a fan of needlessly eating food, as he repeatedly bitched at Dean about between interviews, but he had a soft spot for coffee. A soft spot he seemed to enjoy indulging now that he had permission to do so.
“I know that,” Dean said. “But unless you can tell me it’ll end before tomorrow morning, I’d like to spend a little time enjoying what we’re trying to save.”
“It's already turned on,” Dean said. He pointed at the lights along the top. “When these light up and she starts singing, that means we've got a spirit nearby.”
Dean drank his water and tried not to think about how gross and domestic this was. Gross in the literal way and in the cheek warming, heartbeat pounding rom-com kind of way. No one had ever taken such delicate care of Dean the way Cas did. Not since Dean was a toddler.
“Seriously?” Dean asked, glancing in the mirror to look at Cas. “Metatron didn’t load you up with Lovecraft? No eldritch horrors? The fuck, man.”
Scott raised his eyebrows as he settled into the seat across from Dean.
“I suppose not,” Cas said.
“What took you so long?” Dean asked.
“Yeah, I did,” Dean said. Cas’s attention snapped up and he met Dean’s gaze with wide, unblinking eyes. Dean reached over and took hold of Cas’s hand. He wrinkled his nose at the goo congealing between their fingers then forced himself to look away and not think about the feeling. “What do you say we get a separate room tonight?”
Cas rolled his eyes.
When they got closer to the theater, Dean noticed a group of people standing outside in a rough circle. They were holding hands with their heads bowed. Dean and Sam exchanged a glance. Sam shook his head to indicate that he hadn’t seen them out front before when he was in line.
Ricky left after taking their orders and returned soon after with a carafe of coffee and four mugs. They thanked him, and he promised to have their food ready soon.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come in, Cas,” Dean said.
“Is this about my concussion?”
“That’s hotter than it should be,” Dean said. “I’m going back to hell for sure now.”
Castiel grabbed the duffel bag and followed them out of the room. Dean’s spirits lifted as the elevator reached the ground floor and the glass doors leading out of the hospital came into view. His high spirits crashed and burned when he saw the white economy rental car that unlocked with the push of a button in Castiel’s hand.
“Cas, wait.” Dean barely managed to push the door to their motel room closed again. He bracketed his arms around Cas. It took his full body weight leaning on the door to discourage Cas from ripping it open. His breath gathered in a bundle of nerves in his chest, and his next words rushed out in a panic. “Cas, please.”
“You’ll be okay,” Cas said.
He pulled away from the kiss to press his nose against Cas's cheek.
“That’s not how--” Sam pressed his lips together. “Dammit, Dean.”
“What?” Dean asked looking at Cas in confusion.
“I had no idea they could be so dangerous,” Mary said. “I mean, I read John’s journal and looked over the notes you guys made, but this is… I don’t know what this is.”
Dean had never told anyone he considered the left side of the bed Cas’s. He wondered if Cas knew.
Dean swallowed hard. His eyes burned as he captured Cas's mouth again. He kissed his thanks into Cas's mouth. His thanks for Cas rescuing him from Hell. For putting up with Dean’s crap for so many years. For just being there even in times when Sam couldn’t even stand to be around him.
He closed the top on the bottle of lube and tossed it at the dashboard. Judging by the clattering sound that followed he must have missed the dash. Whatever, he’d find it later. His head fell back against the window as he started to slowly stroke himself.
“Allergies,” Dean said immediately. “There was dust in my eyes.”
Dean nodded and fixed his attention on the space in front of the screen just a couple rows in front of them. A whisper went through the crowd. The man seated to Dean’s left folded his hands and started to pray again.
“Is that what humans are calling it now?” Cas asked. “I thought masturbation was still the generally accepted term.”
“Right,” Dean said. He nodded for a while then shook his head and turned to face Sam. “Actually, uh… Look, I saw you this morning. After. Wh-when you ran away.”
“Yes,” the kid said. He looked like he could be in college, but the lightness around him felt like that of a little kid. “I like milkshakes.”
Dean’s breath clouded in front of his face as the EMF reader in Castiel’s hands came to life with lights flashing and alarms sounding.
“Wait, several?” Sam asked.
“Dean’s been chomping at the bit to work a case for weeks now,” Sam said. “The least I can do is let him interview a few people while I try to see if there’s another angle we can work in the meantime.”
Dean cleared his throat and took a steadying breath.
“Date night?” Cas asked before looking around the alley. “I wasn’t aware you were on a date with someone.”
“Is everything okay?” Cas asked as he entered the kitchen.
“What’s so bad about Tom Cruise?” Sam asked. “Top Gun is great.”
“Whatever you say, asshole,” Dean said as he held Cas by the shoulders and steered him through the store to the dressing room. When they got there, Dean sorted through the pile of clothing Cas had found before nudging his boyfriend into the room. “Try those on and let me see them before you change again.”
Dean Jones wiped down the bar top counter and watched the window of the diner. The world slipped by in passing cars and walking strangers on the other side of the glass. Sometimes he liked to imagine where all those people were going. What kind of lives did they lead? Did any of them dream of monsters like he did?
The man with the blue eyes stared at him with a small smile. “Hello, Dean.”
“I, uhm...” Cas looked down for a moment then looked out the window above Dean’s head. “I finished already. When you were... orgasming.”
“That’s right,” Dean said, propping his right arm on the table. He pointed at the band then at Cas as he continued to speak. “It’s your first concert, right? So, we’re gonna listen to music and we’re gonna drink until you start to feel something.”
“Coffee,” Mary said as she wrapped her hands around her mug and lifted it so she could drink. She hummed happily. “That’s not half bad.”
They'd never really dated, but Dean didn't know what else to call the first guy he'd made out with and later exchanged handjobs with. Back then Danny was just as deep in the closet as Dean was. The son of a conservative senator and the star of the football team, Danny had more to lose socially if anyone else knew he liked dick. John would have beat Dean bloody if he'd ever gotten confirmation of his suspicions about Dean, but Danny would lose his future.
won’t know what to do with myself on Friday nights.”
“Not really,” He said. “He always had a really tight hold on his emotions.”
Dean clenched his teeth.
Joyce would melt away to show a girl with blonde hair twirling a knife between her fingers or a girl with red hair and a bright smile who talked with her hands while recounting sword fights.
Half the bar--Ash, Jo and Ellen being the loudest--whooped and hollered in the background in celebration of them two of them finally figuring their shit out.
Dean grinned at him.
Cas smiled and hummed. “Just don’t… how did you put it? Get dead again.”
“He’s no Tom Cruise.”
“Yes, Cas,” Dean said. “That’s exactly what I expected you to do. That’s what I wanted you to do so that more people wouldn’t be dead right now.”
release.”
“Shut up,” Dean said.
Sam cleared his throat. “Like Cas? Yeah.”
“I do not enjoy the Lovecraftian’s,” Cas said from the backseat.
“Unbelievable.” Cas shook his head. He looked around their motel room like he’d misplaced something vital and needed to find it as soon as possible. He ran both of his hands through his hair before snatching his keys to the room from the table where he’d thrown them. “I’ll be leaving, then.”
“Oh, fuck you,” Dean said. He rolled over on the driver’s seat so his back was to Cas.
“And?” Dean asked.
Castiel blinked at him then glanced at the clock on his laptop. Had it only been that long?
Dean stared at the steering wheel. Crickets sang outside the car. His mouth opened and closed before he rolled back over to look at Cas.
“I, um, sure,” Dean said. He set his mug down on the table so Ricky could reach it.
Jenny threw her arms around Sarah’s shoulders. She tilted her head to the side and grinned. “I’m so lucky you love me.”
Dean snorted.
Dean cleared his throat. “You, uh, you missed breakfast this morning.”
Cas’s laughter died down and he licked his lips before nodding. “Yes, when I… came back, I was graceless. Human. Whatever happened between when Lucifer stabbed me and when I woke up beneath the sheet Sam and Jack had draped over me while they built the pyre they intended to burn me on left me human.”
Cas took to this method of dancing much faster. He watched Dean’s eyes, face, and lips then his feet, legs, and hips moved in echo of Dean’s movements.
“I’ll wait for you, Cas,” Dean whispered.
They gave up trying to fight their way up the stairs through the solid mass of believers dropping to their knees in supplication between them and the ghostly angel. The security guards were standing at the edges of the crowd looking back and forth from the angel to the crowd, each other and back again.
“You said it yourself,” Dean said softly. “You weren't gonna last much longer in that hellhole.”
“Uh, yeah, why wouldn’t I? Have you seen how hot people are in general? Why would I only hook up with women when I could get a piece of everybody?”
Now, when they got lost or overwhelmed, they sought each other out like tree branches reaching for the sun.
Dean scraped a handful of goo from his right eye and squinted at Sam. His hair was plastered to his face and neck. A few locks of it were cured up over his nose and around his chin like his hair was blown forward in the shockwave of the explosion.
“I found a music tape at the store,” Cas said. “I thought we could listen to it. Ah, here it is.”
Sam raised his eyebrows as he looked at the collection of things Dean had gathered in the basket.
“There’s no cassette player here. I’ve got it covered though,” Dean said. He pulled out his phone and cued up one of his playlists. The music was upbeat and not something he’d play in Baby or around Sam, but he enjoyed it anyway. He tossed his duffel bag onto the far bed and took Cas's hand. “Now, I’m not great at this, but just follow what I do and how I move. It’ll be close enough.”
“We found no evidence that the ghost was a fake,” Sam said. “I thought it was a hologram or something for a minute, but there was nothing in the theater to make one.”
Those same blue eyes with heavy, drugged-out lids and scruffy beard at the end of the world. A longer beard and hospital clothes in the middle of a strange forest. A coat. A tan trenchcoat over an ill-fitting suit. Smooth jawline and smiling eyes that were once so serious.
“That’s not what I meant,” Cas said. “Dancing with Ricky wasn’t fun. I don’t understand why humans do it so often.”
Cas let go of Dean’s arm and shook his head. “Like you sleep with random waitresses when you’re mad at me?”
“I know you will.”
Dean blinked and looked around. “Wait, where is Cas?”
Dean dropped his head back to stare at the ceiling and groaned. “At least tell me you’ve found a case or, hell, even a farmers market convention thing three states over you’ve always wanted to visit. I’m going out of my mind here, Sam.”
To Castiel’s surprise, The Roadhouse was overflowing with visitors when he arrived. The old roadside bar didn’t exactly scream romance in his opinion. A couple dressed in red and pink were getting handsy with each other just outside the door into the bar. Castiel had to pull his trench coat a little tighter to keep from brushing up against them as he made his way inside. Someone, probably Ash, had hung red and pink metallic heart garland from the ceiling throughout the bar. Tendrils brushed against the heads of couples dancing and fluttered in the breeze from the ceiling fans and air conditioning vents.
“Robbie told me you…” her mouth bobbed open and shut as she seemed to be searching for words that wouldn’t hurt him. “He told me you had some kind of panic attack last Saturday night. What happened?”
Dean frowned. “What do you mean?”
Castiel hummed.
“Okay,” Dean said because he was none of the things he should have been. His grief would make him sloppy and get him killed soon enough anyway then Sam could rid the world of their ghosts. Dean only hoped he’d be reunited with Cas once all the ash settled.
His scowl was enough to tell Dean that Cas wouldn’t believe that unless he was able to check all possibilities himself. It was moments like this that Dean wished he could give some kind of comfort to offset the angel’s loss of his ability to fly like he used to. The best Dean could offer were shallow condolences and a pat on the shoulder. Fuck of a lot of help that was.
Castiel swallowed before meeting Dean’s eyes. “I’d be a fool to turn you down.”
Dean scowled. His brother was starting to pay too much attention to him.
“Will you live for me?” Cas asked.
Instead, Dean slowed.
“Or it’s really a ghost,” Dean said. “Whether it’s the ghost of an angel or a guy who liked to dress up as one we’ll figure out as we go.”
“He wandered into the clothing racks after you took off to yell at minimum wage employees,” Sam said.
“Oh, great, so your solution is to get yourself killed too?” Dean asked.
Movement on Dean’s left caught his attention. Cas settled onto the stool next to Dean and looked around the building with narrowed eyes. His hair was a wild mess and his coat could use another good wash. Maybe Dean could convince Cas to let him take it to the dry cleaners with their Fed suits instead of using his mojo to clean it.
Dean studied the glimpse of sky above them between the tree tops trying to find a recognizable star or planet to navigate by once the sun was gone.
“Dean?” Cas’s rough voice tore through the room.
“No, Cas,” Sam said. “It’s not a kids clothing store. Look, thrift stores are fine. We used to shop at them all the time growing up because the clothes there are cheap and we never had a lot of money to spare on stuff like winter coats or pants that actually fit us.”
A soft knock at his bedroom door broke through the silence.
with Cas’s family lately? It’s not bad enough that we’ve got his archangel brother trying to bring another antichrist into the world and others trying to kill the baby off before it’s even be born, but they’ve gotta go nuts in public now, too?”
Sam glared back.
“What?” Castiel said in a rough voice when he answered his phone. “Yes Sam, I’m at the hospital now. They’re letting him go as soon as he gets changed.”
Dean closed his eyes.
Castiel’s throat bobbed and he shook his head.
The rest of his words got stuck in his throat. They always did when they meant something. When they meant everything. Instead of speaking, Dean tugged Cas’s wrist until Cas’s hand was back on the side of his head. Dean kept his eyes closed tight. He brushed his thumb over Cas’s inner wrist.
The lights in the theater flickered bright, then brighter. Huge, blue-white wings stretched out from the angel’s back.
“God has abandoned us,” the angel called out. “We are all orphaned and lost.”
Dean made his way to the magazine rack as the door to the restroom closed behind his brother. Dean started to subtly stretch his sore legs as he looked over the selection of magazines. His gaze glided over the ones about guns, hunting, the porn in sealed plastic bags, and the ones about beauty. He lingered for a moment on ones related to cooking and another about home decor. Finally, he spotted a men’s fitness and lifestyle magazine with some ripped action movie star posing on the front. A headline hovered over the guy’s left hipbone which read ‘5 Simple Exercises to Beat Fatigue.’ Dean glanced over his shoulder again before picking up the magazine and flipping through the pages.
“I’d like that,” Castiel said.
“For your ribs,” Cas said as he passed Dean the bag of ice.
“We should, uh, practice with you leading this time,” Dean said.
Ellen studied him for a moment, then nodded. “I’ll have Jo bring out some burgers for the both of you.”
Cas’s attention had slipped from Dean’s shoulder to a pile of goo on the top of the seat between them. He poked it with one finger.
But this kiss? It wasn’t a goodbye. It was a
“I can’t do that,” Dean said.
Dean shrugged.
Cas’s eyes widened.
“You only left our room an hour and a half ago,” Dean said.
Fifteen minutes later, Sam and Mary stood in the middle of the park Sarah directed them to. The area was swarming with cops like every other crime scene Sam had visited over the years. Unlike many of the other crime scenes he’d been to, this one had a head detective who was more than happy to have agents from the FBI show up offering to help.
The waiter had died in that basement from Scott’s gunshot.
Dean stared at him.
“To clean the blood. You have at least one cut on your head, but I’ll have to get the blood washed away to know the full extent of it.”
Dean let go of the counter and grabbed a handful of the man’s heavy canvas jacket. He collapsed against the man.
Cas glared at Dean over the seat. “Why are you laughing?”
“Is that what you think happened?” Sam asked, baffled.
Dean closed his eyes and let himself just be.
Instead, what Dean got was a lot of old man hunter gossip that made him want to reach through the phone and choke the guy out.
“Don’t you need music to dance?” Cas asked. He patted his pockets, frowning.
“What made you fight back today?” Cas asked.
“Why do we have to wait?” Cas asked.
Dean stared at his brother.
“We’ll find her,” Dean said.
Dean walked a little further up the street from the theater and found a quiet side street. He pulled out his phone, navigated to his favorite people in his contacts list and pressed Cas’s name. He licked his lips as he slowed his pace and put the phone up to his ear.
Jo stopped by with heaping plates of burgers and fries. When Dean spotted the plates he looked at his pseudo sister like she’d hung the moon. A typical Dean Winchester expression when food, especially surprise food, was involved. After Jo returned to tending to the crowd of couples, Castiel and Dean ate in relative silence. The cheap bottle of whiskey sat off to the side, ignored.
, Dean thought.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said. “How is it going?”
“What?” Dean asked.
“I think I found something,” Sam said in place of a greeting when Dean answered the call. Dean rolled his eyes and led Cas down the alley next to the bar where he leaned against a wall and watched Cas stare back at him. Sam continued to go on and on about whatever it was that he’d found.
Dean unwrapped himself from Cas and took hold of his hand instead. Then led the way to the wall of press outlets towards one of Dean’s favorite journalists.
“Dean,” Cas said. Cas reached out to push Dean’s arms down so he was no longer pointing his gun at Scott.
Sam swallowed.
“Call Sam,” Dean said. “We need to meet up and regroup.”
Sam got used to walking into rooms to find them clinging to each other and whispering.
“You should not be here, Castiel,” Dillon said.
“Thanks,” Dean said with a tight smile.
“Good morning,” Ricky said as he arrived at the table with a tray full of food. He started sliding plates along the table, pausing to make sure he got each one to the right person. When he got to the last plate he looked at Cas with a salacious smile. “That must mean this omelet is for you, beautiful.”
The brightest blue eyes Dean could remember seeing stared back at him. The man’s dark hair was wild and ruffled on his head. His cheeks were softened by a dark beard that looked out of place.
And Dean was laughing again. Even harder this time.
. I need it.”
“Alcohol,” Dean joked. The words tasted bitter on his tongue. “Stubbornness. Denial.”
Dean nodded.
The tips of Castiel’s shoes moved into Dean’s line of sight. He closed his eyes and let his head fall farther forward. He’d spent hours mentally building himself up for a scolding conversation with Sam, who was supposed to pick him up from the hospital, he wasn’t prepared to deal with Castiel right now.
This fic, after looking through my planner and doing some math, took me five and a half months to write. I'm soooo pleased with how it turned out and I really hope those of you who have made it to the end have enjoyed reading it even a fraction as much as I enjoyed writing it. Thank you so much. -- Ami.
“I’ll hold you to that,” Dean said. Everything in him felt rubbed raw and exposed. “Don’t take too long or I’ll have to come after you myself.”
“What do you mean you kept dreaming?” Dean asked.
All too soon, Ricky, the most cheerful and flamboyant waiter Dean had seen in years, returned to their table. He refilled their coffee mugs and started in with the small talk. Dean kept his mouth occupied by drinking his too hot coffee and tried to ignore Sam’s inquisitive looks.
Dean handed Cas the phone and looked away.
“I’ll do my best,” Castiel said.
“Nothing,” Dean said. His laughter calmed to a happy sigh as he took in Castiel’s disgruntled and confused expression. “I really fucking love you.”
Dean swallowed hard.
It was a little weird to watch a movie about Robin Williams dying with the memory of his very real life death so fresh in Dean’s memory. He and Sam had spent many evenings in motels laughing at Robin’s movies, and neither of them had really been in the mood to watch them since the actor had passed.
“I may have relieved some of your pain, but no, I did not heal you.”
“What changed after he died?” Dean asked.
“Dean, I won’t last here much longer. Between the beatings and the warding…” Cas shook his head and burrowed against Dean’s right arm. “I’m surprised I’m not already dead.”
“Is there some other reason you have for not wanting to interrupt them?” Mary asked.
“I’m telling you Sam, Swayze always gets a pass,” Dean said as he waved his nearly empty beer bottle around.
“Your coffee is getting cold,” Cas said.
“Okay,” Castiel said.
They were going to die here. Tucked away in a strange, underground dungeon in the dark. The walls were covered in enough Enochian to make Chuck himself no more powerful than an earthworm. Even Dean felt a little woozy in a room with this much warding, though that might be due to the concussion he’d probably gotten when he’d rushed their kidnappers a few days ago and they sent him tumbling into the rock wall of the dungeon.
Cas turned his attention to his coffee as Ricky walked away.
Dean and Sam catch a movie.
Cas stared at him. His head cocked to the side, eyes narrowed. Dean tightened his hold on the duffel bag handle in his hand.
“Let’s save the acrobatics for after your ribs have healed,” Cas said.
“Give me that.” Dean glared at his brother as he snatched the papers from him.
“What the hell is that?” Dean asked as the orderly rolled Dean closer to the bland monstrosity.
“We need to find her, though,” Cas said. “We’re running out of time.”
The red carpet was a madhouse just like every other red carpet Dean had ever walked. Only this time all of the attention was focused on Dean alone instead of whoever the actual stars of the movie he was featured in were.
He sat back in his chair. The wood creaked under his shifting weight.
“Yeah,” Dean said. He made a mental note to find a few movies related to Heaven and angels that didn’t suck to watch with him later. Purely for the amusement factor of watching Cas tear them apart and bitch about their inaccuracies. “There’s a film festival going on with a bunch of movies about Heaven and angels. The angel showed up last weekend at the end of the first movie and started ranting at the people in the audience.”
“We ordered for you guys,” Sam said. “Food should be out soon.”
“Ignore him,” Sam said. “No, I’m not a creeper. I was thinking of organizing something similar back home, and I wanted to pick her brain about her experience with the process.”
Donna cheered. “Oh, I love it when people fall in love.”
“You thought something like that could help me with my nightmares,” Castiel said.
“Do you want me to join you?” Cas asked.
I know nothing about their actual wedding or how that went. I wanted to leave it up to the reader here. The rings made of silver just made sense to me for the hunter!husbands though so I had to include them.
And oh, wasn’t this kiss better than any pie and more brutal than any fist fight?
“I suppose it is,” Cas said.
The breath in Dean’s lungs disappeared. Cas carried the mixtape Dean had made for him in his trench coat? Fuck, it was hard not to give in to the urge to kiss Cas in moments like this.
Dean waved him off.
“Blasphemy,” the angel called out to the crowd. He gestured at the screen. “Heaven is chaos. Anarchy. Brothers and sisters without wings killing each other in your name. In the name of humanity. Not God’s. Blasphemy.”
“Just watch the damn video.”
Dean smiled down at the table. For a moment, he let himself pretend that was true. That they really were together like that and they’d been like that for that long. He’d explain what the waitress meant to Cas later, but right now, he’d pretend.
“Yes, he told me about the ‘super fan’ he acquired after joining you for the
Dean opened his eyes again, he felt more like himself. His ribs still ached something awful, but his mind was sharp again. His heart still burned and bent beneath the weight of want when he stared at Cas.
Cas hummed at him and patted his shoulder.
Castiel hummed and nodded against Dean’s collarbone.
“I don’t know that either, Dean,” Cas said. “I’m an angel, but I’m not omniscient.”
“I’ll follow you,” Cas said.
“Really?” Dean asked.
The haunting they were investigating took place in the high rise office building Danny’s husband Chris worked in. Dean and Sam were in the middle of interviewing Chris about the strange death of a coworker while Dean side eyed the picture of Chris, a little boy and a guy who looked
“And how long have you two…”
Dean swallowed against the lump in his throat.
Cas stared at him long enough that Dean started to worry that the angel didn’t understand. Eventually, he nodded.
“Like the man who runs the theater? He did help me get permission to show the films and contacted the company to make up the posters.”
“You know I can’t decipher this crap,” Dean said.
“Yes, dear,” Castiel said as he opened the bottle and took a sip.
“Dean,” she said in a low voice.
“What took you guys so long?” Sam asked when he spotted them. “There’s only so long I can stand here without someone thinking I’m a creeper and it’s way to hot to go back to the car.”
It’d been awhile since he and Dean had come across someone who’d called either of them crazy to their faces for asking questions. The time spent between those encounters usually helped Sam feel like he could pretend to be normal when interacting with strangers. Interviews going south like this always left him feeling like he was wearing a nametag that read ‘freak’ on his lapel.
