‘He’s retired. Unless it’s a holiday,’ Crowley added, grinning at the dirty look Castiel gave him.
Gabriel half-listened as Rahiti spoke, paying more attention when the man spoke of the mystery creature he had seen.
‘You know it doesn’t exist, right?’
in,’ he pointed out.
Dean sighed as he leaned back in his chair. ‘
, then so be it. A happy merman means happy employers. And happy employers means your work environment is more enjoyable. Understood?’ Michael finished with a note that left no room for argument and crossed his arms. He lifted his chin and silently challenged Azazel.
'Is it me? I could leave,' Gabriel offered.
‘Are you…okay?’
Castiel looked up and met Dean’s gaze. ‘Sorry,’ he said as he sat on the bed next to Dean. ‘I put him in the bathroom. I didn’t want you to be put off.’
‘Stop fighting it, Dean,’ Alastair said as he gently wiped at Dean’s tears with the knife he held, leaving a trail of Dean’s blood in its wake. ‘Relax.’
Hunter.
Dean sighed and glanced up at Gabriel. ‘You’re Cas’s brother… Can you give me any pointers? Anything he really likes?’
Sam blushed and hurried out the door.
‘Hey, Cas,’ he said as he shook Castiel’s shoulder.
'I intend to get fucked!'
‘It’s fine,’ Sam assured him. ‘I mean it. I don’t want you to do anything you’re not into, and I don’t want you to force yourself just to make me happy. Okay?’
Sam gave Dean one last look over his shoulder. It had taken a lot on his part, but he had finally convinced Dean to wait for Castiel to make the first move. He hoped Dean would be able to keep a cool head while he was gone.
A month had passed since Dean’s close call. Now, the two brothers were on assignment in Italy. It was a simple assignment: meet up with their contact and get the unpublicized blueprints on their next target.
Charlie nodded as she sifted through the pile of CDs and pulled out another unlabeled CD in a clear case. ‘Too bad we didn’t start sooner…’
Castiel shook his head. ‘No, that’s not the problem!’
‘Oh. Uh, yes. Sure,’ Castiel replied.
? You keep parading around with those disgusting, black
Two quick knocks came in response. 'I'm fine,' Dean's muffled voice replied. 'I'm gonna keep heading this way. See if you can't find another way.'
‘Is that Cas’s shirt?’ Charlie asked.
It was the same thing every day, and he began to dread seeing the name ‘Gabriel Novak’ attached to an email. Especially when the subject line read ‘Unicorn sighting!’, ‘Mermaids walk amongst us!’, or ‘Bigfoot and Elvis dining with aliens?!’ His older brother had a fascination with sightings of mythical beings and grotesque mutations. And who was Gabriel’s go-to guy for debunking and misquoting?
a fucking mermaid. Everyone I know is a Goddamned
Dean watched Castiel’s reaction and felt butterflies that he knew weren’t his own. ‘Where?’
Charlie stared at him. ‘Yes. That’s exactly how it works. I don’t have to adjust any levels or anything. Your mic just picks up you. No way it picks up clothes moving or annoying birds going “ka-kaw”. Do
‘Yeah. Monday! I’ll try to be there, too,’ Dean replied.
Sam had located where Anna's Grace had landed. Her pure Grace had spawned a beautiful oak tree. Dean tried to imagine what his would create. Nothing good, he supposed.
Dean stared Castiel. He slowly got off the bed and carefully approached Castiel, keeping himself between the angel and the window. He sat on the floor and gently ran his hand over Castiel’s wings. ‘It’s okay,’ he said soothingly. ‘You didn’t do anything wrong. It was all good. I…I’m sorry I ruined the mood.’
‘Nacre? Nacre.
‘Oh! I would treat him like an Archangel,’ Gabriel said. ‘He might not look it, but he has the power of one. …Sometimes.’
to do it. He got sick of being tortured himself. And wasn't that the reason souls went to Hell? To be tortured?
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Bobby, but nodded nonetheless.
That night, their actions had made the news. Many Hunters and angels were thoroughly confused with what was going on. Some angels had taken the opportunity to enjoy their new freedom, and some chose to stay by their Hunter’s side.
Dean pulled Castiel down on top of him and held him close. ‘I mean it,’ he said. ‘You’re amazing. Best I’ve ever had.’
Sam decided to take Gabriel up to the computer room. He wanted to run through what sort of supernatural creatures Gabriel had previously encountered, and what Gabriel could expect on future hunts. Gabriel reluctantly followed Sam upstairs, casting Dean worried glances.
‘How would you like to take a boat ride around the island?’ Sam asked as he propped himself on his elbow. ‘I can show you the sights… We could…go for a swim?’
Balthazar nodded happily as Castiel sputtered. He returned to the helm and continued on their original course as Castiel sank onto the deck.
Cas? Some body guard,’ Dean shouted.
It was around three in the morning when Bobby and Karen got home. Bobby was completely sore and couldn't wait to take a long, relaxing shower, followed up by an ice-cold beer.
Benny looked over Dean. ‘You look good,’ he admitted. ‘If this little scheme of yours doesn’t work, you know where to find me.’
sorry,’ he said. ‘I wasn’t expecting… Certainly not from someone of your ranking.
‘Well, they
Gabriel fell against the bed, his arms finally giving out. He groaned as he turned over and made room for Sam to settle next to him. He lazily kicked out his leg and grumbled in annoyance at the pant leg that still covered his left leg.
coming?’
Castiel frowned and looked at Dean. ‘You have a phone?’
‘Don’t sign anything,’ Castiel and Gabriel said simultaneously.
‘Bora Bora… Tropical paradise. Tourist destination.
Gabriel sat on the edge of the motel bed, staring listlessly at the bathroom door. Castiel had locked himself in the bathroom well over an hour ago under the pretense of grooming his wings. Gabriel wished there was something he could do to help his brother, but there was nothing. He couldn’t block Dean’s emotions from Castiel, and he had no way of preventing Dean from having them.
‘Er…’ Dean swallowed self-consciously and gave Karen an uncertain smile. ‘It uh…didn’t work that well,’ he replied. ‘S-sorry I didn’t say anything. I just…I didn’t want you guys to have an excuse to make him leave. And I didn’t want you to worry.’
‘I’ll be going, now,’ he said testily and shouldered the bag of camera equipment. He glanced at Dean and quickly looked away, blushing at Dean’s curious look. ‘I’d still appreciate the help.’
‘I quote a song, and you turn French? Cool.’
Sam sighed, unable to stay mad at Dean. ‘It’s fine. Just… Please. Please, don’t get caught.’
‘Okay, okay,’ Balthazar said with a laugh. He lifted his hands in a placating gesture. ‘I’m sure you have great taste in clothes and makeup.  But, really… Why didn’t you ever tell me about this?’
Dean hissed at the fullness and arched his back. ‘C-Cas… I-I… More!’
Gabriel’s mouth snapped shut.
Sam stared at Dean as he processed what was just said. ‘Mom…
Castiel gave a real smile. 'I'm sure he'll completely understand.'
Sam looked over as Dean giggled, tugging at his sleeve.
‘I remember your black eye,’ Castiel said blandly.
‘Someone would sit in
‘That’s not true,’ Dean argued. ‘It works. Maybe not that great, but it works. I’ll figure it out. Just give me one week. That’s all I’m asking for.’ He gave Castiel a light kiss. ‘Please?’
to me!’ He stared down at Castiel in betrayal.
Sam lost sight of Gabriel several times and was thankful when they reached their destination. He slowed to a jog as he neared Gabriel. When he stopped, he took in the sight before him.
‘He has a C-card,’ Charlie scoffed. ‘You kinda need to know how to swim if you wanna get one of those.’
Dean opened the door to his room. Castiel wished him goodnight and kept heading down the hallway. ‘Cas?’
‘I got the time, so I’m helping,’ Dean replied, dropping into the water. He resurfaced and pulled his torso back onto the boat. He held the scales out to Benny. ‘Keep these safe in the meantime.’
‘Why, Cas?!’ he pressed. ‘I know you. You didn’t get it for Crowley and whatever dumb project he was working on. He might have asked you to model after you got it, but he would never be the reason you got a tattoo. He’s met Mikey and Lucy. He values his life.’
‘I thought…I thought things would be different,’ he confessed. ‘But it’s all the same. Everyone’s telling me what to do. What not to do. They treat me like a…a…a broken leper!’
say the same for Gabe. Cryptozoologist manages to find what he’s looking for.’
A soft, trilling whistle drifted through the air, and Castiel relaxed as he focused on the sound. It stopped for a moment and he felt a kiss on the back of his head.
‘God sent me ‘n angel,’ Dean said with a lazy smile. ‘Sexy angel. When I find him again… I’m gonna…gonna… We’re gonna play dress up.’
have loaded the gun. He looked back up as Castiel addressed him.
Michael nodded at Lucifer then looked at the sign. ‘So…’
‘Oh, my god. Seriously?’
‘You never went to the uh…research parties I went to,’ Castiel replied.
Gabriel's mouth snapped shut, and he looked from Dean to Castiel. 'Er...well...' He let out a frustrated noise and kicked at the carpeting. 'No...,' he grudgingly admitted.
Sam was the first to wake up. As he trudged slowly towards the bathroom, he happened to glance over at the other bed. In the early morning light, he could just make out a tangle of sheets, limbs, and wings. He already knew Gabriel was a sprawler, having woken up enough times with the angel's arms and legs draped across his body, and, from the looks of it, Castiel was a cuddler. Gabriel's limbs lay on top of Castiel, and Castiel had somehow wrapped himself around the smaller angel.
‘Then…we work on getting your power under control.’
‘Dean!’
‘Alfie has earplugs,’ Gabriel replied with a gasp.
Dean tried to pull himself up, but found he didn’t have the strength. He gave up and stared up at Castiel with unfocused eyes. He had no power, and his vessel had no residual energy of its own.
After a long drive, they arrived at Bobby's. Upon stepping into the house, they were greeted with piles of boxes. Bobby was having a hard time getting even the boxes sorted, so many were filled to the brim with books, trinkets and smaller boxes. And none of them were marked.
'Look, Sam will be fine, and you'll catch yerself an angel.'
Gabriel cautiously picked up the fork. He looked from the smiling angel to the pie. He
‘Dean’s with him. I’m sure he’s fine,’ Sam said. ‘You could always go and check on him. I could take you across the lagoon.’
Seraphiel snorted and shook his head, sending a flashing wave down his mane. ‘
Castiel bit his lip and looked away as he sat up. He fidgeted with one of the couch pillows before finally meeting Gabriel’s eyes. ‘I…met someone. I’d like to meet them again…’
‘He’s declaring Dean the loser of this ridiculous love triangle,’ Balthazar announced, wrapping his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. He gave Sam a shit-eating grin.
Dean stiffened at the name. ‘That’s not your fault,’ he said haltingly. ‘I got myself caught. Wasn’t payin’ attention.’
Gabriel shrugged. ‘Usually, it’s stuff that makes him look bad or just normal. He lied to me about showing at a high end gallery and selling all his paintings. Said he was showing at some dive. But he’ll also lie about not being able to go places. Even if he has a legitimate excuse, he’ll give you some weird ass reason.’ Gabriel looked up at Dean. ‘Why do you even care?’
‘Me dating your new boyfriend’s brother,’ Dean pointed out. ‘Kinda weird, huh?’
‘Yeah…but…’
Gabriel’s mouth dropped open in shock, and he stared at the floor. Everyone had been lying to him. Why didn’t Castiel, of all people, tell him? He shrank away as Castiel touched his shoulder.
'Well—,' Dean stopped himself short. He eyed Castiel uncertainly, but his angel looked to be completely serious. He'd had some forward lovers in the past, but not one of them had ever managed to come off as innocent and sincere. 'Right now, I prefer pizza.'
‘You sure you don’t wanna take a couple days to…relax?’ Gabriel asked. He shrank back at the glare Castiel threw him.
want to do your, uh…dryad bit, then I could help you out. I’m not the best at contouring others, but I could give it a try,’ Castiel said as he tucked his phone away. He blinked at the sudden grin Gabriel shot him.
Gabriel gave Dean a doubtful stare before he stuffed the handful of condoms into his coat pocket. 'I'm onto you.'
Castiel’s steps faltered. ‘I need to stop drinking. I don’t think right when I’m drunk.’
Sam’s breath caught. ‘O-oh.’
As Dean showed Castiel around, he came to the conclusion that his angel had been a real shut-in. He didn't even know what a radio was. It was odd. He was clearly well-educated, had read a great deal of classic literature, and could easily name every spell and ward placed around the house. Which was more than Dean could say for Gabriel.
Dean shrugged as he flicked his tail back and forth. ‘I showed up a few times, and he never made any attempt to catch me. Just started calling me “Dean.” He’d talk to me, play the radio. Then he gave me his little TV,’ he said with fondness. ‘He was trying to distract me so he could fish without me getting in the way. Apparently, I scare the fish.’
‘You knew,’ he whispered.
‘Why’s that?’
. He felt like a freshly packed BubbleYum. He let out a contented sigh. There was a rustling movement just to his right. Someone was calling his name. Was it Jimmy? He hoped it was Jimmy. He had trouble turning his head to the sounds. He reached out with his hand and smiled when it was lightly grasped. He forced his eyes opened.
Bobby shrugged in response. ‘Don’t let it get to you. You probably won’t see him again, anyway. And if they
.-.-.-.-.
'Castiel.'
‘They have a little mermaid of their own, and I wouldn’t be at all surprised if they wanted Cas to play veterinarian,’ Crowley explained. ‘Mouthy little shit seems happy enough, so I wouldn’t be worried about them treating him poorly. They treat their pets better than their employees,’ he finished with a grumble.
‘Well… You met me. And you seem happy. For the most part,’ Dean said.
‘Roddy, dearest, is there something you wanted to tell me?’ Jody coolly asked.
‘So…you
Sam felt happy for his brother. It had been a while since he'd seen Dean so excited. The last time being when they first met Karen and found out she made amazing pies.
Castiel tended to be a lucid dreamer, so he imagined his unseen partner was Dean. He knew his brother would give him an earful for such thoughts, but he liked Dean. Dean was brave, good, attractive, and had beautiful green eyes. He had seen into Dean's soul and knew the attraction was mutual. So, there was nothing wrong with him dreaming about the young Hunter, right?
Balthazar waved his hand as Charlie left the scene with a nod. ‘Rolling. Anytime you’re ready,’ he said.
‘We make one final push,’ Michael suggested. ‘Give it everything we’ve got. Rush them. They certainly won’t be expecting it, and it will distract from Dean’s movements if he’s close to Castiel.’
Sam blinked as he stared at Charlie. It was a pretty decent translation of Dean’s given name. ‘No…he’s alive. He actually showed up the other day.’
'Do what?' Gabriel asked in confusion, then quickly remembered. 'Oh, so you
‘Er, my brother yelled at me for taking advantage of him,’ Dean replied.
pick a lock, you know.’
‘Yeah, that’s why I suggested going inside,’ Dean replied. He walked down the steps and wrapped his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. ‘Guess I have a few new admirers?’ he said cockily.
Bobby huffed but backed off. ‘Fine. But be quick about it.’
Balthazar shook his head sadly. ‘It’s hard being around you. Looking at you, being around you…I know why fell for you. But then you go and say or do something stupid, and I remember why I left.’
‘Right. You wanna know? You either fuck him up the ass, or he fucks
Castiel nodded to himself and sent the email on its way. Now, maybe he could get some actual work done. He still had about fifty sound files of whale songs to catalog before he could start on the dolphins.
'I'm sorry?'
‘Well, if
‘W-what?’
'Well, not everyone died...,' Sam replied. He didn't want to defend Gabriel, not exactly, but he didn't think Gabriel deserved to die. Gabriel hadn't killed any innocents. 'I mean, the ones that did die, they weren't exactly the nicest guys.'
He stood quickly and clasped his hand over his mouth as a wave of nausea crashed over him. He slowly sank back to the floor with a soft groan. He would have to wait until morning. His head fell back against the wall, and he banged it a couple times in frustration. He had a full schedule tomorrow. Samandriel had packed their days full in an attempt to beat the weather.
!’ he shouted, finally recognizing the model.
Balthazar grinned and nodded. ‘Just me.’
Sam hugged Gabriel tighter as the angel tensed up in the sudden silence. ‘Look, let’s just work on a plan of how we’re going to get in…’
Castiel narrowed his eyes as he listened. Nothing really stood out as particularly traumatizing, but… ‘
‘On the back of your right calf,’ Castiel quickly replied. ‘I wouldn’t call them “bad.” They look like they healed quite nicely. What kind of shark was it?’
‘Okay. Either you get out of there, or I get in.
Charlie pulled a disgusted face. ‘Shave your own legs,’ she shot back.
‘Subtle,’ Castiel supplied.
Castiel took the paper from Gabriel’s hand and examined it. ‘They’re giving us a great deal,’ he said before handing the sheet back and picking up his luggage and cat carrier. He headed to the door and looked over his shoulder when he didn’t hear Gabriel following. ‘Aren’t you coming?’
‘That’s not fair!’ Gabriel rounded on Samandriel and stalked up to the PA. ‘How come
‘What?’
Dean grinned and dropped back into the pool as Castiel settled in front of him—legs half in the water as he sat on the edge of the pool. He let Castiel move his hands to hold the mirror at just the right height and promised to do his best to keep still. He was mesmerized as he watched layer after layer of eye shadow was added. He had a hard time keeping his fins and tail under control when Castiel got around to putting the finishing touches of glitter on his chest and shoulders. He chirped and whistled excitedly as Castiel took the mirror from him.
'Can we watch?'
‘Disgusting,’ Jody said as she shook her head. ‘I bet he’s absolutely gorgeous, too.’
Jody reached across the table and patted Castiel’s hand. ‘If course it does.’
contract,’ Lucifer replied. He glanced up at Michael in annoyance. ‘You said you wanted a new doctor for Poseidon.’
Casitel’s eyes teared up as he stared at his ex.  He felt so light and free. ‘I should get ready.’
‘We wanna be consistent,’ Samandriel replied. ‘Besides, aren’t you trying to suck up to Castiel?’
‘It was amateur night! I was drunk!’ Castiel shouted defensively. ‘Besides, you’re so-called producers did it, too!’
‘Just my pride.’
brother.’
‘C-Charlie,’ the redhead stuttered. ‘Charlie Bradbury. Uh…I don’t…remember
‘Dean—’ Castiel was cut off by a pair of soft lips pressing against his. He tried not to melt into the kiss, but it was a hopeless battle. He brought his arms up and linked them around Dean’s neck as he deepened the kiss. He moaned in loss when Dean pulled back.
‘Oh, come on!
!’ he cried. He blinked rapidly, trying to keep the tears at bay. ‘I’m
Bobby narrowed his eyes at Dean. ‘What sorta emergency?’ he asked.
Sam watched Gabriel’s body language then looked away. ‘Never mind,’ he said. He headed over to his bag and pulled out a book.
'Sorry, I already promised him we'd help,' Sam said a little too cheerfully for Dean's taste. 'Besides, I thought we could use a break from demons and hunting.'
‘So…waterfalls, dangerous outcroppings of rocks in the middle of the ocean…’ Anna looked around for an idea. ‘Oh! A shipwreck! Are there any old shipwrecks nearby?’
He tried asking Castiel what was going on, but Castiel would just look away and shake his head. The only other time Castiel had acted so secretively was when he was contemplating running away…
way possible,’ he said. ‘So before I help you dig yourself out of your hole, tell me
The door opened a crack and Samandriel’s smiling face appeared, his blond hair poking out from under a red and white Wienie Hut cap. ‘Just wanted to let you know that I’m about to start setting up interview times,’ he said. ‘Anna’s heading out to scout some nearby locations. Uh…when did you wanna shoot the underwater scenes?’
He felt so warm. Uncomfortably warm. He refused to let go of Dean, so he raised his wings from his body in an attempt to ease the discomfort. A cool draft from the broken window brushed his feathers, and he shivered as the warmth quickly left.
‘I’m not!’ Meg shouted back. She grabbed her knife and made to attack Anna, but was met with resistance from the devil’s trap. She growled in frustration and tossed the knife back onto the table.
Castiel rolled over, but stared at Dean in confusion. ‘I don’t…I don’t know what—’
Bobby and Karen had been bound to each other for many years. He had found her when he was eighteen. At a movie theater of all places. The white shawl she wore that night fooled the other patrons, but not Bobby.
Dean could feel Castiel’s worry for him. He looked back at the computer and bookmarked all of his open windows and tabs. He pushed away from the desk and stood. ‘Fine.’
Anna stood and stared at Uriel before kicking him in the head then stepping on his neck, pulling a choked cry from the burnt angel. ‘
Dean smiled proudly from where he sat on the deck. ‘How do I look?’ he asked.
Dean made a distasteful face. ‘Definitely gives him the upper hand. Those tubs are cramped,’ he complained.
Gabriel could hear the worn tone in his brother’s voice and grimaced. ‘Sorry all this shit got dumped on you… It wasn’t s’posed to be all at once.’
‘I’m good with this side,’ Balthazar replied. ‘If
He sighed in frustration and gave his wings a quick flap, straightening out his feathers. He decided to wait for Dean to return to the room.
‘I don’t know what you mean,’ Dean admitted. ‘I can’t stop you from…dating around. It’s your choice in the end. How else are you gonna pick the right…um…’ He paused, trying to think of another word for ‘mate.’ ‘The right…y’know…’
Gabriel shook his head and leaned back. ‘No offense, Sam, but uh…I don’t really wanna get in a boat with you anytime soon. Don’t like ‘em to start with, but that was…not fun.’
‘Well, then. Where do you want me to
Sam and Gabriel stopped on the porch steps and turned to look at Castiel. Gabriel caught his brother’s stare and immediately jumped down from the porch. A quick beat of his wings softened his landing, and he ran to join Castiel behind Dean.
‘With or without the cuff?’
the one that wants nothin’ to do with me!’ Dean gasped and lightly touched his side.
‘Or free us.’
‘Doctor…Seksi—‘
.-.-.-.-.
It was hard to keep the smile off his face as Pamela messed with Sam. It made him feel a little better about the whole situation.
Crowley pulled out a sheet that displayed one of the upper floors. ‘Seventh floor, northeast corner,’ he said, tapping on the outline of the room. ‘Gabriel’s is on his left, mine is on his right.’
Dean growled in frustration. He sat on the floor in front of Castiel and stared at the angel, wondering what he should do. Castiel looked so broken. It was depressing to see, and he knew he was the cause of it. And he just seemed to be making it worse.
‘Does he need a doctor?!’
'Yeah...'
Castiel looked back at the fish. It was an impressive catch at about five-and-a-half feet. Dean had caught him a fish. That was…thoughtful. Certainly more interesting and useful than flowers. He frowned and looked at Benny. ‘Where is he?’
‘Dean threatened you? Good!’
'Yeah, fallen angel. But it looks like he has all his powers, unlike Anna. Oh, he always has green eyes.'
Castiel clutched the side of the cot tightly as he listened to Dean’s footsteps ascend the stairs. His wrist was burning, and he couldn’t fight off the need to sleep any longer. He fell over on his side and immediately found himself standing in front of Lucifer.
Dean looked away. ‘It’s Sam…’
When she entered the room, she immediately recognized Gabriel's soft snores. She looked over to the couch with a fond smile. Her smile froze when she caught sight of a pair of blue eyes staring at her intently. An unknown boy sat on the couch, wrapped in a quilt, and Gabriel was using him as a pillow.
Both Dean and Sam turned to stare at Castiel in shock. ‘Mom was…but… She was so gentle,’ Dean said softly.
‘So you do that, and I’ll see about getting him down here,’ Castiel said.
Castiel carefully tucked his wings behind him and coughed awkwardly. ‘S-someone will eventually notice,’ he stuttered.
dating around?’
‘No, I was not
, he’d have him leave the property. Hasn’t happened yet.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘That’s not all…automatic?’
you go around
‘Somethin’ wrong?’
Dean's grin widened as he slapped the cuff onto Castiel's wrist. 'Yes!' he exclaimed in triumph, feeling the warmth settle over him.
!’ he yelled. He took a breath and readied himself for what was to come with his next outburst. ‘What sort of angel cuts off their own wings?!’
‘Or you could make it worse,’ Gabriel pointed out.
Balthazar snorted with laughter, shaking his head. ‘Oh, that would be good… No. He’s never had the misfortune of experiencing Cas just after a close encounter of the Crowley kind,’ he explained. ‘They hate each other so much, I think they’re in love.’
Minor dialogue lifted from S5E19.
He breathed deeply when Castiel reached out with his Grace. He allowed the soft touch, and his breath escaped in a whimper when Castiel’s Grace fully enveloped him. He needed more. He closed the distance between them and pulled Castiel into a hug.
‘Yeah.’ Dean eyed Castiel before casually placing his arm around the back of the couch. He slowly edged it closer until his hand touched Castiel’s shoulder.
Castiel reluctantly allowed himself to be led over to the vacant bed.
Castiel shrugged as he stared ahead. ‘Everything’s been handed to me on a silver platter. My brother has given me a new life, and I’d…probably be very good at it. As much as I’m dreading having my onscreen drunken escapade, I’m…I’m actually kinda looking forward to it,’ he admitted. He laughed quietly as he scratched at Muffin’s ears. ‘More so now, I think.’
Gabriel nodded grudgingly.
Karen watched as Castiel stumbled out the kitchen door into the backyard, whimpering. As soon as the door shut she turned and made her way to the study. ‘Something’s wrong with Castiel,’ she said to the small group that was gathered.
But that was what Anna assumed, and insisted it was not Dean's fault. What did she know? He wasn't exactly
‘I would never—‘
‘This,’ Gabriel said, shaking the CD. ‘This was meant for
‘What?’
Sam couldn’t help but blush at the insinuating tone Gabriel had used.
things that are different. They like their
Gabriel bit his lip and stared out at the water. ‘We should dive in and look for them,’ he said quietly. ‘Got some tanks…shit.’ He sank to his knees and looked up at Sam miserably. ‘We haven’t had time to refill the tanks.’
‘Why are you here?’ Gabriel asked.
‘Oh.’ Sam ducked his head and grimaced. If everything worked out, then he would definitely find a way to make it up to Gabriel.
Gabriel folded his hands in front of his mouth and shook his head. Sam was everything he had ever wanted to find. Definitive proof that mythological creatures existed. ‘You’re a mermaid,’ he whispered.
‘Any casualties?’
horribly embarrassed when watching himself—even less so, now that his so-called secret past was out in the open. And then there was the fact that getting drunk was now in the budget. ‘Get me a good bottle of tequila, and we’ll see where I end up.’
Sam nodded. Karen's tone had surprised him. He had never heard her speak without her voice dripping in sugary sweetness.
Gabriel looked from Castiel to Dean as he straightened. ‘Fine. But Anna and Uriel are still on this floor.’
‘Huh?’
‘Burn it?’ Gabriel held the shirt up. It was even more garish than anything
.-.-.-.-.
And then, Dean snapped.
! Stop…stop coming closer! Leave me alone!’
‘And he’s kinda cute,’ he continued, glancing surreptitiously at Lucifer. ‘Wouldn’t mind meeting him. In person. For a little bit.’
‘I sapped a few demons tonight,’ he said quietly. ‘You have no idea how much I want to hunt one down right now and just… I want to torture them, get their fear so high that I can taste it as I consume them… And not just demons, Sammy. Anything.’
Gabriel shrugged, looking up at the sky. ‘Well…’ He shook his head, despite the fact that his photograph of the sea serpent was sitting on his nightstand. ‘No. Nothing yet. But I’m hoping!’ he said with a big smile.
Sam stroked Gabriel’s cheek and leaned down, lightly brushing Gabriel’s lips with his own. ‘See you at breakfast,’ he whispered before fully kissing Gabriel.
gettin' powdered-sugar-kisses tonight.'
It was as if he had no idea who Dean was. Was Heaven still out of the loop? 'Who are you?' he asked.
could have saved her, but…she was only human. Nothing special. Nothing worth saving. Even your mother. Sweet, beautiful Mary. Dead. Could have saved her. Could have let you grow up with a normal life. Didn’t.’
,' he said.
Castiel blinked and sighed in resignation. ‘Sorry… I can’t…’
The only downside that turned up was when Castiel began blacklisting restaurants and stores. His excuses ran form ties to the mob, to roach infestation, to ‘that waitress is suspicious.’
Dean looked from the new angel to Castiel in confusion. ‘What’s he talkin’ about?’ he asked, jabbing a thumb in Balthazar’s direction.
learned,’ he pointed out.
Castiel stood in front of the door in a daze. What had just happened? What was Balthazar going on about? He trudged back to his room, wondering just what he was going to do. As he entered his room, he glanced at his laptop. He may as well check his work email. Maybe send a message to Inias to see how the project was going.
‘You were more of a father to me than John ever was,’ Dean replied. He looked back at the floor and shook his head. ‘You… Playin’ catch instead of teaching me to shoot? That was probably the best day of my childhood… For the first time since Mary…Mom… You helped ease the pain.’
‘S-stay there. Don’t… Don’t come closer,’ Gabriel said, crouching behind the bed. He stared up at Sam with wide eyes. He felt naked. He had nothing to protect himself with. He looked about the room, and his eyes fell on the small pile of his belongings sitting next to Sam’s chair. Poking out just near the top was what he wanted most. Maybe Sam would give it back without any fuss? Did he look at it? He didn’t seem angry… The subjects of his collections were usually very upset when they found out about his pictures.
There was a loud knock at the door, and Dean was about to get when Castiel darted in front of him. ‘Got it. Got it,’ he said, grabbing the money on his way. When Castiel returned, he was carrying a tray of food.
Charlie chirped angrily at Sam. ‘
?’ he said, blinking out of his daze. When he looked around, he found Anna, seething, with her hand raised, and Castiel blinking away tears.
Dean slumped back into his chair and rolled his eyes. He picked up the glass of wine sitting in front of him. ‘Yeah, yeah. Just don’t tell anyone.’
Dean pulled a frowned. ‘Are you making fun of me?’
Castiel rapidly shook his head. ‘You can’t use the same story for two people! If Gabriel gets his way, then Sam will already be using that story. And then… How do we justify you being brothers? This is… This is a bad idea. Nothing will work!’
Dean stared at Castiel in horror. ‘That’s a shitty ending! Who came up with that?!’ He huffed indignantly when Castiel began laughing. He rolled his eyes and crossed his arms as he leaned back against the couch, torn between embarrassment and loving the sound of Castiel’s laughter. He jumped when a hand lightly caressed his chest.
‘This is better,’ Dean insisted. He ran his fingers down Castiel’s back and along the tattoo that stretched across Castiel’s lower back. ‘What does this mean?’ he asked as he traced the symbols that sat between a pair of wings. The largest looked like a fork to Dean.
Warning: Continuation of the self-harm/torture.
Gabriel’s mouth dropped open. He didn’t have time to fully process what Dean had said because the taller man was being pushed out of the way by Sam.
Gabriel backed up and pressed himself flat against the wall. He stared at Charlie with wide eyes. ‘No. No, you stay away from me, you…you…lying fish-person!’
Gabriel jumped when the front door opened and Sam and Dean entered. He shook his head at Sam’s questioning glance.
‘She knows,’ Castiel said quietly as he let Muffin scramble back onto Dean’s lap. He snorted in disgust as he shook his head. ‘Of course she knows.
‘Dean…’ Sam winced as Dean banged loudly on the door. He looked helplessly at Gabriel for support, but found none. Gabriel just watched, unimpressed by Dean’s display.
Castiel yawned and stretched as he stood. ‘I ran up and got everything I’d need. The rest is in the trunk,’ he replied as he pulled his shirt off.
‘No! Not without you!’
‘What?’ Sam’s eyes widened in shock.
was a mermaid. Who the hell else was a mermaid? Samandriel wasn’t. He’d sent that poor kid on coffee runs in torrential downpours without an umbrella before. Walked in on him plenty of times in the shower. Anna had once entered a wet T-shirt contest when plastered. Balthazar was in the clear—he had a diving certificate and had worked on underwater filming before. What about the hotel owners? What about dear, sweet Karen? And her grumpy husband?
Gabriel dropped his head on the table, narrowly avoiding his plate.
‘They’re making sure I don’t murder you,’ Anna bitterly replied.
how they presented themselves. Scars were potentially revered as great adventures and marks of bravery. For Dean, his scars were a flaw that marred his already bland tail.
‘Because they love me,’ Dean muttered to himself, finally able to properly break from the demonic energies clouding his thoughts. He still craved more, desperately wanted to break out and hunt down a demon, but he was finally far enough along to ignore it.
in drag?’
, really. Dean made him happier than anyone else had ever managed.
‘How’s it going?’ Charlie asked.
‘No,’ Gabriel quickly denied as he set a plate with a bratwurst and pretzel in front of Sam, centering it on the placemat. He did the same with a second plate on the other side of the table. ‘No, no, no, no… Um…’ He eyed Sam’s elbows momentarily before drifting back to the counter. He returned and set a couple beers on the table, turning the labels to face the chairs.
‘Well, I
Castiel glanced up from healing Dean’s body. He blushed at the prone position Seraphiel had taken.
Castiel let the scales fall from his fingers to rest on his chest. He rose to his toes and kissed Dean. He let Dean take control of the kiss and soon found himself being lifted and carried to the bed. Dean set him on the bed, and he scooted over as the taller man crawled in next to him. He hugged himself close to Dean’s chest and sighed happily as they settled beneath the sheets. Muffin arranged himself between the pair’s legs. His perfect fantasy was coming true, and he didn’t want it to end.
He shoved the food he was carrying at Gabriel and marched up to the bathroom door. He tried the handle, only to find it locked.
Dean yelled out a reminder to get pie. He grumbled to himself about Sam forgetting pie the last time he made a food run. He flipped the pages of the book in his hands. Another one for the pagan deity pile. He sighed as Bobby dropped another box next to him. 'What? No break?' he asked, looking up to give Bobby a pitiful pout.
Castiel looked over his shoulder and smiled. ‘There you are. You should come up here.’
‘It’ll probably be
Sam looked at Castiel in confusion then at Dean. ‘What? Why…why didn’t you say anything?’ he asked, hurt by his brother’s mistrust.
‘Until we have to start paying medical bills.’
He sighed heavily as he pulled out his phone and dialed Crowley. ‘Hey, Dad… Uh…it worked?’ He walked to the open door and stared outside. ‘Well, he killed my fake-Sam. Didn’t touch fake-Dean… Yeah, I’d say he thought it was real. Oh, uh…is Sam there?’
Castiel sighed as the line went dead. Everyone seemed to be happy for him. He wished he could feel the same way. Even if working under Naomi had been an absolute nightmare, at least he felt like he was useful. Even Inias had sounded jealous over Castiel’s situation.
Castiel huffed in irritation. He wasn't stupid. 'Well, they're bigger,' he said as he stretched out his arms and wings. 'And...flatter...and not as square.'
Castiel’s wings vibrated under Dean’s touch, and he squirmed, rubbing his rear against Dean. He gasped and snapped his wings shut when Dean smacked his ass. He looked over his shoulder at Dean in confusion. ‘Dean?’
Castiel stiffened and threw Dean a glare. ‘In certain situations, I am referred to as “Ice” over the radio,’ he said. ‘Gabriel felt the need to add his own flare to it.’
‘C’mon, let’s see what we can get away with on TV. And what it takes to make Gabriel uncomfortable,’ Castiel said as he turned his back to Balthazar.
Castiel stared at Dean. ‘You were looking for
‘I dunno,’ Dean replied. He was going to pull away, but the angel had laced their fingers together and was gripping tightly. ‘Me and Gabe already talked about it, and he seems pretty sure that you won’t spaz out and kill everyone. I’m…actually pretty good on that right now,’ Dean admitted. ‘Probably shouldn’t be, but…yeah.’
‘Don’t think you’re getting off that easy,’ Gabriel warned. ‘I fully intend to corrupt you.’
‘Rough translation… He loves Gabriel and wants him as his mate,’ Dean said. He looked at Castiel and stuck out his tongue. ‘That was probably the sappiest thing I’ve heard from him since…well… Trust me. He loves him.’
‘That tattoo! Is it real? Please tell me that’s fake,’ Gabriel said as he advanced on Castiel. He grabbed Castiel’s shoulders and forced him to stay put. He examined the elaborate set of wings inked onto his brother’s back. The wings bled onto the back of his arms, the longest feather touching the tip of his elbow.
Sam laughed and shook his head. ‘Shouldn’t you be patching someone up?’ he reminded.
‘Yeah…Sam,’ Dean mumbled as his eyes traced over every inch of the interior. Human dwellings were so new to him. He had seen plenty on TV, but to actually be
‘I’m not—’ Crowley stopped himself and let out an annoyed breath. ‘Maybe if your klepto of a boyfriend wouldn’t eye the dining utensils like they were jewelry, I wouldn’t be worried.’
Castiel smiled shyly at Dean as he took the Hunter’s hand in his. ‘But…no one’s here to stop me,’ he said as he leaned over and pressed his lips against Dean’s. He pulled back and bit at his lip in uncertainty.
?! Isn’t that a little overkill?’
He sighed in relief as the guard left, following after the rest. He turned back to the man he had cornered, taking in the shocked stare and brightly blushing cheeks. ‘Sorry about that,’ he apologized. He leaned back in a stole another kiss. ‘And thanks.’
Bobby paced as he ran his hand over his face. ‘Wait. You’ve known about Castiel for…for
Castiel covered the interested noise he made by grabbing his glass and taking a swig.
‘That’s good…’ Castiel reached out and stroked Dean’s hair. He swallowed and sniffled as Dean leaned into his touch. ‘Oh, God…’
Castiel’s head shot up, making Dean jump. He stared at Dean in shock. He hadn’t been expecting the Hunter to just come right out and say it. It made him feel… a little better. It had clarified the emotion he felt coming from Dean, and he could see just what Dean was afraid of. ‘You’re…afraid of me,’ he stated, almost daring Dean to deny it.
Benny frowned as he sat on the edge of the boat next to Dean. ‘I’m sure it would matter if knew what it was you were givin’ him. But, Dean… Be careful. There’s no tellin’ what he’s gonna do when he finds out.’
‘So?’
Castiel thought for a moment. Gabriel was right. Nowhere in the contract did it say that Sam and Dean Winchester were not to know. ‘We were contracted to protect you and Sam,’ he replied.
‘I’ve stayed in worse,’ Castiel said as he made his way to the cat carrier. He knelt down and poked his fingers through the cage door and barely winced as sharp claws dug into him.
A blinding flash filled the basement as Seraphiel reclaimed his vessel.
Dean caught Sam’s stare and looked away. ‘Sorry ‘bout earlier… I…can’t say it was all a lie. But I…I am sorry you had to find out about it that way.’
Adam whistled happily and dragged himself up to the signpost, pulling  his tail completely from the water. He took a paint brush from the small collection that Lucifer had brought with him and began carefully painting his name in a flowing script.
‘Weird.’
Castiel felt the order settle over him, prompting his feet forward. It felt surreal. He wasn’t against the order, but… He tried to fight against it. He stumbled and fell into Dean. His wings spread out, trying to gain some balance. He could feel the spell urging him on, rewarding him for being halfway there. He felt a little giddy just touching Dean. He let the spell guide his arms around Dean and embrace the young Hunter. He sighed happily as a blissful warmth shot through his body. Was this what his brother felt with Sam? What Karen felt with Bobby? No wonder they were so close to their Hunters. He could feel everything coming from Dean. The warmth, the kindness, the love. He squeezed harder and he began to cry.
‘Hey, I’m being serious!’ Gabriel said defensively. ‘Cas said Dean’s is stripy.’
Sam looked back at Gabriel and stroked the angel’s hair. ‘How do you know this?’ he asked. If it was just something Gabriel had been told, then it might not be true.
‘C’mon. Who’s the better kisser?’ Balthazar asked cheekily.
‘And he doesn’t like to be turned down,’ Castiel said.
Gabriel shrugged. ‘I don’t know why my brother does half the shit he does. He just does it.’
Dean stared at his lap, not wanting to admit that Castiel was right. He had no hope for a normal life. He knew it. He always knew it. He and his brother weren’t normal, even by Hunter standards. They took every job that came their way. Big and small. It didn’t matter.
be dead!’ Anna shouted. ‘You switched sides once. Who’s to say you won’t do it again when it’s convenient? Once a traitor, always a traitor!’
‘What?’
,’ he explained. ‘Maybe even rig a few pool noodles together. What’s so funny?’
‘Before he shares the new spell,’ Karen agreed.
‘Thanks. I guess. Not that this is gonna go anywhere,’ Gabriel said. ‘Fuck… This is gonna be so awkward for the rest of the shoot… What about Charlie?’ He rolled onto his stomach and grabbed a pillow to bury his face in. ‘This is too fucking weird! I don’t know what to do! Do I fire everyone and stop the show? Do
Castiel looked at Dean and let his eyes drop down to the slit that hid the merman’s genitals. He had to admit that he was curious. He stood, and Dean scooted back as far as he could. He undressed and smiled in amusement at Dean’s soft clicks. ‘I feel like I’m being catcalled by a dolphin.’
‘Why?’ Benny asked as he got up.
He lost the battle and leaned his head back, letting loose a soft and needy whine. In an instant the fingers were gone, and Sam’s shoulders dropped in disappointment. His eyes flew open as Gabriel’s hand was back in full force and making its way up to his crotch. He turned his head to face Gabriel and moaned as fingers fluttered against his slit. ‘Oh, God…’
Dean sighed and leaned back. ‘Okay… So you’re saying it’s not likely to happen unless some major prick grabs you.’
‘Um, Caaastle…?’ Dean gave an unsure grin.
‘What are you looking for?’ Sam asked, remembering where he had found the envelope.
‘Better than Uriel, I hope. What are you working on?’
‘Because, fish-boy, what would I have to gain?’ Crowley countered.
Crowley.’
‘Clothes, bathrooms, money… Basic stuff, I guess,’ Dean replied. ‘A lot of it I already knew from TV.’
Dean crossed his arms. He hadn't been tempted to abuse his power over the bond yet, not until that moment. The text had to be about him. 'Will you tell me later?' he asked.
supposed to know that?!’
‘You okay?’ Sam asked when Gabriel’s head shot up at the sound of the door opening.
a bathroom yet?’
‘Yeah…,’ Castiel said with a small smile. He blushed when he remembered that they were being watched and ducked his head. ‘I mean… Y’know…’
Jimmy blushed bright red and blinked rapidly. ‘C—no! It’s not… I have to go!’
‘Unfortunately,’ Castiel said as he pushed off the door and approached Dean, ‘I don’t have any money… Maybe we could,’ he ran his hands along Dean’s chest and settled them on top of the pizza box, ‘work something out?’
Karen let out a delighted squeal. ‘Bury the hatchet, Ellen!’
‘Gabe cut us off before you got anywhere
‘No.’
Dean rolled his eyes and safetied his gun before stuffing it into the holster around his chest. ‘Fine. Whatever. Gimme a hand. I’ve been shot.’
this,’ he said.
Sam shook his head and looked at the silent angel waiting in the hallway. For Gabriel's supposed brother, the two looked nothing alike. Dark hair, blue eyes, black wings... 'Why are your wings black?' he asked. Nothing he had read or heard of had ever mentioned black wings.
With shaky legs, Castiel ascended the stairs, wincing as they creaked under his weight. He reached the top and headed for the kitchen. Leaning against the doorframe, he stared into the kitchen. ‘N-no…’
Over the next two weeks, Castiel was pitted against vampires, werewolves, and a few shifters. His days were filled with training, and his nights were filled with fighting sleep. When he passed out from exhaustion, Lucifer would be right there, waiting. He fought Lucifer’s questions, but it was all for naught. Lucifer already knew the answers.
‘No idea,’ Dean replied in amusement. ‘It helps with healing and uh…sometimes making pearls. If anything gets caught in there or gets cut.’
Sam and Charlie jumped back as Gabriel tore into the room. They watched in morbid fascination as he tripped and reached out, knocking a glass vase of flowers off the front desk.
‘I guess…I kinda wanted to talk to you without you being able to run away.’ Balthazar let his eyes roam over Castiel’s back and settle on his ex’s rear. ‘You look good, Cas.’
‘You may wish to burn this,’ Castiel said as he dropped the shirt he held onto Gabriel’s lap. ‘Along with everything else in Sam’s closet. We found snow globes and tacky knickknacks. They don’t even qualify as kitsch.’
‘Well…the trident represents my love of water… The wings for the freedom it represents,’ Castiel quietly replied. He crossed his legs and placed his hands on his ankles as he felt Dean carefully remove the small bandages on his back. ‘The smaller symbols beneath it are…er…a protection spell?’
Samandriel looked up with a bright smile. ‘Really?! Is this for the sea monster?’ He looked over the image on the laptop—a vicious-looking serpent with a long tail and a crocodilian mouth spread wide, showing off its teeth. ‘This is amazing! I’m compiling a tie-in book of these for the show.’
‘That’s the short version, yes,’ Alfie replied.
Dean startled and scrambled away from the source of the voice. He stared, blushing brightly, at Castiel. ‘W-what?! How…? Why are you here?!’ he cried out. The angel had been sitting right next to him. How long had he been there?
The sound of a motor interrupted his thoughts, and he stood with a heavy sigh. The trust between him and Balthazar was too fractured. And what did he have with Dean? A night spent together and a few kisses. It wasn’t as if he could whisk Dean away. His fantasies never played out right. He learned that the hard way when he had first brought Muffin home to meet Balthazar.
Dean had trouble pulling his eyes away from the black wings. He'd never heard of anything darker than a pale blue-violet. 'Are those real?' he blurted out.
‘We move around,’ Charlie replied with a shrug. She flattened her spines as she yawned.
‘Castiel, tell me where you are,’ Lucifer said softly was he bent down and gently stroked Castiel’s wings.
‘There are other reasons for that,’ Samandriel easily replied.
Dean reached the toolbox and propped it open. He dug around the various tools, shaking his head. ‘Um… A thingy. A thingy to pull on stuff. ‘Cuz my teeth aren’t cuttin’ it…’ He pulled out a pair of pliers and gave them an experimental squeeze. ‘These’ll work!’
‘Black or just very dark?’ Gabriel asked.
Castiel quickly set the camera down and moved closer to Benny. ‘How long was it? Male or female? Did it have gills or a blowhole? How—wait! I need my notebook!’
‘I’m sorry, Dean,’ Jimmy apologized. ‘I tried to get to you sooner. I
‘I was wondering what they were from,’ Dean said softly. ‘And they don’t…bother you? You’re okay with them?’
‘What’s it to you?’ Dean growled.
Castiel shifted nervously. ‘S-sorry…’
Sam jumped when Gabriel released Castiel and slammed his fist on the table. ‘Gabriel?’
‘No, I mean the lines,’ Dean said, pointing.
Castiel looked between the two brothers. What was he supposed to do? Dean was angry with him, but he wanted him to stay? Slowly, he turned and made his way to Dean. He stayed just out of Dean’s reach and stared at Dean’s shoulder.
?’ Bobby asked in disbelief.
Dean grinned and nodded. ‘Yeah. You looked so hot holding me down,’ he said huskily before leaning forward to give Castiel a kiss. ‘Here… First thing tomorrow, I’ll make you a new cuff. Just like it used to be.’
'Did he have black wings, too?' Dean asked.
Dean panted and stared up at Castiel. He had never wanted anyone more than he wanted Castiel at that moment. He held his tongue, though, having been warned by his brother that humans tended to be less willing to commit than mermaids were. He was having a hard enough time keeping himself from crying out in his own language, and he wasn’t sure how long he would be able to keep his wishes to himself. ‘Want you so bad,’ he whispered.
‘Gabriel got a fuckin’ nosebleed when he fought against Sam’s question, so why the fuck are
The last time he had come down from his demon high, he sulked for over four centuries. He wondered what he would do this time around. He could already feel the sorrow and loneliness closing in on him, suffocating his will.
‘See? You’re starting to learn,’ Anna said before dropping down and kicking out.
‘Are you sure that’s wise?’ Castiel asked, glancing from Sam to Dean. He grimaced when he noticed that Dean was primping in front of a mirror.
‘Sorry,’ Bobby apologized. ‘But it’s the truth. Besides, you would have been too old for their tastes anyway.’
Sam moved around the table to stand behind Gabriel. ‘It’s not a big deal,’ he said as he laid his hands on Gabriel’s shoulders. He felt relief as Gabriel relaxed against his touch. ‘If you wanna sleep in your own room, that’s fine. I don’t mind. Really. It’s a lot to get used to.’
Gabriel sidled up and looked over Castiel's shoulder. 'Uh...is this normal?' he asked, reaching in and pulling out a handful of condoms.
let that happen.’
When Dean and Castiel walked through the kitchen door, a box of light bulbs was thrust into Castiel’s arms. He looked from the box to Bobby.
‘I love you, Sam Winchester,’ Gabriel said with a steady voice as he looked up at Sam. He smiled warmly at his Hunter. ‘And I’ll do everything in my power to protect you. Dean on the other hand…’
Castiel stared at his plate. 'Little...Blackie?' he eventually asked.
‘You’re an amazing hunter,’ Sam pointed out. ‘A strong swimmer… Anyone would be lucky to have you as a mate.’
‘Peut-être demain soir,’ Sam replied with a sly smile.
will fit in any better?’ Bobby asked with a laugh.
Crowley raised his brow and turned his attention back to the blueprints. ‘If it makes you feel any better, I trust you more than Castiel. Now, let’s work on this plan.’
'And if not?'
And, just to top everything off, apparently neither angel was any good at locating the wendigo.
‘Sam. Right… I’m Balthazar, and this is Anna,’ Balthazar said, gesturing to himself and Anna. ‘You’re staying at the hotel, too?’
‘Disinfectant…Band-aids…stitches?’ Gabriel said with a shrug. ‘He’s got this big gash on his back.’
Even though it was old and about to fall apart, it was a cozy little cabin in the mountains. From the looks of it, it used to belong to a hunter. Of the supernatural variety. Maps, drawings, and sigils lined the walls, as well as bits of monsters and natural wildlife. In the middle of the floor lay a slightly worn bear skin rug.
‘Oh, yeah? What’s his name? Maybe I know him.’
Jimmy sighed and reached into his pocket. ‘I’m sorry, Dean,’ he said softly.
Gabriel gave Castiel a doubtful look. ‘Cas, you
Balthazar entered the hotel in a sour mood. By all rights, he should be angry with Castiel, not worried over his well-being. As he headed up the stairs, Gabriel was heading down, nose buried in a notebook. ‘Your brother has no sense of self-preservation,’ he said as he leaned against the wall on the bottom steps, crossing his arms.
‘He’s in a lull,’ Charlie said. ‘He does fine when he’s busy with his notes, and it gives us a break from having to actively find things to distract him with that won’t set him off. Just uh…don’t mention anything relationship related. Or his old job. Or his new job.’
Gabriel smiled easily as he nodded. ‘That boat next our rental, right?’ Sam nodded, and his smile dropped a little. ‘Is that thing…safe?’ he asked, recalling the older boat that was tied up next to their own. It was barely as big as the rental, and looked a little worse for the wear.
‘Would you be really mad if I kissed you?’ Gabriel asked.
‘Maybe, maybe not. But you know it’s true. Just wait until Bobby’s no longer useful. Should I just let him die, or should I kill him myself?’ Dean asked. ‘Y’know, save everyone the trouble.’
He dragged the point of the knife across the counter as he tried to fight the command. He felt like he was being torn apart from the inside. ‘Please run,’ he moaned.
'Of course you don't!' Gabriel interrupted. 'That's why I'm here.'
‘Hello, Castiel,’ Balthazar greeted with a warm smile. He held up a scuba tank. ‘Looking for this?’
‘Better
. If you asked me last week, then…yeah, but you’ve kinda grown on me, Sammy,’ he said with a lop-sided grin. ‘I’ve had flings, but nothing’s ever felt like this. I dunno if it’s the cuff, but I feel safe with you. Hell, maybe I actually love you.’
Dean didn’t just pay attention to Castiel’s dick, he licked, kissed, and sucked at all of Castiel’s crotch and inner thighs. It was so different from what he was used to. The way human legs split. Their softness. The way everything was kept on the outside of the body.
‘Nothin’ to do with the “Ice Queen” crack?’ Dean asked innocently.
‘I’m sorry, Cassie, but Roddy’s under arrest,’ Jody replied. ‘Again.’
'Ghosts usually stick around longer,' Sam said distractedly. 'Dean and I, we have to fight them off with salt rounds and iron, normally. And even that won't keep them away for long.'
Dean raised a brow. ‘Right… So, bring it by at five. If I’m not there, then Bobby’ll be more than willing to help you out.’
‘Gabe! I know. It’s okay. I love you, too. Now, hurry up and get everything locked down.’
Dean grabbed Jimmy’s wrists and held them against the wall. ‘Not ‘til I get some answers.’
‘Easier to animate, I’m sure…,’ Castiel said distractedly as he pulled up another search. ‘And this…’ He slammed the laptop shut and tapped his fingers on top. ‘How do you feel about drag shows?’
Castiel dropped his hand into his lap and stared up at his brother forlornly. ‘You shouldn’t call it anything until you have proper proof,’ he replied.
Castiel fell over as his feet were knocked out from beneath him. He grunted when he hit the ground and kicked out at Anna. He yelped when one of his ankles was grabbed and raised high. He flapped helplessly as he was pulled along the ground.
Dean rubbed a hand over his face. Of course. Sam. And why hadn’t he thought to pray to Castiel for help? ‘So, uh…can I get a lift back?’ he asked.
A quiet tapping caught Benny’s attention, and he glanced down at the water. ‘I don’t know…’ He frowned at Dean’s smiling face. Dean was staring up at him, nodding and smiling like an idiot.
Sam sighed in relief.
Castiel opened his eyes and stared at Dean in shock. He let out a relieved laugh. ‘Y-you’re alive,’ he said weakly.
‘What do you mean?’
Castiel looked away. ‘I can’t make that promise,’ he replied before pressing the needle into Dean’s neck. He placed a final kiss on Dean’s lips as Dean passed out.
‘I can’t believe Mom made you a cake for that!’ Gabriel shouted in frustration before storming out the room.
here!’
Crowley ran his eyes over the three Hunters, evaluating them. ‘I propose a trade,’ he said. ‘My boys’ freedom for some useful items.’
on the ceiling! With
‘Lucifer wanted to send a message to Michael,’ Castiel said, voice barely above a whisper. ‘He knew nothing of Father’s relationship with Mother.’
’ Charlie asked. ‘
‘I think he means you can be a jerk,’ Dean said, lightly tapping Castiel’s arm. ‘Remember the hallway?’ He smirked as Castiel gave him a half-hearted glare. ‘I’m learning,’ he said proudly.
‘Comin’ in or goin’ for a swim?’ a voice asked from behind him.
Ellen looked from the reporter just off screen to the camera. ‘Uh… Oh. I’m on TV,’ she said into the phone.
‘So…since your car actually works…do you wanna get a bite to eat?’ Dean asked.
‘Only the normal amount,’ Dean replied with a laugh.
fault they changed the guards’ rotation!’ he shot back.
‘You knew about this, and you never
he jump in after you?’ he asked. Sam nodded, and he groaned. ‘Shit. You would have been better off taking a bath with him. Or…showing off around the boat. He…he can’t swim.’
Balthazar’s mouth hung open as his mind wrapped around what Castiel had just told him. ‘I…I never knew…’
It was adorable. Sam couldn't resist. He quietly opened his duffel and pulled out his camera. Making sure the flash was off, he took a few pictures. Satisfied, he tucked the camera back into his bag and began his morning regiment.
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel’s stomach dropped at the confession, and he closed his eyes. He shouldn’t have been so selfish. He shouldn’t have ripped Dean out of Heaven. Even unknowingly. That was no excuse.
Benny stopped in his tracks and turned to face Castiel. ‘Hire me?’
He watched as Castiel’s eyes darted across his wings. Dean’s breath stuttered at the sorrow directed at him. He flinched as Castiel reached his hand up and gently stroked what was left of one of his smaller wings.
from that…toxic environment and crazy woman.’
For the first time since the Kitchen Masacre of '95, he understood why his brother had wanted him to try the unhealthy dish. In no time at all, he had scarfed down the entire cheeseburger and started on the fries. They weren't nearly as good.
Charlie scoffed as she crossed her arms. ‘So, what? Just means I know my own kind. And we’re shitty people, Sam. Don’t deny it.’
‘Gabriel. You’re talking to a mermaid,’ Sam reminded. ‘I have a completely different standard for weird. Trust me.’
with that guy.
Sam watched the two angels wordlessly arrange themselves so that they were perfectly balanced against each other. Gabriel’s head lay on Castiel’s shoulder, who in turn had his cheek and nose buried in the blond’s hair.
Dean looked up and gave Castiel a half-hearted glare. ‘No,’ he grumbled. ‘Okay. Fine. So you saw me do a couple of shitty strip teases. No big deal.’
Sam straightened and jerked his head in Gabriel’s direction. ‘What?!’
‘Alright, I’ll get the panic room ready for Sam… Anything else?’
‘Then it’s settled!’
fault you fell into Alistair’s hands.’
‘This
When Dean asked Karen if Gabriel's behavior was 'some sort of angel-thing,' Karen banned him from the kitchen. So he tried asking Bobby if Karen had been like Gabriel. Bobby considered the question before answering.
to our little party,’ he said slowly.
Castiel leaned forward and kissed Dean, careful not to disturb any stitches. He leaned back and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. ‘You really need to rest,’ he said as he pulled out a syringe and uncapped it.
'Your friend's alive,' Castiel said.
‘We keep the negatives. Look, Sam… How should I put this?’ Gabriel’s dropped to a mumble.
Castiel threw another punch at the punch mitt on Dean’s hand. He was growing tired and frustrated.
‘When did he…?!’ Gabriel stared in shock at the small black wings and occult symbols that decorated the small of Castiel’s back and hips.
‘He wouldn’t leave me alone!’ Castiel said defensively. ‘He’s paranoid enough about drowning that I trust him to pay more attention to his equipment and surroundings than a seasoned diver.’ He sighed as he rubbed the back of his neck, looking back up the hallway. ‘No wonder he’s messed up. He could have drowned.’
'So, I'm not allowed to have an angel? You can sit there and fuck
Castiel nodded and took a seat at the small card table. I’m fine,’ he insisted. ‘Though I
(See the end of the chapter for
Karen frowned and looked at Dean. ‘Fix…? Dean, what was wrong with the binding cuff?’ she asked.
be ever in your favor.’
Dean sighed heavily as he stared at the half-finished spells he’d been scratching into the cuff. ‘Would you mind if I brought Sam in on this?’
‘Dean!’ Castiel rushed to Dean’s side. He carefully set the camera equipment down and placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder. ‘Are you okay?’
Castiel looked down and blushed brightly upon registering what he held and how he held it—one hand neatly cupping the manikin’s left breast. ‘Er… I, uh… I don’t know?’ he said helplessly as he looked up at Dean.
‘They’re yellow, thank you very much,’ Gabriel said grumpily. He didn’t move away as Sam leaned closer and kissed him. He closed his eyes and returned the kiss. Even with a tail, Sam still kissed the same.
‘What? But he never said anything,’ Sam said.
‘Uh, Dean?’ a voice crackled over his earpiece.
‘Gabriel said I needed a key ring. It was cheap.’
Dean reluctantly took the bag and looked away as Castiel pulled at Balthazar’s shirt. He thought he would have been able to handle seeing Castiel and Balthazar together. Apparently, he had been wrong. After all the times of seeing his other potential mates with another, this was the first time he had actually felt depressed about it.
‘Manipulative asshole that gets you to do what he wants without you knowing it?’
Castiel whimpered as he made to move away, but Lucifer’s hold over him forced him to remain in place. He watched helplessly as Dean knelt in front of him, giving Castiel a reassuring smile.
‘Yeah. Seen it a few times,’ Dean said in amusement.
‘That’d be it,’ Dean said easily. He turned his attention back to the screen as the movie continued. Overall, Dean enjoyed the movie. Ariel got what she wanted, and her love knew what she was. The only part Dean didn’t agree with was the part where she was stuck as a human. If her father had the power to give her legs, then couldn’t he have given her the ability to change back and forth? When he voiced his opinion, Castiel just shrugged.
Dean dropped the fork back on the table and leaned back in his chair, crossing his arms. ‘I was just looking at it. I haven’t seen one with so much…extra stuff. It looks nice,’ he grumbled petulantly. He could feel the blush creeping up his cheeks and refused to look anyone in the eye. A hand lightly touched his knee, and he glanced over at Castiel’s small smile.
Dean silently shook his head and looked away. ‘I just remember Mom telling me…’
Sam and Dean both sank, cringing. ‘Shit… Really wanted to avoid going public with this,’ Dean muttered.
Crowley pointed his fork at Dean. ‘If Gabriel and Castiel are not permitted to have private conversations during dinner, then neither are you,’ he calmly stated before turning his attention to Castiel. ‘And
sending it, you can just hand deliver it.’ Gabriel moaned quietly as Sam’s hand lightly touched his knee and moved up his thigh. ‘Mm… You’re definitely spending the night with me…’
With that, Castiel left and hurried to the small boat. A quick glance told him that he was alone. He boarded the boat and set down the camera and his wetsuit. He cringed as he started up the boat, keeping a watchful eye on the path leading back to the hotel as he edged the boat away from the small dock. He sighed in relief when no one had come to investigate.
They headed downstairs and found Sam and Charlie quietly talking in front of Sam’s room. As they drew closer, the pair of merfolk looked up and stopped talking, giving Castiel a wary look.
handsome young man?’
‘Why were you looking at the ceiling?’ Crowley asked.
to. Well, not like… I mean… I don’t know.’ He sighed heavily and closed his eyes as he listened to Sam’s chair scraping against the floor.
‘You don’t…mind?’
‘Because
‘Oh, that should heal up no problem,’ Dean said, relieved. ‘Shouldn’t even scar if you treat it right. I know a good…uh…thing. What’s that word for something you rub on things to make them better?’
'He's right, Dean,' Castiel whispered. 'This is inappropriate behavior.'
‘Is it true the only reason you’re talking to me is because of him?’ Gabriel pointed at Castiel, who was clinging to the doorframe, staring at the exchange with wide eyes.
‘What advice?’ Dean asked, looking down at Castiel.
Dean pulled Castiel close as he kissed him hard. He did it. He finally found a mate! He pulled back and grinned stupidly at his new mate. He whistled and clicked how happy he was.
to do that? What did he
! The one I told you about? They. Are.
‘Don’t get your knickers in a twist. I’ll bring the damned thing. But I will be holding you up to your end of the bargain. On screen half-naked, I believe. That’ll do nicely.’
Dean smiled and shrugged. ‘You’re the one that wanted it to be special. Pearls are special. Play your cards right, and I’ll make you one.’
Crowley nodded as he stared at Gabriel. When his adoptive son glanced at him, he raised a brow in question.
his brother about it? He couldn’t just drop it in the trash. He would have to find a hammer and smash it into tiny pieces then throw it on a fire. ‘And this is the
Dean’s breath caught at the sight of bright, blue eyes. He grabbed the man by the shoulders and pushed him up against a building. Before the man could object, Dean pressed forward and kissed him. He felt the man stiffen then slowly relax. He teased at the man’s lips with his tongue, eventually coaxing them open. He ran his hands through dark hair, pulling a soft moan from his hostage. He lightly nipped at the man’s tongue as it darted into his mouth.
‘How’s about you kiss me where it hurts?’
Castiel fidgeted with the cuff. He looked off to the side as Gabriel stared at him. ‘We…we were testing the connection,’ he replied. ‘And…I… He asked if I wanted him to touch my wings.’ He looked at Gabriel and took a step back at the shocked expression he received.
‘Oh, it started in Canada,’ Castiel replied. ‘Then it moved to off-Broadway. I got to see it!’ he proudly declared. ‘I was in the splatter zone. Wore a white T-shirt, and got soaked in fake blood.’
Castiel nodded as faint voices drifted into the kitchen.
‘You don’t know that.’
‘Yeah. Just that one,’ Balthazar said. ‘Destroyed the original film. Don’t know if I wanted to blackmail him or what when I made the copy. Just…couldn’t be with him after that.’
'Was that before or after you fucked me against the wall?'
‘He likes Castiel,’ she replied. ‘He apologized for asking Cas a question. Never seen a Hunter do that before.’
power!’
shmoozed with their target. Getting a bug on the drug lord wouldn’t be a problem, it would be coming up with an excuse to get away from her. And what if she took to him? Ms. Skrims was known for liking the younger men. Dean shuddered at the thought.
Dean tugged at his wrists, but found them still held firmly. He felt soft tremors coming from Castiel. He looked up to find Castiel leaning over him, shaking and breathing raggedly. He flinched as a drop of blood landed on his cheek.
Alastair stepped back, brandishing his pliers as a weapon. He eyed the intruder uncertainly. ‘And who might you be?’ he asked.
Sam ripped the magazine from Gabriel’s hold and flipped through it, blushing brighter and brighter. It looked just like him. It
‘He won’t when he realizes it’s for the best!’
sponsor a show like this without having their own reasons. Money be damned, they have their…
‘Ya’ think?’ Gabriel couldn’t keep the biting tone out of his voice. He sighed and glanced up. ‘Sorry.’
Castiel rocked slowly against Dean and kissed his jaw. ‘More?’
Gabriel cocked his head to the side. ‘Do you need to be reassigned?’ he asked.
Sam sent Dean a dirty look. ‘Don’t you think Dad would have known? She didn’t work for Angel Corp. Maybe…maybe some subsidiary or something…’
Bobby clasped his hands together and rested his chin on them. ‘They’re real, all right. Take in orphans and train ‘em up to be killers.’
‘It’s not a sex tape,’ Gabriel bit out. ‘It’s…a uh… I dunno how to put it.’
‘We are, but uh… Well, once you’ve heard one, you’ve heard them all,’ Gabriel said. ‘And I’ve heard plenty…’
are ya’ lookin’ for?’
? I thought you fell from the sky ‘cuz God cast you outta Heaven,’ Balthazar said, sniggering.
Balthazar groaned as he leaned back. ‘I never got our breakup sex! Not fair!’
Castiel shook his head and blinked back another wave of tears that threatened to surface. ‘I-I… I don’t know…’ He stared at his lap and wrung his hands together. ‘I’ve been… God, I’ve been awful to you!’
Dean nodded. ‘Okay… Will you at least tell me later?’
Surprisingly, he didn’t feel as awful as he probably should. He was tricked into signing on for another season. He was just laid off due to ‘budgeting constraints.’ And yet, he felt pretty good. He sat up and stared at his lap, wondering if Gabriel had somehow slipped him something. He wouldn’t put it past his brother.
‘That explains a lot,’ a gruff voice said from behind Charlie.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion. 'I'm an angel of the Lord,' he replied.
‘I can’t promise that, Castiel. I can, however, promise that they will be in for quite the surprise if they
‘That was awesome,’ Dean said breathlessly. ‘Best I’ve ever had.’
‘Uh… Where’s Cas?’
‘Cas! We need to talk!’ Dean shouted. After a moment of silence, he banged on the door again. ‘Dammit, Castiel! You let me in this instant!’
The man disappeared without a word. A moment later, a rope ladder was thrown over the side. ‘Come on up, then.’
Dean buried his head in his hands. ‘Fuck… I can’t tell if you’re lying! C’mon!’
’ Charlie chirped before taking off toward the northeastern section of the atoll.
! Cas, you need to get out of this closet,’ Gabriel said, bracing himself against the doorjamb. ‘I’ll get you back in the water. Where you belong. Looking at
‘Jess,’ Sam said quietly. ‘I named her Jess.’
He sighed and got out of bed. He may be out of a job, but at least he knew a few people that could probably get him a new one. Anything to get out of Gabriel’s ridiculous TV show. And he would have to start calling soon, before Gabriel went around telling everyone that he wasn’t available.
,’ he relented.
‘I guess this is the breakdown I was warned about…’ Dean stroked Castiel’s hair and clicked in worry as Castiel pulled away.
‘Almost,’ Charlie said distractedly. Her eyes landed on a large tree, and she pointed. ‘Just past that tree! There’s a nice, hidden pool back there.’
wants her for information!
Sam chose to keep his mouth shut. Especially when a certain angel's leg draped itself across his lap.
‘Triton—wants his picture taken for
Dean quickly swam up to the other side of the boat and edged around it to get a closer look. As the human drew closer, it slowed and began shouting. He poked his head out of the water and breathed in sharply when he recognized the human.
conform with hairless pits! I’m so
Castiel’s wings bristled as he returned to Dean’s side. ‘I don’t appreciate being used,’ he said quietly.
‘Non!’
down…’
Castiel felt his hand rise against his will, and he struggled to keep it down. He let out a pained cry as jolt after jolt of pain ran through his body.
Castiel, on the other hand, gave his father a small smile. ‘You’re willing to give up the Colt for us?’
! I’ve been dragged halfway across the world,
'C-Castiel,' he replied. He really didn't like her proximity to him. She was warm, sweet, pure, smelled of cherries and vanilla, and there was an underlying streak of viciousness to her. He wanted her away from him. Or at least have Dean closer. Dean liked him
The screen turned black, and Gabriel paused the footage. ‘We’re gonna get some drawings inserted here. We decided to cut the part where you ranted about hating me and you life, and the
’ Seraphiel asked.
‘Right…’ Gabriel turned his attention away from the pair and stared at his brother. ‘Why?’
'Why?'
‘I’m not going to kill your Hunter,’ Lucifer said in amusement as his eyes roamed over Castiel. ‘No… Not me.’
‘Right. So, uh… What about you and Dean? How’s
Hours passed, and it grew colder. Dean shivered as he rummaged through the cabin, looking for anything to keep him warm. Old paper, bits of wood… No matches. He kicked at a dilapidated couch in frustration. A lantern, a wood stove, a fireplace, a candle, and whatever. What do you light first? Light the God damn match. It would figure that he’d be stuck in a riddle without the matches.
Castiel smiled back. ‘Then come back up here, and we can pick up where we left off.’
Pamela simply smiled sweetly at him and waited patiently.
’ Charlie replied. ‘
like camping,' Castiel chimed in.
Castiel sighed as he leaned back in his chair. ‘You’re trying to butter me up for something. Save us both some time and trouble and just spit it out.’
'Dean! Dean, can you hear me?' Sam yelled as he banged on the door.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but nothing came out. He didn’t know what to say in response to the revelation. It wasn’t unheard of for a Hunter to catch glimpses of their bound angel’s feelings. Bobby and Karen’s bond was strong enough for that, but it had developed over time. Years. And what he had felt was much stronger than anything Bobby had described.
Sam leaned over and pulled Gabriel free of the last piece of clothing. He laughed quietly and gave Gabriel’s knee a kiss. ‘This wouldn’t have been a problem if you had been a little more patient,’ he said as he settled next to the shorter man.
Sam nodded before turning back to the rest of the group. He knew there were plenty of merfolk that left their colony, but he had always assumed they had simply moved to a different one. Seeing Charlie made him wonder just how many of them were on land masquerading as human. As the rest of the crew made their way down the hall, Sam’s eyes followed Gabriel, his eyes slowly drifting down. He finally understood Karen’s crush. Seeing the man in person definitely swayed his interest. He gave Karen a smile as he entered the lobby.
'Would it help if I beeped as we got closer?'
invited,’ he said and headed down the hall to follow Castiel.
Bobby and Crowley made it a point to not look at each other—not that Crowley had to try, his eyes were glued to the light, red mark on Dean’s neck.  He desperately wanted to reach over the table and carve the mark off with a fork, but, aside from such actions not being proper dinner table etiquette, he and Meg were stuck in a devil’s trap at their corner of the table.
Gabriel nodded and adjusted his wings so that he fit more comfortably against Sam. ‘I know…’
Castiel shook as he took a step back. ‘At least Michael won’t kill Dean.’
‘True… Castiel, I need you to do something for me,’ Lucifer said as he crouched next to Castiel. ‘Remove the devil’s trap from the northwest corner of the property.’
‘Oh…’ Castiel thought back to his dream. Was Dean able to pick up on
‘No, no, no, no…’ Castiel recognized the demon as one of his father’s employees. He had never been particularly nice to Castiel, but he had never gone out of his way to harm the angel, either. ‘Don’t make me do this!’
He took another look around the room, and his eyes feel upon a box nestled in the wastebasket. It was the box that Gabriel’s peace offering had originally come in. He frowned as he stared at it. Where was the bottle? Bits and pieces of the previous night drifted back to the front of his mind. He groaned as he buried his face in his hands.
Sam narrowed his eyes. ‘Tomorrow?’
on him. The only way that was possible was if Sam had stripped him down completely. Gabriel pressed his forehead into the side of the mattress and groaned miserably. He felt so vulnerable and turned on. He gasped when a hand touched his own. He glanced up at Sam. ‘Can I go?’
Dean turned to face Castiel, and his face lit up. ‘That’s perfect!’ he exclaimed. ‘Where’d you find it? Do they have the rest of them?’
him to keep the business for himself!’
‘They can’t just take you away. You have to be released, and, well…’ Sam sat on the bed and gave Gabriel a worried look. ‘Do you
‘Gabriel explained it to me.’
‘A canvas bag or a Zip-Lock…yes. Why?’ Benny uncertainly replied.
Dean chuckled softly as he pulled back, his cheeks wet. ‘She said you must be somethin’ if you could distract me from paradise.’ He rested their foreheads together and held Castiel’s hands in his own. ‘She wants me to live my life. And I…I know she’ll be there waiting. At the end. But for now… I’m here. With you. And I think I can handle this shit storm I’ve brought down as long you’re with me.’
Gabriel picked up Castiel’s overcoat and jacket from the couch arm. ‘He…’ Gabriel sighed. He couldn’t believe what he was about to do. ‘He’s my little brother, and if you hurt him, then you’ll have more to deal with than just me.’
'Better than you did?' Sam teased.
Dean looked over just in time to see his angel polish off the cheeseburger. 'I'd say “slow down,” but I guess it's too late for that,' he said.
.-.-.-.-.
Cas. I think he’d make a good hustler,’ he said.
Michael narrowed his eyes as he moved to stand beside Lucifer. ‘If Triton—’
‘Is there something on your mind, Anna?’ Crowley calmly asked.
‘I’m not interested in sleeping with him!’ Castiel insisted.
‘They do look good,’ Dean assured Castiel as he kissed a wing. ‘So beautiful. Just like you. Keep talking. Tell me what you want me to do to them.’
‘Cut? Cut what?’ Dean looked up to Benny, who was pointedly ignoring the pair.
‘You alright there, Cas?’ Dean asked. He probably should have cut off Castiel’s supply. So far, Dean had a good buzz going, but Castiel… Castiel was gone. The guy was a light weight. And very friendly. He was already sprawled across Dean’s lap, running a finger up and down his arm.
Castiel looked down at Dean. ‘I’m staying at the hotel over there,’ he said, pointing. ‘Room number twenty-one. My door’ll be unlocked.’
,’ Castiel bit out as he got out of bed. ‘I’m…I’m
Dean looked away. ‘Sorry.’
He pushed off the wall and spun around, bringing his gun up to empty air. He pulled out his EMF detector. Nothing. Then, suddenly, all lights were lit, and it emitted a sharp tone just as Dean was thrown down the hallway and slammed against the wall. He stumbled as the force released him. His eyes darted back and forth, the detector giving off no readings. So much for an 'easy job.'
Sam smiled at Dean and said nothing.
‘Well, of course
Balthazar turned around and stared at the empty spot where Castiel had been. ‘Cas? Castiel?’ Out of the corner of his eye, he saw movement. Castiel was already a fair distance away, heading straight to a boat in the distance. ‘You didn’t hear a word I said…you coward,’ he mumbled.
wings black?' Bobby asked.
Gabriel knelt beside the tub and stuck his hand into the water that was pooling at the bottom. Hesitantly, he lifted his hand and touched the pale yellow scales where he assumed Sam’s thigh would be. ‘This is so weird,’ he mumbled.
Gabriel reached up and pulled Sam down for a kiss. ‘In that case, I’m sleeping on the cot, but don’t get freaked out if I turn up in your bed or wake you up with a blow job.’
Dean flicked his fin, sending him a few feet away from Charlie. ‘
‘It’s real. I was just following the rumors of sightings. I never expected to
‘I met one, once…,’ Bobby said softly. ‘Karen. Young, beautiful, practical. She was amazing. And she…she took a bullet for me.’
Castiel chewed the inside of his cheek as he looked away. ‘That’s…actually what I’m afraid of,’ he quietly admitted. ‘I really don’t want this to be…fun. I don’t… I don’t want Gabriel to be
! It’s…it’s…’
‘You’d rather swim there,’ Castiel said. ‘Naked. I distinctly remember you saying you were skinny dipping.’
in bed, and you don’t just laugh at me for the unicorn thing.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Only when I feel like trying to get back together,’ Balthazar admitted. ‘Been a while, though.’
'Son of a bitch!' Dean emerged from the woods, brushing leaves and twigs from his person. He froze in his ministrations and looked up at Castiel like a deer caught in headlights.
‘They can’t hear you,’ Castiel said as he tugged on Dean’s shirt.
‘What I did isn’t uncommon. Plenty of angels have cut their wings to live a normal life, and you know it. But
Crowley watched impassively with a raised brow. He opened his mouth to remind Castiel that his mother already knew, but decided to let Castiel enjoy his little pity party. Arguing with Castiel in this state never led anywhere good—usually a hospital or the police station.
‘I’m not as drunk as they think I am…’
‘Gabriel.’
Castiel caught himself on the scaly, green tail and gasped as he felt muscles move beneath his hand. ‘W-what…’ He reached out with his other hand and touched Dean’s raised fin. Dean let out soft whine, and Castiel gently wrapped his fingers around the fin. It felt like the skin of a dolphin. His breath caught as he felt a pulse beat beneath his fingers. ‘This…this is…’
‘You what?! Seriously? You’re not fucking me, are you?’ Gabriel stared up at Sam. He hoped Sam was being honest.
Castiel rubbed at his legs where Muffin had dug in his claws. He had stood up, momentarily forgetting the cat in his lap. He sighed as he began looking through Gabriel’s suitcases, not bothering to put anything back. He needed to find that contract and either tear it to pieces or find a way out. After half an hour of searching, he had found no trace of the contract.
Sam tried another door, only to find a linen closet. He sighed and headed to the next door.
‘What advice?’ Dean asked, confused.
Dean stared down at Castiel. He rolled his eyes and turned towards the door. ‘Whatever. Suit yourself.’ He stepped forward, but stopped when he felt a tugging at his pant leg. He looked down to see Castiel staring up at him and blushing brightly.
the glitter things,’ Dean said as he leaned against Castiel. He couldn’t help it if he liked shiny things. When he had first discovered Sam’s shirt collection, he felt like he had found a treasure trove of the human equivalent to a mermaid tail. When he had pulled the shirt on and faced his mate, he hadn’t been expecting the sickened look he had received. So he had gladly gone shirtless instead, which seemed to meet Castiel’s approval, but not Sam’s.
Castiel grinned widely. ‘So you can’t control it… How much water does it take? Can it be freshwater, too? Or is it just seawater?’
Castiel showed Dean his bare wrist. ‘I didn’t want anyone to see…’
It was the dead of winter, and the narrow street was empty. From an alley next to an official looking building, emerged a young man. His clothing was nondescript; a simple, dark blue winter coat, jeans, combat boots, and a dark grey newsy cap. He pulled his hat down over his eyes as he looked up and down the road. He sighed in relief as he thrust his hands into his pockets and whistled nonchalantly.
Castiel shuddered and pulled away from Dean’s kiss as he felt Lucifer’s hold over him fade. He giggled giddily as he stood and no pain shot through his arm. ‘I’m free,’ he whispered, staring down at Dean in wonder. He blinked as he remembered the last time he had seen Dean. ‘I’m so sorry!’ he cried out and threw his arms around Dean’s neck as the Hunter stood, toppling them both back onto the bed.
Castiel relaxed a little, feeling reassured.
‘Smite…and…go…?’ Karen’s nose crinkled as she spoke, wrapping her mind around Dean had just said. ‘
‘Oh! Oh, my God,’ Castiel whispered. ‘You can control it?’
Benny cut the engine and turned to Dean. ‘Yeah, they’re right over there,’ he said, pointing to a duffel bag stuffed with clothing. He hoped that Dean would end up being a similar size. He had picked up a few outfits from a store, careful to avoid anything tourist-oriented. ‘Brought you a few choices.’
Some dialogue lifted from S5E01.
Dean brought his other arm around Castiel, protectively holding the angel in his arms. Through their connection, he could feel how Castiel thought Anna’s words were true. He placed a soft kiss on Castiel’s head. ‘She’s just jealous,’ he whispered. Even if Castiel didn’t believe it, Dean could tell the sentiment was appreciated.
Sam set his coat down and looked at Dean. ‘So… You’re dating Gabriel’s baby brother?’ he asked.
Dean looked away and sighed. ‘Cas, we can talk about this,’ he insisted. He wasn’t sure just what they could talk about, but he refused to lose his angel.
,’ he bit out hatefully. He rolled onto his side so that he faced the wall. At that moment, he couldn’t stand being human. He wanted the familiarity of the water flowing over his fins. At least in the water, he knew what was expected of him. He sighed as a soft knock broke the silence.
Dean drove away from the town. Part of him wanted to just keep going. Leave everything behind. He pulled off to the side of the road and got out. Leaning against the Impala, he stared at the stars.
Dean stared out the window of the old cabin. He sighed in irritation as the wind howled. It was just his luck he’d get stuck in the middle of nowhere right when a snow storm hit. No reception, no land lines, nothing.  And where was Sam? Nice and comfy back at their motel near the base of the mountain.
‘Cassie! Gabey! No hugs?’
Crowley smirked at Castiel. ‘Oh, yes. Your brother’s show. It’s very…
to, though.'
Castiel nodded.
‘Cut!’ Samandriel shouted.
‘And then Daphne was eaten by Scooby!’ Castiel cried as he grabbed Dean’s sleeve. ‘It was awful! It’s a horrid series made of trash!’
‘Then we’ll worry about it later,’ Dean said, clapping Castiel on the back. ‘Until then, you shouldn’t frown at happy eggs.’
‘W-what? Huh? Cas?’ Dean rubbed his eyes and yawned. ‘Wha’s wrong?’
‘Well… She has uh…’ Dean rubbed his neck as his face scrunched up in thought. Charlie had a spotted tail. Her real name translated to ‘beautiful spots dancing in the sea.’ ‘Spot’ made more sense than the mouthful that her name really was. Much like how Charlie referred to him as ‘Freckles.’ ‘Spot, er…Charlie has…’ He looked around the lobby, and his eyes landed on Sam. He silently pleaded for help.
drink with you.’
Castiel sighed and handed his phone over. He watched helplessly as Gabriel sifted through the various texts. Maybe he should start deleting them... He flinched when Gabriel's wings flapped out aggressively.
Not wanting to take his chances, he made his way as quickly as he could down the new hall. The sooner he met up with Sam and Gabriel, the better. If Gabriel could sense the ghost before the EMF detector could, then at least that would be some sort of edge.
.-.-.-.-.
Doctor Sexy!’ Dean happily proclaimed. He pushed himself onto his elbows and struggled to stay upright as he looked around the room. ‘Is it on? Where’s the TV?’
He made his way downstairs, and at the end of the hallway stood Dean and Charlie. Charlie offered him a friendly smile while Dean just raised an expectant brow. He stopped in front of Sam’s door and stared at the pair.
manage to reach you.’ Lucifer gently lifted Castiel’s chin. ‘Castiel, you will not leave this spot. You will remain where you are, and if anyone that is not me approaches you, you are to smite them.’
be a laughing stock,’ Crowley said. ‘As if anyone would believe me.’
Dean watched the exchange in confusion. ‘Cas, what’s goin’ on?’ he asked as he stood and followed Castiel out of the kitchen.
Gabriel smiled widely and nodded. ‘I planned for every sort of forced entry!’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Emphasis on the “teasing,” right?’ Balthazar said as he took the camera. ‘Now, you’re being mean.’
‘Tourists expect it,’ Sam bit out.
Dean stared down at Karen, shocked. ‘I…I didn’t know you felt that way…’
‘Er…yeah,’ Gabriel quietly replied. ‘If we take down the warding, I could make all doorways lead to about a mile away. Probably get rid of half of Lucifer’s guys before they caught on. Send in a fake army… I could do that with the warding up, but they wouldn’t pack the same punch.’
‘Samandriel.’
‘For now, Singer Hotel.’ Castiel looked down at his bare feet and sighed. ‘Somewhere else once I get back.’
Gabriel met Sam’s gaze and nodded. ‘Thanks,’ he mumbled, leaning into Sam’s touch.
'Just...stop it, all right?' Dean said desperately.
‘Please, Karen,’ Castiel said, placing a hand on Karen’s arm. ‘He’s in a devil’s trap right now. He poses no threat.’
Dean stared at Castiel dazedly. Castiel’s eyes were still glowing as he grinned down at the Hunter. Dean had a confused frown, but lost his train of thought as Castiel ground into him again. He arched his back and bucked against the angel, trying to gain some more friction. He cried out as he felt a hot mouth settle on his throat. Teeth nipped at his skin. A trail of sucks, kisses, and soft bites made its way down to his collar bone where he felt a particularly hard bite. He gasped as he wondered if Castiel had broken the skin.
‘Dude, it’s okay,’ Dean said softly as he took Castiel’s hand.
‘What about—‘
‘I think we broke something…’
Castiel ignored the odd phrasing. He had worked with plenty of other biologists that would get stuck in terminology and refer to their partners as mates. ‘Well, college I could understand. I was the guy that organized orgies. I left that stigma behind after I graduated. Um…I hope you don’t mind that I uh…well… I was pretty slutty.’
‘About— Yes, yes, I’m coming. What? No! Dammit, Crowley! Don’t— Dean, get out of that box! No, I am not gonna— You wouldn’t get the reference any— So all you watch is Muppets, porn, and music videos. Great. Oh. Doctor Sexy, too. Wonderful. I still won’t… I don’t care what Crowley says! Jody, stop encouraging him! I… I gotta go. I— Fine! Gabriel, you’re— I’m inviting him! Gabriel, come to the Four Seasons at six. You can bring Sam, too. Crowley and Jody are paying. Okay?’
Gabriel raised his chin defiantly at Dean and kept silent.
Dean laced his fingers through the feathers and leaned in. ‘Do you want me to stop?’ he whispered into Castiel’s ear. When Castiel shook his head, Dean softly kissed the side of his neck, pulling out another soft moan.
With a quick goodbye to Ruby, Sam and Dean were back on the road. A few hunts had cropped up, and vague and detailed messages alike were left on their voicemail. Dean needed the distraction.
‘You don’t—oh! You don’t need to…to know.’
‘Now, then. Visiting hours are almost up,’ Gabriel pointed out as he leaned down and picked up his clipboard, not taking his gun off of Sam. He backed his way to the door and pocketed his gun. ‘Go home, Sam. Get some rest. Dean’ll be just fine here.’
‘Yes, yes. And instead of a life spent running, a minor operation was the better option,’ Crowley finished.
Castiel nodded. He had helped Gabriel with that stunt.
‘Geez, Sammy… It’s not like I’m gonna be seen or anything,’ Dean said, swimming a slow circle around the pier. He turned over and glanced at the edge of the cove where Sam had come from. A dock with two small boats tied to it sat on the water. ‘I’m gonna guess the bigger one’s theirs.’
Castiel stared at Dean with a slight tilt to his head. ‘What does my family have to do with this?’
?’ Dean said cockily. He lost his grip as Sam pushed him and fell back into the water, laughing.
‘But you looked so…happy. Happier than I’ve ever seen you,’ Gabriel said as he placed his hand on the edge of the tub. ‘I can’t…take that away.’
Sam stared at Gabriel in silence, watching the other man’s face slowly turn bright red. He laughed loudly and his fins vibrated as his shoulders shook.
Gabriel hopped onto the bed next to Castiel. ‘As long as no one whips it out, we can all enjoy this magnificent contribution to porn.’
called being inconsiderate,' Gabriel replied.
‘And now Crowley’s going to cut you open with a pen knife and drink your blood!’ Castiel wailed helplessly into his hands. He stared at the top of Dean’s head, hovering just over his thigh. ‘I never got to cook for you… You never got to insult my cooking, and now you’re gonna be too dead to taste it,’ he said quietly.
Castiel brought his gaze back to Dean's eyes. 'I am truly sorry for what happened to you.’
Castiel threw the keys into the small room. ‘I never claimed to be innocent!’ he shouted. ‘So I’ve made mistakes! Plenty of them I’ve made with Crowley!’ He crossed his arms and looked away, his eyes resting on the fishing vessel. It wasn’t
Gabriel growled in annoyance. 'Anything before ten is not considered “morning,”' he said.
Dean raised his brow. ‘Okay…’
angel just appeared on his doorstep, came right inside, and was now bound to him! It didn't hurt that Castiel was pretty easy on the eyes.
.-.-.-.-.
Castiel gave Dean a knowing smile. ‘You don’t need to lie, Dean. It’s in your blood. Your family is the longest line of Hunters. Your heritage can be traced back to the Old Village. The first fighters against the darkness.’
Dean’s grin became uncertain as he searched Castiel’s face. He didn’t think he did anything wrong. He thought Castiel looked amazing in the pictures, and he was more than willing to show off his gorgeous mate to the world. Then he remembered how Castiel worried over others finding out about his hobbies. ‘Okay,’ he said, nodding.
Meanwhile, in front of a small lake, Lucifer sat in front of a wooden sign, painting it white. Beside him, a young merman with sandy hair and a yellow tail with green markings lay on his stomach, typing away on a laptop.
‘These ones,’ Benny said, handing Dean a pair of dark green boxers. They were similar in color to the darker stripes of Dean’s tail.
‘If you
‘He’s welcome to stay as long as he needs,’ Karen replied. ‘Should I look into getting an enclosed pond in the back? We could…cater to a certain crowd.’
‘I-it’s not what you think,’ Jimmy insisted. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply. He needed to keep his head about him and not let Dean distract him. Even if he hadn’t been trained nor briefed on his current situation, he would not fail. He was better than that.
Laughter drew their attention, and Dean quickly ducked under the pier.
‘Breaking things,’ Castiel replied as Gabriel’s shoulders slumped forward in guilt.
Dean grunted and shifted into a new position.
Castiel pulled the quilt more tightly around himself. He knew the kindness would only last until she saw his wings. Humans were a little more accepting of his wings than other angels. He leaned into Gabriel as Karen approached the couch.
Sam nodded as he sighed. ‘Yeah, I wasn’t expecting to be forgiven that easily,’ he said as he began to sit up. He yelped as arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him back down.
Castiel laughed and placed his hand on top of Dean’s. ‘Then come on up here.’
Sam stared at Castiel. Was he getting a second chance? What could he say to convince Castiel that he was worth getting a second chance? ‘We…I…’ He gave up on finding the right words. He let out a quiet whine and series of clicks in response.
‘Okay! I’m ready!’ Castiel said brightly. ‘How long was it?’
‘Yes.’
Dean took a deep breath before lightly kissing the top of Castiel’s head. ‘I’d like that.’
Gabriel carefully made his way up the steps, one at a time, not taking his eyes off of Charlie. He reached the top, and she raised her hand just as his foot came down on a nonexistent step. He righted himself and made a beeline to his room. He threw open the door and made an indistinct whine at the sight that greeted him.
Frustrated, Castiel swam back to the boat and pulled himself up. He set the camera aside and pulled off his goggles. He grunted in annoyance as he wrestled off his tank and stab jacket. He needed to get his spare tank ready. He pulled off his flippers and hurried to where he stashed his tank.
‘I can’t help it,’ Gabriel whined. ‘I feel them every time they climb the fence! Throwing them into the kiddie pool at the Y takes power.’
,’ Charlie insisted as she sank to the ocean floor, wrapping her tail around herself.
‘What’s this I hear about you hooking up with some random guy?’ Jody asked, dropping her smile. ‘You need to be more careful! He could be a deranged psychopath! Do you have any idea how many people go missing every year in resort towns?’
Now, he could just imagine finding Gabriel’s sea serpent, documenting the new species and its habits, riding out his fame, and enjoying all his spare time in Dean’s arms. He could also imagine just how it would all go wrong, too. The sea serpent would turn out to be a very clever hoax, he would forever be a laughing stock for being on Gabriel’s show, and Dean would find some pretty, young thing to chase after. He may not have reached forty yet, but he was well on his way. And Dean’s attention did seem to wander. Especially to the bare legs of young women.
Sam looked at Bobby in confusion. ‘Game show… Oh! Gabriel!’ He laughed as he shook his head. ‘No. Not yet, uh… I… I’m still thinking about it.’
?’ Dean said gruffly as he came closer. He gasped as he was yanked into the bungalow.
‘So, Dean… Why are you swimming around naked if you’re meeting up with your brother? Or is that just an excuse for getting caught?’ Castiel looked over Dean’s arms and chest, and he really liked what he saw. The small part of his mind that was possibly sober reminded him that he didn’t know anything about the man in front of him. Another part reminded him of his college years. Years that he had tried to leave far behind. Not even Gabriel knew what he had gotten up to.
?! You said yourself he wants Cas dead!’ Dean shouted.
‘Hey,
‘Well…like I was saying… Muffin’s…difficult to get along with,’ Castiel explained. ‘A lot of people don’t like him, and he uh… He likes to watch. Not everyone wants to look over in the middle of sex and see a cat staring at them.’
Gabriel bit his lip and rubbed his neck. He liked Sam, and he figured Sam liked him as well. The taller man would smile at him, laugh at his jokes, and offer to get dessert. Even Chuck was tolerating his relationship with Sam. That was a good sign, right?
before!’
Castiel shifted uncomfortably at the images Dean was sending him. Cakes declaring ‘Congrats on the killing!’ littered his mind. ‘He’s just upset that Mother made a cake when I hadn’t actually had a breakthrough.’
Castiel blushed and looked away with a self-conscious cough. ‘As I said…we reached an agreement.’
He opened the hood and stared. Maybe he should have looked online for what he could disconnect. What was what? Oil…fluid…battery… Sparkplug? Would that work? That was on the engine somewhere...
‘Tell you what… You throw
As Dean went off to follow up on a lead, Sam stopped at a drugstore and picked up a pack of gummy worms. He found a quiet spot at a nearby park and waited for Dean to call him. He wasn't aware of the presence that had followed him.
Dean brought his hand back up and let it hover over the feathers. ‘I have no idea how to do this,’ he admitted with a slight grin.
Gabriel sighed and showed Sam one of Castiel's texts. 'Worse.'
Castiel reached forward, but quickly brought his hand back. ‘This is… Well. And I thought you were hung before,’ he said as he leaned back. ‘Is… Is it
Sam tilted his head slightly. 'Wings? You can see their wings?' he asked.
a house?! Does it need a pool or…or a lake? Then you have to worry about neighbors… Dammit! What am I supposed to do?! I’m too
‘Maybe…your spell’s just leading you to the right person,’ Dean said. He looked up to meet Castiel’s eyes and smiled at the hopefulness he saw there.
Dean pulled himself up onto the pier, the end of his tail still in the water. Lightly, he touched Castiel’s chest. His fins spread out at the sound of Castiel’s deep moan. He guided Castiel next to him, careful to keep his fins from touching the human. He leaned in close and paused just in before touching Castiel’s lips with his own. ‘Never done this before,’ he whispered.
Benny stared at Dean. His eyes traveled over Dean’s body and down the long tail. ‘What?’
Castiel glanced at Dean and looked away. ‘How…how much damage did I cause?’ he asked.
And then there was the cat. Charlie shuddered as she rounded the corner and descended the stairs. She knew well enough to not go anywhere near Muffin. The cat absolutely adored Castiel. It was very misleading to see him sitting in Castiel’s lap, belly up and purring loudly. If anyone else tried to pet him, he would hiss and swipe. She had seen it firsthand. Seen the bloody trails that Muffin left behind. So she was thoroughly disturbed when Muffin sniffed at her, deemed her worthy, and sat next to her.
Dean shook his head before grabbing at Castiel’s tie and pulling him forward.
‘Someone’s probably drunk,’ he said. He sighed as Dean pulled off the headphones he wore. ‘Really. It’s nothing to worry about. Happens all the time.’
'Don't be a drama queen, boy,' Bobby said. 'You two come an' sit down. And you,' Bobby pointed his fork at Castiel, 'don't burn the house down or do anything you can't fix.'
Castiel flinched and looked at the floor.
Muffin purred loudly and bumped his head against Castiel’s nose before moving to lick at his hair.
.-.-.-.-.
‘You’re not fast enough,’ Anna pointed out distastefully. ‘You get the East side, I’ll take the West.’
.-.-.-.-.
? Maybe he’s…weighing his options?’
When it was seen how an angel could fight a monster, every family wanted one. Some humans went off in search of an angel to claim as their own. Few succeeded. Those who did, began offering their services for a small fee. A hunter who once made his living hunting big game, now made his way in hunting monsters.
‘Dad sees
Thunder echoed in the distance, and the pair looked to approaching clouds.
Castiel reluctantly nodded.
wasn’t this good fresh outta the womb. I had to learn how to shoot. How to recognize signs… No one’s
‘Great. Crisis solved,’ Dean said as he stood. He reached over and shut off the shower. ‘So, will you come out and have dinner?’
Gabriel growled in frustration. ‘Their link!’ he bit out.
‘Fame and fortune! Naming rights to a new species,’ Castiel replied between choked sobs. ‘I don’t wanna be famous… I don’t wanna be known for anything like…like Gabriel. The moment this show airs… Nooo… I’ll be a laughing stock! Everything I’ve ever worked on will be disregarded! Hah! Good! Maybe all the work I did will force Naomi to start from scratch!’ He tugged at his skirt and sniffled as he muttered to himself.
‘You’ll get over it,’ Sam said distractedly. He was standing on a ladder, changing a light bulb in one of the ceiling lights.
Castiel stopped in his tracks and pulled his wings in tightly. He stared up at Dean's questioning gaze. 'I-I'm sorry. It was an accident. I didn't...' He looked down, clenching his hands into fists. 'I didn't mean to kill him,' he said quickly.
Dean had no idea how lucky he was. He could speak a human language right out of the water. He already knew a little about human customs and societal standards. For a moment, Sam was jealous that
Bobby stared at the demon. It all clicked together. Karen, Gabriel, Castiel, even Crowley. ‘It’s family. That’s all you care about.’
He pulled at his sleeves self-consciously while taking a final glance at the mirror. He sighed and headed downstairs.
Dean nodded and rubbed his neck. ‘Then…can we hold off telling them until after Balthazar and Anna are gone?’
Dean lifted up a paper bag from the burger joint he and Sam had finally settled on. ‘I gotcha a cheeseburger and curly fries… Are you…doing better?’
‘Well, of course! Why wouldn’t I?’ Castiel huffed as he crossed his arms. ‘Gabriel, where are you going with this?’
Sam swallowed and nodded. 'Y-yeah. Sorry,' he apologized. 'It's just...well...y'know...'
‘Thanks to you,’ Balthazar added.
Castiel nodded and gave him a confused look. ‘Hanged,’ he corrected. ‘But, yes, I remember. What does this have to do with anything?’
body.’
Balthazar pulled up short when he looked up from his camera and his eyes fell on Sam. ‘Hello, Charlie’s friend,’ he greeted.
‘Gilda?’
Both Jody and Crowley nodded in understanding. ‘That makes more sense,’ Crowley said. ‘Wait. I think I remember something… I thought we couldn’t find a camera.’
Dean rolled his eyes and scoffed. ‘Just ‘cuz the Campbell family business was Hunting, doesn’t mean none of them could have lived a perfectly normal life.’
Castiel grimaced down at Dean. The mermaid’s head was submerged, and he was grinning apologetically at Castiel. How was he supposed to properly explore Dean’s body in privacy and with the convenience of a decently sized tub or shallow pool? He’d be able to back home, but here? There was nothing. Not unless he found a good excuse to kick Crowley out of the bungalow for an afternoon.
‘What? What’s wrong?’ Dean bobbed along, mirroring Sam’s path.
There, on the front porch, was a young angel. The angel was staring off to the side, distractedly pulling at the tie around his neck.
'Better than nothing,' Dean said as he retrieved his shotgun.
‘We’ll air out the room when we’re done,’ Castiel assured him.
ago! I’m a different person now! I don’t
‘I don’t…oh.’ Castiel gave Dean a dirty look. ‘It’s not a…a
Dean hated that he couldn't keep this lowly angel out of his head. Had he really become this powerless? This...
Sam nodded at Charlie and watched her take Castiel back up the path to the hotel. He sighed as he turned his attention back to Dean. ‘What were you thinking?!
Sam stared at Gabriel, torn between horror and amusement. ‘So that happens…often?’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Okay, okay. Drinking
Sam nodded as he looked over Dean’s progress and all of the notes that were spread across the desk. He sat down as he sifted through the notes, comparing them to Dean’s preliminary sketches. ‘Well…this’d be a hell of a lot easier if you just took out this spell completely…’
‘Do you really think Cas went off the deep end?’ Sam asked.
convincing them to leave,’ Anna calmly replied. She tried placing her calming energies on Dean again, but the young Hunter was still livid. She tilted her head slightly. ‘You really do like him.’
Castiel's attention was pulled to Karen.
Castiel hesitantly made his way around the car and got in.
Dean opened his mouth and quickly shut it. No. The sheltered, shut-in angel's idea of a television was a
Dean’s eyes flicked up, and he glared at Castiel through his lashes. ‘Why would they send an
‘I don’t care.’
‘B-because… ‘cuz it’s rude t-to punch the…the…,’ Castiel stuttered between sobs and looked up at Crowley. ‘Oh, God! I’m marrying a
‘I want this to be over with. I want to go home. I want my old job back. I would rather be in that office, listening to recordings, than be here on some wild goose chase of yours,’ Castiel calmly replied.
Sam frowned and pulled the car into traffic. ‘I gave you a specific route,’ he said. ‘It’s not
Crowley looked from Gabriel to Castiel. ‘Not you, too?’
.-.-.-.-.
He hurried to Dean’s side and looked over the bandages, making irritated noises over the state of them. He tensed when the door clicked shut. ‘Dean, what is going on?!’ he asked in a hushed tone.
‘Oh, Crowley found me a room at the Four Seasons. He wants me to throw myself a…
Castiel's eyes flew open, and he reflexively pulled his wings in tight. He stared ahead and held his breath. What should he do? What should he say? He could feel embarrassment and shame coming through the connection of the binding cuff. He didn't want Dean to feel that way. Should he excuse himself? Should he encourage Dean to continue? He felt the mattress shift and shake, and he watched as Dean ran from the room, muttering apologies.
has snacks,’ Gabriel said as he climbed on board. He took a deep breath as the small boat moved with the water. He could do this. He could ride around without a life jacket for an hour or so. There was very little chance that he would fall overboard and drown. He had a better chance of Castiel drowning him in the bathtub for eating the last of the ice cream ten years ago in a belated attempt at revenge. He heard his name being called and looked up.
‘Gabriel, what’s going on?’ Sam asked.
After an hour had passed, he gave up. He stood up and caught sight of himself in the mirror hanging above Dean's dresser. He was wearing only an undershirt and trousers. With a thought, he was fully dressed. He frowned at his reflection. He had never really gotten the hang of summoning freshly ironed clothes, much to his father's dismay. He wondered if he should make the effort of physically ironing his clothes. Would Dean appreciate it?
‘Do we have sequins?’
‘Really, Dean?’ Gabriel teased and waved a hand at the TV. ‘This shit is
‘Close as you can get.’
‘How about this: If he gets caught, then our so-called rescue mission is a bust!’ Sam snapped. ‘It’ll be harder to sneak around, and if Cas really
Dean beamed proudly. 'I should hope so! I made it myself.'
‘Who?
‘The Y… Gabe, that’s over five miles away!’ Sam said, sitting up.
Dean crawled onto bed and positioned himself just behind Castiel. ‘You could always jump out the window,’ he replied before slowly running his hands over the black wings. He leaned forward and pressed his lips against Casitel’s neck. ‘But do you really want to jump out the window?’
‘I know,’ Lucifer said with a sigh. ‘They probably think they’re making the right decision. Choosing the…lesser of two evils. In their eyes, at least.’ He stroked Castiel’s cheek and gave him a sad look. ‘Unfortunately, my brother won’t see you as the gift you are.’
‘Don’t sell yourself short! You took me on the most scenic routes possible!’ Gabriel exclaimed. ‘We coulda gone through a village or a…a more developed path. Woulda been quicker.’
Dean shook his head.
Gabriel rolled his eyes and crossed his arms as he slouched down. ‘Well, if that’s how you’re gonna be, then you can sleep on the cot and wake
‘I’m working,’ Castiel replied.
gets to sleep in and
advice yielded better results,’ he replied.
What greeted him was not Castiel.
Sam turned to Castiel. ‘Our mother wasn’t a…a…’
‘It might help you in your decision.’
‘I’m sorry I never told you,’ Castiel said quietly.
‘I like this Alfie guy better than Anna,’ he said.
‘I’m going to go now. It was nice while it lasted, Dean. But…you don’t deserve this. You don’t deserve the trouble I’d bring,’ he said quietly. He made his way to the door and had the wind knocked out of him when he was shoved against the wall and forcibly spun around. ‘W-wha—?!’
Castiel breathed in deeply. ‘But…your mother…’
anything, then Lucifer’ll know! I can’t…I can’t let him know it’ll be okay…’
‘Oh, I got that covered. Sam gave me a leather…cord,’ Dean said, waving his hand. ‘I just wanted a pull-thing and hole-thing.’
Sam nodded awkwardly. ‘Is… Are you sure she’s in Heaven?’ he quietly asked.
‘Sorry.’
? With me? Why?!’
Sam was about to ask who Gabriel was going to mention when he felt a small hand on his shoulder. He looked down at Karen's pleading face. She shook her head, and Sam sighed.
‘Your
‘I’m sorry,’ she said.
Castiel watched Gabriel leave the living room. He held out his arm and twisted it so that he could see some of the feathers permanently marked on his body. He didn’t think it was that bad. Of course, he had his own freak out when he woke up with his back in pain and no recollection of what had happened. Crowley had informed him later that they had a few people over, and Castiel had gotten absolutely shit-faced. When he had found out one of their guests was a tattoo artist, he had apparently offered to trade one of his paintings for the tattoo. As for why he had chosen wings, he was told he had gone on at length about how he ‘needed wings scorched by the fires of Hell.’
A large pile of camera and audio equipment sat on Castiel’s old bed. He looked from the bed to Gabriel, who offered an uncertain smile from his spot on his own bed.
Dean disembarked and set off down the dock toward the bungalows, almost-empty box in hand. He was pretty sure that this was what Castiel wanted. Who wouldn’t want to fool around and pretend at the same time? And from the list of pornos that Castiel had given him, Dean had a pretty good idea of what Castiel was in to.
‘I didn’t—’ Castiel looked over as Balthazar laid a hand on his shoulder.
‘I thought you might want to know that your…friends are here to rescue you,’ Lucifer replied. He smiled at the glimmer of hope that Castiel’s face betrayed. ‘Granted, it’s much sooner than I had been anticipating… I was hoping to have a better grasp of exactly what you are capable of before dealing with them. Although, I would love to know how they snuck past my lookouts. Would you happen to know, Castiel?’
is…a Disney character based on a book. You really haven’t seen
Charlie sighed and looked back at Sam. ‘Shouldn’t you be getting ready?’ she asked.
Benny nodded. ‘I can see that,’ he said as he handed to scales back to Dean.
Balthazar and Anna returned that afternoon. Balthazar headed to the panic room, and Anna eventually made her way to Dean.
‘I uh… Sorry. It’s just weird,’ Castiel tried to explain before his thoughts could get carried away.
Crowley let out an exasperated sigh. ‘Obviously, someone doesn’t know how to read blueprints with warding. Gabriel. Would you be so kind as to enlighten him?’
Dean and Castiel sat on Dean’s couch. Castiel had his feet tucked under him, and he was refraining from leaning against Dean.
Crowley sighed and tapped his fork lightly against his plate. ‘Well…Michael is a self-righteous prick,’ he replied. ‘He thinks he’s doing the “right thing.” Free all the angels, kill all the demons… To him, humans are inconsequential.’
Dean gave a wink before shrugging Castiel off. 'We'll be fine.'
The plan was to enter the mixed apartments from a warehouse about a half mile away. After a couple tries, Gabriel had managed to connect a door in the warehouse to one in the apartment basement. Quickly the group of angels, demons, and Hunters filed through the door. Once on the other side, both Michael and Karen could feel a difference in the air.
Castiel blushed as all attention was directed at him. ‘I’m sorry…’
‘Sammy! You get a choice between brats and uh…ooh! A pretzel! I’ll just bring both.’
He quickly blinked his sleep away and stared at Castiel's back. Every so often, a wing would twitch. He had to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from giggling as some of the soft feathers grazed his side. Should he wake up Castiel? Don't wake him up? Would Castiel mind if Dean ran his fingers through the soft feathers?
‘She’s human,’ Charlie replied. ‘It’s okay! She would never tell anyone. She’s a wildlife conservationist and uh…activist.’
‘I don’t
like camping. Can we not camp?'
going to find a kinky, nerdy…sexual deviant again! Right under my nose the entire time!’
‘Then I’ll steer clear of their boat,’ Dean said. ‘Sound good?’
‘Did you need help?’ Castiel asked. He shrugged and looked down at his skirt floating around him. He glanced back up when he heard a low, clicking whistle coming from Dean. Despite his current mental state, he couldn’t help the blush that tinted his cheeks.
.-.-.-.-.
,’ he said, winking.
‘Gabe’s telling him tonight.’
‘Mindless destruction one day, then wanting to adopt every homeless animal in existence the next,’ Gabriel added. ‘
‘Dragon sounds cooler,’ Balthazar said petulantly.
‘You can’t talk about the mermaid you met? Not even to…me?’
‘Like hell it doesn’t! You guys are supposed to be here for Cas and Gabe’s protection, but you’re hiding from something?!
Michael frowned, trying to remember who Samandriel was. His mind supplied an image of a drunken Gabriel leaning on the shoulder of a young man. The young man had given him an apologetic smile. The only apologetic smile he had ever been inclined to forgive. ‘Gabriel’s gopher?’
Dean stopped just behind Castiel and stared at the small entourage in the entryway. Anna stared back, wide-eyed and pressed against the wall, trying to be as far away without actually leaving. A shorter, well-dressed, middle-aged man stood in the center of the entry with his arms crossed and glaring at Castiel. The only one that actually seemed comfortable with the situation was a young, dark-haired woman, leaning against the front door.
Castiel shook his head, then quickly stopped and grabbed it. ‘No.’
Castiel rolled his eyes. ‘Yes, I know! I’m not going to sue if I get hurt or die while drunk. We’ve been over this.’
‘You don’t even know what I said!’ Adam shot back, pushing himself up. ‘For all you know, I’m talking about baseball.’
‘Whatever. Where is he?’
, get human,’ he said to Dean before turning away. ‘And keep Castiel here!’
Castiel was leaning against the Impala, waiting patiently. Occasionally, a passing driver would ask if he needed assistance. He perked up when he felt Dean's return.  He stood and looked to the wooded area just off the side of the road. A loud crack resounded, followed by a pained shout.
'Can you tell where it is?' Sam asked.
! And he doesn’t care about what I’ve done! He…he likes me for
Sam’s lips thinned, and he nodded. In a few short steps, he was next to Castiel. He took Gabriel from Castiel’s arms and nodded his head in Dean’s direction.
! My own
'Oh, I'm not worried,' Castiel replied and maneuvered his wing so that it rested against Dean's hand. 'And I'll be certain to protect
.-.-.-.-.
‘Helping?’ Castiel replied as he caught his breath. ‘It’ll be easier for the change.’
Crowley turned his attention to his glass. He did have a habit of spoiling his boys. Even Gabriel had trouble focusing his power at times. He let out a sigh before speaking. ‘She has a point, Castiel. Anna, you’re in charge of training him.’
Castiel pushed his shirt down. ‘Good morning,’ he replied. ‘It’s just a scratch. Nothing big.’
right into a spiked wall of pain. And take everyone else along for the ride. ‘Cas…’
Gabriel nodded. ‘Scales, huh?’
‘It’s in the chimney.’
‘Yeah… Pretty convincing, huh?’ Gabriel said as he stood and faced Sam. ‘It won’t be used in the show, though. Maybe as a reference for an artist’s representation or something, but not the actual photo. Because, well…’ He dropped his eyes to the floor. He really wanted to trust Sam. ‘I-I took the photo,’ he whispered.
‘Rainbow dolphin dick? Really?’
When he got back,it was to find out that Ruby was ‘missing.’ Well, there was part one of Sam's grand plan. He hoped he wouldn’t have too long to wait to play his own part.
Castiel looked up at Dean. ‘I’m sorry. I’m just upset right now,’ he replied. ‘Please…please don’t ask why…’
With that thought, he tugged down Gabriel’s boxers to get to the rest of the tape and weapons. Gabriel’s pubic hair was very neatly groomed. Sam shook his head and smiled as he removed the last holster that rested about his hips. He replaced Gabriel’s clothes and settled on the chair next to the door. He pulled out his phone and pulled up a book.
Jimmy sighed as he moved to pull Dean’s hand off of his sleeve. He had to quickly twist away as Dean’s fist nearly connected with his jaw. He ducked as Dean tugged on him and tried to land another punch. He spun and pulled harshly, managing to free himself from Dean’s grasp, and hurried away.
Michael nodded and waved for Balthazar to take his place in holding up Lucifer. He stroked Lucifer’s hair as he waited for his brother to fully awaken.
Karen smiled at him and glanced over his shoulder to the doorway. ‘Why don’t you and Castiel help his father get settled? I’ll finish up in here.’
like your style of love note better than I did.’
‘Oh…sorry,’ Castiel replied, not feeling sorry in the least. ‘I was busy.’
‘Sure. Uh…’ Dean looked at Sam and raised his brows in question.
Castiel dug his fingers into his arms as he nodded against his will.
Sam nodded as he leaned back against the railing. ‘Yeah. The other one has yellow scales with deep blue markings,’ he said. He licked his lips and smiled softly. ‘Like…like sunshine drifting through the water,’ he said, translating his full name.
Dean tore his eyes away from the stair landing and looked at his brother. ‘Uh… Cas has been acting…weird. Since this morning.’
Dean nodded happily and took off for the nearest convenience store.
‘Yes! He doesn’t believe me!’ Castiel cried out. He straightened and glared as Dean broke out into a new fit of laughter. He stamped his foot and the light above them burst. ‘Dean!’
you’ll like.’
Castiel made his way out onto the terrace and found Jody and Crowley lounging in the plunge pool. His shoulders sagged in resignation at the bright smile Jody gave him. ‘Hello, Jody.’
!’ Jody said with a roll of her eyes. ‘But, seriously,
Castiel cringed at the reminder of the horrified scream. Lucifer had ordered him to smite the unsuspecting angel when his food was delivered. He had tried to fight the command, but he still felt the power rush through him, so he hadn’t been expecting Uriel to survive the smiting. It didn’t register with him until he realized that the screaming hadn’t stop. He was pulled from his thoughts as Lucifer spoke again.
Castiel waited next to the door and cringed as his car started with absolutely no problem.
at three in the morning.'
Crowley gave a bored sigh and raised a brow at Bobby. ‘Was that really necessary?’
SPOILERS (for whichever chapter it all gets resolved): Cas and Crowley found tequila and decided it was a good idea to make Bal a sexy video of Cas getting off for when he fucks off for long trips. No cheating involved. Just bad judgement and forgetting. END SPOILERS
‘Are you naked,’ Castiel reiterated.
‘Yeah… I essentially put a devil’s trap on the other side of the cuff, but, y’know…with bits of the original spell tacked on.’
you own matches
Castiel’s head flew up, and he forced a smile. ‘Yes. I’m fine,’ he said quickly. He looked to Jody pleadingly. ‘Right?’
Dean tried to walk past Castiel, but Castiel grabbed his arm and spun Dean to face him. Dean held his breath, his eyes wide and searching Castiel’s.
Dean stumbled and caught himself on the wall. He hit the wall in frustration. He breathed raggedly, ignoring Sam’s frantic questions in his ear. He clenched his fists tightly, knowing that he probably wouldn’t catch sight of Jimmy again. He stilled and stared ahead. In his fist, he could feel a small metal object. He brought his hand up and slowly opened it, revealing a silver cufflink. He turned it over, examining it. It had a pair of wings engraved on it. It may not be much, but…it was a lead.
‘Yeah…guess I only saw a small part of it…’
His eyes widened as Castiel leaned down and licked the length of the scar. He let his head fall back as Castiel’s tongue continued past the scar and up to his hip where Castiel paused again. ‘Don’t stop,’ Dean begged.
Castiel blinked in confusion. Then his blush deepened as he felt Dean’s lust bear down on him. ‘Oh! Oh, no! Not that. Gabriel and I have very different definitions. I mean actually grooming. Straightening feathers, cleaning off dirt…that sort of thing,’ he hurriedly explained. ‘Not that I’m opposed to Gabriel’s definition. I would v—I mean! No! I’m good. Thank you.’ He buried his face back in his knees and covered his head with his wings. Why couldn’t he ever say the right thing? The perfect opportunity to flirt, even with his less than stellar timing, and he went and screwed it up.
A shiver ran down Castiel’s spine as he felt the order settle over him. He really hadn’t been expecting it to turn him on as much as it did. But wasn’t he supposed to be testing the cuff’s power? Did this situation count? His thoughts were derailed as Dean’s fingers raked along the space between his wings. Oh, fuck tradition right in the ass.  He let Dean’s order take over and found that he truly was unable to touch himself. Dean was going to drive him crazy with pleasure and it thrilled him.
Gabriel opened his eyes and looked up at Sam. His smile fell a little at the angry look he was receiving. 'Would it make you feel better if you made one up about
Bobby nodded and glanced down at the cufflink in Dean’s hand. ‘Now, the question is…what do they want with you?’
‘At least, not until Dad flipped out,’ Gabriel added.
. He wanted
Sam winced as he looked around. The sound wasn’t as loud as before, but it was just as persistent. A high-pitched whine, just on the edge of human hearing. ‘Sorry, Cas, but…can you make him stop?’ he asked.
Check out my Tumblr (likhoradka) and see what else I'm up to! There's art and more writing!
'Where were you?' Sam asked. 'I've been trying to call you for hours! And don't say your phone was off.'
going to check on Cas.’
Dean panted as Castiel sucked on him at a leisurely pace. There was not enough friction for him to get off, but enough to keep him interested and wanting more. And whatever Castiel was doing to his ass felt amazing. Much better than anything felt when he had his tail. He choked out a cry in surprise as Castiel’s finger pushed into him. As Castiel pushed further, the mouth around his cock pressed further down.
Dean pointed the remote at the TV and turned the power off. At least, he tried. Repeatedly. ‘Gabriel!’
Dean sighed and looked down at the bag he still held. Peeking inside, he found a can of whipped cream and a piece of notebook paper. He pulled out the paper and felt proud of himself for being able to make out a couple words. ‘Cat…soo-it…feh…fee…ver… Right. Sammy!’
?! Does his wife even know? How many other times, Castiel? How many other people? I…I know I shouldn’t, but…I still love you, Cas. And maybe…maybe we could fix it if you would just
'Son, when you catch yerself an angel, you'll find out,' Bobby said with a small smirk.
'Wait.
‘Then why do you seem so worried?’
This is where the first misunderstanding for this fic comes in. It should be obvious when it pops up. If you want reassurances and spoilers for what happened, then see end notes.
‘I found out my brother’s a bigger slut than I thought,’ Gabriel bitterly replied. ‘
‘Yeah… Sorry. He, uh…confiscated it when I told him about it. Apparently, he mixed it up with another disc,’ Balthazar explained.
.-.-.-.-.
'Yes, you are,' Dean said, gripping Gabriel's shoulder.
‘But that doesn’t sound as cool,’ Gabriel whined.
Sam leaned down and lightly kissed Gabriel’s forehead. ‘You’re an idiot, but at least you’re a cute idiot.’
‘No! Bad!’ Gabriel pulled his brother away from Dean.
Benny blinked as Castiel turned away and rummaged through his bag. What had that stupid mermaid gotten him into? He raised his eyes to the early morning sky. What was he supposed to do? What was Dean planning? What had possessed him to allow himself to get wrangled into that crazy mermaid’s scheme?
Dean narrowed his eyes at Sam. ‘My friend has it on his boat,’ he carefully replied.
Castiel paused the movie and turned to face Dean. ‘What’s wrong?’
. Or rather, merman. What would be the proper species name? He swallowed as he found his voice. ‘I… Rest of our…’ He struggled to comprehend just what was going on. His mind kept drawing blanks for what he should do or how he should answer. He cocked his head to the side, as he grasped the only familiar thing he could. ‘What is your average lifespan?’
could sit in the van while
Sam grinned and positioned himself over Gabriel. He kissed and sucked at Gabriel’s neck.
‘Apparently, your friends have deemed it necessary to alert Michael to your location,’ Lucifer said calmly.
Sam shook his head. His hair fell into his face and he reached up to tuck it back. ‘No, I uh…I’m…open to…people?’ he replied uncertainly. How could he explain merfolk sexuality without saying anything?
‘Shouldn’t that be
Castiel breathed in sharply. ‘You…you mean it? But…’
Gabriel scratched at his head and looked to Castiel. ‘Doesn’t matter to me. They’re your scenes, Cas. When and where?’
Sam recognized the blond man and the other redhead as being on the film crew. He watched and listened carefully as they came closer.
was fish. Well…part fish. Maybe…maybe he had been going about this all wrong. He didn’t understand
‘Why?’ Benny took a few steps back, leaning against the railing.
‘And you wanna talk about this…
,’ Seraphiel quickly apologized, folding his wings and rolling over into a sitting position. He stared at the floor as he pulled his Grace away from Castiel’s. ‘
He heard the rumors from some of his demon contacts. His Grace was far too contaminated for them to recognize him for what he truly was, and a few well-learned tricks over the years had ensured any new encounters saw him as human. Any who refused to speak with Dean Winchester could be convinced to  speak with whoever he happened to bodysnatch.
Gabriel pulled on Sam’s shirt and eventually managed to remove it. He ran hands along Sam’s chest and down to his hips. ‘Fuck, you are
‘Okay...’
Castiel looked between the two, not entirely certain of what he had managed to get himself into. As romantic and fun as having two lovers chase after him had sounded in his head, seeing it play out was a little more frustrating than he had imagined. ‘Well, I’d love to stay and chat, but I have a cat to feed,’ he said, taking a step back.
Sam nodded in agreement. ‘You’re going in as a married couple to scope out the bank.’
have a tail! You’re a
‘Dean’s meeting up with us later,’ Benny replied.
Karen nodded happily and set about cleaning up.
‘I’ve never seen you this worked up over anyone before,’ Sam said.
‘Home? Your home?’ Dean asked as he sat up.
‘You asked me before what I wanted for helping,’ Dean said as he turned to face Benny with a happy grin. ‘I want clothes.’
Dean looked down at Castiel in shock. ‘Seriously, Cas? You’re worth more than some gun!’
Sam stared at the rippling water beneath his feet. A bathtub just didn’t have the same feel as the ocean. He had snuck into a pool once, but the chlorine had left him itching for weeks after. He knew that if he jumped in, he would probably leave everything he had behind. He was happy with his current life. Sharks didn’t stalk people on land.
‘Oh, oh God! F-fuuuck! Cas, I-I—’ Dean came with a shout and a shrill whine, bordering on inhuman.
‘You’re friend.  Great. Your
‘What?’
Castiel nodded in understanding.
‘Because you would have just let the mermaid go?’ Dean offered. He hoped that was what Castiel would do if he had been put into that sort of position.
‘Depends on who you ask,’ Castiel mumbled.
The scene went black and Castiel took a shaky breath. ‘I guess we need to reshoot?’
‘Castiel, I want to see what you are capable of,’ Lucifer said. ‘Smite him.’
‘Cas?’ Dean looked down at Castiel. ‘What’s wrong?’ he asked.
He pulled away and slowed as he drew up next to the older pier. He could still remember how the weathered wood felt under his hands…beneath his back… He shook his head hard, reminding himself that it was just a drunken fantasy. He really needed to stop drinking so much. He wasn’t in college anymore. No more going to class high or hung over. He was an adult. He had responsibilities. He needed his wits about him if he was going to survive this ordeal.
‘Yeah, I know,’ Gabriel said bitterly. ‘Samandriel’s allergic, you’re…doin’ a good job getting on with him, so that just leaves me.’ He sighed as he trudged toward the door. ‘Did he ever apologize?’
?! You could be the next major attraction at Sea World. How’s that sound?’
‘Really,’ Balthazar said, his interest piqued. ‘In that case, your little fisherman had better make a move soon. Otherwise, I’m gonna have to steal you right out from under his nose.’
‘Not really,’ Sam replied distractedly. He hoped Dean and Charlie were all right.
‘This is a dream, Castiel,’ Lucifer said evenly. ‘You
Castiel looked at the table Dean had been hiding behind. It was riddled with bullets. He raised his brow at Dean. ‘Yes, I can see that.’
Dean took a moment to recall what the word meant. ‘Oh. Er… I’d love to, but uh… I have this…thing,’ he uneasily replied. ‘It’s uh… Y’know…unfamiliar showers and baths and…stuff.’
Dean sighed and crossed his arms. ‘Well? Can you control your power or not?’
‘Why do I even have to be here?’ he asked. ‘We can’t really
Sam leaned down and whispered a promise of how he would help erase any and all traumatizing memories after they got Castiel back. He smiled as Gabriel reluctantly agreed and leaned against him.
‘Would you like them to be anywhere in particular?’ Dean asked, smirking.
‘And, if you happen to encounter Sam Winchester…’
Castiel groaned miserably into Dean’s chest. ‘Please don’t tell anyone,’ he said.
‘I don’t know… He’s a fucking
'But—'
‘Not just my colors,’ Dean said, cutting off Castiel. ‘My scars, too. Humans might dig scars, but mermaids sure as hell don’t.’
Gabriel appeared to consider the question. ‘Think of Angel Corp as…your guardian angel,’ he said. ‘You might not see us, but we’re always watching.’
‘After you did so well with the last one?’ a new voice interrupted.
‘It’s morning,’ Castiel said, his eyes darting from Dean’s eyes to his lips.
Right in the center of the room were Castiel and Dean—lips locked and completely oblivious to his presence.
Crowley considered the question as he looked over Dean from head to tail. ‘Right now? Nothing,’ he replied.
‘In exchange for dinner,’ Balthazar replied. ‘Let me right this, Cas. There’s still something there. I can’t fix what happened, but…let me try to make it better?’
if you just let him sit around and watch cartoons all day? In your need to protect him, he’s lost the ability to protect
‘Guess we were both caught off-guard.’
‘Okay… I guess…I’ll see you guys tomorrow? Um… Tell Dean I’m sorry about Cas. I love you. Er…you. Not Dean. Well, Dean’s okay, but he’s got nothin’ on you, and—’
Both Castiel and Crowley visibly stiffened, staring wide-eyed at each other. Crowley flicked his eyes toward Jody and back, thinning his lips. Castiel responded by taking his cat from Dean’s lap and putting all his attention into petting Muffin.
‘Like the cuff? But that’s… How?!’ Karen’s wings flared out as she placed her hands on her hips. ‘An angel can’t bind another angel!’
‘That monster would not leave the bed,’ Crowley said in disgust. ‘Which, by the way, still smells like sex even after the maid changed the linens.’
Gabriel didn’t know how long he had been sitting below deck in the dark. It could have been five minutes or an hour. He was huddled on the steps, arms wrapped tightly around his legs, trying to figure out what was going on. There was a soft knock on the door, and he hugged his knees tighter. He had forgotten to lock the door! If Sam came in, there would be no escape.
Castiel wanted to ask more, having never stayed at a hotel either, but the waitress had arrived with their food.
‘Come, now, Castiel,’ Lucifer said as he sat next to Castiel. ‘Don’t be like this. I’ve done everything to make you comfortable.’
‘I was under the impression you wanted nothing to do with me earlier,’ he said quietly.
‘Not serious at all,’ Bobby said as he patted Sam’s back.
‘It’s why I kept applying to be assigned to you,’ Gabriel said dejectedly. ‘But I’m “needed elsewhere”,’ he said in a snotty voice, making air quotes.
After Bobby and Karen had been gone for several minutes, Gabriel released his hold of Castiel. 'You gonna be all right?' he asked.
‘So…I just sorta assumed you’d be like the rest of them,’ Dean finished with an apologetic smile.
‘All right,’ Benny eventually said. ‘But I won’t wait around for you.’
‘You don’t sound like it,’ Dean said doubtfully.
‘He’ll keep.’ Gabriel leaned forward and stood on the balls of his feet. ‘But first, I want a good night kiss.’
Sam ducked his head, feeling his face heat up. ‘Bondage. Look, just…stay with this one for now. I’m guessing this is about Castiel, so…just stick with the gay porn. It’ll be easier,’ he said as he clicked on a picture of two men kissing. ‘Just stay on this page. Click on the picture, watch the video, then click this arrow up here…’
'Yeah, and so do humans. Are we gonna start hunting murderers now, too?'
'Great,' Dean muttered as he kicked at a loose board.
my fault!’
Dean looked back at Castiel. ‘Yeah.’
‘If you ask Dean, then yes,’ Sam said, rolling his eyes. ‘His file’s turning into a photo album of him and Cas. He’s…taken up scrapbooking.’
‘Um… How long do you think you’ll be?’
‘It can’t be
‘Yeah. Me, too.’ Sam leaned down and gave Gabriel a quick kiss.
Dean breathed heavily as Castiel worked to undo his belt and jeans.  He tilted his hips up and moaned at the sensation of his jeans and boxers being pulled around his knees. Nothing happened next, and he looked to find Castiel staring at the large scar on his leg. He sagged as Castiel’s head tilted while staring. He was back in familiar territory. The smaller scar near the end of his tail was bad enough, but it was the one that now held Castiel’s attention that warded off potential mates. They would stare for a while then find a way to avoid touching it, as if it were contagious.
‘I think you look amazing,’ Castiel whispered.
Dean left for his bedroom, not saying a word. Castiel set the plate down and pulled his sleeve over his bare wrist. He followed Dean, but the door was shut in his face. He huffed and looked up and down the hallway. Keeping his wrist covered, he made his way to Sam’s room and hid.
Bobby nodded in agreement, sticking his fingers in his ears and back out. ‘It’s annoying, and it
‘Your ex seemed to like finding out,’ Dean said hesitantly. ‘Do you really think everyone else is going to care that much?’
,’ Sam said with a reluctant squeak. ‘
‘Alright, so Sam and Dean are related to the Campbell family,’ Bobby said as he came closer. ‘I’ll buy that. But what I don’t get is how an angel and a demon got together.’ He gave the demon in question a hard stare. He had never met an angel that didn’t have a bad reaction to a demon.
Castiel moved his arm to pet Muffin and received a warning growl. He stopped and sighed as he waited for Muffin to finish grooming him. He was certain there was a scar on the top of his head from the first and only time he had tried to cut his bath time short.
‘You’ll have to be in a devil’s trap of course,’ she added.
Sam squeaked out his brother’s name in an irritated tone.
Sam beamed at Gabriel. ‘Exactly! Devil’s traps use a demon’s power to keep them in place, so when Dean added one to Cas’s cuff, it was able to utilize both sides!’
Meg was the last through, and the door snapped shut behind her.
'What do you want, Cas?' Dean asked when Castiel appeared beside him.
Gabriel ignored Dean and snapped his fingers.
Castiel took the bag and gave it a gentle squeeze. His nose wrinkled in disgust at the brownish green goo that was inside the small bag. ‘What’s in it?’ he asked, turning the bag this way and that.
Castiel shook his head and dropped his hands from Dean. ‘Not really, no,’ he admitted.
‘I don’t think this is a good idea,’ Sam said.
‘Hey! I’m right here,’ Balthazar said, giving Charlie a dirty look.
‘Your pet is asking to have his picture taken,’ Azazel replied.
Crowley reached back into his coat and pulled out a familiar looking Colt. He eyed Dean before handing it over. Dean grasped the gun, but Crowley held on keeping Dean’s eye. ‘You have six bullets. Make. Them. Count.’
After a moment of silence, Castiel shifted his gaze to the floor. ‘So…you agree with them,’ he said quietly.
‘It’s useful. Look, the next one has the backstory for everything,’ Dean explained. ‘Besides, it’s…it’s…’ Dean trailed off, waving his hand in the air.
‘She went a
‘Uh…we found the shark,’ Sam said with a shrug. ‘And it didn’t go well. Dad died saving Dean, and Dean…he got bit. His fins are…pretty messed up.’
Dean smirked and motioned for Castiel to come closer. ‘Distracting is good.’
He looked down the short flight of steps to the small room and grimaced. He promised himself that when he got back, the Novak brothers were going to be banned from stocking and organizing
Sam pinched the bridge of his nose when it became clear that no one else was going to explain. ‘Cas can smite things and he…doesn’t need any recovery time,’ he said.
liked Trixie. There had been pinching and kissing. Dean had been vague, at best. Apparently, Trixie had been dragged away by the bouncer before they got too involved. ‘Uh…what happened?’
Crowley thinned his lips and gave a small shrug. ‘Honestly? It only includes Gabriel.’
Just as his blind panic was beginning to lift, he felt the boat slow to a stop. Dread gripped his stomach, and he waited silently, listening for Sam to leave. Would he swim away? He was lucky Sam had actually brought them back to the hotel. At least, he hoped it was the hotel and not the other side of the island. Then again, the walk would probably do him some good.
Anna returned Meg’s glare and brought the case to Crowley. She held it as he opened it and pulled out a gun.
‘Getting away from conflict?’
Gabriel’s eyes widened in shock. ‘He… Cas and…
‘I hate everything…’
‘Do you…do you think Balthazar would be willing to be bound? Just for a few minutes,’ Sam asked.
bone structure?!’ Crowley laughed.
issue, isn’t it?’
,’ Castiel said with distaste. ‘I…’ He sighed uncomfortably. ‘I have seen enough videos to fully understand the concept.’
Anna gave him a doubtful stare. ‘Are you experiencing trouble with the binding cuff?’ she asked.
be attacked on all sides by demon
Castiel bit his lip as he stared at the back of Gabriel’s head. The show’s demise would be his out. He would be able to get back to his life. Back to…what? There wasn’t anything. No job. Barely any friends. An empty fish tank. All he had was his cat and Dean. The anxiousness he felt eased away for a moment. That was all he
brother?’ Gabriel countered, pulling up to his full height, which, when compared to Dean, wasn’t very much.
‘I’m sure Dean would love that,’ Sam muttered. ‘But, no. I kinda wanna keep an eye on him for at least
‘Yes, wonderful. You ruined the surprise,’ Crowley said, his voice becoming louder as he regained control of the phone.
With a wave of his hand, Castiel lowered the flames. He stepped into the room, and Seraphiel struggled to stand. He watched sadly as Seraphiel scurried away and huddled against the wall. He approached the vessel and knelt down, giving it all his attention as he placed his hand on it. He looked up when he heard the soft click of claws on the floor. He smiled reassuringly at Seraphiel’s curious look.
‘Why?’ Lucifer asked in confusion.
Dean and Charlie darted through the water, egging each other on with clicks and whistles. Dean led the way through the lagoon, keeping to deeper water and steering clear of boats. They reached the ocean and quickly surfaced for air before ducking back under.
‘Not so fast! You can mope after we’re done here.’ Gabriel unpaused the video, grinning and bouncing in his seat. ‘This is after you calmed down with another drink.’
‘What?’ Dean glanced up and frowned at Castiel. He reran what he had said through his head, but wasn’t able to find anything wrong with it. He shrugged it off as Castiel shook his head. He figured that if he ever said anything
‘Smile, Gabe,’ Anna instructed. ‘Maybe shift your weight. Hands on hips. It’ll go with what you did to your hair.’
‘Of course you do,’ Dean muttered. ‘I still need to get…’ He trailed off as Castiel handed him an unlabeled disk. He growled as he snatched it away. ‘Stop doing my job for me!’
‘Oh!’ Castiel said in realization. ‘I never saw you perform. There was no need.’
'So, now what?' Sam asked.
Dean twisted as Castiel pulled at his clothes. He tried not to break the kiss as the young angel attempted to push his shirt over his head. He broke away long enough to pull his t-shirt off and toss it into a corner. He stared at Castiel and was rewarded with a sharp pulse of need. He smirked as Castiel’s wings splayed out, showing off every feather. He reached up, lacing his fingers through Castiel’s hair, and pulled him down for another kiss.
Gabriel groaned and dropped his head onto the table. ‘He’s definitely gonna kill me… And hide the body.’ He looked up and stared miserably at everyone around the table. ‘If I die from a
Dean glanced at the angels, and his gaze rested on Castiel. ‘Any preferences, Cas?’
‘C’mon, Dad! We can hole up here,’ Gabriel pleaded. ‘Get a few of your more trusted minions to play guard… We’ll lay low.’
‘But I already put on some Neosporin,’ Castiel argued as Dean took the bag back. He chewed on his lip as Dean climbed onto the bed and settle behind him.
‘Oh… Okay.’
Dean blinked slowly as he stared at Jimmy. ‘You’re ver’ pretty.’ His smile widened as Jimmy pulled at his tied. ‘Wouldn’t mind kissin’ you again.’
‘I mean, it looks nice, but I can’t read it,’ Dean explained. ‘Is it a different language?’
‘Why is everyone standing out here?’ Karen asked as she came into the entryway, followed by Bobby and Balthazar.
He shifted his attention from Karen to the table. All eyes were focused on him, and he shied away.
Castiel managed to extract himself from Gabriel’s hold, and he stared at his brother in disbelief. ‘I…I thought you were in Scotland?!’ he stuttered. ‘Why are you here?!’
‘Gabriel’s good enough,’ Gabriel replied as he took the sucker from his mouth. ‘You haven’t earned TV privileges yet, so lie down.’ He looked up at Sam, grinning. ‘I get that a lot.’
‘Cas, what’s wrong?’ Balthazar asked, reaching across the table and placing his hand on Castiel’s.
Dean shrugged. ‘I got a lot of energy to burn right now.’ He looked at Bobby in worry. ‘I just need you to call Sam tomorrow morning. Tell him you found something big. Anything. Just give us an excuse to be here.’
Through his contacts, he heard the whispers. Events were lining up. The right bloodlines were being brought together. Any generation now, two brothers would be born. The mixed bloodlines that would allow Michael and Lucifer’s true vessels to form and continue through the generations, making them ready for when the apocalypse came.
Castiel nodded his head and set his gear down with a sigh. He pulled out his camera and looked up at Benny as they left the atoll. ‘I have a question for you,’ he said, breaking the silence.
‘Y-yes,’ Castiel ground out against his will.
Dean stood and picked up a light, plaid shirt from the bag of clothes that Benny had gotten him. ‘Yep. Big uh…building. Hotel. Why do you guys live in such big places, anyway?’
Crowley shrugged. He didn’t want Bobby to know so much, but he needed the Hunter on his side. He leaned against the desk, deciding how much he should reveal. ‘I understand the
? Okay, now I
‘And what would that be?’
Gabriel’s grin widened. ‘See? Cas is in!’
Castiel shook his head.
friendly.’
Castiel glanced at Balthazar in confusion. ‘After I…what? Oh… Oh! No! I didn’t
‘You didn’t. Not entirely,’ Gabriel pointed out with a smile.
An hour had passed before Gabriel finally stirred. Sam looked up as Gabriel groaned and rolled over. In an instant, Gabriel shot up, frantically patting himself. He patted his legs then pulled his right pant leg over his knee, making a panicked whine. ‘No… Where is it?!’
got to it first. I could have uploaded that in an instant. Some of the guys I work with woulda been more than happy to upload that. Uriel especially.’
.-.-.-.-.
‘Know about what?’ Castiel asking, looking up at Dean.
‘Well, your phone’s ringing,’ Dean said. ‘It’s been going off for about a half hour now.’
He came to the conclusion that he was screwed no matter what, so he may as well enjoy the ride while it lasted. If, by some miracle, something worked out in his favor, then he’d grasp it and never let go.
‘Why?’
‘Shut up, Dean.’
Castiel frowned and tilted his head, quickly translating the older Enochian dialect. ‘How are you feeling?’
, was something up! I found you stroking yourself off, and you know what you cried out when you came? Gabriel!!' He moaned his name and swooned against the wall. 'It was hot.'
They swam to the shore and lounged with their tails still in the water. Charlie busied herself with applying sunblock while Castiel measured her fins.
Dean desperately wanted things to go back to the way they were. Just hunt and kill and keep Sam out of trouble. He wanted to pretend nothing happened. That nothing
‘And how do you suggest we tell Michael about Castiel?’ Karen asked.
‘What? I don’t know! I don’t even know how old
‘Yes,’ Gabriel ground out. He flapped his wings and turned from Sam, crossing his arms. ‘But I don’t want you to do it!’
specimen—’
Castiel sighed, partly from his inability to be in a conversation, much less control it, and partly from the food on his plate. The last time he had eaten anything resembling a burger, Gabriel had managed to burn down half the kitchen. And the burger had tasted awful. He picked up the cheeseburger anyway, not wanting to be impolite, and took a small bite.
Castiel stared at Dean, sadly. ‘Dean…y-yes.’ He clapped his hand over his mouth. He hadn’t meant to say that. He felt Dean’s relief and triumph flood over him. He stared at the cuff in astonishment. ‘How…how did you…?’
Sam flipped the pages back and forth, frowning. 'Um, I think he's an angel...'
Gabriel giggled as he focused on Sam. ‘Would you look at those legs?’ he muttered. ‘No, no, don’t stand up! Yes! Turn around! Fuck, look at that chest… Do you think he swims? Can I get him to go swimming with me?’
do that? I’m obviously not welcome, so I’m doing my best to rectify the situation.’
Castiel slowly met Dean’s gaze. ‘Are…are you sure?’
The part of Michael will be played by an older Adam.
‘Woah! Tattoo!’ Charlie exclaimed as Castiel crawled to his knees. ‘Didn’t see that the other night…’
Dean surged forward and ran his tongue between Castiel’s wings, giving his answer.
‘But… It’s gone,’ Dean said. ‘We killed it, remember? There’s nothing to be afraid of.’
‘As he said,’ Castiel replied, dropping the dart gun on to Gabriel’s body, ‘third time’s a charm.’
Dean let out an annoyed huff. He just got his angel, only to lose him to brotherly chitchats. 'Fine. Go primp your wings or whatever.'
‘When we were fooling around earlier…you uh… Your eyes started glowing,’ Dean explained.
'Sure, sure,' Dean stepped aside and allowed the angel to enter the house. 'Just...wait one minute.' His binding cuff was stuffed in his jacket pocket. In the other room.
Gabriel rounded on Castiel. 'Gimme your phone,' he demanded.
.-.-.-.-.
Balthazar leaned back in his chair and chewed his lip in contemplation. Given the new information he had about his ex… ‘Is it bondage related?’
‘Like what?’ Balthazar asked as he reached for his drink.
Castiel frowned as the name rang through his head. He knew a few Kismets when he and Crowley had hung around Lucifer and Michael. ‘Kismet? Does she have two sisters?’
‘Castiel, I want you to be my mate,’ Dean translated. ‘I want us to spend the rest of lives together.’
Castiel gave a small smile in return. 'That was about all he said on the subject,' he replied. 'I...like hearing it from you, though.'
. He knew he should have straightened up while he was hiding. He wished he could hotwire a boat the same way he could pick a lock. He sighed and set himself to the task of finding the boat keys.
‘Well, it was pretty surprisin’… Ash here came out of his room around lunchtime and just…set the cuff on the bar. Said he needed a new one.’ Jo shrugged as Ash nodded along. ‘We have no idea what’s goin’ on. Hunters have been showin’ up all day since it happened, and, well… Everyone’s real confused. Some are real scared.’
I was doing!’ Castiel followed Gabriel as his brother jumped off the bed and headed toward the other.
Gabriel gripped the edge of the bed tightly. Sam’s voice was amazing on its own, but hearing Sam say his name was better than he had thought it would be. As much as he wanted Sam to throw him over the hospital bed and have his wicked way with him, Gabriel knew his chances were nonexistent. Sam didn’t remember the first time they had actually met. Castiel may have had a chance with Dean, but those two had mutual attraction going on. Dean and Castiel had history. Him and Sam? Maybe Sam thought he was attractive, but… He had punched him and pointed a gun at him! That was no way to start a relationship. Normal people didn’t do that. He knew that much from watching TV shows and movies.
Crowley rolled his eyes and approached the plunge pool. The closer he got, the louder Dean’s clicks became. ‘Shut it, you,’ Crowley snapped. ‘And might I suggest toning down the display before that speedboat goes by?’
‘What things?’
Dean could have sworn his heart stopped. Ms. Skrims was a lot smarter than he gave her credit for. Then again, she was a drug lord that had evaded the law for well over half her life.
'Right over your head.'
Setting his beer on the coffee table, Castiel  got up and made his way to his way to his bed. He picked up his laptop from the center of the bed and booted it up as he made his way back. He placed the laptop onto the coffee table and began pulling up images of the cartoon character.
Warning for the beginnings of some self-harm/torture and gore
Gabriel shifted his gaze to stare his brother in suspicion. ‘Cas? Is there anything else you wanna tell me?’ he asked.
Gabriel eyed Sam in suspicion. ‘Yes. Thank you.’
‘Nowhere near as many as you,’ Sam replied with a slight laugh.
He let out a shaky sigh as he shut the door and leaned against it. Looking around the room, he caught sight of Sam’s clothes neatly folded at the foot of the bed. He took a few steps toward the bathroom and froze in his tracks at the sound of water splashing and the squeak of skin rubbing against the bottom of a tub. He could just make out the edge of a yellow and blue fin through the bathroom doorway.
‘Pity… A sex-spy woulda made an awesome boyfriend.’
‘Sex, Castiel.’
As he thought about it, the anxiety he had been feeling since he and Castiel left the cave had all but vanished when he and Sam had left the motel in search of food. And he was feeling it right at that moment. He wasn’t actually anxious or nervous. He could see that now. The only thing he could compare it to was food. His own thoughts and feelings were like food he was currently tasting, flooding his senses, and Castiel’s were like a fresh pie sitting on the counter. Something that overwhelmed his sense of smell and he could just barely taste through scent alone.
Castiel glared at Dean. ‘You… Fuck you! Fuck both of you! I can’t believe I fell for this! I’m smarter than this!’ he shouted. He grabbed his hair as he shook his head. ‘Seriously? A mermaid?! You could have gotten away with a sea serpent, but a
Dean eagerly nodded and looked to Sam. ‘
? Why are his wings
Castiel sucked in a breath. He wasn’t expecting that. ‘I…don’t want to leave…,’ he quietly replied.
Tang,’ Sam replied. ‘Closest thing we have to Kool-Aid. Thought you might like it.’
Sam looked up in shock as shouting filled the lobby.
? Why us? What makes
Dean shrugged and tapped his fingers on the wood of the pier. ‘Yeah, you caught me… Just out havin’ some fun and uh…had to hide when you showed up.’
,’ Castiel helpfully added through a yawn.
Karen smirked as she set the photograph down. ‘You, too. If you stared any harder, you would have burned a hole through his pants,’ she said.
‘And how’s that bad? You’re fun when you’re drunk. Well, the first time you were. The second time… I dunno. You were flirty, but kinda manipulative,’ Dean said.
Castiel stiffened in Dean’s arms and the lights flickered. He cried out Dean’s name as he came.
There was a splash followed by a loud thump, and the boat rocked as something large hit the deck.
When Castiel returned that evening, Sam was completely unprepared for the calm rudeness that Castiel displayed. Even Gabriel had been completely thrown off by his brother’s behavior. It was so bad that Gabriel had to bodily drag Castiel into his room to berate him.
It took a while, but, with Sam’s help, Dean finally managed to get the angels up and into the back of the Impala. It was slow going, but at least there was very little complaint or argument.
Gabriel laughed. 'Yeah, I remember hearing shouting through the door. Didn't he threaten to wring your scrawny little neck if you ever got cuffed?' he asked with a smirk.
you are. I mean, why you? Why were you sent to drag my sorry ass outta Hell?'
Dean tried to steady himself. He probably should have practiced a little more before getting off the boat. Especially since he was aiming to impress Castiel. He took a careful step forward and lost his balance. ‘Dammit!’
Castiel hunched over and wheezed. He squinted up at Anna as he held his stomach. ‘W-what about…going slow?’
‘I know.’ Gabriel reached up and pulled Sam down, placing a soft kiss on his lips. ‘And as far as Hunters go, you’re not so bad.’
Castiel stopped a few feet in front of Sam and crossed his arms over his chest, glaring up at him. ‘However you decided to break the news, you did it in the
‘But… I thought… I thought it wasn’t working right?!’ Gabriel looked between Dean and Castiel.
Dean sat up and gave Gabriel a confused frown. ‘What’s a
‘No, I’ll be cornered!’ Castiel replied. ‘That’s why the panic room won’t work. He’ll have me cornered, and he’ll start interrogating me again!’
‘Slice and dice, huh?’ Balthazar commented. ‘Remind me not to get on your bad side.’
Sam raised his eyes to the ceiling as he flicked on the light in the bathroom. ‘Exactly, but I’m gonna explain urinals and lifting the seat. And putting the seat back down.’
Bobby frowned as Sam nodded in agreement. ‘Guess that makes sense. Comin’ from a smaller town, everyone thought we were crazy when me and Karen left for Bora Bora.’ He stretched his back, pulling a few cracks from it. ‘I’ll leave you two to get reacquainted,’ he said as he headed toward the hallway with the rooms.
my dad.’ He crossed his arms and gave Michael a challenging stare.
Sam picked up a bratwurst while keeping one elbow propped on the table. ‘Well, I’ve just been assigned to be Jo’s backup until Dean’s fully recovered,’ he replied. He took a bite and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand.
Castiel ignored Gabriel as he hefted up the manikin’s torso. He opened the door and stared.
‘Tonight…no cuff, no bond…just you and me.’ Dean laughed as Castiel threw himself forward and they fell to the floor. ‘So, I guess this means you’re a demon in the sack!’
‘Sounds like you had fun,’ Sam commented.
‘Yours.’ Dean sat back and watched as Castiel’s hand leisurely stroked up and down.
Leaning back against Dean’s chest, Castiel rubbed his arm in embarrassment. ‘Relationships don’t really work out very well for me,’ he admitted. ‘My er…  In college, you could say that I had a revolving door.’
‘Thought you were gonna help edit. Pick out some underwater shots,’ Balthazar explained. ‘You could have just said you wanted to ditch to play with your new boytoy.’
Gabriel stood in front of a small waterfall. In front of him was the rest of the small film crew, sans Castiel. Whereas he was wearing jeans and a dark, button-up shirt with the sleeves rolled up, everyone else wore shorts and t-shirts. On Balthazar’s shoulder rested a large camera. He sighed to himself as he adjusted the focus and watched Gabriel check his reflection in a handheld mirror. To his right stood Charlie, holding up a boom mic. Samandriel and Anna were kneeling near Balthazar’s other side; Anna was propping up a white piece of board and yawning while Samandriel reviewed his journal, a clapper resting against his ankle.
You’re still… Oh, my God! What is
'Beautiful,' she said softly and reached up to cup Dean's cheek. 'Thank you, Seraphiel.' She leaned up and placed a kiss on his lips before leaving him alone and confused on the doorstep.
Bobby ran his hand along the edge of the door where the hinges had once been. ‘He…he turned the door around?’ Bobby sighed in irritation and pushed at the door, but it still wouldn’t budge.
Castiel blushed lightly. ‘So I guess I earned my pizza?’ he joked.
‘Where was it? I was to the south when I snapped my picture of the purple one,’ Gabriel said. His grip on the railing had eased with his excitement.
With one last look to his brother, Castiel cautiously stood and made his way to Dean. 'Um, if I am to be living here, it may be best for you to show me around.'
‘If I asked you to dance on the table like a chicken, would you have to do it?’
He tuned back in beyond simply playing his part when Anna kissed him. That wasn’t part of the script. He blinked in surprise at her soft smile. He glanced at Castiel, who had looked away, and gleaned nothing from his Grace.
don’t?!’
‘Well, at least the view’s good,’ he said, cocking his head to the side. He held his hand out to where he assumed Castiel was. ‘Gimme the binoculars.’
'House salad for tall and gorgeous,' she said with a wink as she began setting down plates. 'French toast for Goldy, and bacon cheeseburgers for pretty green eyes and Little Blackie. You boys enjoy and holler if you need anythin'.'
