Pulling his phone out of his pocket Sherlock fires off a series of texts, then looks up at the Detective Inspector, “She’s on her way. Greg, I’m going to need access to her computer.” At a gentle judge from John, Sherlock turned to the middle-aged woman. He bowed politely before adding, “If that’s alright with you, Mrs. Kato.”
“You mean…” Sherlock whispered, eyes blinking rapidly as he tried to register the whole meaning of John’s words.
"Elvio, would it be possible to get some cuffs on the wall?" Sherlock asked, oblivious to John's unease as he continued to inspect the space. The wall was already covered in brackets and screw holes, indicating that equipment had come and gone with ease, and altering it now would take little to no time.
Opening the top drawer of the nightstand, he placed it just inside, next to the lube, then turned back to his submissive. “Now, for your new collar.”
His chest ached, and his voice was rough from the tears he hadn't cried. He had to blink away the tears every time he looked at Rosie, not wanting her to feel the sadness that surrounded the flat. She'd only known Mrs Hudson for a couple of years, but to Rosie, she had been a grandmother. The mother John no longer had, there within arms reach for his daughter day in and day out.
“Yes, with the proper licenses,” Zed called out over the sound of the wind. “They did it by the books, plus they’re smart. They have two businesses back to back. A pub for the general public, then if you know the right code word, you can enter into the club itself through the pub. There’s an unspoken rule where you don’t talk about what goes on in the club. No complaints mean everyone stays happy.”
Emotion threatened to overwhelm him as he read the tags once more. Sherlock could read the history of the man who had once worn them in those seemingly simple discs. They whispered stories to him of another man in another lifetime. In his mind’s eye, he could see John on the battlefield. Feet planted wide for balance, one foot slightly in front of the other while his eyes surveyed the chaos around him, searching for anyone who might be in aid of his medical expertise. It wouldn’t be his job to retrieve, but of course, he would because that’s what John did. He put himself in harm's way to protect others.
“Yes, I said this is about your pleasure. But you need to understand one thing, Submissive.” John’s fingers gripped Sherlock’s chin, tilting Sherlock’s hooded face towards his. “If I’ve given you an order, I expect it to be followed by a
Sherlock theorized, trying to match a mental image to the sounds. Back in the bedroom, just out of reach of the bed, John tutted disapprovingly. Sherlock’s mind raced, trying to piece together what he’d done wrong.
are involved in the investigation. If you would be so kind to direct us to her personal effects. The things she left behind, that would
“Yeah sure,” John said. He missed three taxies while texting Sherlock the information.  As a fourth cab drives away he let out a frustrated groan and looked to Sherlock, about to demand
“Better,” John said, his voice inches from Sherlock’s neck. “This way,” he said cheerily, walking out of the bedroom, steady strides carrying him down the hall.
“Oh god. Yes!” John hissed, lifting his head and pushing against Sherlock’s mouth with earnest desire, “deeper, come on, I can take it.” To prove his point, John pivoted his hips, pushing hard against Sherlock’s finger. The result was spectacular, Sherlock’s long finger seated inside him as deep as it could go. He could feel Sherlock’s other digits twitching against his arse, could hear the sharp intake of breath as Sherlock registered what had just happened.
“John, Sherlock, this is Paige Bevan. She runs Night Goddess,” Zed said, interrupting Sherlock’s appraisal. Zed gets up and steps between Paige and Sherlock, reaching his hand out to squeeze her bicep.
John regarded his friend with unabashed curiosity. His once jet black hair now had more white in it, creating a salt and pepper look. He was still fit, a burly man who'd always taken pride in his physique, so it didn't surprise John to see him in good nick. Once a stern and serious expression used to dominate his features, now a broad and genuine smile graced his face. John smiled approvingly at the change.
“Something like that.” Sherlock nodded, then nuzzled his nose against John’s cheek. “But this topic is far too dark and upsetting for a morning like this. I would much rather spend this weekend doing something enjoyable.”
With a plan in motion, and Bondage Tour made as secure as physically possible John felt they were well on their way to stopping Moriarty. Mycroft had been silent, which was expected. But Sherlock did the exact opposite from what Mycroft had warned John about.
“Small age gap,” Sherlock remarked, though he understood that not every family went seven years between children.
At a hand single from zed, the collared man stepped forward and began a countdown. Sherlock didn’t need to ask what was expected of him. Sherlock lifted his hips up off the chair at the end of the countdown and watched as the rope began to tighten. He could hear John moving behind him, felt the brush of knuckles along his neck as John secured the rope to the chair. The tension was enough that if Sherlock were to slip, he wouldn’t fall off the chair. But not enough that it would prevent him from sitting down again.
“Yeah, as soon as he’s safe I’ll call,” John promised, reaching out he took Zed’s hand in a firm shake then slipped back into the car, Lestrade falling in beside him. John reached for a hard plastic case by his feet and pulled it up onto the middle of the seat. Sliding the numbers on the combination lock he input his password and clicked the case open.
“Damn right I will,” John agreed before stepping away. He gave Sherlock one long appraising look, his eyes drifting up from feet to Sherlock’s head. With a cluck of his tongue and a shake of his head, he added, “But do you have to go dressed like
Shrugging out of his coat, suddenly too hot despite the lack of fire burning in the hearth, Sherlock pulled on his collar, the one he hadn’t had the courage to ask John to remove. He suddenly felt claustrophobic, the reminder of John's claim on him felt like an iron grip around his neck, while the leather band on his wrist felt like brimstone.
“How big?” Sherlock demanded as he repeated the process of pulling almost outy out before slamming back in until his groin was flush with John’s arse.
“You’re slipping, old man,” John ribbed, moving around behind the chair, guiding Sherlock’s right arm into the proper place. “I like this on you,” John whispered as he slipped the leather bracelet higher up Sherlock’s arm, making room for the rope. Sherlock watched, breath coming in short gasps as John wound the rope around his wrist and the back of the chair.
Chinatown, as always, was a bustling hub of activity when Greg’s car came to a stop. They parked in front of a shop, the kind of touristy trap shop that sells nothing of actual use. Sherlock can tell by the way John’s body has gone tense that it reminds him of the smuggling ring they’d broken up not that long ago. He knows that John still harbors a small amount of guilt over Soo Lin’s death, and he can’t imagine it’s easy being back here so soon. Leaning back into the car, he softened his voice and called John’s name to get his attention.
Though the man looked a bit shell shocked, he picketed the money and returned to the back of the car for their second case. Heavier than the first, he nearly dropped the bag, but Sherlock hurried up to catch it.
“Exactly. They were a clique, did everything together except leave. Oh, they’d exit the building together, but each of them took their own taxi home. I grew friendly with them and eventually learned that they were a group of internet friends. As you said, they were curious about the lifestyle, enough that they’d all bought collars, but unsure if they wanted to give up control.”
“Right, let me call Lestrade then. Sherlock isn’t answering.” John said, dialing the D.I.’s number and pressing the phone to his ear as he slipped back in the vintage sports car.
“Looks perfect on you, that colour against your skin… Mm, plus it makes the hints of auburn in your hair really pop. Now, just one final thing.” He said, while reaching back into the box.
on John’s old army tags. Silicone silencers kept the two discs from kindling together, which was probably why Sherlock hadn’t heard them in John’s pocket. The thought of John placing the chain around his neck filled him with a level of excitement he didn’t fully understand.
“How long, Sir,” Sherlock asked, ignoring the sinking feeling that settled deep within his chest. This wasn’t just a game of sexual denial. John was telling him point blank that he wasn’t allowed to seek out soft touches, or cuddles in the night. He knew this wouldn’t be easy for John, that John would miss those touches just as much as he did. Somehow knowing that his actions had not only made his life less enjoyable, but John’s as well, was worse than the act of being punished.
“What is?” John grunted then spluttered when droplets of water hit his face as he removed part of the plumbing.
Sherlock opened his eyes to find John, dressed in one of his silk dressing gowns hovering over him. Disoriented, he blinked and scrubbed a hand over his face. When his eyes finally met John’s his lover’s face relaxed, some of the panic in his eyes fading when he realized Sherlock was awake.
“He’s everything the papers make him out to be then?” Zed’s curiosity was plain but John wasn’t in the mood to elaborate.
While Sherlock obeyed, John again slid behind him, attaching the final spreader bar to the cuffs on Sherlock’s ankles. He said nothing for a long time, though Sherlock could hear his soft breathing just to his right. Sherlock’s ears tracked John’s movements around the room. He listened to the bathroom door open, then close, and the sound of clothing rustling.
She was the heart of their universe—the voice of reason when Baker Street was full of bickering. The soft knock in the middle of the night when Rosie was teething, offering whiskey to help soothe her gums. To John, she was more vital to them than the Queen was to England.
“Tea?” he asked while selecting a clean mug. Unsurprisingly Sherlock shook his head, but he surprised John by gathering up one of his notebooks and a biro before heading into the next room. He handed them both over to John when the doctor settled onto the sofa beside him.
“Right, sorry.” However, the smirk on Sherlock’s face made it obvious to John that he was anything but sorry.
“Hers, though I’m a concerned party.” Zed started to say, but he was cut off by a sharp trill echoing up the stairs.
“Sex makes me hungry,” Sherlock shrugged, his voice a low growl that matched the rumbling in his stomach.
Flashing Sherlock a smile, John dropped the towel to the floor and nodded. Sherlock lingered in the chair for a moment longer, admiring John’s physique. But with a gentle nod at the kitchen from John, Sherlock was on his feet and gliding out of the room in a flurry of blue silk.
"That’s what partners do," John said softly while nosing his way across Sherlock's jaw. Reaching Sherlock’s ear, he took Sherlock’s earlobe between his teeth and gently bit down. Not enough to hurt, or to leave an indentation in his skin, but
"Mister Hicks," Sherlock snarled, pushing past Greg and stepping into the pudgy man's personal space. “The woman you are speaking so poorly of is considered murdered or kidnapped. While it is obvious all you cared about was her money, I highly suggest you shut your mouth before this fine police officer here,” he motioned to Greg, “comes to the conclusion that
“Yeah, ‘course I would,” John said, already pulling his mobile out of his pocket. Searching through his contacts, he pulled up Zed’s number and smiled down at Sherlock as it began to ring. “Just stay in touch, and let me know where you are.”
"Can we go home? I don't feel good." Sherlock asked as he slumped forward, placing his head on John's shoulder and nearly knocking him off balance.
“Oh, by the way,” John added sternly as he closed the bathroom door behind him, “that was strike one. Two left.”
“Still misquoting cheesy movies, I see, John,” Zed said around a smile, so vast John wondered if Zed was at risk of swallowing a bug.
“Yeah, but that’s not why we’re here,” John said, getting back to the point and shooting Zed a look of friendly annoyance. “We’re investigating a series of disappearances from the Night Goddess on behalf of Mistress Bevan. Two of her regulars, young subs that came for a few drinks and care-free dances, have simply stopped attending. Sherlock needs more data, and I thought it might be helpful if Zed and I reached out to other clubs. To see if this is just an isolated incident or more widespread. Have you noticed any if your regulars simply just stopped coming back?”
“I think you’ll find my request for secrecy to be well founded, but allow me to explain. And listen well, we might not have a chance to speak again before your assistance is required.”
John’s head snapped up, considering the possibility that Sherlock was here for his own genuine pleasure.
“Yeah,” John said and nodded briskly. “Thank you; we’d never have gotten together if you hadn’t called us idiots and told us just to kiss already.”
“Alright,” John agreed while he pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s forehead. “Do you need to do anything… to be more comfortable?”
Still feeling as if he were on cloud nine from the morning’s activities, John descended the stairs with a spring in his step. His good mood was not dampened by the drizzle that hit his face when he opened the door. Instead, John simply leaned back inside the building, snagged an umbrella from the stand, and hurried on his way.
“My job is to teach men that ‘mansplaining’ is not sexy,” She says, chastising Zed with a smoldering look. Zed lowered his eyes to the floor and blew a hard breath out through pursed lips.
“I’ve never had to push myself with you, or felt I wash being pushed too far,” Sherlock said, stopping in his tracks to turn and face John. “So stop fretting, and show me the Dom I know you can be,
“I couldn’t go back, not now. I’ve seen you, Sherlock. Witnessed the way your body reacts to my touch. I’ve heard your moans and tasted your lips. There is no going back from that. Not now, not ever.”
“Your brother? Are we suddenly expecting him?” John didn’t bother smoothing out the edge of annoyance in his voice. Mycroft Holmes never visited for pleasure. He only visited when he wanted something, usually at Sherlock's expense. His visits usually sent Sherlock into a black mood, making life in the flat unbearable for both of them.
A squeal of laughter from their left made them both look up. Immune to the tears her parents were shedding, Rosie was chasing not one but two butterflies through the lush green grass. Sniffling, John dried his eyes on the back of his sleeve and forced a small smile.
The door was hardly shut before John had his arms around Sherlock. He pulled Sherlock into a tight embrace, holding his head close with a firm hand.
After shaking off his umbrella, John slid into the back seat and found himself sitting beside Mycroft Holmes. Aside from the driver, they were alone in the car, which instantly made John clench his teeth.
“I don’t enjoy keeping things from him.” John said with a tinge of warning to his voice, “But, depending on what you have to say, I’ll think about it.”
Sherlock thought, his tongue seeking out John’s mouth on its own volition. Warm fingers wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer until their lips were pressed so firmly together that Sherlock was unable to move his lips. Instead, he poured all of his feelings and passion into his tongue. John’s tongue slid against his, and their tongues began a dance of their own. The muscles twitched and shivered against each other. Once John’s tongue darted into his mouth and grazed over the roof before returning to finish their dance.
Zed was by her side in an instant, releasing the rope from the back of her chair and helping her lower herself back into the chair as the excited murmur turned into a round of applause. John took his time mounting the platform, showing that his submissive was still able to endure more, should it be asked of him.
“There’s a good man,” John whispered. He lowered his hand from Sherlock’s face and gently tapped Sherlock’s hip. “Stand up a mo, and we’ll get you into some pyjamas then into bed properly, you’re shivering”
"A little bit, sweetheart," John admitted. He and Sherlock had promised each other that they would never lie to Rosie. Not even the little white lies to keep her safe. It had been difficult once she'd started walking and talking, but she was a smarter child for it. And neither of them regretted their promise. "It's really hard to say goodbye to someone you loved."
"Without meeting the girls first, I can think of three other reasons why they might cut communications. Except, we know from Mrs. Kato's worry that Moon Young isn't simply avoiding friends." Sherlock sighed and brushed a hand through his hair. "Hurry up and get me to Lilianne's flat. Please."
Alarm bells rang throughout John’s head. He pushed himself up onto his elbow and swallowed the bile down as Sherlock’s words hit home. Inwardly he kicked himself for not bothering to ask if Sherlock had any past trauma.
“This should be fun,” John commented, tapping out a reply, then tilted the phone towards Sherlock, getting his approval before hitting send.
“Are you certain you can handle me?” He asked, his voice smoldering with need and the desire to hear John cry out his name in ecstasy.  “I intend to bring you to your knees with my efforts.”
“What did you just give me?” He demanded, his eyes drifting from the man to his right shoulder where a syringe was still stuck in his skin.
“Your throne for the evening, my love,” John said in an undertone so only Sherlock could hear him. “For tonight, we’ll use Yellow for when things are becoming too much and Red if you need it to stop. Keep your eyes on me, my pet, and I’ll make your evening unforgettable.”
“Mm, but I needed you less anxious. And that,” Sherlock said as he pushed his door open, “did the trick. I -”
She sifts under Sherlock’s gaze uncomfortably, tucking a strand of graying auburn hair behind her ear. Eyes the colour of spring flash, then soften when Zed stands up and walks over.
“So deep,” John panted, his back arching as Sherlock’s hips crashed against his body. “Oh god, Sherlock,” John cried when Sherlock withdrew nearly his whole length, slamming back in and angling his thrust to brush against John’s prostate. “Fucking hell, do that again.
"Lestrade, stop looking at me like that. Please give the road the same level of attention you are giving me. I would prefer reaching our destination in one piece." Sherlock snapped as Lestrade swerved back to his side of the road. "If you have something to say, just say it."
For the next hour, they sat and listened while Mycroft relayed the events of the evening after they’d left to take Sherlock home. Twenty-six men and women had been recovered that night, along with thirty-nine men responsible for keeping them there. Out of that thirty-nine, twenty-eight still remained alive with four in serious condition. The man John had overpowered was the only man to walk out of that building without a bullet through him.
“As you might guess from Zed’s kind introduction, my club is geared towards female doms and male subs, though it is not exclusive. We allow all sorts in our club, but unlike Zed’s, we’re far less organized. Night Goddess is run similarly to the more common clubs in the city. We charge an entrance fee, and as long as people aren’t overtly blatant with their drug deals. We do have a backroom for more…” She waved a hand in the air and gave him a knowing look, “adult experiences. Clothing optional, if you understand my meaning.”
"Okay," Rosie was five. She didn't quite understand the finality behind John's words. But she nodded solemnly, her blue eyes dancing between her father's faces. And she asked the question John had been dreading to hear.  "Papa sad?"
“If you need to breathe, tap my leg.” He commanded, pulling Sherlock off his cock, “do you understand?”
John rocked the base of his empty bottle in a slow circle along the surface of the table as he pondered that sudden thought. What then, indeed? There was no denying the attraction or unspoken tension that crackled like electricity whenever they were close. But what would he do if Sherlock Holmes approached him as a submissive, completely rocking their dynamic of
“That can be arranged, Sherlock is bound to roll his eyes at me again in the future. It’s inevitable,” Laughing, John did up the zip on his trousers and winked at her. “On your feet Sherlock, you don’t get to suck my cock just yet.”
“My rules are simple,” Sherlock said coyly. “No rolling your eyes, no back talk, and every time you lick your lips I want you to get on your knees and offer to lick my cock.”
“We’re going through food faster now.” John had been standing in front of the fridge for two solid minutes, letting the cold air out while surveying the contents.
“Greg,” Sherlock used the Inspector’s first name, causing the man to look over at him in surprise. “John and I have laid out our likes and dislikes. I do
Their eyes locked across the table, he noticed the faint blush tinting Sherlock’s cheeks and saw his wide eyes for what they were. Nervousness.
“No one saw her leave,” Paige said, answering Sherlock’s last question first, “Only one out of the remaining seven seemed worried. Moon Young was not always active on the forum. No one has heard from her over the past week, though. Sam said it was odd because her birthday had been on Thursday, and Moon Young never wished her a happy birthday.”
Sherlock cocked a silver-blue eye at that. He wanted to ask for details. Had John been the Dom for more than one male in the past, or had that simply been something explored while away in a foreign country where rules and sexuality had softer edges. However, that was a question for another time, so he held his tongue.
“Can you? I can’t imagine you’ve spent a day outside in what, thirty years?” John mused, with no real heat behind his words. He was old enough to know that the world ran efficiently thanks to people being willing to work behind a desk and others out in the real world getting their hands dirty.
“Yeah,” he said while nodding. “He’d love that. He’s an exabitionalist. I made him orgasm in less than five minutes in an alley behind our flat. He came so hard I thought he was going to blackout for a minute there.”
“Plum, baby!” Zed says happily, sticking his hand over the side of the door and caressing the paint job. “Just had it done a few weeks ago. I’ve been looking for any excuse to drive her.”
Looking over to see Lydia straddling Zed’s hips, John flashed them a grin, then slipped a second finger inside his submissive, working the lube inside. A single man stepped up on the platform and went to stand by Sherlock’s head. He was naked, without a stitch of jewellery or embellishment to be seen. John noticed, with smug superiority, that the man’s cock was
No one stepped up for several seconds, but then John felt movement at his elbow. Snapping his eyes open he nearly expected to see Jim Moriarty standing beside them, and was pleasantly surprised to find it was Greg.
to whatever image was floating in that brain of his. Pulling John’s jumper a bit more snugly over his groin, Sherlock’s lips floated into a smile as he shifted on the chair.
“No, don’t go,” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s arm as John tried to pull away. “Give me two minutes to cuddle with you.”
“Great, thanks.” John turned and faced the direction of the source of the reverberating music. Another narrow hall brought him out into the main fanfare. It was a large rectangular room with a stage at the far end. Back in the 1920’s Lotus had been a cocktail bar set in the basement of an old department building. It had been known for its entertainment and atmosphere. Now the stage was widely unused, save for Friday nights when Zed held karaoke night.
“Everything! How it was, the food, the experience. Everything,” Zed said excitedly, leading them both towards one of the empty booths, “Then I’ll let you mingle. Plus, seeing you with the owner will only spark their interest.”
“Does this man look familiar?” Mycroft asked, picking up a manila folder from his lap and sliding a photograph out. He held it up for Sherlock to inspect.
"Well, now it's your turn to win. Ready?" Sherlock gave him a half shrug but didn't resist when John pulled him to his feet. He teetered on his heels and nearly fell forward. John caught him and quickly sat him back down while he pulled off Sherlock’s shoes. Leaving them, in favour of keeping his left hand free for his gun, John helped Sherlock back up, then together they walked through the door into the hall. John used the chaos still raging in the building to their advantage. Sherlock, it seemed, was quite content to hold John’s hand as they made their way down the concrete hallway towards Greg’s worried face.
Now that there was no risk of waking Sherlock up, he gave in to the desire to touch Sherlock. Sherlock’s cheek was soft beneath his touch, and warmth radiated through his fingers as he stroked along Sherlock’s cheekbone. Sherlock’s intense gaze went lax, and then his eyes fluttered shut, and a low rumble rose out of Sherlock’s chest.
“My next suit is going to have velcro seams, so I can just rip it off,” Sherlock claimed happily, already heading for the bedroom.
Ten minutes of walking later, they find themselves strolling through a quiet park. Sherlock watched with interest as John spun in a circle, looking at their surroundings. After a moment he stopped and held out his hand. Coming to a stop in the middle of the path, Sherlock pocketed his mobile and regarded John with a steady gaze.
“Wait here,” he said, swinging his legs over the edge of the bed. He retreated into the bathroom, where he discarded the condom and retrieved a warm flannel.
At first, John enjoyed the silence as it folded around them. It was familiar, mixed with Sherlock’s sounds humming a tune known only to him and the scents of his aftershave. However, the closer they got to home, the deeper it hit him what they were in the process of starting.
“Sorry mates,” Greg whispered while gently taking Sherlock’s head in his hands. Letting his hands drift with Sherlock’s movements, he made it appear he was
Entering, he found Sherlock sitting by the window with his nose in one of John’s old medical textbooks. Dull reading for sure, but if anyone would find the contents of its pages of interest, John did not doubt that person would be Sherlock. Walking around the bed, John stopped at Sherlock’s side and ran a finger across the half leather band at Sherlock’s throat.
“I can knock this back in one sip, but it isn’t often you splurge on me like this,” Sherlock continued coyly, taking another small sip of his drink. “Do I have time to savor it?”
“So big, Sherlock. Big and hard, I can feel it inside me, stretching me, filling me up. Christ,” John moaned. He tightened his grip on Sherlock’s torso and, using all the power he could gather in his legs, pulled himself tight against Sherlock. “Fuck me, fuck me like you mean it.”
“So, things seem well for you two then,” Zed said conversationally after a moment of silence. “Bit fast though, already on his second collar.”
"John?" Sherlock asked, his voice far away, though panic still made the edges sharp and painful to John's ears.
Sherlock gave a barely perceivable nod of his head as he rolled his shoulders around, working out the kinks. Stepping up so he was standing on the slightly raised platform, John nodded to the floor and smiled when Sherlock silently kelt. Being on the platform, while Sherlock knelt on the floor allowed for Sherlock to keep his back straight while his mouth was perfectly aligned with John’s crotch.
“I wasn’t going to mention John,” Lestrade said with a sigh, “I was going to tell you that I can’t have a complaint filed regarding your conduct,
Before Sherlock had time to answer or voice concerns about wearing the red collar in public, John reached into his dressing-gown pocket. With a pleasant twinkle in his eye, he withdrew a silver chain and two small discs. He placed them in the center of his palm and held them out for Sherlock to see.
“And this?” John asked gently, running his free hand across the span of Sherlock’s back. “How does this feel?”
“Yes, Sir,” Sherlock said, gasping for air. He hadn’t expected that, hadn’t been fully prepared at the time. John gave him another second to suck in a breath then his hand was once again guiding Sherlock’s head back down on his cock.
“Fine,” John replied with a nonchalant shrug. He wrapped the ends of the rope around his fist a few times, then nodded to Zed.
“Next Saturday, we introduce ourselves to the rest of the group. Meanwhile, we won’t sit idly by this week, John, so please stop looking at me like that. With the aid of Lestrade, or worst case, I cash in a favour with my brother, we should be able to track Lilianne down by her username and inspect her flat.”
“Punishment?” Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and tried to hide his grin. It would be tempting to push John once in a while, but depending on John’s forms of punishments, that might not be wise.
“Right,” John pursed his lips and raised a brow at the younger man, “finished? Or do you have a few more insults for my jumper?”
“He finds targets that match his clients' needs,” Mycroft said, his voice tinged with disgust. “It is safe to say, from the attention he gave you, that you fit the
The man grabbed the front half of Sherlock’s collar. Fingernails scrape against Sherlock’s throat then he’s being pulled forward until the pressure on his collar has him gasping for breath.
“Did you like having people watch me?” Sherlock asked, his long legs easily keeping pace with John’s energetic gait.
“I assume the police were alerted. A report made?” John asked, and to Sherlock’s annoyance, he leaned forward a fraction of an inch, his feet sliding out in front of him and nearly brushing against one of her dark heels.
“Oi, stop rolling your eyes.” John snapped as he sat down beside Sherlock, “Apologise to your brother.”
"Oh, there was nothing dry about that heat. Ball sweat..." John grimaced at the memory, "At least I won't have to wear fatigues during our holiday."
“Oh? And what happens when you’re made to wait?” he asked, swirling the amber liquid in his glass before taking a sip. “Macallan, top shelf, you’re out to please tonight,
“What about fetching, luscious, or delicious?” Whispering directly into Sherlock’s ear, John did not miss the shiver that ran down the detective’s back. “Mm, you love it.”
“Fine, we’ll take two suits as well, and a wardrobe of casual wear for him. No rush on those. Blues and greens especially, but I trust your pallet.”
He realized, tapping the tips of his fingers against the space just below his nose. Playing back the man’s image, he focused on the man’s outfit, searching for a rose of any colour, though the flower eluded him.
“Well, any time. You two can enter free of charge,” Elvio promised as the couple saw Zed and John back to the car.
"Then there is something called subspace," he continued, "which is quite real despite what naysayers might say. It's a natural high, in which my whole world relies on John."
“Oh?” Lydia smirked, then flashed Sherlock a grin. “Well then, this should be a fun evening. I do love pushing Zed’s buttons.”
"Uhhh..." Lestrade says, scrambling to wrap his head around the news, though the crooked grin on his face showed he wasn't alarmed by the news.
enough to make Sherlock gasp, when he released Sherlock’s ear, he whispered, "take care of each other.”
“Let me see, love.” John gently reached for Sherlock’s left arm and pushed up the sleeve of his dressing-gown. He traced the line of Sherlock’s vein all the way to where it disappeared in his upper arm and smiled softly. “No injection site, see? It was just a dream.”
“There. You alright?” In a low tone, John questioned as he stepped around to stand directly in front of Sherlock, who gave another nod.
“Admittedly, it took me far too long to guess.” Sherlock confessed, pressing his cold nose against John’s neck, “I had two unsuccessful attempts and hadn’t gained access to her e-mail yet, so I couldn’t simply reset the password. Then, I noticed that her avatar was one of the actors that belonged to the smutty fanfiction she had on her computer. A quick google search revealed the
“Hello, first time?” Her voice was like honey trickling down John’s spine. Green eyes flashed mischievously as she propped an elbow on the podium and leaned forward, pressing into John’s personal space.
“Dinner?” Sherlock countered, not that he wanted dinner, but he wanted to show John that he wasn’t obligated to divulge whatever was inside the box.
“Pain? Restraints? Obedience tasks?” John queried, trying to get a better picture of how to help his partner. Now standing in just his pants, with a gloriously naked Sherlock a few inches away from him, John felt his cock twitching to life.
The landlord, a short pudgy man by the name of Ralph Hicks, nodded once then led them through his office and into a back room where the odor of decaying boxes thankfully overpowered the reek of cabbage. Glancing around the room Sherlock notes that most of the boxes or fake plants have years worth of dust accumulated on them. However, in the corner are six boxes with relatively little dust. On top of them are a few loose ends, a random pan, or small (now dead) house plant, but it was the laptop that held his attention.
little to the imagination. Midnight black fishnets clung to his legs like a glove, emphasizing the muscles in his powerful legs. At first, I thought he was wearing a form-fitting mesh shirt. But when I got a closer inspection I discovered that his stockings were in fact a bodysuit. The material came up just above his chest, allowing for a tantalizing peek at rosy nipples. His collar glistened at his throat which only drew my attention up to his eyes where I was met by a smoky gaze. He’d put on makeup, a deep charcoal black, with glittering midnight blue accents. The entire look seemed to serve one purpose, to drive me flat out insane with one look. I don’t know how he got himself into that outfit, but I
“Or… not covering it.” John teased, a bit more comfortable with Greg jumping straight into poking fun at Sherlock. He glanced over at  Sherlock, who was currently sitting on the ottoman with his legs crossed at the knee and gave him his first excited smile of the night.
“What was that about?” Sherlock’s eyebrow was arched, and he wore a concerned look as John approached the table.
“Yeah, but…” Sherlock said, raising himself up on one elbow, “Can I flip over? I want to feel your hands dig into my hips while you plough me into the mattress.”
“Oh, we’re going to have to let you have your bratty day soon, aren’t we? I like this side of you, bossy and taking what you want from me.” John sighed happily as situated his knees between Sherlock’s legs. Stroking the cleft of Sherlock’s arse with one hand, he lined himself back up. But instead of pressing in, he slid his finger down Sherlock’s crease and pushed his thumb inside. Sherlock let out a moan and rocked back, pushing into the welcomed intrusion.
Sherlock flashed John a grin before flipping over onto his stomach. He stretched his arms out under the pillows and gripped the edge of the mattress. Arching his back he rose up on his knees a few inches, then rested the side of his face against the bedsheet.
“Show me,” John requested as his gaze drifted down to where Sherlock’s cock was hidden beneath the folds of his coat.
“Please, no more drugs…” Sherlock croaked as panic began to override his senses. “I can’t relapse, not after everything. I worked so hard to get clean and stay clean. You can’t do this to me.”
John smiled across the space between them and forced himself to breathe. Never in his life had he imagined a world where he’d be given a chance to ask Sherlock
John drummed the fingers of his left hand against the table and closed his eyes. He was just opening his mouth for another bite when Sherlock’s voice echoed throughout his mind.
John tossed the flogger onto the ottoman and dragged his nails up Sherlock’s back before taking a step back and surveying his partner. A line of precome hung from the tip of Sherlock’s cock, swaying in the air with every ragged breath Sherlock sucked in. Some had already collected in a small puddle on the floor, the sight of which made John’s cock jump in his trousers. Reaching up, John released Sherlock’s wrists.
John’s words echoed through Sherlock’s memory, and he finally understood what his punishment was to be. John wasn’t going to flog him, spank him, put him in chastity. No, John was going to make Sherlock follow him. It would be Sherlock’s one job to keep his cock within John’s reach at all times, regardless of his inability to see or move efficiently.
“Ta, oh, here,” John said, shuffling one of the bags around so he could reach the packet of hobnobs he’d bought to replace the ones Sherlock had pinched. “Best hide them, so he doesn’t find them.”
“You really don’t like him, do you?” John did his best not to laugh. His boyfriend, after all, had just been kidnapped by men who intended on selling him to Jim Moriarty. But it felt nice to release some of his anxiety with Greg. Plus, he was sure that the next hour would hold plenty for him to be anxious about without searching for it now.
“Go be useless somewhere else,” Sherlock snapped, dismissing the man with a flick of his hand. Happy for an excuse to leave Hicks gave a single shrug then waddled off to his computer, no doubt to lose another fifty quid.
“Oi, take a man's collar off for a flight and suddenly he thinks he’s the one calling the shots,” John whispered then pulled Sherlock’s thighs apart to keel between them. “I did bring the infinity collar if you’d like to take a spin on top for a day or two.”
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep, Sherlock!” John called after him, leaning forward off the counter a bit, “because god, I’d love to rip your clothes off of you.”
“The highest compliment I can give,” Mycroft said with a dip of his head. “While I might not understand your lifestyle, the whole bondage thing, you and he work well together. He’s happier now than I’ve seen him since we were children. I believe, as long as you are by his side, I no longer have to worry about him.”
"You mean I can…" Sherlock trailed off, his eyes dropping to stare at the tip of his cock, hovering over John's entrance.
“Right, sorry.” Snapping his jaw shut, John stamped down the urge to protest leaving a group of young girls vulnerable to future attacks. Sherlock’s words helped ease the worry lingering in the back of his mind.
“Detective Lestrade will be our liaison with the Met, should you require anything please refer to him. Likewise, whatever he or Captain Watson require, you are to give them.”
. Shaking his head, Sherlock walked to the door, opening it just a crack to listen as Mrs. Hudson greeted the newcomer.
The scene played out in front of Sherlock as if he were a bystander, not a participant. With this new level of connection, he found himself hyper-aware of John in a way he had not yet experienced. Not with John or anyone else.
“Might I propose a day where I can be bratty without worrying about a strike?” Sherlock asked, looking up to meet John’s eye again once he was properly collard.
John reached out and took Sherlock by one hand, while Sherlock’s other hand reached up to feel the spot the collar had just rested. Once he had Sherlock standing, he reached around his neck for the silver chain, pulled it up over his neck, and withdrew the smaller key that belonged to Sherlock’s bracelet.
“True,” Sherlock laughed, recalling the look of the driver when he’d stopped for a man covered in blood wielding a harpoon.
“Yes, Sir, I agree.” Sherlock resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the redundancy of his words. He knew John wasn’t dumb, but he was learning just how much verbal and willing consent meant to John. While it was minorly frustrating to voice his apparent agreement, a part of him couldn’t help but preen under the caution John was exhibiting. Without thinking over his actions, and what they could be construed as, Sherlock pulled his legs up off the floor and knelt on the sofa next to John, lowering his head in submission, he quietly added, “Please.”
“We talked, Mycroft. A bit, at least. I don’t take this type of relationship lightly. It requires trust and a lot of communication. For us to both be comfortable, we both have to be open with each other, and he willingly told me about his first dom.”
“No,” John said, stopping at the landing and turning around. The position put John several inches taller than Sherlock, and he used all of it to his advantage. In a voice that offered no room for sympathy or weakness, he added, “you’ll submit now.”
The next afternoon found John and Sherlock in the fashion district of Soho. John felt completely out of sorts, being dragged from one high-end clothing store to another, but Sherlock had an air of exuberance around him. What surprised John most, though, wasn’t the shops, or the price tags (though those were rather shocking). It was the way Sherlock’s entire personality shifted when he walked inside each store.
“Fuck off,” Sherlock thrust the milk against John’s chest then stepped out of his reach. Sherlock’s middle finger was the only response he gave to the peals of laughter that followed him down the hall as he stalked off toward their bedroom.
“Your ankles and wrists will be tied to the chair, your forearms too. You’ll be on tiptoes, and the palms of your hands will be flat on the seat. The longer part of the rope will be fed through the hoop on the ceiling. It won't hold much tension and is mostly for show. The goal is to remain in a bridge position, holding your hips as high off the chair as you can for as long as you can. The moment your thighs touch the chair, it's over. Lydia has practice, but I know you. You have the body of a fighter.”
Friday morning was both stressful and busy. For nearly an hour John tolerated Jesper and his assistant fussing over every last detail of his outfit. When they were done, and he was allowed to look at himself in the mirror, he had to admit that it had been worth it. The outfit fit him like a glove and the shirt clung to him in all the right places. It highlighted the few muscles he had left from his army days and somehow made his chest seem fuller, giving his appearance a bit of a boost. No longer was he a slight man in a bulky jumper, but a main coiled and ready to strike at a moments notice.
He had been worried that he wouldn’t know what to do or how to move. However, as soon as he slid inside John’s entrance, something clicked in the most primal portion of his brain. Instinct and John’s words urged him to move.
ALSO!!! As of when I'm writing this note (5/26/2021) I no longer have "a boyfriend" HE PROPOSED!!!! ASKJHDFAKSDFASDFKJAFD
In little less than an hour, Sherlock has access to Lilianne’s computer, and Greg has a list ten names long of regular club members who had stopped attending their normal haunts. Greg was looking more and more frazzled as time went on, and Sherlock more frustrated.
John placed the tray of food on Sherlock’s lap, then patted him on the shoulder before hurrying around the bed. One he was settled similarly, back against the headboard, knees bent with feet planted firmly on the mattress, he took the tray and placed it between them.
She was more than a landlady. She was more than your downstairs neighbour. She was more than the quaint old lady who had a secret gun in the flour jar in her kitchen. More than the woman in a pinny baking, filling the house with delicious aromas.
He thought, selecting six smaller pieces of rope from a table nearby. He and Zed shared playful jabs while they worked, revving the audience up and making their subs inwardly roll their eyes at the playful cockfight. Crouching low to the ground, John undid the laces on Sherlock’s shoes. Slipping both shoes and socks off of Sherlock, he planted the ball of Sherlock’s feet on the wooden floor. “Traction okay?” he asked Sherlock, allowing the man to test his weight and grip. Sherlock nodded, watching John’s jaw as he began wrapping the rope around his ankles and the chair. Despite John’s lack of recent practice, he worked quickly and efficiently and had Sherlock’s ankles in place before Zed had one of Lydia’s legs secured.
“Mmm, I should thank you for this opportunity,” John hummed then kissed the top of Sherlock’s head, “Tell me, on average, does getting an order turn you on? So far, everything has been sensual between us, and while I don’t mind a constant state of arousal, it could make life outside of the flat awkward.”
Much to Sherlock’s surprise, she used the car quite regularly. She’d even taken a high-performance driving course. John still didn’t know who the car belonged to, though he’d commented on it more than once after taking the trash out.
"Correct, two though we only have information on one of the women. Greg, we need your help before two becomes more."
“Ready when you are,'' he said, sinking his fingers of his free hand into Sherlock’s hair to dispel any lingering nervousness. “Remember what I said, Sherlock, watch me. I’ll be right in front of you the whole time.”
“Mycroft complimenting anyone…” Sherlock caught John’s eye as he trailed off. John’s face cracked into a childish grin, and they quickly broke out into a fit of soft giggles. “I don’t think that has ever happened. You struck gold today, John.”
“Like I’m the most important piece of the universe to you,” Sherlock admitted, sinking deeper into John’s arms with a contented sigh.
John walked to their wardrobe and began browsing through Sherlock’s clothing. He selected the leather trousers he’d seen Sherlock in the weekend before, making Sherlock smirk, then moved onto shirts.
**Update as of 20/5/21 - I updated the chapter count, and moved the contract (which was once chapter 6) to be the last chapter of this story. As I post the next couple of chapters you'll see this one move further back until it's at the end. It just felt cleaner to have the chapters all in the correct order, and once everything is posted it should be fairly seamless!**
To Mycroft’s credit, the briefing was quick. Thanks to the tracker John had sewn into Sherlock’s skirt, and the partial ID from Zed, they’d been able to confirm that the GPS coordinates, a laundrette set into a strip mall, matched the location of the van. With the trouble of having to
Sherlock realized frustratedly. Just when Sherlock thought he’d reached his breaking point, as he was about to open his mouth and speak despite John’s warning, the door swung open. John stood on the other side, naked and glistening from his shower. He had one hand on his cock, which was already erect.
“Stay here, don’t you dare move or open your eyes,” John ordered. Sherlock listened as John trotted down the stairs and through the main part of their flat. He stooped in the bathroom for something, then the kitchen, before his feet carried him back upstairs. The instant John was back by Sherlock’s side, something cold and wrapped in a tea towel was pressed against his groin. He let out an involuntary yelp but managed to
“Does it matter? Yes, I can see it matters to you, thirty seconds at most. I heard him come up the stairs. Flip over the notepad, John, if you don’t want him reading that.” Sherlock’s hands darted to the rope around his neck then his panicked gaze fell on John’s face.
“My partner Sherlock Holmes,” John began in a husky voice, “stepped out of our bedroom with an air of confidence I had not yet seen in him. You would think, a man dressed such as him would be self-conscious, or perhaps nervous. Or even falling over, considering the height of his heels. He was wearing a tight black leather mini skirt that barely went to the middle of his thighs, with a slit up the left hip leaving
He thought, then gathered up his willpower and pushed aside the desire to curl up at John's feet and beg to be pet.
“Good, because that will be the only text alert tone your phone makes when I text you,” Sherlock announced happily.
“I don’t know much about these girls, except that they all met online. On a forum for local kink curious people. Obviously, they became friends of one caliber or another and decided to meet up, choosing Night Goddess as their weekly destination. They drink together, dance together, and split up into pairs if they need the bathroom. Common, for young women who are still learning their way in this world.” Looking up, she smiled at John, who was dragging a small filing cabinet over. He placed it in the center of the gap, then lifted the tea tray from his chair and settled it there, gesturing to Zed and Paige to help themselves.
“We could, if you want, use this as the collar you wear outside. Though, I still want to get you that leather bracelet.”
"Hey now," John said, quickly leaning in to kiss Sherlock's pout away, "it's our honeymoon. You’re not allowed to be sad."
need to go to the shops. I’m going to go get dressed,” John said, glancing down at his pyjamas, “and head out before they get busy. Do you want to join me?”
“Sorry, Paige. Lydia will have my head for that one.” He winced, then placed his hand on Paige’s knee, squeezing it gently in apology.
“Place it here,” Sherlock suggested, pointing at the darker seam along his shoulder. “I’ll be careful.”
“Zed, can I ask you something without you calling me a pantywaist?” John asked after a few moments of silence.
"You brought Lydia," Sherlock noted, nodding to the woman who had her back turned towards them. She was talking with a rather animated Elvio, and judging by the laughter knew him enough to be comfortable with him.
"Makeup too?" Sherlock smirked. He hadn't missed the way John's eyes smouldered every time he looked at his submissive. Not nor could he deny how that look directed at him made him feel like the most precious thing John had ever seen.
“Watch her, take her down when she’s ready,” he instructed, then strode towards John with an outstretched hand. “Well, as I live and breathe. You’re alive, after all.”
“Always,” Sherlock said once he’d given John his full attention. John nodded once, dropped his hand from Sherlock’s chin, and reached around for the back of Sherlock’s collar.  “What are you doing?” he asked, twisting his neck around and throwing John a quizzical frown.  “Did I do something wrong?”
“That,” Sherlock rolled his eyes and waved a hand in the air, “went on longer than it should have, and it wasn’t until he saw just how addicted to cocaine I was that he left me. Didn’t want to be implicated in my death in the case I had overdosed. In the end, that proved to be a wise move. It was only another six months before I messed up on my calculations and overdosed. I’m told I was passed out in an alley behind some shops, and a kind Detective Inspector found me. I had a note in my pocket, one that I kept there every time I
Pushing back against John, he silently asked for more and moaned again when John gave it to him. One strong hand gripped the side of his hip. John’s thumb dug into his arse while his fingers closed in on his side as if Sherlock might blow away in the next stiff breeze. Meanwhile, John’s other hand was feather-light against his cock, teasing, rather than working to bring him to orgasm.
“Just like that, god…” John’s voice carried him through the orgasm, soft fingers petting his hair as his body began to shake against the wall. “God, yes. I’m going to come all over you, mark you, claim you as mine.”
“If this,” John said quietly, inches from his ear, cupping Sherlock’s cock in his palm again, “is out of my reach at any point for the rest of the day, you’d better hope you have permission. Today, you will begin learning that you are
nicely for such a bossy man.” Sherlock trilled, stroking his thumb over John’s jaw before snapping his hips forward.
“Poor and Donovan are not two words that should be uttered in the same sentence,” Sherlock said crossly while looking up from the laptop to glare at John.
“I would hope so, for his sake,” Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes. Regretfully he pulled himself from John’s arms and reached for his dressing gown. His brother’s presence, it seemed, did not warrant pants. Hardly bothering to even tie his robe closed, Sherlock bent down, placed a kiss on John’s forehead then headed off to go see his brother.
“Would Sir like to lay down for a moment?” Sherlock asked, attempting to dispel John’s temper, well earned as it was.
“Mm, that and I love the way you look at me when you see it in public. It’s like someone has lit a fire behind your irises.”
name. Then it was just a matter of luck that had me chose the correct number to tack onto the end of the ship name.”
“You tell me. You and Daddy were watching the radar this morning. Was it a big cloud or little cloud?”
“Yeah, well, he wouldn’t know an orgasm if one slapped him in the face.” John rolled his eyes and retrieved the small padlock from the nightstand.
“Alight,” John said while placing a loaf of bread in the bread box. Half expecting Sherlock to ask about Mycroft, his shoulders nearly sagged in relief when Sherlock began speaking.
For a man who didn’t own many suits, John owned more pocket squares than the average man. It told Sherlock a story of a man who’d once had a nice wardrobe, but for one reason or another, had needed to downsize. It wasn’t hard to piece together that joining the military would nullify John’s requirement for suits, and with little family nearby (and the unreliable status of his sister), there was no place to store them. However, Pocket squares could be packed neatly into a box and put away in a corner where they’d be out of the way.
“Dinner,” He said to his reflection, “or is it supper? It depends on who you ask, I suppose. Most would say tea. People partake of this meal every day, so why do I feel nervous?”
“Did these women have a pattern of attendance?” Sherlock asked, opening one eye and regarding Paige with a calculating gaze.
“I enlisted in the Army, was gone for a while. Which reminds me, I need to update my address with you,” rattling off the new address, he glanced around the small reception room. It was just far enough away from the main attraction that the music was a distant thrum, and only a low hum of voices carried this far—peaceful, and not a bad job for someone trying to make ends meet while in Uni.
“Hold these for me,” he said and tried not to laugh at the faint smirk on Sherlock’s face when he opened his mouth and took the two ends of the rope between his teeth.
“Yeah, you don’t have to ask me twice,” John husked out while gripping Sherlock’s arse with both hands. With one quick tug, he effortlessly pulled Sherlock forward on his lap, slotting their crotches and stomachs together. “When we get home later, I’m going to completely undress you, lay you on our bed, and finally make love to you. I’m going to show you how sex between two people who love each other should feel. Just us,” he whispers while reaching up and stroking a finger along Sherlock’s collar, “no collars, no bondage, no doms. Just Sherlock Holmes and John Watson, and what God gave us naturally.”
"Hardly. But I'm going to need your help. I don't know how, just yet, but when the time comes can I count on you?"
“I’ve just watched my boyfriend get injected with something, then manhandled into a van by known human traffickers.” John sighed as his shoulders slumped forward, “I’d like to kick something while screaming my fucking head off. But, I’m keeping a lid on it.”
Swallowing hard John nodded once. Once Sherlock was out of earshot he turned to Greg and pulled out his mobile.
Picking up the leather bracelet and holding it between them, John met Sherlock’s gaze and held it while he spoke. “Once I put this on, it will remain locked on your wrist except for when you shower or if you need a break for whatever reason. You’ll be locked full time, my submissive, for all the world to see if they use their eyes. Is that alright?”
"Yeah." John nodded then brushed one of Sherlock's curls behind his ear. "You're right. Of course, you’re right.”
“Your mother?” Sherlock asked, glancing at the first picture of a woman and two children, one male, one female. The children were close enough in age that it was nearly impossible to distinguish who was older. They both smiled up at the camera, John missing his two front teeth while Harriot’s smile was only missing one. The woman standing between them with a hand lovingly placed on each shoulder resembled John so much that Sherlock instantly felt a rush of warmth towards the woman. Her hair had a touch more gold in it than John’s, but their eyes and thin lips were identical.
“Oh, you think you’re getting fucked tonight, do you?” John laughed, swatting Sherlock’s arse hard enough to leave a red mark behind. “You rolled your eyes at me before everyone got here. I don’t think you deserve to get fucked.”
The sound of the shower curtain sliding down the rod sent a shiver down Sherlock’s back. He’d begun to slouch while waiting, and his hands had both shifted, palm down on his thighs. Cursing himself for slipping, he corrected his posture and held his head high, displaying the collar and John’s army tags. He heard the sound of a towel being pulled free from its rod. John’s footsteps then plodded around the bathroom. The sink turned on, and sounds of John brushing his teeth sent a stab of impatience through Sherlock.
They arrived on the scene and found the club busier than John had expected. A small queue snaked its way down the pavement. John found himself thankful that the rain had stopped earlier that evening, though the idea of Sherlock in a
He wasn’t allowed upstairs for the rest of the week. By Thursday evening, all of his belongings had a new home nestled among Sherlock’s things. Sherlock had decided he disapproved of how two wardrobes looked side by side, so by the time John returned from work; it had been replaced with a single larger one.
“Come on, so close. Let go, love. Give in, I’ve got you.” John breathed out loud enough for those closest to the platform to hear. Voices soon joined in, egging Sherlock on with delighted amusement.
“Uh-huh. Lickyity split, so you can lickity lick.” the driver slipped his car into gear, clearly oblivious to the peals of laughter coming from the back seat.
“That’s the thing. He wasn’t wearing one. How often do people slip past reception and make it in without a rose?”
that followed his every footstep had made a once pleasant kink turn into a dark shadow over his life. Then there was the matter of his ever-present, oppressing older brother who had court-ordered monthly drug tests.
How do you put into words the sum of one person? How do you accurately convey every emotion, every smile, laugh, and iota of embarrassment that you experience with someone over the years? How do you do this without rambling on and on until you’ve talked yourself hoarse?
as she blew her Nana one last kiss. When the grave was filled in, and they were the only three left aside from the ushers from the funeral home, John finally let the tears fall.
“No, Sir,” Sherlock answered, as he quickly realized by the way John’s lips twisted and pursed that he’d said the wrong thing. Thinking furiously, he realized that John had been giving him a chance to apologize. John’s hand darted between Sherlock’s legs in a blur of movement. His hands tightened around Sherlock’s cock and balls enough to cause pressure but not enough to hurt. Sherlock saw it for what it was, a warning, so he quickly added, “I’m sorry, sir?”
John was careful not to tug the fragile material too much as he pinned the white rose to Sherlock’s shirtfront, but the flower was light and didn’t offer up much resistance. Sherlock took his time placing John’s rose on perfectly, then slipped his arm through the crook of John’s elbow.
In the course of a second, John’s hands flew to his hips, searching for the pocket that wasn’t there. He groaned, remembering that the keys were still in Sherlock’s room.
There wasn’t much to see, aside from bins and a few cars squeezed in behind the buildings. Mrs. Hudson’s newest model sports car sat nestled a few rows down. He smiled, recalling the day he’d helped her pick it out using the money from her late husband's estate. (The money that hadn’t been held up in the court battle thanks to his illegal activities.)
more. It’s the hint of danger I seek, not the pain itself. Light choking can be enjoyable. Suspension has always intrigued me. I enjoy cold but less so hot. Restraints are fine, as long as they’re done correctly. I had the misfortune of dealing with an amateur who managed to hit every nerve on my legs.” Sherlock ran a hand down his thigh, remembering the tight bite of coarse rope as it hit his pressure points.
“How about I just hold your hand in public, and let you know you’re not alone?” John asked, not wanting to threaten his partner when it was evident he was trying hard not to slip back into addiction.
“Over-analyze away, John.” Sherlock said around a laugh, “I find it rather sexy seeing how much you care.”
He withdrew a solid leather band in a matching color, also adorned with a single O ring. Already attached to the ring was a length of chain, roughly three meters long. Using a clip on the end of the chain, John locked the chain around the O ring on Sherlock’s neck. Holding out the bracelet, and his left wrist, he looked down at Sherlock.
“That might be my new favorite sentence,” John said softly, pulling his hand away. His heart echoed Sherlock’s soft whimper when the physical contact broke. “I know,” he whispered and leaned down to press a gentle kiss to the space between Sherlock’s eyes. “The desire to touch you is remarkable, but let me put this on you.”
“Next time you apologize, don’t pose it as a question. You know full well that you were a brat.” John said, his voice dripping with disgust. He slid the hood over Sherlock’s head, not giving his sub time to respond or to change his apology. Sherlock’s world went black, and the smell of nylon filled his nose.
“About this alley, then,” making a show of looking around to see if they were alone on the street, Sherlock cupped his groin and squeezed. “I would like to cash in my reward.”
“And you’re wearing black? Interesting, I would have thought you’d go for white, now.” Zed's eyes flicked down to the flower pinned on John's chest. He looked confused, which threw John momentarily off-balance.
"With the noises you make? Or the way you speak? I'd be an idiot if they didn't turn me on," John replied smugly while thrusting his hip into Sherlock's hand. "If I could get away with it, I'd record one of your moans and set it as my text alert tone. That way every time you send me a text my cock will twitch."
Sherlock was practically vibrating with excitement when John walked in. Per instruction (sent via text while John was waiting for the tube), he was waiting in his armchair, dressed in nothing but his blue robe and the red collar.
Sherlock reached out a shaking hand and collected the lubricant from their nightstand. He pressed the tube into John’s outstretched hand. Their eyes met as John slicked up his left index finger. The corners of John’s eyes narrowed in one last question, when Sherlock nodded they crinkled into a sudden smile. With his tongue working circles around the tip of Sherlock’s cock, John slowly pressed his finger inside Sherlock. He only went up to the first knuckle, after holding it there he pulled out, swapping his focus back to Sherlock’s cock.
Here we have the start of a case that might be the death of me. I've bitten off more than I can chew, but not in a bad way. This is really showing me how important a plan is, so I can tie in little details that will all make sense later. Hopefully I can pull this off, because this case will be important in the long run.
Reverently he placed the red cord around Sherlock’s neck and fastened the two loops together with the padlock, apologizing for the cold bite of metal against Sherlock’s neck. Once the collar was properly in place, John dragged both hands through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock’s shoulders drooped as his whole body relaxed at the touch.
“Why would I? I hate paperwork as much as Sherlock does. And the bloody court case would be insufferable
“We could turn upstairs into our sex room. I recall seeing some exposed rafters in the ceiling. If they’re load-bearing, we could install a swing.” Sherlock suggested smugly. All fear that John would reject him now gone left him bold and cocky.
“It started six months ago,” Paige began, fighting with her skirt as the cushions tugged the fabric. Sherlock watched the movement and frowned. By her tan line or lack of one, he could tell that she was not afraid of showing skin.
Nodding his head once, Sherlock did his best to relax as John worked his balls, then cock, through the tight ring. More than once he needed lube to help ease skin through the tight fit, but he managed it without causing more than mild discomfort. When the base was in place, he reached for the bulk of the cage. Applying ice once more, to ensure maximum shrinkage, he fit the cage over Sherlock’s cock, poking stubborn folds of skin into place, then locked the catheter into place before securing the cage itself. Finally, Sherlock heard the click of a small padlock, locking the device into place and he was instructed to sit up and open his eyes.
“Of course you’d enjoy this,” John muttered darkly, “But let’s see how you enjoy it when your cock is locked away, unable to get stimulated no matter how hard you try.”
“Uhhh…” John started to say but was saved from scrambling for words when the car came to a stop. Looking out the rain-splattered window, John saw the glass storefront and frowned, calculating the time and direction. Had they simply gone straight there, they would have been facing the other way. “What’d we do, circle the block?”
“Try not to get hard, or I’ll have to get some ice,” John said tonelessly, pressing a hand against Sherlock’s chest and pushing him back against the bed. “Have you ever had a catheter inserted before? Shake or nod your head.”
“Be my guest,” Sherlock quickly unlocked the device and handed it back over, then began sipping on his drink.
It took them a few thrusts before their movements synced, but when they did, pleasure sparked through both of them. John’s eyes rolled into the back of his head. His fingers dug into the blanket, knuckles going white while a series of low moans ripped themselves free from somewhere deep inside John’s chest.
“Predictable,” Sherlock snorted and rolled his eyes. Of course, John would use his power to like this, though he couldn’t say he was displeased. Nodding his head in agreement, he pursed his lips.
Matching Sherlock’s chuckle John knelt on the bed, he ran his hands down Sherlock’s thighs and let out a slow breath.
He lost himself in thought, picturing John holding the end of a leash, leading him along a high-speed chase across London. While impractical, the idea was pleasant, and he experimented by adding different items, like a butt plug or his cock cage, to the scenario. He jumped and inhaled sharply when calloused fingers startled him out of his thoughts.
to go with you to this girl's flat. That's…" Lestrade's fingers tighten on the steering wheel then relax as he processes the unique turn of events, "well I was surprised."
“Fried eggs and toast, then… minus the beans,”  he added, checking the cupboard to find it empty of everything except one of Sherlock’s mould spores. He was just cracking the eggs into a pan when Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door and let herself in.
Pulling the blankets up over his head, John closed his eyes and sighed. Sherlock’s half of the bed was cold, and the bed far too still for John to get comfortable. Though having only shared a bed for just over a week, John’s sleep quality had improved instantly. With Sherlock beside him, his nightmares were less intense. There was something grounding about waking up to find Sherlock’s back pressed against his or a hand pleasantly draped over his midsection. Balling up one of the extra pillows, John stuffed it between his knees and fell into a restless sleep.
“I…” Sherlock paused, but John could tell by the way he scrunched up his face that it wasn’t out of a refusal to answer but out of the necessity to think. “The way you say my name, it’s like someone is describing a work of art. I would prefer you use it, with the occasional ‘good boy’ or ‘pet’ thrown in.”
“Right, so… what do you want out of this? Out of me? Do you want a purely sexual relationship? A Dom to aid your desire for subspace? Or, do you want a relationship with the added benefit of me being a capable Dom? Do you even want sex? If so, how far are you willing to go? Toys? What level of restraint are you comfortable with?” John sighed and closed his eyes, trying to pull up the mental list of questions he once knew so well. “Pain, choking, suspension, temperature extremes… These are all things we need to discuss. Along with if there are any parts of your body you’re not comfortable exposing, or having touched.”
“As you command, Captain.” Sherlock rose quickly and crossed over to the dresser, and began rifling through the box. He placed each item on the bed, selecting four double-ended clips for John to use, then clambered up onto the bed. Without prompting, he knelt in the center, resuming the Nadu position.
“I… yeah, I might be falling in love with you too. I think I have been, actually, for a while now.” John admitted, the words tumbling out of his mouth before he allowed himself time to be nervous.
“What else?” Sherlock prompted. He needed to know John understood why they were doing this. When they got to Lotus, he needed John to have a clear head, not fretting over the whys and hows.
After completing his first task Sherlock positioned himself a few paces away. Spreading his feet he laced his fingers together and placed them behind his neck. He met John’s gaze and felt a shiver run down his spine at the look John gave him. His eyes had shifted from blue to cobalt, his pupils were dilated, and as he watched a wicked grin took over John’s face.
“Remind me to show you this music video, might give you an idea for your next outfit.” John sighed as Sherlock’s body swallowed his full length. “Jesus, you feel so good.”
“Right, sorry. Yes.” John scrubbed a hand over his face and flashed Sherlock a sheepish grin. “Didn’t realize I was so obvious,” John murmured, then twisted his torso against the back of the seat, facing Sherlock as best as the buckle would allow. “Just to clarify, you weren’t at Lotus for a case. Correct?”
“Mine too,” John said, still laughing. With a sharp tug, he pulled Sherlock off balance, making the taller man lean into him for support, then reached up and kissed his way down Sherlock’s jaw.
“I could either do the washing, and we can enjoy a quiet evening in. Or, you can strip and be ready on our bed in ten minutes. Your choice.”
“Actually, yes. A friend of mine, he’s just playing hard to get.” He said, emphasizing the masculine pronoun, hoping that tidbit of information might let the girl down easily.
Once Mycroft had left, John turned to the kettle and made two cups of tea and brought them both into the bedroom. His heart clenched at the sight before him. Sherlock lay curled up on his side, facing the door. His left hand was wrapped around his legs, pulling his knees tight to his chest. Tears streamed down Sherlock’s face in silent defiance of his circumstances.
“Yes, my case… Well, back in January, the group lost a member. The week prior, one of the girls had ended up getting over her cold feet. She went home with one of the Doms, a male. He’d been hanging out with the group all evening. My staff had asked the girls if they were all right, and they couldn’t recall anyone being distressed.” Paige paused long enough to fix herself a cup of tea, milk, no sugar.
“Listen, mate, I know my way around the bedroom. Just ‘cause you’ve gone and gotten some ‘Three Continents Watson’ title, doesn’t mean I can’t wow my partners.”
While John took a detour into the bathroom, Sherlock hurried excitedly towards their shared wardrobe. It was a pity that none of his clothes would fit John, but he’d seen John’s collection of clothing in its entirety now and had a good idea of what he would lay out for his Captain.
“Promise,” John replied as he stole a kiss. “Can I take your collar off for a bit? Help you undress and get comfortable? I made tea.”
Mycroft nodded solemnly, his eyes sliding to John’s shoulder. Pursing his lips, his gaze grew distant. After a moment, he regained his focus and said in a whisper, “I’m glad my brother has chosen you as his companion. He does better with someone by his side,  though he’ll never admit it. Your influence over these past months has proven instrumental in his happiness. Now,” he said, folding his hands over his lap and cocking his head teasingly to one side, “if only you could get him to call home once in a while. Mummy does love to hear from him.”
“Keep quiet, and don’t hold back. I want you to come for me right here, but I don’t want the neighbors to hear. Understand?”
“It most certainly does.” John agreed. “Listen, Zed… we’re uh… gonna take off. It's still new, and him in those leather trousers. Well, things are going to get a bit indecent between us if we stick around. But thanks for this, it was fun.”
“You do,” John pointed out,  “Plus, I don’t need to explain anything, nor make excuses for either of us. We are both consenting adults of sound mind and body. No one is being exploited, hurt, or taken advantage of. His level of concern over your sex life is disturbing, and frankly, I have half a mind give my sister his phone number.”
Sherlock glanced up at John when he finally made it back to the flat. He watched as John placed his armful of bags down on the worktop, but said nothing. If he knew John had just been talking with Mycroft, he said nothing. Mycroft had warned him that he tended to press his lips together when stressed, so John made every effort to keep his face relaxed as his partner watched him put the shopping away.
"Mm, not sad," Sherlock mumbled between gentle kisses, "Just a little disappointed you didn't bring the outfits Jesper made for you. Miami has its fair share of clubs. I’m sure we'd be able to find one that suits our tastes."
“Never, John. Mr Chatterjee would kick us out faster than you could pull your dick out. I’m quite happy with this being a once in a while occasion. Our lovely attic works just fine for us and our needs. Though... Greg was an interesting touch.” Sherlock smirked, remembering the way it felt to have the D.I.’s hands in his hair.
be taking those keys, as well. I want it all laid out on your bed neatly, on which you’ll be sitting however you’re best comfortable. I want you naked, with your clothes neatly put away. I’ll join you in ten minutes.”
“I hadn’t even considered that other clubs might have experienced the same thing,” John uttered, sucking on his teeth in thought. “Why don’t I call up Zed, and he and I can go chat with some other club owners? You take Greg to Lilianne’s once we get her address, and we’ll compare notes later?”
“Being submissive allows me an outlet. Instead of focusing on the useless data before me, my subconscious is focused on my surroundings. Waiting for my next command. It helps me apply order to my chaotic mind, gives me the ability to cast out the useless data and only focus on what matters.” With careful eyes, Sherlock watched John as he absorbed that bit of information. He knew from experience that it was one thing to tell a partner
“Promise?” Sherlock asked softly. He pulled his head free just enough to look up at John and scrubbed a hand over his face to wipe away the tears.
“Jesus, you’re going to torment me, aren’t you. I’ve been wondering why you wouldn’t let me see what you’ll be wearing.”
“Part of me still believes that I’m imagining this. Stripping due to a fabrication of my mind has been frowned upon in the past.”
. Hard rock wanna be nooks, where one might find a classic record collection set along the wall with glass
“Multiple people?” He asked, wanting to find his shoes and kick the living daylights out of whoever had hurt Sherlock.
“You’ve been practicing,” Zed complained goodnaturedly. “And don't have to deal with Lydia's heels. Those things have more buckles than a leather club.”
want to see how far I can push this public kink of yours. There’s a dark alley behind our flat with a spot CCTV cameras don’t reach.”
“Then we need to get you a proper suit so I can be similarly affected. Not that this,” Sherlock gestured at John’s outfit, “is an eyesore.”
His captor’s voice is harsh and tinged with perverse humor. A hand sinks it’s way into Sherlock’s hair, but instead of the pleasure he felt when John pulled his hair, it just amplified his already growing panic. Sherlock flinched hard, trying to pull out of the rough grip, but to no avail. Opening his eyes he looked around wildly for anything he could use to escape but the room was bare. The only things in the room were himself, his captor, and the syringe lying on the floor well out of his reach.
The husbands shared a look between themselves before turning to Zed. When Zed nodded, they relaxed their shoulders and agreed. John reached into his pockets and withdrew his wallet. From that, he pulled out one of Greg’s business cards and slid it across the table.
“All of your don’ts are fine with me, however as already stated, no hot wax due to the heat. I promise now that I will not push myself, that if I am not enjoying something, or it just isn’t working at the moment, I will say something. I have the advantage of already trusting you explicitly, but my safeword is Jelly Babies. I enjoy public sex, again it goes back to the danger factor. Doing something where you’re not supposed to be. I enjoy being collared full time, being made to do small tasks while in my kit. I own cuffs, a collar, and a leather harness. All locking, of course. I will hand over all copies of the keys to you tonight if you wish.”
“I want to see your face. On your back, please.” Sherlock answered after considering the options. With John on his back, he could observe his face and movements for any sign of discomfort.
“Doctor Watson?” The driver rolled his window down and leaned out of the car, “We’re tracking him now. Mycroft is requesting your presence now if you want to join. Detective Inspector, you as well.”
“Mmm, Bella, Isabela. My uncle is Italian. They moved to Italy when I was eleven, but Facebook and stuff.”
“Left,” John called out as he took off. “Sherlock’s signal wasn’t central in the building, he was reading a bit more east than where we entered. Plus, almost everyone else went right.”
Lotus was, or it had been the last time John had patronised it, an exclusive club for the BDSM community. No matter your level of expertise or how far you dabbled into the craft, all were welcome; but only through invitation. John’s invitation dated back to his first year at uni, and since then, he’d been a regular member up until he had enlisted. It had now been four years since his last visit, and seeing the red on red welcome made him wonder why he’d waited so long to return.
“Thank you, please, continue.” Sherlock heard John hum appreciatively beside him and graced his Dom with a brief smile. It seemed John truly appreciated simple words like
“Git,” John said fondly, leaning down and planting a kiss on Sherlock’s lips, “I’m going to go finish my sandwich. I got some junk food if you need a snack before dinner. Try not to eat it all at once.”
Guided by their sense of purpose it didn’t take long to find the master bedroom. John pushed Sherlock to the bed and was about to follow him to the mattress when he slapped a palm against his forehead.
I'm doing this without a beta :) So if you notice any Americanisms or a place where a word is missing please let me know. I'm being careful, but shit happens.
“Take the jumper off,” Jesper said with a snap of his fingers. “Off, off, be quick about it. Let me see what I’m working with.”
“John, I want any version of a life with you, but especially this one, where we both share something we love so deeply.”
John's family's back story was of his own making. I had NO clue that would pour out of me. (Also, sadly cancer treatments CAN render a man sterile.)
“Doctor Watson, please get in,” a voice said, and to John’s surprise, it belonged to Mycroft himself, not one of his underlings.
Fire pooled in John’s groin, imagining Sherlock’s lips wrapped around the tip of his cock, silver eyes gleaming as he looked up at John, silently begging for the chance to pull off and breathe. Without thinking, he reached down and adjusted himself. Sherlock’s eyes followed his hand, then, with a smirk, he continued.
“Oh love,” John turned, abandoning the groceries on the worktop in favour of taking both of Sherlock’s hands in his and pulling him into an embrace. “This isn’t the world of internet porn. I don’t have to hit you for what we do together to be considered bondage. Those videos show a different world, a world in which men are treated roughly for the sake of the camera. I despise male bondage porn. It’s nothing more than abuse, and I will not treat you like that. I’m not into slapping someone around for the sake of an erection, I wouldn’t even be able to get it up if I did that to you. Stop watching them please, they aren’t research. Well, if they are, it’s research on what not to do.”
“When you win, we’ll celebrate in the alley behind the flat. Keep your core tight, and focus on me. The crowd will pick sides, and I want them to pick yours. However, they’re loyal to Zed and Lydia.”
of a rain gutter helped mask his footsteps on the cobblestone. You didn’t make noise when you approached. The Snake didn’t like that, it spooked him. He would know you were there, he’d know the second you entered his domain, noise was not necessary. Noise brought the cops, and no one wanted that. Before the shape got close enough to morph from blob to humanoid, a voice rang out, shattering the damp still air.
“I’ll harass Greg first thing on Monday. You can tell Mike whenever. I’m certain you’re in contact with him far more than I am these days.” Sherlock considered, his lips twisting up into a smile at the thought of a case.
“However, in both scenarios, there is one common element. One that is already there when you ask me to eat or sleep. I feel…” Sherlock trailed off, waving a hand emphatically through the air as he searched for the correct word.
Tapping the earpiece in his left ear Greg gave John a gentle smile. “Plus I’ll be your inside connection to Mycroft. If anything happens, he’ll tell me.”
Greg fell silent for another minute, clearly listening to chatter on his earpiece then looked around the room with an interested glint in his eye.
“Right,” John grunted while clearing his throat uncomfortably, “so we have to be nice to each other now?”
“Right, so you’ve asked for me to test your obedience. As if that wasn’t enough, you want me to deny you release until I deem fit. Nod once if you still want that.”
a magnet stuck in the drain. John had the whole drain taken apart when Sherlock’s silhouette filled the doorway. Looking out from under the sink, John met Sherlock’s eye, then returned to the task at hand.
into it, but I’m glad we did. It was that, or we’d both sit there and pine over each other for the next year before one of us dies from sheer want.”
Sherlock silenced whatever John had been intending to say by wrapping his mouth around the top of John's cock. John swore under his breath. His tongue slid over parched lips. His hand flew up to the door frame, bracing himself as Sherlock began his task in earnest.
I'm uploading this from my laptop, which is about 90000 years old. So I must be honest and confess that I didn't go over the chapter with grammarly (for like a 3rd time) before uploading it here. Let me know if I missed anything major. :)
Sherlock followed John’s gaze and regarded the big man respectfully. It seemed he was to thank for a large portion of his faithful companion’s personality. John’s carefully controlled rage had been honed and perfected somewhere, and now he knew where, and by whom.
“Both. I was unconscious for a short while yesterday, I’m quite certain they were not gentle with me.” Sherlock said around a groan.
“I mean it, Sherlock. This isn’t my first time. I know what I like. And as long as you’re willing, we’ll be doing this quite a lot in the future." John placed a hand on Sherlock’s thigh and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
"Mm, warn me before taking any pictures then. I don't plan on putting pants on unless I have to." Climbing out of the cab, John made eye contact with the cabbie, who looked more than shocked at how candid his passengers had been during the drive.
“Soft limits,” he continued, “which we can negotiate as we explore together. Things like hot wax, humiliation and public sex or public bondage.” John ran his finger along the rim of his glass, trying to remember if there was anything he’d forgotten.
“She’s probably already on the phone with Mrs Turner,” Sherlock said around a huff of laughter, “asking her when the last time her married ones had sex.”
“Zip now, please. I think we’ve all seen enough of your penis. Then up against the wall, hands above your head.”
John watched, fascinated, as a single beam of sunlight slipped through a crack in the curtain and lit up Sherlock’s face with a golden hue. It transformed his skin from pale and ethereal to a healthy glow, casting him in soft edges and making him appear years younger.
Sherlock returned his attention to the cock still seated against the back of his throat. With a swipe of his tongue and a small amount of suction, he had John panting again. He felt a sharp tug at the base of his skull. Shivering, he realized John had grabbed a fistful of hair and used that along with the door frame to keep himself balanced.
“Fuck me.” John cursed, shaking his head at Sherlock’s pants. “That defeats the entire purpose of pants. What’s the back look like?”
"You mean when you put him in jail," John chuckled, then rolled his eyes at the smirk on Sherlock's face.
“Two young women, who have formed a habit of frequenting the same club, only to fail to show up, and have never been heard from by their friends, both of them missing one friend’s birthday? Absolutely. Kidnapped is my first assumption. I’ll start with D.I. Lestrade, and see if any of his cold cases match their descriptions, which I will need from you. Can you have your bartenders text me a thorough description and any footage you might have of them?”
Sherlock watched John out of the corner of his eye. His partner had not been the same since the previous evening, since the encounter at Lotus. While he trusted John’s instincts, even going as far to admit that they had saved the day on more than one occasion. He couldn’t help but wonder if John was overreacting.
“I have work to do. John, I’ll see you at home. Greg, call me with any updates.” he requested, already walking out the door.
Instead, I saw a man who not only tolerated something most humans will never experience, but you came out the other side a stronger man.”
“You swallow? Oh god,” John said in a deep growl. He grabbed a handful of Sherlock’s hair in his left hand and pulled Sherlock’s face back towards his cock. John wiped the smug smile of satisfaction off of Sherlock’s face by pressing his head against Sherlock’s lips. In a gravelly voice, he commanded, “Suck me off, and swallow every drop.”
Sherlock walked into Scotland Yard with commanding grace. He brushed past reception, hardly acknowledging the young PC who stopped him long enough to pass over the visitor's badge that held permanent residents at the welcome desk.
John spent the entirety of his shift on Wednesday wondering what Sherlock was up to back home. When he’d kissed a still mostly sleeping Sherlock goodbye that morning, he hadn’t then realized that Sherlock hadn’t been joking about the sex attic.
“Mm, of course. I have a few tricks up my sleeve, but we’ll get there. Before that, I need to hear you say you agree that this first week will be for training.”
stop ringing. At first, it had been John, which he’d blatantly ignored. He had told Greg to call with updates. John would just be calling to check up on him.. He knew he’d pay for his choice later, but he couldn’t lose his train of thought, not when the lives of so many rested on his shoulders. However, it didn’t take long for the caller to shift from John to Mycroft. And Mycroft, unlike John, had multiple numbers, all of which he used to call Sherlock in an endless loop.  One call would end and instantly a new one would begin. In a fit of annoyance (rather than throwing his mobile into the Thames), he held down the power button and shut the device off. Twenty minutes later Sherlock stepped out of a narrow back alley and let out a groan at the black car idling patiently up ahead. Part of him wanted to turn heel and walk away, but Mycroft would simply send another car after him. Then an agent with the ability to keep up with him would be deployed. Not wanting Mycroft to learn more about his bolt holes than necessary, he strode forward and pulled open the door.
“Fine, we’ll take him if he’s available.” Sherlock said, but when John arched an eyebrow, he conceded, “fine, we will
Sherlock had been suspiciously quiet after that. John didn’t receive a single text warning him of eyeballs in the microwave or tongues soaking in the bathroom sink. Typically John would have enjoyed the break and the ability to think clearly on his patients and not what horrors waited for him at home. However, this silence left him brimming with intrigue and excitement. As a  result, he caught his attention slipping more than once, wondering what his submissive had up his sleeve.
“When we order Angelo’s, you somehow managed to get me to agree to give you my garlic bread. You steal the last bit of my sauce when we order a curry. Generally, you enjoy carbs, anything loaded with butter, deep-fried, and rich sauces. Comfort food, fatty foods,” John stopped mid-stride, recalling the meal Sherlock had cooked earlier in the week.
Another round of drinks and greasy pup food later, John saw Zed motioning to them from across the room. He downed the last swig of his beer then stood up, reaching out for Sherlock’s hand. “Ready?”
Hopefully, I'll be back soon with another multi-month, multi-chapter fanfic. But I need a bit of time to recharge and think of an idea. I have one churning in the back of my head, but it needs a bit of planning before I let it see the light of day.
Taxi’s with a child who still required a booster seat were less than ideal. It was legal for Rosie to sit on John’s lap in a cab, but the protective father in him didn’t like doing that. They’d appropriated one of Mycroft’s retired town cars not long after John had moved back into the flat. It was safe than the hatchback Mary had picked out and took up less space inside the city. Its black exterior felt fitting as John buckled Rosie in and kissed her forehead before sliding into the passenger seat. Sherlock silently extended his hand, and John took it, weaving their fingers together as they each borrowed strength from the other.
“You don’t know I have this.” He looked up at Lestrade as he slid his gun free of the foam padding, then scooped up two pre-filled magazines.
“I could say something about you being a cock tease, but… God, you’ve just found my prostate.” John moaned through a lazy smile.
working late, or he was out at the pub. Probably the latter, he'd been going to the pub nearly every night since they'd arrived home, doing his best to avoid Sherlock whenever possible. He’d work late, stay out drinking, come back to the flat to sleep and shower. They’d seen each other twice since their flight landed. Sherlock’s heart ached for things to be back to the way they had been. He knew it was his fault, he knew if he stopped seeking out drugs, things would get better again. Though, maybe not with John, that bridge was beyond repair now.
Sherlock set about filling the kettle and selecting the good tea his mother had sent them on her last trip to China. A pleased smile crept over his face while he worked, and he found himself looking forward to their next scene.
“Not sure I like the idea of watching you two having sex.” Greg grumbled over a pint Thursday night.
"Unsurprising,” Sherlock murmured while reaching back and lifting the hair at the base of his skull, “I remember being pulled about by my collar."
“You’re right.” John nodded once then scrubbed his palm over his face. “Right. Where’s Lestrade? Is he here yet?”
The rest of the ride passed by quickly enough, and thankfully it wasn’t long before John was standing outside their front door and fishing in his pocket for his keys. The door was dark, indicating that Mrs. Hudson had gone to sleep, so it was quiet feet that carried them up the stairs.
John let out a grunt of acceptance, then suddenly his hands stopped soothing their way across Sherlock’s thighs. One strong hand wrapped around the base of Sherlock’s cock and began working in tandem with John’s mouth. While the other slid down past Sherlock’s balls, over his perineum and along the crease. When he next pulled off Sherlock’s cock for breath he nodded his head over towards the side table.
then?” He swiped the back of his hand over his mouth, catching a dribble of water, then cocked his head at John.
His reflection had no answer, so with a soft sigh, he headed back into the kitchen to put the finishing touches on the meal.
"One of John's requirements is I be respectful and not needlessly endanger myself. Taking your common complaints that I never do things by the book, it wasn’t hard to draw the conclusion that asking you for assistance in this matter would be respectful."  As he spoke, Sherlock fingered the leather bracelet adorning his wrist, sliding his fingers over the metal plate that declared his status as John's submissive. "I want these girls home safe," he admitted after a moment, "and I recognize the red tape you must go through during an investigation."
“If I may be honest, I don’t relish the idea of wearing a chain around my neck. Are there any other options?”
“Oh? Are these my new sex attic trousers,” John asked with a smirk, turning his face to press a kiss against Sherlock’s cheek.
“I won’t ask you to be a sex slave; that’s not what I want. I don’t do this for the sex alone. For me, that’s just a happy benefit. If you do this with me and want a relationship, I want a partner with whom I can share a mutual kink. I will not attempt to boss you around outside of our scenes save for if we attend Lotus together as a couple. If you want something more permanent while we’re here,” he gestured to the flat at large, “I’m more than willing, though we’ll need to set up some clear boundaries, even going as far as formulating a contract of sorts.”
“You’re pushing your luck,” Sherlock said in a threatening growl, though his body betrayed him and pushed into John’s nuzzling even as he let out a content sigh.
“I’ll put them in with my unmentionables.” She said with a twinkle, taking the biscuits and getting the door.
Ignoring the other voice in his head, the one that sounded suspiciously like John, Sherlock withdrew the kit from beneath the sink in the bathroom and withdrew a hyperdynamic needle and an elastic band before replacing the kit exactly as he’d found it.
Once they were inside, and they’d managed to get a handle on their giggles, John pulled Sherlock into his arms. Leaning up to leave a trail of kisses along Sherlock’s jaw, John whispered, “I think we should find the bedroom,
Time ticked by slowly, murmurs from the crowd over who they thought would win rose until a friendly debate was in full works. Out of the corner of John’s eye, he could see Lydia’s face begin to twist in discomfort. To his immense pride, Sherlock’s eyes were still ablaze with energetic resolve, and aside from the occasional twitch of his fingers, he remained steady. Sharing a smile, John gave his submissive nod of encouragement. Two minutes turned into five, and then, as they approached the seven-minute mark, Lydia let out a frustrated growl, and the word “Red!” slipped from her lips.
John let Sherlock sulk while he put the rest of the groceries away and made lunch for himself. Taking his plate to the table, he sat and picked uneasily at his sandwich. His jest had been made in good humor, and at a glance, it seemed that Sherlock had taken it well. But something about the closed door at the end of the hall made his shoulders tighten and his jaw clench.
“Don’t make promises you can’t keep,” Sherlock said with a roll of his eyes, a slight smirk twisting the corners of his lips into a smile. He sat up and placed a hand on John’s thigh. Looking him straight in the eyes he let out a deep breath and said, “Thank you.”
“He has your habit of being unable to sit still and simply wait, John,” Mycroft said around an appreciative smile. “From my understanding, he’d managed to get ahold of Lestrade after we left the strip mall. Lestrade apparently wanted company, and Zed was more than happy to provide it.
“You’ve smudged your makeup.” Licking his thumb John reached over and brushed it against the underside of Sherlock’s eyes smoothing out the black eyeliner. “There, that’s better.”
"Yeah, anything you need," Elvio said, taking a chalk pencil out of his pocket. "Mark the spots and I'll get it done."
“You don’t have to be inside the club with us, I just…” John halted, his eyes boring into the surface of his beer for a long moment, “if it goes pear-shaped again, I’ll need you.”
Sherlock sat straight up, placing a hand on John’s chest he pushed John away from him with a quick shove. He was on his feet in an instant, not even bothering to reach for his pants he headed bare-arse out of the bedroom for their cases. Returning a moment later with the collar he checked the box to ensure the key was inside, then turned to John.
"Jesus I didn't even think to look…" John cursed as he bent down and carefully used the handkerchief to scoop up the syringe. The man hadn't been wearing gloves, so with any luck, they could pull prints off the syringe.
Sherlock stood before him, bathed in the light from the hall, and held his hands out. While very similar to the last outfit Sherlock had worn, this one took the cake. It was a honeycomb fishnet bodysuit, that was more
“Hmm, I guess you might need help,” He considered, and strong hands gripped Sherlock by the elbows. Sherlock tensed his muscles and allowed John to help lower him onto his knees.
“Curious about the lifestyle, but not willing to commit,” Sherlock stated softly, having once been there, he understood.
Sherlock sighed and arched his back further as John’s thumb began moving in a small circle. John replaced his thumb with his middle finger, the extra reach allowing him to press lightly against Sherlock’s prostate. Sherlock’s whole body trembled at the first touch, then he let out a pleased cry.
"I'm just surprised, that's all," Greg said after his heart had a chance to return to a normal rhythm. "
"No, but he didn't know that," Sherlock admitted as he pushed the front door open with his hip. "The look on his face was priceless."
“Cock,” John mumbled with no real fight in him. While having a wet neck wasn’t something he considered a requirement for sleeping, having Sherlock beside him had quickly become one.
Back at the Yard, they found John already waiting in Lestrade’s office. Sherlock bustled in,  laptop and charger in hand and took one look around the room.
John was the first to throw his flower into the grave once the casket had been lowered. Rosie came next, throwing two roses and waving
FUCK IT. It's Friday somewhere... Posting this early because I'm REALLY excited for you guys to read this chapter
“Perhaps,” Sherlock nodded slowly and moved his face so John could no longer see his expression. “Before you came into my life, it had been a while since I’d felt affection from anyone other than my mother. Mycroft only cares about keeping me under control to maintain his high status and unblemished image. Having an addict for a baby brother was a hard blow to his ego, and while he fronted the bill, it was not done out of kindness. I have, of course, entered into a few short term agreements with a few doms, but they were never bred out of affection.”
He became a softer version of himself as if the bolts of fabrics and tailored suits somehow absorbed the rough edges in Sherlock’s personality. It also surprised him at just how many shop owners knew Sherlock by name, knew his measurements without consulting a computer and knew exactly what he liked. As for himself, John found that he was a challenge for even Sherlock’s most qualified tailor. No one seemed able to settle on a style for him.
Sherlock looked up and regarded his partner with an apologetic gaze. He'd been well aware that John only agreed to this plan because he'd held out hope that another option would crop up. But now, with even Mycroft at a dead end, he watched that fire of hope die in John's eyes.
The metal was warm thanks to John’s palm, so it didn't come as an icy shock when John slipped the chain over his head. The tags settled against his sternum, just over his heart. Sherlock reached up and fingered the discs as if they were as fragile as ice, not steel.
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock said a moment later when John had cleaned him off with a tissue and tossed the condom in the bin beside Sherlock’s bed. “For treating me with such care and attention. You’re the first partner to treat me like a person, not just a hole to be used.”
“Yeah, she would have. She told us we could become anything we wanted. I told her I’d be a scientist and cure cancer. That always made her smile, even if it was a sad smile.”
“Good god, you’ve turned into my mother,” John joked, his giggles impeding his ability to talk without his voice cracking. “She’d also serve mash with onion gravy. We only ever ate the broccoli under threat of being grounded.”
“If you think flirting with me is going to make me forget how bossy you were while collared,” John began, giving Sherlock’s arse a quick slap. Not hard, but just hard enough to make the plug shift and Sherlock squeak.
A giant thank you to Saratonin for stepping in as a beta for me about halfway through this fic. The mention above about me needing a beta to help with POV was me chastising myself for mistakes made before Sara stepped in. Sara has been instrumental at helping me with ideas and catching stupid word slipups (Like when instead of went and other stupid slips of my fingers)
“Alright, wearing the collar out? Or would you rather take it off until we get there?” John asked a short while later, once they were both dressed and patting themselves down, checking for wallets, keys, and other required items. (John was currently in possession  of both wallets, thanks to Sherlock’s distinct lack of pockets.)
“Christ,” John laughed as he pushed himself up from the wall and stuffed himself back inside his trousers. “Come on, put yourself away and let’s head home. You’re going to need some sleep before we use every inch of our new room.”
“I’m beginning to understand,” Sherlock said cautiously, wondering if he would have the strength to carry on in a world where John Watson’s light was extinguished.
He buried his nose in John's thigh and inhaled deeply, committing to memory the notes of earth and musk. This was a moment he never wanted to forget, a slice in time that would be immortalized within the walls of his mind palace for as long as he lived.
“That would be disastrous.” Sherlock laughed, imagining the texts that would pass between their siblings. “But he left, without saying anything?”
“Oh, right,” John sat back down, aware that having two men hovering around him the instant he entered the flat might come across as rude.
“You’d experiment on our dog.” John laughed as he pictured what life in 221B would be like with a dog. “Maybe when we retire and have a cottage with a garden. London is no place for a dog.”
“Take my robe; it will be more comfortable,” Sherlock offered, slipping out from the blankets. He stood and followed John’s lead, stretching his back and arms, wincing when muscles he hadn’t used in some time made their discomfort known.
Sherlock began toying his tongue slowly along the underside of the shaft in his mouth. He applied no real amount of suction, nor did he bob his head. He simply knelt there, gliding his tongue left and right, flicking it up once just far enough that he felt the groves of John’s glans, before sliding back down to the base.
"You love it, don't bother pretending you don't. But John is right. I need to look over the room we'll be in once more, to make sure everything is in order before the club opens."
“Faster, harder, dam it all, give me more, Sherlock!” John cried while reaching up and dragging his nails across the span of Sherlock’s back. “God yes, like that,” he moaned when Sherlock abandoned the slow and torturous pace for something with speed and urgency.
to its core? Would he suggest they head home for a private discussion of their needs and wants? Would it be a single episode? Or something more?
at the end,” he spoke in a soft voice, letting go of Sherlock’s wrist so he could use both hands to unlock the clasp on the bracelet. “Typically, I don’t let my subs use it, but with you, I want you to. I trust you’ll know when it’s appropriate.”
“My, aren’t you ambitious,” Sherlock smirked, stepping close and using his natural height to tower over John. “I think I’ll start with the window. Once your cock starts dripping against the glass I’ll bend you over my chair and have you until you’re begging for mercy. Do you think the mantle is the right height for you to lean on?”
“Oh…” Sherlock’s eyes went wide, his mind drifting to the unopened package sitting on the kitchen table. “Should I go get it?”
“Whatever you need from us, Mycroft,” Sherlock said firmly, “we’ll help. I started this, and I intend to finish it.”
“Nothing happened, he said nothing, and I bored him to death,” John answered, his eyes twinkling with smug satisfaction. “As soon as you shut your door, he turned to me and just
“Excuse me?” Sherlock’s jaw hung open in surprise at John’s boldness. The sun was still kissing the horizon, making shadows long but not washing them in darkness.
Beady black eyes peered out of the crowd, turning John’s heart and stomach to pure ice. Nearly losing his erection, he tightened his hand on Sherlock’s hair in a prearranged signal. John closed his eyes and pushed all thought of Moriarty aside. This, after all, was the reason they were here.
” She added with a sly wink before turning to look at the computer screen once more. “Zed’s in tonight. There’s a note here saying he was looking for you. You’ll find him either behind the bar or playing with his ropes.”
This is like the 5th time I've edited these damned notes LOL. If you spot any typos in the fic please let me know. I'll admit that I'm practically blind to typos after reading over a chapter umpteen times. I'm trying hard to catch them all, but I'm only human.
“What do you want?” John asked Sherlock as he hungrily watched Sherlock remove his clothing. Each article of clothing was then meticulously folded and placed in a tidy pile by the door. Nodding his approval John pulled his own shirt off and gave it to Sherlock to fold.
The cab ride to Lotus was uneventful, aside from the short clips of giggles that burst out of their chests whenever they caught the cab driver staring at Sherlock. “Problem?” Sherlock had drawled after ten minutes had gone by. The driver shook his head emphatically, then had looked straight out of the windscreen for the rest of the drive.
“Of course.” Sherlock gave Jesper a scathing look as if wearing anything but heels had been completely out of the question.
Sherlock stood with his arms crossed across his chest with his shoulders pressed against the wall. To a basic observer, he appeared relaxed; but John knew the look for what it was. A man coiled and ready to strike. According to Zed, Sherlock had arrived here first, which meant Sherlock had watched him enter the club.
“Paige, please,” She sighed, offering them both a tight-lipped smile. It wasn’t unkind, but stress shattered any semblance of social niceties.
“If you enjoyed this, I’d happily do it again,” John said without hesitation. “I enjoyed it far more than I thought I would.”
“Most men would be flattered,” Sherlock stated cautiously. John blinked through the haze of alcohol and noticed that Sherlock seemed pleased.
I love when John tells me that Sherlock needs something. I felt it in the last chapter, but I wasn't listening, I was too busy making them use their new room. Sherlock needed this as much as John did, and luckily for him John fucking LOVES being on the receiving end.
“Is that a challenge, Captain?” Sherlock asked smugly, detecting the hint of arousal in John’s features. The blush on his face wasn’t from the beer, as it sat still untouched between them.
“We haven’t even talked about compensation,” Paige said, standing and glancing from John to Sherlock, who was already halfway out the door. Sherlock retreated and stood a few inches in front of her, blocking her view of John, not liking the way her shoes gave her an inch on John’s slight frame.
“Yeah? You feel so good around me, so tight,” John purred, his eyes roaming from Sherlock’s hand to the point of their connection. “Okay if I move faster?”
“Which is why I put a note on your profile that I wanted to speak with you if you ever showed your face here again.” An amused smile crossed Zed’s face at John’s confusion. “As far as I’m aware, you’ve never exercised your right to invite anyone, then that posh bloke shows up and randomly drops your name?” Zed spread his arms out wide and shrugged. “We tried calling you, but we only had a landline on file for you. Hell, I even tried sending you a letter in the post. Thought about kicking his skinny arse out once or twice, but couldn’t find a reason. He never caused any issues and was always quiet or kept to himself.”
“Anything else you would like me to add, or should we leave it open-ended for now? We can always see what we’re missing throughout the week and make a list of new rules to go over next week.” John drew a line under the last rule when Sherlock simply shrugged. “We’ll start small. I don’t want to overdo it or overwhelm either of us. We’ll revisit this at the end of our trial ‘period.” Skipping a line, he wrote a single word in all caps.
“Over the next seven days, I want you to watch for any areas you either want or don’t want me to have control over. Generally, this period will be to explore, refine, and enjoy.” John looked to  Sherlock, who nodded approvingly. “I have to admit; I’m rather excited to work on our contract for next week.” John grinned, putting the pen and paper down on the coffee table. “This one is rather lackluster, doesn’t go into detail on names, expectancies, or anything like that, but it's good to start with. At the very least, it gives us a few guidelines to build upon.”
They were just heading out to put Sherlock's cockamamie plan into action when Sherlock received an update from his brother. Scanning the email sent by Anthea, his brother's PA, Sherlock couldn’t help but feel frustrated.
Okay, so this chapter got away from me. It's just over 11k words. But I couldn't find a good place to split it.
“You each have your partners.” Mycroft said just before dismissing the team, “While I would appreciate
“Yeah, I mean…” John chewed on his bottom lip then shrugged, “that’s what I am, right? Your boyfriend? Life partner, significant other, other half, bae?”
"Oh. Oh, right." John stammered. He looked around and found themselves parked along the road in a quaint business district. It was a mixture of new age shops, the kind that sold incense and healing crystals, and what John could only describe as
“I got there in time, love,” John assured him gently, while inwardly thankful that Sherlock couldn’t remember the night. “We have a few hours before your brother said he’d stop by.”
“Fucking sexy,” John growled, reaching out to place his hands on Sherlock’s hips. He ran his thumbs over Sherlock’s bare hip bones then decided to play Sherlock’s game. It was a mental exercise intended to draw his mind away from his worries, he knew that. But still, he couldn’t resist.
“Yes, I get it, you don’t want me to see you until you’re fully dressed…” John smiled, some of the anxiety sliding off his shoulders when he saw the excited look in Sherlock’s eyes. Whatever happened tonight, Sherlock was determined to have a good time. After all, John was giving him a night of semi-public sex, and he intended to enjoy every second of it.
He experimented with slow licks, soft swipes of his tongue, and levels of suction. Quickly finding that, quite like when John had been stroking himself, he prefers light at the tip, with a firm touch around the base.
“Absolutely never… Huh.” John pondered out loud as he changed into more comfortable clothing, “So, you wanted a secretary. Couldn’t Mycroft have helped?” On a whim, he picked up the shoebox that had once been under his bed, tucked it under his arm, and stepped out of the room.
“I never want you to feel as if you cannot look at me. I know some Doms require no eye contact, but I don’t want that. I want to see you, but most of all, I want
“That is an image I cannot wait to delete." Sherlock scowled, his thoughts dominated by images of his brother mid-coitus. At a gentle touch from John, however, his thoughts cleared.
“Moriarty said he wanted you pliant and submissive. He said he didn’t care how, just to get it done.” the man said as he pulled his cock out of the flap in his pants. “I bet he’d love to watch this though, should I record it? Send him a video of our first session so he can see how you cried like a little bitch?”
“Wrist,” John said. He stuffed one of the two cuffs between his knees, then took Sherlock’s right hand in his.He unlocked Sherlock’s leather bracelet, then replaced it with the cuff. As he fastened the second cuff on, he nodded. A plan forming in his mind. “Mm, that sounds plausible. Basic punishments would still apply, but no strikes towards earning your final collar. How about we pick a day once this case is over.”
“Yeah, but why was Zed there?” John asked, not understanding how Zed had gotten from the nightclub to the hospital. Or why.”
“Just a moment, ta.” John nodded towards the club owner, then squatted down in front of Sherlock, bracing himself with one hand on Sherlock’s thigh. He spoke quickly. “Ropes are going here, here, and across here.” He said, dragging a finger along Sherlock’s hip bone and between his thighs. “I’ll split the rope like a harness, so it doesn’t squash your bits. Just uh… tuck them up while I’m working, yeah?”
“If you wish, or for however long each day you want. We’ll need to be open and honest about our limits. Some days I might need a break, others you will, and we’ll both have to respect that.”
” A small laugh escaped Greg’s lips as he shook his head. “I might not be as smart as Sherlock, but I can put two and two together. I am a sodding Detective after all.”
“John,” Sherlock began as they buckled themselves in. “You understand why we must do it this way? Don’t you?”
John wondered, deciding to err on the side of caution. If this were for a case, he didn’t want to blow Sherlock’s cover. While on the other hand, if Sherlock was being genuine, he didn’t want to spook him.
Running his palms down over his jacket, he tugged at the hem, then felt around his back, tucking in the loose ends of his shirt. He hadn’t worn this suit since Harry’s wedding. Back then, he had deemed it posh and pristine, but after months of living with Sherlock and his elegant suits, he now felt like an imposter playing the part of a well-dressed man.
“Jesus, John. When you put it that way. Yeah, of course I’ll be there. I want this bastard just as much as you do.” Tilting his pint up in the air, Greg downed the last half of the beer, then glanced at the bartender. “One more… if I’m going to be out with you guys all night, I might as well sleep in tomorrow.”
However, that worked for John. It meant while the building was in chaos, he could slip in and use the upheaval to his advantage. He could search for Sherlock while everyone else, hopefully, did the shooting. The van came to a halting stop to the sound of not too distant gunfire. Unbuckling as quickly as he could, John turned to Greg and gripped his arm.“Stay on my six. Whatever happens, stay with me. I won't stop until I find him.”
He thought briefly, then dismissed it. There were more important things to worry about than his jealousy over John getting attention from someone other than himself.
“Why not?” Greg shrugged and motioned through his glass walls to the mass of officers now assigned to the case, “I’ve been granted overtime, text the information over to me, I’ll see if anything turns up.”
“Baker Street,” John called to the driver as he climbed in after Sherlock, “At least it isn’t pigs blood.”
“John…” Sherlock breathed. His finger twitched reflexively, the movement drawing out a sharp cry of pleasure, causing Sherlock to watch in awe as John began riding his finger.
Out on the pavement, John whistled while stuffing his hands into his pockets. Zed sat in his vintage Triumph Spitfire. Making the best sunny weather, he’d taken the top off and was basking in the sun with a pair of shades perched at the end of his nose. Looking over the brims, he grinned up at John and patted the dash.
"Jesus, Mary and Joseph," Zed said after letting out a slow whistle. Looking the couple over from head to toe he shook his head and grinned. "You two are out for blood tonight, aren't you?"
"It's either that or allow you to be a cock tease." Sherlock retorted while slowly pushing down on John's cock, stopping when the first hint of pain made him wince. "Hm. That's my limit, I think."
Pain flashed down Sherlock’s skull and into the base of his spine. His senses were on overdrive now, thanks to the cocaine and the man’s grip is not gentle. He watched, horrified, as the man used his free hand to undo his trousers. However the man is not coordinated enough to manage the simple task with one hand, so he released his grip on Sherlock’s hair and undid his button with both hands.
But as he sat there, searching for the words that would thoroughly berate Mycroft for thinking so little of his brother, he saw another series of emotions flicker across his face before his usual mask obscured them. Sorrow, pity, and something that John could only categorize as acceptance. It was the same look his CO used to get when a tough choice needed to be made.
When we’re in a scene, I do expect respect, and any backtalk or flat refusal to obey will be punished.”
Above him, John began a broken litany of praise and swears. Sherlock calculated that what came out of John’s mouth was 40% swear words, 50%
"Good. I'm afraid my brother will try to play the part of a hero. He'll try to take down Moriarty without dragging anyone else into his web. Including you. Sherlock might pull away, might distance himself from you. As much as it will hurt, John I need you to allow this. Allow Sherlock to think he's succeeding in facing Moriarty alone." Mycroft gave John an apologetic smile as the former army captain came to terms with his implications.
“You’re mad,” Sherlock whispered, though his hands flew to his zip even as heat prickled between his shoulder blades. He lowers his zip and undoes the single button, then opens the fabric just enough to show John a hint of metal. The fire he sees in John’s eyes goes straight to his cock, leaving Sherlock panting and blinking through a haze of arousal.
“Easier said than done,” John grumbled, climbing out of the back seat. He joined Sherlock, leaning his back against the side of the car while looking up at the flats above the store. They don’t have to wait long. Within minutes Greg is exiting the building with a worried-looking woman at his heels.
“You’re good together,” Zed said after the ropes and chairs had been put away, and the four of them huddled together. “You can read each other well. That goes a long way in this world.”
“The part where Moriarty will probably be there, watching you orgasm,” John growled out as he stuck his finger into the bottom half of the exposed pipe.
“After Papa gives his little speech, you can chase them,” Sherlock promised. He took her hand, and together they followed John towards the freshly dug hole in the ground.
John hardly had time to smile or nod in agreement before Sherlock rose on his knees and pressed their lips together.
“If we had lube, I’d fuck you.” John’s words sent a rush of excitement coursing through Sherlock. He was half tempted to push John away and ask to finish this at home where they had lube. But before he could make up his mind, John was stepping forward, pinning him to the wall with his hips. He’d somehow undone his fly without Sherlock realizing it, allowing the bare skin of his cock to push up against Sherlock.
Needing a distraction, Sherlock was just about to suggest they go upstairs (by removing all his clothing and heading upstairs to wait for John) when the doorbell rang. He shared a look with John, who simply pursed his lips and shrugged.
He caught sight of his reflection in the mirror on his way out and paused. He traced the length of scarlet rope around his neck with one finger. Worried that a client might show up, John had left the key to the collar on top of his laptop with the stipulation that if Sherlock required it, he was to send a text.
“Sherlock! I’m going to… Oh god,” John cried, his whole body tensing before he went completely still. Sherlock continued to thrust inside of him with abandon, milking John for everything he had. Roughly five seconds went by before John pulled himself out of his frozen state of pleasure. His cock twitched in the empty air, and his balls drew up tight. He began to shake, every muscle and nerve ending overly sensitized as he came hard, his come hitting the duvet below in milky white puddles.
“When your arms or shoulders get sore,” John continued as if he hadn’t heard Sherlock, “Drop the Captain and use Sir, and we’ll switch up the position.
“Did I say that, Sir? Or are you putting words in my mouth to justify punishing me?” Sherlock leaned forward over the table and added in a low whisper, “You can put something else in my mouth if you’d like.” Sherlock laughed when John responded by shutting his mouth so fast his teeth came together with an audible click.
"Unfortunately he covers his tracks well, other than Sisk and Walthen mentioning his name, we have no evidence that would stand up in a court of law to hold him. I held him for as long as I could. We had some interesting chats. But he's clever, never incriminated himself with his words or actions."
“I know, my love,” Sherlock said softly, stepping close and soothing his hands along John’s arms. “But we have people counting on us.”
“The itch for more is there, like a mosquito bite that won't be soothed, but I can ignore it. Well, not ignore it. Shut it down. One look at John, and the life we’ve built, and my desire to not muck it up becomes more powerful than the need for my next hit. I can’t promise it will continue to be this easy, but for now, it is manageable.”
He told himself as he traversed down a narrow hall that opened up to a small room where a young lady dressed in a latex bodysuit that hugged her frame in
“God, you were,” John said as the evening air hit his face making him feel alive, “The collar, the trousers, your fucking endurance. I was so proud, Sherlock, still am.”
Their tongues met in a wet clash of writhing muscles. John vaguely heard Sherlock pop the cover off the bottle, and when a slick finger slid across his perineum and across his hole, he shivered against Sherlock’s lips.
, Sherlock Holmes, was the sole desire of a man as wonderful and caring as John Watson. A single whimper escaped his lips, his eyes flashed wide, searching John’s face in the shadows for signs of disappointment, but all he saw was hunger in those dark eyes.
“Doubtful, John. Her body was never found, and Hope was anything but secretive. Plus, Paige is here now, which means it’s happened again. Hope is dead, and unless this Moriarty has enlisted another murderous cabbie.No, we’re looking at something else.”
“You’re stronger than your addiction. You’re smarter than Moriarty. And for Christ’s sake, I haven’t left you.”
“You’re not leaving my bloody sight until this is over,” John spoke up, his hand tightening on Sherlock’s leg. “And you will answer the damn phone of yours from now on. I nearly shat myself thinking something had happened.”
“You can stop right there,” John spun on the man, curling his lip up into a snarl. He planted his feet apart and squared his shoulders. The other man might be taller, but John knew how to make the most of his body. Channeling every ounce of control and command he had, John set his jaw. Pointing a fist in Sherlock’s direction, he growled, “You do not make assumptions. Not here, not ever. Sissy boy, as I assume you were about to say unwisely, is not something you throw around lightly. By doing so, you degrade the meaning for those who enjoy it, turning it into a slur for beautiful men. My submissive is not yours to fantasise over. Now leave before I make you leave.”
“No, John,” Sherlock husked out. Letting go of John’s thigh, he reached down and gently pulled John’s fist from his mouth. “Let me hear you, talk to me. Say my name.”
The crowd parted for the two men, and they crossed the room hand in hand. On the other side, against the wall, Zed had set up a small platform, roughly two meters by two meters. On it sat two crude wooden chairs.
“This way,” John called, taking off at a trot towards the flat. After a short distance, John stopped short and spun to face Sherlock. “Back against the wall, and I want your hands tucked away behind your back.”
“Erm, no. Black, like always, destined to wander, that’s me.” John’s brows furrowed in mild confusion, but before he had time to dwell on his confusion, or ask why white, Zed was dragging him towards the bar.
“Yes, it would appear both girls were targeted.” Sherlock said absently, “John, can you text me that photo of Sisk? I need to circulate it through my network. Someone must know something about him, where he’s staying, who he’s shagging, if he frequents the same restaurant.”
The flowers had been the owner Zed’s way of creating a visual link to his guest’s needs and desires while within his walls. If you were caught coming onto anyone with a purple rose, you would be kicked out immediately without being given a chance to explain yourself. Likewise, anyone with a black rose had to wait until a guest with a red rose approached them; that way, the submissives were allowed to feel safe. People wearing white were in their own class. Typically they were here as a bonded couple, enjoying a night out and left alone by most.
“So you’ve said before. Git.” John said fondly, swapping Sherlock’s now warm foot for the cold one. “Any luck then, with her computer?”
“First three orgasms,” Sherlock said, raising the stakes a bit. “We need to draw this out. John could have me on the floor in a puddle of my own come within minutes.”
Something moved in the alley below, drawing Sherlock’s attention away from the cars. A lonely cat ran agilely over the top of a fence, then jumped down to sunbathe on a metal bin.
It wasn’t unlikely that he could have slipped past the check-in point, both nights had been busy, and Zed didn’t charge an entrance fee. So there would be no need to stop a single man if he had entered with a party or with someone he was pretending to be with. Sherlock had first wondered how Zed managed to keep the club afloat, but a quick look at the price of drinks and food answered that. Plus, those who had been singing karaoke had needed to produce a raffle ticket to get on stage; no doubt Zed charged a small fee for that.
Smirking, Sherlock stepped away from the door and glanced at himself in the mirror. Seeing his collar in his reflection, he was about to ask John to remove it when a familiar voice drifted up the stairs.
John started just above Sherlock’s knees. Bringing the flogger down just hard enough to cause a pleasant snap to settle over the crowd of onlookers. Sherlock let out a deep moan then arched his back impossibly more as John worked his way up his legs. When John got to Sherlock’s arse, he walked to Sherlock’s side and stuck the handle of the flogger between Sherlock’s teeth.
“I understand, and that is fair.” Sherlock nodded enthusiastically and sighed in relief. “Thank you, John.”
“Hello, I’m a connoisseur of comfort foods,” John quipped, sticking out his hand and jovially shaking Sherlock’s, “nice to meet you.”
“Do you trust me?” he asked softly, sliding his finger along the underside of Sherlock’s chin. With a small amount of pressure, he coaxed Sherlock’s eyes from the book to look up and meet his gaze.
“Oh. Oh, right.” John stretched out a hand, gently taking Sherlock’s chin in his sturdy fingers. He wanted to suggest that they take their contract and put it into practice. He never got the chance. He’d only just opened his mouth when Sherlock’s whole body went stiff, and he let out a huff of frustration.
“A seven percent solution, just as you like it, Sherlock. Compliments of Jim Moriarty.” The man said as he grabbed hold of both of Sherlock’s wrists and yanked him from the car.
“What’s the plan once your brother gets back to us?” John asked once Sherlock had sat down beside him and stolen half his paper. Thankfully, the half that John had finished reading.
“Locky, we don’t torture clothing, no matter how ugly, we burn them respectfully. Though,” Jesper grimaced as he watched John put his jumper back on, “I might make an exception for that one. It’s a square, it makes you look like a sheep who’s gone and rolled around until his fleece is nothing but matted with dung.”
He paused, his throat suddenly parched, then reached across the space between them and plucked John’s glass from his hands. The water was cool against his tongue, and it helped clear the slight fog and dizziness from the whisky. When the glass was empty, he placed it on the table beside John's chair and asked, “Did I miss anything? Oh, yes, please do limit the humiliation. It bothers me. Also, I’m clean, as I know you are. Part of Mycroft’s stipulation to me living on my own, with my ‘
“Well, you know what I always say,” Zed started to ask but was cut off by John lifting his head to the sky and shouting.
“Right, pass me your cuffs then.” John demanded, “We left your collar downstairs, so get my tags out as well.”
“Taking your age and health into account, I would estimate your refractory period to be somewhere between seventeen and twenty-two minutes. Meaning, if you orgasm now, you can spend the next twenty or so minutes punishing me for my subordinate behaviour, then before you know it, you’ll be ready to go again.” Sherlock drawled, sounding bored like he was reading from a textbook, though there was a glimmer of something John couldn’t quite deduce in his eyes.
"Used to be a supply room for the dance hall that was here. It held chairs and stuff. We knocked this whole front wall out, and put this in," he said, motioning to the raised platform. On which sat two round ottomans. Each was large enough for a person to kneel comfortably on. "These should work, yeah?" He asked, watching as Sherlock started to circle the platform.
"Git." John half-laughed, but he handed his mobile over to Sherlock while his laugh morphed into a moan.
Moriarty gave Sherlock’s nipples one more rough pinch before carrying himself off that platform and through the crowd. John watched as he left the building then turned to see how Sherlock was doing.
“I imagine Sherlock could manage to hide a body with remarkable ease,” Mycroft’s lips twisted up into something that could very easily be mistaken for a smile. The look of momentary amusement relaxed John as new understanding hit him.
the right places stood behind a tall podium. She looked up as John approached her and flashed him a smile that was more dimple than cheek.
Sherlock smirked in agreement, happy as always for a chance to show off. Much to the room's delight, he held the position with ease as John removed the rope harness and undid the rest of the bindings.
“Annoying, as always.” John huffed, setting the bags down on the table. He raised his eyebrows and glanced over at Sherlock, who had moved to his chair and was plucking at his violin. “You cleaned.”
“And Theodore?” John asked, looking up from the notebook he’d taken out to jot down notes in. “Haven’t seen him since last month. He used to be in here weekly, loved suspension sex.” Elvio provided.
John’s first real display of possessiveness rushed over Sherlock. He felt dizzy, overcome by the power of his Dom; from the knowledge that
“Why? What did Mycroft say?” Sherlock asked after straightening back up. Giving John an appraising look, he nodded towards the worktop. “You double bag when you shop so you don’t have a bag split on you while walking home.”
“We just went to the shops.” John groaned, scratching the back of his neck as he closed the refrigerator door for the fourth time. “Yet, everything is gone, and not because it spoiled, and I had to throw it out.” Continuing to scratch the back of his neck, John gave a slight shrug and furrowed his brows. Thanks to their agreement, Sherlock was eating more, but still, it felt as if they’d gone through an awful lot of food for just seven days.
Leaning his back against the chair, he sat and idly fingered the collar around his neck. He soon became lost inside his mind palace walls and was jolted back to reality when a gentle hand touched his shoulder.
"Seldom," Declared Zed with confidence, "not to brag or anything. My staff is amazing. They take pride in what we do."
this pair did the exact opposite. An opening in the front allowed for Sherlock’s cock and balls to simply hang free. As Sherlock turned for a second time, John saw that there was a similar opening in the back. “It’s for fucking on the go.”
“Oh thank Christ,” John smiled, then withdrew the key to Sherlock’s current collar. Taking the red cord off from around Sherlock’s neck he laughed as he placed it down on the table. “Every damn time that collar matches your outfit, we’re taking it off of you and exchanging it for something else.”
The contraband burned a hole in his pocket. With every scuff of his feet against the pavement, the urge to use consumed him. Twice, he nearly dipped his finger into the powder, there in his pocket, thinking he could rub just enough on his gums to hold him over. Both times he stopped short, his finger trembling with desire.
“Well, Zed and I used to have this act, if you will. We’d see who could perform certain knots and binding faster. I’m a bit rusty, so he’s agreed this time it will be a friendly contest. You can say no, though, and we can sit it out.”
“But I’m not collared right now, so what does that make me?” Sherlock asked as he stood and began removing his clothing.
“Genius, specializing in analyzing human behaviours.” Zed grinned, waving both of the attempts at an apology and glancing down at his cuticles. “I’ve been following your work, Mr. Holmes. It’s quite fascinating to see in person.”
“If you two are quite finished, I already have the kettle on,” Mycroft called out, his voice tinged with amusement.
“This is a game to you,” John groaned. He half-turned away from Sherlock, then blew out a breath before turning back and accepting the challenge. “Yes, it is. Right. You always steal my egg rolls, sausages, the last bit of toast with
Sherlock divested himself of his clothing in what seemed like mere seconds while still managing to place them neatly over the back of the chair. Sherlock procured lube and a condom from the side table without wasting much time, then returned to hovering over John on the bed.
“We could, if you would like, consider this to be your first step in training. If we agree to continue at the end of the week, we can upgrade you to the next collar.”
While unpacking the groceries, John relayed the highlights of his chat with Mycroft. Sherlock stood silently in the doorway, eyebrows furrowed and fingering his collar while he listened. John shrugged when he finished, and with a sigh, added, “He does realize everything he says to me
“Some things never change,” Greg muttered with a small smile as he followed the younger man to his car.
Sherlock watched hungrily while John teased himself. He noticed how John favored a light touch along his head, with a more robust grip around the base, and filed the information away for later use.
“Which way?” Greg asked as he swivelled his head, looking up and down the long hall in both directions. “Looks like… it was storage once.”
“Nonsense, John. First, we need breakfast, then I’m going to pin you against a wall and have my way with you. Seeing you failed to collar me before I left the bedroom, I plan to make full use of my free time. How many different surfaces do you think I can have you on before neither of us can get it up anymore?”
Sherlock flipped his mobile in the air in smug satisfaction. He’d placed the order for both items earlier that morning, but what John didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him. He’d known, the moment he found both items that John would approve, but it had dawned on him halfway through the day (as he was working on Mrs. Hudson’s sink) that with their new status, it would most likely be wise to run any purchases like that past John.
“You’ve seen the worst of humanity, John, and still you have a kind heart.” Sherlock slipped off the chair and knelt on the floor before John. Your submissive or not, I am thankful to be here with you. Until yesterday, I was willing to simply exist in the same space as you. Should you decide that a relationship with me is not what you want, I will go back to being happy with that.”
Sherlock felt the forgotten needle slide out of his skin, then heard it clatter to the floor somewhere on the other side of the room.
achieve subspace without an orgasm, though it is difficult to find a Dom willing to lend aid to that end.”
Tears flowed out of him like hot acid. His body convulsed as the sobs ripped through him, battering him around like a lifeboat floating on a stormy sea. His fits of upheaval cause his face to twitch against his captor, and he could feel the man’s cock hardening beneath his cheek. It doesn’t take his powers of deduction to know what’s coming next. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d traded sexual favours for a hit, but this would be the first time he did so unwillingly.
Sherlock heard the sterile packaging around the catheter being ripped open, then he felt something cold press against the tip of his cock. The gel made his skin tingle almost instantly, and he almost missed the cold feeling of metal as the bottom of the catheter was lined up and pushed in. It was uncomfortable, and definitely not something Sherlock would seek out for euphoric reasons. However, he couldn’t deny there was something erotic about being on the receiving end of John’s medical skills. The catheter slipped in effortlessly, only meeting resistance when it pushed against his bladder. When John had it in place he patted Sherlock’s thigh and reached for the rest of the device, while holding the ice close to Sherlock’s balls.
“Never, I’d chain that collar of yours on a treadmill, cuff your hands behind your back and sit back and watch the show first.”
“I think I’ll go visit my sister for the weekend. You two enjoy, lock up if you leave.” Mrs. Hudson announced, loudly enough that Sherlock could hear as well. Then, with a cheery smile in John’s direction, she left John wondering when her discovery would be the next hot topic of Bridge Club with Mrs. Turner and the other landladies on the street.
“You git, you bloody scared me.” John breathed, turning into the side of Sherlock’s face and kissing his cheekbone.
“Now, Sherlock. Go to your room, and get your cuffs and collar laid out for me, and any other gear you have. I
Over the course of the next thirty minutes, John allowed six more men to step up and touch Sherlock while he worked the flogger across the back of Sherlock’s body. Once in a while he would glance over at Lydia, and they would share a smile. She was clearly enjoying herself, and by the sounds coming from Zed, he was as well. But mostly John kept his attention focused on Sherlock.
“And?” He prompted, releasing Sherlock’s foot to the confines of the blankets, where hopefully he’d maintain
“Fuck,” John swore, surging forward and capturing Sherlock’s bottom lip between his teeth. “We’re going to get asked to leave if we keep this up,” he said, releasing Sherlock and settling back against his side of the booth. “Drink your whisky. We’re up after karaoke.”
"Hello, earth to John?" Zed called out, giving John's shoulder a shove. "We're here, so if I can have that description, I'll text it over before we go in.”
“I’m going to touch you, take you out of your trousers right here. If someone pops out for a fag, or looks out their windows, there’s a chance we might be seen. Do you like that, Pet?”
Sherlock shook his head quickly, his mind slotting together what was happening. John had gone for his chastity cage. The realization made his cock twitch and it immediately began to swell. He heard John sigh. There was a sound of metal clinking together as John placed something on the bed, then movement as John stepped away.
“It’s either that, or I stand up, signaling to the whole room that I’m still available. My rules are few and simple but firm. First, we talk.”
“I’ll keep that in mind. Go shower while I scrounge up something edible. I can’t wait to run my hands through your hair when it isn’t coated in a crunchy gel.” Standing, John lifted his arms above his head and grunted while stretching out the kinks in his muscles. He was about to reach for his clothes from last night when Sherlock tapped him on the hip with one of his toes.
“Tossing it in the bin would hardly require fire,” Sherlock cautioned, moving a step closer to the bin. Extending his hand, Sherlock held the jumper over the bin and met John’s eyes. “What if I just… accidentally dropped it?”
“Three days, get here Friday morning when I open, and we’ll make sure everything fits. John, darling, if I see that jumper in my shop again, I will burn it for Sherlock.”
“You’re not going to magically conjure food by sheer force of will by opening and closing the fridge. The facts tell us that at least one of us needs to go to the shops.” Sherlock muttered, not looking up from his microscope. After their morning spent in John’s old bedroom, Sherlock had been fidgety but had wrinkled his nose when John suggested he call Greg. This is why he now sat, in ratty cotton pyjamas, hunched over his microscope, bare toes twitching against the cold kitchen floor.
“Oh, I plan on handling you later this evening,” John growled, watching Sherlock down the last of his whisky and place the glass heavily on the table.
John stepped backward off the platform with an almost imperceivable nod and positioned himself a short distance away from the crowd’s front. Zed followed, standing beside John. Both Doms crossed their arms over their chests and widened their stances.
