"Commander William Thomas Riker, First Officer of the USS Enterprise, played by American actor Jonathan Frakes, who—" Sherlock abruptly closed his mouth, a strange look—terror?—passing over his face. "Excuse me, I need to—"
"Yeah. Yeah. I know. That was kind of my job, John. I'm sorry." She swallowed, then gave them another small smile that looked real. "Thank you, both. I know I haven't done anything to earn your help, but I really do appreciate it."
"Oh, how lovely!" Mrs. Hudson clapped her hands together once and stepped closer to the sofa, then stopped. "Wait a minute. Your sister? Isn't she the one who—?"
"Probably," John agreed, and turned again to look Sherlock. His husband. "Do you think maybe before Saturday we should try to leave the hotel, just so we'll have at least one thing to say when people ask us what we did while we were here?"
John grimaced. "If your goal is to avoid a future with dementia, letting yourself be repeatedly hit in the head might not be the best plan."
Sherlock came out of the loo, wearing gloves as John had requested, though his help proved unnecessary in the end.
Sherlock called Stone to his side so John could get into the flat. John dropped his work bag to the floor next to the sofa and crossed the room to plug his phone into the charger on the desk. Sherlock let go of Stone and drew a breath to resume his tale of what he had learned that day, but before he got the chance, the phone in his pocket buzzed against his chest. John's phone dinged at the same time, the vibration amplified by the wooden desk. Sherlock frowned, wondering who would text them both at the same time, and then his phone trilled again, this time with an email notification. The sound was once more echoed on John's mobile, and a moment later both of their ringtones announced calls, and, even more ominously, the old landline phone began to ring, much louder than either of their mobiles.
"Wait, what? What do you mean he can't find out about her? Didn't you tell him about her when you called him?"
He parked in the car park around the corner from the flat and ran down the street, phone in his hand, dialling Sherlock's number as he ran. No answer. Shit. One of Mycroft's goons was standing at the corner, a few houses down from 221. John gave him a two-fingered salute as he ran past. The man must have recognised him, because he didn't try to stop him when he reached the door and let himself into the building. Mrs. Hudson's door was closed—was she home? Sherlock hadn't gone to her for help, though. He'd called John.
“No, you’re not,” Mycroft said. “You don’t know what direction Moriarty turned after tossing the phone. You don’t even know where to start looking.”
"Fine." Lestrade pulled his police radio from his pocket. "But after you get your caffeine fix, you'd better get down to Scotland Yard with those fingers John says you have, so we can see if they match the victims."
"It's nothing like that." He knew he'd overreacted to the risk of John playing ball, even though the other players were all younger and bigger than he was, but Moriarty was a legitimate threat. John had to understand that. "I know Moriarty calls it a game, but this isn't some friendly sporting event, John. He's killed people already."
"Hmm." John crossed his arms over his chest, then leaned towards Rosie, face softening into a grin. "I think Sherlock and I deserve biscuits, too. We've all done a lot of work today."
"Leave him alone, Mycroft. He said he's not the father." Sherlock came back across the room to stand by John next to the cot, a show of solidarity that John appreciated.
"Shh." Sherlock leaned over, pressing an ear against John's chest. He could hear his heart beating, but nothing else. He shifted his position so he could meet John's eyes but kept his head on his chest. "Cough."
"I, erm, didn't want to leave you alone, so I asked Molly to pick up Rosie." He waved his free hand over his shoulder, towards the staircase. "I mean, I knew you'd be okay, but—"
"No, you're just abnormally obsessed. I mean, I'm used to you having random body parts around, but you don't usually get personally attached to them."
He picked up his phone again and sat down on the bed, debated sending a text, then decided that Sherlock deserved a call, as well. He should check in on him anyway, to see how it was going with Eve and his mother.
A text, not a call. Sherlock had called him when Eurus had shown up—did that mean this time it wasn't an emergency? Or had he just known John was unable to answer the phone if he was with a patient? He probably had some minor issue with his mother, or was on a quest to find a better way to sterilise Eve's bottles. The fact that he hadn't followed up his plea for help with any details was a bit disturbing, though.
"I don't know. She got here about thirty minutes ago. I can go ask—I put her in my bedroom. I'm going to need to buy a new mattress, aren't I?"
"I didn't say she's redeemed herself. But I won't see her punished any more, either. A sociopath can learn to live in society, John. It's not an excuse to lock someone up forever."
"Cozying up by the fire. Come on." Sherlock reached out and plucked the wine glass from John's hand.
He pushed open the door to the café. Nothing appeared to be damaged inside, and the air was clearer than outside, but he still couldn't risk letting John stay in the building. Even if nothing was burning yet, their flat might be smouldering and a fire could break out at any moment. "John!"
Sherlock passed her over to him, then turned and marched out of the flat, leaving the door open behind him.
"No. Don't." John grabbed Sherlock's right hand, glove and all, and squeezed his fingers so tightly Sherlock couldn't have broken the grip if he'd tried. "I'mmm—" John leaned forward slightly, left hand moving furiously, until he suddenly stilled, too, and Sherlock watched over his shoulder as John's climax spattered across their antique rug.
It went well for about thirty seconds, long enough for John to put some formula into a clean bottle but not long enough for him to actually warm it up.
"No, you don't, do you?” John laughed again, warmer and deeper. “One of the things I love about you, actually.”
"No, no you really wouldn't." John dropped his pen and notepad and headed for the stairs before Sherlock and Mycroft could escalate their yelling match. Later he'd have to remind Sherlock that screaming out a window, which was rarely a good practice, was an even worse idea when there was a baby asleep in the flat.
"Okay. Well. The study is really not something to worry about now. But if you do stop taking the amitriptyline and it gets bad again, we could try some of the other meds you rejected before, see if maybe a better diet might mitigate some of the side effects you had with them. And there are other ways to help, too."
"You don't want me to be someone else?" John sounded light-hearted, but Sherlock answered him seriously.
Sherlock gritted his teeth together, holding back his natural inclination to reply to everything. He wanted to laugh, too, at how pleased John was with himself, as he taunted and teased and stimulated him. "Keep going," he said, making his voice soft but deeper than normal, knowing John was as likely to be unable to control his reactions as he himself was. He squirmed so he could reach down and take John in hand, a quick meeting of eyes confirming that John welcomed his touch.
"Okay." She pushed a chair away from the table so she could climb onto it and reach the plates for their dinner. John winced at the noise she made, but a glance out at Sherlock confirmed that he hadn't moved at all.
"Can your homeless network help—" Mycroft began, before he was cut off by the buzzing of his own phone, magnified by the wood of the table where he'd dropped it. He stared blankly at it for a moment, then shook his head and picked it up. "Yes?" he said into the phone.
"Mrs. Hudson, would you mind grabbing Stone's lead off the hook and taking him downstairs for a little while?" John intervened, for which Sherlock was immensely grateful. He didn't need to deal with Mrs. Hudson's wittering concern when he had far more important things to attend to.
Sherlock scowled but didn't complain any more as Mycroft logged into the cameras that he'd placed around the building. He turned the laptop so they could all see as he replayed the footage from a few minutes earlier, showing a close-up view of a small drone flying straight into their bedroom window. They could see the glass shattering and then, seconds later, black smoke began to pour out into the alley.
"No, I haven't!" She bounced on the heels of her trainers. "Whenever you're on the telly she watches you and I know what you sound like because she always says how much she loves your voice." She extracted a phone from the pocket of her jeans and Sherlock spun around before she could snap a photo, pulling Stone along with him. Stone gave a little yelp of displeasure but then followed, trotting next to him as they squelched back towards the path.
After dinner, John went to have a shower. Sherlock was surprised he didn't insist they bathe together, but apparently he had eaten enough dinner to convince John that he was still a functional adult who could be left alone for brief stretches of time. It was a little early for bed, but he got ready anyway, welcoming the comfort of his old t-shirt and pyjama bottoms even more than usual. Stone curled up in the corner of the bedroom, with only his head resting on his dog bed, but he seemed happy enough that Sherlock didn't disturb him. He lay down on his own bed and found himself beginning to doze as he waited for John.
"I know what my own hair looks like." John wiped his fingers off again and then ran a hand through his hair, which was now long enough that he needed to comb it back from his forehead and style it every morning.
John stared at him, and Sherlock watched his thought process play out on his face. Yes, John was known to step up in times of crisis and draw upon his background as an army captain to get other people to listen to him, but the somewhat lesser-known legacy of his time in the military was that he sometimes just wanted to be told what to do. And Sherlock was more than happy to oblige. "I said, stand up and take off your trousers."
“Shut it down, now, Mycroft,” Sherlock hissed. Daddy reached for the remote and Sherlock shot his hand out to stop him. “No, don’t turn it off. I want to see it. Just stop it from being broadcast all over the country.”
"Oh, sweetie, I feel you there.” Molly reached out and patted Rosie’s shoulder. “But you'll find someone someday, I promise."
Mycroft spoke without looking up from Sherlock's laptop. "John took him out already this morning. I watched him go and come back on the cameras I had installed last night."
John whacked him in the shoulder, laughing, then nodded at the carrier bag still on the worktop. "You didn't eat your salad."
"You should have let Mycroft take the fingers." John was still wearing his gun and holster, which made it difficult to focus on exactly what he was saying.
A few hours ago, Sherlock had been reading Rosie a picture book—they'd been downstairs this time, sitting in the chairs by the fireplace. Rosie had been on his lap, with John in his usual spot across from them.  Every time Sherlock had glanced up, John had been staring at them. At him. At his lips, Sherlock was certain. He'd never done that before. Usually if Sherlock was looking after Rosie, John would take advantage of the chance to do something else—clean the kitchen or run a load of laundry or answer comments on his blog. But tonight he'd just sat and stared while Sherlock read. And it wasn't the first time Sherlock had caught him looking—he'd noticed nineteen distinct instances of such behavior since Sunday, the day after they had kissed. Which meant John must still be thinking about the kiss, too. And not in a negative light, or he would have avoided looking at him. Right?
John had spent many a restless night since he'd become a single father, but this was the first time in years that he'd lain awake here at Baker Street. On the few occasions he had spent the night here recently, Rosie had been with him, and he'd slept soundly knowing she was in the cot at his side while Sherlock roamed the flat beneath them. This time, he was alone in his old bedroom, straining his ears for any hint of what might be happening in the rooms below. He found himself wishing once again for the gun he no longer had, more for peace of mind than because he thought Eurus was actually going to climb the stairs and attack him while he slept.
Inside the bag were two wedding bands, their plain gold grown dull with age, each still attached to a severed, blood-spattered finger.
"Whatever." Sherlock shrugged and dropped down onto the sofa to wait. Not even a full minute later he heard the lift coming back upstairs and raised his arm to check his watch. No, he hadn't lost track of time. Maybe John had forgotten something.
"My fires are almost always controlled immediately," Sherlock objected. "But even if we had put in sprinklers, we'd just be dealing with water damage now, instead."
Sherlock obliged, spreading more lube over his gloved fingers before he ventured deeper, savoring each moan and shudder he elicited. His own cock was straining up through the opening of his boxers toward John, and Sherlock knew he'd give in to his own temptation soon. "I'd be fucking you already except we're not supposed to be touching, are we?"
Eventually she petered out, and announced her need to use the loo. Leon rose, immediately attentive, and escorted her down to the corner shop, expertly moving aside the onlookers who were still gathered on the street staring, despite the fact that there was no longer any visible smoke, and the firefighters were beginning to vacate the scene.
He pushed at the door again, trying to open it enough to squeeze through. "Let us in. We're here to help."
She took another step closer and smiled at him, leaning forward for a moment as if she meant to reach out to him and then thought better of it. "Hi, Sherlock. Thank you for coming out here. I was going to try to slip past your guard but I assume you have another one inside, so I texted John instead." She craned her neck to look at the doorway behind him. "Is he coming out here, or are you bringing me inside? I'd rather not talk about it out here on the street, if it's all the same to you."
"Ah, not exactly. He just needs me to, erm, provide some medical assistance and I'd rather not have Rosie with me."
"Daddy! I got you more ice water!" Rosie appeared in the hallway next to Sherlock, a glass of water clenched in both hands, clearly trying to walk slowly and carefully but doing a poor job of it.
"No, those are my reading glasses that I keep in the living room. For reading. In the living room. The ones in the bedroom are for when I'm reading in bed."
The computer on her desk was on, though hibernated. He wiggled the mouse and the screen flickered to life. His own name and health history stared back at him, complete with details of his amitriptyline prescription. Of course, that was what Moriarty had come here for, to extract information on him from his therapist. But what had he done to her? Let her live? She would have called either Sherlock or the police as soon as she was free. But if he'd killed her, then what had he done with her body? It was unlikely he'd have been able to drag her out on his own without someone noticing.
"Where's your other hand?" Sherlock's voice was not much above a whisper, as if he didn't have enough air to speak.
Sherlock pushed Mycroft's phone back across the table. He let his mind drift away in thought for a moment, then decided it wasn't worth his time. If Mycroft had let Moriarty escape, then Mycroft could use his own resources to capture him again. "Thank you for stopping by, Mycroft. I'll be sure to let you know should a small, annoying Irishman show up at my door and try to woo me away from John."
"I just—" He spread his hands, giving Stone a few more feet of freedom with his lead. "I thought I could have one thing that didn't turn to shit when I touched it, but then Moriarty came along and destroyed it anyway."
"Why—?" The question was out before he could stop it. He knew why, could possibly even agree that John deserved to punch him, but that didn't change his need to keep him safe. He'd take a thousand punches if that was the cost. "John."
He could almost hear Sherlock's laugh, a small puff of air through the phone. "I will strive to make her life interesting."
"God." John brought his right hand up, dribbling Sherlock's come along the way. "Sorry, sorry." He grabbed the edge of the sheet to wipe his hand.
Sherlock watched until the lift doors closed behind them, then turned to Mycroft and Anthea. "Okay, who else needs to leave my flat now?"
John was in much the same position as he had been when Moriarty had ended the broadcast, but his arms twitched when Sherlock called his name. Sherlock skidded to a stop, kneeling next to him. "John," he repeated, softer this time, and put a hand out to touch his face. John turned his head into the movement, eyes blinking, but it couldn't be said that he actually awoke. He gave a moan of discomfort and shrugged his shoulders, rattling the handcuffs that held his hands behind his back.
"I could shoot you in the spine. That would be poetic, wouldn't it? You and Johnny could grow old together in your wheelchairs." He lifted the gun a few inches higher. "What if you lost the use of your hands, though? Would Johnny feed you if you couldn't feed yourself? Which vertebrae is which, again? Lumbar, thoracic, cervical.... How high before you can't breathe on your own?" His hand rose and fell, the barrel of the gun roaming up and down in the direction of Sherlock's chest. "It might be easier if you turned around, let me shoot you in the back. Or I could try it this way, see what organs the bullet will go through and still let you survive. Stomach? Lungs? Heart? What should I do to you, Sherlock?"
"You don't mind if we spend the night here, do you, Greg? We plan to go back to Baker Street tomorrow, no matter what Mycroft says."
John got home from work on the first of December to find that someone had decorated 221 Baker Street from top to bottom. Several someones, it appeared, given that outside the building there were fairy lights strung across the balcony railings and wreaths hung above the windows, at a height that only Sherlock could have reached. Once John opened the door and went inside, he saw that Mrs. Hudson had clearly been at work, as well. He could smell the scent of ginger and molasses baking, and the armchair and table in the entryway were both draped in green and red crochet.
John took the gun from him, his shirt stretching across his chest as he put the holster on, which made Sherlock wish he could send everyone else out of the house and convince John to take off everything he was wearing but for the gun and holster.
"I'm sorry, John. But if I have to keep worrying about whether you're safe, it's going distract me from catching Moriarty."
John didn't say anything, though, or at least not anything that Sherlock expected him to. Instead he started rambling on about food. "What time is it? We should get something in for dinner. What do you feel like?"
Mycroft twisted the small button in the door handle and turned around to face Sherlock. "I assume the lift came equipped with keys to restrict access. Give one to John and one to Mrs. Hudson and keep it locked at all times."
The doors to the lift hissed open just as Sherlock limped out from the kitchen, headed towards the sofa.
Rosie looked away with a sigh. They were always doing stuff like that in front of her. She didn't mind that they loved each other, but they didn't have to show it off all the time when other people were around. None of her friends' parents did that.
"Secretary? You don't have a secretary! You're just some two-bit detective working out of his flat with a washed-up old Army veteran supporting your made-up career."
"Get into the car, Dr. Watson. I would make some sort of threat, but I'm sure your situation is quite clear to you." The voice insisted before hanging up leaving John stunned as a black unmarked car pulled up beside him. John reluctantly got in.
Sherlock's eyes widened at the admission. Mycroft cleared his throat loudly with a pointed look in his brother's direction. "Sherlock, perhaps it is unfair to ask this of him…" He said before trailing off. Anthea picked up were he left off stating much more bluntly.
Greg bit back a groan as he fought to stay conscious. His vision tunneled and he swayed for a moment before feeling a weak pulse around his finger giving him enough strength to stay upright. His eyes moved to the ring on his finger, which glowed softly, it wasn't his, yet it seemed familiar. Greg's eyes moved to Mycroft who still wore and expression distrust and weariness. Greg's gaze moved to the bare ring finger of his hand and it clicked. It was Mycroft's ring. Greg felt a flare of surprise. "Suppose I should thank you," Greg said in a weak voice.
Sergeant Sally Donovan had come in early one morning to gather evidence for Anderson's forensic report. Sally had always been kind to her. But then, most humans were blind to the supernatural and as a result had no idea what Molly truly was. It was refreshing to be judged by the content of her character rather than supernatural abilities. "You'll never believe this one, doc. Hell of a case last night. There is just something about this case that just doesn't fit. It's right tragic, apparent drowning in the Thames, two kids, but we can't find the bodies even with the dredges. No, no bodies to be found, but we did find something else, something that we've never seen before, it stumped the whole forensics department. I was wondering if you could take a look." Molly's eyes widened as she saw what was in Sally's hand. Hair, but it wasn't human. It enchanted, from a horses mane. Kelpie. They were most often seen in Scottish Loch's but could be found near any body of water. They often lured children into the water where they then devoured them.
"All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage." Mycroft murmured softly in a voice that lacked conviction.
Harry racked her brain trying to think of anyone who might be able to contact Johnny. Mike Stamford came to mind, but she dismissed him. As Johnny hadn't seen much of him since his locum work at the A&E had trickled to a minimum after moving in with Sherlock. Sarah Sawyer, was another acquaintance but Harry wrote her off as well. That relationship had ended in disaster and Johnny had quit his job at the surgery shortly after. Martha Hudson, the landlady. She was a possibility. She might have a forwarding address, but whether she would give it to Harry was another story. Molly Hooper, the ME at St. Bart's. But she had always been closer to Sherlock than Johnny and Harry couldn't be sure that she and Johnny had even stayed in contact. DI Lestrade. He would be her best chance. Johnny had mentioned how they were friendly and would occasionally go out together at the pub. If there were someone who could point her in the right direction, it would be him.
After Sherlock had jumped to his death, John had been shattered. He was lost. After Sherlock's funeral, Mycroft had offered assistance. John had been surprised at first; after all, Mycroft had been hostile at their first meeting and obviously didn't approve of Sherlock's friendship with him. John had debated long and hard about whether to take the elder Holmes brother up on his offer. John had been ready to go. After the funeral, he had been planning to turn his gun on himself and follow Sherlock to the grave. It had taken seeing his best friend falling to his death from the rooftop of St. Bart's for John to finally admit to himself that his feelings for Sherlock ran much deeper than mere friendship. He winced as he recalled how many times he had spouted the phrase "not gay." Technically, it was true. John was attracted to women, but he was also attracted to Sherlock. He had buried those feelings deep, writing them off as some kind of Freudian defense mechanism. Looking back, it had been a defense mechanism, just not the one that John had originally thought. Repression, the more he repressed the stronger the sublimated feelings grew until John couldn't ignore them anymore. The fall had been the breaking point. It had opened the floodgates and with it came a mixture of feelings ranging from love and longing, to anger, regret and guilt.
"Oh, sweetheart." Molly had to keep herself from laughing. "Your dad is also a smart man, except when it comes to Sherlock, he's an idiot. He goes along with anything Sherlock suggests, and it's almost never a good idea. Okay? Don't listen to them. If you want dating advice, ask me, or Uncle Greg, or literally anyone else." Molly couldn't really believe she was suggesting that she was the most qualified person to advise her on dating, but given the choices Rosie had, it seemed to be true. The poor girl. Maybe next year when she went to uni she'd meet some people who were a little better at giving out advice that was actually useful in real life.
"Daddy!" Rosie shouted, bouncing up from where she knelt in front of the fireplace. "I'm learning about ashes and soot! Come see!"
"No, that's fine. That's perfect. Thank you, Molly. I'll let you know what's going on, and if I can't get there by seven, you can bring her here. Any later than that and she'll start to get cranky."
"Sherlock." John's voice sounded as if it might crack. "Yes, it is likely that if I've been infected, you already have been, too, but we don't know that for sure. I still have to try to keep you safe. I have to. I have to know I did everything possible. Understand? I can't—I can't go through any of that again. I can't lose you." He didn't move from where he knelt on the rug, naked from the waist down, staring up at Sherlock.
There were too many people around, of course, given the nice weather, but Sherlock was well-practiced at keeping everyone else at a distance. He and Stone followed John's usual loop through the park, though Sherlock knew his own disinclination to stop and chat with other dog-walkers meant they covered the distance more quickly than John would have. He glanced at his watch—they hadn't been out for very long. Not long enough for Mycroft to leave, though possibly long enough for John to have arrived home. He took his phone from his pocket to check for new texts just as Stone began to pull on the lead towards an open, grassy area where John often let him linger. The grass was mostly mud right now, which Sherlock wasn't eager to trudge through, but he had no reason not to let Stone explore for a while. They were far enough away from the lake and any of the gardens that he didn't need to be on the lead anyway.
John closed his eyes and took a deep breath. The scent of Eve in his arms, not clean but pure and natural and real, grounded him. He shifted her higher on his shoulder. "You're saying that Eurus stole your cocaine and then took off. I know you think she's changed, but what do you think she's capable of doing when she's high?"
Yes, it was her. Was she watching him and Sherlock, so she knew that John hadn't seen him today? Or maybe she'd just decided to text him every day as some sort of game, as Mycroft had implied. Was this going to be a daily routine? Maybe it was karmic retribution for all the nights he'd ignored Mary and Rosie and spent his time texting Eurus when he'd known her only as E, the girl who'd smiled at him on the bus.
"That's your grandad over there, Eve," Sherlock said softly. "He's my daddy." He slowly lowered himself to his knees, until he was sitting on the floor next to John again, Eve cradled safely against his chest. "You've got the whole family here to see you, now."
Sherlock spent the evening stretched out on the sofa, reviewing the case in his mind, trying to see what he'd missed and wondering what Moriarty's next move would be, if in fact he did have a next move planned.
John let out a long sigh. "There are Legos," he warned, but he brought the box into the flat and dropped it in the corner of the room, next to the small desk and chair that Rosie had been using for class ever since her school had gone remote last month.
Drinking always did make him lose control of his thoughts, which was unbearable. Though, in some ways, it also made it easier. Easier to reflect on the long line of events that had culminated here, with him and John together, despite all the horrible things they had each done and the times they had nearly lost one another. Those terrible times made him appreciate what they had now even more, especially when he was inebriated and open to thinking such thoughts.
John sighed and brought his hand up to the back of Sherlock's neck again, fingers roaming into the edge of his hair.
John took a deep breath and buried his face in Sherlock's shoulder again, then spoke into the silky fabric. "Me, too," he said, then sighed and stepped back. "I should warn you, though. I'm not very good at having relationships that last. Mary was the longest, and by the end I almost cheated on her. With Eurus. Before that, I never even made it a year with anyone."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "All right. Not alone, please. I'd like to be at your side. He can't overpower us both at the same time."
"That's fine," John said. Everything was fine. They'd been in a physical relationship for nearly three years now, but during the past few days at this hotel, they'd managed to find new levels of pleasure John hadn't even known were possible. "As long as I get to watch your face while you do it."
"Why?" Sherlock didn't move other than to wipe at his nose again; even that light touch made pain flare up and across his entire face.
"It's very common, nothing to worry about. Rosie had a little bit of it, after she was born. She should see a paediatrician soon, anyway, and they can test her for it. Probably won't even need to be treated." He nodded towards the window. "Letting her sit in the sunlight like this might help, too."
"Fun!" Rosie hopped off the bed, landing lightly on her feet, and ran over to her chest of drawers. She pulled open all three drawers and started to use the bottom one as a step before he stopped her, lifting her off with one arm and pulling over the sturdy footstool he'd bought expressly for the purpose of allowing her to reach the top drawer. She let herself be transferred to the footstool without objection, then began to root through the drawer full of socks and underwear. "Gween!" she announced, pulling out a plain white pair of socks and brandishing them in the air.
John watched her as she waved her arms and legs, not really able to interact with the toys attached to the swing, but clearly engaged by them all the same. With a bit of pale afternoon sunlight coming in through the window behind her, he noticed something he hadn't seen before. He got up from his chair and knelt on the floor next to the swing so he could take a closer look. "I think she might have a touch of jaundice, Sherlock. She looks a bit yellow here in the natural light." He sat back on his heels and made a silly face at Eve.
Moriarty grinned at him. "Yes, that does seem appropriate. But no one will bother us up here." He bounced up onto the short ledge that ran around the rooftop and danced along it until he was directly in front of Sherlock. "It's very high up here." He made a whistling noise and traced his finger through the air in front of him. "Not afraid of falling, are you?"
"No." Sherlock held him firm, and even forced him to take a step backwards, away from Mycroft. Behind them, Eve stopped her mild fussing and began to cry outright, a thin wail that rapidly grew in volume.
John led her and Rosie up the stairs. He knocked on the door—one lesson he'd learned, at least—and then cracked it open, sticking his head in but not letting Rosie or Mrs. Hudson pass by him. "Sherlock?" he called, without raising his voice too much, for fear of disturbing Eve.
Sherlock balled his fists in the pockets of his coat. "No. The idea of you falling off this roof doesn't frighten me in the least."
"It's easier to take them than it is to fight with you about it," Sherlock said. Not to mention that he remembered all too well what it had felt like when he'd stopped taking the amitriptyline a year ago, and he knew couldn't afford that sort of uncontrollable anxiety right now. Not that he was feeling much better at the moment.
Moriarty was still squatting next to him. “Hello, Johnny,” he said softly, and then jumped backwards out of the way as John threw himself forward, apparently trying to use his head as a battering ram.
Sherlock turned slightly to face him. "In the sense that as soon as you left my flat, I lay down on the sofa and began to masturbate while thinking of you, yes. Obviously."
John jumped back into the conversation. "Okay, Rosie. It doesn't matter what we think of people you like. This is just a first date, right? So tell us what you like about each of them."
John rolled his chair forward a little so he could turn and look up at him. "Remember when we went to the piercer's, and after I was done, I panicked because I thought your mum might see this?" He flicked at the ring in his nipple.
John could tell Sherlock believed what he was saying, just as he could tell that he wasn't going to be able to change his mind, no matter what he said. When had he ever won a serious argument with Sherlock, anyway? He blew out a breath, slumping deeper into his chair for a moment, then straightened, pushing himself up to his feet.
John hesitated, then shook his head. He'd promised Sherlock he'd help him keep Mycroft from taking Eve, but he hadn't agreed to protect Eurus, as well. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I don't think Eurus should be free. I know you think she's changed—"
"Touch me," John told him, and Sherlock did, stroking with long, firm movements up and down John's cock as John thrust on top of him. John didn't care about the Christmas tree dildo. Sherlock could be the one to use it next time, too. All John needed was Sherlock himself, filling him up and drawing him out, his body as agile and clever in bed as it was with everything else he ever did.
Sherlock stood up, his appetite gone. He'd had to sit and watch John be tortured and taunted the first time, and he had no desire to ever see it again. He took his plate into the kitchen and turned the hot water tap on all the way to drown out the sound of the telly.
He finished packing Rosie's bag, taking out all of the chunky LEGO pieces she had put into it—it was hard enough keeping track of the sets here in the house, never mind carrying them around London. He added two of the picture books that she liked to hear at bedtime, then headed down the hall to his own room.
"You always know everything. Are you telling me you couldn't predict that Greg and Sally were going to walk in on us?"
"Yes, yes. Don't worry. We're meeting outside Scotland Yard." Sherlock kissed him again and then dashed off to buy Rosie a little Yoda baby.
"If Moriarty managed to track Sherlock and John after they left Barts, then he would know that they came to your flat, which puts you in danger, too." He lifted his chin and glanced around the room, wearing his usual expression of distaste. "I'll take my leave now. Lord knows this flat is crowded enough without me. If there's anything else any of you need, do let me know."
"Nope, sorry, Sherlock," John said. "I already put my braces and crutches in Sally's car, so looks like you're stuck with her, unless you want to take a cab by yourself."
Sherlock was still on the sofa, though not just as John had left him a minute or two ago. No. He was stretched out on his back, dressing gown untied and billowing open around him. He had his t-shirt rucked up and his trousers pushed down and was holding his fully erect cock in his right hand. "John!"
John seemed to understand, though. "Hey, it's all right. Give yourself a break. It's natural to feel a little emotional after you've just tried to save someone's life."
“How—how...?” His eyes flicked to Mycroft, who had risen from the sofa and was violently whispering into his own phone.
Time stretched out, made surreal by Mummy and Daddy and Mrs. Hudson having an inane argument about what roads Moriarty was most likely taking north, given the time of day and traffic conditions. Finally, Mycroft had another report from Anthea. “They’re no longer moving. One of our teams is only three miles away. ETA is two minutes.”
Bit of last minute travel and almost disastrous cookie-making at my house today means another quick story, and the prompt I skipped over still waiting for attention. Hope you like this one instead!
He got to his feet and began to run again, heedless of the slick mud, but it was too late. "Stone!" he yelled one last time as the other dogs reached him. Stone didn't flee, but ran to meet them. Sherlock heard one of the dogs give a short, deep bark, and then the three of them began to...
Given how much John hated wearing the braces and preferred the freedom and ease of movement he had with the chair, that was more than a little surprising, but it didn't matter either way to Sherlock. Now that they were this close to the murder scene, he couldn't wait any longer.
Force John to come to a crime scene, fail to make any progress in solving the crime, and then wrap it up by going for a ride in Sally Donovan's police car.
"So? We were about to—" He waved a hand between them. "Her family emergency will still be there later."
John watched. Half the appeal of sex with Sherlock was watching him, though John was never able to wait long before joining in. Now he sat on the bed in front of him, stroking himself erect while Sherlock fingered himself open.
"All I did was hold her until the ambulance arrived. You're the one who got us there in time to save her."
Sherlock escorted Mrs. Hudson upstairs and came back down with an armful of clean sheets and pillows for the sofa bed. John had already brought their bags to the room at the back of the house, and Stone had found the large window and was sitting with his nose pressed to the glass, watching squirrels, rabbits and birds frolic in the garden.
"I couldn't find her before. What makes you think I can now?" Mycroft let his phone clatter onto the coffee table and dropped down to sit on the sofa, coming as close to a sprawl as John had ever seen him.
"So, if you check out of the hospital like a good patient, then we're not going to be able to leave by ourselves. Mycroft will know, and he'll have Leon or some even more useless guard with us."
“Maybe you just missed him by a few minutes. Maybe he turned down a side street because he didn’t want to be seen.”
John let his eyes blink shut and a moan escape as he gave his nipple ring a final tug and twist, sending a smaller but still very welcome surge of pleasure through his body.
Mycroft cleared his throat. "As fascinating as this insight into your relationship is, could we possibly return to the matter at hand?"
He wrapped Stone's lead twice around his hand to draw him closer and reached with his other hand for the shop door, but before he could pull it open, Stone gave a long, pitiful whine. A split-second later, a crashing boom echoed down the street. Sherlock winced at the volume, then turned towards it. The sound had come from the north. From the direction of their flat. It had sounded like...
"No, because they'd probably throw the two of you in the same cell and God knows what would happen then."
John cradled her in one arm, stroking the thin, dark hair on her head with his free hand. He'd forgotten the simultaneously terrifying and exhilarating sensation of holding a new-born for the first time. "Hey, sweetie," he whispered. "Look at you. You've got some big, beautiful, blue eyes, don't you? I wonder if they'll stay that colour." He glanced over again at Eurus, who was staring blankly at the wall with eyes the same pale blue shade as Sherlock's. John's gaze strayed briefly to Sherlock, then he shifted his attention back to the baby in his arms. "Let's see how big you are, then we can get you wrapped up so you won't be cold."
Sherlock pushed himself up and stretched until he could reach John's mouth. After they kissed, he flopped back onto the mattress and said, "At least I don't have to worry about you flirting with Mary anymore."
"Okay, thank you everyone!" Lestrade clapped his hands together once. "That was lots of fun. I'll be sure to drink my wine before the new year, so I can start January with my usual resolutions."
John chuckled. "Okay. I can see that talking to a therapist might not be the best long-term option for you. But we'll work it out, I promise. We don't have to figure it all out tonight."
"Oh, God. Sorry. That's Mycroft's doing. He said he was going to question everyone who came here to make sure they weren't Eurus in disguise, but I didn't know he was really going to do it. Mrs. Holmes is here, and she didn't mention anyone bothering her."
"Did she really show up here without a change of clothes or anything with her at all?" John asked, realising that he hadn't seen any sort of bag belonging to Eurus in the bedroom. "Where was she staying before she came here? She doesn't seem like she's been living rough."
John sighed and put the palm of his hand to his forehead. "Sherlock, come on. Don't do this. We work together. We're friendly co-workers. That's it."
"First a dog, now you have a plant. What's next, adopting a child?" Mycroft looked up, his normal level of obnoxiousness apparently restored.
John's hand paused in Sherlock's hair again, and Sherlock felt his shoulders tense, then sag. "Yeah, okay. You're right. Put a guard at my work. I'm not on the schedule tomorrow but I can go in and explain the situation."
John came out of the lift alone, without Stone. Sherlock sat up and squinted at him until he explained. "Mrs. Hudson's taking him over to the park for me."
Sherlock gathered himself, trying to keep his voice light and even. "I was quick enough to track down your former employees before you could kill any more of them."
"Hm. Precious. Is it a pile of diamonds and gold, or a kitten?" He picked up his cup of tea again, prepared to tune her out.
John squinted at the notebook, seeing how Sherlock had highlighted a report of a stolen wallet found in a skip, intact except for a missing driving licence. If he hadn't known better, John might have thought it was a record of Sherlock's own crimes. "You did all this last night?"
"Perfect. Let's go put these in your school corner so they'll be all ready for tomorrow morning." Sherlock escorted Rosie out of the kitchen.
While Sherlock inspected the bodies, John slowly made his way around the living room, looking at family photos and the flat's other decor and announcing his findings to Sherlock. "Looks like she was a teacher. Little kids. Not sure about him...maybe something in an office?"
Sherlock joined John on the pavement just outside the gate. He nodded towards the ambulance. "Is she going to—"
He caught her hand in his, stilling it. "I'm not asleep. And we don't hit people, remember?" He let go of her hand and started walking towards home, doing his best to dismiss Janine and her nonsensical musings from his mind.
“No.” Mycroft crossed the room towards him, and Sherlock put the keys behind his back, prepared to fight. Mycroft stopped a few feet away from him, and didn’t try to wrest the keys away. “We have two helicopters en route to intercept Moriarty. Once they are certain of his exact location, a third will be dispatched here to bring you to John.”
"Oh." It had been a very long time since he'd lost track of time like that because of a case. It felt good, intellectually at least, though his back was killing him and his hands ached.
Diazepam=Valium, though my understanding is they don't call medications by brand names in the UK. Also that Xanax isn't commonly prescribed, although that would be a more common prescription here in the US. Either way, Sherlock could probably use something legal to occasionally calm himself down.
"You've been talking about getting older a lot lately, how grey your hair is, things like that. I thought you might have realised your chance for a life with a normal person was slipping away."
“Mycroft’s intelligence, it’s not nebulous. It’s always specific. Incredibly specific.” Sherlock murmured, as his eyes darted around seemingly unfocused. Drugs? John recalled his own disorientation upon his awakening, but one could never be sure with Sherlock. So John pressed on.
"I'm not sure about that, Molly, but I will take you up on your offer when can we meet?" Greg asked.
"Mycroft, I will never forgive you. Do not harm him." Sherlock insisted as he moved out of the circle of protection against his brother's order with Anthea on his heels looking fit to be tied. He moved purposefully in front of John before looking at Greg with an expression, which was mixture of pain and betrayal, which caused Greg's heart to clench with guilt.
"Have you heard anything regarding the new assignments?" Bill asked lifting an eyebrow. "I wouldn't mind having you as a commanding officer." He admitted with a smile and a wink.
"Come here," the man beckoned and Molly obeyed going to them warily. "Lestrade, check her. There's no darkness, I'm sure, but I won't go further without giving you proof." The priest cleared his throat, made the sign of the cross, lifted his rosary and then began to chant in Latin.
“I’ll take a hiatus from my studies, if needed. It’s not what I wanted for either of us, but needs must.” Mycroft insisted. Sherlock shook his head.
"Bring him to Westminster Cathedral. Come with Mycroft and Anthea, bring stakes, silver, and anything else magical which has not been tainted by darkness. I'll need all the help that I can get. There is a ritual, which may strengthen his grace enough to resist the darkness. I have never seen it attempted. It may not work. No promises, Sherlock." Lestrade insisted as he cut the call. Sherlock let out a relieved sigh. Now all he had to do was convince Mycroft, which ironically, may prove harder than convincing Lestrade.
“Not an underground network, John.” Sherlock said in a voice slightly above a whisper. Paranoia? John still couldn’t tell. For this god forsaken place was where nightmares came from.
"Are you just going to repeat everything that I say? Don't be dull John." Sherlock implored. He could practically see John putting the pieces together; perhaps he wasn't as idiotic as the rest of humanity.
Sholto had talked John down a few times when he was on the edge and ready to end it. Though the feeling came rarely, but when it did those times were brutal. Times when he missed Sherlock so much that it hurt to breathe and that all he wanted for the pain to end. "I can't deny that I owe you my life James, lord knows, but I don't want favors." John insisted wishing that he had a drink to settle his nerves. He cut the thought off quickly as he was reminded of Harry and all the trouble that the bottle had caused her over the years. John felt a pang of guilt for not calling her after Sherlock's death after he had re-enlisted. Assuming that she was still sober, she was probably worried about him. John would just add it to the ever-growing list of things that he felt guilty about. John squeezed his eyes shut and was assaulted by memories. It had been a horrific day. Their combat medic was amongst the wounded leaving John the only other person who was qualified to treat battle injuries. Though they had managed to avoid any loss of life, there had been numerous severe injuries. Two of the soldier's were now amputees and a third ended up with an emergency tracheotomy. That hardly qualified as a victory in John's eyes. John turned his head hoping to loosen the muscles that were still tight with stress. While his performance hadn't suffered because of it, he was feeling his age.
She giggled again and allowed herself to be scooped up into his arms. "No ice owwie," she told him, and wiped her face twice across his scarf before settling her head against his shoulder.
"Well, I saw the two of you on Sunday, didn't I? And I've seen the way you look at each other all these years."
He reached the upper landing and gave a quick rap on the door, then pushed it open, knowing he hadn't locked it when he'd left. "Sherlock?" He took one step through the door and stopped dead in his tracks.
"Mm, I don't think so. Well, you can put someone at Barts, if you want—Sherlock certainly spends enough time there, and when he gets caught up in a dead body he doesn't notice anything else that's going on around him—but I don't need a bodyguard at work."
He waved a hand at her. "I have people to deliver them for me." Rosie and her friends, plus a few of his more trustworthy homeless network members. "Now hurry up and leave so you have time to do your shopping. Those toys aren't going to buy themselves, and I know you wouldn't want to disappoint a bunch of poor children at Christmas."
John cleared his throat. "It's fine, Molly. It's fine. I should have picked her up this morning, but it's been so hectic around here." He waved his hand towards the staircase behind him.
"Yes, but you hate Christmas." Sherlock put down the suitcase he'd been carrying and turned to hold the door open for John, who had Rosie in his arms.
John paused on the landing outside the flat. "I wanted to. I did. But...it was complicated. You'll see. Come on in. Try to be quiet, in case she's asleep."
"It's the right height," Sherlock said. He shrugged out of his coat, tossed it onto the chair and then turned and hopped up onto Lestrade's desk.
Sherlock stepped into the room, running a hand through his hair without improving it at all. "Sorry, Rosie. Gram and Grandad do tend to lose power frequently out here in the country, especially when it's this windy outside."
Mrs. Hudson tutted some more before John came back into the kitchen, wheeling himself with one hand, a half-dozen sheets of paper clutched in the other. Without lifting his head from his laptop, Sherlock watched him pass through the kitchen on his way to the bedroom. What papers were so important that he didn't trust Mrs. Hudson to touch them? And then felt the need to hide them away in the bedroom—
"She's sound asleep," Sherlock said, when he returned. "Mummy says Mycroft stopped sleeping and started crying constantly at around three weeks, but that Eurus and I were never a problem until we reached our first birthday. I'm not sure how much of that is true. She got pregnant again only a few months after I was born, and it's bound to have affected her memory."
The door to the bedroom was open, and Sherlock popped out through it as soon as John set foot in the hallway. He was barefoot, dressed in a pair of trousers and a dark blue dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. "John, thank God. I wasn't sure if you would really come."
When they'd gone, John switched his attention from the groceries to the kitchen table. They hadn't cleared the space as he'd asked, but a few scraps of paper and some loose crayons were certainly not the worst thing he'd ever had to clean up. He stacked the unused sheets of paper into a pile and began to collect the crayons. It had been a long time since he had sat and drawn with Rosie—for almost a full year now, he'd been working so much that he'd left most of the parenting to Sherlock. The time he himself spent with Rosie was largely confined to driving her back and forth from Baker Street to their old house. Now that they all lived here, it was easier to spend time together, even though his work schedule hadn't improved.
"Nothing, nothing." John lowered his arms and sat back, trying to control his laughter. "It's just—this. I can't believe we’re doing this. Finally. I'm not even sure what else will happen, but we just kissed. I—" He let himself slump sideways slightly, against the sofa back, basking in Sherlock’s soft smile. "Amazing."
John's mouth opened and then closed. He looked down and sighed. "I just...didn't want you to overreact."
"A day and a half. And if the baby's not here by tomorrow, she'll have a C-section in the morning and that will also be fine. She's at the best hospital in London, with the best doctors and nurses, and by this time tomorrow we will have a grandchild, Sherlock."
"I understand. Um." Molly turned her head and looked down the street. "That man in the black suit at the corner? When we got out of the cab, he asked me where I was going and how I knew Sherlock. I thought he was going to want to see ID, like I was at a club, but then he let me go. I think he had a camera in his sunglasses."
Rosie knew that Sherlock thought she didn't know where he and Uncle Mycroft were going, but she did. They were going to visit Aunt Eurus. Sometimes Sherlock went by himself at other times of the year, but every December before Christmas he would go with Uncle Mycroft. She thought that they brought Gram and Grandad with them, too, because afterwards they always came to visit, but none of them would ever talk to her about Aunt Eurus.
"Okay, that's enough. We have to go home now or Daddy will be wondering where we are." He turned with her in his arms until they were facing the right direction on the path. He'd taken only a few steps towards home when behind him, a woman's voice spoke.
"Billy, that is my new flatmate and assistant, Dr. John Watson." Sherlock explained. The boy's eyes narrowed at him and he cocked his head. For a moment, John was reminded of Sherlock while in the midst of deductions. Shrewd, the boy was much too shrewd.
That was how Mycroft found himself in this predicament. In attempting to save John Watson from himself, Mycroft had likely inadvertently signed his death warrant and his brother had followed him into the abyss. John’s fate had become intwined with Sherlock’s. Mycroft once again wished that his brother had heeded his warning. Caring is not an advantage. Emotions were dangerous. Force them down and shut them out. Mycroft bit his lip and took a deep breath as another phrase which he had whispered to  Sherlock came to mind mocking him and exposing Mycroft to be a hypocrite. “He will never hurt you.”
"Where are they?" She asked looking around warily. Mycroft remained unconscious beside her. Greg took another deep inhale and released a plum of smoke as he exhaled still unable to stop the fine tremors in his hands.
Sherlock was a hunter of dark creatures. He knew all the dangers and was very good at what he did. He could have been a great mage like his brother Mycroft, but had instead chosen to hunt without the aid of magic. Mycroft Holmes, Martha shuddered. He was one of the few individuals that terrified her. He was powerful beyond words and ruthless in his pursuits. Luckily, he never practiced black magic, which for someone of his power level was nearly unheard of, especially for a self taught human. He rivaled some of the greatest mages ever known. His skill level led to rumors that the Holmes brother's had Fay blood in them, somewhere on their father's side. Their paternal grandmother had come from Ireland, home of the Aes sidhe. Martha had once asked Sherlock if there was any truth to the stories and he had simply stated in a voice laced with sarcasm that no two parents as dull as theirs could be anything but fully human. Martha hadn't known exactly what to make of that, but it was clear that Sherlock did not care to discuss the matter further. Martha had learned early on not to push the hunter lest she wanted more bullet holes in her wall. She was pulled from her thoughts by the sound of the door opening. Sherlock walked in looking pleased as punch. "Army doctor could be useful, very useful indeed." Martha frowned not sure what Sherlock was going on about.
John watched impressed with Greg's skill as he banished the succubus with ease. It was the first time that John had seen the priest use his holy magic. It called to John's grace and he shifted back into the shadows as the tattoo on his back pulsed reacting to Greg's light. Powerful, the priest was much more powerful than John had thought possible. John breathed a sigh of relief when it was over and the holy magic faded allowing his tattoo to settle. "Impressive." John murmured to Greg who looked very satisfied with himself at the moment.
Sherlock followed Mrs. Hudson up the stairs with John on his heels as their made their way up to 221B. Sherlock opened the door to the flat while Mrs. Hudson moved into the kitchen and started making tea. "Just this once, dear, I'm not your housekeeper." She warned both Sherlock and John. Sherlock glanced at John taking in the deep frown on his face as he glanced around the flat for the first time. Sherlock looked around and belatedly realized the he should have tidied up. There was clutter everywhere, everything from clippings and papers to charms and wards, weapons, and everything in between.
Molly sucked in a horrified breath as Sherlock told her the tale. John Watson was a fallen angel who had been bitten and turned. That should have been the end of it as far as Molly was concerned. John Watson should have been staked before he rose, but Sherlock had recruited Greg's help and the priest had performed an ancient ritual further complicating the matter. There was still light in John according to Sherlock but there was darkness as well. John needed to feed. He needed blood and that was where Molly came into play. "You have access to the blood bank." Sherlock pressed urgently.
Irene hummed thoughtfully. Hopefully, this lead would prove to be more substantial than the one that she had been chasing. She quickly departed to meet Sherlock.
"Molly, please." Sherlock pleaded. His desperation was clear. Molly sighed feeling her resolve falter. She never could resist Sherlock Holmes.
The man paid him no mind and continued to get closer craning his neck to more closely examine the scene but still standing just outside the crime scene barrier. His eyes moved rapidly around the area as he took everything seemingly at lightening speed. He then looked Greg in the eye confidently then spoke in a rich baritone that belied his youthful appearance. "Murderer was a right handed male between the height of 5'8-5'10, sloppy, likely a crime of passion and therefore he knew the victim. Begin with the lovers, close friends and family."
"He's not dead, Mycroft!" Sherlock snarled. Mycroft could see the panic overwhelm him. He was desperate, willing to do anything.
"Likewise," Jones replied with a half smile. John could see his curiosity under the surface, but John didn't like to disclose his background to just anyone. That was something that must be earned and was a sign of implicit trust on his part. The only one who knew his whole story was Bill Murray. Even his commanding officers didn't know everything, as Mycroft had altered and redacted much of the information in his military file.
"If you say so, Mr. 'omles." The boy replied. "Ta for the tea and biscuits." He then let himself out leaving John once again stunned.
"Very well, Dr. Hooper. Let's go. The game is on." Sherlock urged earning another sigh from the priest as he lit a cigarette.
"He will never hurt you" becomes his mantra he is careful not to tangle the red strings connecting these memories with so many others. He snips the threads that lead back to the worst of his resentment. The rest, he handles gently, not wanting to jolt the feelings he keeps at the ends. Sentiment will only distract him.
That was how she found herself moving along the bank of the Thames the next day. Molly groaned as she waded along the bank of the Thames looking for the culprit. This wasn't her area of expertise, but she had to try. She needed to confirm her suspicions before she started calling in favors. Molly had built up quite a few. Not among other necromancers, they had shunned her long ago, but she had helped many a Fay and their skills ranged more widely than hers. If she could confirm that it was the Kelpie, which took the children, then she would know whom to call upon for help. Mermaids, Nymphs, or Selkies were all powerful water Fay. Molly closed her eyes and started to conjure, she could often speak to the dead with fully raising them. They often could tell her things that others could not. "I call upon you, lend me your ears." She waited and then heard whispers followed by the sounds of children playing, the distinctive neigh and nickers of a horse, and finally screams and splashes. Kelpie. She had been right. Before Molly knew what was happening, something pulled her hair forcing her head back painfully.
"I find it ironic that you're posing as a priest, when we have Greg at our disposal, though I suspect that you've burned a bridge with this case in that regard." John said as he took in Sherlock in a Cossack and roman collar. The look on John's face was easy to read. The sight boggled the mind, such a contradiction. Sherlock scoffed and sighed.
“I’m sorry, Son. Since you’re only 15, I’ll have to put in a call to social services regarding foster care. I can put you up in an empty patient room until we get the social worker involved.” John nodded numbly feeling ill. His head ached and his stomach was in knots. The doctor looked him over shrewdly.
“I’m sorry, Son. She’s gone. We did everything we could.” John shook his head in denial and couldn’t stop the tears from flowing down his cheeks. No! It wasn’t fair. John looked around the empty waiting room. Harry had run off. She was out getting drunk somewhere, no doubt. John was now alone with no one but the exhausted looking physician. “Is there anyone I can call?” The man asked in a gentle voice. John shook his head and answered brokenly.
"This is a turn up, isn't Sherlock?" John's disembodied voice echoed through the empty room. The shocked look on the detective's face was priceless
"The water, John. Drink the water. Greg anointed it with his blood during the ritual." Sherlock urged and breathed a sigh of relief when John did as he requested scooping up the remaining water into his palm and drinking it with a sigh. Sherlock watched warily as John's eyes shifted from gold to blue and the wards across his torso faded away. As John turned to move down the stairs of the alter, Sherlock caught a glimpse of the shimmer white rendition of wings.
"Yes, please." Rosie handed him the used tissue. She felt a little better now, and was glad Gran and Grandad's bedroom was right next door if she needed them during the night.
"Because." Sherlock planted his feet and wrenched himself free of John's hands. He stepped back, shaking his head, pulling Stone's lead in so he didn't trip over it again. "I have never hit you, and I never would." He locked eyes with John, trying to make him understand that this wasn't something that had changed since he'd been hurt last year.
"Sorry, what? It's just a plant," Sherlock repeated. "You've been taking care of me for years, and I'm still alive. Stone's doing fine, too. Since when does everything you touch turn to shit?"
"Yes." Sherlock pulled his feet in so he was sitting more compactly in his chair. "After...after Sherrinford. After it came out, everything that Mycroft had done to hide Eurus from me and our parents and to keep her locked up there, we had a number of...family discussions. He no longer monitors me as he used to, you can be assured of that."
John grimaced. "It's just...." He sighed. "Moriarty, I guess." He rolled his chair back a few feet, then skidded it forward abruptly.
Mycroft's nose wrinkled and he turned to John. "Another one of your spawn, I assume. Didn't you learn anything from the first accidental pregnancy?"
"Of course I do, Rosie. I love you both a whole lot. But I still don't want to listen to you discuss ashes and soot." John headed off through the kitchen, but Rosie didn't let Sherlock dwell on his slight for long.
Mrs. Hudson was not so easily dissuaded from her goal of cleaning for them. She picked up an empty mug that had been left on the coffee table and carried it into the kitchen. "Oh, Sherlock, are you still playing with those fingers?" She shuddered. "You really need to get rid of them. They're bound to start smelling soon, and lord knows this flat has enough smelly old things in it." She extracted another dog biscuit from the container and took it out to Stone in the livng room.
Sorry for the long wait--I am trying not to pressure myself with this story, but I also got distracted and wrote
Aunt Eurus clapped her hands together. "Okay. Let's go get them, Rosie. We can decorate the whole flat together. Just think how surprised your dads will be when they get home."
"It's all right." John shifted Eve to one arm and carefully stood, stepping around the glider's footstool so he could put her back down in her cot.
There was another long pause, and John hoped it meant Sherlock was reconsidering his refusal to take her to hospital right now, but after a few seconds he said, "Okay. Thank you. Please hurry."
Sherlock smiled and wiped at his eyes one more time, recalling how just a few short years ago Rosie had been unable to say most of his name. Sh'wock, indeed. He sat up slowly, dropping his feet to the ground, and stood, expecting the floor to roll and his stomach to churn. Nothing happened. He felt fine. What was in that wine? How could he possibly have recovered so quickly? He shook his head, which wasn't spinning at all, and crossed the room towards the Christmas tree, wondering what else could have made him so emotional tonight.
Sherlock pursed his lips, then nodded. "I don't know If she can truly be rehabilitated at this point, and I don't want to see her set free, but I also think she deserves something of a second chance. It's why I've been visiting her all these years."
Sherlock reached a thicker batch of mud and stopped. Normally he didn't mind if he got dirty, but he liked the shoes he was wearing and he didn't fancy walking back into the flat to face Mycroft and Anthea while covered in mud. "Stone, come on! Come here, boy!"
John stood up from the bed to allow Sherlock access, and Rosie sat up, threw her arms around Sherlock's neck, and smacked him on the cheek with her lips. He kissed her nose delicately in return and then stepped back from the bed.
"Yeah, that happens when the water breaks. Come on." He put his hands out and Sherlock huffed and turned around, sparing John the need to try to physically wrestle him back towards the bedroom.
The bedroom had borne the brunt of the damage; a strong breeze blew through the broken window, but it wasn't enough to disperse all the smoke that still hung grey in the air. Even without the room's lights on, it was clear at a glance where the drone had landed before the grenade had gone off: there was now a ragged hole in the centre of the wool blanket atop their bed, and the sheets beneath it were stained black with soot.
"Sure, you can," Sherlock said. "The more, the merrier. They'll get to meet us, and a number of Scotland Yard's finest, plus Molly, the medical examiner who never shies away from an awkward conversation. Most of us will probably be drunk. Whichever of your prospects survives the evening is the one you ask on a second date."
Sherlock shook his head. "No. It's fine. You can wrap it when we get home. Let's just get out of here."
"Well then, you should pay your employees better. They have to put up with you. I, however, am under no such obligation." He strode across the office to the rack where his coat hung and slipped it from the peg, making sure it flared out around him as he put it on. "I'll have my secretary return your payment first thing in the morning."
Some time later, he heard the lift run again. He put his hand down and grabbed Stone's collar just as the motor stopped and the doors folded open.
John grinned at his phone and set it back down again, sliding it to the far side of the table to make it harder to give in to the temptation to message Mycroft. He wasn't sure if Sherlock or Eurus had already known the word for a baby's first bowel movement or if they'd had to google it, but it did indeed sound as if they had everything under control. He slept for a while after that, and more soundly than he'd expected. If it hadn't taken him so long to fall asleep to begin with, he might have suspected Sherlock—or Eurus—of drugging him, but he knew he'd just been exhausted enough—mentally and emotionally, if not physically—to finally sleep.
John let his nurse know that he needed a few minutes before his next patient. It would be quicker to call Sherlock than return his text, since he could get an immediate response rather than waiting for a reply. And Sherlock did answer, on the first ring.
Sherlock pursed his lips and didn't reply. People always told him he looked younger than he was, but what was the use of that if it didn't actually prevent him from getting old?
"Okay, this is really, really uncomfortable. Please." Mary edged closer to the door. "I do need your help, but I can come back later today if I have to."
Sherlock left the room and John let Rosie finish up with her bath—it was really just a warm soak to make her feel better. She climbed out of the tub and he handed her a towel, then realized he had no clean clothes for her. "Hang on, sweetie. I'll run upstairs and get you something to wear."
Sherlock waved his hand. "Of course not. Mycroft just likes to overreact in the most dramatic fashion possible."
John laughed. "I think we've already committed to that." He nodded at the stack of gifts he'd brought out from the bedroom cupboard while Sherlock was putting Rosie to bed. Most were wrapped already; now he finished putting the last few toys they'd bought into gift bags while Sherlock arranged all of the packages beneath the tree.
"Trains!" Rosie abandoned the telly and spent the rest of the day helping Mycroft assemble his old train sets, arranging them not just around the tree but across the entire room.
He hadn't thought about it until John's lips were wrapped around him, but it had been over a week since they had shared anything more than a quick kiss. And the last time they'd done anything like this in public had been a year ago, on the day John left the rehab centre. Sherlock let himself smile. Maybe this would work, and even if it didn't help him solve the case, at least things were better than they'd been at this time last year. He let himself fall into John's rhythm, thrusting into his mouth, though not as forcefully as he normally would, given his precarious position on Lestrade's desk.
John broke the kiss and released his grip after a few seconds. Sherlock smirked at him. "You think a single kiss from you will enable me to solve this case?"
"Jesus, Sherlock. Really? I have to listen to those things every time I want to hear you make that sound?"
The climb seemed to take ten times as long as it normally would. He should have taken the lift, though it didn't go all the way to the roof. Something seized in his chest as he thought of what he would do if John were here with him.
"Yes." John had meant it as a joke, but Sherlock sounded serious. For a moment, at least. "And I'll text you if I have any real problems, and you can offer me all the fatherly wisdom you've gained over the last two years."
"He's virtually raising one already, in case you haven't noticed. He parents Rosie nearly as much as I do, and just as well."
He squinted at her as she began to climb the stairs. She didn't appear to be in any sort of digestive distress, but she kept her left hand spread across her middle and gripped the railing tightly with her right as she climbed.
John clicked on the small lamp and Sherlock dropped down on the bed. "If you're sore, you really don't have to—"
John looked torn, and Sherlock knew how hard it was for him to put aside his concern for Rosie. "She'll be fine. The bathroom is right below her room. We'll hear if she wakes up."
"No, no he wasn't. He thought you'd be an easy victim, but he was wrong. Even when you were just starting to wake up, you fought back. He wouldn't have been able to control you if he hadn't drugged you that second time."
(And thanks to St. Vincent for the fic title, from her song Masseduction, which doesn't have too much to do with this story, but the whole album just gives me Johnlock/Holmes family vibes. Probably because of all the drug references.)
He was about to leave when he remembered one more thing he needed. Somewhat reluctantly, he opened the drawer to his nightstand and pulled out his meds. John would say this was not the time to start weaning himself from them, and he knew it was true. He sighed and walked around the ruined bed to John's nightstand, rummaged in the drawer for the bottle of Viagra, then, after a moment's consideration, put it back. There weren't many pills left; John would need a refill soon.
"Hi, yes. Sorry." John cleared his throat and pulled Sherlock's phone from his pocket, holding it out between them. "You've got a text."
"It's from Mary," John said, redundantly, since Sherlock had a clear view of the screen. "She—" John paused, brow wrinkling. He turned the phone all the way towards Sherlock.
John moved closer so that his chair was sideways in front of Sherlock. He leaned over and wrapped his right hand around Sherlock's left fist. He was wearing gloves and the leather was slick from the rain, but his grip was firm. "Let's go home. Get out of this rain, have something to eat and drink. You'll feel better at home."
I wrote a 221B ficlet that's set in this universe if anyone is interested--it takes place after this story, when Sherlock and John go on holiday with the Holmes family.
"Oh, er, yeah." John glanced at his watch. "I—I should. Will you be all right alone for a bit? I was planning to pick up dinner and bring it back here, if you'd like me to."
Fortunately, John chose that moment to come down the stairs; Sherlock could hear Rosie babbling to him, still excited about the "wights" she had seen last night. He leaned back in his chair and grinned at her as John carried her into the kitchen. "Good morning little rosebud. Are you ready for some breakfast? I think Mrs. Hudson has some Christmas stollen that you would enjoy."
"Oh, no! He's not up there. He was in Speedy's with us!" She turned, wobbling on her heels, and pointed at the café behind her. Her bodyguard steadied her with a hand on her back.
It didn't matter. The only important thing was that John was here and starting to recover from being drugged. Sherlock unlocked his wheels, subconsciously expecting to be told to get his hands off his chair, but all John did was lift his head and mumble.
"Yeah, no. That wasn't Rosie you heard." He gave her another tight smile and tried to subtly back her away from the door.
John nodded vigorously in agreement. "Yes, that's perfect. We'll be right by the back door in case Stone needs to go outside late at night." The only time Stone ever went outside late at night was when Sherlock and John came home late themselves, but Mummy didn't need to know that.
"Are you nervous, really?" Sherlock gave him a steady stare, and John took a moment to take stock of himself.
"Come on, Sherlock, don't—" John started to pull away, but Sherlock put both hands on his hips to prevent him from moving, then leaned forward and pressed his face against the small of John's back.
"John!" Sherlock's voice cracked on the word, and John knew that he felt John's orgasm, felt John's muscles contracting around him, and that it was what pushed Sherlock past the point of any control, as well. Sherlock collapsed against him, his body racked with small, unchecked shivers that John could feel against his skin.
"Really?" Sherlock turned slightly towards him, frowning. "Oh. You mean that, don't you?" He lifted one hand and rubbed at the stubble on his jaw. "Yes, of course, otherwise we'd already have got to the point where you hit me by now."
He had the sound turned low, but he could still hear it when Eurus's violin stopped abruptly, and a moment later Sherlock's playing screeched to a halt, as well. He looked up from the file he was reviewing, frowning at the camera feed. On his second monitor, Mummy and Daddy were leaning forward on their sofa, their hands clasped together. What had Mycroft missed?
John thought of the text Eurus had sent him yesterday, saying much the same thing, but they were both wrong. "I know you can do this. I've seen you with my own child, and I know you're capable of love and affection and that's all you really need in the end."
"Sure, loads of fun. At least he doesn't carry a gun." John took off his coat, wincing as he moved his shoulders.
Mummy carried a bowl of sweets into the living room and set it down on the coffee table. "Oh, look at that. You found the old Lego sets, too. Are you done setting up the trains, then?"
"No, it didn't. I got it on sale after Christmas last year." She gave a nervous giggle. "Because I knew we'd be doing this again this year."
"Well, what do you usually do to entertain yourself when I'm at work all day?" John had worked last Saturday, so he had a rare day off in the middle of the week today.
John glanced down at Sherlock's cock—it was starting to stand up amidst the surrounding tangle of dark hair, but there were no bells attached to it, thankfully. He reached out and gave Sherlock one long, firm stroke, then forced himself to look back up at his face again. "Where are the other ones?"
Rosie slid back in the tub, as if trying to escape, and John put his hand out to stop her. "Hey, hey. It's okay. You're not in trouble. But maybe now you understand why I never let you eat too many snacks all at once, right?"
Mycroft stood without moving for a moment, and John wondered if he should offer to hold Eve, or if Sherlock would now let him physically remove Mycroft from the flat himself. Finally, Mycroft's shoulders lowered a fraction of an inch and he spoke to Sherlock. "You obviously care for this child already, though I do recommend that you not become too attached, as I will be attempting to locate her father. And I must insist that should Eurus return to this flat, or otherwise make contact with you, you inform me immediately. For Eve's sake. Do you understand?"
He pulled his head back slightly to speak. "Of course it's about the case. I'm tired of the case." He rested his head on his knees once more.
He reheated leftovers from their Friday night dinner and Rosie ate everything he gave her—at least she wasn't as picky an eater as some toddlers. In fact, she was less fussy about what she ate than Sherlock was, though she liked sugar just as much. When they were done eating, he made sure to lure her upstairs immediately with the promise of reading her favourite Thomas the Tank Engine book, even though he hated reading Thomas the Tank Engine. It worked, though—she ran to her room without a second glance at the pile of baby items in the living room.
"She's never had high-blood pressure before," Sherlock said, his gaze fixed on the ceiling above them. "Mary didn't have pre-eclampsia. Is there a history of it in your family?"
Dad's eyebrows went up—Rosie was watching him closely—and then he stepped away from the table to turn on the overhead light, even though it wasn't dark out yet. He came back to the table and leaned his hands on the edge of it, staring down at her drawing. "Rosie this...this is stunning."
"Well, I—" Mycroft began, but before he could blather on, Anthea slid her phone across the table, displaying a picture of the device that the drone had been carrying.
Rosie wriggled until he loosened his grip. "You can't ground me. You never even told me she was in prison! I had to figure it out on my own. How was I supposed to know that she escaped? I thought she just got released and didn't tell Sherlock because she wanted it to be a surprise."
Rosie dropped the remote on John's lap and slid off the sofa, running sock-footed past Sherlock to the stairs up to her bedroom.
John lowered the tablet and twisted in his chair to look at him. He glanced at the bottle before returning his gaze to Sherlock's face. "Molly said that?"
"Not yet." John tried to push away all the worries that were returning. "Not yet. Just come here for a moment. Come here." He held his arms out and caught Sherlock as he threw himself onto John's lap. John buried his face in Sherlock's hair, and Sherlock nuzzled at John's neck, and somehow, John knew that given the circumstances of the world today, the two of them could not be in any better position than they were right now, here in the flat with each other.
Sherlock thought he'd done a better job of keeping his opinion on John's current hairstyle hidden, but apparently John was more observant than he'd thought. He made himself smile. "I like your hair no matter what you do with it. I like how all the colours blend."
"I don't think so," John said, just as Donovan walked through the door, confirming with a shake of her head that the answer was no.
"We—" He frowned at her, wondering how she had known what he was about to do. "I'm just about to go talk to him now."
"There are bottles on top of the fridge-freezer, but they'll need to be cleaned." Sherlock turned and left the room; with him gone, John certainly wasn't about to start a conversation with Eurus about whether she planned to breast or bottle-feed the baby.
He fished a pocket knife from the pencil holder on the desk, then picked up the package. Stone gave a whine from his position on John's lap and John murmured his name, scratching him behind the ears to soothe him.
Sherlock stepped past John to retrieve his coat. Once he had it on, it was easier to force his mind back to the case. He handed Lestrade the Crawfords' laptop so he could return it to the evidence technician.
"It does matter! The old Johnny would be climbing up those stairs right now to rescue you, wouldn't he? Who's going to rescue you now, hmm, Sherlock?"
"I don't know him as well as Leo and Bella. We met two weeks ago while I was working at the shelter. He was volunteering in the kitchen. I liked him a lot, and we've texted, but he's at a different school so I've only met him that one time."
Sherlock did look at him for a second, then leaned away from John's touch. "I'm sorry, John. I'm sorry."
"Mmmm." John tipped his head up, arching his back, as his thoughts and words fragmented. All he wanted. All he had. Everything. Everything now. Now. His arms and legs clenched tighter around Sherlock's body, trapping Sherlock's hand between them as John's climax overtook him.
Sherlock watched him, trying to tell if his equanimity was genuine. John stacked the mail into three piles and then moved over to the desk and started to tidy the papers that sat there, clearly trying to keep himself busy to avoid thinking.
He opened his wardrobe to get a bag for the laptops. Other than a couple of dirty shirts that had been lying on the chair in the corner, all of their clothes appeared to be salvageable, although they would need a thorough cleaning and deodorising. He and John would have to stop and pick up something to wear for the next few days. Despite the fact that he was roughly the same size as his father, and John shared his sartorial taste, he didn't think either one of them wanted to borrow Daddy's clothes.
"Fine." Sherlock shrugged into his jacket, arranging his still damp hair over the collar. "Are you all ready?"
John stepped back away from the cot, wondering again if he should leave them alone. Just as he was about to try to slip out of the room, Mrs. Holmes looked up from the cot, frowning at the curtained windows. "You don't get very much light in here, do you, Sherlock? Not ideal for a growing child. And it could use a bit of redecorating. These dark colours are too heavy for a little girl to grow up with."
In the corner of the room, Stone rose from his dog bed with a clatter of his tags and wandered sleepily over to sniffle at Mycroft's trouser leg. Mycroft pushed him away with the toe of his shoe.
"I guess so." He let himself sink into John's embrace and they sat together for a while, watching Stone be entertained by the wildlife outside. Though he wouldn't have admitted it to most people, Sherlock relished the chance to sit in silence like this, especially after the emotional tumult of this morning. Given the opportunity, he thought he might be tempted to take John and Stone and run off to live quietly in the country, where no one else could ever find them.
"Right. I'm sorry. Sherlock does the cooking whenever I'm too sore from being kidnapped and held in handcuffs all day."
John continued to stare at him. He could think of a dozen more arguments, but Sherlock would have an answer to all of them, and he was exhausted. "All right. All right. We'll let her sleep for now, and figure it all out in the morning. But we have to talk about it then, and make some real decisions. We can't keep two people hidden in your bedroom forever."
He didn't stop; he got even worse. "You're my angel, darling," he said. "And you’re an amazing artist." He leaned over and kissed her on the forehead—it was so annoying how much shorter she still was next to him. But she let him do it, and didn't even squirm away from his hug. She felt a lot better about her drawing and her talent as an artist now, even if it was just Dad who thought she was any good.
John swallowed, reminding himself that it was none of his business who or why Sherlock texted. He stood up, making himself head upstairs to his own room, so he wouldn't be tempted to look at Sherlock's phone and read—or delete—Irene's message. He scowled at the foot bath as he walked past it, but didn't stop to pick it up.
Sherlock looked back at him, lips pressed together, his expression not nearly as blank as Eurus's had been. John closed his eyes briefly and then walked around to the front of his armchair to sit across from him.
"Hmm, well." Anderson put his hand on his chin and made a show of surveying everyone seated around the table. "I would use the foot bath, but I won't steal that from you, John, since it seems that Sherlock is shirking his duty."
John stretched his legs out until his toes touched the railing of the balcony, and looked back over his shoulder into the hotel room, to see how poorly Sherlock was treating the room service attendant. Thankfully, he appeared to have secured their food without incident, and a few moments later they were both sat on the balcony, enjoying their anniversary meal together. Ten years.
"Erm, no, thank you. I don't fancy the shaved head look." John combed his fingers through the same spot and then took Sherlock's hand and brought it to his lips for a kiss.
Sherlock sighed, then tried to make the best of the situation. "That's an excellent idea. Why don't you all pop downstairs for breakfast?"
"If you say so." And sure enough, when John went downstairs and opened the door to the street, he found Rosie practically hanging from the knob on the other side.
"Come here, my little Rose." Sherlock pulled her fully into his arms and stood up, settling her on his hip, his right arm holding all her weight. He walked around the end of the coffee table to stand next to John. "You can explain it to her better when she's older, but it won't hurt anything for now. They'll certainly see each other frequently, if Eve is living here with me. And she already calls Molly her aunt and Mrs. Hudson 'Granny.' Her family doesn't need to be determined by genetics."
"John!" Eurus's voice rang out through the flat. She stepped into view on the far side of the kitchen. "I don't suppose you have any spare trousers that you've left here in Sherlock's flat, do you? I'm going to be swimming in his." She held up a pair of grey jogging bottoms; in her other hand she clutched a dark blue t-shirt.
"It was not all day. And I made a pizza after we got back from our sex holiday, but you wouldn't eat it."
"Nope. You had plenty of other things on your mind. Budge over. I want to stretch out after that car ride."
"Like Moriarty," she said. Sherlock and Dad had never talked to her about Aunt Eurus, but she knew a lot about Moriarty and the things he'd done. "Did Moriarty escape from prison, too? And then Sherlock caught him on the roof of the hospital and he killed himself instead of going back?"
"She sounds like every pregnant woman," John said, then turned to Eurus. "You seem to have had a very healthy pregnancy, and everything looks like it should right now. You just have to wait to be a couple more centimetres dilated, and then it will be time to push. You're almost done." He almost said that she'd be holding her baby soon, but he still couldn't imagine her with a child in her arms. He knew he should get used to the idea, because they didn't have a lot of time left, but Eurus as a mother was truly unimaginable.
"Oh, you're not taking any risks? You're not? This is my choice, not yours." John let go of Stone's collar and folded his hands in his lap; somehow the movement seemed threatening.
John stepped towards him and they embraced; John was warm and solid and entirely too enticing in his arms. Sherlock let himself linger perhaps longer than was wise, though in his defense he did feel the need to savor such a rare opportunity. But John didn't seem to be trying to pull away, either. He had his arms firmly wrapped around Sherlock's torso, his hands resting lightly on his back. The hug went on for several seconds, until Rosie called out, "Now kiss, too!"
Time had lost all meaning over the past year, in most respects, but now every second ticked its imprint into Sherlock's mind. After 46 seconds, the kiss ended and John stepped back. His cheeks were flushed and the grin on his face made him appear even younger than the day they'd first met, over a decade ago. Sherlock wanted to wrap his whole body around him and never let go, but John started to talk, instead.
He cursed as he tried to manoeuvre with Stone around an elderly man who was staring in the direction of the smoke that was now billowing into the air.
"There's only one way to find out." Sherlock lifted his head to meet John's lips, and for a little while everything really was perfect.
"If only life were really that easy. She'll have used a burner phone and disposed of it. Or borrowed one from some unsuspecting bystander. We would waste resources chasing after it only to discover that she's long gone—you have learned about the ability to schedule a text now, haven't you, John?"
"Not really. Sorry." John slowly made his way back and forth across the room, paying extra attention to how he placed his crutches as he moved from the carpet to the hardwood floor and back again. "Stop staring at me. I'm not going to fall."
"Excellent medical advice," Sherlock heard Mycroft mutter behind him. He raised a hand in acknowledgement and opened the door to the building. The power hadn't been restored yet, so it was dim as he stepped inside and pulled the door shut behind him. The scent of smoke was strong even here in the entryway and grew as he climbed the stairs, walking up into a haze that made it even more difficult to see. He put a hand over his nose and mouth to minimise the amount he inhaled, though he had no doubt that over the years his smoking habit had caused him more damage than would a few minutes of breathing the air in the flat.
"I didn't. Mycroft did. He was terrible at it though, and he always got sunburned, even when it was cloudy. It was hilarious."
, published in March of last year: “Cumulative Use of Strong Anticholinergics and Incident Dementia: A Prospective Cohort Study.” A queasy feeling began to curl through his gut as he read the abstract.
John grinned and crossed the room to open the fridge. There were still some very-expired leftovers hiding in the back, but at least everything in it had once been edible. Sherlock had moved anything that wasn't food to a small fridge-freezer he'd installed downstairs in 221A.
"Only for a minute or so, before Anthea was able to knock him off the air. But we were able to keep watching even after that. He was making a point of playing with you, called it 'Fun and Games with Jim'."
"Sorry. And I'm sorry if I've been a little short with you today. It's just—" John waved his free hand towards the empty box that Sherlock had dissected, hoping to find a clue.
"Oh, I happen to know for a fact that you've saved a life or two in your time. Don't discount yourself."
"John," Sherlock said, and brought his free hand up to John's mouth. John sucked his first two fingers between his lips and Sherlock moaned, loud enough that John was glad they weren't directly above Mrs. Hudson's flat. He ran his tongue over Sherlock's knuckles inside his mouth and realised he was more than willing to suck anything Sherlock wanted him to, as long as it made him moan like that.
"Yes, Rosie's hand-me-downs are bound to have stains on them." Mrs. Holmes stood up and began to gather the tea cups onto the tray. A few minutes later, she and Mrs. Hudson were on their way out of the flat, still chatting excitedly about what they wanted to buy for Eve. John didn't bother giving them the list he had started to make earlier. He suspected Sherlock wouldn't be happy with half of what they bought, but at least it got them out of the flat for a while.
Sherlock slid to the end of the sofa and pulled a footstool close so John could put his feet up on it. "How could I forget that the bedrooms are upstairs? I lived here for twenty years."
CW for brief mentions of drug use (beginning of chapter) and short discussion of suicide (end of chapter). Wait, is parentlock supposed to be fluffy? There's a lot of cute baby holding in between.
John could not remember ever having a Christmas Eve as perfect as this one. Last year, Rosie had been too young to be at all aware of the date, and he and Sherlock had still been awkwardly tiptoeing around each other, fumbling their way into a relationship that they both wanted but neither knew how to achieve. Before that...no. It had never been like this. He closed his eyes and let himself be lulled by the warmth of the fire and the steady weight of Sherlock's arms around him. He had everything he'd ever wanted, now, and for the first time since he was a child, he thought that Christmas might be more than just another date on the calendar.
Her smile was still terrifying, even with Eve inches away to soften it. "Lucky for you that Sherlock played the game well enough to save you both."
"How sweet," Eurus said. "Stop talking. Sherlock, reach one of those giant hands of yours around and take hold of Doctor Watson's cock now. Please."
He could still hear John in the kitchen, packing a lunch and making himself breakfast. He would be leaving soon, so Sherlock would wait, but he wasn't going back to sleep, not today.
"Yes, of course. And I sanitised one of the scales I have in the kitchen, so we can weigh the baby. It goes up to eleven pounds—that should be enough, right?"
"Shh! Sherlock's asleep!" She let go of the door and her whole body turned as she pointed toward the sofa, where Sherlock was indeed asleep, curled on his side, only his head and one hand sticking out from beneath the quilt that was usually kept on Rosie's bed.
"Is it? How do you know?" John looked at Mycroft, who was leaning back on the sofa, carefully holding a scone in one hand.
John stepped out of the bathroom wearing one of the hotel's plush dressing gowns to discover Sherlock standing in the bedroom, naked and grinning.
"What? Yes, yes. I was just trying to figure out a way to end that sentence without using the phrase 'ring my bells.' Sorry."
Mycroft left, and Sherlock took Eve so John could phone Molly and let her know that Eurus was gone and that he would come pick up Rosie soon. When he got off the phone—the conversation took less than five minutes—he found Sherlock and Eve both asleep in the bedroom, Eve in her cot and Sherlock stretched out on his bed on top of the blankets.
Rather than cooperating with his desire for a fast getaway, John started to help move the chairs back to where they belonged.
They rearranged themselves so they were side-by-side on their backs, the floral bedsheet Sherlock recalled from his childhood covering them both to mid-chest. "I didn't bring any lube, either. Didn't think we'd need it."
"Nonsense," Sherlock said. "I've already cleaned the kitchen floor. A bit more vomit won't bother me. I'll start a load of laundry while you two finish up in here." He wrinkled his nose at John. "Take off your vest, too. You've got it all wet from the bathwater."
He took the book bag from the table and crouched down to Rosie's level. "Come on, let's pack up all your things so we can go home and see Daddy. Did you have a good day at school?"
Sherlock paused and looked down at Eve again before speaking softly. "I'm sorry. I didn't think about that. I just needed...."
This one gets explicit so if you're not into that, you might want to skip it I guess. If you are into it, welcome!
Sherlock hesitated a moment, then nodded. He pushed the coffee table even further away from the sofa before sitting down at the end. "I could rub your feet, if you want. You've been working more than usual this week and wearing the same shoes every day."
Back then he'd had many people working for him, and they'd been the ones to do the dirty work of abducting and press-ganging innocent bystanders. But now? Did he still have people working for him, or had his network dissolved while he'd been in prison? Whoever had removed the fingers had been left-handed, based on the angles of the cuts, so perhaps Moriarty did have to do everything for himself now.
Sherlock had been asleep, as well, John knew, though he opened his eyes when John closed the door. "Hello, John," he said, his voice soft and thick with sleep. He smoothed Rosie's hair away from his face and smiled. "Welcome home."
Ignoring the mystery of why Sherlock had kept one of his old t-shirts in his drawer for the better part of a decade, John tipped his head in the direction of the kitchen. "Go get some scissors—not the ones from my med kit—and slice off about a foot of the bottom fabric. And find some big safety pins, if you can."
He'd been tired enough to sleep after they'd eaten, but now he was wide awake. He sat in the recliner just the same, though he left it upright, sitting with his knees beneath his chin.
"That's probably true." John smiled half-heartedly. "She's been pretty harsh on him. Because of Eurus. How he lied about her all those years."
"No." John picked up the remote from where it sat between them and moved it out of Sherlock's easy reach. "I want to see."
Sherlock sighed and turned to put his legs up on the sofa as he had planned. "It's been nearly a week already. I should be able to put weight on it by now."
Sherlock paused, trying to step carefully through the anger he could hear budding in John's tone. "It's not that I want to be apart from you. It's just—"
Rosie sort of smiled at her, which was probably the most Molly could hope for right now. "Do you want to go back out to the party, or do you want me to go get your dads and tell them you want to go home?"
"If he had, he would have given us a clue, made it into another game." Sherlock checked his phone to see if Moriarty had indeed contacted him again, but there were no new messages. He sighed, then noticed that beneath the layer of papers and folders on Gemma's desk lay a large desktop calendar. He shoved the papers out of the way so he could see the current week's schedule. "And no one has talked to any of her co-workers yet?"
"I do have excellent reflexes. And I am a fast learner." And he knew he would be more inclined to take part if John were also involved. "Maybe. I'll check my schedule, see if I'm free." He reached over to pull one of the newspapers off the table and began to leaf through it so John would stop talking about his mental health. "Oh, looks like Mummy is about to be disappointed."
"Exactly," Sherlock said. "And he must have known we weren't in the building. If he was able to pilot that drone precisely enough to hit our bedroom window, I'm sure he was able to see that everyone had left the flat." He paused, considering the ramifications. "He's not escalating his attacks, but he is getting closer. First it was his own employees, then Gemma, then Mycroft, now us."
"I'm out of the country right now, but if you're having an emergency we can talk for a bit or I can refer you to one of my colleagues."
He glanced at the door to Mrs. Hudson's flat before he started up the staircase. She always chided him if he didn't stop and say hello, but he thought today it might be better if she remained unaware that anything unusual was happening upstairs.
Sherlock. John's loyalty was normally to him, of course, just not in this one particular matter. And Sherlock knew where he stood when it came to Eurus being out of prison. So why did he feel guilty for calling Mycroft instead of Sherlock when she'd texted him?
He leaned forward, making himself look beyond John to the room in which he was being held. It was brightly lit, most likely with fluorescent overhead bulbs, based on the way the light coloured John’s skin. Behind him was a wall painted a generic beige: an office of some sort, probably in an empty complex.
“They couldn’t help themselves. They were bonded. If not for the 5 miscarriages between us, they would have had more. Mummy only stopped after she hemorrhaged requiring a hysterectomy right after you were delivered.”
Greg took a deep breath. "Feed. Once your hunger is controlled, it will be easier to fight. I cannot lie to you John. It won't be easy. The darkness is much stronger than the light, but I have faith in you and so does Sherlock. We will help you anyway we can." Greg promised. John nodded looking a bit overwhelmed but determined. Before Greg thought better of it, the question slipped from his lips. "You saved her. Why were you struck down? You saved an innocent."
"Going by the look on Greg's face as he gazed at John's soul, it was a sacred and beautiful sight. Lestrade has seen more darkness than I and is not one to be easily awestruck, yet he looked…I can't quite describe it…but he just said 'It's worth saving.' I trust his judgment and so does John." Molly was once again struck speechless. Greg had soul gazed? Only the strongest medians were capable of that. She couldn't repress a shudder at the thought. Lucky, so lucky, it could have gone terribly wrong. Perhaps, there was a chance.
Mycroft frowned. He was usually not one to second guess his prior decisions, but couldn't help but do so in this case. Captain John H. Watson, MD had just completed his phase 1 basic training. Although he was already a ranking officer, Mycroft had not circumvented the requirement that John attend the training as it had been years since he had been on active duty. The course was required to be completed in order to prove that John's skills and physical condition were still up to par. John had bemoaned the fact that he would be placed in a class designed for new recruits who were just learning skills that John had long ago mastered.
In one of Sherlock’s more spiteful moments, he even tells him that if he goes on like this, he’ll die of a heart attack just like their father. He can still feel the sting of his knuckles on his cheek. It’s the only time Mycroft has ever struck him.
When he goes back down, everything is right where he left it. He can only conclude that nothing that he has ever tried to leave in the Shadow Room before belonged there, with the exception of the one memory he cannot control. As he reviews what he knows, he tugs a few stray threads to shake down his emotional processing. Somewhere between the crisscross of jealousy and resentment and petty anger, everything falls into place.
“Do you ever think there’s something wrong with us?” Sherlock had voiced that question in the morgue at Bart’s with nothing more than mere curiosity. He had no idea of the true answer. Yes, there was something wrong with both of them. Broken; they were both broken. Mycroft much more so. When Mycroft was sent off to Harrow for boarding school, he dreaded leaving Sherlock alone. Fearing that their Father would turn his abuse to his brother, Mycroft had used the one piece of leverage he had over their Father. His silence. He had promised to never speak of the abuse to the authorities if their father left Sherlock untouched. He had agreed but during Mycroft’s holiday break after his first semester of school he had seen the man staring longingly in his brother’s direction. Mycroft knew then that it was only a matter of time before he broke his word. Mycroft had to stop it and he devised the perfect solution. He couldn’t tell his mother that was out of the question. She had turned a blind eye for years and would never leave their father. No; Mycroft knew that the only way to truly be rid of the man was to put him in his grave. Mycroft switched his medication; replacing his digoxin and lasix with similar looking vitamins. Without the correct medication, it was less than a month before their father suffered a fatal heart attack.
"Dear Mr. Holmes, I can't find Bluebell anywhere. Could you please help? But wait, there's more, before she disappeared she turned luminous, like a fairy. Then, the next day she was gone." Sherlock quoted.
"Death waits for us all in Samara, but can Samara be avoided?" Sherlock probed. Mycroft sighed before he replied.
"Yes, I've been hearing about you concern." The man snapped with a glare in the sergeant's direction who flushed under the scrutiny.
Mycroft was pulled from his thoughts by the sound of clicking echoing on the wood floors. After a obligatory rap on the door, it opened quickly revealing Anthea. Her chestnut hair was pulled into a classic French twist and her make up was subtle but striking. It brings out her full lips and highlights her chocolate colored eyes. "I trust I procured the necessary information, sir." She inquired with a slight quirk of her eyebrow.
"John and I are on our way. We are not going to leave your side until that succubus has been banished." Sherlock insisted earning a tired sigh from the priest.
"I didn't tell him, Lestrade. I give you my word. I would never betray you like that." Sherlock interjected before continuing. "He deduced that I was a hunter after looking at my flat. He's no goldfish."
Sherlock wanted to scream. For as much as he wanted to believe that Mycroft was lying, he couldn't. He had seen first hand the horror in John's eyes as he had been forced to watch Sherlock's fall. He had heard it in his voice as John had begged Sherlock not to jump. His fault; this was all his fault. In trying to save John from Moriarty, Sherlock may have sentenced him to death in the military. He felt helplessness overtake him and it was a feeling that he loathed. Sherlock took another deep breath and forced himself to calm down. He needed to finish this mission before John was harmed. Sherlock closed his eyes and drifted off to his mind palace to rethink his strategy.
Greg was pulled from his sleep by the darkness. Greg looked around his cell cloistered within the small rectory. He didn't recognize the source at first. After all, few creatures would dare to venture into Westminster Cathedral. He looked around but saw nothing. But there was something lying in wait, he could feel it in his bones. Greg flipped on the lamp and was greeted by the sight of a nude female. She was beautiful with blue eyes, dark chestnut hair perfectly done, smoky eyes and blood red lips; beautiful and deadly. The red pendant around her neck matched her lips perfectly. The only imperfection was a burn on her right calf, which was strange. Nonetheless, Greg was certain that this was their succubus. How had she managed to get passed the runes and into his cell?
John remembered the funeral service vaguely. It had been a dreary day, overcast and damp, almost appropriately somber. John had stayed after all of the mourners had left and though he couldn't recall every word that he had spoken at Sherlock's grave, he did remember asking him for one more miracle. "Please, don't be dead." He had begged. Someone had then cleared their throat loudly and John had stiffened as he realized that he must have been overheard. He had turned to find Mycroft Holmes standing behind him, looking cool and collected, perfectly put together as always. John felt his anger build. He knew that Sherlock and Mycroft had a difficult relationship, though he didn't know their back-story and now likely never would, but they were still brothers, nonetheless. His brother was dead and there was no trace of emotion in the man. No pain, no regret, not even anger, nothing. Cold as ice. Irene Adeler's voice echoed in his memory. Iceman. The description fit him like a glove.
John looked down and a flush spread across his cheeks as he looked at the three sleeping figures on the floor. "My fault, it's my fault." Unlike before John's words were filled with emotion and laced with guilt. John once again stood over Greg and Sherlock came closer standing beside him. John knelt down and murmured a phrase in the soft lilting language that Sherlock now knew to be angelic and his hands glowed a brilliant pure white. He touched Greg's relic causing it to pulse brightly and a moment later Greg jolted upright with a startled gasp. "I'm sorry." John whispered, "Forgive me, Father for I have sinned
The woman seemed to deflate, her anger draining away. "Where were both of you when Johnny needed you?"
Sherlock moved towards the Cathedral's entrance moving his palm over his sore cheek. He knocked as he opened the door. He was greeted by silence. He looked around the darkened church seeing only empty pews. "Hello, I've been attacked. Could someone help me?" He asked. The silence was broken be a moan causing both Sherlock and John to turn around towards the sound. There, standing right in front of them, was their mark. It seemed easy, too easy. It felt like a trap.
"I don't know what to tell you." Anthea said. "Besides to do as you've always done and watch over him and you're already doing that." She then turned and sat on his lap straddling him. "Let's see if we can get rid of some of this built up tension." She began kissing the crook of his neck with just a hint of teeth as her hands massaged his scalp gently and her body arched against him. Mycroft sighed deeply and Anthea could feel his body responding.
"Of course he is, my love, but he is no Fay. He's an honor guard knight, they are descended from the knights of templar, who were some of the most powerful mystics known to man. Once they take the Oath, they become something more than human. If he has even half of knowledge which they have been passing down for centuries, then his power not only rivals Sherlock's, but mine as well." Mycroft insisted. "I'm am certain beyond a doubt that he has not used his power to its full potential. He's holding back and I'm not sure why."
"Nay, I've only met one of them in passing, but I have a bad feeling about this, it all seems a bit off and what's more, it hits a bit too close to home, if you know what I mean." Greg confided. Molly hummed thoughtfully.
The doctor led him to a room with a small bed. “I’ll get you some juice and a fever reducer. It’s likely dehydration and stress. Try to rest. I’ll look in on you later tonight.” The doctor promised. John nodded thankfully and climbed into bed.
The question encompassed not only the notion of why Mycroft had allowed it to happen, but also why John had accepted the offer in the first place and went through with the reenlistment. Sherlock forced himself to breathe deeply as his heart raced in a panic. He was trapped and unable to help John until he completed the mission to take down every operative and contact in Moriarty's web. He looked down at his phone in disbelief as Mycroft's reply came through.
Sherlock had enough to go on now, but there was something that he had to do first. The cause of Billy's death was exsanguination. The only wounds were two puncture marks over the carotid artery. While the Met was at a loss, Sherlock knew exactly what had killed the boy. A vampire, very likely the same vampire involved with the succubus that Lestrade had just banished, Irene Adler. It was all connected somehow, but what was the link? Sherlock was determined to find out. He felt a flare of guilt over the boys' death. If Sherlock had not asked him for information regarding Adler, then he would likely still be alive. The vampire would pay for that, Sherlock would make sure of it. Sherlock hailed a cab and went in search of the hound named Toby. The dog never left the boy's side and Sherlock was not about to let the animal fall by the wayside.
There was a woman sitting in the back seat typing quickly on a blackberry. She was lovely with chestnut hair and light golden brown eyes with full lips and a pert nose. She was dressed professionally and didn't even look at him as he sat down and studied her carefully. She looked perfectly human, but she wasn't. There was a magical aura surrounding her that only a few were able to recognize. Witch, what's more, a natural witch rather than a self taught human. Her power came from within rather than from spells. Witches, like mages, ran the spectrum, they could be light, dark or fall somewhere in between. "Hello, what's your name, then?" John asked trying to get a feel for her.
"John, fight it. Please." Greg urged in a voice that was barely audible. The priest was pale and barely conscious. It was clear that the ritual had drained him, nearly to the point of death. All for what? John thought bitterly. John took a deep breath and tried to force the hunger back only to have it rise again causing his stomach to cramp painfully. Too much, it was too much to fight. The struggle must have shown on his face causing Greg to call to him gently. "John, come here." Greg beckoned softly, patting the ground gesturing for John to sit beside him. John did as the man asked and approached sitting down beside him causing Mycroft to tighten his grip on his wand. John didn't blame him. John didn't even trust himself as this point. He was teetering on the edge, barely holding on to his control.
"Maybe you're right. I might have gotten lucky twice, but I wasn't thinking of the vampire, only of sending her back to Hell." He admitted. Sherlock, much to John's surprise, remained silent for once not voicing further complaints. "What about Mycroft? Does he owe you any favors? He has access to paranormal files that neither of us do." Greg asked with a look in Sherlock's direction. Sherlock grit his teeth and shook his head.
"Pity, we could have split the proceeds while you fed him false intel. It would have been perfect." Sherlock lamented. John frowned unsure whether or not Sherlock was serious. Just as John was about to start putting the groceries away, there came a knock at the door.
"Gregory…you have two choices. You can forget everything that you just saw and live in ignorance as the majority of people do or you can learn the truth, but to know the truth I need something from you." Greg swallowed around the lump in his throat before answering.
Sherlock was going to use himself as bait. While there were many Catholic churches in London, there were only two Catholic Cathedrals. St. George's and Westminster. Lestrade was housed in Westminster. So Sherlock decided to start with St. George. Ironically, it had not been any of Sherlock's contacts that had come through regarding this but his bloody interfering brother. He loathed being in Mycroft's debt, but needs must. Sherlock took a deep breath. There was no time to waste.
Sherlock smiled. Mycroft was already getting testy. The fat git was nothing if not predictable. It was time to dangle a carrot. Quid pro quo.
"Well, that went well." John said sarcastically. "We'd better get to Westminster. She's going after Greg next. Sherlock nodded and followed as John moved out of the building and hailed a cab.
Anthea smiled, but it did not reach her eyes. She was the only one besides himself and Dr. Hooper who know that Sherlock is still alive. "That might prove difficult." Anthea murmured.
Sherlock couldn’t suppress a shudder. Doomed. It seemed as though both them were cursed be their very nature. It hadn’t always been this way Sherlock closed his eyes and remembered Mummy’s voice as she wove tales of the past.
"Do you recognize the runes?" Greg asked. "I couldn't place them. They aren't of Egyptian, Mayan, Aramaic, Greek or Roman origin." Sherlock frowned deeply and shook his head.
"Yes, you are. You just don't know it yet." She claimed before turning her attention back to Sherlock. "If you won't give me the information I want, then I'll find something to use in order to get it. Extortion is a hobby of mine. You both haven't seen the last of me. That priest of yours will serve as excellent leverage." Sensing that she was about to make an escape, Sherlock pulled the bottle of holy water out from beneath his Cossack pulled off the top and flung it at her. She moved quickly, but not quickly enough. The right side of her calf was burned causing her to hiss in pain. "You'll pay for that!" She promised before disappearing.
"What do you know about hunting?" Sherlock asked fishing for information trying to figure out where in John's background he may have come across the little known knowledge. John smirked happy to have gotten one over on him. Gloating bugger, Sherlock thought bitterly. He would get the whole story. It was only a matter of time. As he plotted his next move, his phone buzzed with a text. His eyes widened when he saw that it was from Lestrade. The priest was good, very good. He didn't ask for assistance often. This would be a least a nine.
Silence, for a moment Greg didn't think that he was going to get an answer, but then Mycroft spoke in the same chilly tone. "I'll tell you the same thing that I told Sherlock. After the funeral, he was distraught, more than distraught, suicidal. I offered him a distraction from his grief and he took it. I did it to save him from himself. I did not wish him harm and hoped that he would live long enough for Sherlock to complete the mission and return. Unfortunately, Sherlock was too late." Greg swallowed and his eyes squeezed shut. He wanted to call Mycroft a lair. But deep down, he knew the man spoke the truth
"You've come the closest. Now you're in my way. It's over, Sherlock. Daddy's had enough now." Moriarty said in a singsong voice. His face then morphed from mocking to solemn. "Clever you, guessing about Carl Powers. I never liked him. Carl laughed at me, so I stopped him laughing. Too bad the Met wouldn't listen to a minor, you were right you know, he didn't drown. I kept a token. His shoes." He admitted gleefully as he took in the shocked look on the detective's face.
Sherlock looked at John out of the corner of his eye while he feigned gazing out of the cab’s window as they made their way back to Baker’s Street. Stony silence filled the cab. Stubborn. John was too bloody stubborn. John had smirked when Sherlock told the cabbie the address. “Rather obvious. First place your brother will look.” John reminded him pointedly. “I’d rather avoid him for a while longer.” Sherlock sighed before replying.
"I had bad days!" John insisted before finally letting him go. After Sherlock had ruffed up his hair, they moved closer.
"You need to focus!" Molly shouted in frustration feeling helpless knowing that nothing would stop Sherlock from going to the end of the earth for John, not even the threat of death. She offered an olive branch sensing a losing game when she saw one. "What can I do?"
"Possible, if he learns the full extent of their involvement, but he's has bigger problems right now. There is still an unknown. Moran. The one thread left in Moriarty's web. If they keep their heads down and mouths shut, he may not go digging. I did warn Molly before she left." Sherlock sighed and Irene could see the guilt in his eyes. "Do you think there's something wrong with me?" Sherlock asked in a voice that was barely above a whisper. Irene took a moment to consider before she answered truthfully.
"The wrist. The radial vein is much smaller than the jugular. It will give you more control over the amount of blood flow. John, I need you to be careful, there is still a risk of exsanguination. You mustn't take too much. When I ask you to stop, you must listen." Sherlock explained looking worried. "Can you do that?" John nodded eagerly. His eyes moved to Sherlock's pale wrist easily spotting the blue vein feeling his eyes pupils dilate in anticipation of finally feeding. John took Sherlock's arm in his hands bringing his left wrist to his mouth and biting down piercing the vein with ease. Sherlock hissed and instinctively attempted to pull away for a moment, but John held tight drinking in deep pulls moaning in pleasure as his hunger was finally satisfied. Sherlock's blood tasted heavenly. "John, stop." Sherlock called. More, He needed more. John left a rush of power mixed with exhilaration. John was so focused on feeding that he failed to notice that his fingernails had lengthened into sharp talons and his eyes had shifted from a mixture of blue and gold to pure amber. "John!" Sherlock shouted giving his hair a yank breaking John's singular focus on his body's hunger and causing him to release Sherlock's wrist. John then licked the wound sloppily causing it to close quickly. He flushed feeling embarrassed at his lack of control, but John sighed in relief as the constant ache in his stomach finally vanished.
When Molly told Greg that she intended to go after Sherlock in Afghanistan, she hadn't told him the whole story. It wasn't surprising that he thought that she was mad. He didn't know about Mycroft's report and assumed that Molly had been ready to embark on a wild goose chase. She hadn't corrected that assumption and had initially tried to convince him to let her go alone, but Greg had been stubborn and insisted that if she was going on a hopeless mission then he wasn't going to allow her to go alone. She knew that if she refused then he would just follow her and that would only make things much more complicated and difficult.
"Selfish. Fine, but if something happens to him, his blood will be on your hands, not ours." Anthea replied with a look in Greg's direction. "Anything that you'd like to add?" She asked moving her gaze to Mycroft. Mycroft's eyes narrowed glowing slightly in a similar display challenging his brother.
"You don't believe that and neither do I." Anthea insisted as she came closer pulling him into a gentle embrace. Mycroft sighed unable to deny it. They were interrupted by a knock on the door.
Sherlock stalked his mark. He had been working to take apart Moriarty's web. The progress was extremely slow and Sherlock had no accurate estimate regarding the amount of time that it would take him to complete the task. He was still haunted by the horrified look on John's face as he had fallen. He felt his stomach tighten at the thought of causing his friend so much grief, but he couldn't bring himself to regret it. Moriarty had forced his hand. He had threatened those dearest to him and Sherlock couldn't allow John to be hurt. He thought about John a lot since that day. He worried about his friend. He had very limited to contact with Mycroft and what few inquires that he made regarding John were left unanswered. Unfortunately, Sherlock was hardly in the position to do anything about at this point being so deep undercover. Mark his words though; he would make sure that Mycroft paid for his silence regarding John.
"Sherlock, you're not objective. We don't know what John is capable of. I only want to give you all the options. I won't be able to help you any further until I regain my strength and that will take time." Greg replied refusing to look away despite his guilt. "I warned you that it might not work. I warned that it was dangerous not only for John, but for myself as well, but I did it anyway. I did it because you begged me, because you're my friend. I nearly lost my life. You don't have the right to judge me." Sherlock looked away seemingly speechless. Mycroft cleared his throat pointedly as Anthea pulled the ring from her finger and passed it to him allowing Mycroft to slip it on.
Despite his instinctive dislike for the man, however, there were other factors to consider as well. John did pass the test in terms of having turned the bribe down, regardless of his personal motivations in having done so. He also managed to save Sherlock from that ridiculous battle of wits with the taxi driver. Mycroft had never seen Sherlock look as happy as he did that night as he walked off with his new flatmate and, seemingly – astoundingly, rather – friend.
The actions which he had taken in an attempt to keep his brother safe had unintended consequences. Their Mother wasn’t the same and she grew neglectful allowing Sherlock free reign while Mycroft was away. His brother began using drugs and their relationship, which had once been so close when Sherlock was small, became adversarial. Mycroft had struck him when he alluded to the fact that he wished for Mycroft to die of a heart attack. Mycroft had regretted it but couldn’t bring himself to apologize. Sherlock didn’t know the truth. No one did. More words came back to him seeming to mock him. “The roads we walk have demons beneath, and yours have been waiting for a very long time.” The words had been meant for Sherlock but Mycroft may as well have been speaking about himself.
"The roads we walk have demons beneath and yours have been waiting for a very long time. The east wind is coming Sherlock; it's coming to get you. Let us put an end to this now before it's too late." Mycroft warned ominously.
The voices echoed ominously in John's head as he was carted away by the enemy, now destined to become a prisoner of war. In all his years of military service, he had always managed to avoid enemy capture. First time for everything, John thought bitterly. It would likely be over soon. John took a moment to recall how he ended up back in a warzone in the first place. Sherlock, it always came back to Sherlock, it seemed.
"What are you planning to do Sherlock? Just go out on your own guns blazing? Alone?" Molly demanded.
It was ironic that he had managed to survive the initial blast and then had avoided being immediately killed by enemy fire and for a moment he wished that he hadn't been so lucky. At least it would have been a swift death. The IED had caught his troops by surprise. They were supposed to have been in a safe zone. Their vehicle had been destroyed by the blast and a good number John's fellow men were killed instantly. Those that had survived were quickly ambushed by enemy fire. John had shot off all of his rounds until he ran out of ammunition. He had always been a crack shot, even in basic training all those years ago; it was a skill that had come naturally to him. John closed his eyes ready to die feeling the scorching desert sun beating down on him. He wet his dry lips and could almost taste the blood in the arid air. He knew that this had been a long time coming. Death, it seemed, which he had been wagering with ever since Sherlock had fallen, had finally found him. He had taken too many risks and it had finally caught up with him. Truthfully, though, John couldn't bring himself to care. He should have died with his best friend. He was surprised that he had managed to survive over a year in a warzone without any sense of self-preservation.
"Definitely, enjoying it." Sherlock replied. "Just remember, brother, if I die then the mission will never be completed."
"Yes, and he was useless. 'Leave it, Sherlock. I can handle it, Sherlock. It's personal, Sherlock.'" Sherlock recited in a mocking voice earning a sigh from John.
John moved silently deep into the bowels of the hospital with Sherlock on his heels. It was late, nearly midnight and all was quiet in the morgue. John looked around scanning for signs of life, there were none, besides the steady beat of Sherlock's heart. Molly had agreed to help them, much to John's surprise. John idly wondered what Sherlock had said to convince her. Molly was a bit of a mystery. She should have been dark; nearly all of her kind were; yet she had chosen the light. John hoped that he could do the same.
"Lestrade," the priest answered in a rough voice. Sherlock took a deep breath and began his tale. Once the whole story fell from his lips, he was greeted by silence, which was never a good sign.
As Sherlock goes to return the memory, he catches the reflection of the flame bouncing off the surface of something else in the drawer. Whatever it is, he didn't put it there, but that it has shown up in the Shadow Room does not surprise him. When he reaches for it, it is easy to identify: a voice recorder.
From the evening following the shooting of the cab driver, Mycroft critically assessed that John’s appearance in Sherlock’s life was a positive turn of events. For the first time in his adult life, Sherlock seemed to stabilise, his danger nights becoming less and less frequent, settling with vigour into solving crimes and proving himself genuinely rather useful. His domestic arrangement with John appeared to be the source of this steadying force, and Mycroft cautiously allowed himself to approve, though he never would have said it. While he continued to dislike John and John’s sneering bare-tolerance for him in return, he could see that what they had in common was a shared concern for Sherlock’s welfare. John could be reasonably relied upon to give updates on Sherlock’s condition, albeit reluctantly – though if he considered Mycroft’s request for specific information a step over certain lines regarding Sherlock’s privacy, he never hesitated to retort with a statement on what Mycroft could feel free to do with said request. Which was, again, both infuriating as well as privately satisfying. If John wanted to insinuate himself that deeply into Sherlock’s personal life, then he’d damned well better have Sherlock’s best interests at heart.
"What?" John asked his confusion only worsened as he recalled one of the captors uttering that phrase before leading him to the cell.
He had been cast out of heaven and into this human's body. John Watson, that was who he was now. He had been thrust into this human's body just as his soul was departing allowing his grace fill the void. He was now in possession all of the man's memories as well as his strengths and weakness. He was now just like any other human, but for the small bit of grace that he still possessed. It was the angelic equivalent of a human soul. It was the very essence of his being, without it he would cease to exist.
"Yes, it often proves to be a more stealthy mode of escape than the main entry. The case wasn't even a two. The fisherman took the skin. A child could have solved it. These priests, very atypical, now this is a nine." Sherlock insisted causing John to stifle a groan into his hand.
"He was wearing the Eye of Ra, one of your brother's wards, which Sherlock gifted to him. He also had his service weapon loaded with silver bullets hidden under his jacket at the small of his back." Anthea murmured.
“I’m sorry, Myc.” Sherlock whispered in a hoarse voice. Mycroft grit his teeth and gently stroked a hand through Sherlock’s soft curls.
Before Greg can press her, Harriet interjected. "Whatever it is you know, you had better spill it or you'll be sorry. You're looking at a woman with nothing to lose."
The door creaked and Greg looked up spotting Mycroft and Sherlock carrying a limp John with Anthea close behind armed with a wooden stake and hammer. Greg gestured for them to bring John to him. "Put him on his stomach, I need to examine his back." Greg insisted. They did as he asked carefully lowering John. Greg knelt down and peered at John's naked back still shocked despite Sherlock's warning. Part of him hadn't wanted to believe it, but the proof was there right in front of his eyes in the form of the enchanted tattoo in a perfect rendition of angelic wings.
He looked around the dark empty cell. He was restrained on a stretcher. John could feel the nasogastric tube irritating his nose as enteral feedings were pumped into his stomach. The IV in his arm was well secured in order to avoid him dislodging it. John could feel the soiled diaper chafe at his skin and swallowed his humiliation. It wouldn't be long before the men came with more drugs and John would slip back under. John moaned as his abdomen cramped viciously. The sharp pain distracted him from the near constant bone deep aches in his hips and pelvis. John nearly gagged as he caught a whiff of his own urine and feces. He pulled against the leather restraints but made no progress. His muscles had atrophied to the point of near uselessness. He was weak as a kitten. John licked his chapped lips. Thirsty, he was so thirsty. His senses were all over the place. The drugs, it must be the drugs. John thought, as the sound of his own breathing and heartbeat seemed to magnify in his ears along with the steady hum of the infusion pumps. The room was still nearly pitch black but John could still see clearly, but the colors were off. It was as if he were wearing night vision goggles. Hallucinating. John rationalized.
“No, you did. You think I haven’t learned from my mistakes. You think I consider myself infallible.” Mycroft said echoing Gregs thoughts so closely Greg wondered if the man was clairvoyant.
"I thought I was being clever." Mary replied in a cold voice matching Sherlock's tone as she aimed the gun at Sherlock.
Sherlock groaned thinking of Mycroft. He was reluctant to tell Lestrade that it had been him that had led them to the succubus. "He's nothing but an arrogant and controlling pest."
“Quite so, it’ll prove to be quite a challenge.” His uncle murmured as he took another sip from his glass.
"In his mind, certainly. If you were to ask him, he'd probably say his archenemy. He does love to be dramatic." Mycroft elaborated.
Murray looked at John's face, which had fallen into an unreadable mask. Murray couldn't blame him for his skepticism. After all, he hadn't wanted to believe it at first either. Murray debated about how much more to say. What was coming for him…it was all speculation…but Murray knew his time was close. It was already starting and he would be taken and never seen again. "I'm not crazy. You have no idea how much I wish that this was all a crazy nightmare that I would wake up from, but it's the truth."
"Werewolf." Sherlock said causing the man to turn deathly pale whether it was due to shock or anger was hard for John to judge. John grit his teeth biting his tongue unsure why Sherlock would be so blunt with a human.
"I'm nobody, I just met him." John answered. He was getting sick of everyone's constant questions, but this woman was by far the most irritating of all of them. Her nasty attitude and prejudice against Sherlock grated on his last nerve.
"Pity," she murmured as she pulled the 1cc syringe from between her cleavage and jammed it into the man's jugular. He stiffened and them slumped and quickly lost consciousness allowing her to make an escape. Just as Irene was finished dressing her phone chimed with a text. I have a lead. Meet me in Samara-SH
Wings. An enchanted tattoo in a perfect rendition of angelic wings spanned the entire length of John's back. They were so lifelike that Sherlock touched them just to be sure, feeling only the smooth warmth of John's skin followed by a feeling of safety and contentment. In response to Sherlock's touch, the white feathers pulsed weakly causing them to shimmer and flutter ever so slightly. Sherlock stared, transfixed. Angels. Sherlock knew they existed, but not like this; never like this. There were tales of fallen angels, but in all of his years, Sherlock had never once come upon one and had assumed that they were nothing more than biblical myths, which had long ago fallen into legend. Sherlock felt, rather than saw, the veil slip over them hiding them from sight. Whispers echoed in Sherlock's ears, they spoke a language that he couldn't understand. There was something familiar about it, though. Then it came to him, it was the same language that John had spoken in the church. Angelic, the language of angels was unheard by man, Sherlock had no hope of understanding it. "Lestrade…" Sherlock murmured. The priest would no doubt be a wealth of information, perhaps more useful than Mycroft in this case. Sherlock paused for a moment and then made a second call.
"Don't be an idiot." Sherlock muttered, "He's more than just an asset, and of course it matters what happens to him." Molly hummed thoughtfully before answering.
Even Mycroft must cry sometimes, he reasons. After all, Sherlock cries when he's skinned a knee on the pavement or when he's so saturated by stimulation that the slightest whisper can bring him to tears. Neither of these sounds anything like what Mycroft is doing in furtive, hiccupping bursts that Sherlock is helpless to explain. All Sherlock knows is that his crying makes him want to cry. Instead, Sherlock slips out of bed and curls into Mycroft's back. Sherlock’s arm dangles over his soft middle and his hand finds Sherlock’s in the dark.
The homeless network which Sherlock had used on countless cases refused to speak, not that Greg had expected much intel from them, but a bit of cooperation would have been nice. Greg had dug through the comments on John’s old blog posts looking for clues but that had come up empty as well. Molly hadn’t been able to keep the report from him. Greg could always tell when she was hiding something now. Molly had given the only copy to Sherlock but she had given Greg a barebones summary, Mycroft’s report hadn’t been helpful. Bill Murray and Peter Small were MIA as was the the agent with the alias Mary Moristan. But most suspicious of all, was the mysterious disappearance of Mycroft Holmes and his personal assistant. Greg knew that the elder Holmes was often required to travel, but when he was out of the country his assistant Anthea was always reachable. Greg had attempted to contact them through both official and personal channels, even going so far as to show up at Diogenes club and getting himself thrown out onto the curb. Greg stared at his mobile debating long and hard before selecting the contact number. It was Mycroft’s backline. Strictly for emergencies only. Greg shouldn’t even have it, but Sherlock had given it to him in the early days when he was still using in case of an accidental OD. Greg had never once used it. “First time for everything.” Greg muttered under his breath and dialed hoping he wouldn’t live to regret this. Sherlock had warned him to stay off the radar, instead he was sending up smoke signals.
Sherlock groaned and let his head fall into his hands again, though less because of Mycroft's presence than because he hadn't noticed the car before John had. Of course Mycroft would show up, after the text Sherlock had sent him earlier.
"No mention of us or Moriarty at all today. Guess they've moved on to more interesting stories than an escaped criminal who shot himself on the roof of a hospital."
Mummy tutted. "Well, Nicholas did get into a spot of trouble with his girlfriend when they were still in school. You must remember that, Sherlock. But he and Maureen ended up getting married and they have four children now and none of them have ended up in jail or living rough, so I guess it worked out all right in the end."
He lifted Eve from his shoulder and laid her face-up on his lap, her head resting at his knees. Even in the dim light, he could see that she had an outbreak of baby acne across her forehead and dried spit-up on her chin. She was beautiful. "We have to take care of you now, don't we? You and your big sister." He held her tiny hands between his thumbs and fingers and wiggled them gently, smiling and speaking in a whisper. "Can't be running off into danger all the time." He knew it, and knew Sherlock must, as well. He'd known it for a while now, though it had taken having Mary die in his arms at the aquarium, and going home alone that night to care for Rosie, to make it really sink in.
"Go right ahead," Sherlock said, and moved the chew toy Stone had dropped on the bed so he could sit down to put on his socks and shoes.
"Yes, I see that." Sherlock flicked his eyes briefly to the word "Toys" that was clearly printed in a child's uneven hand on the side of the box, then returned his gaze to John's face. "No reason to bring it upstairs when it's only a matter of time before everything in it migrates down here anyway. Might as well save yourself the work of carrying it any further."
I admit that when I came up with the prompt "wind" it was so I could include Eurus/The East Wind. :) (Also I may enjoy writing angry!John a little too much and it's been months since the last time I got to do it.)
Sherlock swallowed, realising that Mrs. Hudson was still in the next room and able to hear their bickering. He wasn't supposed to talk about John's bodily functions in front of others, but it was too late now, and she'd certainly shared more personal details than that herself. "You know what I mean." He twirled a hand in front of his own stomach, then flung his fingers outwards to point at John. "Fine. Make me a sandwich if you're so worried."
Now that they weren't under threat of being discovered and possibly arrested, John took his time. When they were finished, his only request for himself was a glass of water, which Sherlock fetched for him despite his inclination to roll over and fall asleep immediately.
"Of course. Sherlock Holmes, the famous detective. And it's turned into much more than just a crush, I'm afraid."
John bent to catch Rosie before she could throw her arms around his legs and carried her through the living room and into the kitchen. He set her on the step stool in front of the sink and helped her clean the pizza off her hands and face. Molly followed them into the kitchen but didn't say anything else about him and Sherlock, and John was grateful to have that awkward conversation over.
“I’m scared, Myc. It hurts. I feel sick.” Sherlock pleaded wanting nothing more then to bury his nose in his brother’s neck and scent deeply. His brother paused seeming to hesitate.
"But he's human…how?" She looked at the unassuming man still at a loss as to what made him so special that Sherlock would break a cardinal rule by allowing him access to information that humans were never privy to.
Greg's eyes snapped up as a young tall posh looking bloke approached the scene. "Stay back, this is an official investigation and you'll contaminant potential evidence." Greg called. The man looked at him with disdain and the look on his face clearly said that he thought that Greg was an idiot. Great; a pompous, posh git. Greg thought bitterly.
"Greg!" Sherlock shouted in panic as he watched the priest crumple and fall. He lunged in the man's direction but was stopped by Mycroft's iron grip. Sherlock met his eyes and could not repress the shudder that ran through him as his brother's eyes glowed eerily infused with magic. It was one of the few times that Sherlock had seen the full extent of his brother's power on display.
"Honor guard? I didn't think there were any knights left. I assumed the church had stopped training its priests in the occult. You're somewhat of a dying breed, there are so few of you left, such a shame." John murmured looking at Greg with an expression of melancholy. Greg's jaw dropped in shock.
It was after the 7/7 bombing's, which left 52 dead and hundreds more injured that their paths crossed again. Anthea had been the lead agent on the counterterrorism unit set up after the incident. They had taken in a number of suspects but were still looking for other encompasses. As she was looking over one of the many crime scenes in central London looking at the remains of the bomb that was used, he had appeared taking her completely by surprise. "Four total consisting of homemade organic peroxide-based devices in backpacks." The posh accent screamed public school and Anthea had been ready to tell the onlooker off, but when she turned around the words died in her throat. It had been years since she had seen him in person, but he still made her heart race. Mycroft Holmes stood before her. "Elizabeth Anthea Coulter, I'm familiar with your work." His appearance had been flawless, as always. He was perfectly put together in a bespoke suit, designer shoes and carried a custom umbrella. Anthea nodded stiffly still at a loss for words as her heart continued to race. Before she could respond, his attention was stolen by the frantic voice of a dark haired Sergeant in hot pursuit of a tall, dark haired man with mop of riotous curls and silver eyes heading right towards them.
"Very well." Sherlock replied and rung off leaving Molly to wonder what she had gotten herself into.
It had taken much longer than Moran had expected, but all his labor had finally bore fruit. He would have his revenge. He chuckled darkly and continued to sing softly. "Climbed up the water spout…"
"Nothing on the website?" John inquired. Sherlock opened the laptop and began to read in an exasperated voice.
“One cannot hide from Mycroft Holmes.” Sherlock replied seriously glancing at John with a pleading look. John frowned before sighing deeply.
"Sherlock…you can't just bring anyone here. You know that I only call you for 'special cases.' I'm sorry to have wasted your time doctor, but you'll have to leave now." Greg insisted. The doctor then tilted his head and narrowed his eyes as his gaze swept over Greg from head to toe.
“Yes, according to me. Who else’s judgment am I supposed to exercise? Yours?” Mycroft sighed sounding tired suddenly.
He's lying Greg can see it plain as day, but Sherlock shook his head emphatically making a leave it gesture. Greg wavered finally deciding to let it go for now, at least he knew that the doctor was human.
"Bloody hell…thank Christ! I've been so worried. It's not like Johnny to be totally unreachable. I've tried calling him countless times since Sherlock's death and it always goes to voicemail, which I have filled up with unanswered messages. Do you know where he is or have a contact number for him?" Greg debated how much to say, but decided to be honest. She more than likely wouldn't get very far with Mycroft, but she was welcome to try.
"Yes, I know." She answered. She had him at a bit of an advantage. He stretched moving his hand to the small of his back to check his Browning, which was hidden under his jacket. The silver bullets were now in the chamber. It gave him an added feeling of security.
"Bet you never saw this coming?" John continued keeping his face blank. Moriarty had to admire his control. Too bad it wouldn't save him. The vampire was hungry, starving, in fact.
"You machine! After everything we've been through, you really don't care?" Greg had rubbed his hands over his eyes in frustration hearing Sherlock's reply but not seeing his face.
"He met one of them briefly, but that's beside the point. He didn't call you in on this one. He told me so. Why do you care then?" Sherlock scoffed looking annoyed at the question.
"Go! I saved your life and now I wish that I hadn't." Sherlock shouted as the pain quickly morphed into anger. Irene could tell by the murderous look in his eyes that he was serious. She nodded and slipped away wondering what would become of him. He had sent everyone away. Molly, Lestrade, and now Irene.
"It worked," Sherlock murmured in disbelief. The ritual had been a last resort and as Anthea had put it; a lost cause. In the back of all of their minds, they had all assumed that it would fail.
"Unfortunately not, John. I was forced to alter your records significantly to avoid suspicion and this is the only way." He had insisted. John and then sighed deeply and reluctantly agreed. In truth, Mycroft could have made the requirement disappear. He could have simply added the certificate of completion to John's altered record. He had chosen not to. He wanted John to be eased back into active duty and this training would help ensure that. John had been a civilian for years and despite his extensive military experience, the change would still prove to be significant.
"It's in your best interest to avoid working alone, she's targeting priests." Sherlock insisted over the phone. Lestrade breathed heavily for a moment before answering him.
Sherlock gasped for breath as he slowed, only steps away from them, but there was no need to intervene. He walked the remaining distance to the three dogs and bent down to try to pull Stone apart from the others. One of the huskies stopped bothering Stone long enough to try to mount Sherlock's leg in greeting. Sherlock pushed him away, but before he could pull Stone from the tangle of dogs, he heard voices shouting, and two children came running across the muddy field.
"Yeah, I did. Maybe I shouldn't have. But we—I was afraid you were going to slip into a major depression, and I needed you to be functional right then. I'm sorry."
"I know, I know. Sorry. Just. I'm a little...." He swallowed and closed his eyes for a moment, the full weight of what was happening finally hitting him. Quarantine. Two weeks, he and Sherlock, to see if they were going to develop any symptoms. No leaving the flat, no visitors in the building, no more shifts at the clinic, right when his skill as a doctor was needed more than ever.
Now John was at the desk, working on his blog. "Since the flat being smoke-bombed and my, er, abduction were both on the news, I wrote up a post to say that we were okay, sort of make an official statement about it. I didn't actually mention Moriarty, but within two minutes of posting, someone started leaving comments." He tipped the screen so Sherlock could see.
"I am tired. I am hungry. And my shoulders are really, really unhappy with me right now. I should've let them give me something stronger at the hospital but I didn't want to be even more sleepy."
Sherlock scrambled down the stairs and found the front hallway on the ground floor empty, too. He pushed through the door to the street outside and there was John, his back to Sherlock, his hair catching the glint of the elusive London sun as he sat in his wheelchair on the pavement. Sally Donovan was standing in front of him, doubled over in laughter, while the two officers guarding the scene stood nearby, looking confused.
Sherlock looked up. "Maybe. I haven't analysed the paper and box they were sent in. That might lead somewhere."
As he turned on the hob, his own phone vibrated in his pocket and he remembered that he'd promised to keep Molly updated about what was happening with Eurus. He pulled it out and sure enough, she was calling. He lowered the flame a bit and turned away from the pan. "Molly, hi. Sorry I didn't get a chance to text you. Been a little busy here. How's Rosie doing?"
