Rhodey glanced at his watch. "Well, the
Tony: Yeah.
No, no, Tony thought, we need to move past apologizing, or else we could drown each other in apologies. "It was kind of cute."
"I think I'm going to doze off now," Tony proclaimed, then turned to lie on his side, his back to Steve.
"Oh, I can do even worse than that," Cap went on, still amused, still smiley, and Tony found he liked the visage, and that was worrisome. "Go for a run in the mornings," Rogers continued. "Proper discipline and all that. Also – fresh air. Always good for you."
Still, Tony wanted to tell him the truth – he wanted to tell him everything, really. It felt liberating – to present the facts and – oh, hell, could they discuss what was going on here? That would require actually acknowledging this
want to cuddle, then?" Steve said dryly. "I could pretend to snore if that would make things easier for you?"
It was strange. People did occasionally tell me I needed to take it easy or rest or whatnot. I mostly shrugged it off. But apparently Tony's words had the innate ability to make me want to listen. I was temped to let him do it. Go on, wrap me in a blanket. Bring me tea.
"I know who you are," Steve interrupted before Tony could finish, then stopped in surprise. "That's what I was going to..."
His eyes were blazing, boring into mine, so filled with emotion that I didn't know how to interpret it any more. "You mean to say," he corrected me, "you're in love with the Tony from
Steve laughed softly. "You really think we're going to get out of here?"
And there was so many things they needed to talk about, but the day had been long, the fuck glorious, and the emotions more than either of them was used to. They fell asleep in each other’s arms and slept until the stars faded from the sky, and then some more. The sea waves outside hummed a lullaby of their own.
"I'm going to crouch down now. Can you climb onto my back?"
Steve pumped his fingers a few times more, for good measure. But his motions were choppy, hurried. Tony saw him bite his lower lip so hard it went white. The grip of his other hand on Tony’s thigh was fierce, almost bruising. And his eyes, when his gaze met Tony’s, were night.
Steve gave a modest look to his blanket. "No, no, I want to look my best, after all."
It felt like whining. It was true, though. Have a talk, clear the air. They still had things to say to each other. He wasn't sure what exactly – as for himself, he'd said his piece in a long voice message, and Tony had heard it. He'd responded. That was it, that was all. So why did it feel unfinished? Like there was something there, left between them, either unspoken or broken (Steve couldn't tell). Perhaps this was it, and it couldn't be fixed, and it couldn't be mended or bridged, and he just needed to accept it. Maybe there was no coming back from certain things after all.
Tony: It stopped hurting.
Tony: You know what, big guy, calm down. That's not how I meant it, all right?
have known those last two sentences hadn't been
No Barnes, Tony saw with a minuscule relief. When they were not forced to stand and fight side by side, as it happened on a few occasion during the Infinity War, they mostly did their best to avoid each other as unobtrusively as possible. He could deal with Barnes, he wasn't really important. But this was probably the easiest course for both of them.
Tony: It kept me awake until 4 in the morning. I couldn't go to sleep until I FINISHED the fucking page. It was HORRIBLE.
"I've been waiting for you to make a move for weeks. Maybe months, even?"
He liked the feel of Peter's shoulder against his, his fine, firm upper arm against his own. Comforting,
Tony: First of all, don't you compare me with Lang, dammit. I left no trail and I sure as hell haven't been caught in the act. The way I transferred the data to Christine also left no trail. I MYSELF couldn't find any trace of it, and I'm WAY better than the Feds at it, and you'll just have to trust me. If there was someone better, I'd KNOW of it.
The lights steadied. The whir of the engine became deeper, more sonorous. The air purifiers were again singing their quiet song, but now it got stronger, vigorous, pronounced, as the motor became fully operational. Tony hoped it wasn't too late, but a feeling that was eating at his gut told him it was.
Tony: ???
Then there is a light snap at his left shoulderblade. It's practically a caress of the flogger tails. It tingles. Then another one, and another one. The tresses tease at his back for a time, and then there is just enough sting on Steve's right shoulder to brighten his skin, but it's not hard enough to register as pain.
Tony commented now.
"You can't see.
Steve frowned for a second, as if completely puzzled. Obviously, he couldn't imagine why Tony would ask for his number when Steve was just being polite and kindly. Tony should have shut up. Like, two years ago, probably.
"Well," he says, "now you know it even
God, he was gorgeous. Those eyes.
"Cadet," Cap began, rather softly, but his voice seemed to possess a certain sharp quality that cut through the surrounding noise. "You're not military, yet, and you're new. So, I'm going to be mild. This is your first demerit. You will report to my office first thing tomorrow, for your disciplinary measures."
the sensation. He feels it reach deep, slide into his bones and stay there. He shudders violently.
Incidentally, I did believe in marriage, actually. I'd always wanted it, even back when I didn't want it with any particular person – I just knew it was something to strive for. And now I wanted it again, fiercely so. Still, coming to think of it, it was true – I didn't really need a government official to confirm the fact that I intended to stay by Tony's side until he decided to kick me out on my ass.
her a theme park if she wanted. (Okay, so Pepper would probably go nuts.)
Well, he was being a dick, probably. That was what his attempts at neutrality came down to most of the time. Stinging resentment wasn't an ideal companion to neutrality.
Tony: Aren't you supposed to be getting ready for your date about now? Speaking of people.
SOMEONE IN THE AUDIENCE: Barton's face was caught on camera!
Tony: Oh yeah, and they probably thought she'd volunteer info on me. Since we aren't together any longer. Because apparently that means we are enemies now and have to hate each other, inevitably.
"Right," Steve said. He was all business. "In that case, Thor, you take the right hand corridor," the one where the dorms were as well as Darryl's office and berth, Tony noted – "If it's blocked, try to clear out the rubble as much as you can. Try to get through."
"It sounded genuine," Cap said. "Sit back down, Stark."
Months of horrors of forced small talk and unnatural politeness they had never stooped to before. And it was pretty much always he who took the initiative.
, he thought,
, but retreat to somewhere else in a grandiose manner, at any rate. Very sedately. He cleared his throat. "Now that you know my dirty little secret, can you keep it to yourself or are you going to rattle it off to the tabloids?"
Tony liked blasting his music when he was angry or sad or needed to think. But Peter – Peter wanted to blast it
He shook his head, somewhat vehemently. "You're wrong. That's not the cause, that's a consequence."
It dawned on Tony then, what it was, and he plonked down on the other end of the sofa, although it felt more like collapsing. His knees finally gave way. He leaned his head against the back cushion because suddenly he lacked the strength to hold it upright. Still, he turned  to the left and gave Steve a look that might have fried him all the way to his bones.
Tony rose to go. Heard a soft intake of breath.
"I know that, of course," she said, and then she said, "What if we up the volume slowly?" So that everyone and everything can gently float back to what used to be the floor.'
"You seem like a sensible person." She tossed him two small packages. "Wipe your hands with a disinfectant, then apply this crap to his burn. You're not doing anything anyway. I'll be back in a jiffy."
Tony: Steve?
Rhodey's voice was dry when he asked them if they wanted to move along or if they were dead set on waiting for the paparazzi to show up. They got moving. It was a thing to do.
Tony: Like, all of them.
I smiled to myself, but he saw.
Tony: No.
That, at least, matched Steve's impression to a 't'. Competent at what he did – competent and utterly impossible as a person. Steve found himself starting to chuckle at Darryl's remark; stopped. Chief wasn't joking. "Thank you, Darryl," he said politely instead.
Tony: Fuck, I must be really tired.
At that, Tony went very still. "No," he said after a long moment. "No, I'm good. You?" His voice was quieter, and somehow stripped of posturing all of a sudden; the pretense was coming to an end. It was very clear by now that Steve knew who he was and that Tony himself was aware of that.
, even if the others are around me. Maybe it was a mistake to come here. Maybe I should have stayed with Clint and Sam and Buck, back where we're all bone-weary and gray, but I didn't have it in me to stay in that world without Tony, and this world is no different in that regard. I don't know what I expected. I just wanted out, I suppose. I keep finding good endings for myself, but the problem is, things never
"Yeah, I don't either," she laughs. "But I'm now hoping we'll be seeing more of you in the future."
, something wild and urgent and burning. Now he wanted to memorize the way Tony felt under his palms, to memorize the feeling of his lips under his own, to commit every little detail to memory. If this was all he was going to have, then yes, thanks, he was going to make it last as long as he could. His heart hurt, perhaps, but then again, his heart
Natasha considered. "Technically, no one is getting hurt," she said. "Yet."
Instead of Chief, he spotted Stark and found himself mesmerized once again. Wherever the man went, he made ripples. He certainly wasn't a one to stand in a corner and have a quiet drink. Men gravitated towards him, laughed at his jokes. Stark himself was cordially dismissive.
"What I figured out is, I'm being an ungrateful dick here. So, what I've decided is, I'm not going anywhere. I'd love to have a kid, and I'll love her forever even though I've never met her. But I don't think that's my story, over there, with her. It's not really my life. Even if I solved the interquantum travel, which by the way I haven't. What I think is..." He paused. "Well, this is surprisingly difficult to say, having in mind I've been talking to you in my head all this time, but – Steve, you died. Or, your alter-ego did, whatever. And now you're back. You've been given back to me. I've somehow gained this wonderful second chance, and I'm not going to waste it. But," he paused, grinned. "I'm still not jumping into bed with you, just to keep it clear."
Just that Tony had called him had been enough, no matter how awkward and strange the conversation. Tony actually asked him for a favor. Steve would have gone anywhere, any time, just to see him.
Tony: You sound happy.
"All right," Tony whispers.
Tony: I'm personally going to tie him down if he tries.
In the end, Steve doesn't know what to think, he keeps going in circles. What he knows is, he has to talk to Tony. See what follows from there.
And now, afterwards – he went on, tormenting himself –  he would cover Steve's shoulders with tiny, soft kisses, like snowflakes, and maybe give him a back rub, and let his hands roam freely, now that the initial urgency has been sated. And – god, he had to stop this, he had to.
"Yeah, I figured." Tony sounded mildly resigned. "I think your weird, convoluted reaction to extreme cold is that you try to save everyone and everything from it. Trying to come over on foot hadn't been a particularly rational decision either."
"For a meal?"
“Yep,” Tony said as if didn’t matter one bit, although they both knew better. He paused for a moment, then allowed: “Also, in between doing fun things, we can talk a little too. If you absolutely insist.”
, and just... superimpose them over the old shitty ones, push the crap out. Like what we did today. Does that make sense?”
Tony: I love it that you know what night I'm talking about.
"Why this timeline?" he shoots back. He sounds more guarded than my Tony, more suspicious. "Why me?"
Tony lets go of his nipple, after just a fraction of a second too long. "I told you I wasn't going to be gentle. At all," he says. It sounds strangely clinical.
“I’ll just... I’m all right with saltines, actually,” Steve was saying.
"Yep, and it's warm and lovely there, and..." Tony took a breath, and also took a plunge, "and I'd be super happy to give you a ride if you'd care to join me for the road trip." In the end words were tumbling over one another in their hurry to get out of his mouth. Eager much? He didn't care at this point. Steve was looking at him with bright eyes that seemed to see only Tony. Tony could hardly believe it, but there it was, and he could deny it no longer. "Besides, I think you should probably stay on the move." Stop talking, Tony. "Since you're a fugitive and all." Stop right now or he'll think you're desperate. "And if everyone knows you by name two towns away, it's defo time to leave." Okay, too late now.
It was General Hirata he was talking to now, barely aware of the words washing over him and around him and through him. He wasn't looking back, to see where Steve was in the crowd. (Steve could go fuck himself, really.)
I was so damn tired. I'd been trying to hold myself together ever since Tony's funeral. Going back to the last place we visited together hadn't exactly helped with that. Camp Lehigh. There was too much of my history,
It's Tony's turn to swallow. The words are hard to get out. "I do want you," he says, and it's only half of the truth, but all of it would be too overwhelming. "Pretty badly, actually," he admits.
Being dismissed wasn't an overly pleasant feeling, but it was a very Tony thing to do. He was starting a project. In such situations, he usually expected people around him to magically disappear from view and let him work. But this wasn't one of Tony's intrinsic designs, this was just dinner, and while the way people turned raw ingredients into delicious food still mystified Steve, he didn't think he needed to make himself scarce in order to let Tony cook. If he thought his presence was making Tony uncomfortable, he'd be out of the kitchen a million times already, but Tony was being warm and expansive and flirty, and appeared to be genuinely enjoying Steve's company. Steve didn't want to spend the evening dozing on the couch instead.
Chatting about sweaters, apparently.
This was how Peter Quill found him: both elbows on the railing (mildly wet, oh well), eyes closed. Tony heard the balcony door behind him, probably someone sneaking out to have a smoke (and
unjustly.
"That was... not awesome," Tony said a bit later and reached for the drink Reed had poured him. His hand was shaking as badly as his voice. "I mean, it's absolutely
hit it."
"Jesus, Steve," Tony said quietly. Steve glanced over his shoulder. For a moment, Tony looked somehow muted and seemed far away, even though he was talking to Steve. "I forgot you could be funny."
truth.
Back in the bad days after Siberia he'd tried telling himself he'd never known Steve for real, but it never held water, even when he was at his angriest. But now, all of a sudden, the man seemed almost like a stranger to Tony. He looked rugged and tired and moved differently, and – Tony noticed only now, because his perceptions apparently came in layers and stages – he wore a different suit too, monochromatic, made from a kevlar type Tony never used in his designs. Down its front there was a deep slash. Tony had caught a glimpse of skin as Steve had moved away. He didn't seem hurt underneath, at least there hadn't been any blood visible. It was more as if someone had cut the suit open for a medical procedure. Tony shuddered. He'll have to get Steve to talk about this. What the hell had been done to him?
"Yeah," Tony muttered. "You lie down on top of the flames, I'll walk right over you. Like ants do. Always works."
“Exactly. And... Why are you making me say all this, Tony? You always worry about everyone’s safety, and you made me a study with northern exposure because you figured I liked to draw, and you always designed specialized gear for everyone...”
"This is a party in our honor, Tony," he said, and he knew he sounded like a jerk, stuck-up and patronizing and aloof.
Tony knew one of the Jessicas had a simulator class with Cap earlier in the day, and then it was Bruce and then Scott. Tony wondered when the man found the time. It was almost as if his day stretched longer than the normal 26 hours, and what's more, he almost never looked tired.
"Steve," Tony said, tentatively. "We can rebuild, you know? I never had the stomach to even come here before, but now that you're here – maybe we can do it? You know, together and all that."
"I just want to immunize you against that shit, in case someone tries something similar. Okay? All right?"
The mild incredulity in his voice spoke volumes. Tony bristled.
"You sound a
Tony: So, I've formulated a plan.
Thor was generally a good sport and nice to everyone. He didn't disappoint this time either. He laughed uproariously, and Barton snorted. Even Natasha Romanoff, who rarely said a word to anyone, deigned to turn her head and arch an eyebrow. "And here I thought you had a soft spot for a different engineer, Thor," she noted.
Tony: I don't even like it all that much.
Like in a dream, slowly, he raised his right hand and touched his fingertips to the biceps of Steve's good arm where it bulged from the gray top. It was a slightest brush, a ghost of a touch, almost not there at all.
Steve blinked at him over the coffee cup Tony had handed him as soon as he’d set a foot out the bedroom door. “Well,” Steve began blearily at the same time, “I don’t remember the last time I slept this long or this... What?”
A bout of coughing was an almost welcome distraction.
He stepped back. He never meant to impose on Tony, and he must be doing it right now. That was why Tony had gone so still all of a sudden. That must be it.
As with any terrorist attack, it seemed the attackers were into making as big a fuck-all as possible, causing as much damage ass possible. Hurting people. Causing fear. You know how it goes.
This way lies ruin, Tony tried telling himself, but everyone knew he was never a one to listen. When he’d first tried woodland skiing, he’d learned that all you got from staring at the trees in your way was a crash and a possible contusion. No, you had to look at the spaces in between, always; and you couldn’t afford to think too much in advance. Anything beyond the next tree gate was distant future.
Tony: When you're not overthinking it.
The problem with that was, couples fight. You have to. That's how you cope with the new situation. That's also just one of the ways to let all those big feelings out. When you love someone, they make you very, very happy, abnormally happy. They also make you
"Yeah?"
Despite myself, I snatched my hand back a quarter of an inch. My throat was suddenly dry. "For Siberia?"
What Steve didn't say was this: here's Tony Stark, the playboy, the industrialist, the billionaire, the person who was on his way to meet with the ruling council of the Twelve fucking Colonies when our fleet was attacked. Now, out here, they were all nobodies, they were the hands-on skills they had, nothing more and nothing less. No reason to play Stark's status up; he probably had a too high an opinion of himself as it was.
Tony: Yep.
), and he saw him walk down at the head of his group, one hand on Peter's shoulder, one on Kamala's. Tony was wearing the best, fakest, most brilliant smile in his register. Behind them, Pepper was lovely as ever, and at her sides, Bruce seemed nervous, Thor all in his element, and at the tail end of the group, Carol and Rhodey walked hand in hand, like a bastion of normalcy, Steve thought. Rhodey seemed to be handling steps with no obvious problems, and Steve's heart contracted for a second. And the decorations on Carol's dress uniform gleamed like a dozen small suns.
Steve kissed him, then. It wasn't passionate, exactly, because for the moment their passion was spent, but it was steeped in relief and trepidation and new hope.
ripped up in the
Peter laughed. "Hey, as long as it gets the crowd going. Besides, you
that edge, and with each stroke he was infinitesimally closer, like decimals stretching into infinity and never quite reaching their goal.
Tony: Yeah, like one big happy, severely dysfunctional family.
Steve's hand was still clutching Tony's arm, and if Tony didn't have a bruise from it tomorrow, he'd be damned. His own fingers clenched into a fist,
He swallowed. This was medical attention. He was
incident warmed him through – with all that, his words are such a lie he almost expects to be struck down by lightning. Or at least for the lights in the elevator to short out.
there."
Rhodey meant well – well, of course he did, it was Rhodey. He just wanted to make light, get Tony to relax a little. Still, Tony failed to laugh. His heart constricted in his chest for a moment, no matter how much he tried to pretend it didn't. Anxiety? Anticipation? Both, really, hopelessly entangled in his mind. He touched the phone in his pocket, a knee-jerk reaction; refrained from pulling it out.
Rogers' face straightened almost instantly, but his eyes still glinted, almost mischievously. "Your pension plan is as follows," he bit off. "Elysium Fields if you're religious; airlock, flag and oblivion if you aren't. After ten years of service, you get ten more. You don't like this, you go back to tech and continue checking the deck for lose screws." Tony felt amusement stir inside him, so he tamped it down and shot a wry look at Rogers. Rogers caught it. Returned it, double sized.
Tony: Really.
chaste is also okay. Very, very okay."
"So, that's flat scissors, then?" Quint asked, gesturing at his diagram.
Tony: Can you take a photo?
"No, no. Let's say that was exactly what you meant. It makes me feel better, so let's just leave it at that."
Tony: Bad?
," said Steve, intelligently, because at the moment he was absolutely unable to think of another word. His lungs didn't seem to be working properly. Sudden onset of excitement was heart-stopping; he wasn't used to feeling that way.
"I don't know; he was breathing, though. Broken legs, maybe."
The conversation with his newly acquired man of intrigue had taken a depressing turn, but they were entering the postcard town already. It occurred to him that Steve would get out now, soon, and vanish from his life forever. The hole in his stomach couldn't be stemming from that fact. Could it? Well, could it?
"Steve, you all right?"
"It's okay," I said. "Do you need a glass of water or something?"
Tony: And of course I'm being jealous. You're my Cathy Earnshaw. I thought that was obvious.
Steve laughed softly. "Okay, Tony." What was this all about? Tony needed to occupy his hands with something, so he decided to cook? That was understandable. But maybe it was also something they could do together?
And yet, despite himself, he had to admit the strained relationship with Tony stung. They were still extremely uneasy around each other. Steve told himself he was over this. He'd been trying long and hard. He told himself it was just the fact that he didn't like any kind of discord within his ranks, and as a captain, it should be his job to keep things even and working. If he were to ever work well with Tony – and, given their numbers, he'll have to – he should try to build some kind of team spirit and a working relationship. They didn't need to be friends, exactly; they probably couldn't be. They were so vastly different. But, he thought, he should try
me sorry," he adds reproachfully. "Also, those people down there are absolutely unbearable, and you just had to egg them on did you."
"How come I'm naked?" Steve repeated, but it somehow felt as if he'd only realized it for the first time, all over again; as if he'd already forgotten he'd mentioned it a minute ago.
Tony rolled his eyes at me "So, Pepper figured out what was going on, obviously."
"Give me your hand," Tony yelled. Steve blinked for a second, then seemed to come back to himself. He extended his hand up, and as soon as it was clear of the water, Tony grabbed it and pulled him up, into his arms.
Tony: Jesus. I mean, what the fuck have I been doing all this time?
When Steve finally comes to, his first thought is:
Tony: Or, not misunderstandings. Ignoring each other. The fact that it's always a bad moment. My moods. Everything. Like, two weeks ago, I figured texting was perfect, because at least we couldn't gouge each other's eyes out. But now I'm thinking if we could just talk in person everything would somehow be okay.
matters," he said, and Tony glanced over, and it was almost midnight. How was that possible? How long did he stay with Steve?
Tony: Gee, Steve, I don't know. Did he have the authority to as good as put a shoot to kill order on you back in Germany?
"True," Tony said and kicked the gravity simulators into gear. "I did have that recording from yesterday around here somewhere." He was grateful to his fingers – good, clever fingers, able to perform tasks with absolutely zero input from his conscious brain. They flew over the memory panel on the right, with the  list of pre-programmed exercises (Tony'd quickly outgrown those) and the custom-made scenarios, but there was no half-finished simulation in the saved files.
"Well," Steve shrugged. "Felt like longer."
Only, that's just another lie, isn't it?
At 2 the cable died, the way it usually did when the weather got on the shitty side; the internet went soon after, and with it his cell signal, of course.
Tony: What a way to feed my anxiety. Shoot.
"Thanks. I guess." He gestured to the bedside table, which was finally a cue for Steve to step in.
And sometimes he wasn't even fully asleep. His concentration would slip, his mind would start wandering, and
Tony: So yeah. Pretty badly, all in all.
A hysteria-afflicted
Well, he was trying.
Steve sighed. The air hurt in his lungs. Why did Tony have to come here to torture him like this? There's your
STARK: [mutters inaudibly]
Tony: Didn't feel like looking at it any longer.
He blinked one more time. His arms hung limply in mine. "You're insane," he stated, which wasn't very encouraging. And then: "Okay if I hold you for a bit?" he asked, which only served to show how tired and heavy-hearted he was.
"Yeah," Steve said on his way out (because he could think of no excuse to stay). "I knew that." He closed the door softly behind him and gave it a conciliatory look.
Both Peter's eyebrows shot up. "Embarrassing? Dancing
Of course, Steve’s immediate answer was: "Are
"Well, I wasn't a good fit," Tony said. A beat. "I'm still not." Then he realized this might sound like some weird fishing for compliments thing, so he raised his hand to stop Steve, but the protestation wasn't coming.
"It... didn't happen."
"Hey, Darryl!" His grin was so big it could encompass half the world.
Tony: ?
Steve spared him a sideways glance. "It messes with the visibility; I need the visibility," he said in a tad milder voice.
As far as Tony could tell, Steve did his best to stay on the sidelines, to help where help was still needed and possibly to slip away. But there were too many people who wanted to thank him and shake his hand or whatever. Only Natasha seemed to be giving him a hard time, only to keep casting worried looks at his back when he wasn't looking.
He got up from the chair and, somehow emboldened by Tony's tone, laid both palms against Tony's waist. "I'm right here," he said, "and I don't plan on dying anytime soon."
It was as if the cord that connected him to Tony kept fraying and getting stronger, randomly, and Steve had no control over it whatsoever. When he sometimes took initiative and wrote first, Tony would often as not ignore him or reply curtly. Maybe, Steve suspected, because he himself sounded awkward and forced and obviously never knew what to say. But sometimes the conversation would flow. Sometimes Steve could almost pretend all was normal.
"I've no doubt your legs are
It seemed they were all repeating the same questions at one another. Tony glanced at Cap for guidance, also hoping the man wouldn't notice. Thanks to the laws of universal irony, Steve was looking directly at him. "It's okay, I can take care of him. You go on, see about the engines."
." Cruel, probably, but again, this was Hammer.
anyone. But my mind would be elsewhere."
he wants to say, because he's promised himself he'd finally get his feelings into words, but he can't get them out. A lame
anyway. It even has a jacuzzi," she adds in a loud, suggestive whisper, and when had it become okay to insinuate this or that about people's private lives? It's highly unprofessional.
Tony suddenly perked up. "Oh, is that
Tony: I want to hear.
. "Doesn't mean you're fine. Means you're more fine than some of the other walking charcoal sticks. I know you
He stepped back.
Tony: You're creepy sometimes, do you know that?
Tony: Also fun.
Tony: Well, he's a stubborn old bastard, Steve, and he has found a way to make all of this even weirder, if you can believe it.
"I'm hailing Rhodey now," Tony said, not lifting his eyes from the keyboard. "I don't know how long it will take for him to get here, but he will."
"Us two? Me and
Somehow, my hands were on his shoulders, steadying him. He had gone pale and he suddenly looked older. "Tony are you all right?"
Natasha rolled her eyes so hard; it was just for him, and it almost made him feel all warm and fuzzy.
Tony: And how come, Steve? Seriously?
"Oh, just toss it in the back seat," Tony said, shivering, and the guy seemed to get the clue. He folded himself into the car somehow. For a moment Tony was afraid he wouldn't be able to fit in. That winter jacket was making him look like a bear, but the height wasn't due to the clothing, obviously.
, Tony had typed up a message to Steve – retyped Nat's question, actually. Then, a fraction of a second after he hit send, the idea seemed far less great and he wondered how much more of an asshole he could be in Steve's eyes anyway and why in the world he couldn't say anything normal like,
to do it." Inexplicably, Steve was starting to feel kind of bad about the whole thing. This wasn't Stark realizing running was good for him, nor beginning to enjoy it, either, like Steve wanted to believe. This wasn't an attempt to impress him, either, the way he had secretly imagined. The cadets got plenty of obligatory physical exercise during the day, a lot of strength training, some cardio. And, with the whole tight schedule, the training and the classes, no one got enough sleep as it was. Was there really a need for them to get up two or three hours earlier every morning, so that they could get to do it all
"I intend to. And I intend to train my new pilots the best I can, those that can be trained, and I'm going to keep my old pilots alive, and I'm going to get my injured pilots back from the infirmary and make them better." His voice was gaining force as he spoke. "And you know what, we are going to fight, because there is no other option, and we are not giving up."
Tony: I wouldn't give you something unsafe for you to try, ffs, Rogers.
Tony: Me, as in personally.
Tony: I'm dictating atm. Duh.
Steve just nodded curtly, an acknowledgment a conversation was definitely in order; that was enough for Tony. With a goal in mind, it was suddenly easier. He forced a grin, forced a surprised laugh, forced a light, silly voice. "Hey!" Friendly affront, that was the trick. He should have been an actor, really. "No tickling, Steve! Come on, buddy, I need to show you something."
True, that. I suppose I did tend to move about her house, peering at things, muttering to myself about her curtains and all the other ways their version of the cottage differed from ours.
"It feels like," Bruce said, "we've just been endorsed."
"Also," she went on, "don't you think he's enjoying your private little war a bit too much?"
He wrote:
"Do you?"
, with Tony – this thing that
What was this, what was going on? Was Steve interested or not? Interested in
Things were moving forward. And he didn't have to argue any longer.
Tony rose.
"Yes. Good gods,
Steve let his eyebrows climb up and up. "Only you would call cooking 'thermal processing'."
," he says with a frown and a barely-there mischievous spark in his eyes. "Let me think about it."
He needed to find out what happened to Steve. But once he did, that would be that. No doubt any more, but no hope either. What if it was something serious, something irreversible? What then? Well, then it would have been Tony's fault, obviously. His, because he didn't fix the sprinklers in time, his, because he was too slow, too inefficient, because he chatted to Steve and kept distracting him. He practically had no right to worry about his safety, now.
He looked disappointed that I'd guessed it, but it passed in a second. He smiled back. "Yeah. Turns out, he'd been carrying a torch since 2008, and she never even thought about him in that way before that day. And somehow it worked."
When he put the tray down, Tony's interest perked up. The biscuits were star-shaped and A-shaped and square, and Tony seemed to focus on them. "Are those Kambly?"
Tony: Not the bad one; the chess one, before that. I think I kind of overreacted there. You didn't really say anything. You just asked if I was supposed to be doing what I was doing, basically.
Cap seemed to finally get to the point. "You don't have to go running every morning any longer if you don't want to, you know. I think... I've made my point. And, er... you've done very well. Inspiring the others to join you too. Very good."
As he rolled the window down, icy air hit his face like a hammer. It had started snowing earlier, but in the warmth of his car Tony hadn't been aware the temperature had dropped this low. No, really, what's the lumberjack-type doing outside in this weather? Well, lumberjacking, probably, but still.
Tony allowed himself to grin.” Something new works.”
"In order to be aero-dynamical," the boy – the guy, Steve corrected himself – said. Quint was 19, and he didn't look much younger than that. It was probably just Steve, suddenly feeling too old.
"Nonsense," Tony muttered, unconvincingly. Aware of insufficiency of this, he jumped to his feet, looking around. A group of techs had spotted them and were coming over, damn them, bless them. Tony grabbed the nearest one by the shoulder, cordially, by way of distraction. "Cap, let me introduce you to someone. This is... Zeke."
Was it the drink? The distance? Did his hand tremble when he saw the man point the gun at Steve's back? His heart sure as hell did tremble.
Steve felt his teeth click.
. Believing he was fit for command, believing
Tony: Want me to send you barf?
, which was always a plus in Steve's book; a series of running jokes they shared; greeted him with
"You...
Tony vented frustration through sex, but now there seemed to be no frustration left, just the two of them, both seemingly reluctant to let go of each other. Steve remembered Tony's words again. On the same page? No, they weren't. And he wondered if he should be feeling bad about this – not the sex, but the aftermath. Still, Tony seemed to be snuggling pretty enthusiastically, leaning into Steve, both his arms around Steve. And Steve had his hands under Tony's shirt again – after they'd neatly tucked it in, oh well – moving them slowly, touching, feeling. The first time around, it was about both fulfilling and conveying a
Steve didn't have much in the vein of patience either. He hadn't slept in almost 20 hours, which was against the regulations. He was normally glad to skirt this particular rule when necessary, but now it was taking its toll. That's why his thoughts were so muddled.
Tony: Good.
The couple moved on, finding the topic decidedly uninteresting. The sound of violins, as well as the waves of laughter, were jarring to Tony, verging on unbearable. He needed to capture them and repurpose them and use them to his own advantage. The violins. The laughter. Everything.
Trying to suppress a smile and failing, Steve wondered if he should be a little offended at this, but it was just Tony being Tony, and at this point Steve wanted to see him so much that it hurt in his chest.
Tony: But that's not the point.
, old man!" Peter's smile was infectious.
"Of whom?" Steve shoots back, although he's still blushing.
"Well, I'm not a romance type of hero. Still, doesn't mean I don't deserve a subplot."
Steve moved a tad closer, rested his dick on Tony’s leg; moved it back and forth in barely noticeable motions, leaving trails of fire over the skin of Tony’s thigh. But: “Anything you like,” he said, his voice hoarse but unwavering.
Darryl's brow furrowed for a moment. Then, after what seemed like an eternity of thinking, he shrugged. "He's all right." He seemed oddly distracted. He kept glancing over Steve's shoulder, as if he was expecting someone.
Tony: Pepper kind of resigned. And they thought it was a good idea to reelect me as the CEO. So, here I am now, yay.
. And, weirdly, uncharacteristically, he had no idea whatsoever what to say.
In any case this wasn't what I would have expected. This felt bold and cheeky. "You sat for these?" I asked, even though I was pretty sure that wasn't the case.
“No,” Steve said firmly. “I think it’s supposed to be about the intent behind the things. And I don’t know what’s in anyone’s head either,” he added, somewhat hotly. “I don’t think anyone does. That’s not... it’s not a measuring contest. You’re a good friend. You’re
(See the end of the chapter for
It's the lightest of flicks, aimed at his head, although a few tresses go astray. A sharp sensation that isn't exactly pleasure and isn't exactly pain rushes from Steve's contracting balls into the tip of his cock, and he closes his eyes and cries out.
"Thank you very much," the guy said again, and he sounded so nice and polite that, by Murphy's law, he surely
And Steve wasn't saying anything, as if feeling words would just fall flat. The touch was enough.
. If he could have conveyed all he felt through that glare, his eyes might have melted.
"Oooh, a regular grandpa, then" Tony said. "Also,
Tony: Exactly the way I said it.
"I'm fine," Steve manages.
Tony was barely aware he was moaning against Steve’s lips. He pushed against his tongue with his own, scraped over his teeth. Both his hands were fumbling, pulling Steve’s shirt out of his jeans. Finally, he found the warm skin, felt it under his palms, and the urgency abated a little. It was as if every touch of skin on skin, every point of contact sated something in him, just to awaken a hunger for something else. He could feel Steve’s cock mash against his own, and the desperate, torturous
Tony said with a short, bitter laugh, as he refilled his glass (that Dream Tony drank way, way more than he did in reality; Real Tony thought it was unfair to have hangovers from dreams about drinking, but those might have been just headaches from irregular sleep patterns and shock).
"You do. I know the look. You are going to deck someone. Steve, are you going to deck someone? Because I think that would be highly frowned upon here."
Tony paused. Tried to determine how much of the truth he wanted to tell, but it blurted itself out, anyway. "I didn't really want to look for you, you know."
Now, what he had for Stark weren't feelings – not emotions, surely. He didn't even know Tony for real, not what kind of person he was, not what kind of opinions he held. But the man was like a tiny hurricane that came and took over Steve's life. It almost felt as if Steve stood by, on the side, in the bleachers, spreading his arms helplessly and wondering what that idiot in the field – namely, himself – was doing down there. (Steve had liked playing softball, while they still had things like softball fields... and sports... and, well, ground. ) Stark had sneaked up on him, somehow, and made his existence known. Half the time Steve couldn't tell if what he was doing to Steve was on purpose or not. Sometimes it obviously was. At other times – it very evidently wasn't.
Tony was also lying on his stomach now. He shifted marginally closer. Steve didn't move. Their shoulders were almost touching.
"You should focus on what you're doing," Steve said.
Apologies were out of question.
But, "You okay?" Rhodey asked, stealing his line.
"No worries," Tony chirped and vanished through the door.
Tony: it's better not to say 'lady'
Pepper nudged Tony with her elbow, lightly, cutting off his attempt to press Rhodey further. "Natasha incoming," she hissed. "With the entourage." He could never figure out if Pepper and Natasha actually liked or disliked each other. Probably both, he figured.
"Somewhere not here," he said. "I need you tell me how you managed to slip from one timeline to another. Also, do you have more particles on you or do I need to call Scott Lang?"
Tony listened to the report as he poured hot water from the kettle. The blood pressure was almost back to normal, and arrhythmia seemed to have subsided completely. Steve was still chilled through and shocky, but perhaps this wasn't a medical emergency anymore. Awesome news.
think about it," Tony says. "A bit." He nudges himself towards honestly. "A
"Sucks." That was all Tony said. Steve, however, knew Tony had been kidnapped and held in Afghanistan for a few months. After that, he'd just stopped producing weapons, all at once. The huge gap in the story wasn't something you asked a stranger about. But you could have your guesses.
Tony: Can't really talk right now.
It's like a time loop. He isn't sure if he's repeating these words, again and again, or not. He looks up. He needs to go and fight, he needs to...
Tony: It's pretty to look at, though. Eggplant. Like a perfect, shiny, purple pear.
did, surely not, not with the same velocity or intensity, not in the same
"Sorry about that," he heard Cap say.
With, it seems, a new determination, he takes a deep breath. "I would like to be the one tied up. That's what's, ah, interesting to me." His eyes wander towards the floggers for a moment, and it's all Tony can do  not to push him against the wall and just take him there and then, rules be damned.
the axe murderer in this scenario?" Steve asked, fighting off another onset of chills. Oh well, crisis averted, he thought to himself while Tony chattered about how he himself was a total mess, and therefore inherently suspicious, and
She was wielding a fire extinguisher, spraying the chemical in the direction of the flight controller's cabin. It didn't seem that much at risk, but it made sense, of course. The equipment in there would be irreplaceable, and without it, the viper crafts would hardly be functional at all.
"I take it the door will open only after we do what the note says." Steve is trying to sound calm, but his voice is hoarse. He doesn't seem particularly upset by the notion, though.
Steve doesn't delude himself that he could ever have what he wants, with Tony; it's a dead hope now, after everything. But perhaps a closure. Maybe they could learn to be at peace with each other. And still... hope might be dead, but it isn't in Steve's nature to give in easily. So, if he actually made an effort, and if Tony... No.
Tony: I'll send you a memo next time. Anyway, the point is, I'm fucked up, is all. Long before this. So, not your fault. I'm sorry I said it. I was being an asshole.
Tony Stark was... brilliant. And completely unsuitable for the army. And such a talented pilot that Steve had to
hear it from Steve's lips. As if that would make Tony understand. As if it would make Tony care to try...
to stand up on the surfboard was a magmatic geyser. It was as if a haze settled over Steve, and he felt himself pulled along into the world of laughter and acres of wet skin and gratuitous touching; hands on shoulders, elbows bumping elbows, feet stepping on feet on the soft, sandy bottom of the sea. Knees randomly brushing against knees. Everything perfectly tame. Everything so heated he thought there must be burn marks left on his skin. And Tony’s eyes, so lovely, so open, like Steve never thought he’d see them again; only for him.
Tony: Sorry, that was so incredibly lame.
"If... you are not sure..." Steve falters for the first time. He's been so level-headed and matter-of-fact ever since Tony found him. In him it spells contained desperation, Tony thinks, but he isn't sure. He can't read him. He needs to learn to. Then Steve gets his act together again and in a very controlled voice he says: "If you don't, I need you to tell me now. If you need to think, do. But please don't say yes and then..."
Steve looked up sharply. "You'd want that?"
Tony’s cock was pulsing with urgency,
"No idea what you are talking about," Tony said blithely, more a reflex than anything else.
She pulls it on, and then there is the nauseous shifting in the fabric of reality again. Thanos is no more and the gauntlet is no more, but all Steve has eyes for is Tony, who lands next to him and lets the nanities of his helmet disappear.
"You went away to be with him," she said. "Didn't you? Everyone thinks it was Peggy Carter, but I don't think so."
or he was going to strangle himself with his own smile. He'd escaped onto the balcony, and thanks to the lovely Norwegian weather, it wasn't occupied. Shivers and the dampness weren't so bad, really. Just a bit of air.
Tony: I love you?
His words had broken the spell. They had dispersed the cloud of quiet companionship that had somehow descended upon them.
And there I was, already missing him even though he was right there, in front of me, his voice hoarse from all the yelling. Rapidly, the fight went out of me all at once, and I was left, just standing there, looking at him with sadness. Everything had just turned around, and all I wanted was to take him in my arms. I couldn't, he wouldn't want me to. So I just stood there and let him have it at me until he was done.
That other Steve was a big puzzle to me and I thought about him often. How am I supposed to feel about a different version of myself? Sometimes I think about the fact that he wielded the gauntlet, and he looks like this huge hero to me, unattainable, larger than life. Someone having nothing to do with me at all. And sometimes I feel he is this huge jerk who could never go and tell Tony he loved him, even though he surely did. And, ridiculously, this is when I feel closest to him. I can picture myself falling into that exact same trap. Hiding my emotions from Tony – and from everyone – had become a pattern that was difficult to break, over the years. Even now, with our pact and with the way we were learning to talk to each other and to be vulnerable in front of each other – even now my first impulse had been to hide what I felt, telling myself he needed his time to grieve, telling myself I would spoil everything.
Steve seemed to consider this seriously for a moment. “Well, I’m sure glad they
mask, meant for friends and family. I'm pretty sure he can fool neither Morgan nor Natasha with it, though. "Why are you talking to some rando in the park when you're here to meet me?"
Tony: Maybe it's because I'm tired, but you do know how to be rather sweet when you want to.
Tony: Yeah. You?
be stupid in peace, out of sight. "You don't have to go," Tony blurted out. He looked a little stunned at his own words, but then he inclined the head for a second and owned them, as was his way. "You could stay and keep me company while I nap," he allowed with a grandiose gesture and a smirk. Seemingly no vulnerability left there, but Steve had a crazy feeling he could sense it just below the surface. "You could borrow a book or something," Tony added in more normal tones.
Tony: Okay. I'm calling Natasha.
Tony: Sarcasm again, btw.
"Yeah, I'm sure it wasn't," Tony said dryly.
Bruce sniffed the liquid, crinkled up his nose, then took a cautious sip. "At least no one's gone blind so far," he said. "
"I batted the branch aside," the man said brightly. Was that a hint of a shiver in his voice? Okay, everything else aside, the cold was getting severe and Tony needed to get him into the car and to move on. "But I, uh, skidded on the ice and collided with the car. Yeah. Well. Hey, I do know about the hobbits, though, I've read that book," the guy added.
Tony: I never even talked about this to anyone before. And now that you know, you're intentionally making it worse.
" Tony shifted. Steve felt good and solid against his back, and too cozy by far, but that wasn't all; Tony had a ridiculous feeling he could understand him better due to the physical touch. "Yeah, I get that, actually. You probably shouldn't be telling me this, though. By the way – I kind of dig the new outfit, but you should do something about that plunging neckline. It comes off as immodest."
"I meant... never mind."
"Right. You sure? Maybe I..." That was when Tony lost him again. He kept trying to tune in, to get
“Oh. I don’t know. Something unexpected. Something irreverent.”
Tony: Oh bullshit.
Now someone had started playing music from the speakers, not-too-subtle a hint to the guests that they had drunk all there was to drink and eaten all there was to eat and danced their way through the ballroom floor, and now they were overstaying their welcome, thank you very much.
." It was just possible he thought Steve had pointed at him, but Steve somehow thought that wasn't the case. Most likely he wanted to show off. Stark paused, however, reconsidered, and then he mellowed down his tone. "It doesn't need to be aerodynamically shaped for space flight," he explained. "For space flight you don't need the tail, the elevons, the rudder. You don't need wings." He gave a mock-apologetic shrug, looking back over his shoulder at the rest of the cadets. He grinned. "No drag." The other guys actually chuckled at that.
Steve just keeps frowning at Tony when he thinks no one's looking. Discontentedly, he sips at his juice, as if it were a big deal. (In all the years Tony's known him, the only thing Steve ever ordered at this time of day was coffee and apple juice. It's not as if he'd have picked anything else
Still, even as he thought this, he knew it wasn't the whole truth. It wasn't just the breakup and the emotional turmoil. He liked Steve himself way too much, and Steve didn't reciprocate, surely. They'd just met. How could he?
Steve, not that Steve had to know that, of course.
I'd thought... I don't know what I'd thought. That he felt more than friendship for me, even though, when I came here, I kept telling myself his friendship would be enough and more than enough. It wasn't. I wanted
be obvious,
Tony: Are we?
Tony: But maybe it just means I never really felt secure, and why the hell didn't I see this earlier, why didn't you tell me earlier, dammit??
The song of the ship's engines was a multilayered symphony. It was their constant companion, day and night, and people mostly stopped noticing it. Still, Tony found himself listening to it often. It kept reminding him of how flimsy the ship was, how tiny and human-made and fragile the thing that kept them all from dying. But, however delicate, the hum also reassured him everything was still okay, everything was still in order. He was used to listening to the buzz of various engines since the days he raced on Virgon, since the days he test-flew his own new models, too.
In any case – Steve suspected – if they could be alone for a little while and somehow wade through the awkwardness and emerge on the other side, maybe they could go back to being friends, maybe find their feet again; he'd be okay with that too, he really would. He'd set his hopes on tonight, and this was exactly what he'd pictured. All their friends, so happy to be alive and victorious and – finally – reunited that they'd barely notice Steve and Tony slip away to somewhere more private, to talk or not to talk, as it happened, but at least to do it together.
Still, the weakness was so overwhelming that Tony just let his hand drop and he collapsed against the back of the sofa, leaning his left cheek against the cushion.
Here, in
The gunshots are going to bring the local police very soon, of course, so the bad guys clear out promptly, and so do Tony and Steve. In the semi-dark and the confusion, probably no one recognizes them as the Deleon&Stirling stunning dentist duo, but it's stupid to risk it.
Tony: He's alive. He's all right. I made him braces for walking. So don't with the sorries, just don't.
Steve wasn’t to be distracted from the course, though. “I‘m not saying let’s dwell on the past,” he said. There was some desperate courage there, as if he wanted, needed to get  things out, no matter the consequences. “I don’t want to tell you again all the things I’ve already told you. I just...” It was his turn to sigh audibly, probably at the way Tony wriggled in his arms, suddenly uncomfortable. “
He didn't know how to say anything else after that, so he sent a vid that was supposed to convey
train, and she brought me here. So, I suppose I'm here because doing anything else just didn't seem plausible. Does that make sense to you?"
His eye-slits turned towards Steve's face, Tony leans over, touches his torso. The fingertips of the gauntlet are chilly, smooth, they are light as a butterflies as he runs first one hand and then both up and down Steve's ribcage. Then his whole metallic palms, up and then down in a slow caress. Tony pauses for a second, lets a side of his thumb brush against Steve's nipple.
already, Tony..."
Tony had literally sat there holding his hand. His fingers had been gentle, feather-light, as he applied the gel, even though Steve could feel every callus. He'd stared at the back of Tony's hand, because otherwise he would have stared into Tony's eyes. He could now recognize that hand anywhere.
So. What if Tony would be willing to do this again? Look at him, now, all molten and sleepy in Steve's arms. So quiet too. Not moving too much, just content to lean against Steve, who, in turn, was leaning against the wall. They weren't kissing now, but their faces were close, their lips touching just barely, and they stood and breathed each other's air.
. He felt he could chat to Peter about nothing in particular for ages and never tire of it. Also it was nice, having another chatterbox there, so that he didn't have to fill all the silences himself. It was
An observer is often observed himself, and many things are prone to go both ways. Tony cast a sharp look his way.
"Yeah, I know, but what's happening?" Steve glanced over. Tony's back was still turned to him, but he seemed to be shifting.
Oh god, the way Steve said it. “I didn’t know. Steve, I...” Tony stopped to take a breath. “Look, I suck at friendship or whatever, all right?”
Still woozy, but more or less awake, Tony fumbled for a cup of drinkably stale coffee and glanced at Steve's real-world art that was still lining the windows of the office in the Compound. Yep, the same style; the same hand, evident in every stroke. The straight lines, the sharp angles. He had been looking through Steve's eyes, in the dream; so, the following thought might have been his, or Steve's. All the boundaries had been blurred like a chalk outline someone had stepped on.
He raised his book to hide behind it.
. Tony's words to Fury rang in Steve's head. And of course he'd want to go – a brilliant inventor and a mechanic, why would he stay here, in the back of beyond? No, he was most certainly leaving, even though Steve was doing his best not to think about that. This was Steve's last chance.
How I slipped from one timeline to another? Of course. Of course he would want to do that. Of course he would try to figure out how to go to his daughter that wasn't his daughter and offer his paternal services, so to say.
Stark just looked at him. Steve found his gaze drawn to those big brown eyes, shining with intelligence. There was no impertinence there for the moment.
Tony: I imagine you should tell me what happened, if you can without breaking any confidences or whatever.
"My king?" Tony's voice was muffled under the helmet, but it was unmistakable. Slowly, he turned around, and while the courtesy required him to at least lift the visor, he didn't. Of course he didn't. Only, Steve wondered if it was just the usual Tony-like rudeness or if he still hoped to escape recognition. Did he really believe that would work? Even now, up close?
Tony was never too good at dealing with dislike. When it came from someone like Hammer, sure, he could bask in it like a cat. But when someone on the 'decent person' part of the spectrum dared show it, Tony's mind suddenly went all
He nodded quietly. And then, after a pause: "I'm going to try and get over there nevertheless, though."
That's the last thing Steve is aware of for quite some time.
"Yes, I know," Steve said, and he was right in front of Tony. Now he put his hands on Tony's elbows. Tony hated that he could feel the touch only vaguely through the thick garment. Still, the touch was there, and it made him swallow a lump in his throat. Steve wasn't finished speaking, though. "I know who you are, Tony, but I don't mind, I swear!"
too much, he wants
“Very pretty,” he replied.
Tony: I guess he is a bit of a dick.
"It went that bad, huh,“ muttered Rhodey, casting a glance over Tony's shoulder, then locking back onto Tony's gaze.
Tony’s eyes were hooded as he gently pressed their foreheads together. Holding Steve’s nape with one hand, he smiled. "I’ve got you."
"Because you wouldn't have believed me anyway, at that moment. You just... assume the worst." A reluctant pause. "And because sometimes you drive me crazy. But it's good to see you, even like this." He sighed. "I really missed you. "
). He didn't open his eyes, deciding to go by the old kids' principle: if I can't see them, maybe they can't see me either. Instead of a click of a lighter, however, he became aware of someone crowding him a little bit – just an unknown body in his space, uncomfortable for a moment – until the person settled, leaning against the railing beside him, his shoulder rubbing against Tony's with familiarity. And there was a tiny moment of wild hope, and a thought suspiciously shaped like
And when Steve went back to what had apparently been Tony's childhood bedroom, a little more at ease now, he set the candle down on the desk. And he noticed how tiny it was: a kids' desk, probably made for someone all of ten years old. He felt a muscle in his cheek twitch. Something in Steve shifted, then shifted again. Gently, he ran a hand over the surface, with all the dents and scratches and burn marks (from... welding?). And unsure why exactly, he covered his mouth with his hand and whispered:
"I hate seeing this place reduced to ashes," I said, looking away. Toyed with the mug, watching a spear of late afternoon sunlight touch the purple target symbol on it. "How's Clint, by the way?"
him so. Just being in the same room with him seemed surreal. And still, it was deeply uncomfortable as they avoided looking at each other, as they tiptoed around each other.
"Aw, are you still bitching about the fact you didn't make the cut into the academy at all?" he said lightly, looking Hammer up and down. "
He went very still. Things were getting from worrisome to truly urgent. This could easily represent a real, palpable danger for the whole ship. It needed fixing quickly, if it wasn't too late already.
Tony didn't know what he had expected, really. He should have planned this out. He was busy, true, but he should have paid someone to figure this out for him. Or written an algorithm.
“Are you drifting again?” Concern in Steve’s voice sent a shiver of guilty pleasure down Tony’s spine.  “What are you talking about?”
, Steve kept telling himself.
"Okay, tentatively count me in," Tony said. "Now spill."
Inexplicably, it hurt; it pierced Tony like a small icicle. He had somehow hoped Steve had liked him for
Steve looked around for a second, as much as he could for the smoke, trying to survey the situation. He couldn't see his own viper, and he felt instantly guilty he was looking for it at all. The fires weren't under control. These people needed help.
Tony saluted crisply, to the best of his rusty-for-20-years abilities and stayed like that. He wasn't a soldier. He'd never been a soldier. Not a good fit for the army, Fury had said, back when. Well, the man knew what he was about.
subsiding slightly, but he still suspected he won't be able to get very far like this. He stripped the kevlar west from the largest of the unconscious enemies and tossed it to Steve. "Put that on. No arguments."
"It's only been two days since the gala, you sap," he said, flippantly, unconvincingly. Mellowed it down with a long, soft look. He knew it was not what Steve meant.
Even thinking about it was pointless. Steve would never ask him to stay – in any capacity relevant to him – just like he would never leave Timely and come with Tony.
For some reason, Steve found this a bit funny. "You hate him, don't you," he said. "That's
They rented two sets of gear, and in the end Steve took to snowboarding like fish to water. Well. One big, golden fish that was used to having two legs but now had only one tail to steer with. Unlearning something is generally harder than learning, but Steve laughed and laughed whenever he tried to separate his legs but couldn’t, and ended up on his ass. And Tony watched him laugh and enjoyed showing him tricks and seeing him progress inhumanly fast after the few initial mistakes, and he couldn’t tear his eyes away.
Tony considered saying
And we did watch a movie. I picked a modern drama that Tony secretly enjoyed even though he shat on it all the while. And I didn't tear up at all, not even once. I considered it a victory.
But Steve just sucks in a hitchy breath and nods. "All right," he says. He feels his cock drip onto his stomach. His leg muscles are taut as strings. He
, he thought dryly,
Tony forced himself to step back so that Steve could come in. Steve, however, seemed frozen at the door.
Tony: Yeah. I mean, it's okay now. I sicced my legal team on them. They can suck my big legal dick. She was obviously let go.
– and there were other, more subtle clues too; the air, the muted sounds. He wondered if it was something primal in a man that revolted at being kept below ground, or if it was just his own thing about caves that made his breathing faster, shallower, more frantic.
"Steve, that sweater is even uglier than the one you're wearing!'
Tony: Rogers, you giant dick. Do you know how many worst case scenarios I can develop in a matter of seconds when you're not replying. You're hitting me in my worst fears and it's just not fair.
It felt unreal, like a scene from a movie. It was as if brain fog had descended on Tony's thoughts. And then it all swam back into focus, and suddenly it was real.
." Still, very quickly he went back to serious. "It doesn't really matter, anyway. Maybe I'm just lonely. And going a little bit insane, just like everyone else."
Tony thought. And he started moving with the beat.
Tony: Yeah, I was hoping to see you without six other people present, but whatever floats your boat.
Tony pretends he's dozing off, head on Steve's shoulder. He fervently hopes he's making him profoundly uncomfortable.
Tony: Oh god
"It's warm, and no one will see you, Tony. There is absolutely no one around."
In the end he evidently thought it a good idea to go with, "You did very well today, Stark." Maybe because it sounded stiff, a bit too rehearsed, or maybe because he was apparently back to being 'Stark', Tony felt his lips tighten. He didn't need praise from Steve. No, bullshit. He
But still, impossibly, after ages and ages, the spasms seem to pull further apart, and a languid peace begins to take over his body. He knows he's still in Tony's mouth, sweet and wet and comfortable. All the strength leaves him. He feels himself start to drift off. And he lets it happen.
In a flash of
Not that I'm not happy to see the shield, actually; it's an old friend. For someone who's moved house so many times, it's strange how nostalgic I get about things. Or, coming to think of it, perhaps it's not strange at all.
Steve brightened at this – the guy genuinely brightened, his whole face lit up. And no matter how pretty it looked, Tony felt irritation build, mostly at the fact he still noticed how pretty it looked.
“This means war!”
Tony: So, it makes me sick
And Steve nodded. "All right, Stark." Heat and cold mixed in his belly because this was most probably a goodbye, forever, and what if
Who else, Natasha reflected, would decide to put his life in the hands of a mystery knight in reddish armor, a self-titled Iron Man, who refused to show his face or share his name? And, what's more, who would go on trusting him implicitly against all the good sense even after he revealed himself to be Anthony Stark, the estranged son of king Howard of Northumbria, Steve's greatest foe at the time?
Tony: Because look what Zemo did to us, just to tear the Avengers apart.
to him
Before he could figure out what was happening, Steve was upon him, both hands on Tony's back, pulling him close, undeniably there, undeniably burning, his palms drawing wild, irregular paths into the map of Tony's back. His mouth was pushy, biting, bruising on Tony's. "You've no idea what I want or don't want," Steve whispered hoarsely.
But since it's me now... I don't know anything about PR. And I don't work for any state, all the states want to lock me up, so I don't give a damn about their secrets any longer. And if you think you might panic, then don't watch this. But you'll have to determine for yourselves, I'm afraid. When Nat... When Black Widow and Steve Rogers took SHIELD down a few years back, they leaked all the info, put it on the internet. It was freely available until, well, until fairly recently, I'd say. Now it's nowhere to be found. But I'm doing this in the same spirit. I'm also going to assume you know what happened there, you had enough time to sift through the data, there were a few pretty good analytical pieces too. They should still be available on wayback machine, I think, if nowhere else. Oh, shit, maybe I shouldn't have... Nat, do we edit this out? No? Okay, so if you find them, repost them, then, all right?
"Oh, yes, I recorded some advanced stuff for y... eh, I recorded it last night," Rogers said, with an inexplicable but quickly covered stammer mid-sentence.
Tony was empty for a moment, disappointed, left
Tony: Christ, don't do this to me.
"You fought often?" I asked.
Tony: Steve? You seem like you're falling apart. Are you falling apart? Don't fall apart.
A moment of pure, undistilled silence stretched. And then a horrified look slowly overtook Tony's face, and before Steve could digest what had been said, Tony wriggled away from him and ran out, shirt untucked, slamming the door behind him.
"Yes," I answered, aiming for ambiguity.
Tony: And if it had been him, then you could NOT tell me.
"Yeah," Tony says. "You should have. And also, I love you too. You figured that out, right? Because it took
Tony: Sanctimonious prick.
"The battle with Thanos."
It was as if he saw Steve for the first time since he entered the room. His eyes looked unusually mild in the firelight. "You brought me tea," he said very softly.
Tony laughed softly. Steve knew his painful, self-deprecating laugh, even though, he thought, perhaps no one else around here did. He very much wanted to turn that laugh into a real thing; if only he could find his words.
"Mind the piss," he called out over his shoulder, and then, again "Piss", when he hopped over the next one. Well, the techs will certainly have to scrub their own deck, so, he thought, this seemed like pissing in the wind, pun fully intended. (He'll have to make that joke later, although perhaps it was a bit too obvious.)
He almost made it to the door before Toy said, "Cap." Then nothing else. Steve turned. Tony had a peculiar expression on his face. He hesitated. "Look, I know I'm a pain in the ass when I'm sick..."
Tony: Hey, I've thought of some more hard questions, if you're in the mood. Just one, actually. But I'm guessing you're not in the mood? I'm not either, really, but...
"Stories are still being told," Rogers said very dryly. He paused then. "Let me ask you something. Do you want this? To be a pilot?"
He reflected over this as he awkwardly wriggled out of his jacket. It was an old garment and the zipper didn't open all the way, so he had to pull it off over his head. The inside of the car was piping hot. Steve still had chills but they would pass in a minute. Most of it was in his head anyway. Besides, Steve was wearing a warm sweater underneath.
something that you maybe, just maybe could have. "I'm thinking we should discuss it in person? Come on, what do you say? If I send a super-secret jet for you, would you be willing to come crash at Casa de Stark? I'd come pick you up myself, but Friday disapproves of me flying
The pleasure is unbearable. The orgasm shakes him and breaks him and he keeps coming and coming in Tony's mouth. Distantly, some part of his brain register the cum leaking out the corners of Tony's lips, although he keeps swallowing diligently. Sucking Steve through orgasm, sucking him through the aftershock. The surges of sweet pain are shaking Steve's body over and over again, and it seems this orgasm will never stop.
Steve shrugged one shoulder minuscully. "I'd rather have you do it than the medic." A small smile was playing around his lips, and it had to be the painkiller, it just had to be. If Tony thought those soft looks were coming from  Steve himself, he might have kissed him on the spot, everything be damned.
Then: “I thought you meant me,” Tony blurted, and was instantly grateful he did have the shades on. He hid the rest of his face behind his chocolate mug and took a sip.
Tony: Didn't you, though?
Tony: To steer clear of international politics.
, it's just Steve getting back at him for today. It's not a real come-on. Not that Tony would want it to be. Definitely not.
That night, Steve really wanted to know why he'd bristled on the inside when Darryl suggested sending Stark back to the tech department.
Or something.
Tony: Absolutely nothing.
"By human behavior I take it you mean yours?" Bruce stretched halfheartedly, rubbing his eyes. "And did you – what, hack into my
Tony: Look, I understand that.
As he said his
Tony: Was going to throw it away, but hey.
“It’s happened before?”
Tony: Is this you being jealous?
"I suppose the Ancient One knows what she's talking about," I said dutifully. "She sure knew how to get me here."
Tony's face scrunched up for a second, perplexed. "Parker?" he said. "What about him?"
Tony: Wow, glad you’re so good at accepting it.
"Aw, it was there this morning, I know I saw it..." Cap leaned over and around Tony's right shoulder – so very careful not to touch him that it seemed almost ridiculous – and started scrolling through the files. "No, really, people just keep messing with..."
Not these knights right here, though, obviously; not her
. Unless he suddenly sprouted wings and went out the window, you should know where he is!"
Steve half-listened, and thought: the way Tony ran to save him today, the way he leapt in front of Steve to protect him,
He stepped back, and Steve picked up his skis and stepped in. Shook the snow from his hair like a big dog, took off his goggles, hanged them on the coat rack. Closed the door behind him.
Captain then went on to explain about what will be expected of them, what they will be studying. Mainly basic flight and combat tactics, Tony learned. But before they even set  foot in the cockpit, they were going to review everything in the one ancient flight simulator they had aboard
An impulse to say something harsher than what he really thought shot through Tony, for example
"Why?" Tony asked the man who seemed to be in charge of the lab personnel. "Why did you take me? Why did you take him? What did you intend to do with us?" His voice was as cold as his cell at night and the gun in his hand didn't shake. He wouldn't have shot anyone in cold blood, but he was damn close to it. It probably showed.
"You keep saying 'when we get out of here'," Steve interrupted. "Do you have a plan?"
Steve stumbled over something on the floor – something that seemed suspiciously soft under his foot. He swore to himself as he bent down.
(This was one of the reasons Steve would have preferred not to feel anything at all. Most of the time, it got from 'feeling' to 'unbearable' in ten easy seconds.)
Well, everyone needs reassurance sometimes, Tony supposes.
Then, never breaking the pace, Tony reaches out with his left hand and pinches Steve's nipple. It's like an electric shock that goes straight into his brain, filling it with shooting stars, but it's still
Tony: Thanks, buddy.
"We won," Steve says, still nearly unable to wrap his mind around it.
Steve imagined that phone call differently. The phone would ring, and he would answer it.
"No, we don't," Tony says, and they start walking, easily falling into step. Old habits die hard. "The sooner we're done with each other, the better."
All of a sudden, the sound of cicadas was the only thing in the world. Distantly, he thought he was standing there, struck dumb. His throat was tight and as dry as the desert air, and the only thing that rang in his suddenly empty head were the goddamn cicadas.
Steve nodded just once. Tony nodded back. Something unspoken passed between them, and for the life of him Steve couldn't tell what it was, but he knew breaking eye contact would feel like a loss. It lasted for a few seconds, and then somehow, everything seemed to flow more smoothly.
if I'd been without clothes."
"You're sick?" His voice sounded mildly worried.
The airport around them is bustling with activity, and the two of them are just two dudes in generic clothing. Steve is wearing a beanie and a pair of ridiculously hipstery glasses that – Tony has to admit – are a good match for his new beard. He looks like no one in particular, but better built.
be embarrassing!"
"I'm all right, though." Steve put it out there like an unbreakable shield in front of him, even if his previous statement belied it.
"Oh you're the one to talk," Cap shot right back, and it shouldn't have felt so good, but it was so close to Tony's ear that it made him shudder. He let himself indulge the impulse just for a second. Cap was so near – hunched over the panel, and Tony – still apparently looking for the  recording from yesterday. "Tera from the mess hall said you keep bothering her, begging for coffee." There was a hint of laughter in his voice.
For a moment, in the reining silence that followed, nothing moved. And then the guns of Tony's old friends, like in a nightmare, turned on Steve, and everyone was yelling at the sheriff to
Besides, when had it become okay for them to touch each other like this? Tony couldn't remember if they'd ever hugged. Nope. Not even in their best days. A firm handshake was all Steve could tolerate – Tony thought, trying to distance himself from the sudden neediness coiling in his stomach – or perhaps a friendly peck on the cheek, but exclusively from Nat.
"You go tell Natasha to let the bridge know I'm down there. And put on some clothes." Steve spoke quickly, more decisively. "If I'm not back in..."
cold. Here he would have started losing life functions slowly until he went under, and even the serum couldn't help with drowning. If Tony hadn't got paranoid and went to check the alarm... But he did, he told himself firmly. He did find him, he did save him, and here was Steve, perfectly warm, fantastically alive, and if Tony didn't flirt he'd get choked with joy and then Steve would notice something. Flirting was a venting mechanism. Flirting was safe because flirting, after all, didn't have to mean anything. If anyone asked, it was all a joke.
Tony ignored him. "Before I do anything else," he said, "I need to get my hands on that serum suppressant. Well, the drug too, obviously, but the suppressant first of all. I need it. Once we get out of here..."
And they
A gentle tap on the shoulder, a hand burning like a million suns. How did he know whom it belonged to? It must have been some unsquished remnant of insane hope inside him; he squished it deliberately, then.
And that would be only 25 years of a time hop. And it would be unbearable.
He drives to the Compound. It will be awkward, he knows, but he doesn't care right now. He's wrapped in the fact that he can go see Steve and Steve will want to see him right back. The rest of the word seems vague and irrelevant.
As if none of this was taking place, Tony shrugged. "Well, Wanda redecorated back in 2k16. I never liked what she did with the place." Nope, if this was a competition at failing at pretend-casualness, he would be a definite winner. See, he could always outdo Steve when it came to shitty competitions.
"I'm..." Tony began; paused. I'm
And then Tony goes on playing with his body. He pulls the handle out and shows Steve how wet and glistening it is. He lifts Steve's cock with it, bending to take a good look. Prods at his balls gently. Pulls them up. And then the handle finds its way to his perineum, twisting, massaging lightly. It isn't a sharp, shooting thrill, more like a slow buildup of pleasure, caresses awakening his nerve endings, but as soon as Steve starts rocking into it, the massage stops.
he told himself, as the ice-cold
Tony: Not even a teensy little bit?
," Tony said sharply, and the name felt weird on his tongue, angular, rough with disuse. At the sound of his name, Steve stopped, blinked, swallowed. And,
Tony: When you've been sacked and you are carrying all your possessions in a cardboard box, walking to the door – do you also call that box a care package? I'm curious.
. "God, yes," Tony breathed. "But, Steve..."
"Well, next time I need to cut your frozen clothes off of you, I'll be sure to think about your modesty first." Tony's heart twisted at the sharpness in his own voice – what was wrong with him? "If I sound like an asshole," he added, trying to smile and probably failing,, "that's mainly because you got me really scared, okay? And a little bit because I actually am. An asshole, I mean. Now, how are you feeling? Do I need to ask you what year it is and who's president and all that?"
We both stayed on our respective ends of the bench, obviously, but just sitting so close to him was glorious enough.
," Tony groans, because he's pretty sure the man would do it, just to spite him.
"What are you running from? Someone's husband? Someone's
Tony relaxed. See, they could do this. “I thought to kind of go a little bit off-piste too, but not too far. And I’d have the suit on call, in case something happened. It could fly over in fifteen minutes or so, at worst. There are emergency protocols and all.” He considered for a moment. Then, because coercion didn’t feel right, and because, if Steve came with him, Tony wanted him to
After maybe ten minutes of an inevitable discussion of scientific methods, validity and who's a bigger jerk, he strapped Tony into a piece of his own equipment, and after some more squabbling and several hours of uneasy sleep (because by this point Tony could pretty much fall asleep anywhere, anytime, he was so tired, but staying asleep was a wholly different matter), they had a set of results.
“Wouldn’t stop a sprained ankle from hurting
"I don't... want this?" He laughed – with a hint of bitterness, I thought. "Oh, I
"Yeah?"
Steve breathed slowly. What seemed like a million different replies buzzed and flocked in Steve's mind. The musicians had finished their final waltz. The last of the guests were leaving now or seemed about to leave. Both groups of the Avengers, as well as Wolverine (no one could drink like Wolverine, especially if someone else was paying for it), were among the last ones present, as was generally their manner. The time seemed to be speeding around them, and all he could do was watch Tony, still in a good mood, lean over to Rhodey, saying something, grinning... He wasn't looking at Steve at all,
Tony: Honestly? No idea. What have you been up to today?
spot Rhodey and Carol, surrounded by a sea of minglers and officials and fans. Steve waited for a lull. Rhodey seemed uncharacteristically nervous, for some reason. He seemed to be toying with something in his jacket pocket, sneaking weird looks at Carol. He seemed on the verge of opening his mouth to say something, then apparently changed his mind. This happened twice as Steve looked on.
"I don't think you should be walking around too much, Tony. Also, did you put a vest on?"
Tony: Look, I'm actually trying to be less of a dick to you, I hope you appreciate that.
He felt Cap's solid hand on his shoulder.
This was supposed to be a simple and very straightforward conversation. Ask a question, get an answer, bye. With the two of them as participants, though, it turned into a misunderstanding fest with embarrassment galore. To an outsider, it would probably seem hilarious. They should sell tickets and popcorn. Tony's stomach was tied in knots, though, and he didn't think he could take this much longer, so he just plunged on.
Tony: Are we fucked up or what. Also, no one above the age of 12 says yucky.
Steve grabbed him by the shoulder. His face seemed focused, but his grip was too hard, too urgent. "Tony..." He began, took a deep breath. "Listen, while we're still... Look, I'm sorry. About everything. You have to know that."
Still, the moment Steve stepped through that door, alarm bells went off in Tony's head. It wasn't just about letting him go. Letting him go was sad, sure, but letting him go with a lie felt decidedly wrong. Tony needed to let him know who he was, and he needed to let him know he was aware who
Their eyes met properly. Tony smirked.
"I found someone in danger of asphyxiation," Steve told Tony briskly. "You?"
Tony: So, basically, that's not a bad advice, since I realized I didn't give you any last night, and you asked for some.
Tony: Please don't.
But then, two or three running steps, and a great, resounding crash. Perceptible vibrations in the wall itself. What sounded like a pained grunt. That wasn't right, but it felt hella
"Yeah," Tony said. "It's me. What happened? Who else was with you? Where..."
Tony: Okay, in all honesty, she also wanted to check if I was involved and to yell at me about it.
Reed had shaken him by the shoulder. If Tony hadn't blinked and shuddered and disconnected himself from the multiversal gate, Reed would probably have snatched the chance to slap him or something. With a very good excuse, of course.
Tony: I’m a bit at a loss for words. Is that normal, do you think?
Tony: One of the cruxes let's say.
Tony gasps for breath, still gripping his own cock in his left hand, still milking it for sensation. The flogger falls from his fingers, but he's hardly aware of it.
"Yeah," Steve said, desperately wanting for Tony to say something, but Tony was uncharacteristically silent.
, was just implied.
When the time came for the preliminary exam in basic flight, Tony wasn't particularly worried, and despite the Cap trying to play a hardass, Tony passed. Of course he did. He even got a curtest, tersest "Well done, cadet." He couldn't resist but bow his head graciously and drawl: "Why, thank you, Captain." He regretted it immediately. He didn't have to sweat it much, though; they both pretended he hadn't said anything.
In the end, there is one plane ticket that goes to waste. There is one plane seat that remains vacant to the last minute, to the joy of an elderly woman whose daughter is about to give birth on the other side of the continent. In the end, there is a team of heroes on the West Coast, lead by one Clint Barton who isn't sure he was born to be a leader, but does unexpectedly well. There is, in the end, also one attempt to buy a small local bridge from the NY Department of Transportation that owns it, but the bridge is unfortunately not for sale. Also, there are better ways to spend your money, as some would point out, even if you have a lot of it; even if you secretly are  a sentimental sap, despite pretending otherwise. Still, as the locals know well, the two rich dudes from the fancy compound nearby tend to have a picnic on that bridge once a year; they climb over the wooden railing – which is prohibited – and sit on the stone blocks at the edge of the bridge, and talk; mostly, everyone likes them too well to disturb them.
Tony: Okay.
"Fine," Steve said.
The rhythm of my own heart was choking me, and I thought I knew what it was, I never forgot: an asthma attack. But then I remembered: no, no, all I need to do is breathe. The heart refused to slow down, though. My fight-or-flight response kicked in, and my feet acquired a brain of their own. Before I knew it, I stood there, next to his bench. I thought I was going to crush him to my chest when I got near, but then all I could do was stand there like a log, doing nothing.
"Are you going to?"
, audible only because the complete silence reigns at that moment. And then it's just Tony, in his armor, all of a sudden, so achingly familiar Steve's heart skips. And he looks flushed and his hair is plastered to his brow with sweat. His eyes are incredibly big, as they stare at Steve's face. He shakes his head.
"Weren't you going to fuck me?"
Tony smirked. "I know where they keep silicon grease."
Tony: Only, somehow you'd be able to make it look like a healing, wholesome family experience or something. And you would have sympathy of thousands.
, Steve told himself. For a moment he lingered at the door, unable to look away.
"He's got both distal and proximal fractures on his right forearm", said a hesitant but mildly dry voice at the door. "Not to mention a dislocated left shoulder. I don't think he'll be playing cards anytime soon." This was when Tony first noticed the young doctor that had been traveling on the cruiser together with him and Hammer. Doctor Banner, he remembered. At first he was drafted into the medical personnel of
"Tony..." Steve began, sounding exasperated and a little tired, but Tony cut him off.
Tony: Because, if that's not the case, I feel I have to tell you
Tony: Wanna know what I just did?
As we were nearing the establishment, I looked around, noticing the small differences from the New York I knew – here a store front was painted green, not blue; over there, a fancy flower shop stood in place of a bookshop where I'd bought something once. And  since I was paying so much attention to the details and not the big picture, I only then realized where we were.
It wasn't your regular 'let's be friends' some people served you. Steve wasn't trying to let him down easy. What Steve said – he meant. That much was clear to Tony.
The next time he went in, it was to bring Tony chicken soup. He'd found a can in the kitchen, poured it into a pan and warmed it over the fire in the sitting room. (That pan will never be the same again. Steve hoped Tony wasn't too attached to it.)
between them also seemed to have dissipated. Steve looked at him, and now it was just Tony, lying there, taut and tired and familiar; and his features were so sweet and dear Steve thought his own heart would explode behind his eyes. He wanted to wrap him in his gaze and just hold him, keep him safe forever. Just being beside him could be enough. Just being there. Sated and relentlessly wanting. Enough and not nearly enough. The eternal puzzle.
Bruce is still not out of his green phase, and Tony sometimes misses his human face, but he at least talks to Bruce semi-regularly.
place when I said it was a nice day for skiing.”
Tony: I have to ask. Did the fact that you didn't tell me about H and M have nothing to do with Barnes? I'm really trying to sidestep my feelings on the matter and not be hard on you about it, not right now that you're falling apart and bursting at the seams and finally talking, Christ almighty, and drinking milk of all things, for fuck's sake. But. How? I mean. It's not easy for me either. This. Talking to you about this. I think that the fact you didn't tell me was actually you protecting him. From me. Because you figured I'd do something to him. And if that's the case, you should be honest. Which I still hope you are. But I'm thinking maybe you aren't. But if you are going to talk about this, then you can't skim over the issue. Which I'm trying to tell myself you are AGAIN doing in order not to upset me, god knows I'm not the most stable of people and my reactions are anthological, but Steve, come on. You gotta tell the truth, Rogers. It can't go on like this. That's not how this works. If that's how it's going to be, I
It wrung Tony’s heart that Steve seemed almost grateful for every plain, non-combative sentence that came out of Tony’s mouth. The guy seemed somehow milder in return. Action and reaction. It was a marvel how simple laws of physics applied to humankind. Tony’d been right. Have some fun. Do things together. As long as they mostly avoided talking, they’d be fine.
and all that. A modicum of respect will be enough. And I do know these lines tend to get blurred this far out in the Black. And I know you and your fellas are no soldiers – yet. But, from you, at least, I'd expect to know better. So don't step over that line. The demerit on your first day – that's quite an accomplishment, by the way. It stays for now. It means..." Cap paused.
In the morning, as he wondered what he'd said, he realized how much he fucking
! Oh my god, I have to see you kiss!
Throughout this rendition, Peter’s face grew redder and redder like he was about to explode in protestations or laughter.
He was running a loving finger over a drawing. Now he looked up at me, incredulous. "Angry? These are lovely. But they are still not the proof of what you wanted to prove, Steve."
Stark, however, had other plans.
, it was two fingers now. Pressed carefully together, to make them as small and narrow as possible. Tony swallowed, willed his muscles to relax, and they were
There was more to that sentence than the simple sum of words. Steve’s eyes went to meet Tony’s, as if some kind of chemical affinity drew them together. Tony couldn’t look away either. His breath hitched, but hey, who needs breath anyway? Aware he sounded strangled, Tony managed: “Okay, maybe you’re enjoying the day, but that’s not the same thing,” he said, and an attempt at nitpicking made his heart resume the previous rhythm. He breathed out, some of the composure returning to him. “You’re here with
it to be
Tony: Okay?
"No. You said you
Emotions hit unexpectedly. Tony swallows them. "It counts," he concedes quietly. His voice is thick. He'd think it was a dead giveaway, but Steve just goes on, too fired up to notice, perhaps.
In his wicking pants and a fleece sweatshirt, Steve felt strangely naked. This was ridiculous, he realized; Tony had seen him in his undersuit a million times. And he sort of avoided looking at Steve too much anyway, as he pointed stuff out around the cottage from his blanket fortress on the couch.
Still, I had something to say – something that I'd known all along, but now it crystallized in my mind. And I had to say it, right then, or I wouldn't say it at all.
Tony: Maybe that's a thought worth consideration.
"We always managed to somehow evade each other. We were too good at it."
Do you need to sit down?"
be possible. Even if you... Well, I don't know if you still fight or not, I don't know anything, really. But... for your art, if nothing else..."
Tony: Like what we used to have.
think it: he
Steve's face is only inches from his own, and Tony's head is reeling. Tony swallows, shoots back: "Gum drop."
We tried to do damage control. I have some footage here, I'm going to show you, it was – funny story, that, but most of it was edited out of the news stories you probably saw. We had to do a bit of hacking to get our hands on this material. You can add it to our list of crimes, feel free, yeah. I probably shouldn't have said that. Some of the footage is our own.
"What about Fisk?" he heard himself ask. "And Roxxon? Who is going to protect Timely against a retribution? What...?
that turned him back around, that turned his head, that laughed with him and put his hand on Tony's and... it could have been just plain teaching, but it
Bucky had said.
“Steve?”
“Hurry, damn you.” Tony’s voice was creaky, his throat dry. One finger, in the beginning, was the worst, he’d always said that. That feeling of being uncomfortably full and then, ate the same time, not full enough, not nearly enough.
"Just give me a minute," Steve said, slightly overwhelmed, more with his own thoughts than with Tony's words, even though they were coming like a flood through a broken dam. "I'm trying...I."
Tony: I know.
"I felt it crack," came from the other side. Which wasn't an answer at all.
"Do you like it so far?" Tony's voice was soft, and sounded a little strangled.
for the day he would enter a real cockpit of a real craft, be launched off the deck and shoot out into the Black like an arrow. He
, for whatever reason, it didn’t matter, just to have him by his side, just to be near him; and he wanted to reach out and grasp Steve’s hand (warm and dry like the sunlight itself) and to not let go; he wanted to unsay all the stupid, insensitive thing’s he’d blurted out, pretending, always
Coming here, staying, getting to know Tony again. Living an uncomplicated life, if there is such a thing. And then I immediately felt guilty, because next to me I could feel him sinking.
"Married for years," he said with some satisfaction.
Tony: My needing to know you're still alive trumps your need for sleep any day.
Steve gave her a stubborn look, as if to say
"Regrets?" Tony inquired, faux-lightly; Steve knew that tone of his. It was anything
you, what I can
"Well, I found a dog," Steve said blandly, "I just needed a sled." Seconds too late, he realized this was a mistake.
They were wasting time here. Tony rounded on Steve. "
Tony: But, I mean.
you know what I'm talking about."
?" Steve asked, completely bewildered.
"So, what do you think of Cap now that you know him better?"
Tony: Something good.
Tony: I'm fine.
"Did he get water in his lungs?" Tony asked Friday, as he pulled Steve's vest off and grabbed a wooly blanket that he started tucking around Steve's torso. The skin under his fingers was sickly grayish, and clammy; like touching a fish. If Steve died like this, stupidly, from the only thing he ever feared, Tony would...
Tony: In my head and outside of it.
Rogers positioned himself, grabbed a good hold of the handle with both hands and nodded. Which was – stupid, Tony thought, because it was dark, and Tony was supposed to be looking at the controls, not at him,
," he said, his words a soft caress of warm air against Tony's ear. Tony wanted to tell him
I nodded. I already knew what he was going to say. "Yeah. We start telling each other things."
"Nah," Tony said. "I still remember everything." He leaned over and started reading.
Meeting Steve's eyes across the room was like zeroing in on a target and scoring a superb hit, like playing the piano and finding that perfect rhythm, the perfect mood, the one you suspected the composer had had in mind when he wrote the piece. In that moment, Tony thought everything made sense and everything was going to be okay.
Steve hesitates, bites his lower lip for a second. The sight is doing evil things to Tony's insides. "I'd..." the blond begins, stops.
is – could you conceive to ever leave Timely? You know, see the 'verse, help people in need, shoot at the bad guys...?"
?" He must have seen something in my face, then, because he leaned forward, touched my hand. "Hey." Even amidst all this, I relished the intimacy. This... just this could be enough for me, just an occasional touch and I could be happy. I wasn't going to pressure this Tony, or myself, for anything more. I just wanted to get to know him, if he let me, and maybe offer him something that I dubbed 'tender friendship' in my head. What I wished I'd thought to offer my own Tony earlier. "Hey, bug guy, you all right?"
“Hey.”
"That's how dolls are today. All parents get nightmares. Cope, Rogers."
Oh, no.
Bruce sat up in bed. He looked up and down the rows of sleeping pilots and shrugged. "I have my connections in medical," he said dryly. "I'll bribe someone into letting me pass."
Tony would have thought that a prospect of seeing Steve nude for the first time would be a happy occasion, but:
"...Smuggle shit in order to stay afloat, as long as shit is not too morally questionable, yes," Tony replied without a slightest pause, a smirk turning into a grin.
Cap shook his head, cleared his throat, for some reason looked quickly to the side. "I heard the thumps," he said. He sounded very calm, though. "I thought to check if the people were okay first." He waved towards the phone on the wall. "Darryl's phone line is not working, and I can't get through to the bridge either."
how it was done, she suppressed a smile. "He's alive, Steve. And we're here to keep it that way." Something urged her to continue. "
, wall to wall, like a zoo animal or any honest prisoner in a decent cell, but putting any unnecessary weight on his bad leg seemed silly, and, besides, hopping and limping this way and that would probably look totally ridiculous. He settled for tapping his good foot in an erratic rhythm.
Tony: I fell asleep for a sec. I'm here.
"Have
Tony: I just don't know what to say.
Tony: But apparently I can't have that now, not like that, so maybe this is better than nothing.
"Open them!", Tony snaps, sharply, and Steve complies with a gasp. He can feel Tony's palm on top of his stomach, pushing him down, holding him immobile. He can feel the tip of his cock, only millimeters away from Tony's gauntlet. Steve imagines how cold it would be if he could touch it with his cock, imagines how the metal would be too slick for much friction, and the thought itself is already excruciating. He doesn't try, he just lets himself crave for it a little longer
Tony is furious with Steve's face, so very, very close to his own, furious with Steve's impossibly blue eyes that... (there he goes, getting carried away again)
He took a breath, tried to shift his thoughts into the zone of the practical. Turned back to Steve. "You can see nothing at all? Not even light?"
as soon as he said it.
Tony: Because I reread the conversation, and you know what, I don't feel like apologizing for telling the truth.
And than it was all "Carol, are you sure?" and "Yes," and "Carol, are you
busy packing, bustling about, muttering about how the electricity needed sorting out and this was no way to have a vacation. Somehow, he didn’t sound too serious.
And those few words were enough to turn me to dust.
Tony: See, even when you're depressed, you still know how to put a more positive spin on things than me!
"Which I am not."
"There's a diner that's always open nearby," Steve said. "I could... ah. I wouldn't mind keeping you company. If you want? Otherwise they'll serve you eyeballs and hooves and rotten vegetables because you're an Outsider."
"So work for it."
He crouched by Tony's feet, inclined his face upwards as if asking permission.
As a result of all this, as far as I could see, the universe had more lose ends than a sweater Wanda once tried to knit. (Don't ask.)
Tony leaned closer to both of them, almost pulling them into a huddle, and shared a piece of gossip. It was harmless, funny, so why did it rub Steve so wrong? An unexpected laugh escaped from Sharon's lips, jingling and surprised, and as she turned her eyes on Tony in mock-reproach, Steve felt a stab of hot jealousy again, even though this time,
"I'm sorry about last night," he manages to say because on the way here he rehearsed it. He figured, if he got to say anything at all to Steve, he had to say that one sentence.
I did try to stick around for a time. I even came to see Morgan whenever I could. It was otherworldly, walking through the house in which I'd lived for 15 years with Tony, and still it belonged to someone else here, it was suffused with somebody else's presence. Pepper tolerated me for a time, but one day she cornered me.
, an inner voice warned him occasionally, but Tony did his best to shut it up. It was a bit of sexual tension, nothing more. That, and a bit of fun.
"You found it," Steve said, getting to his feet in his blanket. And then. "Oh, that looks like a..."
"You can't know that," I said.
Tony knew he was right, he knew this was deserved. And he wasn't feeling that bad, really, apart from the nose and the cough. He didn't even have a proper headache. But he also suddenly knew, with all his being, that he couldn't do this. Not because he was drowning in snot, nor because his knees were jelly (all that was surmountable). He just
Tony: It's under control.
"There's something you haven't told me," he echoed, as if that was exactly what he was going to say anyway.
They were lying back to back, and after the first few seconds of embarrassedly trying to avoid touch, Tony gave up and just moved as close as he could. Then he proceeded to shiver, pressed against Steve's back, until the chills slowly subsided.
Staring at Steve from a distance, he found himself overcome with a strange reluctance. He didn't need to go over, talk to him, did he? The medic was busy; Tony'd just be in the way, wouldn't he? And what could he say to Steve?
Tony puts both his hands on Steve's upper thighs, squeezes for a second, strokes Steve's skin with both his thumbs, roughly. Then he reaches out takes Steve's balls in his palm, as if weighing them. The metal is cold, and Steve shivers in response. Tony squeezes, first gently, then sharper, more decisively. He plays with them for a moment, tugs, keeping it on the verge of discomfort. He lets his other hand hover over Steve's cock for a second, and Steve's cock jumps to meet the metal. Tony hums for a second, or so Steve thinks, although it could be just the whir of the servos.
Tony: Yeah, we got a deal, then. Also, you sound a bit better.
And this was the second time Steve pulled this 'you wouldn't believe me' shit. Tony was suddenly, unreasonably pissed off, a little bit at Steve, and a whole lot more at himself because no, he hadn't figured it out. It hadn't even crossed his mind, not even when Steve offered to kick down the fucking explosive door for him. Oh no, he'd managed to concoct a convoluted theory instead, about them both being kidnapped for some nefarious purposes, to be pitted against each other or who knew what.
He squeezes the words out; they cost him a lot. That's why it's even more irritating when Steve cuts in.
to do.
"Yeah," Tony said. As he toyed with the panel, checking, reconnecting, trying, he was doing his best not to look at him. "The elevator got screwy because the gravitational field on the tech deck got screwy." He kept babbling, providing unnecessary explanations so that he would stop his thoughts from reeling. They really had more pressing problems than some vestigial sexual tension. Still, he felt... wanted. The sensation was searing the skin off his back, made his towel feel sorely inadequate.
"Okay on both accounts."
"How can I concentrate, I'm receiving fucking Berger waves in abnormal quantities. Am I emitting too, by the way?"
What does he want? Tony wondered. What's he doing?
Friends with benefits? Friends with
Beer was good, because you could sit at the kitchen table and hold hands and have something to do with your other hand too. Tony's heart was still loud in his ears. It had become a background beat, like a thud of the basses from afar, and, Tony thought, if it stopped now, it would feel weird without it. The burning excitement was clouding his thoughts as they toasted. "To new beginnings," he said, because that was what was in his thoughts right now. But: "To coming home," Steve replied as he clicked his bottle against Tony's, and Tony concurred: "To coming home, then", and that was, perhaps, more fitting.
STARK: [mutters inaudibly to himself]
of all these mixed feelings he was struggling with.
"Tony..." Steve began, and that broke the spell, thankfully.
"Wow, it’s an honor Cap—Captain."
A classic case of having the cake and eating it too, Tony mused. She was a little colder than before, a bit more reserved. An ugly step back towards the Natalie persona. At the same time, she pretended nothing was wrong, nothing had changed. She asked how he was. She unnecessarily informed him everyone on her side was reasonably healthy. She chatted about mission details of Steve's Secret Avengers (tm) she wasn't supposed to disclose to him (but hey, it was Romanoff, there was probably an agenda behind it).
"Yeah, running feels really good when you get used to it, doesn't it?" Cap was now saying. "I just wanted to tell you that, if you felt any pressure from me to keep doing it – don't. You're all right. Don't.. er. Don't overexert yourself."
"What?" Steve managed breathlessly, still tucked against the wall, where he let Tony push him.
"I suppose," Tony said, "but no one died, if that's what you meant. How do I put this? No, wait, I don't need to spare any feelings apart from my own, and those are out of commission at the moment, so. In any case, I got gloriously dumped."
Tony: I'm FINE!
It's not easy, though. Maybe some other things need to be said first, between them. So he places a small kiss somewhere behind Tony's ear, because Tony is standing so close and
A sigh. "Hi, Cap." In the two short words, he could hear arrant weariness that had been absent from Tony's earlier messages and especially from Tony's public appearances. There was something genuine about it now. Too tired to pretend. "How's it going?"
to go check the engine. Evidently no one else was dealing with it or not dealing with it fast enough. Things could deteriorate rapidly.
, he mused,
, he thought,
Tony used to feel the same way. Even if it hadn't been rational. After all, feelings aren't supposed to be. "I don't know," he said, and it was the truth. He had no way of knowing that, and that was probably for the best, "I try not to dwell of what-ifs." This sounded oddly high-handed and preachy to Steve's own ears, for some reason, even though all he wanted to do right then was to sink into a chair and bury his face into his hands and stay like that for a little while. "I..." he tried, but that was another false start.
"There's a ton of raw and semi-cooked ingredients. I'd planned, ah... Actually, I couldn't really decide what to cook for Morgan, so I decided to cook
, and he was so very close, and Tony hadn't properly seen him in a very long time, and now his life was in danger, and all Tony wanted was to hold him as close  as possible. And also wanted Steve to hold
The crash that shook the faux cockpit was well simulated. They were hit by enemy fire. Right in the tail. It seemed to Tony he never welcomed anything so much in his life.
The problem with playing at being a soldier was that Tony felt exactly like that: as if he were playing. Playacting.
larger than out there, in the darkness and in the blizzard.
Steve leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. A real smile hesitated on the verge of existence for a moment, then lit up his face. He seemed to be relaxing by stages. "They could come by chopper, but I didn't see a good landing spot out there. I doubt any of them would be up for parachuting in."
Steve looks at him in utter disbelief. Still, before he has time to retort, something in his face changes. Roughly, he pushes Tony to the ground, throwing himself on top of him. Which,
"Yes, okay, the names. I got the point," Steve was saying with a small grin.
Tony might not have even noticed the fate of the poor armrest, only he heard it creak, and then he saw how white Steve’s knuckles were. Most of this argument, Tony realized, was unspoken, coursing back and forth in the air between them; someone had left the valves of their unexpressed frustration open. It was like a gas leak. Tony felt as if he was lying in darkness, waiting to hear the click of a lighter. And he was suddenly so sorry. Could they really not have a normal conversation about anything? He felt his face fall.
Weirdly enough, she didn't sound all that unfriendly.
The thing is, we can never know what trivial thing we do can create ripples.
Tony: Because, see, I had fucked up dreams long before any of this particular brand of shit hit the fan. You've been dying in mine ever since 2014. I think.
Steve opened his mouth, then seemingly changed his mind about what he was going to say. Just: “Occasionally.”
The fact that he had low-key invited Tony to share a meal made something in Tony stir – something warm and tiny and alive, like a baby bird in its nest. Tony didn't want to let him go; that factored in as well.
Tony: Screw that!
, Tony kept telling himself afterwards. Obviously, this was an absurd notion, since, during those days, they practically didn't have enough time to breathe and eat and sleep.
“Still, we could have gone somewhere else. Somewhere warmer.” Warm. It was warm under the blankets, and the way their body heat mingled and stacked, they could probably boil a potato between them.
"I'm just tired," he whispers, because he doesn't have the strength to speak up. He's in Tony's arms, and Tony's arms are the most beautiful place in all the galaxies, and if that morning someone told him he'd end up in Tony's arms, even for a moment, Steve would have told them they were crazy.
Tony: In retrospect, none of what happened before looks so horrible as it did at the moment, though, does it?
"It's late," I said. I didn't want to impose on her any longer. "I should probably go."
would see it.
As he burst into the landing bay area, the scene he found was better than he'd feared but worse than he had hoped. There was smoke everywhere, thick and worrisome. It crept around his legs, lapping at his knees, but further ahead it resembled a full blown cloud descended into the ship, gray and dense. The bad thing was, it was the smoke of burning engine. The good thing was, the people Steve could see were all wearing either the protective suits like his own, or at least breath masks, and they were fighting the fire. The first person he recognized was Hope Van Dyne, a brilliant but reticent engineer who kept mostly to herself; she'd served on the
? Tony had to ask himself, then, spoiling it, spoiling everything, like he tended to do. He didn't want Steve's pity. Did he cross the line? He'd have been sorry he'd said anything, but it still felt right, to share this with Steve. Steve was making himself the right person to be shared with.
Tony turned. Raised a sharp eyebrow. (Sharp like a scalpel, cold like glass.)
of everything on Earth. At least if the 'you' in question is Tony Stark. You know what, I think I'm going to call this 'the Stark effect', in your honor."
Tony, living and breathing beside me, snapping at me, joking and casually flirting with me more and more as we lived on and talked and hung out with an unprecedented ease. We cuddled a lot, towards the end of that period. We used to regularly fall asleep on the couch and wake up hours later, bleary and achy, wrapped around each other more often then not. He seemed perfectly happy and comfortable with that state of affairs, so I was not going to pressure him into going any further, obviously. But I was going insane with desire. It had almost disappeared for a while, brought low with my processing of grief, but then it came back, and with a vengeance. Just his hand on my arm or a comfy bump of knee against knee made me light up. His constant physical closeness made me burn for him. Having him there and not being able to touch him the way I wanted to, to run my hands all over him, feel the geography of every muscle under my fingertips, not being able to make him truly mine and kiss him into oblivion – it drove me crazy. But I just sat there and breathed through it and enjoyed every second of that torture, because how could I not enjoy cuddling with Tony?
happen, but it was just a minor disaster, and could still be contained if he insulated certain parts of his brain. But this needed to be addressed.
"I was kicked out," he said lightly. "A discipline violation, first class. Inconceivable, for someone like me, I know" he added wryly.
Tony: When I mentioned Christine like that, it wasn't just a joke. I mean
Tony: Fuck you.
Tony: Christ, Cap. Look, I know it's important that we talk about this too, I know we should have this discussion sooner rather than later.
, and it wasn't Peter he craved right now, no matter how sweet and charming he was. It was
Tony: Stupid, won't do it again.
"It's timefog," Tony snapped. "And yeah. At least I think so."
Tony: I’ll promise if you promise
"Thank you."
To put a stop to the horrible silence, Tony quickly said, "
Steve just smiled, seemingly accepting the game. “So, what’s having fun entail, then?”
be in bed," Tony said at last.
Tony: I'm perfectly capable of standing up for myself.
old, in truth. I felt ancient before I came here. Ancient and useless, and without a place in the world. Here – well, we are in our seventies, and we feel it. Yesterday Tony finished  the new model of the suit with better joint support; you have to start thinking of things like that at some point. But we still got some fight left in us.
Tony: No shit.
The point is that the coin may land so that either heads or tails are showing, any number of times in any number of universes. Random? Perhaps not. I do not know.
"Do I make you nervous?" Tony asked, half jokingly, but not. And making Captain America nervous might have seemed like a ridiculous concept, but this was his Steve, who could cry if he was sorry, who got overwhelmed in crowds, who had as much of a public face as Tony did.
Tony: If you were any stiffer about it, you could double as an ironing board.
Tony swallowed. Steve was wearing down his arguments, but he didn't have to bother. Just looking into his eyes would have been enough. And Tony couldn't look away.
"What? No, I..."
That was what people whispered about him, and what do you know, perhaps they were right.) In any case, he could see it clear as day. Whatever course the events took, whatever the two of them did, Steve was going to stay here, and probably end up with a bullet in his brain.
They'd never really talked about this. "Brilliant. Brash. Distant." Steve couldn't help a tiny, wistful smile that sneaked onto his face. "Always kept you on edge. You never really knew what hit you or where you stood with him."
Tony: I've been thinking about it, actually and
"I don't think you can."
Steve must have read some of it on Tony's face, because: "I
Tony's resentment at him for not being here in reality was so irrational he almost wanted to laugh.
Tony: Huh. Didn't even cross my mind to check that.
Tony: Oh, I have a little of the temperament. Sans the dog-murdering part, obviously. Shit, I forgot about that completely. Thanks for reminding me though, now I can't stop thinking about it. I was 8 when I read it. All those years of unhealthy suppression, gone to waste.
Tony: A lot of people.
It was mostly stress. He knew that, because it was that helpless, stupid kind of laughter that, with him, always had tears lurking somewhere close in the background. One could turn into another at a drop of a hat. Like opening a dam. He was not going to cry in front of Steve. He
"First of all, take the jacket back, you'll freeze your ass off. I'm warm now," Tony said and despite Steve's protestations pulled the jacket off over his head, clumsily, because of the damn zipper. "Second of all, don't worry. I'm absolutely awesome at renting a separate room and figuring things from there. You're too sweet to be a rebound for an old fucker like myself. But we could hang out if you want."
Doubt was only natural. Wild flights of imagination too. Because, as he stood there, bent forward, pressed against Steve's back and unwilling to let go, Tony wondered if maybe he was wrong, if maybe Steve actually cared, if maybe this wasn't a crazy fluke of frustration and desire. He actually – no, stop – but he couldn't
"Me too," I said, touching his elbow for a moment. I allowed myself that small liberty, and he didn't really seem to mind. "Why are you sorry, though?"
"If you say fine, I'm quitting."
Tony had followed the motion of Steve's hand with a minuscully arched eyebrow. "You want a hint? Okay, here's your hint. Resentment is corrosive and I hate it." Again, this resembled a challenge, the way Tony said it, but then, as if trying to defuse it, he shifted on his feet and bumped Steve's upper arm with his own. "Also, these serious moments would work way better if you weren't wrapped in a blanket. And now, do you want the damn dinner or not?"
Tony: Rogers, you're such a troll. Did you know that? And here I was hoping, for a sec.
See? No one saying hurtful things. No one having hysterical fits. Almost a start of a normal conversation right there.
Only, that's not really true, is it? It's not true that Steve doesn't care, either, and Tony doesn't know how to feel about these new revelations. (The old him would have gloated a bit, but that would have been just another lie he told himself, anyway. And now it's high time to eradicate all the lies; like lice.)
“And then you got it under control.” Steve echoed; he reached out, almost as if to cover Tony’s hand with his own, then thought better of it. Folded his hands on his lap. Gave the offending extremities a stern look. Let out the air in a huge puff. “I’m so
Tony: Do I just turn my plane back now? What do you say? I mean, seriously, what’s stopping me?
knowing, but he did want the answer.
When he got back, Steve seemed to have something on his mind. "I know you don't want to talk about the divorce – I don't mean to, but I have to ask you something."
Yeah, on second thought this probably wasn't the best way to break that particular piece of news.
, thinking back – he had made jokes, initiated touches. Even when Tony had decided to not pursue it any longer, it was
Tony: At all.
And so it went on. Standing so close to each other. Still, not moving forward, not an inch, neither of them. Tony would have thought being near Steve would be enough – ah, the little lies he told himself at night – but now it wasn't,
About Steve as much as anyone else, probably.
He shook his head. "You're just... You know what, let's get back to that later.  But we'll definitely talk about it. What I'm saying is, I choose to consider you
to dislike him, Steve thought.
Tony: Yeah, buddy, but I'm here and you're all the way over there.
Tony: Don't go.
Tony: Maybe I was simply unable to digest the fucking facts so I did everything else instead. I tend to be adult like that, you see.
Still, before I could muse on that further (morosely, in the privacy of my head), he was getting in my face, taking off his glasses, peering into my eyes. I fully expected some kind of retort, but he had the gentlest look on his face I'd ever seen.
"Left," Steve whispers, because he doesn't trust his voice right now.
"Even though..." Steve went on, and then trailed off. There was the silence again, and Tony started to speak, to get this over with, when Steve went on, "Natasha is going to be at the Compound, and Carol promised she'd come by, and also Rocket, so, eh, Natasha though I should come as well. Do you, eh, do you want to come, did you want to...?"
Tony: Hiding.
Tony: But me too.
"I..." I faltered, then gathered my courage. It was time for honesty.  Essentially, I'd been doing this for years, with the support group I lead, or at least I'd been teaching others to do it. Just tell it how it is. "I loved my Tony." I paused, not quite looking at him. There, it was said. No trumpets, no drumbeat. Suddenly it was easier than I'd thought it would be. As if I've already crossed some kind of line, and from that point onwards it was just your everyday battles. I made myself raise my eyes and added, "I was in love with him", to avoid any kind of confusion. At that, he met my eyes sharply, but I just held his gaze. Steady. "He never knew, of course. I know that's not how it was between you and your Steve, but, eh, it is what it is. I just want you to know that I'm perfectly aware you're not him. I'm not here to... to use you as a substitute."
"Eh," Tony said, trying to hunt down his words and put them in proper order. "Burgundy, yeah. So. Hi, Steve. You all right?"
Tony: the few people I've been in more or less serious relationships with, over the course of my life, HAD been my friends beforehand, so I probably do have a history of being fucking unable to distinguish between the two.
"Exactly."
I blink at his tone.
Tony's exact words had been:
Tony: With all the eye-rolling, I'm going to give myself a headache all over again.
"Yeah."
Individual flying classes were by far the easiest battleground. The flight generator was old, and the controls were stiffer than what Tony was used to in the top of the line planetside flyers he liked back home. The space was bigger than a cockpit too, so that the instructor had enough room to move around a bit, to correct this move or that turn. And, apart from the bluish, flickering lights of the faux control panel, it was dark inside.
Tony: Oh Christ. Forget I said that.
Tony had tried to imagine this meeting a million times. He had thought that, after all the messages and confessions, it would go easier. They would fall into each other’s arms, unable to control their passion and... It was pretty decent jerking off material, really, of late. But now it was as if a transparent plastic wall was between them, like something was stopping them from getting close, from touching. Steve felt further away than when there was an ocean between them.
He's barely aware he's torn the silk ribbon apart and fallen to the floor on all fours.
"Nothing at all, buddy," Tony said cheerfully. "Nothing at all."
And then, after he already agreed, the info was slyly slipped in: he'll be working with Steve Rogers. How hilarious.
"Oh, by the way I was
"I overheard you guys;
His thoughts seemed more and more disjointed. He had to say something. You should say something in situations like this one. Steve's presence made his river of words dry out. Even his usual babbling would have been better than falling into these silences again, fumbling for something to say to each other, oh please, not
Steve crouched down on his skis for a moment, then sat down sideways, plonked on his ass and gave Tony a Look, a one that deserved a capital letter; stubborn and unrelenting. “No.” The word was as unmovable as the mountain they stood on.
"That's fine," Tony said quickly, increasingly reluctant to jeopardize this peace they'd finally found, this companionable snugness they were now sharing. "We could try planning for what to do next. Or, even better, you should try to go to sleep, or else we won't be able to do anything." And Tony could just lie there, next to him, and be aware of every moment that passed, and that would be quite all right with him, thanks.
want me to put a stop to it?" he said, a little incredulously.
He opened his mouth to say something, although he had no idea what it would be. Tony, however, decided to break the silence first, probably because it was suddenly over-saturated with something like mutual understanding. It was a little uncomfortable.
They grab the key card and escape towards the stairs.
Banner's hand on his forearm kept him from saying something even more stupid. The reply that died on Tony's lips was: What's a pretty guy like you doing at a place like this,
," he starts again, sounding more like himself this time, more assertive, sharper. "What I meant is, I never got to forgive him. While he was alive. We never made up. We worked together in the end, obviously. I even made him a new shield because he needed it. But..." But he never gave him back this one, and they were never friends again.
Tony: Does it always have to be like that? With us? Always locking horns, no matter how much we try?
"I died, didn't I?" he asked then. "In your time." He must have read the truth in my eyes, because he nodded to himself. "How?"
"You just keep going on about that." He rolled his eyes.
The coin dropped.
Tony: That I owe him a new suit for all this.
Tony: Or helicarrier. Does helicarrier sound better?
"They
mentioned anything of the sort.
Tony: Like, at all.
"That," replied Rogers dryly, "has been noted."
Steve shook his head. "I don't know," he said. "
Of course they had had to experiment. There was no one around to restrain them. Richards had tentatively used the gate before, with a lot of calculation, to peer into a multitude of different worlds, but still hadn't developed a method of manipulating it reliably. He had also postulated something that he called the 'affinity principle'. Basically, if you connected yourself to the device, it let you find the worlds that were significant for you in some way, that attracted you, that were somehow akin to something in your mind. Basically, you subconsciously found the worlds you wanted or needed to see. It had sounded like bullshit to Tony, but hey, he now apparently had to get used to living in a world where timefog was a thing and you cold emit and receive Berger waves with your brain. Yay.
was fit to decide someone else's fate in a spur of a moment, to take that responsibility upon himself and neatly transfer a part of it to his superiors. Neatly, like a line in a manual. As if life worked like that.
When they were about to part ways – Natasha wanted to get to the community showers before the evening crowd, and Steve was going to wash up in his own quarters – Natasha put a hand on his shoulder.
"The game of perseverance," she said dramatically. "The battle of wills. Who will hold out and who will fold? He's very determined to win."
What she said instead was: "Were you tempted? To try and use the stones?"
Tony: Skipping ahead through all the shit I want to say but I'm not going to, why in the name of hell would you think that and WHEN exactly would I have managed to?
Just as he was getting to the hole, the head surfaced again, gasping, gasping for air. Tony put his feelings on a back burner. He slowed down abruptly, hovering above. Steve looked up at him, blinked in incomprehension. His hair was wet, his face very red.
"You think?" Steve let his eyes fall to the ground thoughtfully. "Maybe," he admitted.
wasn't in the briefing Fury gave Tony. But thankfully, they got separate beds.
Steve doesn't think he is either, and he feels apprehension tug at his gut, and he wonders if he should just put a stop to this, just go and jerk off in the bathroom and forget the whole thing, because this is too crazy, it's too...
"Ser knight?" Steve called out, guardedly, when he was a few steps away.
worrying about that? Another sweeping look around, this time more assessing than appreciative. "Can I help somehow?" Because it was Steve, ever helpful; and yes, obviously, you couldn't have top level corporate people in a place like this, that was painfully clear. Luckily:
It sounded breezy, with an undercurrent of steel; it felt like an open wound. And now he can't even be bothered to say
His words died. Still, Tony knew what he wasn't saying.
This time it was longer and less hurried and no one was actively trying to kill them right then. Steve pressed his lips against Tony's, first too hesitantly, and then perhaps too hard, when a flood of feelings he'd been keeping in check for so long swelled in him and washed over him, leaving him shivery. And then Tony was kissing him, and Steve parted his lips, and hoped this would never end.
But gradually it became easier, and then we stopped thinking about it entirely. Still, as I said, it took time.
He's only half aware that he's pleading. "...please, Tony, my cock, I'm almost...there, hit me there, give me, I need to feel something, please, please..."
, he wanted to say, to lie.
Tony didn't. He didn't leave him alone despite the fact that Steve probably appeared to be in a deep conversation with Sharon, standing close to her. Steve had
Tony: I don't know.
Tony hesitated, trying to untangle warring impulses inside himself; gave up. "That was very... chaste."
Steve didn't see the harm, but he did think it was a pretty rare occurrence that the two adults in question actually were on the same page and actually knew what they were doing. He didn't say that.
"Yeah, that I did," Tony admitted. "You ever read Count of Monte Cristo when you were a kid?"
"What do you mean?" Steve asks. He's staring forward again, but at least he's talking to Tony. He isn't showing any intention of getting up, and as much as Tony would like to get over the railing and sit next to him, he feels like he would be intruding.
"No, but I'm fine," he said quickly – too quickly, apparently, if one could judge by the narrowing of the medic's eyes. "I wasn't even here. I wasn't
"I can take a lot, I know that much," he says in a very low voice. "Go slowly at first, I guess. But I'm interested in everything."
"No," Steve said, "I just..." And
Well, of course it would take a hostile alien ship landing in Greenwich Village for Tony to call. How that smarts. But, oh, how good it feels that Tony calls Steve, of all people, and how right everything is when the gauntlet clasps his hand and pulls Steve up from the rooftop, into the air, ever higher. It's as if no time has passed at all.
He shrugged; said nothing. They stared at each other for a moment; a minute. When it became awkward, they both fell into step, automatically, just to save the situation.
"You're not crazy," Steve said quietly, levelly. "But I can't, Tony. Please understand."
"Well, then," Tony says lightly, "I suppose we get ready to die here, eh?" Because, as much as he might want Steve, he doesn't want a reluctant Steve, he doesn't want a coerced Steve. He'll think of another way out. There must be something.
"Oh please," she says. "If you actually considered us family, you would avoid us like plague all year, but then you would show up around the holidays to get wasted and pick a fight with everyone."
That was what Bruce, the newly appointed court wizard, had called them once, while they were preparing for their first battle together. And, while Natasha had to admit it had a grain of truth to it – they were indeed an unlikely group – it had been years ago. Things were different now.
In this kind of weather, however, his first thought was that someone might need help. He activated the suit. As the nanites enveloped his body, he was outside on the porch already, at a run, and he took to the air, towards the place where the alarm was tripped. It was probably a deer, but it didn't hurt to check. He had a strange, disconcerting feeling about this, the heart fluttering in his chest telling him something was very wrong.
should happen. I'm not going to make allowances for
Steve was getting to his feet slowly.
as far as possible, swallowing the distance like never before.
A faint brush of hand against his shoulder, there and then not. As if Steve –
Steve just inclined his head and regarded him curiously for a moment. "We'll see about that, won't we," he said in the end. Tony could have kissed him at that moment, for the lack of empty platitudes and stupid words of encouragement. Or, he reflected, he could just kiss him for no reason at all. "But today was fine," Steve went on. "You kept a cool head. Did what needed doing. That was enough."
. He ground his hips against Steve, just a little, just once, to find relief from the burning for a second.
It was very definitely vacant. Still, a sound drew his attention, and he spotted a balcony door, left ajar. And through it, a smiling Tony, quite unaware of Steve, moving to the inaudible beat, dancing quite close to – Steve's breath stopped, hurt – the Star-Lord. Peter Quill, who had the easy charm and six quips a the ready at all times, who bantered with Tony over the comms in battles, the way Steve used to before everything started going to shit; Quill, who managed to maintain an easy friendship with Tony without the bad beginnings and misunderstandings and the struggle that were the mark of Steve and Tony's relationship even while everything was
Tony: But I reread the convo again.
“God, Tony”, he croaked before another desperate set of motions, in and out, in and out; they were getting jerkier, more arrhythmic by the second. Tony tried to think of an inappropriate religious joke, but halfway there his thoughts got obliterated, and all he could do was hold on, and take it, balancing on the verge of the flood again, but this time he wanted to be
This wasn't Natasha telling him the rules didn't matter. This was not Natasha telling him he
she'd said.
Tony couldn't help but snort. "You said it, buddy. But, to be honest, I don't think I'm much better at it."
Tony: To be fair, I tried.
Because I'm his superior. Because, if he advances in rank, people will think I'm the reason why. If he fails, it will be me that's holding him back. You know how the rumors are. You
"Yes, you should."
"No idea," Tony said impatiently. "How do you think I can tell time in here? An in-built clock?"
Tony: and lithographs and linocuts and things.
He realized he was sort of glaring at Steve, who was looking at the items on the table, and then back at the sweets still left in the kitchen. Back and forth. Deliberately, Tony looked away. This was weird. One moment he wanted to pick up Steve, wrap him in blankets and ply him with hot soup until every trace of what happened to him faded, and the next moment he was about to pick a fight with him over something Steve
Natasha raised a hand, as if to pat him on the arm, then let it fall. "Is this what we are doing now?" she asked softly. "You complaining that you don't know how to teach and me trying to be reassuring? Really?"
And then Steve seemed to find the words that fit his expression. “So, what’s an orange square mean, in Europe?”
, he thought, weak, incapable to move. He listened to Steve's heavy breathing, and felt the warmth of his back against his stomach and his chest and his cheek, so intimately pressed to that comfy spot between Steve's shoulder blades.
"That actually looks home knit," he said. "Golly gee. Is that a reindeer?"
Humming softly, Tony picks up a dressage whip with a handle wrapped in silk ribbon, cuts the wide ribbon near the base and starts unwrapping it from the handle. He leaves the whip where it was, but he stuffs the ribbon into his pocket.
He swallowed. He kept it in check. Before he quite knew what he was doing, he zeroed in on Thor. You could talk to Thor without too much preamble, thankfully.
"Hey, my Mallory is cavorting through outer space together with the rest of my lost baggage. I have to remember to file a complained with the cruiser company, by the way. Anyway, so it's
I sat down too. I couldn't look away from his face, and he seemed to be feeling the same, so we just sat there for a little while, staring at each other.
The thing was, I didn't want to change any part of his life, even if I could. What would I do, go back to 2014 or 2015, back when he wasn't with Pepper at the moment, and convince him to take a chance on me? Create a separate timeline, so that I could take away his potential wife and daughter from him – from
"Yes, it's homey. It's just not... It doesn't look like you."
The only reaction Tony was going to deign him with was an eyeroll.
No, I wanted to say, that was this
I'm sorry it has to be like this.
, he thought at himself.
Tony just... couldn't do this. Couldn't talk, couldn't feel bad. He couldn't... anything. The breakup with Pepper was still fresh and a little raw. The relationship had felt short, like a blink of an eye. It ended before they had much of a chance to share anything for real. After he got pitifully drunk and subsequently pitifully sober, he realized he was mostly grieving the fact he wasn't really grieving, or he was grieving far less than he thought he would be. He realized he felt sort of liberated, and then he felt so guilty about that he had to get drunk again.
Tony tended to agree with Bruce on this. It was a show of support for the cadets. Because, if he thought it was something else, then he'd have to think it was aimed at him personally. (It
“Tony..” Steve began with a sigh, then seemingly changed his mind. “Yeah. I’ll... I’ll leave after breakfast.”
"From the start?"
Tony: Because what I want is to know whether I should be hacking into traffic cameras and running face recognition sw, running rescue or... (sorry, the puns aren't working for me today, but you get the gist). I want to be able to help if shit really hits the fan.
"I just," Tony said. Because he didn't know how to say that he'd got worried. That asking and poking seemed
When he'd finally sent the young woman home to her grandmother, Steve turned to Tony, and to their table, and to their ice-cream, now melted. It became apparent to Steve in a flash: something was changed. Tony's stance was more guarded now. His expression smiley but glassy. Closed up, all of a sudden. He seemed to be rapidly retreating behind his barricades.
"Do you guys want to play cards in the kitchen?" someone called out. Tony squeezed Steve's hand and, drunken with possibilities, Steve squeezed back.
"I will not be separated from my boyfriend!" Tony insists loudly. (Steve flinches.) "This is preposterous. We reserved tickets months in advance. I insist you find a way to seat us together!"
"Tony, you don't even want this," I said. "Obviously. And that's
Steve just
Tony: This? After last night? Really?
"Hi, Tony," he says, and maybe his voice is a little dry.
"What Morgan wants for Christmas is to meet Santa Cap. The
A guy in a green skiing suit was just leaving some of his gear against the timber wall of the tiny establishment. Tony arched an eyebrow. “You want to bang the old dude?”
Tony gave something like an apologetic shrug, if Steve could read him at all. "Don't mind me. I get weird in the evenings. Look," he nodded towards the pot, heavy-handedly changing the subject, practically wrestling it back to what they were talking about before,
He did now, Tony noticed as he entered. There weren't any readily detectable signs of weariness, like you'd notice on someone else – black circles round the eyes or a general sag about the shoulders. No – Cap was always straight as an arrow and fresh as a rose; unbearably so. It could drive you crazy. Still – if you looked closely enough, there was now something in his eyes, around his eyes, that spoke of weariness, and Tony saw it there, and didn't like it one bit; then he reminded himself of his resolutions from the previous night, and also that he probably shouldn't be standing in the doorway, staring at his Captain like an idiot.
Tony: Nope.
by a hitchhiker." Tony paused, peering through the car window into the pitch black darkness off the side of the country road. "Unless it's an axe murderer. This
"Hm?" Steve frowns at him, exasperated in advance, but after today, it's really Tony's fault.
Tony: Glad you liked it.
The parting kiss had landed so near a corner of Steve’s lips that the spot could be called ’cheek’ only out of courtesy. Tony had flown him to the rendezvous point, where Steve was supposed to meet the chopper. Steve had stepped on Iron Man’s boots, put his arms around Tony’s waist – where they’d been resting for the better part of the night – and the force of the repulsors had taken them to the destination. It happened too fast, it was over too soon.
"So now you, what, work undercover?
if Steve would see the glow or not. It seemed vital to know right now.
Impatiently, Tony slipped a hand down Steve's boxers, and grabbed hold of him. Steve produced something between a gasp and a whimper; a part of Tony that wasn't completely drowned in sensations though, half coherently:
That's what he's supposed to do. He focuses his will, his mind and heart. And instead, he thinks the only thought he has left, the only thought that's still possible for him:
Hammer opened his mouth to reply, then seemingly spotted something behind Tony and smiled in triumph. Curiosity got better of Tony; he had to glance back. At the door, captain Rogers was giving him a disapproving eye. Well, that was nothing new. The man was gorgeous, but, judging by his usual expression, probably permanently constipated.
for two years with Steve and he couldn't say he knew her at all. He was very happy to see her, though.
It's raining like crazy. The skies are low and gray, fittingly enough, and the whole world feels claustrophobic because of it.
Tony: Listen, Steve.
Tony: Nice. Yeah. That's a big turn-on right there.
know that, Tony. How could I have known that? Today, I thought maybe... But I didn't
On the way, Tony has gone over a million scenarios. What is he going to say to Steve? What could he, what should he say? He's an eloquent guy. He should be able to put his thoughts into words.
"You know what, I am," Steve said wryly, not even trying to sound convincing. "I really, really am."
She looked at me sharply. "How
Bucky had retorted, and nothing much could be said to that.
The pressure eases now, the massage slows, and
"Ah," Steve said. "That's what I thought, somehow." He didn't know why he found it so amusing.
Tony: Could we talk about anything else, though? I need to wind down.
"I dress up in it every night," Tony said lightly. "That was the reason Pepper divorced me, actually."
still grieve. It's..." I did agree, and I was about to say something in that vein, but he looked at me sharply. "
"He's charismatic," Natasha said noncommittally.
now – that had to be the stim talking. He wondered vaguely if Steve would insist on soup again, and a tiny part of him sort of hoped he would.
Tony: Yeah, we're stunted that way.
line of thinking was dangerous.
"Won't you come to my tent?" he asked almost mildly. "For a little while at least? Have a rest, eat something?"
Steve aimed for earnestness and wished he could be fearless. "I need to talk to you about what happened in..." He stopped, forced himself to say the words, because there was no point in avoiding them now. "About the kiss."
, Tony." God, he sounded as if they'd known each other in ages, and in a way that was true. At least Tony knew him. Even though he was nothing like Howard's stories or history book descriptions, so technically he didn't know him at all.
Exasperated sigh. “Pick an alternative route, Tony. A non-suicidal one.”
Tony: Yeah.
Tony: So that it doesn't get weird.
Tony: Falling in love, eh?
Tony: In any case, Ross also left what amounts to a will, I suppose. Having in mind a hulk isn't exactly the same person as his human counterpart, technically Ross is as good as dead, or disappeared, unless he shifts back at some point. In any case, he left himself – the hulk, actually – in any case, he left himself to the U. S. government, to use as they see fit. As a member of the so called Supersoldier Initiative 2k16. If such a thing can ever be legal. I doubt there is a precedent for this.
Well, that was how Tony fucked up.
"Because," she says patiently, "you just got out of a painful divorce, and you are bound to be in an emotionally wobbly place, and, it's not
kiss him again. And Steve seemed to come back to his senses for a moment. He used the chance to pull Tony's boxers down, and grab a very determined handful of him and return the favor, turning the tables. Tony's eyes flew closed and his knees went week, and Steve's hand on his cock felt like searing heaven.
Tony: all of us
"Do you feel this at all?" Tony asked quietly. And, he lay one hand against Steve's chest, and the other on his waist; and never looking away from Steve's eyes, Tony pushed all the warmth and kindness and joy and, yes, well, he had to say it at some point at least in the privacy of his head, love – he pushed it all towards Steve, he opened himself as much as he could and he
Steve pulled him back in for a second, and Tony let him. Just as the song was ending, Steve whispered: "Wait for me to come home."
," Tony said quietly at his elbow, as if reading his mind. It figured. He and Tony had this weird, instinctive understanding when they weren't trying to gauge each other's eyes out. "Everything before this big threat, we handled it, one way or another," Tony added.
"What was Howard like, as a dad?"
"There's a lot of storage space?" Tony shrugged. "Sleeping bags, things. How should I know?"
Tony: So I'll make you a deal.
Tony: And I'm glad you enjoyed your apple jacks. It's... good that in your head they connect to good memories. Even if it hurts a bit. Because I've been there before, and the worst thing you can do is close off all the emotions completely, even the good ones, because everything is painful. It takes a longest time to come back from that place. So.
He realized he had stopped about halfway across the room; Steve was still standing at the door. His eyes looked very big and his Adam's apple was bobbing up and down. The gala seemed in the distant past. This was a first time again, a first meeting, with all the gut-clenching nervousness it entailed. And why was it always like this with the two of them, Tony wondered as he considered whether his wobbly legs could handle another step forward. He was staring at Steve. He couldn't
They were sitting outside a tiny, secluded inn, in the glaring sunlight.
I could cut my tethers and stay there, stretching on forever. But thinking about that was just a moment's indulgence.
"Be safe, Steve." His voice was so gentle that he surprised even himself and it was so soft he wasn't sure Steve heard him at all.
“Steve, don’t,” he said firmly, with as much reassurance as he could.
But this wasn't the moment for any of it. This wasn't the moment for Tony's baggage.
For a moment, I allowed myself to get lost in fantasies of
learn to like him, infuriating though he was – and it just didn’t seem right. It’d never been about Steve’s looks.
Tony: Compromise.
much bigger than the one at the
Then he realizes he's on a space ship – a different one this time. The memories surge back like a rock slide.
He was pretty sure he heard Steve gulp. "Yeah," the man whispered, barely audible on the other side. "Yeah, okay."
Tony: I'm not mad. I can't say I agree with lot of his sentiments there towards the end, but hey, you knew that already.
"I'm sorry to lose a competent engineer, Stark," Jacobson said. "But I know pilots are what we need right now. If you ever change your mind, there will always be a place for you in the tech."
Tony: So what'd you dream?
"Ohhh, saucy," Tony commented.
He passes it along to Steve.
"You used to be some kind of psychologist, right?" Bucky asked Sam somewhat later, when they found him by the huge ornate windows that made Steve's head hurt a little.
"Oh, look, the old man's taking the baby cadet under his wing," Barton commented. "How touching."
What are you going to tell him, he asked himself, because he knew he wasn't going to tell the truth, knew he wasn't going to disclose his emotions; how could he? It was unimaginable. But there was one thing he very much wanted to say, to ask, about everything that happened between them: What do you want from me? What
Tony: You know I'm not going to interfere otherwise.
"Here," he says. "Basically, it's yours. Been yours all along, really."
Tony: did you think about how you were going to miss HOME while you were hitting me in the fucking FACE with your shield
he heard in his head.
Tony new what he meant, of course. But sometimes it was easier just to gloss over things, hope they go away on their own. “Meh,” he said. “Too boy-next-door. Ish. You need something with more character.”
Tony looked at him as if he’d suddenly gone crazy. “A test?” he said. “
Wrong. That was how this felt, for some reason. Not the touch itself,
These were hurried, practical touches, however. Like... checking him for injuries or something? Still, it didn't make much sense.
"I think," Natasha said, "that's exactly the point here."
test him. If he flunks, screw 'im. If he tests well, consider him." Fury made an abortive gesture towards the whiskey bottle on the stand to his right, then changed his mind. Booze was in as short a supply nowadays as patience was. "At eighteen he was a hellion, and definitely unfit for the army. He was wild. Judging by the stories I heard, he's probably still trouble. I don't know him well and I can't say I exactly like him. But even back then, one thing about him stood out, and I'd bet my right eye he's still got it: one hell of a piloting talent." Fury's voice had gone almost mild.
As a general rule, on a spaceship there wasn't any privacy. The dormitories were large, the showers communal, and everyone ran around at least half-naked at least half the time. The quarters were tight and you didn't have many options; sooner or later, everyone you knew was going to see your junk. You had to accept that. And yet, Steve, as a higher officer, had his own berth, his own shower.
Then he glanced around. Probably figured it wasn't okay to waste the woman's time. Sighed. He then put a hand up to the zipper of his protection suit. Hesitated. He very decidedly wasn't looking at Tony.
"I was 'Sheriff'. You were 'Stark'. It was the last barrier we kept. I'm just sorry we didn't get rid of it earlier. I wish..." He shut up. He shut up before he said something stupid, like ask Tony not to go.
Tony: It's a bigger story than you guys!
, Tony had said, and surely they were. The townfolks had already dubbed them 'people from the sky'.
"Well, I haven't seen that movie yet, so why not" Steve said, still serious, and then he smiled a little into Tony's eyes. And Tony went very still. Because jokes were all very well, but all of a sudden this seemed like real flirting. He was aware of the exact distance from Steve's hand to his own on the tabletop; it wasn't a great distance. Tony felt the other man's presence acutely, as if he were radiating red heat.
We both wanted to hear the other's story; we compared them obsessively. It was still important to me to find out where and when our universes diverged, and Tony jumped on board enthusiastically enough. In retrospect, I think I was dealing with everything by trying to rationally gauge how much of my Tony was in this new Tony, as I've mentioned already. How much their lives differed, how much
It shot through Tony like a thrill, like a lightning, and he felt it in his chest, and he felt it in his groin, warm and tight. The words that could set him on fire in two easy seconds. Pity that wasn't ever happening, eh?
After a short consideration, Steve apparently decided not to comment on this last statement. Instead he said: “Yeah, but the stim.”
"But it's okay to throw knives?!"
The last stop before the point of no return, Tony mused. It would almost be easier to fall into the old patterns, to embrace the enormous pain of a never satisfied longing, and get on with his life. That sort of pain was at least familiar, whereas this new, raw thing was overwhelming, it was too much, and Tony didn’t know if he could stand it.
And now Steve is staring at Tony's smooth face weirdly, and Tony has an irresistible urge to say something caustic.
He  strokes the pommel down Steve's left cheek with a bit more pressure, then prods at his lips. "Open," he orders, and Steve feels the electric word shoot straight to him. He obeys and Tony gently pushes the pommel into his mouth, lets it rest on Steve's tongue for a moment. "What are you waiting for?", Tony says. "Suck."
"I got that," Tony replied, but it sounded too curt and dry even for him, so he tried again. "Me too, buddy. Look, I do know. You've been punishing yourself enough. You need to stop."
Decidedly ignoring the beautifully sculpted and in every way perfect upper arm, Tony grabbed a random snack and started chewing. "A strawberry Santa?" he offered.
,” murmured Tony in between the kisses. His name on Tony’s lips, still so new and almost painfully good. He pulled back for a moment, but Tony moaned softly in protest, reaching after his lips for one more touch. Then, a little shakily, almost conversationally: “Steve, tell me what we’re doing.”
after the last refurbishment. He was looking at the somewhat familiar features in the file he had just been handed.
Tony: You were way closer with them than with me, by that point.
They had strapped Tony into the equipment. He had relaxed, as instructed. He had let his mind wander. He was assaulted with a flood of images in the gate, sometimes flickering rapidly by, sometimes lingering to torture him. Most were familiar, from his and Steve's dreams. There was the pub in Berlin and the weird severed head, and there was Peter, taking the bullet for Steve, and there was Steve, dying on the courthouse steps. He did also see a glimpse of the high-school dream universe, and that had given him a glimmer of hope; there was at least one place where they were moderately happy, eh? But perhaps the worst of all was another iteration of his old vision, the one in which the Earth had burned, and everyone lies dead, and Tony reaches for Steve's pulse, and Steve tells him how he failed to save him, and dies.
Besides, there was something reassuring in hearing Tony's voice, knowing he was all right.
Steve doesn't seem any closer to believing him either. "But last night you..."
It had begun with a letter; there were two or three texts after that, soon to be replaced with voicemails. Steve wouldn't have chosen voicemails per se, but since Tony never picked up when he called, it was better than nothing. He always found a recorded message from Tony in his inbox afterwards, although he had no idea how it had got there. He was completely sure the phone never even rang. Tony would calmly apologize for being unable to talk at the moment. Sometimes gave a perfunctory reason, mostly not even that. But he never called Steve for real, not to talk. A pattern was emergent as much as getting beaten over the head with a hammer could be called emergent.
The mop-wielding, broom-brandishing men and women were invading the space around them now. Tony promised himself to send a dozen cleaning bots to the chief of palace staff, as a thank-you-sorry-amalgam.
"You know," Tony said, "they'll have to bring us food eventually. Unless they want us to eat each other alive" As far as he knew, that could as well happen. The motivation of their captors, for now, was completely obscure.
"Oh? When?"
, and it's so delicious, the pressure, the fact that finally there's something strong enough to actually hold Steve down.
Tony: He. And that depends of your given meaning of 'work', but mostly no. Worked wonderfully as a paper weight before I took him apart again.
, no matter how scary it might seem. Conversation, take 2. Steer clear of a) weather, b) politics, c)
He threw himself into a chair. "Is there coffee? Tell me there's coffee."
, he thought.
Tony: We were not fighting at the moment, we were kidding around.
Tony: WEIRD.
He must have read something in Tony’s face, though, because he stopped instantly. Gave Tony an almost scared look. A questioning grunt. He leaned on his elbow and tried to bend down, despite the awkward angle, caressing, stroking gently, crooning at him. But in what seemed to Tony no longer than an instant, the pain abated, leaving just a searing, desperate need inside, to feel Steve deeper, harder,
to him more. It surely would have made a difference.
"Wanna make a pact?"
Tony: I'm serious. I can handle shit like this. Don't worry.
They found the lab on the 2
A deep thrumming suddenly resounded through the ceiling. The basses were back in the symphony. Tony looked up sharply, as if he could see through the insulation into the deck above (
Tony: RELAX AND ENJOY YOUR FUCKING DATE, ROGERS!
Almost 24 hours went by. And then the telephone actually
Tony: Who else is talking, then? Wanda and Vision?
Tony: I guess.
Tony isn't going to try to push it in, but for a moment he lets himself fantasize about it. It wouldn't feel good, in reality, but the image is hot as hell.
, is it?"
His eyes had gone big, and turned inwards somehow. I wasn't under impression he was talking to me, exactly, at that moment. "
And that was... also interesting.
"In no way is it the same thing," Steve said.
Volstagg's," someone threw in dryly. It was the guy Tony knew as Falcon. "Volstagg's not dead. He's over in the medbay."
“Well,” Tony considered. “I’m back at being able to form a sentence, apparently; but I’m still Cousin Boneless.”
Tony: Are you really going to be giving me shit about that now?
The slope was mild and the going slow, but the speed wasn’t the point. The smile spreading over Steve’s face took its sweet time too, but that didn’t make it any less worth the effort. Tony let himself revel in it, bask in it.
“Aw, have some faith, for fuck sake,” Tony snapped, and reluctantly, Steve reached up.
Tony groaned. “I just think we should try to move forward,” he said, too curtly.
But somehow, somehow, Steve didn't think Tony'd really do it, not like this. Playing chicken again, eh? Well, he was certainly not the one to bow out, from anything, ever. But it's not just that, he knows. And he lets his eyes run up and down the armor, more silvery then it used to be, up and down it's crossed arms, the hands tightly clenched into fists. (Steve can't decide if the stance is defensive or defiant.) Those armored fingers are also silvery, and Steve, feels himself twitch in response, feels a shiver of interest saunter hotly down his spine.
The slant of Steve's shoulders, when Tony finds him, spells quiet despondency. His limp hair is plastered to his head. The rain is streaking into his neckline. It's almost over the top, the way the weather fits his apparent mood. (Hey nature, your penchant for drama impresses no one.) His tee is soaked through. It's pure white, and not what Steve had on last night. Tony thinks it must be his own t-shirt Steve found in Tony's bedroom this morning. It's too small for him, obviously, but he's never learned his own size, anyway.
diner in Nowhere Town, Hinterland, on the
He'd forgotten about their surroundings. In his mind, the two of them were an island in the sea of white noise, but now he again became aware of where they were. The sea melted back into a multitude of people, milling about, doubtlessly doing very useful things, even though, for all the world, they looked as if they were aimlessly ambling from spot A to spot Be for no apparent reason.
"What do you think, cuddlecakes?" Tony asks with forced cheer. At that word, Steve's eyebrow twitches in an extremely ironic manner, but no one who doesn't know him would notice, of course. "Can we live with separate beds for two nights?"
, firm and vice-like. Tony's body smashed into Steve's, and that was it, that was the breaking point. Tearing his arm from Steve's grip, Tony put both his hands on Steve's shoulders, and pushed with all he had.
STARK: [apparently swears under his breath]
"Oh, yeah," Steve said. "I read all of Dumas I could get my hands on."
stopped in his throat because it would have been a big lie. He knew perfectly well. He'd known for a long time now.
"Being a soldier. A pilot."
. And the way he bit his lower lip, holy hell. Tony knew he was supposed to say something, step back and try to
And just like that, Tony and Steve were left alone. It was perhaps a ridiculous thing to think, in an overcrowded landing bay turned field hospital, but that was how it seemed to Tony.
Tony: So, they released Christine Everhart from custody.
That Steve's sight was returning even further was... Well, it was something he desperately wanted to tell Tony, right
until the fact pierced his thick skull. I loved him, more than anything. I'd known for ages that I'd come to stay forever, if he wanted me to.
"Are you sure about this?" It sounded strangely final.
, but it still made Tony want to bite his fingers with frustration.
"That..." Tony considered for a moment. "I don't see how right now, but that thought's worth coming back to. We have very few things at our disposal. One toilet bowl with a flush tank. We can't really strip it for parts. I mean, we can, but the materials are mostly shit. The tank itself is metal, but it's garbage. Not heavy enough. There's that washbasin in your cell – which is pretty hilarious, by the way, because  they are apparently keeping us in some kind of a huge, partitioned toilet. In any case, that's crap too."
"Sure thing, boss."
, haven't you? When d'you find the time?"
He put both of his hands on Steve's shoulders and gently tried to push him back down to the couch. Failed, of course "You shouldn't be moving around yet," he said. And, "Hi. It's me, Tony. You fell through the ice while you were crossing my lake – which, by the way, I want to know why, but that's for later. You're safe now. You..."
As if he sensed the shift in Steve's mood, Tony pulled back a bit, and
the name you guys came up with?"
But Steve had been so sensitive about Tony's inquiries, earlier. But still, but still, talking kept the darkness at bay and Steve's voice reverberated warmly in his ears, mellowing out something inside Tony and enveloping him in a feeling of safety he had forgotten was possible, and
Tony: Extortionist.
It seemed that, since he decided not to do this any more, things just got harder instead the other way around.
Steve sighed. "We're in Sokovia. So, we can't break the door down, and ditto for the walls. What else have we got?
Tony frowned. "Did you just go for a run? It's nice to get a bit of fresh air first thing in the morning, eh?" It escaped his mouth before he could put a stop to it. "Sir," he added lamely, for good measure, and immediately wanted to kick himself in the teeth. It was remarks like this one that landed him in trouble. Suddenly, it all felt so unreal he half-expected himself to wake up, back in his old home on Virgon.
Tony: not true
It could be anything.
She blinks at me very slowly and smiles. It's her murder smile. It means
happened, perhaps, even for one night only – it would have been different, because it would have meant something to Steve. He hadn't felt this close to anyone in ages, this understood, this... not alone. It made him come alive, like being thawed for the second time, but this time all the way through.
"Let me reiterate," Natasha said slowly. "On the first day of school you took one of your little students and put him in front of the class and let him lecture the others? Gods, Steve, as if he doesn't stand out as it is. They're going to either start worshiping him or eat him alive."
She must have grown tired of me just standing there, mute. I know I would have.
Tony: Why would I be?
Tony barely waited for him to finish the sentence. "It's going to be
'Are you fucking quoting fucking Lawrence Oates at me?'
, Steve is going to say in that reproachful tone of his.
“Yeah, it was.”
. Probably one of the biggest lies in the history of space travel. He made himself concentrate, made himself brief Hope, analyze the situation and formulate a plan. (He'd always worked well with Hope, Hope was probably the best engineer on the team anyway.)
Back in 2012, actually. If I'm to pinpoint the exact moment, I'd say something twisted in my gut the moment he started rotating that turbine, risking his life to prop the helicarrier up. What can I say? I'd always had a soft spot for the brave and the mouthy.
Carol let out something that sounded suspiciously like a giggle. "Yes, sweetie, here we all are."
Tony: And once again: me too.
"Steve." At this, captain hesitated. There was considerably less steel in the commander's voice now. "I'm not ordering you to accept him, all right? But
Tony: In the interest of full disclosure here.
"It's a deal," Steve said. Jesus, there had been clues – the coldness thing, the not getting sick thing, to start with – and also, Tony knew that newly defrosted Cap had gone missing. He wasn't
"You and I, together? Come on, what could possibly stop us?" Tony said this lightly, but it left a new scratch in the old hurt. Too much, too soon. He sighed. "We should probably go to sleep. The plan for now is, if someone comes in, we kick their ass. Tomorrow we think of a way to open the goddamn door."
Tony: of course i'm going to hate it
,” Steve said stubbornly and shuddered again, so fiercely that the whole sofa shook with him. “It’s just a tiny postponed reaction. No reason to worry. Really.”
. He saw the charred arm of the suit, the scorch marks all along his right side. And then the medic was pushing something at Steve, and Tony saw it was an oxygen mask. Something untwistable in his guts twisted. Before he realized what he was doing, he was hurrying over.
Erase all the feelings. Be numb like an iceberg (no, not an iceberg, don't go there, find a different comparison). Hard like a diamond, reflecting the heat, reflecting the light, not letting anything,
I leaned my hip against the kitchen island and looked at him intensely. Probably too intensely, in all honesty. "Yes." I can be very verbose when I want to, you see.
"What would I do with it? Shoot myself in the leg? I could
Tony: Yeah, or a dick pic. I won't say no to a dick pic from you.
; he wanted to say something real, for once; Tony
Tony: That's a dead link.
"What, in a palace, during a gala?"
Tony: Yeah, figured it out already, gee, gimme a sec.
Tony: Aw come on, you're smart enough. You don't need an app. I used to do this with Rhodey all the time at the uni. But he's busy right now, so he's ignoring me.
“I thought you’d like it,” Tony said half-assedly. He’d been better at keeping the itch under control in the later years, and there was no reason for Steve to be such a drama queen.
"That's off the record, lieutenant" said Steve with a small smile. "At least that's what I think Fury's going to do." A beat. "Don't tell anyone?"
Tony: Oh my god, YAY. Someone else got the judgy!
When he got home from Reed's, he found a stack of post-its (Pepper must have left them behind), and scribbled:
They accumulated, as they tend to.
Tony: But then again
"How have you been?" Tony asked then. "I didn't know you were coming."
"All right there, Cap?" Tony asked lightly. It was as if he was stuck in a loop. This seemed the one and only sentence he was able to say to Steve.
Steve shot his gun.
"Well," Tony said. "Maybe she can, who knows? Besides..."
This was how The Game happened.
Tony: Yep.
“Tony, I hope you wouldn’t...”
Steve, just how much he missed him already, now that the man was half the world away (and hopefully not as hungover as Tony, since he was leading an important charge).
"What about you?" Tony forced out, because he didn't want to drown in his own feelings that were apparently using this opportunity to raise from the depths like a pitiful old kraken.
Steve closed his eyes and something in his facial expression shut Tony up. The blond seemed to come to a decision in a second. All of a sudden, his face looked very set. "All right. Let's not be stupid about this." He opened an emergency locker and grabbed three jumpsuits and helmets; tossed two to Tony and Thor. "Put these on. We're all going up."
