“I’ll have to think of what things are appropriate to reveal without breaking Sir’s privacy but I genuinely want to help,” JARVIS assures.
It takes them the blink of an eye to move their heads close together. It takes them a century to press their lips in their first ever kiss.
Maybe that’s what compels Tony to finally speak, what finally brings his fear down. The notion that while Steve is not really a little boy he’s also way too young to be suffering this much.  Because he
But neither of them showed up again in any public spaces around the Compound so Steve and Tony had to fend for themselves.
They haven’s actually made that promise out loud but it’s been implicit in their home for a while now.
Steve muffles a groan as he pinches his left nipple between his index and thumb. Quickly, he moves his hand towards his right nipple and does the same to it. His cell vibrates in his hand as he’s doing it and the reminder of Tony being a participant in this even when he isn’t physically next to Steve finally does tore the moan out of Steve’s throat.
Clint murmured “That’s my girl” and Natasha smirked at him. Steve still only had eyes for the man he had hit.
He stays there, in Pepper’s arms, for what feels like an eternity but is actually no time at all. His tears are dampening Pepper’s sweater’s shoulder but her tears are also dampening his t-shirt so there’s no judgement to be made.
“We were introducing new topics this week, and also new exercises,” Steve explains, although Tony is already familiar with Steve’s plans for the group sessions he leads, having listened before to Steve voice his concerns about doing the best he can. “And yesterday we made it to past regrets that we feel had been left without closure because of the Decimation.”
It only takes a minute for Tony’s phone to let out a soft chime but it’s not signaling a call, just a text.
“I just want you to know that I mean it, okay?” Tony says. “Just because I’m back and you don’t like me doesn’t mean you have to give up Pepper’s and Rhodey’s friendships. They’re great friends to have and I would know.”
“And I needed you, as in past tense. That trumps what you need. It’s too late, buddy. Sorry,” Tony proclaims, completely uncaring of all the people hearing about it.
Tony wondered, at first, if he had maybe been the only one who didn’t know. If Natasha had noticed it was certain that Barton had too, either because they had talked about it or because he was perceptive with things that mattered too. Recalling previous conversations and interactions, Tony had picked up on Bruce and Thor also making sly comments about it. But the one person who had never seemed to realize something was going on was Steve. Not even Tony’s time of “investigation” made Steve aware of it. (And they did really have sex while Tony was wearing one of Steve’s shirt, but the soldier never even hinted at it being weird or uncommon, although that could have had to do with Tony practically turning him stupid with a truly magical blow job.)
There is a rather explicit sex scene in this chapter. If you don't want to read it you can skip it by stopping after
Getting up slowly, Tony disentangles himself from Steve’s grip and picks up the clothes they left scattered around the room the night before, carrying them to the bathroom and dumping them in the hamper.
“So then what?” Steve asks, some of his anger and disbelief making it back to him. “You’re not afraid of me but you’re afraid enough to not want to talk to me. What is it? What are you so afraid of?”
Bruce doesn’t offer anymore explanation but Tony doesn’t need it to immediately understand what Bruce is referring to.
Steve’s hand drops from the shield and Tony turns to the left to deposit it gently on his bed. When he turns back to Steve he sees him swallow heavily and take a deep breath.
Tony gets up from the chair and approaches Steve, wrapping his arms around his waist and ignoring the catcalls coming from his friends (mostly from Clint, obviously).
“I’m sorry you had to go through all that alone,” Tony says. “Regardless of me having a bad day or not.”
There’s disappointment, of course there is. And blame is thrown around at them a few times. But for the most part the Avengers are a very tiny part of the discussion.
Steve would have thought that the restaurant Miss Potts suggested would be upscale and elegant but a week later, when he arrives at the location five minutes before the time they decided on, he’s surprised to walk into a very homely Italian restaurant. It’s mostly empty and the tables are covered in red and white checkered table tops. The place smells deliciously and Steve’s stomach grumbles.
As she is about to open the door, she says, “Oh, Tony, I just want to say I’m so sorry about Peter.”
Time is still irrelevant but Steve has the feeling that the coming down from it was as long as the unraveling itself.
“We’ve been hunting Thanos for three weeks now. Deep space scans, and satellites, and we got nothing.”
Natasha nods. “I know we’ve been trying to locate him and we’ve succeeded before only to lose him again, but we haven’t actually been trying hard and you know it, Tony.”
“Well, it’s not like we can’t make the practice fun, right?” Steve asks and he, once again, rises to his knees, pulling his body away from Tony’s.
It hits too close to home and for a second Steve is back in that train watching as his best friend falls down hundreds of feet down from a mountain as Steve can do nothing to help.
“He even had them do little poses and everything,” Rhodey remembers and although it’s less obvious than it is on Pepper his eyes look suspiciously misty too.
It’s torture and it’s a torture so poignant and so perfectly designed for him that it can obviously only come from his own mind.
When they reach the bed, Steve drops Tony on it, who laughs lightly when he bounces a couple times on the mattress, and lies over him, pinning Tony’s wrist above his head and starts sucking on his neck, making sure to leave a mark that will be visible on Tony’s skin for days.
When Natasha knocks on the workshop doors this time it sounds almost hesitant, like she's just gracing her knuckles against the glass softly, almost like a caress.
“Damn Wilson.” cursed Bucky as he hid behind the parked car again, his hair a wet, dripping mess. Steve was trying hard not to laugh at the picture his best friend painted.
“Rhodey found him,” Natasha announces, still out of breath. “He found Clint and I’m going to go get him.”
The kiss is perfect, even better now than it was before. It’s like everything that was holding Steve back before has dissipated thanks to Tony’s reassurances and promises.
“What were you doing that had you so focused?” Tony asks, bending down at the waist to place a soft kiss on Steve’s forehead.
“Oh man,” Rhodey says, beer in hand and sprawled out on Steve’s couch. “Tony was just this little squirt back then, smarter than anyone and everyone at freaking MIT and causing trouble every other day.”
Steve has a gift for making Tony feel safe even when the joke is at his expense or when he should be feeling uncomfortable. With other people and in other situations Tony feels the need to hide and perform but with Steve it’s always the truth and nothing else.
It doesn’t make much sense and it’s a poor explanation of what he’s feeling but it’s been a very long time since Steve’s had to use many words for Tony to understand him.
The common kitchen is empty, but the coffee pot is already brewing coffee and Tony spares a thought to thank himself for creating such a perfect creature as JARVIS.
Steve’s own hand comes up towards his chest to grasp Tony’s and the physical contact seems to relax him a bit. His shoulders unclench and he releases a big gulp of air through his mouth.
It’s beautiful and soft and Steve can understand why Tony chose it but what really strikes him about it is the simplicity of it. Steve and Tony have a million gorgeous pictures together but Tony chose this one, the one that shows them disheveled and relaxed, Steve not even aware of the camera.
But if there’s one thing that Steve would place above all others is the opportunity to capture so easily and so perfectly every moment of it. Photographs are Steve’s favorite thing in the entire universe. Selfies, to be more precise.
But because they’re now experts at reading each other, Tony was right in thinking Steve would want him to talk about it.
(Steve ends up cooking for Tony more than one of his mom’s recipes and they both wind up declaring Sarah Rogers really was that good of a cook.
“I’m not asking you to work for me. I’m not even asking you to regroup the Avengers if you really think under different circumstances the team won’t work,” Pepper promises him. “I’m just asking you to consider moving into the Tower so I could help you with anything you needed. So maybe Rhodey could help too. Even JARVIS perhaps, although I don’t know if you’ve ever formally met him.”
And maybe that is also part of why they haven’t been prioritizing the issue. Both of them know there is nothing that could quite break the two of them truly apart. It’s an unspoken thing. A given promise.
For five more minutes this is all Tony does: he takes a little kid and flies them around carefully and safely, very noticeably making them feel like heroes of their own.
“Rhodey, his aunt, Peter’s aunt,” Tony stutters. “I need to call his aunt, I need to tell her and let her know and just, Rhodey, I—“
“Miss Potts brought them to the Tower after her last trip to Malibu,” JARVIS explains. “They were getting lonely over there and at least here she can visit them every once in a while.”
This is peaceful, almost. Like watching an animal stretch after a restful night of sleep. Like becoming hypnotized by the way the waves touch and leave the shore again and again.
“The way Pepper and Rhodey talked about you, what I learnt from JARVIS, the videos and stories… It might make me sound crazy but it brought me closer to you. I know now that what I felt then was nothing compared to what I feel now.  I hadn't really known you before but the glimpses I was able to catch, the small things I saw… There was something there, a spark of love that you ignited when you came back.”
When Tony moves his hands to try and remove the towel from Steve’s body, the soldier reacts quickly and captures both of Tony’s hands with one of his.
Their hands join between their bodies and they playfully swing them back and forth as they continue walking.
Dropping his hands from his hair, Tony rests them on the table, extended in front of him and reaching for the ghost of where Steve was. But there is nothing there.
There is no need for a one-month anniversary celebration, because their enjoyment comes not from making it one month but from having already previously shared it. There is no need for a three-month anniversary celebration, because Christmas coincides the same day and getting to share that with everyone living in the Compound feels more central to their relationship, anyway.
Is Steve’s sadness just naturally more consuming than his happiness or has he actually not known happiness around Tony ever?
He feels pain in the palm of his hands and it’s not until he looks down at them that he realizes it comes from his own nails sinking into his skin. He tries to open his fists but it’s like his hands aren’t responding to orders from his brain anymore and the pain doesn't relent, it just goes on and on and on.
The fight never ends and Tony and Bruce both know they’ll both want to keep fighting it with the tools they know best.
Natasha nods, her eyes still firmly holding his, and she moves forwards further to kiss the cheek she had previously brushed with her fingers.
“Damn you and your super soldier metabolism, Rogers,” Tony says, ripping one of the spoons out of Steve’s hand with more force than necessary. Steve just takes it good-naturedly and laughs.
But his thoughts are a tangled mess in his head and it reminds him so much of how he was when he had just gotten out of the ice, back when he believed he would never belong here.
Their laughter dies down slowly and naturally, transforming itself into puffs of breath that leave both Tony’s and Steve’s mouths. Tony can feel Steve’s on the back of his neck and his arms grow goosebumps at the sensation.
This time Steve gets up after he speaks and it leaves Steve and Tony facing each other while standing up, a position that could perhaps be felt as aggressive in any other moment but now only serves to make them more receptive to the other, as if standing face to face gives them a better insight into the other’s intentions.
Steve answers silently by grabbing his empty plate and thrusting it forward towards Tony who laughs at him as he shakes his head affectionately.
The first thing he does after the Avengers’ fifth mission together, the first after the Battle where one of them gets seriously injured, is go see them down in the ‘shop. He’s still wearing his soiled uniform and his heart hasn’t yet recovered from watching Clint fall down from a two story window. It feels nearly miraculous that he’s only got a broken leg and some bruised ribs but Steve can’t stop replaying the moment over and over in his mind.
Steve’s quiet voice surprises Tony and he gives a light startle. It really doesn’t count as Steve talking to him directly because the comment was mostly spoken into the air but it’s more than Tony has gotten in weeks and it makes him feel eager for more, even if it’s just scraps of a feeling, crumbs of a connection.
As for Rhodey, he’s the one who texts Tony the American flag emoji followed by the eggplant emoji, making it very clear the grapevine had worked its wonders before Tony could even open his mouth. He could be angry, sure, or disappointed he didn't get to deliver the good news, but all he feels really is relief. Relief that everyone that matters now knows and that that can mean Steve and Tony have only themselves to focus on again.
“Yeah, should have known you’d be against me in this too,” Steve comments just as Tony positions himself right in front of him, standing across the table where Steve’s seated.
It’s not like it’s a difficult thing to figure out, a hard puzzle to put together. It should be even less difficult for Steve, who’s living through everything alongside Tony, who knows him better than anyone else in the world, at this point.
Rhodey is back by the time Bruce has set to extract Tony’s catheter and it’s only his presence and the knowledge that Rhodey already has too much blackmail material on him that keeps Tony from crying of joy when the damn thing is out and he can go to the bathroom on his own.
They swing by Thor’s rooms but they find them empty and it’s not difficult to make an educated guess about his whereabouts for the three hours he’s been missing when he comes back smelling of rancid booze and dirty sewage.
She’s walking in between Steve and Rhodey, both her arms looped through one of theirs. Her pace is slow because just a few seconds ago she confessed the new heels she had worn for the Stark Industries’ launch of their new phone were pinching her little toes and creating blisters on the sole of her feets.
Although Tony was standing right in front of the windows there was no reflection staring back at him, none at all, not his and not the other people’s walking by on the street. Until suddenly, something took shape to his right, a figure as tall as he was but ganglier, full of reds and blues.
Steve lowers his head to hide the flush he knows he must be sporting on his cheeks and brings a hand to the back of his neck to rub at it sheepishly.
He was in Steve’s room last night when he went to take a shower and, just for a minute, he had decided to lay down and rest for a while. He promptly guesses he must have fallen asleep right there and never made it back to his room. A quick sweep over the room with his eyes confirms his suspicions.
“I’m sorry for avoiding you,” Tony explains further. “Because you’re right that’s what I’ve been doing, okay? I’ve been avoiding you.”
Steve’s voice breaks and his eyes fill with tears. He loosens his grip on one of Tony’s hand so he can pull his hand away to rub at his eyes with it. He wipes both his under-eyes with his ring finger and then dries his finger on his sweatpants.
Her hand is still touching his face, her palm cupping his cheek, and Tony is not sure if the coldness he can feel there is from the metal of her engagement ring or from the shame taking root in his body. Maybe it’s both.
Tony hears Steve sigh, a sound so small he might have confused it with the rustling of leaves if not for how attuned he is to Steve and his being.
Tony in particular has had to deal with experiences like that for all of his adult life. Hell, he even had to deal with things like that before he could even be thought of as a real adult.
“Tony being Iron Man wasn’t the only reason why we ended up breaking up but it did play a part in it,” Pepper confesses. “At the time I didn’t understand that not accepting Iron Man meant not accepting Tony because it wasn't just something he did, it was who he was.”
The sneakiness of depression and its way of sucking the life out of everything. Tony’s familiar with it.
Rhodey departs when his two-weeks leave is over and the Compound seems a thousand times bleaker than normal. It’s not for a lack of things to do, though, because Stark Industries work picks up considerably for Tony.
One of her hands finally reaches towards him, her left hand making its way to Tony’s face. The touch is so gentle and light, her fingertips grazing the entirety of his face, from his forehead to his eyelids and down the slope of his cheeks to his chapped lips.
Immediately, Barton bursts out laughing and even though Natasha throws grapes at his head trying to get him to stop, some chuckles escape her mouth too. Bruce is wearing a sheepish grin and Thor’s own smile is one of pure delight.
It’s good when Tony realizes that the persistence of Bruce and Natasha isn’t as needed anymore. Maybe it’s Clint and Thor lowering their defenses, or maybe it’s a little bit of the repetition hay-wiring their brains, but they start joining lunches and dinners even with Natasha away on Avengers business or Bruce on some volunteering trip, respectively.
Tony looked at Natasha and she looked back at him. Both of them seemed to be having a conversation only through their eyes and a few eyebrow movements on Tony’s part. Whatever it was that they had both silently said made Tony face Steve again and walk purposefully in his direction.
Pepper is set to leave really early in the morning, so early in fact some people would say she’s leaving late at night.
“You haven’t lost Pepper,” Rhodey reminds him. “It didn’t work between you guys but you’ll always have each other.”
His words come out raspy and breathy, as if his lungs are tired from just uttering those two sentences out-loud, which they are.
Steve feels his air catch in his throat and his dick is fully erect in the time it takes him to finish reading Tony’s messages. Imagining Tony’s fingers inside him is what finally drives Steve to grip his dick through his sweatpants. He squeezes it twice through the soft fabric before moving his hand inside it. He isn’t wearing any underwear and at first the skin to skin contact between his hand and his dick makes him twitch involuntarily. His hand is a lot colder than he had expected and his cock is so hot to the touch.
It’s not like it matters, anyway, because Steve would gladly live only on pasta if Tony was the one doing the cooking.)
“Want to go take a walk?” he asks and although he’s looking in the direction of both him and Natasha Tony knows the question is solely aimed at him.
Tony loves binge-shopping late at night, looking through hundreds of webpages and clicking on items after items. Once, during a particularly long period of time without sleep, he created a holographic mannequin exactly his size to try on clothes on him. He hasn’t used it ever since but he had a fun couple hours coding it.
“It was.” A glint suddenly appears on her eyes, lighting up her face as she looks up towards the ceiling. “Actually, JARVIS, you must have some footage of that, don’t you?”
“Are you-“ he starts and clears his throat when his voice comes out raspy. “Are you feeling any better?”
“You know, Steve, you aren’t my biggest regret in the whole `Civil War´ business,” Tony says, using the name mockingly. “It’s not even Rhodey’s accident, although that kills me up inside every day, but hey! We solved it!”
Today, Steve has prepared dinner for all of them after they had not eaten lunch together, an anomaly in their routine that had surprisingly knocked Tony a bit askew. Natasha had been in meetings all day long, Steve had ventured into the city for a couple errands he had to run and Tony had taken the opportunity to have lunch with Pepper, her in Malibu in her office as she ate a salad from one of her favorite French restaurants and Tony in one of the conference rooms as he ate some leftovers from Bruce’s dinner from the night before.
He stops on the threshold to the hallway and before he leaves he turns his upper body back towards the group.
Sometimes, behaving through an entire day of boring, old, serious people parties, would get him a big hug from his mom and a fond smile.
Now, the Compound isn’t even worth being called a ghost, a phantom. The Compound is only the remembrance of a spirit, the last echoes of a soul that has been dead for too long to still be felt in any way.
There’s an impulse that’s growing inside him that is becoming very difficult to ignore. Steve feels compelled to run his thumb along the back of Tony’s hand, to caress the skin and draw patterns on it. He’s never done it before but something tells him Tony wouldn’t mind, that he would be happy, that it would make him smile. Steve only ever wants to do things that will make Tony smile.
“-that are still working, are trying to take a census. And it looks like he did, he did exactly what he said he was going to do. Thanos wiped out fifty percent of all living creatures.”
It’s a relief to not be so subjected to the constraint of these landmarks. Freeing to just let things happen and days occur as their life together is built and gets stronger each day.
Bruce’s voice is full of wonder, but a strange one if that. He suddenly looks as if he has just realized something and he was beating himself up for not having put the pieces of the puzzle together sooner.
Pepper visits them pretty early in the morning and they go to have lunch together, the three of them.
needed them. But I never thought I’d have to choose the Accords over anyone in the team. It was always supposed to be Avengers business. All of the Avengers.”
Tears gather in his eyes as he tells Tony how they had found out that Thanos had destroyed the Stones, that the trip had been in vain because there was no way they could fix what, according to Thanos, had always been meant to happen.
Perhaps that’s where his bout of bravery comes from. Maybe it’s because of how brave Tony thinks Steve has always been that he feels like he should match him. Maybe he’s always just trying to be worthy of someone like Steve.
It’s a slow process, sometimes so glacial that it feels like nothing is actually changing at all. But it is. If Tony thought he and Steve were learning about each other before this is a whole new level of connection.
Steve’s voice startles Tony when it finally says something but in less than a millisecond Tony focuses all of his attention on it. He knows the significance of these words, he knows what Steve says can change a lot of things in their future.
no expectations, no promises. For the first time in maybe all of his life, Tony has felt like the little boy fixing his broken radio at the age of 5 while wearing a suit in a room full of people that don’t care at all about what’s behind the fabric, all because Steve was at the other end of the room, encouraging smile waiting to be looked at.
Tony’s body instantly relaxes at Steve’s touch and he lets himself fall backwards slightly so his back is to Steve’s chest. Steve knows Tony loves this position, the feeling of being completely surrounded by Steve, warm and safe and loved.
“I made a move, if you want to call it that, and he said no. He said it was behind us and it would be better for us both to leave it in the past.”
Tony is having dinner alone in the living room, the news playing on the big plasma TV, but he’s not paying them much attention. He’s got his tablet propped up on his knee as he nibbles on a too hot chicken wing, paging through some new contracts SI’s Legal department sent over.
His body’s state hasn't allowed him to do so sooner. In the months since his return to Earth Tony has gotten steadily better and stronger, so much healthier than during the time he was aboard the
The only other light in the room apart from the dim shine of the Moon comes from the television screen, set on the Blu-Ray player’s home screen.
He makes it back to the Tower three hours after he sent the rest of the team there. He’s still wearing his uniform and he feels clammy with sweat and dirt. He’s limping lightly from a bad fall he took during the fight but he can thankfully feel himself healing already and he sighs in relief at not having to visit SHIELD medical.
Natasha makes her way into her room but the door never closes behind her and this makes Tony’s eyebrows raise. Bruce stops by Tony and Steve before he disappears himself.
Sometimes, when it’s lunch time and Tony walks into the Compound kitchen, the smells of cooking foods take him back to a time when he’d love spending hours next to Jarvis, watching him stir sauces and season meats.
Even though Tony was hoping it would take a little longer for Rhodey to notice it’s only on the second night that Rhodey brings up Steve in a conversation.
“Just so you know,” Natasha’s eyes shine with mischief. “I think it is very sweet that you’re dying to wear Steve’s letterman jacket.”
Rhodey continues their conversation when he says, “I did want to punch Turner’s teeth when he implied you were just Tony’s substitute, though. What an asshole.”
“I know,” Steve assures him with a nod. “But in my head… In my head I just can’t shake the idea that there was some sort of fate to it. And I know, I know. Fate. What a stupid thing to believe in considering our lives. But what was the point then? What’s the point of us still being here?”
“Shit!” Tony feels his heart racing and he asks himself how he can still be surprised by the sneakiness of it when Natasha and Clint live for scaring him in the most random situations.
It’s all about the world and the future. In some cases it’s all about the past and the grief. It’s debates on how to move forward, on what things need to improve. It’s discussions on how to honor everyone that’s not coming back and how best to remember them.
There was once a time when he didn’t think he would make it to this age. There once was a time -very recently, he’s not going to lie- when he desperately wished he wouldn't make it to this age.
Tony turns around on his chair and his eyes widen slightly at the sight of Steve. He says something that must have been directed at JARVIS because the doors open immediately after.
The absolutely gut-wrenching despair that grips his insides when he watches Bruce and Natasha jump hand-in-hand from the tallest floor of the old Avengers Tower confirms that these people are now
Tony goes through three different psychologists before finding the one who works best for him, a young woman that only just recently graduated and is working two different jobs, one in a private clinic and one in a non-profit organization for people who lost loved ones in the Decimation. Steve’s search is more straight-forward and he starts seeing a therapist that Sam used to know and sometimes worked with.
During any normal day Steve receives at least ten different text messages from Tony and they live together, so it’s not like they don’t see each other a lot during their day to day routines. But it always seems like even an hour apart drives Tony mad with the need to communicate with Steve.
“I didn’t realize how little I had been taking advantage of every modern thing before,” Steve confesses to him one day as Tony keeps him company while he prepares dinner. “One more thing to feel grateful for now, I guess.”
Stark sent that nuke up into the portal but he’s not coming down and Steve knows they need to close it as soon as possible.
He wakes to the sound of a spaceship’s engine turning on and for a second he wonders if he dreamt his return home, but the feeling of the mattress under his body confirms everything was real. He’s still alone and he doesn’t need to open his eyes to verify it.
He waits for the sadness to come, but he feels exactly the same. No sadder than before, no more surprised.
Tony licks his chapped lips and swallows to wet his throat and unclog it. Steve’s eyes follow both movements as they happen, first setting on Tony’s lips and then roaming over to his throat to finally move back where they had been before, Tony’s eyes.
The smell of coffee soon pervades the kitchen and the moment the machine allows it Tony takes the coffeepot and fills up his favorite mug nearly to the brim. He reaches across the counter to grab the sugar bowl and add three spoonfuls of it to his beverage.
Steve is still not looking at him but a movement rakes through his whole body and Tony realizes it was Steve letting out a deep breath. His hands shake and his lips tremble a little but when he finally looks up at Tony his eyes look clear and focused, his face bright, as if he’d just gotten rid of a torturous pain that had been clawing him up inside for so long.
His head is resting on the center of Tony’s chest, right where the arc-reactor is. One of Tony’s arms is wrapped around Steve’s shoulders while the other is stretched over them as he takes the picture. Tony’s head is turned so that half his face is hidden by Steve’s head and his lips can press against the crown of his head. His eyes are half closed, his expression so blissful it makes Steve’s heart skip a beat.
Miraculously, his mind seems to clear a little bit after a few minutes and he’s reminded of Steve’s side of pleasure in this whole ordeal. He’s about to say something to Steve when he gazes down and sees that Steve is ahead of him. He’s jerking himself off rapidly, the head of his dick glistering when it peaks through Steve’s hand.
The door of the workshop opens for them without them having to touch it and then closes behind them as soon as they step outside. This proves FRIDAY has been keeping an eye on them the whole evening even if she hasn't interjected at any time.
He wants them there because this anger and this hurt and this disappointment and this sadness, they’re all familiar. They’ve been living within him for years, unwelcome guests in his mind, guests that sometimes sleep by his side every night and sometimes don’t visit for days at a time.
There are two different sketchbooks in the room, one on the workbench with two pencil cases and a case of coals resting on it and another one on the couch, looking as if it had been thrown haphazardly there.
He spends all day at the Compound, starting off his morning early by walking into the kitchen and seeing Steve, Rhodey and Natasha all waiting for him there.
These two Steves are at war and part of him feels like no matter who wins it he will be losing no matter what.
“Yes,” he confesses. “And I’ve been avoiding Pepper and Rhodey too. But not because I hate you. And not because I want to stop being friends with them because I hate you.”
“I get it,” Pepper says. “You’re all your own people and the team up was more of a necessity kind of deal but… I think it could be so much more than that.”
Bruce bends forward a little to get a little closer to Tony’s level and height. Tony raises his right hand on instinct towards Bruce’s face and he touches Bruce’s cheek lightly with his fingertips. Bruce’s left hand comes up and his fingers wrap delicately over Tony’s wrist. They don’t apply any pressure or move it away, they just stay there, a reminder, an anchor.
Tony’s gone, he’s been gone for months, and every little thing Steve finds endearing and sweet and funny and brave about him is gone too.
Tony chuckles. “He was not subtle at all. I didn’t even have to dig deep to find out who he was and it still baffles me that more people didn’t find out about him.”
When Natasha seems secure in the fact that Tony really isn’t going to be disappearing on her any time soon, she gets more comfortable on her perch on the bed and looks back at him, the sad smile that seems to be tattooed on her face now still there.
Getting to his designated side of the spaceship takes too much effort and as soon as he gets there he lets his back meet the wall and he slides down until he’s sitting on the floor, his legs extended in from of him, his arms hanging uselessly by both sides of his body.
The days pass slowly but the weeks fly by and before Tony even realizes it he’s celebrating his 49th birthday.
Looking at Steve feels like an oasis. Laying with him and just remaining there basking in the moment feels a little bit like freedom.
Tony finds himself being the one seeking Steve more often, especially as his own schedule starts freeing up. He’s the one who sits quietly next to Steve while he does class work, or texting him in the middle of the day simply to remind him Tony’s still there for him.
Steve surely fighting back on Earth because if there’s one thing Steve and Tony have in common is  that neither of them give up a fight, even when it is clearly a hopeless one.
This last thing is said airily but it warms something inside Tony that he can’t put a name for. Maybe a last scar fading away. Maybe the last brick of a new solid foundation sliding into place.
Steve closes his eyes and focuses completely on his breathing and he lets JARVIS’ comments and words guide him back towards shore.
Steve loves Tony and Tony knows now, and although he may not be on the same page yet he’s catching up.
Tony breathes in deeply and starts walking away from the table and making his way out of the kitchen.
Tony doesn't let him speak. He immediately climbs onto Steve’s lap, making Steve’s chair creak under the weight of them both. Steve looks perplexed but he instinctively reaches towards Tony, steadying him so he won’t fall down.
But Tony’s a whole new world and proof of that is that Steve can now say he gets that reference thanks to a Disney marathon with Tony.
Peter’s face is still taunting him, so close and yet so far and Tony throws back the sheets that were covering his body as he sits up in bed, grabbing with his right hand at where the arc-reactor would have once been.
“I also think I need to start helping out more in other ways. I’m going to be contacting government officials and some activists I know have already started doing some work. Things are chaotic outside, Tony. Economically, socially, environmentally, everything’s changed and even if we reverse everything that’s happened, will all those things be alright?”
“But you didn’t talk to me,” Steve responds before Tony can even finish his second sentence. “You ran instead of talking to me.”
“I’m actually dying to get in the shower,” Steve comments as he tugs on the neckline of the dress shirt he’s still wearing.
Maybe it’s because he feels like if he says it enough times it will make up for the way he didn't believe it at first. Like this is the repentance he has to do for ever doubting Tony’s worth.
Steve’s voice stops him in his tracks and Tony turns around slowly to look back at Steve, who’s still sitting but has turned his body to watch Tony walk him, his elbow resting on the back of the chair. Tony doesn't say anything, just waits nervously for Steve to speak again.
Tony doesn’t need Steve to confirm what it’s obvious to him now: he’d been feeling guilty for refusing back the shield. He’d been feeling guilty for not taking back Captain America. Steve had put
He shares his breakfast with Bruce before Bruce leaves the Compound, headed to Sri Lanka for some international humanitarian conference that he’s participating in.
Steve’s face looks red with excerption and his cheeks are wet from tears that keep pouring out of his eyes desperately. His nose is running and he is breathing noisily and heavily.
Tony squawks and Steve has to cover up his laughter with a cough when Tony turns to direct a glare at him. Tony then turns back to Rhodey and points at him with his right hand.
“You’ve said that like five times already,” Tony laughs as he eats a lot more carefully and less messily than Steve.
Tony feels anger building up inside him but the fire doesn’t burn for long. The flames turn into smoke quickly and although he still feels angry enough to know he’ll find it difficult to talk to Steve after the event is over the feeling that starts consuming him rapidly is despair.
“But,” Steve rushes to say. “I promise that’s all over. I’m done avoiding you, or Pepper or Rhodey.”
His voice sounds gravely after going unused for the entire day and his throat tickles, seemingly in need of a gulp of water.
This was the last thing from another life, from another time between them. It hadn't been keeping them from starting anew and building something stronger but it does feel like a rebirth for Tony that, in his birthday, he can look back on his life and realize there isn’t one thing he could change that he hasn’t worked hard on improving.
(It might also have to do with how it starts to become a daily occurrence, obvious and never hidden, but overall it
Tony stops walking, his quickening speech having left him slightly out of breath. Steve halts immediately beside him.
From this position Tony can’t see Steve, but he can feel how Steve shakes his head vehemently, his grip on Tony tightening and then softening a second later.
The others looked surprised at his less than eloquent intervention but Tony can feel this is not a conversation he should check out off, and although they don’t disappear, his worries about Pepper and what’s to come take a backseat to what is happening at the moment at this table.
He’s afraid. Not of Steve, he’s never been truly afraid of Steve -at least not for longer than a second- but of what this conversation, if they are to have one, will do to him.
Tony moves so he can sit to Bruce’s right and he puts his arm around Bruce’s shoulders slowly, not wanting to startle him.
The different social climate, and the subtle cultural changes, and the political differences all around the world, and the different fashion sense, and aliens, and gods, and super spies, and robots, and the different buildings he spots around Brooklyn the few times he goes to visit.
“Tony,” he starts, his voice low, not needing to sound louder in order to be heard in the silence of nature. “How are you feeling?”
“I’m fine with it but I’m not so fine with how you’re also avoiding Pepper and Rhodey. For what they’ve told me you guys have become quite close in the months that you all believed I was capoot,” Tony says as he makes a gesture with his hands that resembles more an explosion than it could portray the idea of his body being lost to the portal. “And they’re worried about you.”
There was a period of time, during those months that all the original Avengers took residence at the Tower, where dreams where Tony watched them all die or hurt became the norm. However, a lot of those dreams weren’t really a testament of the team’s close relationship or their devotion to each other, they were more proof of the side-effects and damages that living the live they lead created on Tony. It was more of a general fear and panic and sense of responsibility that had Tony imagining the deaths of his friends, even if he cared for them back then already.
It’s not like Steve hasn’t received much more difficult texts from Tony completely made up of emojis that he’s had to decipher. There was one memorable occasion in which Tony sent him a five-line text only composed of emoticons that made absolute sense after Steve was able to decode it. He’s proud to say it only took him a little over 4 minutes.
Steve is the first one to pull away, bringing his spoon towards his chest as if protecting it from assault.
They have their times together, their very good times, until the bad times reach them and they are no longer able to hide from them.
“I think it’s brave to admit that something isn’t working and it’s definitely brave to make a change about it,” Steve explains. “You’re not gonna lose Pepper, I know you won’t. You guys are too important to the other to let that happen. But you’re right, you both deserve better than this halfway thing you were stuck in.”
“Cap, hey, hey, look at me,” Tony calls but Steve is still breathing heavily and not really listening to him.
For a while very few people ever saw him out of them and each time made him feel out of his depth, like he was giving away parts of his soul without permission. He only felt truly comfortable with Pepper, bare feet and honest smile, no armor or wall between them. When the break up happened, there was never a need to build up a barrier again and even through the fog of awkwardness in their interactions for weeks after, it always felt refreshing to spend time as he was and as he feared being seen.
But almost 3 months into the world post-Decimation Tony can almost one hundred percent say that Natasha, Bruce and Steve have turned into the closest family he has ever had.
She moves around him and resumes the walk towards the elevator, this time with him trailing after her.
“I want to die with you, Tony. I want us to be forever,” Steve promises and Tony’s world stops spinning. “But I know we could also end. I know it’s a possibility. But God, I want to work every single day to make forever a little closer.”
Peggy had been so perfect for him once but Steve’s come to terms with the fact that he wasn't the love of her life just like, quite honestly, she wasn't the love of his. How could she when his life is now so much different than what it used to be?
It’s easier than sleeping. Easier than trying to succumb to sleep with the image of a wormhole tattooed on the inside his eyelids. Easier than closing his eyes while he cruises the universe without knowing if he’ll even wake up again. Easier than knowing that dreams will only bring him the image of Peter as he says goodbye over and over again.
His shoulders are still trembling slightly but the pressure of his fists has released and although he can make out the half moon marks his nails have left on the palms of his hands it feels liberating to let go of that pain.
Nebula has come into the room but she’s standing stiffly next to the door, arms hanging limply by her sides.
They don’t say anything else after. They drink their second servings of coffee in companionable silence and breathe in tandem after a few minutes of their bodies so close to each other.
Steve thinks about it as he takes a deep breathe and he quickly dismisses the idea. This isn’t the first time he and Tony are trying out something new but not actually having Tony next to him makes Steve feel weirdly nervous in a way he wasn't even the first time they actually slept together. The idea of hearing Tony’s voice should calm him but instead it only adds to the shaking of his hands. He likes the slight freedom texting gives him, the time he can take to look for the words he wants to say.
This time the assessment is about him and as unsettling as it feels he knows deep in his bones how true it is, how much Natasha has understood from the little glimpses Steve’s allowed her to have.
It’s been a little over a week since the first time Bruce transformed in front of Tony and he’s seen it a couple more times since then but he has to admit how incredible it still feels to see some of it.
It’s only Thursday but Steve truly believes this has been one of the longest weeks of his entire life. The Avengers have had to fight three different super-villians in the last four days, Steve’s had to save three people from getting run over by cars during his morning runs and Sam and Bucky have been engaged in the most petty prank war in all of the history of man-kind and Steve’s been stuck in the middle of it, fearful of their combined powers turning against him at any moment.
“I think,” Tony starts, causing Steve’s gaze to move back to his. “I like them because it feels like they’re part of you.”
Thor does make it to the living room and through sleep-hooded eyes and with a heavy voice he says to Valkyrie, “You can leave whenever you see fit. I’ll be staying here for some time.”
Steve smiles and shyly looks down at his running shoes before looking back up and saying, “C’mon” and heading into the kitchen.
Tony huffs, “We’re going to try something alright, although we don’t know what. We just…. We have to try.”
“Can you…” Steve starts asking but he interrupts himself to instead start positioning Tony how he wants him.
“It’s not in what you do but who you are. I’ve seen you fight to get better, fight with yourself, your emotions, your demons. That’s much more difficult than facing the bad guys. Believe me I know,” Tony points out.  “I’ve seen you make mistakes and apologize and try to make amends. I’ve seen you support people through their bad times and now I’m finally seeing you let other people support you through your own. I’m not giving you the shield back because I think you’re nothing without it, I’m giving it to you because even without it you’re everything and that’s why you deserve it.”
He knows, objectively, that there have been other things he’s kept after the snap, Rhodey being the crucial. He even knows there are things he’s gained after the Decimation -Steve and their friendship in a way it didn’t exist before, and the same thing with Bruce and Natasha.
That’s the thing with long-lasting grief you have to carry around with you for a long time: at first it feels monumental and deserving of its own days of remembrance and ceremony, but as it gets to become a part of you it stops having its own special days to instead accompany you during the mundane ones.
the feeling of belongingness has only increased since he and Steve got together after what Natasha has described more than once as, “annoying childlike pining” and Clint has proudly proclaimed as, “disgusting eye-sex and heart-eyes,
It starts with Clint and Natasha, who Steve is still not sure he’s ever seen separated since the Battle of New York.
The conversation goes on after that, Natasha resuming the explanation she was given, and Tony thinks that while adjusting to his new reality is taking time, it’s a relief he gets to share it with these people.
If Steve had any doubts before about where Tony wanted this to go they’ve now been completely vanished.
“Thanks,” he says, because there are no other, actual words to express his awe and gratitude to have them here with him.
It seems like he can’t do anything right, like he’s stuck in a place where every decision he makes can only cause more problems and never bring forth any solutions. If he avoids Steve then he’s hurting him, and hurting their friendship, too. And, being honest with himself, Tony can admit he’s hurting himself too. But if he doesn't avoid Steve he runs the risk of hurting them both in the long run, damaging their friendship as well.
“That was the other day,” Tony says while chewing on the food making Steve pull a mildly disgusted face at him. “Today I wanted to watch something else. Keep up, Buttercup.”
“You’d make a great dad and I’d make a great mom, I think,” Pepper says. “We just haven’t made a great couple in a while, huh?”
Sometimes it’s easy for Tony to forget how far removed from the rest of the world he really is because he lives his entire life surrounded by people like him, people that practically have the fate of the universe in their hands but that don’t have to worry or suffer about the most mundanes of aspects.
Tony helps Steve and Steve helps Tony, but in order to be able to do this they both need to be able to help themselves.
Nebula nods solemnly and with one last glance between Rhodey and Tony she exists the room, door closing silently behind her.
When Steve finally wakes up he does so in a startled manner, his body suddenly shooting up and going rigid in less than a second, like he’s preparing himself for battle already.
And it’s obvious as soon as he takes a clean look at her that she has witnessed his entire interaction with Steve. It’s also obvious that she knows Tony had been lost in their bubble and hadn’t thought they had any audience for it.
He needed time, he needed to be able to look at his armor and see the salvation it has granted him so many times before and not just the failure it had started to represent.
Nebula’s gaze is fixed forward, to where Carol has exited the ship and is now positioning herself under it until they can no longer see her.
Rhodey stays with him through the night, sleeping in the pull-out couch specifically set in the room for situations like this one.
The feeling abates when he receives a text from Steve telling him he’s on his way back to the Compound.
The first two days of Rhodey’s stay are spent in some kind of over-extended sleepover, even if being 49-years-old Tony would never admit out-loud that he thinks of it as being a sleepover.
He sounds groggy and disoriented and his question makes Tony move away from Steve quickly as if he had just been scolded for it. It’s a reflex, an instinct, and Tony immediately feels a flash of guilt. He isn’t sure if it comes from how close to Steve he had been or from how fast he’s moved away from him.
The experience had been unlike anything Tony had ever lived before and, from a scientific standpoint, it was marvelous and terrific to be able to participate in something like that. From a more personal view of things Tony had gotten bored of it after two hours and well into the third one he had realized the conversation was going nowhere and the information this guy had supposedly had on souls and matter had all been useless in the end.
Nebula’s expression sets into a deeper frown obviously brought on by her not understanding the reference but it clears away as she starts moving towards Tony’s bed.
For now, though, although it reigns high in the sky, full and blue and enticing, it’s not succeeding at capturing anyone’s attention in the Avengers Compound living room. Steve and Tony, the only two people in the room at the moment, are too busy bickering and throwing each other popcorn to pay it much attention.
“The day we’ve had?” Tony questions, frowning. His mind is clearing a little bit, the talking and the standing and the mere presence of Steve helping matters.
During his whole speech Steve hasn’t stopped to breathe once and Tony can clearly see he is getting more and more riled up. It’s only because he knows what the beginnings of an anxiety attack look like that he walks over to Steve, without touching him just in case that is not appreciated or it triggers him, and tries to help him along.
Tony’s thumb bumps into Steve’s lips once while moving back and forth and Tony stops the movements to let it rest there for a few seconds.
Steve visibly flinches at Tony’s question but he quickly tries to hide his reaction. Before he can completely shut off Tony moves one of his hands so it covers Steve’s fist where it’s still resting on the table. Tony’s hand is much smaller than Steve’s so Tony brings forth his other hand and cradles Steve’s in both of his.
Steve keeps most of the answers short but truthful and, little by little, he starts relaxing into the talk. Before he knows it his responses get more insightful and prompt both Pepper and Rhodey to make comments, to laugh, to share some of their own experiences in life with him.
Steve and Tony walk to Steve’s room relaxedly and in silence. They’re not in any rush and they're both feeling each and every minute of their day so their steps are short and drowsy.
Tony watches her and she’s standing there, in front of the holo-screens, all of them showing dozens of pictures from people now gone, and he sees in her everything he would have only been able to imagine once upon a time: her tiredness, her weariness, her pain.
They make it outside just as the ramp settles on the ground and Valkyrie starts walking down and heading speedily towards them. She’s almost right next to them when Thor finally appears on top of the ship’s ramp. He’s moving slowly, hesitantly.
It’s like a switch has gone off inside him. Like he’s seeing things clearly now where before he was just trying to walk into a room with his eyes closed and all the lights turned off.
Or more like, dreams and nightmares are one and the same nowadays, his happiness horrific and his fears invigorating somehow.
He really feels in his bones the rightness of the moment, the sheer perfection of the timing. Where before he had been working against all odds he thinks this is the moment he needs to finally get it right.
His thoughts are moving a thousand miles per second, theories and conjectures and plans already taking shape in his head. One persistent thought keeps making itself known, stretching and taking space up in Tony’s brain in full technicolor.
He stands still as he watches Steve’s face color a dark, furious crimson, his shoulders rising almost to his ears and his nostrils flaring. He stands still as Steve bites his tongue to the point where it has to hurt. He stands still as Steve grabs his jacket and slams the door behind him, leaving Tony alone for the night.
“Getting a taste of what me and Steve could have and then watching it all crumble away… I don’t know if I would survive that,” Tony says.
Once, when she’s had a few glasses of wine during dinner, she even tells him a story about Tony in  bed that never fails to make his cheeks flush every time he remembers it.
“Well, good,” Tony says, nodding his head and very obviously trying to make sense of all the conversation they’ve just had. “I’m glad, Cap.”
Steve makes an inquisitive sound at Tony’s comment and Tony lets out a puff of air, a little breathy laugh.
“I remember how much you loved Star Wars,” Tony had said and that had brought a smile to Steve’s face.
“And although I could see how much that hurt you, I understood. I saw it too. I saw that you weren't in a good place and I wanted to help but I think you made the right decision. You made the right call.”
Steve chuckles and Tony bites his lip even though he knows there is no way to hide the big smile that has already overtaken his face.
Steve’s acceptance doesn’t prompt any movement from either of them and two minutes or so go by where they’re both just standing a couple feet apart, looking at the other and then quickly looking away, smiling softly at each other when their eyes lock.
Tony is wearing gray sweatpants that drag to the floor a little and a ratty t-shirt from some band Steve doesn’t recognize, a couple of holes showing the wear and tear of the item. He looks soft and cozy and something in Steve is screaming at him to take the steps that are separating him from Tony and run his fingers through his messy dark hair. He stays frozen in place, though, unable to move his eyes away from Tony’s frame.
“The universe is immense, yes, but they’ve scoured every last bit of it,” Tony reminds him. “I can’t… I physically can’t stop looking for a way to fix this. I think I’ll die if I stop trying. But the chances of finding a way… A solution… An answer… Steve, you didn’t mean to but you’ve made people believe something that isn't true.”
“My fault?” Tony exclaims, a little too loud in the cocoon of stillness they've created for themselves.
After he joined the Avengers he came to the realization that they would have to deal with the exact same things.
Bucky discreetly looked towards Steve and Steve nodded at him and signaled Sam’s position. Bucky then turned his back towards it, and continued moving forwards slowly. Sam seemed to make a decision (the one Steve had expected him to make) and left his hiding place to pursue Bucky.
but the first thing he tells him after two years of absolutely no communication between them isn’t his name.
Steve smiles when he sees that Tony has stopped shedding tears and he pulls his hand away from Tony’s face, drying his thumb on the fabric of his running shorts.
The faceless monsters get closer and closer to him, nipping at his heels, when suddenly they vanish into thin air and Tony finds himself at the Compound. It isn’t the Compound as it is now but the Compound as it used to be: greener, livelier, brighter. Tony walks around the inside of the main Compound buildings for a while, finding that every room is completely empty, only white walls and marble or wooden floors welcoming him in.
From his position, Steve could see Natasha trying to contain her own laughter, her eyes trained on Sam who was still gaping at the hit, prompting even more loud laughter from Bucky.
“There’s something that I…” Tony starts and then backtracks. “Would you mind coming in for a second so I can give you something?”
“Finally,” Steve repeats and dives back into Tony, his right hand cradling Tony’s jaw and his brain only aware of Tony, Tony’s lips, Tony, Tony’s hands and Tony.
“You’re right,” Steve confirms. “Thor still has a place with us and we need to try as best as we can to make him see that. I think he’d benefit from being back here with us, even if just for a while. But if things don’t work… Maybe it’s not such a good idea that you go alone.”
Before he sits down on the couch he gently picks up the sketchbook that’s sitting there and moves it towards a low coffee table next to the sofa. He sits down leaving enough space to his right so that Steve can sit down next to him if he chooses to, but he doesn't verbalize any request or offer to him.
And then The Thing had happened and any possibility of it ever gradually happening had seemed to vanish.
Steve has been holding on so tightly to a loosely balanced rope, a rope that kept rotting no matter how much Steve ignored the signs.
“That what we needed was a suit of armor around the world! Remember that? Whether it impacted our precious freedoms or not, that’s what we needed.”
During this time Tony has only been staring at the wall, unmoving and practically unseeing, and yet so attuned to Steve’s demeanor.
Knowing he’s free to stay silent makes Tony feel at ease but it doesn’t bring back his appetite so he’s left pushing the food on his plate with his fork around as he thinks of how Pepper’s upcoming visit that they have recently scheduled will work.
trying to do better and we want people to keep moving forward. That’s true. But that’s not all you did.”
Family means more when it’s all of them together, especially. When it’s not just one or two of them that Steve and him get to be around, but when it’s all of them sharing time.
Tony’s tongue touches Steve’s bottom lip and he starts tracing it, back and forth and back and forth. His left hand finds the back of Steve’s hands and, tangling his fingers in the short strands of blond hair, he tilts Steve’s head so he can find the perfect angle to slip his tongue inside Steve’s mouth.
Steve picks up his head and looks between Tony and the coffee a couple of times before his gaze stays on Tony.
“It isn't that,” Tony assures him. “I know how you feel about me just like you know how I feel about you.”
Time seems to stop when Steve stops in his tracks, eyes focused intensely on the clothes he’s holding. Tony gulps and braces himself for the question coming,  questions he has yet to find the answers for. But nothing happens as Steve shakes out of his stupor and moves to leave the items perched in one of the armchairs of the room.
The woman gets up then and in an action too fast for Tony to stop, takes his mug and places it into the dishwasher along hers.
Tony smiles and this time, he’s the one taking action and placing his pale hand on top of her blue one, grasping it gently for a few second until he feels her grabbing it back.
And it’s that damn word again and the way in which Steve pronounces it that, as always, convinces Tony to carve his chest wide open and let his heart out for whatever is about to happen.
Tony scoffs as he rolls his eyes and walks further into the kitchen. “I didn’t think you’d need confirmation on that.”
Things aren't working and the amount of effort it takes pretending he doesn't see that, and pretending he doesn’t see that Pepper sees it too, always leaves him feeling depleted by the end of all his interactions with her. And once they’re over, the sadness that grips him when he starts to glimpse the people they’re becoming together is even worse.
Clint’s goofy side sees Steve as a perfect target for his pranks and Steve’s gracefully decided to view that as a compliment. Clint’s serious side sees Steve as a comforting presence when his mind  is spinning way too fast for him, an empathic person, a good shoulder to lean on.
Natasha stands and goes to follow him as he sets path towards Thor’s room but Steve moves quickly and blocks her path.
JARVIS calls the Avengers that are in the Tower to the common floor and in less than five minutes they have almost the entire team together, minus Thor who’s been off in Asgard the past couple of weeks. The reunion isn’t nearly as emotional as it had been between Pepper and Tony or as heart-warming as Rhodey and Tony’s conversation but Steve can see the genuine joy that Natasha, Clint and Bruce feel upon seeing Tony. His “death” had left a bitter taste in all of them, the regret that the first time the Avengers had worked together they had had to lose one of their own before they even got the opportunity to become a team.
His eyes take a while to adjust to the light and he has to blink heavily against the harsh brightness of the room. Without moving his head Tony’s eyes scan around the room and he immediately recognizes that he's in one of the recovery rooms of the Avengers Compound.
Steve’s hands start traveling down Tony’s body, first making their way down Tony’s back and finally settling on Tony’s ass. Steve’s palms cup the entirety of Tony’s ass and Tony feels his cock harden at the observation. Steve starts applying more pressure to his grip, kneading Tony’s ass as he fucks in and out of Tony’s mouth with his tongue, a truly obscene mimicking of the real fucking they haven't gotten around to doing yet.
Tony’s using some of his usual charm and jokes to make light of the situation, but Steve really does understand how complicated it is for Tony to let Steve into his thoughts and his heart.
It’s only two pats to his stomach through his t-shirt but it’s like something’s been ignited inside of Steve, a fire so blazing it consumes him from the inside.
“I don’t know if Sir would have liked it,” JARVIS comments and Steve is convinced JARVIS is trying to tease and make light of the situation. “But I thought it would help you in your situation.”
Pepper rarely talks about the short time she and Tony dated but the few times she does she always talks about it in a positive light. She’s said more than once that her and Tony weren't meant to last but never does she once blame the break up on him.
He’s standing close to Steve, so close he can see his Adam’s apple move when Steve swallows heavily.
Since then he’s only been abroad when he was picking up all kinds of SHIELD ops and the same kind of problem arose: no time to enjoy the different countries he’d been stationed in, no desire to walk aimlessly through streets that reminded him he was in a strange world he hadn’t yet grown accustomed to, no people he felt close enough to to ask them to accompany him.
Steve’s and Tony’s first kiss happens in the most normal and at the same time most unsuspecting of times and places. It happens in the workshop.
“C’mon, Winghead, you can do better than that!” Tony teases as he blasts his repulsors and moves to the other side of the training course he specifically designed for them.
Steve breaks the lock their gazes had been in and now it’s his turn to look out the window as Tony speaks.
His hands shake for some of that old comfort but his steps don’t take him to any sort of alcohol, not that he even knows how much of it they keep around nowadays.
Their steps are taking them through the trees and across a clearing that Tony knows looks radiant during the spring. He came up here often the months after Siberia, when Pepper and him were still on the outs and he was working non-stop on permanent and successful solutions to Rhodey’s paralysis.
It’s a patient kiss, slow in its tentativeness. Steve’s lips are a little dry against Tony’s but they feel  nice, nevertheless. Tony has his eyes closed, willing all of his attention towards each of his mouth’s nerve endings.
They’re in Tony’s workshop, Steve sitting down in the couch that Tony bought specifically for the times Steve goes down there to sketch or read in Tony’s presence, and Tony is standing by his workbench not actually working anymore, just moving around holograms and zooming in and out of pictures, clearly just trying to avoid talking to Steve.
He’s not sure how long ago it happened but there are no more breathing sounds in the room but his own regulated ones now.
“Let’s go,” Tony says. “I don't want to admit it but Rhodey might be right. This might be the birthday that has made me too old for all this.”
“Are you sure it is a definite no?” Tony asks her. He’s well too acquainted with ending things that aren't meant to be over.
“I’m sorry I made avoiding me so much more difficult, Tony,” Steve says and then clicks his jaw together once again.
Steve rolls his eyes fondly and, if Tony were here, he would scoff out-loud at Tony’s ridiculousness.
It’s a simple confirmation, something that Tony knew but he needed to fully and wholly accept inside him. The minute he does the pain that had settled hard on his stomach lessens. It doesn’t disappear completely but it dissipates enough that it leaves space for other feelings in its place.
Tony takes a deep breathe and bites his bottom lip right in the middle of it as he holds the air inside his lungs for as long as he can.
for movie nights at odd hours after another aborted super-villain attempt at conquering the world, for marathons of Mario Kart tournaments that make for great laughs when Bruce kicks all of their asses. He thrives when they can just
“You should have joined me,” Thor says, his voice gruff. He’s obviously trying to make light of the situation but Tony’s face must be so stony that the lightness of Thor’s own expression rapidly dissolves.
Steve presses his cellphone closer to his ear and the side of his face and he closes his eyes tightly, losing himself in the sound of Tony’s voice as his boyfriend rambles on about how the idea for sexting came to him and how next time he expects pictures and how practice will make them perfect at even this kind of sex.
“He spends his days drinking and not doing much else. At least I’m a helpful drinker at the moment,” Valkyrie says and Tony respects her self-awareness greatly. “He won’t want to leave Asgard and its people but he can’t do anything for us in the state he’s in.”
Thor’s voice is, unsurprisingly, the loudest. It echoes through the whole living room and startles Tony the most. The rest of the voices mix and blend together, more harmonious than strident.
Rhodey’s soft snores settle something inside Tony he didn’t even know was restless before but he still sleeps fitfully, waking up intermittently and simply staring straight ahead, his mind working in circles through the same images, the same phrases, the same moments of his life.
The screen of Steve’s Stark Phone -an older model that Tony himself gifted Steve a couple of years ago- is still illuminated and Tony takes notice of the default picture Steve has set as his lock-screen, something impersonal and cold.
Tony arrived at the Compound almost an hour and a half ago, his suit a lot faster than the jet the Avengers had travelled in, especially at the speed Tony was pushing it despite FRIDAY’s warnings. He just needed to make it home and the faster he arrived the more time alone he could have, he had reasoned.
“I love you too,” Tony says, his words being breathed on Steve’s lips because of how close their faces still are.
That’s how his days pass, one after the other, then calendar only relatively important but not really marking any significant changes or events.
There is some unmistakable resignation in him, though. Resignation about the fact that this is now the life he’s got to live, that these are the cards he’s been dealt. There’s never peace in his life, just a mockery of it, just like it feels like there is never justice. He never wins and maybe that’s karma or some bullshit like that but what about the others who lose with him? They deserve so much better and they’re never granted their break.
It’s Steve and him, of course. But it’s Steve and him getting to be together in the Compound, surrounded by their people almost every day.
“I was just saying that I’m going to visit Thor soon. Next week, in fact.” Bruce’s voice is shaking and Tony suddenly understands the mood that has settled over the table.
“I appreciate everything you’re saying. It means more than I can possibly say. But this isn’t about my guilt or my self-blame,” Tony clarifies. “Believe me, I am working on that. I want to talk about how you’re feeling. I want you to explain to me what you’re thinking.”
“I don’t think it’d go over well if we all tried to talk to him,” Natasha points out. “That’s almost as bad as letting Valkyrie run away now.”
The desire -almost need- to fix things still looms over all of them but they’re not killing themselves in the pursuit of it any longer and Tony has learned that that is a huge step.
This is not how it’s supposed to be like. If there’s a light this isn’t supposed to be how it feels. He fell asleep and the light was supposed to take him but he’s now awake.
They end up ordering the same things they had ordered before the battle that they never got to it and Steve stomach rumbles as soon as JARVIS informs them the order has been placed. It makes Tony laugh and Steve follows.
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, halfway between sitting and standing, like he wants to be closer to Tony but he doesn't want to impose.
Now when he looks at pictures -both the ones from his past and the ones of the present that’s paving his future- the first thing he feels is relieved. Relieved that he can remember the people he once lost in a positive light as they deserve. Relieved that he’s been able to create new memories that he will one day feel nostalgic about too, but that will mean he has spent a life well-lived.
Things click so easily nowadays between Pepper, Rhodey, Tony and Steve that thinking about their first lunch together and the way things were so out of sync feels almost like thinking of another life.
When Tony wakes up in the morning, FRIDAY gradually letting in more sunlight from the outside through the windows, Pepper has already left and the engagement ring she had been wearing on her finger for over a year has been placed on the nightstand on her side of the bed.
The sadness from before is still there but some of it gets muted by the gratification of Nebula confessing this, of her keeping him in her thoughts still.
He doesn’t know if Rhodey is still breathing, if he’s still commanding the attention of every single person that surrounds him with the simple act of being him. If he will fight to create a memorial for Tony. Rhodey, the only person who has always seen him as a hero, even long before he was Iron Man. Should Tony be happy he’s safe? Or should he be mourning his best friend during these last few moments of his life?
“Can you at least promise us that you’ll keep us updated as much as you can?” Natasha pleads. “And that if you need one of us to go there you will ask?”
When Tony makes it back to the Avengers Compound it’s obvious that while he passes Thor every once in a while in the common areas his presence follows that of Clint: two phantoms, not quite people anymore, not quite ready to continue on with their lives.
Although Tony’s tone was anything but humorous Steve cracks a little smile. Tony can read bitterness in it but nothing else and although he tries to decipher it further it leaves Steve’s face before Tony can make out anymore more concrete about it.
still Captain America, even out of the suit. Even without the shield. That doesn’t mean you have to go charging back into battle. Not any single one of them,” Tony says and he wills Steve not to move his eyes away from his. He needs him to see, to understand that Tony means every single word of this.
Feeling his every muscle protest at simply standing up, Tony concedes to the point and goes to move to the bed.
Tony’s 48th birthday falls on a Friday and the Avengers, enlisting Pepper’s and Rhodey’s help, have been planning it for the past month. There’s not a single thing that has been left to chance:  the venue is booked, the catering services too, the DJ already has their playlist preferences, the invitations have been sent out and Natasha has been helping everyone pick out their presents for Tony because she didn’t trust them by themselves.
Tony’s been away for four days and this is the most perfect welcome home he could have ever asked for. He honestly didn’t think four days away would hit him as hard as they did but the situation proved him wrong quickly.
The last of Steve’s strength seems to finally leave him and his arms and his head fall forward, meeting Tony’s stomach, where they make a home for themselves, burrowing into the sheet that covers Tony. Tony can feel the vibrations of Steve’s cries against his body and he imagines he can also feel the puffs of air leaving Steve’s mouth as he continues echoing his name.
“It’s true!” she concedes as she continues laughing and makes Rhodey joins her too. “He totally would have!”
“It’s not so much that we were missing Tony,” Natasha tells him after one of the sparring sessions they’ve been recently scheduling just between the two of them. “Although I do think we’re better now that we have him back.”
He knows he’s not perfect and he knows his list of flaws would be considerable if he were to write them all down but he’s learnt that it’s not so important to be flawless. It’s a lot more valuable to learn from ones mistakes and defects, to let them shape you into a better person. You need to be aware of those little imperfections to keep humble and human, because the moment you think yourself faultless is the moment you lose most of your humanity.
Because through everything they’ve been through that’s the one constant that hasn’t changed. No matter where they end up, no matter how they end, that’s the one constant that will keep.
When the time comes to talk about Peter Tony has to stop and his not talking creates a silence that stretches far beyond the recovery room. It reaches Tony’s heart, and he can feel it arriving in Queens, back where he first met the kid. He can almost see it traveling to every single place Peter ever touched and he can imagine it surrounding every person that has ever loved Peter like he has. And then it hits him for the first time.
Hours later or days later or years later, the room’s door opens and the lights turn on, notifying Tony of Steve’s arrival.
“Wait,” Steve takes hold of one of Tony’s arms, stoping his movements. “You can’t go to sleep covered in grease, Tony. Let’s take these clothes off of you.”
Everything is far from solved for Steve but perhaps he’s been looking for answers in all the wrong places.
Thanksgiving hadn’t even been mentioned once between the four inhabitants of the Compound, and as far as Tony’s aware, it was also largely ignored by the rest of the population of the States. It had been perhaps too soon for a holiday centered around finding things to be grateful for or maybe this is a new normal in the world they live in, where Thanksgiving will never make sense again until they find a way to give the world the one thing they would feel grateful for.
Slowly but surely Nebula reaches across the table between them and takes his hand, shaking it firmly once, twice, and then letting go.
“I have a feeling that after what you went through Tony would have wanted to keep all of you, the Avengers, close together,” she says. “I guess with him gone… I want to keep you close to me, in a way.”
“He thought he was a bad boyfriend but he wasn’t,” Pepper proclaims. “Just because we didn’t work out doesn't mean someone wouldn't have been very lucky to have ended up with him.”
Tony is looking at Steve, his eyes roaming through his face now that Steve seems to be too occupied to look at him strangely for studying him in so much detail. There’s a small frown set in-between Steve’s eyebrows and for some reason this one small detail is what prompts Tony to say something he’s been afraid of saying for quite some time now.
“You can’t feel guilty about this. I know how much you work every day to change the way things are. I know how much it means to you,” Steve says. “This isn’t your fault. If…If we can’t reverse the snap… If we can’t fix the Decimation… I won’t let you think you failed at this.”
Tony’s hand has fallen from Steve’s head due to his sudden movement and is now resting limply on the bed. Only the change in position has him noticing the tingling sensation that runs from his shoulder to his fingers, his arm asleep from having been bent the same way for a long period of time.
The sight that greets him as soon as he arrives is highly familiar and very similar to the one he had been staring at only hours ago during the memorial.
When he got out of the ice he would spend days trapped in his own mind, unable to escape the  feelings of misery and guilt as face after face of all of the loved ones he had lost got stuck in the back of his eyelids. He never normally sought old photographs or videos but sometimes they would still find themselves in his hands. Watching his friends’ still faces looking back at him from their places in the paper would be worse than just imagining them in his mind, as if in his head he could pretend they’d always been fragments of his imagination but the photos corroborated their existence and Steve’s loss.
Steve doesn’t say anything else after that, doesn’t offer any kind of explanation about his unexpected presence or his demeanor.
Slowly, Steve reaches over and places his right hand right on the middle of the shield, over the star.
Steve clears his throat but he doesn’t follow that with a question or comment. Tony keeps looking forward, his eyes now lost on the few ripples and moves of the lake water.
Steve bit his lip and slowly removed his glove from his right hand. He looked Tony in the eye and saw Tony lightly frown in confusion. Swallowing and fighting down his nerves, Steve reached for Tony’s face, running his thumb through Tony’s slightly damp cheek, reddened by the force of the snowball impact. Tony’s frown softened and he closed his eyes for a second, his long lashes delicate over the top of his cheeks.
This time his walk has a more measured pace but eventually the delay has to end and he’s walking back into the living room where Steve is waiting, now stood up again, his hands inside his sweatpants’ pockets and his shoulder squared up as if ready for a fight.
Tony can’t see if Steve’s eyes are opened or closed but it wouldn’t matter anyway because from his position he can’t tell Tony is now directly looking at him and Tony guesses that’s why he keeps weeping loudly.
There is no grand entrance, no over-the-top greeting, just his best friends enveloping him in a hug one by one and smiling happily at him as they wish him a happy birthday. They share breakfast together, all having a piece of some matcha cake that Natasha has been obsessed with lately and that Tony immediately loses his mind over.
Steve nods and, from the corner of his eye, he sees a couple walking arm in arm to where the three of them are. Miss Potts spots them too and she stands a little taller as soon as she does confirming Steve’s suspicions that these people are now approaching them and that they are obviously an important part of the duties Miss Potts and Colonel Rhodes have to assume today.
There’s an exhaling noise next that lasts just as long as the inhaling one had and then the noises repeat as JARVIS says, “Again.”
“You think that I wore Steve’s clothes on purpose?” Tony wonders. “I have enough clothes that are mine, thank you very much.”
“I don’t even know what you’re complaining about,” Steve says as he inserts the Blu-Ray into the player and presses the button to close it. “You were the one who said you wanted to watch this movie the other day.”
On days when they fight -because no matter what they’re Steve and Tony and they would fight their own shadows if there was a way to do so- Tony calls him bull-headed, self-righteous, a perfectionist, a hypocrite and a million other names. He always, always apologizes after. Some times it takes him hours and other times it takes him days; some times it’s a straight-forward apology and other times it’s laced in so many embellishments and sarcastic quips that Steve has to decipher it. But Tony always apologizes.
“I know, I know,” Steve agrees. “I think if only the Accords business had been going on things could have gone very differently. I would have listened to you, I swear. And I think you would have listened to me too.”
It’s good they’re making a future for themselves instead of just working to make it happen for other people.
“We could be so good, we really could. I’d love the opportunity to show you that,” Steve says. “I’d love to prove that I’m not just delusional for all this I just told you. I don’t believe in things like fate but I think I found you for a reason. I needed a reason to live and not just exist in the 21st century and you gave me that, even if I thought you were dead at the time. And it’s only gotten stronger since I really got you.”
The paper starts giving away easily and Tony feels badly about ripping into it so much instead of unwrapping the gift carefully but Steve doesn't look concerned so he keeps going.
“God, Tony,” Steve says as his eyes stay focused on Tony’s mouth. “I’ve been dreaming of this for so long. Can I eat you out?”
It’s like standing in the middle of a meadow with the bright sun shining overhead and suddenly being plowed into darkness, thrown in the middle of the sea during a raging storm. It’s knowing how to swim but being unable to, the waves crashing too hard and pulling and pulling and pulling everything to the bottom of the ocean.
He no longer bends and shapes himself to take as little space as possible in 2012, he stands tall and proud, making his own mark into the world, creating new opinions and choosing favorites and even criticizing the things he hates, not out of bitterness or resentment but a desire to do better.
The sun hits its zenith like that. And then, the sun starts lowering down the horizon like that. And finally, the sun sets like that. And Tony stays in bed, silent, paralyzed, lost in thoughts that never stay in his head long enough but never leave as quickly as he’d like them to.
The room is quiet and it is spinning and through his confusion, still holding on to Steve’s hand Tony says, “You take this and you find him. You put that on and then you hide…”
His left hand reaches inside the broken part of the helmet and blindly feels for the button he’s searching for. It only takes a few seconds and as he presses it a blue scanner light comes from one of the eye plates, moving through Tony’s body and lightly blinking once, signaling that a recording is being made.
He drags Tony’s ass towards him, separating Tony’s legs further and elevating Tony’s lower body from the mattress a bit. The display of strength gives Tony butterflies but he quickly forgets about them as soon as Steve’s mouth touches his ass. The first touch is just a kiss on Tony’s hole, making Tony reflexively flutter it. Steve raises his eyes to look into Tony’s and he sends him a smile before diving into it completely.
When he walks out of the closet and into the bedroom already dressed, Tony finds Steve in the process of waking up.
During those three days he keeps checking and monitoring Tony while Natasha flints in and out of the room, sometimes staying long hours and sometimes just popping in for a minute to get a reassuring look at Tony and then leave.
Pepper and Rhodey both find in him a person with whom to share everything and anything they miss about Tony. Every little anecdote, every song that reminds them of him, the remembrance of first meetings, the regrets of what they could have done better, the missed opportunities, the hurt.
Nebula has moved her gaze back to the vast space in front of them and Tony takes that as a cue to do the same.
Steve gets a missed call to his cell phone from a number he doesn’t have saved and when he asks JARVIS if he can find out who it was JARVIS tells him, “That’s Sir’s mobile number, Captain.”
“I think I’m afraid. And happy. Sometimes I’m afraid of how happy I am and other times I’m afraid of how unhappy I’ll be if things get fucked again,” Tony explains.
“I’m supposed to be the old one here, Steve,” Tony says as he tops up their mugs. “And yet I woke up before you and don’t look like I got into a fight with my pillows and sheets.”
He wakes up but he doesn’t open his eyes, just listens to unidentifiable loud noises that could be voices or could be dreams. He somehow knows he’s alone in the room.
Pepper’s eyes seem to focus and they move abruptly to his trapping him in the blue of her gaze. Her eyes are filled with sorrow and Steve can understand the feeling perfectly, being well-versed in it himself.
Steve nods as he pads closer to the coffee maker and serves himself a cup of coffee. He takes the milk carton that Tony left on the counter and shakes it to see how much is still left. He empties it in his mug and he carefully breaks it and folds it before throwing it in its respective trash can. He opens the cupboard where the sugar is usually kept but he doesn't find it there. Tony holds it up for him to see when his eyes start searching the kitchen.
“You mean about the break up, right?” Tony enquires, wanting to make sure that’s what Steve really is asking.
He walks over to his walk-in closet, directly to the place where he knows it is. It’s easy to find, being practically in the middle of the room. It’s one of the first things he sees each morning as he walks inside every day to change clothes.
It’s on his mind when he spends time with Natasha before they go to bed and Clint joins them for a while. He thinks of Steve sitting next to him, tucking him in with an arm around his shoulder, pulling him close until no air fits between their bodies.
But she tells them Steve and her decided to attend some of the memorials being held that night and by sharing a single glance Bruce and Tony both know neither of them are up for that much yet.
The walk towards the outside feels like hours but Tony knows it really only takes seconds as he hears the ramp finally extend entirely.
Pepper’s standing barefoot now and she moves around the couch to sit next to Steve and place her hand on his knee.
He’s not conscious of having matched his breathing to the recording until JARVIS praises him for it with a soft, “Good, Captain. Keep going.”
Steve spends more than 10 seconds looking intently at it, his eyes taking it in as if he had somehow forgotten its shape or it colors even though Tony knows that’s impossible for Steve.
As time goes by and the Thor situation gets no closer to being resolved, Bruce, and in turn Natasha, start growing restless and a little snappish.
When it’s Steve’s turn to take a chunk of ice cream Tony pulls his spoon away, imitating Steve and bringing it over to his chest. That’s how they eat the ice cream for the next few minutes, taking turns and eyeing each other carefully and suspiciously, waiting for the other to make a sudden move.
“Love didn’t save us but loving each other is what kept us from burning to the ground in the end. So maybe, in a way, love did save us. Just not in the way I once hoped it would.”
Without any hesitation Tony takes to the sky, leaving the memorial and Steve’s words behind but not being able to get rid of the sinking feeling ingrained inside him.
“It’s nice to meet you.” Tony said when the handshake ended. It had probably lasted a little too long to be considered casual. “I’ve heard a lot about you.”
Steve turns around from where he was making his way to the door again and he looks at Tony for a few seconds without saying anything. He puts on a smile but it’s tight around the edges.
He just wants to try and minimize the damage he’s doing to himself. He wants to try to come to terms with who he is -one Steve or the other or maybe both or none at all- and he wants to be able to finally feel completely happy that Tony is back. Because now he is but he feels like he can’t focus on it.
Pepper arrives at Avengers Compound really late at night on a Saturday, almost at 5AM in the morning, an emergency meeting having postponed her leaving Malibu by almost three hours.
Steve’s talking about his USO days a little nostalgically but with humor in his voice and he’s making Pepper giggle with some of his comments. Rhodey is nodding along as he devours his second piece of cheesecake and even the corners of his lips curl up from time to time as Steve speaks.
Tony moves his body to get in a more comfortable position. He kneels and rests all his weight on his calfs and then extends his arms to take one of Steve’s hands in his own. Lowering his head slowly, Tony brings his lips to the back of Steve’s hand and places a delicate kiss on it. He separates but Steve can still feel tingles on his skin.
Pepper nods and she smiles sadly at him, “I sometimes forget that you’re not half bad at the business thing, either.”
The other part of him, the bigger part of him, has been reshaped and reborn since coming back from space and having had to live in a world reshaped and reborn too. The way he blew up at Steve had been satisfactory and necessary for Tony’s own peace of mind but it had also been fueled by the feeling of desperation inside him and the knowledge that if there was anyone in the world he could make the target of his hate that would be Steve, who’d rise to the bait and kick back at him.
Steve smiles again and this time it’s a little less tainted with sorrow and a little more delicate in its happiness.
Pepper and Rhodey both accept his apologies but Steve can tell that while Pepper’s smile is completely genuine and that where they’re both concerned everything’s okay, it will take a little longer to get things back to what they were with the Colonel. Steve is fine with having to put in the work for it.
Tony frowns as Bruce points towards one of the water bottles Tony had brought outside with him. Tony nods, signaling it’s okay for Bruce to pick it up and drink.
It feels stupid to think about but if there could have been one person to fit every single one of those impossible things it would have been Tony.
For now, however, Steve just can’t stop thinking about coming back home and doing things the old fashioned way: him and Tony, face to face, skin to skin, giving themselves away to the other’s pleasure.
By the time he’s stepping out into clear air for the first time in over 20 days Nebula is the one supporting his weight entirely and he feels a burst of energy corse through his veins as the cool night air slams into his face.
But, even if they ended with Maria ruffling his hair and kissing him goodnight, those were the bad days for Tony.
Tony stops walking only when they reach his bedroom door, and Steve halts to a stop beside him, their hands hanging between them, still intertwined.
The anger, the hurt, the disappointment and the sadness he feels towards Steve did nothing to prevent that in the end. There was no real usefulness to them in the end and Tony is ready to let them go but he can’t do that if Steve doesn’t start the conversation.
There’s nothing really that sets that night apart from any others. Steve goes through a normal morning, and then a normal afternoon, and a normal evening passes too. There are no signs or hints about what is awaiting for him as soon as he tries to lay down to sleep.
“You can stay and eat with me if you want,” Tony offers. “I ordered enough even for the company of a super-soldier.”
The thin, transparent sheet drops completely and finally it’s just Steve and Tony, nothing in-between them.
The elevator comes just five seconds after Rhodey presses the button to call it and they walk inside. Rhodey is the one who calls upon JARVIS and he doesn’t need to consult Pepper or Steve before instructing him to take them to Pepper’s floor. This has become a routine for them by now, reconvening in Pepper’s floor for dinner, or a drink, or simply to greet each other when they all have a minute.
Tony opens his mouth to reply but he can’t seem to find the right words to explain. He backpedals twice after starting a sentence before shaking his head and sighing. Steve shakes his head back at him and with quiet defeat driving his limbs, he walks towards the couch and sits next to Tony. There are at least four inches between them but Tony feels Steve as if their whole bodies were pressed together. He also feels as if Steve’s was the furthest away from his that it’s been in the past year.
Perhaps it’s Tony’s own literal tiredness making him a little delirious but Tony can’t contain the laugh that escapes his lips at Steve’s words.
He’s at the bottom of the ocean and he has no oxygen tank, no strength left to swim back to the surface. There is no rescue boat coming for him. In fact. no one knows he’s there in the first place.
“Asshole.” The insult and slap to his shoulder make Steve laugh loudly while Tony turns around again in the V of Steve’s legs and crosses his arms in front of him.
“Okay, strategy.” Bucky agreed. He pointed at Steve with his index finger. “You’re better at it so… What’s the plan, Captain?”
She shakes her head. “I should have known. It’s not like we’ve had a lot of time to pick things up. It just felt nice to think that maybe this was the one thing we would get to keep.”
Even though Steve’s strides are lengthier than Tony’s he’s the one having to speed up to catch up as Tony heads outside.
Tony rips his gaze away from Steve’s and looks down at their connected hands. For a long minute he focuses on the difference in size. Tony doesn't have small hands but compared to Steve’s they feel like so. His hands look rougher, however, more beat-down and battered. Steve’s hand looks almost delicate in comparison.
Her voice comes from somewhere to Tony’s right and Tony turns in Steve’s grip towards that sound, like a lighthouse is showing him his way back to shore.
Tony frowns at the idea but he’s learned to trust his gut so he separates his back from Steve’s bedroom door and starts walking with a destination in mind again.
Steve sighs and he shakes his head before continuing and Tony hadn’t realized before but his fingers are nervously twitching where his hands rest on his lap.
“Shit!” Tony yells, his heart lurching suddenly in his chest. The jumpy movement of his body destabilizes the tablet and it falls to the floor as Tony brings his hands to his chest, trying to calm his breathing. “Steve, what the hell? I think I’m having a heart attack, you lunatic!”
Tony loses consciousness before he can ask if that apology is meant only for today or if it covers any past indiscretions.
He nods his head at her as a goodbye and starts walking towards the elevator that will take him to his private floors but he abruptly stops in the middle of the foyer when he hears Pepper call out his name again.
Tony sinks back down onto the couch and Steve’s hand moves away from his body, leaving them not touching once again.
Tony would recognize that voice anywhere and it relaxes him enough to settle back into the bed. He only has time to notice that this time he’s completely laid down and tucked in before he falls asleep again.
He doesn’t have to mention his constant over-thinking and worrying of reversing the effects of the Decimation for Steve to know he’s thinking about it.
It had been a sweet and fun picture with Peter and Tony holding the trophy upside down, big smiles on both their faces and a look of utter pride coloring Tony’s expression.
Tony has been trying with all of his might not to think of the situation but soon, the situation is all he can really think about.
He nudges Tony’s legs open a little wider so he can fit his upper body between them and he lowers his face towards Tony’s chest. His kisses first are slow and exploring, his tongue coming out to lick some of Tony’s scars or moles. He takes his time making his way down Tony’s sternum, tracing a pattern that Tony quickly recognizes as the arc reactor if the arc reactor was something that Tony still had incrusted in his chest.
Steve asks himself as he goes through one of the books on PTSD and anxiety that JARVIS recommended him.
Most of the good times happen when both of them are believing that the desire to fit together romantically can overpower anything else in the world. The great times happen when they’re both trying to prove that love, because they’ve got so much of it for each other, can truly conquer everything. The bad times then arise when they have to once again admit the truth of it all: love is not enough, or at least -and this is even more painful to recognize- their love isn’t.
Pepper, Rhodey and Tony had been, for some time after Tony’s return, as inseparable as they had been reluctant with each other. Steve could only guess Pepper and Rhodey had felt afraid to really believe Tony was back, like they believed if they finally came to terms with it Tony would fade out of existence right in front of their eyes. Tony had confessed to Steve that he had felt guilty for the suffering he had put his best friends through once again, even if he rationally knew it hadn't been his fault and there was nothing he could have done about it.
Tony does turn the temperature hotter until the steam fogs the sliding glass doors. The mirror also starts quickly fogging up as Tony takes his time undressing and walking in.
Tony finishes the bottle entirely and hands it back to Steve so he can throw it away. Steve then opens the mini fridge once again and takes out a couple more water bottles, this time walking over to the side of the bed with the chair and placing them in the nightstand there, sitting down as soon as he’s done so.
Holidays, birthdays, anniversaries and any and every kind of special occasion haven’t found their place yet in the world they’re all now living in.
The drawing in question is not, in fact, that great. To be honest, Steve isn’t even sure what it’s supposed to represent. Dummy himself? An elephant? The arrangement of gray matter in a pretty unhealthy brain? Anything could go for the shapeless doodles Steve’s looking at in the piece of paper Dummy has just handed him.
Tony meets Rhodey outside, before he can even take one step towards the residence building, He’s just exiting the Air Force plane that has touched down at Avengers Compound to bring him to New York when he spots Tony and he grins delightfully. Tony doesn't run to meet him halfway but he doesn’t exactly walk either.
Steve gets more serious again when he says, “I would have enjoyed the opportunity to be with him like this. Would have loved it if it could have been the four of us, you know? Us three and Tony.”
This time it’s Tony who shakes his head and points towards the kitchen island. “Just sit down. I’ve got it.”
That must have been terribly difficult for Natasha. That might have even been the last straw for her capacity to ignore the situation.
He’s got his head turned to the right and the entire left side of his face hidden by the pillow but he still manages to give her a small smile goodbye.
Tony’s sure that if his birthday had passed during a time where he could have been conscious enough to be aware of it he would have asked the same thing but luckily -as weird as it may be to say- he spent May 29th mostly sleeping the exhaustion and the damage of his trip to space away.
It happened at the Compound when Steve’s birthday came around and he, very gently but also extremely firmly, asked them to not say anything about it. The world had seemed to agree with him when a normally very festive 4th of July became a subdued event all over the country. There were certainly events trying to install hope and joy in people but they were small definitely very nostalgic. There were no fireworks that Tony saw the whole day and he was grateful for that.
He does, feeling grateful for the way the water eases the dryness away but still feeling chocked up.
Because if there’s one thing Bruce and him are going to try is to solve this with science. They might have both accidentally become superheroes during their unfortunate lives but they’re still first and foremost scientists. They couldn’t win this or solve this by calling upon their powers so they might have to use their knowledge.
Tony pretends to think about it, tapping his spoon against his lips for a few seconds. “Fine. But only because I really, really want more ice cream.”
Steve not knowing about it has kept Tony up at night, has got him thinking in a million different directions at once because he’s not entirely sure how he should feel about it: does it mean Steve doesn’t pay that much attention to him? Or that he finds it so normal that Tony would wear his clothes that he hasn’t even picked it up as something new or unexpected? Should Tony be glad that he can avoid awkward conversations about it?
The difference in food is also something that still astounds him and he finds himself overwhelmed with choices and flavors.
He doesn't need to ask FRIDAY for the time because only turning his head a bit to the left puts the alarm clock on one of the bedside tables in his field of vision. Tony squints a little as he looks at it.
Nebula nods and her face goes back to that blank look of concentration as she starts rearranging her body in a wider stance while positioning her hands in the shape Tony taught her 8 days into their trip, when boredom was getting to be too much for both of them.
And Tony doesn’t doubt it for a second, that these three people truly just want whatever it is that will make him the happiest and that they will support him through it all.
“How does life go on without them? How do we help the people that are still here to create a new future?” Tony pauses and he takes a breathe.
Rhodey stands from his position at the workshop table where Tony and him had just been playing around with a couple personal and idle projects. He walks over to Natasha and opens his arms to pull her into a hug.
No one has even had time to leave the living room, not even Valkyrie even though she looks ready to bolt at any minute.
The tears aren’t just about that, but Tony finds that having an excuse for them is better than admitting the real deal.
Steve hasn’t moved his hand away from Tony’s head so this time he does use it to bring Tony’s face closer to his own, capturing Tony’s bottom lip between his lips, tugging lightly at it and then letting it go. He repeats the movement again, invigorated by the sound of Tony’s pants.
“So I’m sorry,” Tony states. “I’m sorry for attacking you and Barnes, I’m sorry we didn't have more times to discuss the Accords, I’m sorry that we didn’t speak in more than two years, I’m sorry that I made you feel like I was more on the Accords’ side than on your side when I just wanted to be on
Steve shakes his head against the pillow. “It’s okay. I didn’t want to be alone and I wasn’t. You were there.”
“Look, guys,” he says. “I know maybe this won’t work, okay? I don’t even know what I should be trying to make work. Do I want him to come back? Do I want him to at least call us? I don’t know.”
By now they’ve learnt how to perform the dance around each other perfectly and it takes them only a couple minutes to pick up the cutlery and dishes, put them in the dishwasher, store any leftovers there have been on the fridge and clean the table. They’re doing it in a comfortable silence today and Natasha grazes Tony’s elbow lightly when they finish.
Steve simply looks at him and Tony bites his bottom lip, shaking his head a little. It’s incredible to see, actually, how even though Steve is the angriest Tony has seen him in months, he seems to have all this unlimited patience for him.
But the first time Steve tells Tony he loves him is one that Tony will carry with him for the rest of his life. He won’t need to keep count of how many days pass after, because his brain will always automatically know. He won’t need to celebrate it months and years later because the celebration will already be happening in the tingling of his fingers and the warmth in his chest.
Before, when Clint had taken it upon himself to start some sort of vigilante justice crusade. Before when he was Ronin.
Steve and Tony are standing on opposites ends of the table, maybe three feet of distance between them but it feels like they’re standing closer than ever and yet a thousand miles apart.
“I don’t know,” Steve confesses and he looks surprised by his lack of concrete response. “There’s so many things to talk about.”
Because of these thoughts and the anguish they leave him with, Tony has not been participating into the conversations going on around him during this meal. If asked he wouldn't be able to name any of the topics Steve, Natasha and Bruce have been discussing for the past half hour at the table, but he knows his friends don’t fault him for it. They’re familiar with each other’s moods by now and they’re pros at giving each other the things they need, like space in his case now.
That is not the question Tony was expecting but he thinks it maybe makes sense that this is how Pepper wants to start the conversation.
Steve takes a couple more steps into the room and he notices Tony sitting on the feet of the bed. His entire face lights up and Tony can’t fathom a day when Steve’s smiles don’t wake up something magical inside him, something he never even thought he had before.
Peter’s excitement hadn’t left him for all the duration of his walk with Tony through the streets of Queens. Dressed in the first Spider-Man suit Tony had ever designed for him, Peter had bounced and trotted and jumped and even swung from his spider-webs while talking non-stop to Tony.
It could be seen as weird or backwards that Tony is the one thanking Steve for something he has given him but it’s obvious that Steve understands Tony’s words.
Even after his heart rate has slowed down and his limbs have stopped tingling, Tony feels off-kilter and depleted. Sometimes this still happens, this feeling of emptiness that fills his chest, this all-consuming nothingness that nests deep in his veins. It’s been like this on-and-off for years, for decades, really.
Steve and Tony share a short but intense look of confusion between them but neither of them say anything and they just wait for Natasha to speak.
“Are you going to miss me, Smurfette?” he teases and without looking at him Tony hears Rhodey choke down a laugh.
Tony can’t unsee it now, it’s everything he can focus his attention on. It’s maddeningly distracting.
Tony’s voice sounds soft and hesitant like Steve would ever be able to tell him no, like he would ever pass the opportunity to spend more time with Tony when the man himself is offering it.
They’re rowdy, and excitable, and fun, and sweet and Steve feels his chest bursting with fondness every time he goes down to visit them to what would have been Tony’s workshop at the Tower had he had time to actually live here.
She stretches with her laptop in one hand and her back cracks, making Rhodey wince a little despite the fact that he had just done the same only seconds before.
“We will do better next time,” Steve says decidedly, his eyes reflecting all of his conviction. “If you have a bad day, or if I do, or if we both do. We’ll talk more and better. We’ll listen more and better.”
The conversation halts then. Steve is looking away from Tony, his gaze fixed on the white floor tiles. Tony gives him time, seeing clearly that he is deep in thought.
They both lost one of their best friends and Steve wouldn’t wish that kind of grief on anyone in the world but he feels envious because, in the end, they can share their pain with each other. Meanwhile, Steve’s all alone.
The door is closed and Tony turns his back to it, trying to rest casually against it. His air of nonchalance doesn't appear to fool Steve, however, who doesn't comment on it but does raise an inquisitive eyebrow.
Tony’s hands ball into fists and he needs to start focusing on keeping his breathing regular. Bruce, who is next to him, whispers Tony’s name under his breath as he looks subtly at him, not losing his solemn position.
It’s not as raw and devastating as his breakdown when Tony finally broke the truth to him, but even then there was something unsettling about the way Steve was tiptoeing around his words and actions.
Taking his right hand out of his pocket Steve brings it over to the top of his head and makes a few abortive movements as if he wants to run it through his hair or touch the back of his neck or scratch at his chin, before lowering it again and putting it back into the pocket.
He just hopes Nebula will forgive him for leaving her alone. He hopes Nebula is alive long enough to forgive him for it.
Steve frowns and his mouth starts opening but Tony moves before he can utter a single word or make a noise.
His eyes are now open and they show a fire within them that Tony hasn't seen in a long, long time. Clint has leaned forward on his seat on the couch, his elbows resting on his knees and his hands clutching each other tightly. Natasha places a comforting yet placating hand on his left shoulder.
Steve nods, rubbing at his temples with his right index and thumb. “We need to do better, yes. This was our first bad spell together, we’ll work on it.”
Despite Steve not even knowing where Tony is doing this, an image makes its way clearly into his head: Tony in their bed, writhing on top of their white sheets, his back arched as he strokes his cock slowly, just the way he likes it at first.
As Steve presses the button to the right of the phone its screen lights up, showing indeed the notification of a recent text from Pepper.
In a way it had proven that the Avengers weren’t the dream Tony had wanted them to be. They were convenient, not inseparable and for Tony, who had so many expectations and desires set on them, it had felt like a blow stricken directly to the heart.
Tony squirms to try and find the best posture and this presses down on Steve’s lower body too pleasantly. Automatically Steve fits his hands to Tony’s waist and stops his movements, and a short look at Tony’s face lets Steve knows Tony knew exactly what he was doing.
Natasha moves with determination to place herself a couple of feet away from Clint, forcing him to face her instead of the couch where Steve and Tony are seated. Her shoulders are tense and the set of jaw looks almost painful with how heard she must be clenching it.
“C’mon Tony, you know it. We never knew what we’d do if we found him so we didn’t do everything in our power to do so.”
With those words -just those 12 words- Tony is sure he has most likely broken a part of Steve’s soul that will never be put back together again.
Bruce’s birthday comes and goes just like Natasha’s and Steve’s did even though this time they do all spend the day together.
For people not that close to him he’d try to find a flashy reply: one of their trips abroad, the first MET Gala they ever attended together, maybe. But if the person asking knew him well, he’d be completely and utterly honest: the time they cooked together for all of the Avengers for Thanksgiving and they ended up having to order take-out, the naps they take together on the roof on the Tower when it’s nice outside, or perhaps their late night marathons of
And that’s what he’s contemplating doing right in this moment, standing in front of the penthouse windows overlooking the city, the sun slowly but surely making its way down, casting the city and its hundreds of buildings in a pink and orange light, a few purple shadows dancing in the horizon.
The situation is also trying for Steve and Tony, but in a different way. Part of their deep feelings about the issue stem from their role as natural co-leaders of the Avengers. They feel responsible for their people and for their well-being and that can become exhausting, but that also means they feel a near constant need to keep clear-headed and focused.
From his place laying down on the sofa, his phone between his hands as he swipes through his entire gallery of pictures, Steve feels grateful and happy, so happy.
The second time, they make accidental eye contact and when Tony offers him a nod in acknowledgement Thor breaks his gaze away and continues walking, his shoulders hunched over, his hands in his hoodie’s pockets.
Before any more memories can rush in and flood his mind Tony rips his eyes away from Steve’s figure and instead looks at all the other people congregated in the room.
Before he can even begin to spend too much time thinking about it Christmas Eve arrives and it becomes all that Tony can actually ponder about.
He stumbles as he tries to put all his weight on his right arm and it doesn’t hold, having fallen asleep from Tony resting all his body on it for probably hours.
“Sure he is,” he replies, sarcasm dripping from his every word. “That’s why he’s here asking the question and not you.”
And in the end, he was proven right about that, and that was what had probably hurt the most, the fact that he had been lulled into a false sense of security about her standing by his side when he should have known from the very beginning that it could never last.
The first two weeks of July move like that: slowly but surely and with no significance whatsoever. It’s life in its purest form: always happening around us and for us and with us.
in case any of you need or want to talk, be it to vent or if you're interested in thinking about something else. We can talk about Stony, Marvel, TV Shows, books, food, etc! Really, I'm here for you, my friends.
Seeing the impact the person he had become had on kids didn’t exactly made him feel worthwhile or heroic but it kept him from feeling completely useless. Those kids, those innocent kids that had only known war for so long, saw in him a hope that things would get better and that was at least a reason to feel a little proud.
Steve knows it’s physically impossible but he swears he can feel Tony’s nails trailing down his back now, even though they’re thousands of miles apart. This phantom touch is what pushes Steve to finally bring his left hand up to touch his own skin. His dick is already half hard but he hasn’t dared to touch himself yet. Is Tony doing that? Has he got his hand on himself? Is he jerking himself off?
“I’m not trying to say making a decision is easy,” Rhodey clarifies. “Just… Maybe it isn't as complicated as you think it is. That’s all.”
Tony untangles himself from the sheets and the comforter and he swings his body to the side to stand up. His legs feel unsteady when he touches the floor with his feet and his knees almost buckle from his weight. He hasn’t eaten anything since the night before and this, combined with the quickness of his moves, makes his vision go dark from dizziness.
Pepper even gets involved in some of the governmental and humanitarian work Natasha is doing and he works alongside them in relieving some of the devastating consequences that are still appearing in the world after everything.
With his somewhat abrupt enquire Steve is showing everything he’s learnt from Tony in the past few weeks: his tells and his quirks, his excuses and his lies, his silences and his buttons. Steve isn’t backing down, but it’s not like it was between them before, where neither of them would let go of an issue because of stubbornness and pride. Steve is pushing and prodding not for himself but for Tony, for Tony’s own sake.
Steve takes pride in all of these things and he’s not ashamed to admit it. He’s worked hard to become the person he is today and, at times, he’s worked even harder to become a hero everyone can be proud of supporting.
When five seconds pass and he doesn’t elaborate any further -even though Bruce’s raised eyebrows make it pretty clear how lost he still feels- Valkyrie sighs and gets up from her perch on the loveseat’s arm. She places an empty beer bottle on the coffee table and takes a seat next to Thor while she’s opening the other one.
Tony’s shoulders drop and he brings his hands up to his eyes, rubbing them harshly with his fists. Steve removes his hands from their place on the table’s edge so he can move them towards Tony’s own hands. Steve delicately wraps his bigger hands around Tony’s, moving them away from Tony’s face and intertwining their fingers.
Tony halts his action abruptly. He’s gripping the serving spoon tightly with his right hand but he doesn’t tilt it to drop the contents of it on his plate. He ends up putting the spoon back into the bowl, the thought of food completely forgotten. He turns his body a few degrees on the chair, facing Natasha better.
“I just,” he starts saying, hesitating. “Everyone’s so excited about it. I don’t want to ruin their fun.”
The smile she gives him now reminds him so much of one of the last smiles she gave him before the team split ways, sad but fond, small but warming.
But being Iron Man has meant so many different things during the years and maybe, these days, being Iron Man isn’t so much about what he thinks he needs to do, about what he feels he owes the world, but about what won’t kill him in the process.
“Yes, we are!” Sam shouted from above them. He released a snowball that landed right on top of Bucky’s head and cackled manically. He ran before the other two men even had time to react and by the time Bucky retaliated with a thrown of his own Sam was far enough from them that the ball barely even grazed him.
Because of how hard he’s concentrating on just Steve Tony catches Steve’s eyes as soon as Steve turns his head towards him. Their gazes lock and Tony has to swallow harshly and will himself not to blush too strongly at being caught staring. Based on the heat he can feel building up on his cheeks he knows it doesn’t work.
It takes him just 3 seconds to spot Miss Potts seated at one of the tables further in the back, her attention solely on the cellphone in her hand. She’s dressed a lot more casually than she was at the funeral, which of course makes a lot of sense, but it’s not the kind of fashion Steve would have pegged her to wear. She’s in just a plain, long-sleeved white t-shirt and jeans, her hair pulled back in a ponytail. She looks a lot more approachable that Steve has ever seen her, even if 95% of the times he’s caught glimpses of her it has been through a television.
“He’s staying,” Bruce says, speaking for the first time. He sounds placating and sure, and Tony knows he’s been waiting for an opportunity like this for over a year now.
Steve does and as soon as the bottle is on his hand Tony starts bringing it closer to his lips, but he has to does it slowly because his hand is shaking a little bit from this minuscule effort.
It’s the third time in two days they’re having this conversation and, normally, Steve would have dropped the topic by now, giving Tony space and not pushing so vehemently, but he can tell something isn’t quite right in the smiles Tony gives the rest of the team when the topic of his birthday comes up.
When his eyes clear he sees Steve take an aborted step forward, his right arm outstretched as if prepared to catch Tony before he can fall to the floor. When Steve sees Tony is steady again he resumes his previous position and his face closes-off again.
For a moment Tony thinks of cracking a joke, something about his twenties, about needing to keep up with her beauty, but his heart is not in it and he knows hers wouldn’t be either.
Tony blinks forcefully and rubs his shaking fists into his eyes to clear his vision. When he looks at Steve again the man has one arm on the doorway, gripping it tightly, his knuckles white. His other hand is balled up into a fist next to his thigh. His posture screams worry and pain and if Tony looks up into Steve’s face that’s what his expressions reflects too.
It’s a weak reply to Steve’s honest praise but Tony is experiencing some trouble forming coherent and meaningful thoughts. It’s Steve’s gaze and his words and the way they’re still laying so close to each other. It’s astonishing and yet so right.
Tony bites his bottom lip to prevent himself from letting out a soft laugh but he can feel the smile grazing his lips. He extends his hand and waits a couple seconds while Nebula looks at it, obviously debating internally whether to take it or not.
“Of course, Tony.” The woman steps out of the elevator and nears Tony, placing a delicate kiss on his forehead like she does Clint every time the archer is being particularly oblivious. She moves back into the elevator and instructs JARVIS to take her once again to the common floor.
The TV serves as background white noise for him to fall asleep after he finishes eating. He doesn’t even move to put his dish and cutlery away to the kitchen, just leaves them on the coffee table to clean up later.
It’s all so sweet and endearing that it keeps Steve’s complete heed for the entirety of the recording. He can hear Pepper quietly sniffing but his eyes stay focused on the images playing in front of him.
In the end it’s that last name that changes Tony’s entire stance too; his shoulders drop, his hands unclench and his jaw unsnaps from where it’d had been horribly biting down on his teeth, the tension of the muscles already giving him a headache.
“To be fair, I don’t think Bruce and I understand half of what is going on around us when we’re working.”
“He’s pissed. Thinks he failed. Which, of course he did, but, you know, there’s a lot of that going around, ain’t there?”
Steve’s had a head start but he’s going to make sure from now on he and Tony will only run side by side.
The rhythm of the kisses slows down after a few minutes, and the kisses become sweeter, less maddening. Soon, Steve and Tony are just pecking each other’s lips every few seconds, until Steve kisses the tip of Tony’s nose, making him giggle and move away. He doesn’t move too far away, just enough to be able to study Steve’s face, trying to memorize it as it looks in this exact second.
At first Tony thinks Steve must be getting ready for a confrontation but then he somehow realizes what triggered it. He’s not sure exactly how he becomes of aware of it, how it is that he knows, but he does know, to his bones, that Steve’s reaction is not because of the fight that he sees approaching.
It’s a languid kiss, slow and unhurried. Their tongues tangle together and then retreat back to their own mouths so that, again, only their lips touch. This is almost more electrifying for Steve, more nerve-wrecking, the slight pressure almost maddening.
He doesn't say anything. He waits for Natasha to expand on her thoughts, watching her continue to sip at the wine.
He tells Pepper one day of how he reminds her of Peggy a little, how strong she was, how she challenged every limit the world wanted to set for her.
Valkyrie is given one of the guest rooms but Tony finds her twice sleeping in the living room instead of in the perfectly fine bed she’s been lent. She’s quiet but not unassuming at all. She’s got a way of looking at Tony that makes him question each and every one of the decisions he has made in his 49 years of life. Bruce and her have got what appears to be a complicated love-hate friendship going on and Tony has vowed to never get in between one of their “debates”. They take to challenging each other to wrestling matches while Bruce is turned into the Hulk and he swears it’s a way to “train myself into getting more comfortable in this body”.
“Steve,” Tony sighs, dropping his hands from where they were still moving in the air messing with different holograms.
The image quickly leaves his mind but a thousand others replace it almost instantly: coming back from space and exiting the ship only to find no one waiting for him; Natasha coming in after the team went out to search for Thanos and telling him Steve is dead; Pepper and Rhodey turning their backs on him; Peter smiling; Steve full of dust that Tony knows it’s all from Sam, Bucky and Wanda. Thanos laughing. Thanos snapping his fingers. Thanos making Tony snap his fingers.
“Truth is I don’t really know what’s up with me and Steve,” Tony ends up confessing. He incorporates slowly on his seat again, this time resting his chin on the palms of his hands. “It’s complicated.”
One of Steve’s hands leaves Tony’s and with the remaining hold he has on his right one Steve starts moving slowly towards Tony’s bed. In just a few, short steps they reach Tony’s bed and Steve signals Tony to sit on the edge of it. He doesn’t let go of Tony’s hand when he sits but his hold is lighter now, like he’s giving Tony the opportunity to pull away if he so desires. Tony doesn’t want to break his connection to Steve so he tightens his hold on Steve’s hand and pulls him forward until Steve gets the hint and moves to sit next to him.
There is also a book Tony is sure isn’t his resting on top of one of the low set of drawers, a pair of Steve’s sunglasses next to some SI documents Tony has yet to sign and the room smells distinctly like the incense sticks Bruce recommended to Steve and that he is now obsessed with.
“I don’t wish I was dead, if that’s what you’re worried about. I’m not going to… I’m not thinking of killing myself or anything like that, okay?” he promises. “But I can’t say I don’t feel certain guilt about being alive when others aren’t. I’m going to do everything in my power to use this opportunity  I’ve been given but maybe… If I had the chance… I’d give up my life to bring some of them back.”
Thor moves forward and takes Bruce’s glasses of off the Hulk’s face. Bruce tries to grab them off of his hands back but Thor keeps them out of his reach as he keeps laughing and laughing and laughing.
Bruce thanks him softly but quickly turns away, looking towards the horizon, his gaze focusing on what appears to be nothing more than air and some trees on the far off distance. He’s taking deep breaths and he’s following in the rhythm of them with his hands.
It takes around 3 minutes for them to be fully settled in the living room, the pizza boxes open on the coffee table, them sitting on the couch, the TV on but going completely ignored.
He tries to find the right words to say to each of the remaining Avengers and, overall, he thinks he doesn't do too badly. Thor smiles at him. Romanoff gives him a nod -which might be an even bigger achievement-. Barton is still too in his head to even acknowledge him and Banner is lost looking into space so Steve just walks silently past where he’s sitting.
Tony opened his eyes and laughed at the comment but his laugh didn’t make Steve feel uncomfortable. Tony’s laugh was kind and sweet, not mocking, and Steve laughed too.
Tony had assumed he’d went into his room but Steve is standing with an armload of clothes. It appears like he went searching for one of Tony’s winter coats and also for one of his own, as well as a burgundy sweater that Tony doesn’t recognize so it also must be Steve’s.
“We all fought against Thanos,” Natasha says as she signals around the room at herself, Bruce, Steve and Tony. “And we lost, yes, but we fought him. I don’t fault you for not being there but you can’t fault us for losing. You don’t know what it was like, Clint, you can’t even begin to imagine. And you want to blame Tony?”
It’s waking up to Steve, and making plans that they don’t call dates, and it’s cooking together and bantering and it’s family, above all.
He sighs and Tony suddenly can feel deep in his bones Steve’s own exhaustion, a perfect mirror image of his own.
His mind only settles when one night Thor joins the team dinner clean shaven and recently showered. He’s still wearing ratty and baggy clothing but his hair has been slicked back and his smile looks a little less rattled at the edges.
The room is quiet when only a second ago Tony could hear people’s surprised gasps and erratic breathings.
“You spend most of your time doing God knows what with Bruce,” Steve comments. “If I visited you I’m not sure I’d understand half of what was going on around me.”
“Hey,” Tony replies back and he gathers some of the things spread out around him to make some room for Bruce to sit.
It’s maybe the reason they used to work, before they grew away from each other instead of growing into each other.
Everyone was looking between him and Tony and they were not trying to be subtle about it. Clint had put his arm around Natasha’s shoulder and one of hers was wrapped around his waist. Bucky was smiling knowingly at Steve while Sam seemed to be studying Tony closely.
His face is slightly blurry in Tony’s vision because of how close they are but he watches as Steve closes his eyes and then doesn’t open them again. He settles further into the pillow and appears to be perfectly content like that.
And moreover, he’s pretty sure hearing Tony’s voice would only make Steve miss him more and he knows it’s crucial that he doesn’t hijack SHIELD’s jet to take himself back to the Tower just to breathe in Tony’s scent.
It’s not a big declaration, or a heartfelt confession, or a passionate speech. It’s smaller, simpler, more real. Real in the way their love is.
The more complicated answer is that maybe Tony wishes he could wish he wasn’t alive. He wishes he felt like he had a right to that.
Tony wants to stand there for a while and observe him, cataloguing every single one of his movements, even the smallest ones. He wants to commit this image into his memory. The image of this man, this truly and wonderfully human man who loves Tony and who Tony so desperately loves back.
The first mistake, and probably the biggest one, was thinking he didn't really know Tony when he did, even if the version of Tony he got to know was incomplete. He got to know Tony through his friends, his creations, recordings, interviews, photos and the mark he had left behind in the world. And that is not all that Tony Stark is but the things Steve learnt were real.
“I don’t have an answer for us and I bet every single person on Earth has asked themselves this at least once,” Tony says. “We didn't choose this. No one did. And we’ve tried to remedy it but… Maybe it’s time for new questions. They’ll be even harder to answer but I think it’s time.”
Pepper stand up and moves away from his bedside, letting go of his hand. She extends her arm to grab a glass full of water from the nightstand and she brings it over to him, placing it gently against his lips, tipping it lightly so he doesn’t have to angle his head awkwardly.
“Nat,” Tony says, pulling Natasha’s attention towards himself. “What is the favor? What do you want us to do?”
Being Captain America and becoming a leader hasn’t made Steve any less human -effects of the serum not counted- and that’s the side of things he hates. In fact, leading missions and having people depend on him and being the one giving the orders has only made Steve more sensitive to all kinds of emotions. Victories taste sweeter and defeats are more bitter. Anger and violence and rage are all enhanced. Pain is also more potent.
They eat while they talk about everything and nothing, laughing and chewing and drinking water in between sentences and bites.
Steve’s schedule helps the matter, too. He’s out of the Compound more often than not and a lot of times he’s away from his phone, either because of classes or group sessions. It’s convenient for Tony, who has been  trying to gett into the habit of turning off his phone so he won’t be tempted to text Steve.
Tony stands quickly from his chair, nearly knocking it over and making Steve look at him in concern. He clears his throat as he puts down his spoon and avoids looking at Steve’s bright, blue eyes.
“So, Steve,” Tony pronounced his name rolling the vowels of it, which Steve found very endearing. “Tell me about yourself. I want to know you from more than just Natasha’s comments.”
It’s somewhat ironic and completely morbid that now that Tony feels like he’s got the family he always envisioned the Avengers to be that had to come at the expense of Clint’s own family.
He absentmindedly keeps repeating the motion as he gets dressed in comfortable clothes and only stops when FRIDAY’s voice startles him and pulls him out of his head.
Now that he’s more aware and more awake he can feel the distinctive weight of someone else sharing the bed with him. It’s in the way the mattress is sunk a little bit behind him and it’s in the way the covers rise and fall lightly even if he stops moving and breathing. It’s also the way he now realizes the extra heat comes from sharing a bed with someone else.
“Careful, Tony. Be careful,” warns Steve, still standing next to him and looking over him intensely.
It might make more sense that Steve is giving it credit for but he has always been somewhat of a romantic, of a dreamer, and he thought the first time he finally kissed Tony he would do it after a beautiful night walk through Central Park. Or maybe after a romantic dinner by candlelight cooked by himself. Or even in the heat of the moment after a battle with the Avengers, dramatic love confessions included.
Steve’s left foot is poised forwards like he was in the middle of taking a step and then he stopped abruptly.
“Now I want the opportunity to talk to him and bring him back. If Thor belongs here so he can get better so does Clint. I can help him. We’ll be able to help him.”
“I’ve always kept tabs on our kind of stuff around the world, you know? Possible superheroes, vigilantes, people this close to going off the rails and becoming super-villains…” Tony puts his fingers really close together, almost touching. “Sometimes I decide it’s not worth it to intervene. So what if the Punisher is walking around like a madman killing every single criminal in his near vicinity? So what if there’s another billionaire playing at being a hero? A robot suit is ten times cooler than a glowing fist, anyway.”
“You’ll love him,” Pepper says, a smile on her face. “You’re a hero too, Steve. The world may not have Iron Man anymore but we’re lucky to still have Captain America. You’re a leader. People follow you. Maybe together we can protect this world like Tony did. I don’t have powers or anything like that but I have a company and I could use it to do some good with you.”
“This is a thousand times better than before,” is what Natasha says about it every time the issue comes up.
“You promised those people we’re going to bring everyone back!” It bursts out of Tony in the form of a shout and he is so overwhelmed his eyes close and his jaw tightens in rage.
Before Tony even realizes it, lunch time comes and goes. Only at 4pm does he have time to make his way from his office to the kitchen to heat up one of the prepared meals Steve always keeps the Compound stocked with. He eats in the living room, sat in the sofa while watching the news on TV.
“I shouldn't be complaining,” Natasha says and she seems to be relaxing slowly, little by little, her body coming to rest its weight against Steve’s chest. “Things are going so much better now that we’re all here together and I don’t even know how I would have sustained a relationship when I’ve never had a successful one in my life.”
He wonders if the world will ever feel right again. He wonders if there’s a chance he will ever truly belong.
She’s standing a little to the side, her posture rigid and her arms crossed in front of her chest. She looks every bit the warrior Tony has heard she is.
In the past 48 hours Tony has been working hard at catching up with Stark Industries’ affairs that he had previously been a bit disconnected from, both from the engineering and developmental side of it and the trading and business aspects as well. He’s realized that now that the break up has happened things will most likely feel constrained between him and Pepper for a while, and it will serve them well if they have some safe topics of conversation that will aid them in re-building their relationship now that there’s not actually a relationship anymore.
in his life from his past he know is falling to the trap of even more complicated and nebulous impossibilities.
It’s such a silly thing to love but it fills Steve with joy to carry around his cellphone in his pocket at all times knowing he could take it out of his pocket at any moment and snap thousands upon thousands of pictures of anything he wanted to commemorate. It warms him up inside to know he could capture himself with a truly breathtaking sunset behind him and send the picture to Tony to remind him he’s always thinking of him.
Tony was never one to love routines, both because he’s never been good at keeping them and also because he always used to find them too restrictive. His creativeness couldn't be confined by time limits and he always felt like his brain worked best at its own rhythm.
He still can’t help softly crying himself back to sleep as he thinks of everything they could have been if they both had been different people.
There’s no use in hiding anymore. If everyone is going to be an open book so will he, no matter if the rest of the world doesn’t want to read what’s inside his covers.
Pepper starts moving, pulling away from him enough so that she can rest her head next to his on the pillow and look him in the eye but not enough so that they have to untangle their legs.
His body grows heavier with each bite of the curry chicken he eats. More and more often lately Tony finds himself needing a midday nap to recharge and the slowness of his movements now tells him today he will need one as well.
And he starts laughing again, his laughter mixing with Steve’s, creating a not very harmonious pattern that Tony wishes he could record and play forever.
A year ago the United States of America president vanished away in front of a cabinet of his most trusted advisors. A year later the man who was then Vice President holds his place. Not for much longer, however, seeing as how only 2 months ago anticipated elections were announced in response to massive and multitudinous protests all around the country.
Tony, on his part, has been working hard on reestablishing the Maria Stark Foundation on the east coast. Pepper used to handle most of it from Malibu but the increased attention that Stark Industries has needed for the past few months has caused some of the charity’s work to go stale.
Stark and him might have not been friends but this is something Steve will never get over as a leader.
Tony only catches glances of the other Compound residents in the mornings when he has breakfast before he heads to his workshop for the day. Sometimes, if he’s lucky, someone might still be awake to wish him a goodnight before he goes to bed.
Now, there is a blatant shift in the way the Avengers are covered and discussed in any kind of media. Or maybe there has just been a shift in the way media works in general as most things have changed in the last year.
When he’s close enough to it, standing right over Steve’s seated form, Tony crunches down, resting one of his elbows on an empty space next to Steve’s body. This leaves Tony a little below Steve and Steve has to lower his gaze to look directly into Tony’s eyes. They’re so big and earnest, a warm and shining brown that Steve hasn't been able to reproduce correctly on any of his drawings or paintings.
The chapter count has gone from 7 to 8 chapters because of some restructuring I've done. I can't promise this is the final count, we'll have to see.
It’s nothing like practicing with Rhodey was even though Steve has taken note of all the similarities between both armors. It’s incredible how much the differences between both men account for the way the armors move and react.
When they came out and the world was shook to its core because its two most famous superheroes had announced their love Tony had made sure to constantly remind him of the beauty of the world and the impact of their actions by handing him letters written by inspired teenagers, he had played Youtube videos of come-out stories made possible by their own step forward and had proved to him that he was so lucky to be living in a time were he could take Tony’s hand proudly in the street and more people cheered for them that resented them.
His room at the Avengers Compound looks the same as it did the last time he was here, almost six months ago, when a meeting with Rhodey, Vision and some government officials had been held in one of the conference rooms.
“His best friends,” she replies. “Pepper Potts and Colonel James Rhodes. They will… They’ll be the one handling Tony’s affairs, I’m sure.”
“I really can’t believe this,” Tony’s saying. “My own best friend saying these terrible, terrible things about me.”
Steve knows he’s laying down on his own bed at the Tower, he’s even got his eyes open to remind himself, but his brain refuses to really believe it. He’s gasping for air and fighting himself. He knows reality, he knows what’s real, but something inside him rejects it no matter how much he tries.
He wants to believe Rhodey, he so desperately does. But complicated is an old-family friend of Tony’s and he doesn’t know if he’ll ever manage to just treat it like a stranger.
Tony sighs dramatically as he pats Steve’s cheek. “I guess you’ll just have to grow it again so I can see it.”
This is a battle -against guilt, against time, against ghosts and against themselves- that maybe they all need to fight on their own.
It had gone a lot smoother than Tony could have ever hoped but that is not to say there hadn’t been glitches and awkward stumbles from both of them: Steve had made a comment about his time spent as a fugitive with Sam and the rest of the team that had painfully reminded them both of Siberia and Tony had had to retreat into his room for some solitude, Tony had made an ill timed joke that had made Steve’s eyes glaze over and his hands has started to shake.
“The Avengers are still here for you and we haven’t given up.” Steve’s voice suddenly seems booming, like a drum that makes Tony’s chest vibrate painfully. “We’ll keep working to protect you and while we’re not by any means perfect we try our best every time. I promise you, not only as Captain America but as Steve Rogers as well, that we’re doing everything in our power to fix what’s been broken, to bring back what’s been lost.”
It takes Tony about 15 seconds to follow Steve and in that short time he feels a hope he had thought long gone by now, because if something like him and Steve can be salvaged and remade into something much better maybe this world- this broken shell of a world- has a chance after all.
Because being here, back on Earth, realizing there are people who have made it, having to deal once again with the knowledge that he’s alive when so many others aren’t, when Peter isn’t… It’s paralyzing.
So, Tony has never been that particular about the clothes he wears. Even less so since he started dating Steve. And that is why this recent development in the crazy storm that is Tony’s life doesn’t make any sense.
There’s many things in the 21st century Steve still has to get used to and he feels like the list has only grown since he moved into the now official Avengers Tower.
In the space of a couple heartbeats Steve makes an almost unconscious decision, more reflex than choice and he starts leaning towards Tony, his back moving away from the couch, his left arm finding placement behind Tony’s head and taking most of Steve’s weight.
Tony himself tries to call Valkyrie and hatch a plan with her but his attempts are just as unsuccessful as Bruce’s. She’s prickly and cold towards him but he knows it’s not because of him and it’s just a testament of her personality. It might seem like she’s not trying to do much on the Thor front but Bruce has made sure they all know how much she’s been working with him and how difficult they’re both finding things.
Even though it’s Steve who’s in Tony’s recovery room, and even though Tony’s confined to this stupid bed, and even though he’s the one who just now woke up, he can’t help but feel like he’s intruding in an intimate moment that does not belong to him.
Nebula’s face stretches into a wide smile and she moves as if to put her arms up in victory before she seems to remember herself. The smile disappears from her face but Tony can still see the slight upturn of her lips and the absence of her usual frown is also a dead giveaway of her momentary happiness.
Natasha, on her part, hasn’t shown that many signs of change, not exactly because she’s hiding them but because they’re a lot smaller and subtler than Bruce’s or anyone else’s. But she’s not the same person she used to be -and neither is Tony- and that means he has been able to catch a few glimpses of her frustration and her worry about Bruce’s isolation and their almost non-existent progress.
Peter had stopped in front of his apartment block and had walked a couple steps forwards until he got in front of Tony and wrapped his arms around him. Tony’s arms had raised slowly and had settled in the middle of the kid’s back.
JARVIS announces promptly that they have reached their destination and Tony steps out of the elevator, his mind still reeling from the comment. Natasha stays inside and is casually leaning against one of the walls.
Tony shakes his head in amazement and he slowly gets to his feet, not even noticing when Bruce’s shirt end up at his feet on the grass.
Tony thinks that, despite everything he wishes was different, it’s good that they’re all starting to remember that.
“I figured,” Steve says. “And I’m still a little scared too. We can work on that too. On our fears. We’ll work on everything together, Tony, the good and the bad.”
As soon as they step foot in the residence building Natasha materializes in front of them, almost out of thin air, her breathing irregular and loud signaling she must have run to meet them when she saw Tony’s car entering the long driveway through the perimeter cameras.
“And Peggy’s death before that,” Steve says. “Something that should have been about logic and reasoning got overshadowed by the fact that… Fuck, Tony, I was not in a good mental state.”
When it comes to sharing their time together during meals or otherwise, even on the days that followed their break-up-not-break-up, Bruce and Natasha always join Steve and Tony when they’re able to. And it’s thanks to them that Clint and Thor start coming out of their rooms to join in too. It’s awkward, Tony can’t deny that, especially where Clint is concerned.
In fact, Tony thinks, if Steve won’t bring up the topic Tony will be the one starting the conversation.
Tony sits up in bed for the first time in the whole day, resting his back against the headboard and bunching up the comforter and sheets in his lap just so he has something to do with his hands.
“I know that,” Natasha confirms. “I didn't defend you because I had to but because I wanted to. What he said isn’t true and I have no problems letting him know that.”
“You didn’t have to come babysit me,” she says, her voice gruff. It doesn’t sound like she’s been crying, more like she’s been holding back her tears for quite some time.
Steve gives him a sad smile and moves his right arm to place in the place where Tony’s shoulder meets his neck. Steve squeezes gently and it makes Tony sigh.
Steve has been told not once, not twice, maybe more than a hundred times, how good of a leader he is. Other compliments and praises he’s been given in regards to his work have been that he’s a great strategist, a superb fighter, an inspiring man and a brave soldier.
Not a single sound is made, not a single muscle is moved. The world has stopped spinning and Steve and Tony are the last two people left standing in it, the last two survivors of their greatest fears combined. Everyone dying around them, being left alone again. Their worst nightmares and their grandest prophecies.
The spell breaks when Bucky elbows Tony and he has to turn away and get his attention back to the TV in front of them, singing horribly, his voice and Bucky’s definitely not made for good entertainment except for maybe laughing at them, as the people around them seem to be doing now.
“Why would you think this could ever ruin us?” Steve asks, his lips moving against Tony’s finger. “Is it because you don’t think I feel the same. Because you have to know by now—”
They talk a little bit more about things but Tony stays away from the topic of Peter’s death again, not ready to revisit it.
Steve keeps reminding her they’ll be there if she needs them again and he’s very obviously hesitant to leave her room so Tony grabs him by one of his biceps and pulls him out of the door. Natasha’s grateful gaze is the last thing Tony sees before she closes the door of her room.
His voice doesn’t sound convinced and he doesn't sound convincing either. He’s most likely just trying to support Tony, thinking he’s still holding on to the idea of Pepper and their future.
His voice sounds almost the same as it always does when he talks to Steve but Steve could almost swear there’s a worried tint to it.
“Well, things are not good for SI right now but it looks like she’ll be able to manage it and we’ll survive,” he announces. “Which isn’t surprising if you think about it. I mean, us rich folks are worst that cockroaches, right? We’re always going to be thriving while the common folks end up always being the ones suffering.”
The look on Steve’s face and the way his eyes seem to sparkle after Tony’s response tells Tony that yes, Steve perfectly understood.
“It reminds me a little bit of the places I used to go to in the 40s,” Steve says. “I’ve tried to go to some of the places that advertise how classic or vintage they are but they all wrong.”
Tony calls him a romantic every time Steve plans any special dates for them. He usually follows the statement with an eye roll but Steve is always able to spot the blush that colors Tony’s cheeks. He would most likely deny it but Tony loves the care Steve takes to plan special evenings for them. He likes feeling pampered and cherished and Steve loves making him feel that way.
He moves his eyes away from the slow roaming of Steve’s body they had been doing and focuses his gaze on his feet instead. He’s only wearing socks and for a second that feels oddly intimate considering that he’s sitting on Steve’s bed.
Steve gapes at him mockingly but Tony ignores him and goes to eat more from the ice cream carton. Before he can, however, Steve retaliates and bumps Tony’s spoon out of his hand. Tony picks it up from where it fell on the table and he hits Steve’s spoon back while Steve is laughing. Steve hits Tony’s instinctively once again and for the next five minutes Tony and Steve find themselves involved in the most stupid and most useless war of all time. Spoon versus spoon, laughing all the way.
His words might have sounded a bit too harsh but Tony wants to make it clear that this is something he would never hold against Steve.
“I had a nightmare. Or a dream, I’m not really sure what it was,” Steve says, his eyes focused on the liquid of his cup. “It was about last night. Everyone was there. And I mean everyone.”
That had been over two weeks ago and since then Steve and Tony have been able to watch 10 movies together, scheduled during the free times they’ve both found.
“Tony,” Pepper breathes, and the pressure to his left eases, most likely due to Pepper raising her head.
Tony shrugs and smiles dejectedly at Steve. “There is no way I can fix the snap. If that isn’t something deserving of an apology I don’t know what is.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve whispers, wearing the smile Tony knew he’d get out of him as he takes his Iron Man mug.
“Hey, hey,” Tony interrupts her. “This is important, Pepper. So many people depend on Stark Industries and we need to know what’s the situation.”
Rhodey also comments often on how Steve is one of the strongest people he knows, not in the literal physical sense but in the emotional one. Their military backgrounds give them insight onto each other’s psyches more frequently than not and Rhodey never ceases to be in awe of how much Steve’s had had to endure both as a soldier and as a man.
Tony moves his hands away from where they were still held in Steve’s, lightly nudging him in the abs so Steve moves a couple steps back and leaves room for Tony to turn his body around and leave it facing Steve.
The last thing Tony sees before he wakes up is Peter’s face, finally. Peter stops in his tracks, turning around and looking at Tony over his shoulder. His face is full of dust, grey and clunky.
Tony keeps being silent but he extends his arms so he can rest his hands on top of Steve’s where they’re placed on top of the table. The move drives Steve to meet his eyes and Tony nods encouragingly at him, letting him know he can keep going.
Tony has never been one to look for the positive side of things in the worst of situations but if there’s only one single thing that he could feel grateful for in this terrible ordeal is the fact that he now knows these people better than he probably does himself.
Rhodey is the first to come by his room and although neither of them cry while talking about what happened when the rest of the group went in search of Thanos, they envelop each other in a hug that lasts so long Tony loses all sense of time. Rhodey stays there and he tries to get Tony to talk about what his own experience was like when he had to face Thanos.
With a loud gulp, Tony turns his body so it’s now facing Steve, his knee bent so it won’t intrude on Steve’s personal space where now he’s the one looking unapproachable and combative.
Even before, Bruce’s transformation to the Hulk always started out gradually, slowly, but it had always seem so violent to Tony, like Bruce’s bones were fighting hard to rip out his skin, like he was giving up something every time the Hulk took over.
He takes a deep breath and clinks his glass against Pepper’s before chugging the wine in just one move. “For me and Tony.”
He goes through the motions of opening the fridge and filling a glass of juice before he turns around to face the table.
One hand on Tony’s leg and one hand tangled on Tony’s smooth hair, Steve brings Tony’s face closer to his to capture his lips in a perfect kiss. Perfect like their first kiss. Perfect like every kiss they've shared since then. Perfect like the ones that are yet to come.
Tony’s reiterated Natasha’s words since then and he’s asked Steve to back down countless times since Steve decided he would speak at the memorial for the one year anniversary of the Decimation.
He’s also learnt not to blame himself for how long he rejected things that he now wouldn’t be able to live without simply based on some made up idea that if he started loving his life in this new present he had been given that would, in some way, be disrespecting the memory of who he was in the past.
Time stops for about a second and then restarts itself in the time it takes Steve to blink his eyes at Tony. Steve’s eyes are hooded from sleeping and his blinks are slower than normal. Perhaps that’s why the fluttering of his eyelashes and the movement of his eyelids seem more sensual than normal.
Tony sinks his spoon into the ice-cream and is happy to find that it has the perfect consistency: it hasn't melted too much from the time since Steve bought it until now but it isn't frozen solid and hard as a rock.
For a minute Steve feels cold and hot all at once, his legs trembling as if trying to shake off hypothermia and his chest burning as if buried under a mountain of lit up coal.
It goes on for minutes, neither of them pulling away, their hands roaming each other’s chest and neck and hair.
Just like with Tony and Steve it’s taken time and work to get things to this point but just like with Tony and Steve it feels as natural as breathing most days.
Growing agitated at the muffled sounds from the outside Tony walks into his adjoined bathroom and turns on the shower. The shower head is a big and round thing that makes it rain inside the big glass cubicle. If he so desires Tony can change the settings to a thick jet, a lighter stream, a steam sort of spraying and 4 jets that don’t stop moving in circles for some reason Tony has yet to understand.
Even though the Avengers no longer exist -at least not in the superhero team way they used to- there is no doubt Natasha is nowadays their leader. She’s the face of most of the work they do in the post-Decimation world and she’s the most active one in every single aspect: combat -for the few small-time criminals she gets called to deal with-, strategy and cooperation -with governments, associations, non-profits and even alien alliances-.
Rhodey nods as they turn towards the door together and start walking to leave the room. Natasha looks over her shoulder at Steve and Tony before her and Rhodey cross the threshold of the door.
Even sitting down on a wheelchair, an IV hooked onto his left arm, pounds and pounds lighter than he was only a couple of weeks ago, all of his strength gone, it still seems like the fight never ends, like he’s meant to go out there once again and this time, die trying if necessary.
He even teaches Tony how to make some of his favorite childhood foods and while Tony is not the most skilled culinary student Steve never runs out of patience.
Tony turns on the coffee machine as he blearily blinks and looks around the kitchen, trying to discern if anyone has already used it this morning before him or if everyone is still asleep. It’s difficult to tell for sure but Tony thinks he’s the first one up. He chuckles to himself and shakes his head at the unexpected turn of events. When he had gotten out of bed he had been cursing his years and his body for betraying him so rudely but it must say something positive about his stamina and resilience that out of everyone he shares a house with he’s still the one who picks himself up first after a mild-mannered party.
