and, for a moment, Dean forgets time. The ticking clock on the back of his head falls silent and Michael fades and melts into the background.
They end up sitting on the sand, eating the sandwiches Dean prepared in the morning and drinking a new brand of iced tea that Cas insisted they tried when they stopped for gas earlier.
“Good. I’m going to bed.” He eventually turned off the TV, his interest in the political debate he was watching far gone.
“Dean… – Cas shoots him an imploring look – Honey, Sam and Eileen have been waiting for almost an hour, we really have to go.”
Once he sits up, Dean picks up the blanket that probably fell on the floor at some point during the night and carefully places it over Cas. Then he walks to the kitchen, where he finds Jody, leaning against the counter, a mug in one hand and her phone in the other. When she sees Dean, she gives him a big, pleased smile. “Good morning.”
“Dean? Dean!” Cas yells as he kneels in front of him; his hands now on Dean’s shoulder, back to the strong grip he is so familiar with.
, which is mostly what he deserves to hear.
“What? - Is this?”
“Neither.” Sam looked out the window.
“Hold on!” Dean stops him, his lungs burning inside his ribcage. “If you find him and he decides to stay there, could you please tell him –”
Cas’ presence on earth is contingent, just like everyone else’s in a godless world, and yet, for once, Dean doesn’t feel like they are running out of time. It is their choice to be there, their choice to persevere. There are no clocks in Heaven, but there aren’t on Earth either, just patience, love and compassion, as they learn how to forgive themselves and get to know who they are when they lay down their swords.
“Actually, - he begins, struggling to find the right words – can we come in?”
They both laugh, shaking their heads and Dean is hit again with the bubbling feeling that they are together, again.
Dean nodded, trying not to break right in front of Bobby, but the image of the empty apartment waiting for him once he was finally free to go back home was so overwhelming that he could feel his hands shaking underneath the sheets.
“I thought… I thought they were all gone, I was told the one we killed was the last one.” Dean is aware he’s putting a small stitch on a big, bleeding wound, using passive forms and vague sentences won’t help him, nor Claire, but it makes things easier at least for now.
“Apologies. I used to be more amusing.”
” he recites from the label before he places his mouth where Cas’s lips used to be, as one the many rituals he has crafted through the years just to feel closer to him, to taste intimacy as safely as possible.
“Don’t Claire-me! – she almost yells, taking a deep breath that doesn’t seem to calm her at all – Don’t try to act like I am the problem here, the one who’s seconds away from falling apart.”
“Don’t we all?” Claire snaps, her jaw clenched as she looks away.
Cas smiles too, “Just, don’t worry about me, okay? Because I know you will, in your unhealthy, manly, self-blaming way.”
“Not really, because they can’t think of something that could leave the bodies in such a state. They were almost evaporated.”
“Whatever. I would never think you were deranged, AIDS or not.”
“You are amazingly unhappy.”
Sam looked confused at first, then stunned.
A new spiral of conflicting and equally strong emotions were lurking all around the room and threatening to calamitously fall on his chest.
“Oh, shut up, if you don’t make me listen to some new music, then who’s gonna do that?”
“Is that what they say about me up there?”
“Then you tell the doctor or I will.”
“Are you going to work?”
Sam kneeled by his side and placed a cold hand on Dean’s burning forehead as he shivered.
It was Sam’s idea, while Dean was maybe at his lowest, to send Jack away for a while, so that he could spend time with someone he trusted, someone who could give him love and stability until things got better, or –
“Dude...” Claire comments, her brows frowned as she shakes her head softly.
, he takes pleasure in reminding himself. All he can do is stare in disbelief, biting his lips as hard as he can, hoping to fight back a sadness that is restless and resilient.
, it’s just a silly song, really, and yet he can’t remember the last time his heart has been this full, or the last time love has felt this easy and natural, not tears against the pillow and closed door, smashed mirrors and bloody knuckles, but a sunny day and the sound of his family laughing inside the car. Nothing has ever felt more holy than that.
“I thought you wouldn’t come.”
Crowley laughed bitterly, “Oh big deal. You meet a lonely, average-looking, soon-to-be-bald, thirty year old man who still lives with his hateful mother and you figure out he’s unhappy. That doesn’t count, dear. Try something else, something surprising.”
“And you put him in the trunk?” Cas’ annoyance makes his words as sharp as a shark’s teeth.
“You don’t know everything, Cas.”
“You okay? I think we should go to Bobby’s. Maybe he was telling the truth, maybe we can get Cas back.”
“Yeah, look, I’ve had
“That’s – protocol.” He admitted awkwardly. “Apologies for the inconvenience.”
When he says that, Cas opens his eyes just to meet Dean’s, who is staring at the scene with sheer happiness rushing through him, causing his heart to burn in his chest in anticipation.
“Not a big fan of apples, but still better than the strawberry lemonade flavor, that one tastes like diluted metal juice.”
“No, no, no — stay with me, Dean. What am I gonna tell them? God, what am I gonna tell them, you son of a bitch?”
“Listen, he called the other day and sounded so miserable when I told him about Jack’s birthday, so I took pity on him and invited him to come along.”
“Just a couple of vamps, pretty helpless, I almost felt bad when I killed them. They were drinking human blood and kidnapping people, though, so I guess they had to be taken out.”
had. Still, Jody was patient, trying to replace the talks they didn’t have with distraction and comfort, until Dean couldn’t hold it in anymore and he told her everything.
“God, gross.”
“But there’s no time! – she objects, anger cracking her voice – This could be our only chance.”
Dean jokes around it because it’s been almost a month since the last time, when Sam and him had a screaming match about the laundry and Dean ended up unable to control his tears even when they both stopped yelling, crying for what felt like at least two hours before he could completely ground himself and stop shaking. So he figures it’s been long enough to make stupid jokes about it.
She nodded, gesturing him to follow her to the back of the shop.
“Indeed. Prophets sometimes are.”
Cas carefully places a hand on Dean’s, his thumb rubbing Dean’s scarred knuckles. On his dry lips rests a smile so big that it seems on the verge of cracking them.
“Bobby took us here a couple of times when we were kids.”
The evening unfolds pleasantly, Jody serves chicken and roast potatoes, and they all tell stories about their high school days as they eat the strawberries Alex bought from an old lady at the town’s market. And Dean almost forgets to check if his hands are shaking.
Jack and Dean share a complicit look, before Dean whispers to his hear. “I think you’ve just granted yourself that hamster you wanted so much. Thanks kid.”
“Dean…” Cas says and it’s that simple, familiar sound that gently carries Dean out of the fog that has been suffocating him ever since Jack left hours before.
He waited, imagining Charlie’s expression. And smirked when he read the response.
Charlie was the only ray of positivity here. She kept asking Dean to give Castiel time. But Dean was slowly getting tired of it all.
Dean had a second to back off slightly before the fist hit his face. It still grazed Dean’s jaw, the man’s ring cutting his skin.
He felt Castiel smirk against his skin, as he moved from his jaw to his ear, nibbling at the skin there. His hands gripped Dean’s cock under his jeans. Dean sighed, “Cas…”
“I don’t want your pity, Dean.”
“Here, take my last one.”
Typical.
“She cannot come to Europe with us. Furthermore, Jody has family commitments she needs to attend to.” He is looking at me pointedly.
Dean’s “NO!” was sharply hissed as his entire frame bucked forward into Castiel’s hand, who smirked before nodding once and sinking to his knees. He slid down Dean’s boxers and looked up for even an inch of retreat there. If he saw it, he would back off.
Cass turned towards Sam and grinned.
Cas reeled back slightly, “I can’t look at you? Of course I can look at you. Have you seen yourself?”
Dean sank to his knees on the floor in front of Castiel.
Sam doesn’t get Anna. Sure she’s weird. And yes, she’s annoying and wears enough makeup for three girls and extremely short clothes. And she has those stupid platform heels that make her almost as tall as me. But we’re good with each other. Her stupidity and my unfaithfulness with a blue eyed beauty aside – we’re pretty okay.
“This is over,” he reaffirms.
Gabriel only winked before heading towards the couch. Dean turned to Sam.
Cas nods, “You mean we can’t lie about it anymore? I never wanted –”
“You’re okay with this?” he whispered.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Got a smoke?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Stop,” I hiss.
Anna.
He opens the door to his room and leaves me standing in the corridor. Into the room with a single mattress, a duffel bag and a guitar. The broken kingdom he’s choosing over me.
“Cas, wait!”
“Dean, stop!”
Dean ran after him and he reached out. His hands brushed Cass’s wings just a little and the angel’s knees buckled. Dean stood over him, smiling and triumphant.
“What brought this on?”
He kept driving, trying to keep his mind silent. He just needed to get to his room. His pills were waiting, the drugs were waiting, the alcohol was waiting.  He’d take some painkillers, snort a line of cocaine and sleep everything off. Maybe he won’t wake up.
His jaw is set as he nods, “I get your point.”
She turns, she looks at me, she frowns, she turns away and continues walking. Fuck, she knows. A part of me wants to find Castiel at this exact moment and whack him on the head with one of his huge novels. Why the fuck would he tell anyone? Take that risk.
Dean stepped inside the room, not noticing the slight tinge of red appearing on Cass’s face. He had always imagined Dean to see him half naked. Only in his imagination, Dean wasn’t clothed either.
She makes a face, “You kissed a guy.”
“I can,” Cas shrugged, taking a drag and passing it back into my waiting hand.
“You punched Benny,” she says.
“You totally know what.”
“And why him?” I raise a lazy hand to gesture at the green-eyed asshole sitting next to me.
“Cass, I need to further study your wings in bed.”
“You son of a bitch. Give me details or I swear I will kick your ass,” Dean flinched at the whisper yelling from the other end of the line. Charlie lived with her parents in a studio flat, and Dean could tell she was trying not to wake them up while rip Dean a new one at the same time.
I look at her as she riffles through my copy of The Tempest. She knows I have a picture of hers in there. She has a bag of clothes in her arms. She’s hugging it to her chest. Ironic, she’s still wearing my shirt. Am I getting that back like she is getting her clothes back?
“You don’t like me, Dean?”
Dean was typing out a response when the phone started to ring, Charlie’s caller address on the screen.
“Oh come on Sammy. You love it when I bite,” Gabriel turned to the TV and Dean turned towards Sam.
He throws me off of him. He’s shaking his head profusely, wiping his mouth. His breathing is irregular. My eyebrows draw together in confusion and I start towards him again. He stops me with a hand to my shoulder.
“Hello,” He answered.
“Don’t fucking touch me,” he hisses at me.
The person Crow was talking to looks at me. The green of his eyes startle me for a split second. I expect him to be struck. Like people usually are in my company. However, he smiles slightly and nods. Who the fuck…
He gingerly touched his swollen eye and stood up. He saw his reflection in the full body mirror in one corner of the room and quickly averted his eyes. He could fight. But to what end? Dean looked at the side table, where previously he had placed five hundred bucks. Now the bare mahogany wood seemed to taunt him.
“Casual sex arrangements shouldn’t be kept on for too long, anyway,” he says to the floor, and I nod.
“I’ll kiss you, it’s just a kiss.”
“Walk.”, he says. The host listens.
“He hit him, Dean.”
“Yes, Cass. It’s a figure of speech.”
Realizations hit and both of them jumped back at the same time.
I drive to the studio. Ask one of the interns to “grab me a coffee, will you?” He runs off looking like an angel of the lord just spoke to him. A small “Right away, Mr. Novak” uttering from his tiny mouth.
“I swear if they don’t fucking sort their feelings out. My head is gonna explode.”
“We’re not doing this, anymore,” he says, more to himself.
, his brain told him.
“What?” Cass pursed his eyebrows.
“You were what!??” Cass and Dean asked in unison.
“Fuck you.”
“CASS!!! FUCKING STOP!!!”
“Benny told her he saw me kissing you,” I say, “they don’t know about…anything else.”
“Get out, Benny,” I say and Benny opens his stupid mouth to argue, but something about the glare I send him makes him rethink.
Dean bent lower, using his hand to stroke the length his mouth couldn’t reach as his other hand squeezed on Castiel’s balls. Cas groaned loudly, his head hitting the headboard as he came. Dean swallowed, almost on instinct – before taking Cas out of his mouth and looking up.
“What?!” Castiel said, grinding his teeth to stop himself from shouting and getting Gabriel and Sam to come down.
“If you move again, Dean. I’m walking.”
“That’s not why I brought you here,” I say and it’s his turn to be confused.
“No,” I whisper.
The fucker. I’ll talk to him later. Get him back.
I can afford a house. Hell, I can afford a dozen of them. But do I want them? Fuck no. Vanity, thankfully, is not one of my many vices. I prefer my New York apartment. Small, functional and very low-key. Protected by cameras and a guard. But still my space. Except when fucking Meg is there. Then she is poking around and cleaning and trying to
hi i procrastinated more
me,” I said, still confused.
“Give me one good reason not to,” he turns to me, and the hope I see in his eyes breaks me. He needs an excuse. But I can’t be that excuse. He waits. He nods.
I call her again and she turns, sighing.
It had been more than a week since their
Cass looked into Dean’s eyes and without much reflection on what he was doing, leaned forward and kissed Dean. Dean’s hands moved towards Cass’s shoulders and he opened his mouth and their teeth clicked – deepening the kiss. Cass’s hand moved to Dean’s neck as he pulled him deeper. His tongue entered the hunter’s mouth and his hands moved to his hair.
His tongue moved over Dean’s as Cas’s hands unbuckled Dean’s belt. Dean groaned as Castiel’s mouth moved from his lips to his jaw, his lips and light stubble creating a perfect pattern of soft and hard over Dean’s skin.
“What family?”
“Get out,” he whispers.
Dean laughed.
“Shut up,” Dean frowned, “Sleep like this.”
“Gabe.”
Cas smirked and looked up at the circle of the people around him. He narrowed his eyes at Dean Winchester.
“You liked tongue more than teeth.”
“You’ll still defend her?” he asks, disbelief evident in his voice.
“Well I was just running from you, so I guess that’s self-explanatory,” Cas said before turning away, only to be yanked forward by Dean.
“Leave.”
I tapped by pen furiously against my desk all through chemistry and as soon as the bell rang, I ignored the significant guilt-tripping glares Benny was sending my way, and ran out the class.
“Honestly man, I can’t even think why you keep this covered.”
“Dean I’m serious.”
Dean smiled. Giving Castiel a last kiss on his thigh before closing his mouth over his length and sucking. Any self consciousness Dean might’ve had dissipated into thin air when Cas’s fingers threaded through his hair and he groaned his name. At that moment, Dean would’ve done anything just to have Castiel say
“Knees,” he said.
“Ha!” Dean laughed a single humorless laugh, “And all this time, I thought you just had a thing for trench coats.”
“Hi, you okay?” He said, smirking.
Dean huffed as he threw his head back in frustration, hitting the tile behind him but not caring. Even though Castiel was the one on his knees here, he was still the one calling the shots.
“So what, you told her it was stupid Dean doing stupid things?” he asks.
He turns to face me, and I’ve never seen him like this. He’s been angry, pissed off, sad, reserved, but this is all of those things at once, like there’s chaos inside him that he’s trying to contain but is barely managing it, “I’m leaving, Dean.”
Oh for fuck’s sake! So what if I screwed our social media manager’s daughter once upon a time. It wasn’t as if she didn’t initiate it.
“What happened, Gabe?” I’m not sure I want to know. I still ask though.
“I dare you…to kiss me.” Cas said.
“A little hypocritical, don’t you think,
“Should I help you with that?” Cas said, gesturing toward Dean’s erection, who smiled in response.
“Yeah?”
“Yep.” Casual sex. He just called me casual sex, that fucker.
It’s not difficult to intimidate Gabriel, I’ve learnt. I stop and lock the car in front of the motel Gabriel told me about. I don’t stop at the lobby. I know which room is his. There’s music coming from inside the room. He’s playing the guitar. And he’s singing. His voice deep and monotonous where mine is strong and layered. It’s what brought us together. Music. I knock twice on the door.
The next day we are on a flight. A genius thinks that we should all post stories about what we are doing on tour on social media. I despise social media. That is common knowledge. I am pretty sure by this point that Dean Winchester is here just to fuck around with me. Is Crow punishing me for Jo?
That’s when it hits me. They know only about me
“Cas, listen,” I take a step towards him and he raises a hand – halting me.
like him?”
Dean watches her go. He looks at me with those green fucking eyes and smirks. He draws in. I fight the urge to cringe away. Standing my ground.
“Only I can bite you.”
What. No.
“This is pointless.” Dean started to lie down.
Anna’s waiting for me at lunch, messing around with my guitar. I’m pretty sure she’ll break a string someday. Benny is sitting next to her.
“What?” He groaned.
Cas smiled and raised his eyebrows at Dean – who proceeded to choke on air before looking down at his own lap. His jeans suddenly felt too tight. His throat too constricted. He could feel Castiel’s gaze like a weight on the side of his face.
Leaning forward he licked a line up the entire length of Dean’s cock, who groaned as he threw his head back. Dean hitched forward for more contact but Cas used his hands to pin Dean to the wall.
Dean laughed and Charlie continued.
“Our family.”
“Not until you tell me
We’re not fucking okay.
“Hey... listen,” I start again, “this isn’t the way. You can’t run away. We can talk to you dad. I’ll talk to him.”
Please comment. And leave kudos. both are appreciated and cherished.
Suffice it to say, Cass did not have a plan. Dean had smiled at Castiel the next day, when picking Sam up from the Novak’s. The other guy had looked anywhere but at Dean. Dean had frowned but remained silent as Sam briefly kissed Gabriel goodbye at the door and shuffling into the car.
“Then what…?”
Dean was still frowning when they were on the road and Sam asked if he was alright. To which Dean grunted. Sam took it to be a yes and turned to the window.
“No!” Dean looked up. Everyone stopped talking, laughing, breathing.
Castiel smiled a tight smile, “Yes, Dean. They don’t show on earth as long as I have a shirt on.”
The door abruptly swings open and my fist stops in midair as I stare at him, stupefied. There’s a big purple bruise on his jaw, and his wrist is in a band aid. It’s probably a sprain, I tell myself. Gabriel’s known to exaggerate. But even then, I cannot stop the helpless ache that spreads through me. He’s hurt. He’s beautiful.
Everyone jumped and looked at the door. Gabriel stood holding a pack of a dozen beers.
“Yep. After the kiss.”
“I should sleep.” Cass said.
“I know what you said, Dean. It wasn’t supposed to mean anything. Now it does.”
“Dean. You don’t like me?”
. That meant having to see Castiel every day. And after their little interlude in the bathroom, it was somewhat awkward for Dean. Especially when his jeans felt a little tighter whenever his eyes met Castiel’s.
“She’s in there.”
“What is Cass?”
God. Fucking a girl and fucking a gay dude are equally exhausting. Both are dramatic as hell.
“Wow,” Charlie broke the silence, “I’m a lesbian but that was hot.”
I raise my fist to knock at the door but before I can however, the door swings open and Gabriel steps out. His eyes widen slightly when he looks at me and he glances back into the house in alarm, before grabbing my arm and steering me away from the house.
“Oh come on!” Sam groaned, “Kiss him Dean. It’s just a kiss. He could’ve dared you to strip naked”
“You’re such a dork,” I say, reaching forward, fisting Cas’ shirt and pulling him in. Our lips met with force, bruising against each other. Cas must taste the blood on my lips, but he opens up – pliable, willing, all mine. Castiel’s fingers graze my hair, blunt fingers dragging against skin and I hold onto his hips. Cas backs away suddenly – our mouths separating, his breathing is fast, erratic.
Sam chuckled at that. Even he had had to take a moment to figure out what Dean had meant.
“Hey!” I say without thinking. Mistake uno. Castiel glares daggers at me.
He and Sam were sitting in the living room of the Novak house. Sam had his head rested on Gabriel’s shoulder as they watched a movie Dean’s brother adored. Dean was an avid hater of chick flicks and could hardly contain his disgust. Sam believed in romance, and he had gotten his romance in Gabriel. Dean was happy for his brother, if not slightly envious. Sam had always been one for relationships. And Dean had always been the one nighter. He had never been unhappy about it. Not until Castiel.
Dean wants and has to protect his family.
"I can't believe my boys have been through that much together and haven't fallen apart because of me yet." John sighed and looked down at his calloused hands. "It's no wonder how they're much stronger than me when they're together and apart. I could barely keep myself together."
Jesse turned towards the vampire and the saved soul. "It's a long story to catch up on," he informed them.
"Are you sure about this Agent? I've heard from her mother that the patient is quite a handful."
Sam and Castiel looked at him with pity while Gabriel glared at him. It was Sam who spoke up. "Dean, you know we didn't know at the time... we only assumed."
The young girl's face crumpled in dismay and turned away from the cup of water. It was a good enough answer for John.
The demon John had held in captivity sneered at him and boasted about Azazel's plan and didn't care if he was going to be sent to Hell to be dealt with. The demon believed that Azazel will win, with or without Sam's help. John sent him to Hell before stalking away back to the hotel where they originally posed as Ms. Vera Wang's niece, Ning, with her bodyguard, Mr. Alfred Wayne.
Nikita smiled at the sweet nickname and nodded.
"..."
Now, the angel was baking some goods for Claire, Ben, and Nikita when they get out from school and come back to the Bunker. He preheated the oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit while lining baking sheets with parchment paper for amaretti cookies*, which were one of Claire's favorite as a kid. He already took out the banana nut muffins** for Ben from the oven to check on them with a toothpick. When he was satisfied, he placed them on a rack beside Nikita's finished blueberry buckle***.
Nikki and Jesse were on their way to run from the door until the question was asked. They turned to her and the former answered her. "Close." She grinned at Bela and tilted her head towards another young feminine teenager up ahead in the hallways, wearing a baggy white shirt with blue jeans, and holding a musical pipe while having no shoes on his bare feet. "Want to follow us? We can catch up on what you missed."
".....where's Dad? DAAAAAAD! DEAN! CAS! THEY'RE WRESTLING IN THE LIBRARY!" Dean would have left the fight alone if his foster sister wasn't around, but now that it seems as if she's at the crossfire of these troublemakers...
John chuckled and moved to follow Sam to the 1967 Chevrolet Impala, which was unlocked at the moment because he knew his son's eagerness for school, but was stopped by Dean. "Oh, dude, what's wrong?" He asked him.
Everyone shivered at the idea of eating the meat.
Nikki took a deep breath and closed her eyes deeply, concentrating on Gabriel's celestial power while holding hands with said archangel. Her family watched her carefully, wary yet in awe of how the shadows behind her formed a grand set of nicely feather-shaped wings. Before this moment and in between life events since she came to the Bunker, Nikki had been training silently with Gabriel to access any gift that Gabriel's father had given her.
a virgin! He's a teenager, for crying out loud!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"That's the bloody thing that's strange! She's purely human with a pure soul and she thinks my red eyes when they turn are sexy!"
John turned to his youngest son and winked. "You heard your brother. Go pack and we'll be going to Salvation, Iowa." And with that, he fled down the stairs and went to pack up his own stuff.
"Cas..." Dean began and shook his head. "I'm always a hunter, through and through. I've tried the full non-hunting life and it hasn't stuck."
Nikita couldn't help but crack a smile at that, despite her chapped lips starting to bleed. John noticed this and cursed softly, taking out a clean handkerchief from his pocket and pressing it damply against her lips. "Do you need some water?"
“You stay in the car, I’ll go.” Dean says, when Kaia starts opening her door.
They all stand in awe, watching as Cas gets back on his feet, his fingers hesitantly touching his face, looking up at the sun, shining proudly against his skin, and then at them, his family.
Claire leaves it at that, going back to staring outside the window.
Dean has never swallowed blades, but he is sure that is exactly how it feels. “This isn’t easy for me.” He eventually says and hates how condescending he sounds.
Cas returns to his place on the couch, only a bit closer to Dean.
Some days he can’t push himself to return home; he does, though, aware that walking into a bar in the state he is in is simply not an option. But Jody is. She offered him shelter more times than he can count ever since Cas died, and Dean knows he can drive all the way to Sioux Falls and he’ll always find a hot plate and a cheap romcom waiting for him.
“Are we going as FBI? They still have doubts when they see me.”
“And Sam doesn’t want him back?” Claire asks after a while.
“Jackie, Patience is at a friend’s house, so you can sleep in her room. I asked Alex to stay in my room tonight, so there’s her room too, but she has a single bed, so I’m afraid one will have to take the couch.” She explains, almost apologizing.
“I know it sounds mental, but I can’t tell you.”
“There is a message I, I, I must deliver. A mission from above.”
“Oh so that’s what all this is about?”
Claire used to open up with him quite a lot once, Dean isn’t sure how they got so close in such a short amount of time, perhaps it was the troubled youth and parental trauma, or it had something to do with how intensively they both experience emotions. Or maybe Dean was just the second best thing next the man who was wearing her father’s body and who, in a way, became her father as well. In any case, that familiarity is gone now; as they avoid eye-contact for longer than a moment, Dean knows Claire can barely hold herself together in his presence.
“I say we pull over and check, just to make sure.” Cas suggests.
“So what’s the plan? You stay away, busy with your virginity project, until a miracle happens and Dean is healed?”
“S-Sam” He choked.
“Wait!” Claire yells, following him down the hallway. “You forgot your keys.”
“Did you want to?”
“I did find him.”
“Right. Besides, I don’t know many demons who wear lipstick. Wouldn’t mind if they did.”
“I joined a support group, but to do so you needed to be a virgin.”
Anger is something familiar to both of them, so neither gets scared when control slips a little. They both have changed through the years, and even Claire, who used to be one of the angriest teenagers Dean had ever met, has lost her edges, softened by the unconditional love that has been given to her, by Jody, Cas, Kaia and all of them. Resentment is something else, something harder to get rid of, Dean knows it because often when he looks at Claire, he can’t help but see himself. The only way is to explode, unleash all the bitterness that has been building up and hope the person on the receiving end is willing to take the hit. Except Dean is not at all equipped for that. So he tries to change the subject.
“So, this is better? Knowing I’m stuck with him the whole time?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, I didn’t know how.”
“To Stanford, or whatever university is gonna accept a senior citizen like yourself. I don’t know, man. I figured now that things have settled a little you might want to go back to school, finish your degree.”
It seemed that John wanted to dodge the Heavenly Father issue completely (especially with Gabriel's quick mental breakdown a couple of hours earlier) because he quickly changed subjects. "What did you enjoy about humanity the most, then?"
Dean listened for more, because he could have sworn hearing an elderly woman's voice argue with an elderly man's voice. Soon enough, he heard the woman's voice, but she sounded... worse... than being possessed...
She let out a deeper frown. "You're human?"
John and Nikita gaped at him.
He entered the room slowly after unlocking it with his tools and checked the area. It appeared as though the family checked out, but John could see where Dean heard the struggles of a possible physical argument between family on the wall near the corner of a bed.
"Hunt?" Nikita chirped up with curiosity. John's eyes widened and he slapped his forehead with the palm of his hand. "Shit! You weren't supposed to know that! Just - nevermind. We're gonna stay at a motel for a few days while I work and we'll be going somewhere away from here."
Gabriel sadly nodded, causing the others to gape in shock. "Dean, I suggest you turn around and focus on driving. We have about 5 hours left to reach to the cabins in Salvation." He turned towards John again. "That's why Nikita Yuson shouldn't have existed, yet somehow fit into the plane of existence, so the Fates didn't think anything was wrong. Father deliberately made sure this fledgling was to be under the disguise as Caylao Tuico in Canada. Instead of being born there, she was born in Los Angeles. Someone must have messed with the information, because she somehow interfered with the Winchester timeline..." The archangel trailed off and his eyes widened, but then shook his head. "No, my Father is not that messed up of a man. Only he could have altered her birth records, but... no, he's not that much a dead-beat dad. I can't... I can't..." He trailed off as he took a deep breath to calm down and lowered his head in his hands.
One of the other girls who just moved next to Claire's single dorm room popped her head in. She had pale skin, short and curly hair of a dull blonde color, and large hazel eyes. "Hi! I'm you're neighbor, Doris Lovegood! You must be the new freshman here! I'm a sophomore here and have volunteered to escort you around campus." She spoke with a slight accent. Sam couldn't help but remember that Nikita's dentist, Dr. Granger, had a similar accent, but dismissed the thought.
Even the Zanna are included.
Jesse turned to Nikki with a grave expression on his face. "If Adam is indeed in Heaven, which soul do we rescue to get out of Hell with Bela?"
"...Dad, who is Nikita to us?" Sam had to ask.
Also: Dean & Ben meet again!
"Dean! I don't mean that!"
Gabriel rolled his eyes and made way to the door. "Move, Winchester. I can handle this." The short archangel strode over to the frozen wooden door and kicked it, smashing the entire door into smithereens.
Claire walked into the kitchen and frowned. "I'm siding with Sam on this one, Gabe - I don't think I'm up for partying. Also, Doris keeps getting calls from her mother overseas about this party being a bad idea. Doris wants to cancel the party - "
"Welcome to Wonderland!"
She luckily snapped out of her thoughts in time to duck when an eruption of green fire was aimed toward her. She quickly got up and ran away from the crazy people back into the local clearing, where John said he'd surprise her with something as a 2nd part of her birthday gift.
"I fucked up."
Dean contemplated on the information for a moment before nodding and turned to his younger brother. "So what does she look like? Is she still in California? I know we're on the other side of the country, but I can always give Dad a call so he could check it out." Sam scoffed when their father was mentioned. Dean frowned. "Hey, he cares, too! There was this one time when I was 17 and you were 13 yourself, and Dad took us to a saddle ranch resort where I witnessed by ear of bad parenting. I told Dad all about it and he went his way to check it out before we left, remember?"
Her voice breaks as she says it. And I feel my heart constrict.
What. The. Fuck?
Dean smirked, saying “Dare,” even though everyone knew Cas came up with the most twisted ideas. Cas frowned, taken aback slightly. No one chose dare when he was involved. Cas bit his lower lip as he thought of a dare that could unnerve Dean Winchester.
the mantra repeated in Cas’ mind as the man swerved his car sharply into Castiel’s. The cars collided and Castiel’s entire frame flew forward, the seatbelt digging painfully into Castiel’s chest and glass shattered all around him. He felt something crush against his ribs and his mind went black as all the air was knocked out of him.
“Do you know the story of Saladin and Melchizedek? – asked Sam as he closed a big dusty book about middle eastern law – The one about the father who loves all of his sons equally, but has to pass on his golden ring to only one of them so, to avoid an inevitable fight between them, he decides to make two exact replicas of the ring and summons each son individually to tell them they are the chosen one and, once the father is dead, the sons realize he hadn’t chosen at all. — I wonder if dad would have done the same, had he been in that position.”
“We could take the bus” Claire suggests, pointing at a bus stop nearby.
The last time they saw each other, Dean hadn’t left the bunker in a month and slept two hours per night at best. He had waved Jack goodbye from ten feet away, too exhausted to stand on his own legs without leaning against a wall, or to speak, to be fair; while Sam hugged him tight and promised to go see him every weekend.
And Dean knows Sam isn’t just talking about him getting an education, but mostly about him starting to live again, which, from how Dean sees it, is absolutely an overstatement.
Nothing’s changed, he still carries the impossible weight of being alive and the burning wound of his absence everywhere he goes.
Sam recognized Rowena’s technique as she laid the cards on the table, it was the Celtic cross, he remembered one of his friends from college doing a reading in his room once.
Jacks hears Dean yell from upstairs.
. If he did, Dean wouldn’t feel as if his ribcage was seconds away from breaking with the weight of his lungs and the beating of his heart.
“They are called Rit Zien, they are a special brand of angel. Their mission is healing the wounded and putting those who can’t be saved out of their misery.”
Dean’s throat was tight, but he whispered: “This is bad Bobby, I would be more trouble than you think. I can’t ask you this.”
They don’t talk much on the drive back, Dean could fill a whole library with all the things he wants to tell Cas, but there is something hanging in the air, dancing to the notes of Cas’ favorite tape, playing softly in the background. A sense of reassurance, penetrating deep underneath Dean’s skin. They can talk about everything later, on their way to the Bunker, in Dean’s room after dinner, at the kitchen table the next morning. Suddenly, it feels almost exciting to be alive.
“Dean, I don’t want you to die.”
Castiel’s face remained still, a frown barely visible.
Sam took a deep breath before he started to speak, “When I was only six months old my mother was burnt in a terrible housefire and my father was left to raise my brother Dean and I. He was an angry man, consumed by grief and regret, overworked and dissatisfied with anything in his life. A strong tendency towards alcoholism and – well, I guess you know that already. Anyway, Dean was everything to me, he cooked my meals and washed my clothes, dressed me up for school and – protected me not just from our father, but from life. That kind of love was, uh, overwhelming, so when I started to feel crushed, I ran away. I made a lot of mistakes, almost thrown my life away a few times. But, you see, Dean was always there. Not once he flickered or wavered, ever since I can remember. And all of a sudden he is coughing blood on the floor, laying on a hospital bed, barely alive. -- After all the suffering I have brought him, all I feel like doing is bringing him more. I prayed God to guide me through, to either enlighten my path or show me a better way, but His silence has led me here, which I guess is still better than a stranger’s car. I’m begging you to tell me what to do. Just, please, tell me what to do.”
“Yeah, as good as any, at this point.”
But “how have you been holding up?” Cas asks, with the usual heartbreaking sincerity.
It all started with a wheezing sound all around the apartment, then the lights in the living room started to flicker, of course the lights started to flicker. Dean tried to brush it off, after all it was an old building and his legs were hurting. No one was going to come. But then the TV in Sam’s room turned itself on at full volume just for the apartment to fall into silence in a few seconds, making Dean’s skin crawl.
” The voice, however, was strong and raw, almost as if it was coming from inside the walls, spread all around the room.
“Yeah, I’ve been told.”
“So,– he begins, unsure on how to end his sentence – how is it going between you two?” he gestures Kaia, only a portion of her legs visible from the half-closed door.
“Dude, you name your dog Miracle, you can’t expect her to stick around. She’s probably on a mission on God’s behalf or something.”
Dean catches the two exchange a roguish grin and seconds later Smile by Avril Lavigne starts playing at a ridiculously high volume.
It didn’t last long, Rowena was able to strike at the core of Sam’s self-doubt a couple of times and at one point he even felt like he was about to cry, right there, in front of a perfect stranger. In the end, however, Sam couldn’t stop himself from asking: “Is this all? Don’t get me wrong, you were really, really good, but you barely mentioned my brother, how is that possible?”
“How’s work?”
“A demon? Why would I be a demon?”
Cas’ hand shifts on Dean’s shoulder and it’s so exhilarating that Dean lets out a small chuckle; it’s still stings a bit, his subconscious painfully conscious of the months of despair behind him, but for once sadness doesn’t leave a stain.
“Impossible. You don’t have friends that I don’t know, so it must be a girl.”
“Everything alright, Dean?” she asks, looking at the mess Jack has made, but mostly at Dean.
“Dean it’s not about that, but why —“
“I can explain…”
. – I want you to know… I don’t expect anything from this… I’m sorry it took me so long to… You don’t have to say it back…”
“Donna is coming over, I don’t want you two to waste all the time you have together listening to My Chemical Romance or to them arguing over videogames, you probably want some intimacy too.”
“You’re in
But in a moment her smile was back, “and eat more, bestie, you really do look like shit.”
“To stay out of trouble. Orders of the Empty.”
Dean has been cutting his hair every few weeks since he was a child, a mechanical gesture he enacts mostly without thinking. But during the last few months, when he could hardly leave his bed, let alone reach the sink and fix his appearance, his hair had grown quite a bit, his beard too, to the point where he could barely recognize the image staring back at him in the mirror. He doesn’t tell that to Claire, though. “Maybe I should.”
“Yes, I do. You deserve to hear it, because it’s true.”
“You’re really smart, Kaia.” Jack notes in admiration.
“It is good for the dog — Sam mumbled — look, I’m sorry, you know I am. I miss Miracle too. But what’s up with you today, man? You’re in a particularly bad mood.”
“Or he was lying.”
“Oh it got worse, but no need to worry about that now.”
“This day-out,
“Why would he?”
, his mind a hollow cave, with the same words echoing over and over.
“You alright?”
Alice <3
“I’m sorry.” He whispered as he collapses to the floor.
The first time Bobby came to visit, Dean had an oxygen tube and felt his back sweaty despite the cold chills reaching the tips of his fingers. Besides the discomfort, though, he was half asleep watching a cooking program.
“Actually, there’s something I’ve gotta do. With Cas.”
He tries again, and this time it’s a little easier. His throat is still tight, but at least Michael is silent, it’s just the two of them and the open road.
“Miracle still hasn’t come home”
“It’s true, we should get used to it.
“I think we should buy a house. For the two of us, – Dean specifies – and the kids too, if they want.”
“I sense so much pain in this room, lurking from the walls.”
“Let’s go for a swim.” Dean suggests, already starting to take off his shirt. Cas gives him an amused look.
He can handle stress, hell, he has handled much worse. Besides, the thought of feeling something, anything, other than the same old echoing sadness, seems more than appealing.
“You said we wouldn’t talk about Dean.”
“Of course. – Cas is quick to answer, almost too quick, and Dean’s sleep-deprived brain is already starting to loop, but then he adds – The relationships I formed on Earth on the last twelve years are what matters the most to me. My Heaven was empty, just faded memories, a pale sense of contentment, more than actual joy. A repetitive sequence rolling for eternity. For all that matters, there are no clocks in Heaven; I could have been gone for fifty years.”
“No, I know. But, see, I also thought you two might want a bit of –
“Your friend Meg. Your mother has been fucking her for the last year.”
“Bobby will be here soon. He left for the supermarket as soon as you texted me, I think he wants to make one of his special recipes.” Jack seems so delighted that it breaks Dean’s heart, and, for a moment, he considers keeping quiet about what he knows and just give the kids a nice Sunday all together, saving them any more suffering. But Claire knows too, and she would never let Dean get away with his cowardice.
“What’s so funny?” Dean asked, who was sitting next to his brother on the bench.
Dean nods, bile suddenly in his mouth.
“What do you mean
.” She mocks him, ending the sentence with a lower tone.
“Dean what are you doing?” Cas asks, the third time Dean walks into the living-room with a disoriented look on his face.
“I’m ready!” Jack answers, taking the bowl and the glass from the table, which proceed to fall from his hands the moment Kaia screams “Surprise birthday boy!” from behind Jack’s back.
“Dad would have simply chosen his favorite, I’m afraid. Whoever that was.” Dean answered, while he grabbed the controller to turn down the TV volume. He knew Sam’s little speech was only meant to introduce something more personal and, most likely, uncomfortable.
“Threshold of revelation.”
“Man this new drug they gave me —“
“Yes, you’ll see.”
“Don’t say that.” Sam said a second later, his hands clinging on the bench’s rotten wood.
“I can’t.”
Jack, though, can’t help but think that his birthday just keeps getting better. “Actually, I think it would be cool to have Uncle Crowley here too.”
“They could still think I got it from a prostitute, I heard it happens sometimes. — Or that I’m a junkie. Lots of marvelous options. Although no one seems mad, which I assume leaves only one option out. Should I feel relieved? I do feel relieve, to an extent.”
“Alright, alright. – Bobby declares, raising both his hands – I hoped it would make more sense the third time I heard it, but it doesn’t. So I guess I’m making lunch for five, just in case.” He shrugs, disappearing inside the kitchen.
“Thank you.” There’s something in the way Cas holds Dean’s clothes, like a part of Dean was trapped inside the fabric.
“If you don’t come back. – her throat seems tight, despite the fierce look on her face – If you kill yourself to join him and you leave me here, I swear to God, or whatever, that I’ll make sure Rowena drags your ass to hell and tortures you for all of eternity.” Her message isn’t delivered as she probably intended, tears chocking her halfway through it, but it still rips a whole in Dean’s chest. “No, of course not. I’d never do that to you.”
“My time is up. I will return.”
TW suicide ideation is mentioned more explicitly here, so please be careful if this is something you're sensitive to.
“Alright.” Dean surrenders, raising both his hands and pulling over.
Dean hesitates, but then he meets Cas’ gaze, encouraging and loving, “Oh, fuck it.” he shrugs, joining the slightly out of tune choir as they all sing at the top of their lungs.
“My lungs are pretty fucked up, and I’ve had a few stomach problems. Some days I have a hard time breathing that’s why they’re keeping me here, but apparently I might be going home soon.”
to get off my chest first.” And it is the truth, to be fair. The only difference is that there is nothing hypothetical in what Dean is about to do.
, a thought Dean can’t contain when Cas cradles his face, as if he waited a thousand years just to get to that moment.
“Hell, yeah.”
“Saved how? – Dean could feel frustration tightening his throat – Can you even fix me?”
“Listen, maybe it’s just a panic attack.” Dean suggested, when Sam came back, but, in truth, he could tell the difference distinctively well: his lungs didn’t just feel tight, they seemed full, bloody.
Castiel laughed, a clean, weightless sound.
“The Great Work Begins.”
Dean couldn’t agree more, nothing, no small accident or half-tragedy, compared to the enormity of the suffering he has endured in the last ten years would ever be able to compete.
“Greetings, Prophet.”
“Look at this, – Claire comments, her face almost inside the bag resting on her thighs – she doesn’t treat me so well when I’m on my own, or with Kaia.”
There was a reason his legs hurt so much; when Benny had left, urging him not to do anything stupid, Dean had proceeded to sit on the kitchen floor with a hammer in his hands, trying to break the tiles under the sink, looking for the damn book Castiel was so anxious for him to find. And he did find it. An old, dusty, leather book, with its pages blank and torn. So he called for him, like Castiel had asked him, with an obedience he couldn’t quite understand, but also couldn’t help. Castiel, however, didn’t show. Eventually he had gotten tired of standing up, trying to find comfort in the idea that perhaps it was all a massive drugs-induced hallucination. That maybe he had always known about a strange book buried under his kitchen tiles.
“Then how am I supposed to accomplish whatever mission I was chosen for if I’m stuck in this hospital bed?”
“Dear, why am I astral projecting here? Who are you?” Dean looked behind him, a man around his age was standing a few feet away.
“Don’t. Please don’t. I love the voice, and the dreams too. If you tell him, they’ll change the drug just to spoil the fun.”
They arrive for lunch, which they eat in their motel room, the TV on just to fill the silence as they search through police reports on the deaths.
Sam’s voice was shaking violently and, for a moment, Benny’s look softened.
“My name’s Crowley.” And Dean didn’t fail to notice how the man straightened his back, in an attempt to look solemn.
Cas lets out another chuckle, light and sincere, and Dean feels tears pricking the corner of his eyes. He needs two deep breaths before he can look at Cas again.
“Brother.”
“What is that supposed to mean?”
There is another silence, which this time Dean isn’t sure Claire is going to fill.
“I believe you.” She tells him with a smile, wiping away tears with the back of her hand. “Now shut up and listen to my sad little gay songs.”
Plan "Save a Winchester & Talbot" commences and Jesse, the cambion, and Nikki, the nephilim, will be going to Hell. The Piper Boy decides to tag along, much to Sam's chagrin.
Dean quickly counted the hunting pack silently. His father was reading a few books by the shelves, Gabriel was on Sam's back, Sam was ignoring said archangel as he taught Nikita the common core education for high school in preparation to going to school soon, and he himself is currently holding Castiel's hand as they're reading a book. He didn't realize they were holding hands but he wasn't going to let go.
The nephilim-like child shrugged. "When I woke up from my coma spell, Dad was alive and saving me from a crumbling cabin." She answered simply.
"I like the way you're thinking, Cas." Dean smirked at him and subconsciously held Castiel's hand. In return the angel subconsciously squeezed Dean's hold on his hand.
His younger son snorted while finishing on drying his hair. "You're not
"Cas, you ready for work?" Dean called out as he finished tying his boots.
"NO FUCKING WAY!" Dean roared into the phone, despite the call being on speakerphone.
She glanced at the wall where John pinned several news articles with strings. She got up slowly from the bed and frowned, not getting the connection, but feeling that there was one.
The angel's eyebrows were raised as he turned to a sheepish Sam.
Sam fitched under Castiel's stare.
The principal quickly interrupted as he strolled into the room. "Mrs. Halpern! How dare you shout at a student! Go to my office -
Nikita nodded and looked down at a book she was reading, which was open on a chapter about different types of demons. She flipped a page and started reading while asking another question. "Why are we looking for another hunt? Shouldn't we deal with the spirit known as the Woman in White?"
The elderly man looked at her in surprise before shaking his head and chuckling slightly. "When did you get to be such a smartass?" He asked rhetorically.
Claire, who was lining salt by the doorway with a special line casing to make it permanent, whipped her head around and made a disgusted noise in her throat. "Ew! Uncle Gabe, that's gross! Uncle Sam won't do that to me!" Sam, too, strengthened his bitch face at the archangel.
"...so you were human twice, though the recent time was a full blown crash course in humanity for ya, before you got grace in you."
"Oh no, don't you finish that sentence!" John grumbled as he got up to get himself a sandwich and a beer. "Ain't no such thing as unicorns!" He hollered while retreating from the Library, earning a heartfelt laugh out of Sam.
John snorted and turned his head towards the door with his hand cupped to his mouth, yelling, "SAM! SAMMY BOY, TIME FOR YOUR UNCLE SAM DUTIES! IT'S NIKKI'S FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL!"
"...that's because he doesn't know. My mom lied to him and me years ago... and now that she and I remember who he is - "
" - but then again you Winchesters never liked the easy way out, so you're always going to regret not
Contrary to popular belief, his father taught him great moral values (despite wanting revenge for the death of his wife).
"Nikki! It's time to go to school! Your first day, sweetie!" John exclaimed as he pushed the open door. Unfortunately, he had chosen the wrong door and instead stumbled into Dean's room.
Sam had pulled out his laptop and WiFi hardrive, to which John verbally wondered where the fuck they came from and how did he miss the turns of technology, and looked up Abbie Harker. He nodded solemnly to Dean, who was driving while gritting his teeth due to several emotions going through him.
That's right! Gabriel has brought John Winchester back from Heaven! Plus with his additional memories that got wiped away in the time travel! :)
She heard another floorboard creak closer to her room and she panicked, quickly moving onto the bed while laying the thick book of spells at the foot of the bed. It wouldn't take long for this Metatron guy to find a small handle on the floor inside the closet, where she's currently hiding in.
The young group tensed but the man shook his head. "Relax, I ain't gonna hurt ya if you're this innocent, based on the little girl here." He gestured to the Piper Boy, to which the Zanna squawked at him. "Hey, I'm a boy!"
How is that not an emergency for you?!"
The young girl nodded and gently closed the book shut. "Maybe... if I could get my hands on a witchcraft book, I could attempt to duplicate the bullets?"
"Yes, sir. So are you going to look for Nikita - I mean, if you have the time because Mom's killer is still out here somewhere - "
Gabriel gulped and sheepishly grinned, though it slipped quickly as Dean and Castiel continued to glare at him. "Alright! Alright! So I threw a big bad party! What's the big deal?!" He cried out in exasperation.
The doctor sighed and gestured to lower his voice. "You'll wake the other children in the pediatric ward, Agent Morgan. I'm just glad Nikita has someone who's actually watching for her now. It used to be only a student training to be a nurse - I think her name was Jessica Moore - with her caring boyfriend who's studying to be a lawyer. I think his name was Sam Winchester?" He shook his head. "Either way, it was tragic of what happened with Jessica. I was about to hire her as my medical assistant at the Child Protection Services in Palo Alto. Her boyfriend, Sam, was going to surprise her on her first day of work by working as a lawyer in one of their offices, too."
"That's easy! It's the Bunker!" Dean interrupted with a smile slowly growing on his face. He felt happy that his own father would have given him custody of someone he cherishes in case he dies.
John had answered his phone while grabbing his stuff from the front lawn of a cabin and putting it in his black truck. "Yeah, Dean, I'm okay. I feel kinda dizzy and I'm starting to remember being here - "
"I've noticed half the time that you stare at my eldest son more than my youngest, and that you spend more time with Dean than a regular person would as friends."
1. I edited this story a bit after posting the 5th chapter. I realize that maybe I made a couple of mistakes in the story but I'm not going to fix them because it's a fanfic. There's bound to be mistakes, so long as the story is executed and makes sense to the readers.
The angel climbed out of the Impala and walked towards Dean. "I seem to recall an earlier conversation in 'Baby' about your discontinued education. Perhaps we can put you in community college for part time? We all still believe you can achieve a degree in education."
(By the way, please ignore some slight errors in my past writing, especially where Bobby Singer was referred to as "Bobby Smith". Fucking auto correct...)
The hunter shook his head in reply and quickly made breakfast for him and the angel. "Nah, he's not a pain in my ass. It's actually a compliment to have one of my favorite TV heroes come to life actually work at my shop AND ogle my ass every now and then." He grinned and winked at Castiel, to which the angel chuckled in reply and glanced casually at Dean's backside.
"Alright, so we've got decent clothes for my family for at least a month, now we just have to go looking for normal clothes for you - " Dean stopped speaking once he noticed his friend was gone. He turned around and quickly found him standing still by the window of a random jewelry store.
John blinked and scratched his head. "Hmm... actually, yeah, I remember a nurse with that name... he helped Nikki and had this Victoria Secret umbrella..." He trailed off and narrowed his eyes at the archangel as he suddenly remembered who Gabriel reminded him of. "
Both Dean and Sam's jaws dropped in shock, then their faces switched to anger, causing the angels and demon in the room to slowly back away and zap into the kitchen.
"...that's horrible... how could they do that to a young child?"
Castiel frowned. "Brother, I seem to be not getting the relevance to your epiphany of your lost memories with this... Doctor... and this Captain you speak of."
Everyone stared at the archangel in awe, except for John, who nodded in appreciation before running through the very cold living room for Nikita. Gabriel followed him as the rest of the group slowly walked in through the rubble of the door's remains.
"Or he could just magic it up, like we do!" Sully chimed in as he appeared with Weems. Only Alex and Jack jumped up at the sudden apparition. Everyone else remained unfazed.
"Well, the man does care about us and children, Sammy. He just has a hard way of showing it." Dean shook his head and sighed. "Anyway, I remember the girl being 4 years old and having tan skin, hazel eyes - her eyes were shaped like crescent moons, a button nose, and long black hair. I think she had a teenage sister and elderly-like parents, from the way the voices were like."
, where soon-to-be hunters go for training after figuring out whether they are suited for the hunting life.
This takes place on St. Patrick's Day, meaning something bad is going down, with the Winchester and Campbell luck.
The nephilim glanced up at one of her older brothers, Sam. She smiled softly yet tiredly. "Hey, Sam. I was looking up stuff about Imaginary Friends."
"....hey, dad." The young man sheepishly grinned and waved shyly at the married couple.
Castiel quickly glanced at Gabriel by the doorway with a nonchalant reply. "Then my body wouldn't work out. It would be quite pudgy like Gabriel's." He ignored the indignant sound of "Hey!" coming from Gabriel.
Suddenly, Benny heard a soft hissing sound and gasp from two different people. He turned around and looked down in shock at Jesse's arm cut with Jesse's other hand holding a small pocket knife. The young teen grinned at him. "I got this from my current foster mother. She's Australian," he explained with a chuckle.
He frowned as he overheard his brother calling out for Sulli's blood and decided to ignore it, until he overheard Sulli calling out for Nikki's help with her own Zanna -
The runes suddenly glowed blue and blasted a frostful of air, knocking Nikita out on the bed unconscious. The blue frost of air also blasted a startled Rowena and Metatron back out the cabin and disappear into nonexistence, pushing them back in their own timeline. John, on the other hand, crashed out onto the grass outside of the cabin by his truck and woke up. He groggily got up with a groan and glanced at his truck.
Sam hesitantly nodded at the small memory. "I didn't think he'd do that for anyone."
Found the image from this chapter on Google Images.
She glanced at the book in her grasp, then at the small bed behind her that was placed there for hiding emergencies.
Sam snickered and Dean pointed the middle finger at his brother while Castiel dragged him to the garage for the Impala.
Dean bit his lip and glanced at the wall, which went noticed by his father. "Late last night I heard a specific argument... adolescents were involved and I wanted to call their parents out on the CPS, but... Dad, I didn't want CPS to find us, too..." He trailed off and looked down sadly.
Nikita's eyes widened at that remark. Her mind drew a blank for a moment, though she could catch on quickly by being quiet.
They quickly returned to Kansas via Angel air travel. Dean took care of parking the Impala in the garage exactly the way he wanted it while Gabriel and Castiel gave Nikita and John the 411 of what happened and who Nikita really is. Afterward, she stared off into the distance and nodded, though she felt so much more gloom and alarm at once with her new identity in reveal. John sat beside her through the whole ordeal silently as they both absorbed the information in the Library.
"By the way," Dean started speaking, "we've been together for so fucking long - a month! We've had our door open so you could have walked in and noticed us cuddling. Why did it take you this long to figure it out?"
"What?" Sam asked when he glanced up from what he was reading, which was a contract of rights made by John Winchester that was approved by the Yuson family's lawyer.
didn't mind being the "little spoon" most of the time.
There was a sudden knock at the door.
Both Nikki and the Piper Boy stared at him for a long moment.
"Man... oh hey, how's the kid, by the way?"
Everyone in the car stared at Castiel.
"I get the feeling that they exist... I mean, despite the fact that both of us has had crappy lives, I think we... if you and your family haven't noticed me before, I think.... no, I
When he heard the door open and close, Dean decided to peek out the window, without breaking the salt lines, to watch who the soft spoken voice was. His eyes widened in shock at a (thankfully unscarred) young girl who looked to be about 4 years old holding the (thankfully clean) knife carefully with a napkin and climbing down the stairs to throw the knife away in the trashcan. Dean also noticed how the little girl's clothing was more second-handed than his own and Sammy's clothes. Her clothes looked too loose on her body and were slightly torn at the seams.
"I can make you a professor in the institution AND a dean! You can be in charge since Hannah's already in charge of Heaven upstairs and will need the help of an archangel. Obviously we'll have the common core education to help those who haven't graduated from high school like Deano here, but we can offer majors such as Religion, Mythology, Voodoo - ALSO we can have Master degrees in Latin and other linguistics, Runes, and Rituals, Witches -" Gabriel took a big gasp at a sudden epiphany. "WE COULD BE LIKE HOGWARTS!"
As simple as that.
They were buried separately, but before you burn their bones, you move them into one grave. They deserve at least that much, you think.)
The bunker is your home, so it makes sense to you that Cas has a room in it. Specifically one right next to yours, although it might have been a little too cruel to put him so close, to put temptation just a few steps away. It’s easy, on the lonely nights you no longer fill with strangers, to forget why you can’t go to him. Why you can’t slip into his bed instead of yours and ask him to hold you. To let you hold him.
Cas does die, that part is true, but it doesn’t break you. It doesn’t twist you and shake you until you feel like you’re left with only one option. You are not the obedient soldier that once followed in your father’s footsteps.
Your mind latches onto that fact. Ozone and something else. Something that makes your brain go a little cross eyed, like there’s a blanket laying heavy on a sense you do not have. He looks about as human as a monster can, but he doesn’t feel it. He feels ancient and powerful and holy. He feels like an angel.
What he says:
He leans into your touch and closes his eyes like he wants to dissolve into you just as badly as you want to absorb him.
But it's too late for that now.
Sammy is gone, but at least you know where. John is gone, and you can guess which state he’s in. Every time he checks in to see if you’re still kicking, it feels like he’s tugging on the end of your leash.
and your second is
And Cas doesn’t come back.
Still fondness and affection and the urge to protect.
You keep hunting, and eventually, it kills you. Just like you always thought it would.
What you say:
It is one thing to think that all the shitty things that happened to you were just cosmic bad luck, it is quite another to know that they were intentional. To know that there’s a higher power out there watching over it all, and for some reason he decided to fuck you specifically over.
—every night anyway.
You beat Chuck, and you don’t kill him this time either, but you let slip to Charlie (apocalypse edition) that the man responsible for her girlfriend’s disappearance is roaming around, and you can hardly be held responsible for what she does with that information. And this time, when Jack brings everyone back, he starts with his real father.
There is a hunger inside you. It is there because your mother is dead and your father turned away from you. It is there because you had to earn so much of the love you’ve received through blood and violence. It is there because you’re only worth as much as you can kill, and you need to be reminded that not everyone thinks that. There is a hunger inside you because nobody ever fed it, and you don’t have the strength to feed it yourself.
A secret: You don’t want him to hate you.
You don’t know what your face must look like when Cas returns from the Empty and the first thing he sees is you. You know there are tears in your eyes and your voice scratches when you say his name. You know it catches him off guard, brings more confusion to his face than the standard disorientation of an unexpected resurrection.
you. Because he is admitting to so much pain and hardship and that is
You recognize this.
, and he’d never needed a reason to look at you like that before, but it feels different this time. More damning. Maybe he’s just been thinking about Mary again.
spend so much goddamn time mentally shoving the voice of your father into a box, and then crushing that box with a baseball bat every time it pops up just for you to now accept some other Father and all His expectations. Nope. Nu-uh. Not gonna happen.
Okay so you’re drunk. Like, the bottle’s got a hole in it levels of drunk.
when it crosses your lips. He looks up at you through his eyelashes, and you’re ready to surrender to his sky blue eyes. They are vast and deep, and if wanting to fall into them makes you a sinner, then repentance isn’t worth it.
Here is the thing about beating God: there is no further room to escalate. Your whole life has been one world ending event after another, always overlapping just enough to give you the sense that when this apocalypse is stopped, another one will be waiting over the horizon.
. He looks up at you with wide eyes and speaks of faith as if it is something to be treasured. He admonishes you gently as if you were a misguided, but endearing child. He smells like ozone.
Cas, who is no longer Castiel, angel of the lord in your mind, but something else. Some
: love is more dangerous than any monster. A monster can only kill you, but love is what can break you. When you’re a hunter, love is a secret best kept close to the chest. It’s something that must play out in the creases, scribbled in the margins. Love is when you think of Bobby first and John second when you’re asked the name of your father. Love is when you call him in a panic, and know he will calm you down. It is every unthinking moment of trust, and every intentional action of devotion.
He rebelled for you. The little toy soldier at heaven’s every beck and call rebelled, and he says it was
It’s not that easy.
This determination is like nothing you’ve felt in a long time. It is anger, pure and simple. The sort you’ve rarely had the luxury to indulge in for more than a few moments at a time. (The sort that scares you, because it’s so close to becoming like his.) It burns in your gut with the intensity of a dying star, and you think this might just be what it feels like to finally snap.
She is not written into your bones. She does not beat through you like your very life blood, but it is still
(For the first time in a long time you think about being sixteen. About a boy who cradled your face and how you couldn’t return the favor because you were scared to touch him with your rough and calloused palms. Because he deserved better than to have the texture of his skin catalogued beside the grain of a gun grip in your mind.)
You love your angel with every drop of your soul, and you know now that that doesn’t mean loving yourself any less. You know that loving him won’t turn you into a straightforward ghost, and that when you face your father again one day in death, he won’t have power over you anymore.
It’s not a fear that makes sense (except for how it
(You should have guessed she was crazy—she slept with
You don’t feel that now. You feel done.
. That’s okay. You can take it. You just need to keep it contained, keep Sammy out of it. But what if that’s not possible anymore?
That’s not nothing.
Baby was Dad’s, but so were you. Maybe that’s why you love this car so much. It doesn’t remind you of bruises and neglect like so many of John’s things do. It is just home. It is yours more than anything else in this world ever has been—what does it matter that it was his first?
, not fester. This is a hurt that reminds you you’re alive and promises a brighter tomorrow. This is the hurt of someone in love.
Ultimately, no matter how much you learn to love each other, you are poison to her. She will burn on a ceiling for the crime of loving you, and her son will grow up with a gun in his hand—or not at all.
Here is the truth you can’t admit until you’re weary to the bone: the act itself is your least favorite part of taking a woman to bed. The thing you crave—the thing you
, you think. But it’s not. And you know that.
What he means:
and just thinking about putting a gun in them makes your stomach heave.
You recognize the pain in his eyes. The fractured, bloody,
This guilt that spreads inside you like poison is an old friend. It waltzes in without knocking and lays at your feet its many familiar gifts, chief among them a stupid, impossible wish that you were better. That you were someone he could count on, someone who could have caught him when he fell.
Besides, it’s not like you ever had faith anyway. And if you did, it would have been broken long before now. You learned to pray when you learned angels were real, but let’s be honest, you were only ever praying to one 'him,' and it sure as hell wasn’t God.
You don’t talk about it. Not the hunting, not the fact that it’s been a month and you’re still sleeping on her couch, not when you start sleeping in her bed instead.
Baby, the car that was once your father’s and is now yours. The singular point of constancy and stability in your life that is so severely lacking in both. You know Baby better than you know yourself. You could take her engine apart blind folded, and you could put it back together in your sleep. You’ve spent hours upon hours learning every nook and cranny of her chassis, every secret of her engine. You know the pattern her tires leave in the dirt and the exact shade of paint you have to buy to touch her up. You know the secrets carved into her by small hands, and the history sprawled in every corner of her trunk.
And you know what he’s building to. You can feel it coming, and you beg him not to do it, because he’s about to
are writing the story, nobody else. If it goes to shit, then it goes to shit, but it will damn well be on your terms.
You don’t kiss him, but only because this has always been about so much more than that. Instead, you pull him into you. You hide your face in his neck and you hang onto him with everything you have. Like you’re trying to pull him into your body.
In another universe, the two of you met in college. You went to comicon together as Batman and Batwoman (maybe you bullied Sam into being Robin), and on the weekends, you role played as knights, always dueling for the princess’ hand (and maybe, just maybe in this alternate universe you would let her win more often than not and soothe the sting of your loss with the stable boy instead).
Every night, you hold your angel, and you sleep. You have good dreams and bad ones and you tell him about both. There are no parts of yourself cordoned off or ignored. (The memory of a boy’s hand is no longer treated as radioactive).
he says as he pushes a bag of weapons and a slim file into your arms.
You don’t want to owe him something for your life, but it’s easier to think that it is debt driving you toward him rather than any other, less quantifiable reasons.
asshole.
Angels: real, and fucking assholes.
You’re not sure if it’s worse to think that you left something behind down there or that you brought something back, but either way you are not the same.
You are too tired to keep pretending you don’t know why sex makes the hunger go away.
You don’t even think he’d turn you away.
that, but here he is. Breaking all the rules again. Telling you something that deserves to be said in peace, in comfort, in
And the thing is, you weren’t supposed to ever be on the receiving end of this look. You aren’t worth dying for, and they’re all supposed to
Really, is it any surprise you fall in love with her for real this time?
More than just a name, now. A face and a body and
Your father is gone, except for all the ways that he isn’t. He’s gone, except he’s still
going to cry about it. You are going to be angry and righteous, because that’s what keeps you moving. That’s what puts adrenaline in your body and fire in your veins. That’s what keeps the shock, and the hopelessness of an unwinnable fight at bay.
The mark of it is still on your arm, raised and angry red. Your mind skirts along the implications of that before recoiling like a hand jerked away from a hot stove. There is one thing here that matters, and it is not the blue of his eyes or the shape of the mouth that is not even technically his. It is not the unwavering faith written into every crease of him or the way he looks at you.
Nothing comes for free. You know this, and surely your miraculous savior does too. Your life isn’t worth much, but you can’t imagine it was easy to retrieve, so what does he want in return? Best guess: what everyone does. He wants a weapon in his hand.
kill you.
Here’s the thing: When you hold something as bright as love so close to your chest, eventually it starts to fill you up. It seeps into the void where the sticky-dark thing used to be, and it fills it with light. With blinding, searing,
Cas who raised you from perdition and put you back together atom by atom. Who saw every terrible part of you before you even knew his name. Cas who is divine not because he is an angel, but because he is
You’ve never been particularly keen on the idea really. Utter and complete lack of self worth isn’t the same thing as
Sam would be fine if you spent a night otherwise occupied, but what if you didn’t come back in the morning? How long would it take for him to start worrying? At what point would his mind start to turn to contingencies, to backup plans. To counting what money you left him, and calculating the number of days he can stretch the groceries he has to survive until you come back. If you come back.
,’ and you believe him.
Let’s talk about the car that was your church, but became your home.
. Cas who knows about bees and doesn’t get metaphors unless you explain them. Cas who fell in love with humanity and looks at you like you’re a part of that. Cas with the broken wings and the strained grace who’s always—
you. It cuts deep into old wounds, opening them for fresh blood to spill free. This is at once your every dream come true, and your worst nightmare.
You wonder what you’d think of his vessel if it was Jimmy Novak behind the wheel instead. Would you still think his eyes are the most striking blue you’ve ever seen? Would you be so intent on memorizing the calluses of his palms if they weren’t the ones that pulled you from Hell? Would his lips look as full if they weren’t
Cas terrifies you because you know you’ll never be good enough for him—but you want to. And that wanting might just tear you apart.
You still don’t tell Sammy, but it’s not because you’re scared, it’s because you’re going to tell Cas first.
You have always known love is sacrifice, but it has never made you feel as bitter as it does when you leave her.
How once the hours you spent working on her were hours spent in contemplation and prayer to the only God you were taught to worship: your father. How he was written into her just as surely as you were. How no matter how hard you scrubbed, no volume of soap suds could scrub her clean of his touch.
). You know that there wouldn’t be a point to protecting them like that, because they’d wither. And—even more than you want them safe—you want them happy. You want them free and themselves. Sometimes, that means they aren’t safe.
And you’re sleeping. Not for a few hours at a time, but consistently. You have an alarm clock now because your body no longer springs into action on a predictable revolution of four hours. You have an alarm clock, and sometimes you turn it off. Sometimes you don’t get out of bed until noon, and when you do, you choose to walk around in slippers and a bathrobe instead of getting dressed.
You’ve heard a lot of sob stories over the years, and they’ve stopped getting to you (you’ve made them stop getting to you) but this one feels like someone’s reached inside your chest and pulled out your bleeding heart to see if it was as pathetic as they suspected. It feels like blood in your mouth, on your skin—
The wood is hard, it was built to last, but like all things, it breaks in the end. The dirt does come pouring in, but you do not choke on it. You just start climbing your way up.
This is a life of family meals and time spent together for no other reason than being with each other. It has no need of all nighters spent researching the latest threat to humanity, or hours upon hours spent driving to wherever the monsters are. You haven’t seen the inside of a motel room in months, and that’s the first time you can say that since you were four.
You are still a weapon, but it is not the whole of you. It is not all you are. It isn’t even the first thing. You are a weapon, but you are in no one’s hands but your own.
You’ve come back to life with two new certainties:
You’re in love with Cas, and you do with it the only thing you can. You scribble it into the margins and fold it into the creases. You hold it close to your chest.
You adore him. There is no dignified term for how you felt the first time you held your baby brother with the big brown eyes and the just-long-enough-to-curl-at-the-ends hair. You would have taken a bullet for him long before your body was big enough to even stop a bullet. And the reason you fought his decision to go to college wasn’t because you were jealous or trying to hold him back, it was because you were scared of losing him. Of not being there to protect him. You’re willing to admit it made you a little crazy, but you’re not willing to regret it.
you. He’s still living in the army-straight line of your shoulders, the crease between your brows, and the cold steady
Family don’t end in blood—
You do kiss him, eventually.
Let’s
There are a hundred difficult conversations in your future, but for now this is enough. Having him in your arms is enough. It is more than you could have hoped for actually, and already you can’t imagine how you ever lived without this.
Bobby wasn’t written into your bones like Sammy, but you learned to love him anyway. Bobby isn’t family by blood, but he’s still
You have a favorite coffee mug. You don’t realize you have a favorite coffee mug until Sam tries to drink from it and you slap his hand away, unsure why you suddenly feel so territorial. You’ve never even owned a coffee mug before, and now you’re protective of one.
Well, they’re going to have to invent a new word for hate because you looked at John with that much trust in your eyes once too, and he
The urge to protect that has always been carved into your bones now sits side by side with enochian benedictions, put there because someone wanted to protect you too.
You don’t plan it exactly, but you certainly don’t fight it when the rebar slides through your stomach. You grope blindly through your pain to tell Sammy everything you need him to hear before you slip away, but your mind is really only in one place.
Definitely isn’t. And yet, he looks at you like you’re his fucking father or something and—
Bobby who’s tough as nails and takes no shit. Who had a wife and two beautiful daughters. Who lost them, not to a ceiling on fire, but to something just as terrible. Bobby who never had any sons to turn into weapons, but took in two boys all the same. Bobby with the same tragic backstory as John, who taught you how to play baseball and how to cook a meal in a kitchen with more than just a microwave. Bobby who called you an idjit and smacked your hands away from the beer until you were 21, even though John never kept track of his own alcohol.
You are smiling so wide it hurts, but this is the good kind of hurt. This is the hurt of clean blood clearing out old infections. Of wounds that are going to
levels of drunk. Drunk enough to think about fuckin’ Freud.
—is the way they run their fingers through your hair after. The touches they press along every inch of your body with careful attentiveness. Here, there is no violence. There is no threat in their hands on your face. They murmur kindness and affection into your skin, and you soak it up like a plant.
Here’s what you will remember: Her skin was soft beneath your palms and she arched into your touch like she needed it. She used your hair to steer you where she wanted you most, and when you got there, the sounds she made were beautiful. When it was over, she curled into you and fell asleep on your shoulder like it was easy. Like you weren’t even dangerous.
And, perhaps in a moment of weakness, your anger does not end with you. It turns itself outward and casts its protective wrath in defense of your brother. Of your family. Of Cas.
The knife scar further up—
The birthmark on the inside of your knee—
you, atom by atom. Built you from the ground up in a way that goes far beyond anything you ever could have imagined. You look at yourself in the mirror, and after a moment’s thought, you strip. That freckle—
And yeah, he’s a total nerd, but you love even that. Sam wants what normal people want: a home, a family, a life. It scares you that you can’t give him that, so sometimes you’re a dick about it, but it gives you hope. Hope that one day, this will be over for him. He’ll weather the storm, and on the other side of it he’ll have options. He’ll have safety.
You don’t care how greedy it is, you’ve got the monopoly on death wishes in this family. If you had it your way, everyone else would walk around in bubble wrap—if they got to walk around at all. You’d prefer them in hermetically sealed, demon-monster-angel warded bunkers until the end of time.
There are always vegetables in the pantry (for Sammy you say, but you mix them into your stir fry anyway). You tell yourself bacon takes too much time to fry on the mornings you choose to eat an apple instead.
But then your phone rings, and it’s too late. He knew last time. He would know this time.
You are shaped in his image, and there’s nothing you can do about it. You’ve tried slumping your shoulders to look less threatening, shortening your gait, dipping your chin, but in the end gravity always reasserts itself and you are always a predator. You are always what he made you.
Part of you has to know that Cas and Sam are not equatable, but to you, that doesn’t matter.
Lisa isn’t the same person you remember from a decade ago, but then again, neither are you.
Still, it’s sort of stupid, isn’t it? You’ve been rubbing elbows with divinity for years now, and you never gave a shit about it, but you never really stopped searching for faith either. You looked for it in motel rooms and barns. In blood and orders. In Baby’s engine and other people’s beds. And instead you found it in a boy’s hand and an angel’s trench coat.
you. For days. He put a gun in your hand, and you accepted that as okay because he told you that it was, but Ben’s hands are too small, too soft
Charlie is a chink in your armor, and eventually, she does what weaknesses do. She breaks your heart.
You’re not a philosopher (thank god for that) but as you let a girl feel you up through the fabric of your too tight shirt on a sloppy sort of dance floor, you think maybe there’s something too his fucked up sex theories. You think, with a startling amount of coherence for someone in your state, that you certainly have an affinity for fucking beautiful women who dissolve like dew when the sun rises. Women that make you feel human and wanted.
(It is easy to believe, for a moment, that you love a person when they lay their head on your chest after sex. It is easy to bury your nose in their hair and run your fingers along their skin and believe that it is more than just chemicals. It is a belief you squash beneath your boot every time it rears its head—but always in the morning. The crazy things that run around in your head when you’re half asleep won’t hurt anyone.)
A miracle: You fell asleep too. Deep and dreamless like you haven’t managed since you were a kid.
You pretend this realization doesn’t make your heart skip a beat.
When you get back to the bunker, Sam gets on the phone to call everyone you know to make sure they’re alright, but you don’t join him. You should, but there’s something you need to do first.
Cas, your best friend(?). Your brother(?). You’re
By the end of the week the whole school knows you got your hand up Jenny’s skirt in the back of her car after the football game.
But here is the inexplicable thing: You aren’t scared of him hurting you. Not even when your lip is bleeding and you’re on your knees telling him to
Sam Winchester, your baby brother. The one who got all the brains (and most of the hair). Who read books and wanted to go to school and gave his heart to a girl he met in college like it could be that simple. Sam who had Dad’s love, if not his trust. His adoration, if not his respect. Sam who was never soft—not really—but he was something like it, by Winchester standards.
You planted that seed in Cas, and now he hates you for it.
He tells you, ‘
. You like tangling your fingers in their long hair and tracing the lines of them in broad strokes. You like when they lean into you, letting you take their weight. You like it even more when their long nails dig into your back, and (you’ll never admit this out loud) you like it when they push you around a little.
(Cas put you together atom by atom, and you never figured out what to do with that act of tenderness either.)
And you watch. You do not stop him. You do not join him.
this a home.
To that end, you grab his attention with a sound that could be his name but feels a lot like another
Relieved because it’s you and not Sammy. Because it is years too late, but maybe russian roulette is a game built on patience, and you are just tired enough to convince yourself that the fires of eternal damnation will finally be enough to make you feel warm.
Here is an ugly truth: you believe in free will, but you’ll be fucking damned if you’re willing to let the people you love use theirs to put themselves in danger.
You love your (not baby anymore, not really) brother with every scrap of your being. It is carved into your bones and written all over your bleeding heart:
Here’s the thing: you
Bobby who you’ve always seen as a person first, a hunter second, and an authority figure last. The exact opposite order of John.
(This time, he made you regret it. Next time, you aren’t sure you’ll live to.)
And Cas hesitates (of course he hesitates, when have you even shown him that this is what’s inside of you?) but after a moment, he wraps his arms around you too. He hugs you back.
. That the purpose he was built for is nothing but the whim of a cruel being who doesn’t care about him or anyone else except itself.
Then comes the scramble, and the lighter, and suddenly the inky void becomes a very narrowly confined space, and just like that, whatever meager amount of air you had with you in your grave vanishes. You can’t breath. Can’t
Seeing that faith makes you ache. Makes you want to reach out and touch him. To lay a steadying hand on his shoulder. To shake him and shake him until he sees that he’s being
You do not have your father’s smile. You have his car and his weapons and his last name, but your grin is easy and childish. It sparks with immature joy at dumb jokes, beautiful women, and good food. You know pleasure when it’s placed in front of you, and you refuse to scare it away. It is a small defiance, but these days you are built from those. The only parts of you that exist are those shaped by him, and those shaped because of him.
despite everything you’ve done is
women.
You’re in love with him.
No, what scares you is this:
And maybe you hate him, a little. After all, you always took Dad’s side in arguments, didn’t you? You never supported his college dreams—hell, you might have been worse than Dad about telling him to give up on that shit and embrace the life. You knew Dad liked him best, and surely that’s what sent you over the edge.
It’s not quite as poetic as laying your bones down in Cas’ grave, but it will have to do. You’re finally ready to face this fear. You’re finally ready to let go and embrace the light.
to end it all, but this is a new fear. It’s strong and primal and fierce where it used to be lazy and content to only rear its head in particularly extreme situations.
For this. For humanity.
How you stopped trying to.
he murmurs into your skin. His free hand is resting on your hip. Not keeping you there, just resting. You know it will take time to convince him that you want to be kept, but that’s okay. You’re prepared to spend the rest of your life being very persuasive.
Okay, okay, you can accept that answer, except for the fact that it changes everything.
What you mean:
Sometimes, you miss the feel of skin sliding against yours. You miss having someone to hold at night. You miss the soft, breathy tones of a woman utterly convinced she loves you, just for a few hours.
You are alive now, but you can still feel their blood on your hands. You can hear their screams in your ears—their begging. Some of them, some of them looked like Sammy. You know that was on purpose.
Cas dies, but you don’t let him stay gone. You set your jaw against the universe that has always tried to beat you down and you say,
Bobby tried to teach you something different, in his own gruff way, but it never quite stuck, did it? You didn’t know what to do with his care. You don’t know how to be anything other than the guardian in a relationship. You were, after all, more than just Sam’s brother. You were half a mother and father to him too.
You know John wouldn’t approve of you sleeping around on the job, but he always sounded proud when he called you a lady killer, so you think maybe this is okay. As long as it’s after the job is done, as long as you never see her again, this is okay. You’re allowed to have this.
You don’t plan on ever telling him no again.
You wonder why he did that. Why he left you your scars.
You weren’t stupid enough to get caught, but something must have tipped him off. The way you walked, or talked, or glanced to the side. A smile that lingered in the wrong place or a shifty answer to a straightforward question.
Here is the truth: You went to Lisa broken. You didn’t really expect her to take you in. You just thought—well, you didn’t, but—that Sam wanted you to have a normal life, and normal people have friends, right? (Friends who don’t own more weapons than clothes, that is.) So you go to Lisa. You tell her the truth, and she lets you stay.
But you can’t do that. Cas isn’t your responsibility, and you doubt there is any universe in which he would welcome your touch. So you harden your bleeding heart, and you turn away. Not because you want to, but because you can see no other option.
you think as you tie off the bandage with your teeth, after. You just got distracted.
By the time your fingers break the surface, it’s a second miracle that you’re even still alive. You pull yourself the rest of the way out, gulping down great lungfuls of sweet air as you do. You’re coated in a film of blood and grave dirt, but even that smells comfortingly familiar when compared to the damp rot of the coffin you’ve just escaped. Quietly, like the tide retreating from shore, your panic recedes. When you tilt your head up, the sun warms your cheeks and it feels almost gentle.
Charlie, who slots so quickly into the role of your little sister that you don’t even have time to hate yourself first. Who can make even more pop culture references in a sentence than you, and who lights up every time you laugh at her jokes. Who smiles like the sun, and commits crimes that fly so far above your head, that you’re left stupid and grinning. Charlie whose last name probably isn’t actually Bradbury (but you’d give her Winchester in a heartbeat if she asked). Charlie who prefers women, but calls Cas dreamy anyway with a glance your way full of benign curiosity.
And then you’re being pulled away from the dance floor to somewhere more intimate, and you stop thinking all together.
Because Cas deserves the absolute best humanity has to offer, and that sure as hell isn’t you, but
When you wake up in a darkness so complete you can only assume your sight’s gone, your first thought is
Every time, it feels like a knife twisting just a little further in your rib cage. And look, you have a high pain tolerance, but even you know when it’s best to cut your losses, so you seal up the cracks in your chest with something dark and sticky that stops any more sunlight from getting in. You lock up the dangerous ideas that can only get you hurt, and you forget about them.
And yet, this is happening.
You know, somewhere deep in the depths of yourself, that you should be scared for your life. That Cas, no matter what complicated things you may feel for each other (if there’s anything complicated at all on his end), is not your friend. Not even human. He is a being of divine power, and he could kill you at any time without lifting a finger. You can’t rule out the possibility that he
You swallow the part of you that wanted to celebrate that with him and do your best to ease into the mindset of a killer.
Maybe love is as simple as caring for each other.
You take Cas’ hand and pull him into your room. The door falls shut behind you, and you do not press him against it, but you do not shy away from the thought of doing so either. Instead, you leave your fingers carelessly (oh so very carefully) intertwined with his and cradle his face with your other hand.
(You like the way they make you feel. Like you are wanted. Like you are beautiful.)
(Here’s the thing about Ben: he looks like you and talks like you and is in the age range to maybe just be yours—
Sam comes home from a supply run, and you find him staring in confusion at the fridge. You ask him what the problem is, and in answer he holds up the beer he bought. The beer that proved redundant when he came home to find you hadn’t finished the beer from last week.
You wonder if it’s good for Cas too.
That’s becoming a common theme in your life.
, you remind yourself every time.
Every night, you hold her. In the mornings you cook her breakfast, and then you go to work. You spend the weekends with Ben, working on the Impala. And you’re actually pretty good at it. Playing house like this.
trying to protect someone.
Team free will was mostly something you said out of spite in the heat of the moment, but you weren’t wrong. It’s all well and good if the Father who may or may not actually exist (you wouldn’t exactly be surprised if the entire feathery populace of Heaven has been delusional the whole time) has a plan for you, but you’ll be damned if you’re going to follow it. If God wants you to be his dancing monkey, then he can get his lazy absentee ass off his pearly throne and come tell you himself, because you
Let’s talk about Bobby.
And maybe, just maybe, a small part of love is knowing without a doubt that all these dangerous traitorous things inside you are reciprocated. Maybe, just a little, it’s knowing that Bobby would do for you all the things you’d do for him and more.
You manage to hold onto that hope until your seventeenth birthday.
You know Sam’s a big boy now and he can handle being on his own for a few hours (might even appreciate the peace of a room to himself) but that does not stop the tight-sinking feeling of your gut when you think of it. Does not stop the worry.
, and as far as you’re concerned, that is the dearest anyone can be to your heart.
Charlie who has you taking the bullets you’d normally dodge. Letting parts of yourself normally kept under such careful control rise to the surface because they make her smile. Because you don’t even have to explain them to her, she just accepts whatever you offer.
), but your lungs have contracted under an iron band, and your muscles have gone tight with adrenaline. It isn’t a tactical move when you strike out at the lid above you. There is no room in your panic for concern about the suffocating mound of dirt that’s about to come pouring over your head (into your nose, into your mouth, down your throat, packing tight into your lungs). There is only the spasms of your muscles as you lash out at the barrier between you and freedom.
Except, that’s not how it happened.
is the universe where John fucking Winchester gets to win, and you’ll be damned if you’re going to have any part in it.
This is what it has always meant to be Dean Winchester: you sleep with a gun tucked under your pillow. Like the princess and the pea, you could guess make and model just from the way it feels against your cheek. You drive until the road blurs in front of you, and then you drive some more. You’re mesmerized by the buttery yellow headlights passing by in the other direction, and you think sometimes what it would be like to drift into them.
fault. Because you were scared of straight forward ghosts and chinks in your armor.
. You’re his big brother, your purpose has always been to protect him. You were born for it really. And it’s not like there’s an alternative. Sammy will live on without you, but you’d never make it without him.
Destiny: nope. Not a chance. This is where you draw the fucking line.
Hunting didn’t to shit except momentarily distract you from it. Booze was the same, and so was every other remedy you could think of. Every remedy but one.
look of someone happy to bleed for the people they love. You ask him why it sounds like a goodbye, but you already know the answer. Because it is.
This is what Bobby and Lisa couldn’t teach you. What they tried so hard to show you about the depths of your own heart. And it kills you that it is only because of them that you’ve reached this point, and neither of them is here to see it.
Charlie is light and air and everything your life could have been
Cas who was a soldier. Who was a weapon and a shield and understands you in ways no one else ever has.
You leave blood in the motel sink and when you get back, you think you see a glint of something like satisfaction when John spots the bandage on your arm. He doesn’t comment on how sloppy you were, just claps you on the back and congratulates you on the success of your first solo hunt.
Every day your answer is yes. Even after Alastair breaks you on his table, your answer is still yes.
women, but you’ve never let yourself love one.
This is what it is to be Dean Winchester: You are covered in scars. Some make a patchwork across your skin, but most live beneath it, tattooed across your heart and your lungs and your ribs. They are stark and textured and sometimes it’s hard to breath around them, but they are also old. They are healed and healing.
And it is then, with his hold on you gaining desperation and the scent of him filling you with a feeling of home that you turn your head to the side and whisper,
that come with a clear destination in mind). It is instead slow. It is careful and exploratory. Gentler than you thought you knew how to be, and filled with so much more love than you know what to do with. Cas’ hand fists in the fabric of your shirt and yours migrates to the back of his neck. You are well and truly holding each other now.
God: real (?), an even
Here’s the thing: You let it.
If you’d seen the hairline fractures ghosted across his skin sooner—and you should have from the start; angels aren’t supposed to look at humans the way he looked at you in that barn—you could have done better. You could have helped him. If you were better, you could be helping him now, but…
You know a thing or two about Fathers. About doubting them. About how that doubt starts with the smallest of seeds, but it grows. It settles somewhere deep inside you and it expands, pushing at your lungs and your heart indiscriminately to make room for how utterly it’s going to fuck you over.
You like the feel of them under your hands, wrapped around your waist, in your arms. You like their curves. You like how their bodies are so
Baby is still you home, but maybe the Bunker is too. Maybe this is what a home is. Or, rather, maybe you are
you wish it were.
baby brother, there’s hope.
. It is worse than the blood on your hands after Hell, worse than all the things about yourself that you’ve tried to wash away with whiskey.
“What the…” Dean started, his words cut off as the man swung again. Dean fumbled back, trying to retaliate but doubling over when the man kicked his stomach. He felt something collide with his face. He heard the man swear. Heard the door open and then close.
“Cass,”
“C’mon bro, make me proud,” Gabriel said before putting an arm around Sam.
“Aww, isn’t this sweet!”
Cas glares at me, “one minute you want to, the next you don’t.”
like that one more time.
An hour later, everyone was pretty much bored with the game. Half of the group was dancing around the diner, Sam and Gabe included. The other half was sitting and drinking beer and snacking on cheap nachos and cheese. Dean was the latter group – already bored with this start of summer vacation party.
Dean looked startled for a second before retaliating, “Oh the same looks you give to Gabriel?”
“That’s not your problem.”
“Sam,” he started.
“Let me go,” he tries to use his body strength to get me off of him, and I shove him back at the wall.
Cas pulled Dean towards him, sliding his lips over his, pulling his bottom lip in between and he huffed a little breath against Cas, groaning.
“Nooo,” Sam shook his head, “Do you
had happened. Dean hoped that something finally happening would make the infatuation he had with Castiel go away but it had only worsened. Every time he closed his eyes, he found the blue eyed piece of shit staring back at him.
He let Dean push him back as Castiel undid Dean’s shirt – having discarded his own to the floor. Reaching the bed, Castiel pushed Dean back before climbing onto him.
“Stay.” He whispered as his mouth closed over the head of Dean’s length, kissing softly. He kissed over the entire length, keeping the contact limited as Dean groaned in frustration. He stopped altogether when he felt Dean’s hand in his hair, trying to get more. He disentangled Dean’s fingers from his hair before placing his arm to his side.
“Why would you not like me, Dean? I always come when you call. I wait when you tell me to. I …”
“Because he is competent, Dean. And the only competent person willing to go to Europe at a day’s notice.”
what hit my face, Dean thought.
“Yeah, more or less,” I laugh, trying to make a joke out of it. He doesn’t smile. It isnt funny.
“Stop,” he interrupts me, “Just please, stop talking. I get it.”
So much for not getting angry.
“Wipe that smirk off, Sam. Same goes for you,” Gabriel called from the couch.
This ends now. This instant, he thought. He had watched Dean follow Cass around like a lost puppy long enough. And Cass returned his favors with interest.
My mouth opens, and stays open. He is not with a girl in the bathroom. An air host walks out of the bathroom. Apologizing profusely. His eyes downcast. A stream of “Mr. Novaks” rushing from his mouth. He falls silent when Dean puts a hand on his shoulder.
“No Dean you do. But one day you won’t. Where would that leave me?”
He could
“Pity you don’t take your shirt off often,” Dean smirked, still staring at Cass’s wings. Cass rolled his eyes.
There is sweat glistening on Charlie’s forehead as she keeps banging on the drums. I used to love watching her play. Now it looks rehearsed. Everything from her dangly earrings to the bandanna on her head looks rehearsed. Beside me, Benny with his lead guitar and his leather pants look rehearsed. Behind him, Gabe looks rehearsed with the painted smirk. And here I am. Anxious on the stage. Looking at the wooden floor. Pep talking myself to sing.
“If it didn’t, you wouldn’t be here.”
“Was that good?”
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, knowing the man couldn’t hear him, before he swerved the car to the right.
“He would’ve, the vain bastard. A kiss, on the other hand Dean, that will destroy your heterosexual reputation,” Gabriel said, wanting his brother to keep the upper hand.
Charlie whistled, “Let me tell you, Dean. That was one helluva kiss. If you guys kissed like that. I can only imagine…” Charlie sighed, “Was it good?” She asked and it was Dean’s turn to sigh.
“Then I do not like Cass. Good night!” Dean lay back to sleep again.
Dean hissed.
Dean stared at the floor.
“You can’t fucking leave,” alarm crawls up my spine as i realize he isn't kidding. He can’t go.
Castiel never missed school. He was too much of a nerd to do that. Plus, he had acted like he couldn’t give two flying fucks about me when I had given him the news. He had practically called me casual sex.
Castiel laughed a heady laugh as his chest rose and fell rapidly, “you are such a bitch, Winchester.”
“Take my cock, you slut,” the man whispered behind him and Dean flinched.
“Cas, where are you going to go?”
uncomfortable in the tight denims but Dean kept his attention focused on Castiel. He needed to show Cas this meant more to him than his usual flings. He needed Cas- and he needed him to know.
“Oh cmon’” Sam groaned. Dean stared at his brother for a minute more before his face cleared in understanding.
“What? No.”
He repeated and Charlie laughed.
“Yeah, I like Cass,” Dean smiled, “Don’t you? He’s saved our asses plenty times.”
“Dude, you have wings.”
Dean nodded. Before smirking and raising his hands again.
“Cas. Anna…”
He could fight, but to what end?
“To shut fucking Sherlock Holmes here!” Dean interrupted, nodding towards Sam.
I feel like someone just punched me.
“I can hear you, blondie!” Gabriel shouted.
“Hmm?”
We separate and he says a single word.
“Dean,” Cass said, and Dean looked back down towards Cass’s face.
“Now now, lover boy. The only person I bite is this tall glass of water,” Gabriel interrupted, gesturing towards Sam.
“Wait.” I reach out for him, and he turns and punches me. It’s unexpected and it hurt.
“Hey,” I say, glaring daggers at my best friend, who has a pale bruise on his jaw. My doing. And right now, I don’t feel at all sorry.
This is over.
“You good?” I whisper, and he nods against me.
The music stops and I mourn for it. I knock again, harder. The door opens slightly. He looks at me. He shuts the door.
“You punched him back.
Dirt and claws.
I keep holding him to the wall, till he calms down and his breathing evens a little. I lift my hand from his chest and take a step back, only to come back in when he fists my shirt and kisses me. I respond automatically, regardless of the fact that we’re standing in the corridor of a really sleazy motel where any homophobic old man with a rifle could walk up on us. Not that I’m homosexual. He groans into my mouth and my fingers card through his hair.
