Struck by such a strange command, John hesitated, but a little head tilt from Sherlock had him rethinking his inaction.
"Yeah." John huffed out a thick and ugly laugh and sniffed it back sharply. "I guess that's the PTSD they don't account for when a daft bugger like me takes it upon themselves to perform their own extubation." He reached for something to say for the sake of levity, but came up short. Having instead to take deep breaths and count to twenty before trusting himself to speak again. He steadied himself with a shaky exhale. "They had to put me in soft restraints after that, she said. I kept trying to get up, kept trying to get to him, I guess, a long time after he was already gone. And that's it really.
When he crossed the threshold of the sitting room, Sherlock seemed to have recomposed himself. He was sitting in his chair now, elbows on his knees with his chin lit upon his version of Dürer's praying hands, staring into the middle distance.
"Deep breaths now John. Listen to me. You've just got the wind knocked out of you. A couple of deep breaths and you'll start to feel better." Sherlock imitates the movements that John should be copying. One hand holding back his scarf so that John is able to see his face. He takes a large breath in through his mouth. Holds it. Then lets it go. "You do it now John. Just watch me and do what I do." Again. He does it again. And slowly but surely John can calm himself enough to do the same.
The mouse eventually ended up squashed beneath the broad head of a broom some five hours later after they'd bated it with some Weetabix and sat quietly like predators. Then John had the unfortunate task of having to put back all of Mrs. Hudson's things on account of her bad hip and being coaxed into rearranging her kitchen since it 'was in such a state anyway'.
A black Rolls Royce is idling almost silently by the kerb. The back door open wide to reveal a bespoke interior completely soaked in mahogany leather and red accents. The heat from inside shimmering up into the sky.
/There aren't suppose to be any witnesses./
Sherlock sighed heavily beside him, bored witless. "Meter's running, Sergeant Donovan. May we leave now that the inquisition's over or is it your WANT to be harrassing us into being obstructs into you purported pursuit of 'justice'? Authoritative coersion seems to be one less thing you need to add to your already /brimming/ schedule." His tone was flat and humourless, amalgamating everything he had said. He wanted to go home, his eyes as hard as marbles.
Sherlock doesn't know if John still wants him around after this. If things can be the same.
Sherlock looks so lovely beneath him. Laid out like an oil painting on a white canvas. Each brush stroke of him a masterpiece in itself.
". . . his ambition in politics is matched by that of his family wealth and besides that he's never done too much damage to anyone important." Mycroft went on. "The promise of you as a consort was the only way he would agree on such short notice. There was nothing I could do. You've tied my hands and so I have promised him yours. He will suffice." His eyes narrowed suddenly as a thought struck. "Do as he says, Sherlock. Whatever he says. Stand against him or his wishes in any way and you shall consider yourself standing against me."
"I was ninety-three percent certain that I would have been alright."
If he were to confess, John had never actually had to courage to seek out a reflective surface to completely see all the damage that he had wrought upon himself. And right now he desperately wished that he had.
With his knuckles blanched white, John pressed backward and reveled in the feeling of Sherlock's perfectly tight hand sliding back up his cock to its glans and those ridiculously long and knobbled fingers sinking back into his arse. John's jaw was lost to the ground by now and it was a miracle he wasn't drooling.
He opened his eyes when Sherlock wiped the cloth across his forehead and Sherlock paused. Excess water beading down John's temple. "Have I died? Is this a dream?" He asked breathily. The heated water was doing something funny to him, plumming the exhaustion from every one of his bones and making it rise to the surface of him. He felt simultaneously heavy and light.
"Cor, Greg, I'm fine. I'm fine." Worry simmered suddenly in his veins. "What's going on? What's the matter?"
"What's wrong?" John asks.
John lifted into consciousness like a corpse rising in water. Immediately processing the heaviness of his limbs, the pinpoints of soreness that sang out louder as he awakened, his abdomen, his buttocks, his thighs and arms and, most surprisingly, /not/ his shoulder. But it was the furnace-like warmth buttered along his back that was the true cause for his waking, everything else was simply afterburn.
He popped up and walked back to the bus. Examining the grill and tires in due turn. Then he swept back to the corpse, scanning the ground all the while, his feet working in a sort of lazy tango.
A third voice startled them both; Sherlock having silently poked his head out the door. "Given the abysmal state of your marriage, Inspector, I would ask that you refrain from deluging John with your biliary ignorance concerning relationships and focus solely on your police work.
"No, it's something else. That scar on your shoulder. Seems like a good place as any to start:
Perhaps that would be preferable.
"The light?"
The pursuit of a paycheck was one thing, but he'd had quite enough crime solving for tonight. Sherlock growled behind him in frustration, ignorant to anything he was saying.
"Ah. Ordered out for breakfast eh?" John joked, slightly wary as to its possible contents, while Sherlock ignored him and snapped on some nitrile gloves. Seeming to be completely oblivious to the chill in the room.
"Of course. Just there." Mycroft says placidly.
Sherlock stared at him guilelessly.
John considered this. Considered all the things that had happened between them until now. The questions asked. The secrets and moments shared. The parts of John's past that hadn't seen daylight for years suddenly lighting up fluorescent under Sherlock's luminous stare?
They turned another aisle and came into the toiletries, having John slide multiple packs of paper towels into the bottom of the trolley. "It's good that you're a doctor dear. You can watch over him and keep him healthy. He trusts you. And I don't think I've ever seen him trust anyone before. Trust is important.
Sherlock caught the weight of it in his heart and his own hands came up to mirror John's at his biceps. His own words just as ardent. "As long as I am in your company, John. I will always consider myself free."
The hose had been a gift from Harriet for when he'd become mobile again, sewn by her hand.
It was only after all this that the King finally dismounted. With his long robe trailing behind him, he seemed to float softly up the steps and took up a position to the side of  the desolate man.
"You wouldn't happen to have a copy of your book, would you?" John asked, suddenly remembering.
"Three, they laugh together, no matter how hard it is. Yesterday, when you thought I was asleep, you and Sherlock talked about Aunt Harry. It made you sad and Sherlock made you remember the first time you met and you laughed and Sherlock smiled."
"Number four. They come home to each other. Every night, you make sure we have tea until all three of us are back and you tuck me in and Sherlock tells me his stories. You don't have to do that, but you do. Thank you."
He ignores the dirt ruining the dorsum of his coat, the exhausted groans from his so-called coworkers and the anxiety of the outdoors.
So, when she comes up to him one day and says she has to do an experiment, he doesn't ask her about. He simply makes sure she stays safe and makes her promise not to turn the flat into a ruckus.
It makes John's neck flush all the way down to his chest, hidden by his ugly jumpers. It's enough to the words trip out, rather than flow like John's smooth confident speech. Sherlock finds that John will agree to anything that way, barely coherent when Sherlock takes the lead.
"But-"
There's too much damage done for John to anything in compensation, to cover up the embarrassment that he feels and the way it leaks out of his pores. At first thought, he would deny it. Somewhere deep down where he wouldn't reach, he knows that it's true- that it's true for a horribly long time. He assumes his whole life would flash in his eyes, leading up to his moment, but it doesn't. Because he knows it's true in some ways, and not in others. He knows he's accepted it a long time ago, and killed it all off when Sherlock 'died' and Mary came along.
Rosie nods with triumph shining in her eyes. "She told me all the things people do when they're in love."
He was showing Sherlock that he was John's.
"I was trying to-"
John can feel heat crawling up his neck. "Rosie-" he says in a strangled voice.
Mycroft dropped in every month since then to scorn at them, though everybody could see right through. He called Rosie 'a barmy ankle-biter' with a smile on his face. Mrs Hudson had a spare bedroom, which was quite helpful. Lestrade dropped by with cases that peaked her interest and Molly would get her colouring books. They'd even go to visit 'Auntie Eurus' sometimes. It wasn't too bad.
There were nights when the two of them would be up at three AM after Rosie had been given her bottle when they dreamt of so much sleep but couldn't even blink. It was all in the tired sighs and the furtive glances and the eerie silence of the living room. And of course, in the countless unwashed teacups sitting in absurd places.
It starts easy, simple and within minutes, Sherlock's lip is snarling with the need for air and yet he's pliant in John's arms, unable to do anything but follow, concentrating on not wobbling once a tongue licks into the seam of his mouth. A rush of chemicals frantically go from his brain and into his blood. It shuts down everything relevant in Sherlock's brain and smashes into his nerves. He might not want it to lead anywhere near a bed, but he knows he's weak for this. A fatal flaw he knows better not to rid of.
"But, why?"
"I have a shift today from eight to one. You two will be alright, won't you?" John asks though he knows. Obviously, they'll be alright.
"Blind?" John looks at her inquisitively. "Me?"
He finishes another yawn, smacking his lips together. When his eyes find John, they're attentive- almost glowing in the streaking sunlight. "Now," he says firmly.
For someone who was dubiously biting their lip a minute ago, Rosie suddenly sits up straighter, with confidence in her posture. "I told you that I was doing an experiment last week, right, Dad?"
But, the twinkling look that John passes over the head of a victim when Sherlock informs her that he's sorry for her loss, is something he'll store away so that the dark doesn't touch it.
"Oh," is all John says.
Tuning it out so far has been helpful, but around John, it wasn't an option at all. The man had been at war, he had been at someone's care. He was a walking enigma with his cruel frown and his empathetic eyes. At most times, John looked like he wanted to stab him and then stitch him back up immediately. He had grown to love the look.
"I believe she's called a librarian, John," cuts in Sherlock.
"I have proof, Dad. And I took help from Mrs Fibbs," she explains cheerfully as if she hadn't set off something in the calm atmosphere.
John notices that they aren't talking to each other. They're talking through Rosie and that only makes him even more irate. The man who was solved crimes for the fun of it, the man who put his life on the line too many times to count, the man who jumped off a building to keep people safe; that man wasn't sitting at the table. Under all those defensive layers was a vulnerable man. Sherlock Holmes was a coward somewhere in a corner of himself. It was there in all the words he said. "Sherlock thinks love is a disadvantage. He thinks its a weak state of mind- a simple chemical and hormonal change," says John to his daughter, calmly, although he's seething on the inside. "Why would you say that?"
Rosie looks unsure for a second, she opens her mouth, changes her mind and begins once more. "Actually, there's something we have to talk about."
When they're alone, John will look at him with his lips pursed in a poorly hidden smile, tuck his thumb behind his ramus and give him the shortest, meaningful kiss. Perhaps, it is worth it.
They're not new to breakdowns; John and himself.
So, when John pins him against the nearest brick wall and nearly stands on his feet, forearm braced around Sherlock's pectorals and snogs the extra fix of adrenaline into him.
"Is that so," muses John. He glances at Sherlock's expressionless face as if to gesture at the strangeness that is her. "And what might that be?"
Perhaps, it all changed when John waltzed into his life and straightened up all things he didn't even know were crooked. Sherlock knew deep down that he had a bare minimum of flaws in him, being proved that he was unavoidably human and that his degree of perfection didn't even touch hundred per cent, much less the world's actual perfection of a hundred and four.
Speak of the devil. The sound of tiny footsteps patter down from somewhere and Rosie appears before them, standing before her chair at the table. "Good morning, Dad, Sherlock."
Rosie clasps her hands in her lap and nods. "I finished it. It was mainly an obser- observational study," she says, sounding older than nine years old. "The results have come. I made a duh-duction."
He looks up at me then down at the bag.
John started slow, sliding in inch by inch, enjoying how Sherlock got louder as he took more of his cock.
John chewed the inside of his cheek, his eyes drifting up. He looked back at Sherlock who was staring at him intently.
Sherlock liked April fool’s day. It kept him occupied, entertained. It stopped him being bored. It was stupid, and childish, but he enjoyed it all the same. He’d been concocting a plan for most of the day in between classes. He had a few ideas, but nothing was certain. He still had till midday. He decided to mull things over in the shower for a bit after class, see if anything sparked is imagination. That’s when his leg hair started falling out.
Mrs Hudson was in the doorway. Sherlock furrowed her brows.
I’ve never felt more exposed in my entire life.
I turn to see Moriarty stood at the end of the row of bookcase. He winks at me. I decide to follow Dr Hooper’s advice, and not engage.
I search his gunmetal blue eyes and watch as his pupils dilate even further.
“Yes.” Sherlock nodded as she finished another row of knitting.
“You are. But I love it. Now...” He pressed his lips up against Sherlock’s neck, mouthing softly at his jaw. “I wanna see how loud I can make you scream tonight.”
“Sherlock...”
“Mum! Damnit. Sherlock! Get up here!”
He’s since dropped his gaze to the floor, but looks up again at that. He looks somewhere between flattered and confused.
“Oh fuck...” he groaned low in his throat.
“Are you?” Sherlock asked, looking over to the blonde.
John loitered for a moment longer, wondering why his dad was here, before deciding to brush it off and sat down on the sofa.
"I'm a high functioning sociopath. Do your research."
“And yes, ‘we’ includes you, John.”
Sherlock looked up at him with a coy smile.
Sherlock took the dress, and held it up in front of her.
“It’s remote controlled... That way... I can watch you writhing in pleasure... even if it’s not me who’s touching you.”
Sherlock shot John a glare.
The low groan of his name had John reeling. He felt his climax approaching, followed by the dread that it had only been going well for about thirty seconds.
“Don’t stop! Don’t stop-Agh!”
“I... I just... I’ve had to step in a few times when people have given him trouble, and I dunno, I guess I’ve grown fond of him.”
Once Sherlock was settled amongst the pillows, John climbed back on the bed, and moved over to him. He pressed a heated kiss to Sherlock’s reddened lips while he cuffed his other wrist, and bound him to the headboard. John moved his head down to Sherlock’s wrist, and kissed his pulse point on each before returning to his face.
I remove my head from between his thighs and press a messy kiss to his parted lips.
After they had their tea, Mrs Hudson saw them upstairs.
“Fuck, you feel so good... so good... so... oh god- mmnngghh...”
I managed to find Sherlock yesterday evening just before I left and went over the details of the plan.
John’s POV
He bats his eyelashes at me as he stares down his nose.
Greg left a few hours later.
“Thank you again for letting me stay Mrs Holmes.”
“Oh, piss off, Mycroft.”
Mrs Holmes sent her one of the warning looks she used to give her as a child.
He could feel his heart thumping in his chest, his blood ringing in his ears.
Sherlock’s heart raced when she heard his voice.
John frowned, but decided not to argue.
“Move in with me.”
Sherlock stifled a giggle. John finally located his trousers, and after jumping around, he finally managed to get them on.
Mycroft’s head snapped up when she heard Lucy crying.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Because, Sherlock, you intrigue me.”
With the discovery of the abandoned break room, our precious, stolen moments become a lot more frequent in their occurrence. Of course they’re still rushed, but it’s worth it.
“I’m aware.” He grinned as he slowly walked over to her. “But I’d rather watch.”
Of course, he was right.
“Thanks. What took you so long?”
John and Sherlock try to get to know each other better. How well will they deal with a crisis?
“Oh go on then. But that’s enough. You’re cut off after this.” Mrs Hudson laughed.
His arms gave way, and he collapsed between Sherlock’s legs.
“Thank you. Are you sure I didn’t hurt you too much?”
“What?”
John turned his head to look at Sherlock.
No, this is not just an excuse to keep him here(!)
John laughed loudly at the wonderful sight before him, only he stopped when Sherlock grabbed the bottle of chocolate sauce, and squirted it at him.
“Who’s this?” Sherlock asked, pointing to the girl on Mycroft’s bed.
What...?
“No. I’m a little sore, but otherwise ok.”
“It’s actually not awful-“
“Shit.” He chuckled, still floating on the euphoric high that accompanied orgasm.
“Me too.”
“Shall I use a whip... to spank your soft skin? Bruise you so bad you can’t sit for a week.”
The brunette smirked and bent down to pet his sister’s head before wandering back to the house.
“I don’t know.” I say instead of explaining this.
Sherlock flailed about, the pressure building in his abdomen becoming too much for him. He could tell John was close too, his movements becoming erratic and sloppy.
“Ah, she’s like you then, Mycroft.”
“Oh fuck!” Sherlock screamed as he felt John brush up against his prostate, his pleasure peaking. He knew he was close, and so was John. His rhythm was becoming sloppy, and his breaths were short and shaky.
Sherlock yanked off John’s hoodie exposing his toned chest. He ran his hands down John’s back, lightly raking his tanned skin with his nails.
Sherlock shot John a wink, and tried to make his way in to the kitchen, but tripped over his own feet, and fell back in to John’s arms.
“You ok though?”
“What are your plans for Valentine’s day?”
Sherlock raced down the stairs, and bounded into the parlour.
Sherlock extended his hand to shake hers, doing his best to smile.
“Yes, She is.”
“You know I love you, don’t you?”
Sherlock nodded.
“Merry Christmas.”
Sherlock’s eyes flew wide before he eventually burst in to a fit of giggles and buried his face in the duvet.
Ever since that night, I’ve had a yearning, a craving, a desperate need to touch him again.
“Mmmm... John... John.”
"Cranium and general torso."
“Hold- hold on...” john pants, bring his hands to my waist to still my movements.
Her eyes widen.
“Oh, is that the chick you were grinding with earlier?”
Sherlock watched closely as John pulled down one of his socks to show her a scare about three inches long down his knee.
Sherlock’s POV
Their walk was over too fast for Sherlock. To be fair, eternity would have been the only span of time she would have been happy with.
“Told you. He is right though.”
Sherlock managed to pull himself off the ground, and held his weight on his hands.
John felt his heart melting at Sherlock’s soft tone.
I turn to look at the blonde woman next to me. She smiles, and extends her hand out to me.
I suppose I see the appeal.
How the fuck does he know all that...? That’s... thats...
“John!” Sherlock shrieked, trying to bat John away. A few more ‘vicious’ attacks occurred, including Sherlock trickling the chocolate sauce inside johns shirt, and down his chest. John went to retaliate with a combination of what was still left on the plate, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist before he had a chance to wipe it on him.
“No, I’m just not interested. Don’t exactly like being bribed. Look, I have to go.” John added after realising his cheek could very well get him beaten up, and this boy seemed more than able.
“We’ll have to leave at separate times. Wait here for a minute or two, ok?”
“No sex. I’m not ready. Just yet.” Sherlock said, affectionately running his fingers along John’s arms.
The sight of him no longer forced memories that made her want to throw up.
Rosie was the first to leave, then Irene with a cheerful departure that included a secret bet with John over whether or not she could seduce someone faster than he and Sherlock could get through dinner. In Irene’s own words, they were a ‘proper couple who did boring stuff like eat’.
She pointed to the tin on the counter, and rubbed her tummy.
“I’ve never seen you wear this before.”
“Hang on a sec. Can you lift your hips up again?”
The young man frowned in confusion, then a look of realisation flashed across his face.
We lay in silence, just appreciating each other, something we never get to do.
“What? Oh, yeah, yeah.”
“Merry Christmas, sir.” He said, beaming up at John.
He didn’t need to ask, he knew.
"I believe so."
Sherlock pulled her lips in to a smile, one that John returned.
“Are you excited baby?” John asked, traipsing his fingers along Sherlock’s pubic bone.
Sherlock caught johns eye when he looked back up. Johns gaze switched between his lips and eyes before the slighter boy broke the gaze, and went into the kitchen.
He finally located a pair, and jumped in to them, struggling to get his feet through the leg holes. After falling backwards on to the bed, he managed to wriggle in to them. He sprayed himself with deodorant and body spray, then raced in to the hall.
“In what way?”
“I’m so sorry, baby.”
“Oh.” She said suddenly. “Is it Sherlock?”
Sherlock shook his head.
“John- gah!” Sherlock gasped, arching his back.
I have already been given a prompt I intend to use at some point, but is there anything anyone wants as a follow up chapter to this one?
“I’m in prison, how do you think?”
“Shit... shit... Sherlock, if you don’t stop now... I’m gonna-mmm- oh fuck... cum in your mouth...”
I have no idea where she’s going with this, but I listen intently none the less.
“Well then, my darling.” John stated with a thick, posh accent. “The night awaits.”
“Both beds. Like we’ll need two.” John teased after Mrs Hudson went down stairs.
I stare to in to his innocent blue orbs, and run my thumb over his cheek.
John went up the staircase in search of Sherlock. Said boy was pacing the living room, his hands folded behind his back.
“Oh do you?” She teased, reaching down to stroke his cheek.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you doing here?”
Fuck, I’ve gotta do something about this...
Sherlock age: 11
Before she knew it, John was on a bus to the station, and she was back inside, knowing that the only eternity she would experience would be the wait before John came home.
Sherlock age:12
Sherlock sat back on his legs, and pouted.
“You’re telling me.” Sherlock quipped. “My mummy always kisses it better so it doesn’t hurt so much.”
The blond was rutting against him, groaning softly with every movement.
Fuck, this was a terrible idea.
“And John?”
“It’s ok.”
He sent a text to Sherlock asking to meet him tomorrow before school, to which the brunette replied eagerly. Maybe seeing Sherlock would take his mind off things, even if he didn’t want to discuss those things. John flopped down on his bed, face first in an attempt of being as despondent as possible.
“Sherlock, come here so we can talk.” He said calmly from where he stood only paces away from where she’d stopped on the lawn.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, his vision already going fuzzy.
“Did you clean yourself up before I got home?” John asked, toying with one of Sherlock’s curls.
As soon as Sherlock’s taken himself in to the dinning hall, I race down the corridor.
She still didn’t say anything, but this time it was because she knew that if she tried to speak, sobs would wrack her throat, and make any words she managed to get out unintelligible.
He gently tilted Sherlock’s chin up so they were facing each other. Their lips connected in a tentative kiss, Johns tongue slipping in to Sherlock’s mouth. He pulled back to breath, and to pull of his boxers. He couldn’t help but grin when Sherlock, despite having seen John’s cock before, licked his lips.
“I- oh- John!” Sherlock groaned, arching his back as another smack hit his ass.
“My body is betraying me.”
We sit for a moment, exchanging hushed whispers of affection, and tentative touches, ranging from lust to love.
John chewed the inside of his cheek, and shovelled another spoonful of cereal in to his mouth.
John didn’t mean for his eyes to wander, but he couldn’t help but notice that the rosy cheeked child he use to play chess with was becoming a young woman. He adverted his eyes before she noticed, her attention on the tea leaves at the bottom of her cup.
“You know what? Fuck it.”
“No, I did it to myself.”
“Yes!”
When John went on to pull down his own underwear, Sherlock stopped his hands, and took to the task himself. He flashed John a coy, coquettish smile as he pulled the red boxers down his legs.
“Did you have another shower?” Sherlock asked, slowly pulling himself into an upright position.
“I am joking, John.” I assure him as I attempt to get up.
“You didn’t scare me, merely caused me to go in to a mild state of alarm.”
“What did you have in-ah- mmmind... exactly?”
We lock eyes.
“Oh, you must be John! Come in, come in.”
“Does that make me special?” John teased, poking Sherlock’s cheek which had since flushed pink.
“You have to repeat them.”
“You ok?” I ask, my voice softening from the earthy growl I had previously adopted.
Sherlock blushed. Although he definitely knew he was a boy, he preferred the compliments normally aimed at girls. Pretty, not handsome.
One more brush of his prostate, and waves of pleasure came crashing down around him. His cock spasmed as he came hard all over himself. John couldn’t hold back any longer, and followed after Sherlock with a loud groan of the brunette’s name.
“Clubs are fun.” He mused, dropping his head onto John’s shoulder.
“I’m not.” I snap. “I just like to observe.”
I walk back down to the cafeteria and spot Sherlock across the room.
“Watson!”
“Sherlock, your mother requests your presence in the kitchen.”
“Are you alright dear?” Mrs Hudson asked, crossing the room to rub Sherlock’s shoulder.
He nods and blinks profusely.
“Mmmm...” John hummed appreciatively, his eyes closing.
“I like having the apartment to ourselves.” John murmured by Sherlock’s ear, pressing his pelvis up against the trembling teen.
“Auny sherwy?” Lucy garbled, looking up at Sherlock with her big blue eyes. “I have one?”
“He rubbed some people up the wrong way, and he was told to ‘do some time in prison’, who needed some staff... or go on proper sabbatical. He picked prison. Anyway, he’s back now. He reckons I should go in to the police.”
I feel a small amount of shame creep up on me as I think about what I just did.
“Maybe I won’t.”
Sherlock blushed, and hid his face in his curls. When he turned back to look at John, his eyes were dark, almost midnight blue, his pupils dilated. They exchanged another heated kiss, desperate for the others touch, practically sucking the air from each other’s lungs. John gasped when he felt Sherlock reach down in between them, and squeezed his rock hard cock.
“Pay no attention to him. He’s on a diet. Makes him moody.”
Rather hurt his scales.
John chuckled, as did Sherlock.
After getting ready in peace, Sherlock wandered down into the kitchen.
“Sure. Umm... what time does your mum get back?”
John didn’t seem taken a back, and if he was, he didn’t show it.
Sorry this took a while. Enjoy!
Now, I know I was in control when I said that.
Sherlock stayed still, his eyes darting around the room.
They spent the rest of their day dosed on painkillers, drank litres of water, all the while Irene just sat back and enjoyed watching them suffer.
“Oh... mmm... John... Ah...” He sobbed, his body going limp.
She walked over, and sat down next to Sherlock.
Sherlock and John spend a day in town, and John gets a bit overprotective.
“It seems to me like you have a little problem with authority.”
Mycroft was seemingly amused with this reaction, and left the goading for another day.
“They don’t sell those at Waitrose.”
“Alright, you can stay. Separate rooms, though.”
“You look nice dear.” His mother cooed upon seeing him.
“My mans right.”
Sherlock felt a sting of pain when he heard the blond's name.
He stayed still for a moment braced on his arms, his lip chewed between his teeth as he tried to deny the intense pleasure he was feeling.
He puts his hands up in mock surrender, and puts his head phones back in. Lunch time comes around, and everyone filters in to the dining hall. Mike and I sit in the far corner with a few other inmates including Henry Knight, Billy Wiggins and Philip Anderson. I don’t like Anderson, and the feeling is one hundred percent mutual, but he hasn’t tried to shiv me yet, so the jury is still out.
“You better get on your hands and knees then.”
“Yeah.”
“Sally!” Someone yelled across the playground.
The three year old squealed in delight when she saw her new cousin.
I grin, and pull him back for another kiss.
Sherlock felt her heart drop in to her stomach at the word.
I sigh.
Sherlock nods.
She pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple, then returned to the kitchen.
“So, last night went well?” Irene asked.
“Oh!” The brunette cried out in pain.
Hope you enjoy! I’m so glad you guys seem to like This story. :)
“Oh! Oh! Ah!” He panted as John began to pound in to him.
“You sure?”
Mucorft was looking over at her, eyes searching hers.
With this, I leave down the hall back to my dorm, craving the day I say good night in stead of goodbye.
“Do I have your consent?”
“Well, Yes-“
John took his aching cock in hand, and began pumping his hand up and down the length.
“Can you manage another one?”
“You know, I used to rock you to sleep in this chair when you were a baby.”
“Where’s he off to?” Rosie asked, coming to sit on the sofa with Sherlock.
No, it’s sweet, not creepy.
Their next kiss was slow, and tentative, unlike the messy ones they shared in the previous moments.
“He’s glaring at us now.” John chuckled quietly.
“Information. Nothing you would feel uncomfortable with, just... tell me what he’s up to.”
He was more than not ok.
“Because I’m ashamed of her.”
“Oh, Yes. I’m... fine.”
“Once.” Sherlock said, refusing to make eye contact. “While fantasying about you.” He added quietly.
“Do I have consent to play with you?”
“Definitely. In fact, we should probably clear out when he gets back. I don’t need you moaning his name stuck in my head again. Worst ear worm ever.”
He turned to face Sherlock, and a smile lit up on his face.
Sherlock did as he was told, and propped himself up on his elbows.
He pounded down the stairs, hard left, and back. Not stopping to knock this time. Hand on the doorknob. "Sherlock. I'm coming in."
He wished he could be more proactive. Return the favor. Wanting to run his hand down the smooth of flesh of Sherlock's back while Sherlock sucked him. Wanting to participate.
"Explain? Explain!" John exploded. "Explain why there's a fucking GOOSE in my FUCKING ROOM!" He fake laughed, a menacing noise that was high and tight. "Oh yeah. This ought to be a fucking riot! Putting one over on me, is that it?"
Billowing cheeks, a large round nose, and rolling eyes bulged grotesquely above the conflagration. Wild hair splaying away from the heat in enormous whorls.
John automatically flipped to the first page which read 'To James: remember that you were loved by me and you made my life a happy one. And there is no tragedy in that.' It made something tenuous in John's heart ache.
"Cheers." John subsided and unwrapped the sandwich. He was honestly too hungry to care. "So is this a special occasion, or what?"
John was only aware of how desperately he wanted to go up and free this man from such torture and not of his knees squeezing together, at least not until his horse began to move forward. But a slicing glance from the High Steward made him remember himself and he pulled his horse back into position.
"There were many times during those first few hours that the world left and came back to me. And each time it went dark I expected it to be the end. But it never happened."
"Oh, for the love of--." Lestrade muttered, fingers pressed into his temples like he was fighting off a headache. His breath fogged strangely out about his head, almost like a halo. "Sherlock. I think we've all had quite enough of your celebrating this..."
"Perhaps I should first ask you what it is that /you/ want? As you seem to have something pressing upon your mind." He sat primly, looking down his pointed nose with his hands resting on the handle of his umbrella. It wouldn't surprise John at all if there were a sword hidden in it. "There is of course. Make no mistake." Mycroft said in his smugly telepathic fashion.
This was the exact stamp Sherlock had noticed gracing the back of Dr. Sipe's hand just before John had lost consciousness in the dentist's chair and floated right out of his mind.
"No."
"Enter." He called shortly.
When he was finished dressing, John stepped closer to lower his face and hide his want to laugh.
"Have we reached a new level of boredom I've not seen before?" John joked. "Sherlock Holmes resulting to hobbies and crafts in his downtime?"
All John could do was swallow down the bitter bile that threatened to rise in his throat.
"Not whom. But what." Sherlock said cryptically. And then it happened, there was a shapeless dark movement in the left tank on the middle rack, the only one with a pile of rocks. The camera was stationary, unable to pan, so it took a moment for the shape to make its way up to the top shelf. But when it silhouetted itself against the wall, its identity was unmistakable.
Sherlock read John's face, his scowl shifting into aggravation. "No." He ignored Miles completely and made off for the coat check without another word.
But he had. And the torpor had continued. For twenty days he lingered in a comatose twilight, able to hear and feel all the things that were said and done to him but unable to meet them with any sort of response.
He still remembers it, like some convoluted nightmare dream scape far worse than anything he'd yet seen. So devastating. Still high on hospital-grade pain killers and exhaustion when his wife of seven years came to see him for the first time since he'd been back. Still choking on a ventilator.
John's life changes for the ...stranger.
But had the murderer really been so careless as to not have supported the head during the detachment? Why go through the trouble of beheading the man only 90% of the way?
The bed jostled as Sherlock moved, his narrow chest sliding over the top of John, using him as an anchor as he fished something from his shirt on the floor, before moving back to sit with his ankles crossed in lotus position with his bony knees propping up his wrists. His penis lay flaccid in the dark nesting of curled hair, sheathed away in the ruddy foreskin.
Mycroft studied him with a thin lipped bearing, still Holmesian unreadable. "I don't know." He eventually replied, but whether it was meant as an insult or a conundrum, John didn't know. Mycroft went on. "Although, it might interest you to know that he did not even ask about your own medical records. I daresay he thinks you'll simply tell him anything important."
"What? Now?" John asked, while Molly whimpered, "you're leaving already? I thought we'd have time to search his stomach's contents together..." and Lestrade balked loudest of all: "Oi! We're right in the middle of discussing this case Sherlock. You can't go yet."
"Please." John wheezed again, unable to keep from putting his hands on his knees. He felt like he was going to collapse. His back protested bitterly. "...please..."
"Names?" The man asked gruffly, his tattooed hands were clasped empty before him and just lit enough by the street lights for John to read 'CASH ONLY' scratched across his knuckles.
"You'd best be going then." He said softly, rising to his full height. Ignoring the bird's startled flutter back as if a tree had just sprouted from the stone. "Unless you're keen on becoming a part of today's stew. Though perhaps your bones might serve better to pick teeth clean, looking at you. You're hardly a mouthful."
"Very good, from what I hear." Sherlock corrected, taking another deep drag and blowing it out, before stuffing the filter end in between John's first and second toe, using it as a temporary holder as he pushed himself up from the bed.
"What? Breaking your neck?" Harry'd scoffed and knew. They were two of a kind after all. "You'd certainly fuck up my resale value doin' that."
That, plus the fact that his arm was starting to complain with the strange contortions and that his fingers were too short to find that perfect place up inside him that Sherlock had been able to find it so easily last night. His long thin fingers able to reach deep, while that magic spot for John seemed to remain stubbornly just out of reach.
He sat down with the laptop at the sitting room table and logged onto Sherlock's bank account - the one they shared now since Sherlock hadn't even been aware that John had made an account online for him, and matched up their jar of receipts with the corresponding withdrawals. As he got to the most recent, he frowned.
He was having to play five years of catch up between these two men.
John drank the rest of his coffee with one swallow and carefully set aside his newspaper. Allowing his friend time to read his stiff body language. Sherlock's shoulders grew almost imperceptibly more taut and his hands slowed down in their work. It was then that he engaged him, knowing he had his full attention even if his head was turned away. "So. Are we going to talk about it?"
"Oh god yes."
John began to track the infinity symbol with his fingertip around the spread of Sherlock's pectoralis majors, lazy sideways figure eights that looped a wide berth around his nipples and overlapped at his sternum. Signaling that John wasn't on the retreat and that he was here in this moment with him.
is that it? I think that's it...
Feeling as awful as he did, John decided that he must have done. Sometime in the night, Sherlock's duvet had been brought from his bed and draped over John's legs, but apparently whatever Sherlock had had to 'research' last afternoon hadn't proved fruitful enough to wake John up to tell him about it.
Sherlock was quick to answer, looking down at his watch, and then quickly stripping off his autopsy gear. "It depends entirely upon which country it's in and who's receiving it, but the final price is generally between ten thousand and one hundred and sixty thousand quid."
"Alright. Take it easy. I'm just trying to understand. But you said 'usually participate in', have you EVER enjoyed sex?"
He tromped up the stairs, shivering with adrenaline. It was going to take a good long while for him to come back down from this, he wasn't going to count on getting to sleep any time soon.
John waffled for a moment before finding Sherlock outside on the kerb, waving down a cab. "Don't we need to pay?"
John tried to call back, but the word was lost.
Sherlock, feeling him fidget with discomfort, wrapped his arms more tightly around John's torso. Nearly impeding his breathing.
"I've tested it."
"Oh, it's fine, love. Just fine. Although that jumper you spilled tea on's got to hang over my bath for a bit longer dear. It's still damp. I'll bring it up later when it's all nice and dry. And Sherlock, I've sent your suits off to the cleaners, and the rest of your unmentionables are in here with John's. I didn't know if you two shared a dresser yet, but I folded them together anyway."
"I can, yes." There was no doubt.
"Have you? Please do indulge me." Sherlock took up the chopsticks and deftly spun a nest of chow mein around them, dropping it into his mouth.
Was it a little prick?
"Oh?"
John bowed obligingly as he showed the client out the front door, Sherlock having made his salutations from the threshold of the flat. Asano-san said something to John with a small smile, the only one he'd seen the whole visit, and handed him a small white card. He bowed again and turned towards an idling car at the kerb and was gone.
"Yes?" John raised his hands and let them float, asking to touch but refraining.
The rock he had previously held had split open nearly perfectly in the violence of it being hurled across the sitting room. Two halves lying cleaved upon the table top. Still numb with shock and understanding, John comes forward to take up one of the halves and hold it towards the light.
"Oh, really?" John cut him off. He could feel the phantom weight of bomb laden vest pulling on his neck and he flexed his fingers around the irritable tremor in his left hand. "Don't even try to lie to me, mate. I saw your face when I stepped out. You were caught. It's a bloody MIRACLE we made it out of there alive! You were unarmed and out manned. Oh, but you had that pistol, right? How long do you think you could have fooled him with that, hm? I had no problem telling the difference between my Browning and a bloody gag lighter from five fucking feet away Sherlock! And Moriarty was even closer than that to you! What if he had called your bluff, hm? What would you have done then!"
He scrubbed his face with his palm, feeling a day's worth of stubble getting the lead on him. "Sherlock?" He called and received no answer. He twisted round in his chair, simultaneously stretching out his neck, and saw that the tea he'd left for Sherlock still sat undrunk on the floor. He turned back and saw something he hadn't noticed before.
This last bit had sobered Sherlock. No longer was he beaming in triumph at the idiocy of his brother, instead he was listening closely. Staring at John like he was something to be understood.
After a while, the molestation subsided, his sobbing ebbed, and he was lead bonelessly to the couch offering no protest. His legs and insides having turned to jelly. His shoulder ached maliciously, but even still it was a new kind of ache. A sharper, necessary one. One that when it faded, would fade away completely and leave him in a peace for longer than he had ever been granted.
John lifted his arm from his eyes. "His chambers? For what?"
"John?" Mrs. Hudson's harried voice came stabbing in through the kitchen, sounding close, as if she were only standing on the other side of the French doors before something had stopped her. "John! Sherlock? Oh! Are you boys decent?"
"Who is Caddyshack?"
"Oh. Don't tell me you've forgotten him so soon. He'll be so upset. You left quite an impression on him, young man, that's for certain. He hasn't shut up about you since the pool."
"His real name was Bill..." John whispered in the tiniest voice, which broke in his throat like a compound fracture. "Bill Murray. He's dead."
"So that's your way of apologizing, is it?" John ventured with a knowing smile.
But the most unnerving of these circumstances were that the misdeeds that should not have been seen,   could not    have been seen by the eyes in the castle but were, were punished to the point of brutality. Their assumed secrecy only further damning their fate.
In times such as these everyone was more likely to die than to live a full life. Babies rarely lived to childhood. Children rarely lived to adolescence. And those that made it through only had to look forward to a brief adulthood that would end with dying in battle or in childbirth or of sickness, injury, accident, war or plague.
John, however, didn't seem to notice this universal shift. Continuing to talk down at his rapidly disappearing food. "Although next time the mood strikes, if you could avoid the part involving public humiliation, I'd appreciate it. Sherlock? Are you even listening?"
He caught Sherlock's lambent eyes lingering on his pelvis and in an embarrassed fit John swiped his hand across the lap of his jeans as though maybe Sherlock had noticed that there was something on it, instead of very obviously /in/ it.
In his doctor's brain, John KNEW that it would take areal dispersal or physical touch to actually transfer whatever it was growing in that disc to spread into the flat, but the deeper, more recessed part of his brain that was bundled up in fear and caution and the white-knuckled armrest gripping that now and forever would be synonymous with any sort of mask being lowered over his face, gave him a deeply seeded sense of foreboding
"That /was/ me being nice." Sherlock grumbled.
Around his long, powdered throat was a wide choker of pearls, followed beneath by a swath of the same that practically poured over his broad chest, offset against the lily-white that all his exposed flesh had been powdered to.
EPILOGUE
"By us never doing it to each other again. By working together from here on out. No matter what."
When John still made no further move to take it or reply, Sherlock slid the envelope beneath a saucer full of biscuits that John hadn't bothered eating and continued, "there's something important I need to research."
Here he was again, alone, and though this time it was of his own volition, John still felt the sharp focus of the fact that Sherlock was off, blazing trails in pursuit of the Game without him, with motives unknown, leaving John spinning in the dust.
(See the end of the chapter for
With effort, he lets his focus overtake his fear.
"I . . . Yes. My--" John corrected himself quickly, "Sherlock." He was entirely unable to control the furious blush that stole over his features. That burned his ears. It felt strange to be allowed to say his name. To have so intimate a thing requested and on the very first day of their meeting no less!
"Sherlock? I made you some tea if you want it." He paused, hoping. His hair hissed against the wood as he leaned in close to press his ear upon it. But he couldn't make out anything distinct. "I'll leave it out here for you by the door." He placed it in front of the jamb to keep it from being spilled should his flatmate deign to emerge.
"Right. So you're content with this." He waved a hand, gesturing between the two of them. "So friendship is all you need? Nothing at all would make you happier than this?" He put his hands up at Sherlock's twisting face. "No. It's fine. If that's what you want. It's just that I'm willing to, y'know, if you ever change your mind. I'm willing to ...to wingman for you if you'd like."
"I know." Once the fire caught, John disappeared into the kitchen. "I'm not making it for me. You'll feel better once you eat. Your blood sugar's probably crashing."
John was immediately in front of him, sitting down on the coffee table, not fooled for an instant. He reached out with no hesitation and undid the buttons of Sherlock's Belstaff. "What's wrong with you? Are you hurt? Where are you hurt?" He ignored the weakly batting hands and loosened Sherlock's scarf. Then he felt his blood begin to simmer in his veins again, exhaustion and worry knocking about through his head. It was obvious Sherlock'd gone out by himself AGAIN and gotten hurt. The son of a bitch.
"Would you like me to fellate you John?" Sherlock asked suddenly. His face made of chiseled stone.
He threw his arm over his face to keep it out.
Sherlock's limbs made a juttered effort to move, to obey, but ultimately stayed locked in place. His throat bobbing with a worried swallow and John blew out a breath, understanding. His body wasn't going to cooperate, such as it was literally /frozen/ in shock, so John worked as efficiently as possible to peel all the clothes off of Sherlock's thin frame for him from top to bottom.
"Was it?" Sherlock's voice, in turn, was made of dark pitch. He wiped his wet chin with the back of his hand. The fleeting inquiry in his face spirited away as soon as it was there, replaced by a satisfied calm.
"You do." He smiled. He reached up and cupped the side of Sherlock's face, pleased when he felt Sherlock lean into it. "You disappear in there. But I don't blame you. If I was trapped up here all alone, I would have gone mad a long time ago."
"Oh. Aren't they?" John supposed he should have known that, but he was thrown off kilter, stricken into a hazy sense of immobility at the twentieth proverbial curve ball thrown at him in the past twenty-four hours.
Leaning back, never betraying John's trust by looking, Sherlock took up John's hand once again and helped lower him into the tub. Letting John hiss and pause the lower he got as his broken body protested more and more.
John was out of the flat so fast he forgot his muffler. And nearly forgot his phone.
As he broke out onto Gloucester, the calamity materialized.
But for all their trouble they had merely brought back a lucid corpse. An empty husk of a man still troubled by the burden of his conscious of all that he had done wrong. By his loneliness. A man still choosing to be closer to death than to life.
It had felt good to forget about what was happening for a while, but the moment he entered the flat, it all came crashing back. As he put away the food, his eyes fell onto another cup of tea sitting on the worktop. What the hell? John peered at the Sherlock's closed bedroom door, as if the man might appear suddenly to explain himself. And when he (predictably) didn't, John sighed, cursed his overwhelming sense of obligation and took a sip.
With this, his cold eyes turned and locked on John for only a moment. "Certainly large enough to make anything I deem insignificant disappear." Turning back to what he saw, satisfied that his warning had been received, he resumed stroking his breast. "Come here."
"May I present to you Sir John Watson." William said smoothly as if this speech had been practiced, "the newly appointed Captain of the Yeomen of the Guards. Venerated war hero in the Battle for Umberland of the North and myself, William Knight, Sir John's  squire. We come before you in whole and humble service, your Highness, by order of King Mycroft. May the peace and glory of Castle Appledore never die."
"Certainly not." Sherlock's scoffed at the utter idea. "There's no time now."
John cleared the thickness from his throat. "Murray was still questioning the prisoner while we walked, trying to get the name of the village he'd come from when the blokes up ahead located an IED half buried in the dirt and we decide to detonate it on spot. There was enough time and it was the safest thing to do.
John and Lestrade both responded at the same time with completely opposite responses, confusing their words and leaving Molly caught wanting between their two explanations. She turned more to John to speak next.
It was this sixth sense of trepidation that'd done him well in Afghanistan. That biting, buzzing sort of insistence that crawled up John's spine and tickled his Apricot, telling him that something was wrong but not being loud enough to say precisely what it was without the proper exposure. Only letting him know that something simply wasn't /right/.
True to its nature, in the white hot panic of the moment, John's mind went utterly calm. He forced Sherlock's bum back to sit at the top of his thighs, taking him by the scruff of his neck and drawing him down against his shoulder instead, despite Sherlock's desperate whine. He bent the tall man awkwardly in half and held him there.
ooo. rating goes up next chapter my lovelies. :} thanks for reading!!
But perhaps the most stunning of all were all the oblivious people parting before and around these three strangers as if they were nothing more troublesome than rocks in a river. They simply gave no notice to two men in sharp dress and full armour being led by a monk through their world and were certainly unwilling, above all else, to stop and make conversation.
Above the tree line of hair growth from where his combat boots had chafed his ankle skin smooth, his legs were very pale, like the belly of a fish, while the globes of his arse were startlingly bright by contrast. As etiolated as Sherlock himself. Secreted away from the sun.
"You do. You do, John Watson. You do." William had whispered back fiercely in his ear, shaking him a little, his head dipping over his shoulder. "You have done so well. You deserve to be happy."
With his hands clasped behind his back, Sherlock went up onto his tiptoes expectantly, waiting for John to react. He was unsure how to read the blank stare that was mooning back at him and then suddenly felt the cold swoop of doubt as he recounted everything he had said.
At the very back of this was an entrance so grand that even John, with no knowledge of architectural beauty, could appreciate its craftsmanship. An impossibly large set of wooden doors had been built right into the cliff side, sheltered by an overhang of stone that was held up by two immense stone columns.
"How come he doesn't just take all of them then, if he's making that kind of money?" Molly asked quietly. "My dad, he had cancer, he was on the transplant list up until he died, so I know how rare it is to actually get a viable one. But I mean, and I'm not saying it's in the least bit ethical, but if he's going to kill them anyway, why waste them? From what I've seen here, they're all perfectly healthy organs. What's the point of leaving all the other bits if someone could use them?"
A lump formed in John's throat at the utter audacity, caught between being cross and intrigued. "A new list for what?"
Behind the secret door was a hidden room and its contents were bedazzling. This was where Sherlock actually lived. John could feel it.
"Yes." John said with absolutely no pause.
John wanted to keep him occupied, keep his mind straining between two opposite directions and leave his senses floating untethered somewhere in the middle. Sherlock answered just as John's meatus touched his hispid center.
"Shut up Sherlock." John hissed, preoccupied with the gore in front of him. He made Sherlock bend his neck until it rested against his left shoulder, sweeping back the sticky hair to get a proper look. The auricula was cleanly severed laterally right across the top of it, as if it had been sliced off by something sharp. Whatever it was, had even managed to graze his scalp along the same line.
The forest was still dark and quiet.
"Ooookay. I have no idea what any of that means." John gave it up for the moment. "Well, I can put some lidocaine cream on this if it's hurting, there's some in here. Sherlock? Oi! Ground control to major Holmes, do you copy? Are you in pain? And don't just write it off as some inconvenience of your /transport/. You need to tell me if it is." He squeezed his shoulder, drawing him back.
The sitting room of 221B was almost exactly as they had left it. In organised chaos. With ephemera spread from one side of the loud wallpaper to the other. There was a table buried somewhere under loose leaf papers and laptops and half finished mugs of tea. A pooling collage of data was thumb tacked above the couch; its information rendered useless now that the string of crimes had been solved.
"Naturally. I've arranged them in the appropriate order in which you should listen to them. Starting now." At the top was an album that was half silver and half the painted picture of a tree. After a moment, John realized the words were in Italian and German: 'Donizetti L'elisir D'amore', is what he presumed to be the title, describing something concerning love and was accompanied with a boastful: 'Gesamtaufnahme Aufführungsmitschnitt!' underneath, which he couldn't decipher at all. Sherlock plucked it from his fingers and lifted the needle on the player.
And then Sherlock had an idea. "How long is your refractory period John?"
The only space left open against the wall was along the back, where the dark maw of a small hearth gaped in need of a fire.
A thick hulk of a man had taken center-stage on the screen, foremost to the camera as breaking news interrupted whatever had been initially playing. Behind him stood a stern-looking DI Lestrade and a smug Sergeant Donovan, both  dressed sharply in dark suits, positioned next to a large blown-up picture of the red-headed orthodontist John and Sherlock'd just seen less than 48 hours previous. Behind them was a wall of uniformed Community Support Officers and slowly rotating above them all was the rectangular prism of the sign of NEW SCOTLAND YARD. It had been set up cunningly like a compositional photograph.
"You won't be needing your purse, Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock spoke without tearing away from John's gaze, "John and I will buy the shopping today. We've just solved a case." He pulled the small clutch from her hands and threw it onto the chair by the door.
Charles' face, while not ugly, was absolutely monstrous in its conviction. "You fill me with such desire. Don't you see? To see you happy is my only pursuit. You must know this." His words were sweet, if only to mask their venom. Sherlock thought briefly of tearing off that lingering finger with his teeth and Charles smirked as he saw it too. "You have a strong will. One of the many reasons why I find you so irresistible. But my patience and my persistence is stronger yet. And soon you will see that there is no denying this."
"I said: did you /like/ him?" Sherlock spoke as if the words were bitter, his voice quiet.
And finally John reaches him...
"Well?" The High Steward asked after the silence grew.
A glance from the corner of Sherlock's eye had John biting his cheek to keep from grinning too madly and finally shuffling away towards the kitchen with both ears burning. And despite having to walk on still shivering legs, John practically /floated/ over to the caffetiere.
so one more chapter of smut before I lower the boom on these lovesick fools. and if you'll notice, there' a definitive chapter count now so we're finally getting closer to the end. yay!
"I /love/ you Sherlock Holmes. God help me, I love you and I love you and I will never stop loving you because that is not something that will /ever/ happen." John is close enough now to reach a hand around the taller man's neck and pull him down. It unclips something sharp in his chest when Sherlock comes willingly and he pulls their foreheads together to touch.
Sherlock took his pause as though it were lingering unease, speaking more candidly. "I don't do anything I don't want to do John. You know this." He leaned back to match shoulders with John, pulling his phone from his pocket. "It was a comfortable moment between us and I acted accordingly. Isn't that what you're suppose to do?"
Instead of melting, though, John's heart crawled straight up and lodged firmly in his throat at the soft snick of the door opening and closing. At the strange swirl of outside air disturbing the fog above the curtain rod as two atmospheres collided. And at the waiting insult about to be liberally and judiciously sprinkled over his injury.
John crossed to his chair and sat, balling up beneath his comforter to listen. Watching as Sherlock's deft hands pulled shrill honey notes from cold metal and summoned for the others to follow. Calling to mind the drifting flight of a feather on the wind. Falling, twirling, climbing, and falling again.
The King's solar was massive. A single room built wider and taller than the whole of John's old cruck house. Rich dark wood paneled three of the four lower walls while enormous tapestries ruled the higher territories.
"You're . . . still here?"
"I've considered then, that another variable to your possible timidity was /me/, but that didn't make any sense either because, by now, you should know that nudity is no great shock to me, nor what the human body is able to endure. If it was that your diffidence hinged upon your physical body, which might possibly still be true, you're mistaken, as I've seen hundreds of naked bodies and thousands of scars in my line of work. Yours would be no different.
Having had enough of a break, the thrush pushed off and upwards, flapping its wings again and again, having to work harder against the air as it climbed higher and higher, flying as if to pull the waking dawn into the sky by its speckled breast alone.
"I am him." John said finally, pulling his shoulders up to look the part. The sway in his stance had not helped though.
"With just one night to spend together." John let his voice drop to a lower register.
"Any errands Prince Sherlock wishes to be done will be done by the servants as they are supposed to be. Any more items he requires will be fetched for him under my explicit direction. I will not lose that which I hold dear to any further incompetency.
"Sherlock. Will you look at me please?"
"The incision...it's in the wrong place. It wasn't meant to be operative at all; it was made for convenience." John was horrified.
Sherlock turned to face him. "Do you remember when I said that the police weren't interested in Carl Powers' missing shoes?"
Sherlock's face has resumed its pensive listening. Pouty lips pulled tight.
Meanwhile, once the women had finished their portions of stew, Harriet and Clara had gotten to work digging up the chest they had buried all those months ago in the ground, while John hovered somewhat fretfully at their side.
The truth was that Sherlock reading him, as he always did, and reacting accordingly. Being a rather damn good nurse maid in the process. "It's actually not been that bad." He finally finished.
"Right. Strip." He ordered, turning and taking in the stiff but slightly hunched detective whose long arms were wrapped solidly about his sopping chest and whose wet hair was still sending rivulets of water spilling down his face and neck. Sherlock looked at a loss for what to do, standing there soaked to the bone. "All your kit. I want it off. Now."
The fingers in his arse curled upwards, pushing back against John's flesh from the interior, while Sherlock's thumb on the same hand pressed into the top of his cleft from the other side, just beneath his coccyx. Essentially pinching the thick, muscled skin between his fingertips, giving them a little rub as if he were feeling the quality of cloth. Affecting a sensation that was...it was...
"And where are you going?" John asked, his voice broken glass in his throat.
There was never any outward show of affection while he worked locum, but John had really known it was doomed to fail when Sherlock had invited himself along to their date that night at the Chinese circus. Not even needing to include their harrowing escape.
in case it wasn't obvious, i beat the shit out of Anderson for this. so that should at least be worth something. :} poor little fella.
The townsfolk chose their weapons at their leisure, each of them reaching in a hand to pull out whatever they thought most appropriate. The kinder ones among them plucked out a handful of rotting fruit or vegetables. Others chose mud or day-hard bread.
Sherlock sneered. A motion that for one brief second looked unsettling on a face dabbed so beautifully in all white and lined in rouge and kohl. He turned back to the window. Contemplating the clouds.
The fingers idly stroking the High Steward's chest stopped in mid-motion, his gaze finally flicking to John in distaste. "Of course not you moron. There is only one opinion that I seek from you."
was why he didn’t want to take the case. Exeter was too far. It
clandestine meeting spot. Once Madison Rice agreed to meet, Fletcher dropped in on his sister again and managed to remove the screws undetected.
Robson leans on the desk. “What did you do, Kyle?”
Kyle Fletcher cries all the way to the station and doesn’t calm until he is in the interrogation room. He confesses everything shortly thereafter. His sister has called a lawyer, but Fletcher doesn’t want to wait to clear his conscience.
“Not much, unfortunately,” says John with a sigh. She was very active on that D&D message board and then just stopped posting kind of abruptly a couple years ago. That was the most detailed thing I found. The posts were long and almost poetic. She often tried to help others, answering their questions. She really seemed…I don’t know…open on there which isn’t the case for social media. Her facebook and Instagram are almost empty. No twitter. I found a tumblr too and she used to be active on there, but just reblogging gifs and fanart related to fantasy stuff. Nothing personal.”
“And most of the sightings take place in the first section of the passages, correct? The section closest to the entrance?” asks Sherlock, growing antsy.
Sherlock chastises himself when he realizes it’s been minutes since John sent the message and he hasn’t responded. The longer Sherlock waits, the more nervous John will become. Sherlock jumps from the table and moves to the mirror. He removes his jacket and then uses both hands to ruffle his hair a bit (the way he knows John likes it). He then looks around the room and quickly decides on the armchair under the window.
“Go eat. Look at the case notes. I’m going back to the message board. I’ll watch my phone. I’ll talk to you later, Sherlock.”
It’s not that Sherlock never took cases outside London these days, but John almost always came with him. On a couple of memorable occasions, Rosie did too. But there is no way John could come to Exeter. Tomorrow was Tuesday and John had to review files for the in-person physicals booked for Wednesday in Hampshire. Under no circumstances would he risk missing those physicals nor would he go to them unprepared. John liked his new job doing physicals and reviewing medical files for the Army, RN, and RAF. Honestly, Sherlock liked it too – the job gave John a sense of purpose and independence, which made him more patient with Sherlock’s experiments in the flat. The requirements of the job were a good fit too – most of the work could be done from home, John set most of his own hours, and it was more interesting than the surgery. It was also part-time, giving John plenty of time to work on cases.  And John was clearly happy to be involved with the forces again.
“So, what’s exciting in the restaurant? Tending bar and talking to strangers,
He’s holding his mobile in his right hand and is rereading the messages exchanged with John this morning. They are almost all innocuous and boring. The only two texts of note are a picture of Rosie in her school uniform giving him a thumbs up (for solving the case John had explained) and John’s first message this morning.
Sherlock realizes he’s biting his lip again as he stares at his screen impatiently waiting for John’s reply.
Now, starstruck 1 is asking the manager some pointless questions and Sherlock is incredibly grateful to John for giving him a distraction. He pulls out his phone and sees several messages.
After a pause John speaks. “Rich what? Richard, I assume. Richard what? What’s his name, Sherlock.”
“You must be surprised at no shows though. I mean with the restaurant having such a great reputation.” Sherlock takes another small drink of his wine. His glass is almost empty. “I mean who would pass up on an opportunity to dine here,” he adds, looking directly at Slater.
, Sherlock. The man got your room number surreptitiously and showed up uninvited. When you were alone in your hotel room! His
but what else. Greeting customers?”
Sherlock opens the photo and zooms in on Rosie’s peaceful sleeping face. She really is an angel. While he’s looking at the photo a couple more messages arrive.
Sherlock scoffs again. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. I’ll get rid of him now. It’ll just take a moment.” He walks to the door and removes the phone from his ear.
Sherlock chuckles. “He’s trying to find how to get back to your patrol cars.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock rolls his eyes and cuts off the Deputy Inspector. “Not to interrupt your
the most exciting activity by far. My favourite.”
“If that’s
“I shouldn’t have mentioned that to her.” John says, looking sheepish and rubbing the back of his neck. Sherlock can’t look away from his friend’s face as he tries to maneuver to the table where he left his copy of Wind and the Willows. “I hope it’s not wishful thinking. Anyways, once you grab your copy we can get started.”
Sherlock stares back at him blankly, befuddled by the question. He nods slowly.
“Yes, yes, yes. Drinking, girl, good time. We get it. Where did you go to sleep?” asks Sherlock, impatiently.
“Nope,” says John, popping the p. He begins walking forward again leaving Sherlock standing with confusion written all over his face. After a couple of metres, John turns around and starts walking backwards while looking at Sherlock. “You coming, babe? I’d rather not stay at the station all day.”
Sherlock let’s out a breath of relief. John is still flirting. And he’s…sending another photo? Sherlock furrows his brow and almost sends a text bluntly explaining that “wish you were here” is not the same as “I miss you”, but then thinks better of it. Why the hell would he discourage John from sending another photo?
A minute later the door opens to reveal Kyle Fletcher, looking like a wreck. He makes eye contact with his sister and breaks down in tears.
“Fair enough” Robson shakes her head and sighs, regaining her composure. She turns her attention to TS. “We have to get this back to the station, now” says Robson. “He didn’t wipe off the blood. He was in a rush. It may have prints.”
Sherlock smiles and can feel himself blushing (just a tiny bit). “I’ll do my best, John.” He has an urge to hug John, which is ridiculous as he will likely only be gone for the day. Instead, Sherlock turns and walks to the train. “Goodbye, John.”
XXXXXXX
Sherlock smiles coyly as he explains that he
“You’re welcome. I’ll walk you out.” John replies, following Lestrade down the stairs.
Luckily, she is now rambling about all things she is going to do when the three of them (John, Sherlock, and Rosie) go on vacation to Exeter. No need to actively listen. It seems she has decided they’ll need to go for at least a long weekend and that the summer would be ideal. John seems to be agreeing with her.
“Would seem so,” answers Sherlock, walking towards the barrier at the end of the passageway. “That means she was closer to the entrance and, given it’s impossible to move around someone down here, it means the perpetrator entered the tunnel before her.” The passages had been empty (or at least were supposed to be) all weekend. In theory the murderer could have entered them at anytime after construction finished on Friday.
John isn’t just pushing things a bit further, he’s in a whole other universe. And it’s incredible. Sherlock hasn’t been this aroused in ages. And John isn’t even here. It’s just words on a screen. And the most arousing photo of all time, mind you. But despite this, Sherlock needs to ask – he needs data. Needs to be assured this is actually what John wants.
“Someone made me eat dinner yesterday so I’m fine.” Sherlock keeps his eyes locked on John’s until he notices a bit of movement. John is taking a bag out of his pocket. Sherlock recognizes it immediately and chuckles. Much to his horror, he also feels a blush coming to his cheeks. Now it’s his turn to look at his shoes.
Worst of all, there is no one to blame (no one to
At this, Sherlock manages a nod before giggling and looking to the ground. This time he’s sure he’s blushing.  John starts walking forward and Sherlock follows him.
Robson comes to join Sherlock at the front of the restaurant and informs him of everything he already knows.
With trepidation, she leads the group to her brother’s door in the basement. The officers don’t reveal why they want to speak to him, simply that’s it’s urgent. “This must be a mistake. Kyle’s been very sick for the past few days, hasn’t been able to leave his room.”
Sherlock rummages through his notes until he finds the transcript of the Riley Lechance interview. It’s plain as day. Lechance never explicitly said he was planning on leaving his post temporarily to go the post-party breakfast, but it was implied. The breakfast was a tradition and Lechance would never miss out on an opportunity to socialize. The young man basically telegraphs a deep-seated FOMO. And as a new temporary staff member, he would not be trusted with a key so would leave the door open. And Kyle knew it. Kyle knew about Lechance’s priorities and knew about the parties and the post-party breakfast.
“It’s not in London, John.” Sherlock stays curled up but adjusts so he is looking at his friend. “The underground passages in Exeter are the result of aqueducts built in the high medieval period. They are unique in England.”
“Brilliant. See, you were worried about being stuck there. But the local police were wrong about Lechance and you still solved it quickly. Now you just have to find out who she was talking to about a date. There must be something in her phone? Some texts? There was nothing about any dates ever on her social media. But she does seem pretty private.”  The smile is evident in John’s voice.
With substantial effort, Sherlock minimizes the photo and scrolls back through his and John’s texts. They had been, quite blatantly, flirting. And Sherlock had, knowingly, pushed the flirtation just a little further. Is this John doing the same? The ball is now in Sherlock’s court. The absence of anything overtly erotic in the photo is giving Sherlock the opportunity to ignore the escalation. He could just thank John for the photo, change the topic, and move on.
“That’s enough Mr. Lechance.” Sherlock turns his attention to Robson who looks back at him, confused. “Are you kidding me with this?” Sherlock says, waving his arm at the suspect. He puts his head in his hands for a moment before speaking again. “I’ll be back in a moment.” With that, he exits the tiny room, leaving four perplexed people in his wake.
This time John’s reply comes almost immediately.
shifted slightly in the past five years, however. Expanded. Now home was not a person, but people – John
“Good night, Watson,” Sherlock says, closing the book.
He holds up the phone and finds he can’t bring himself to look directly at the camera. He gains new respect and admiration (and arousal) at John’s confidence. Sherlock looks to his left, towards the back of the chair and takes five photos. He quickly scrolls through, picks his favourite, and deletes the others. On a whim he edits the photo to put it in grey scale and finds he’s pleased with the result.
After half an hour, Sherlock has not been able to discern anything new. He’s annoyed. He wants tea. He wants John to make him tea. With a huff, he types out a message.
XXXXXXX
It is clear why Robson was so desperate for him to come down for the case. She outlines their entire case in just under twenty minutes and none of the sergeants have anything meaningful to add. The team have a few theories about motive, but none are based on evidence and seem based on watching too many television procedurals.
as if he’s guilty.
Sherlock ends the call, sighs, and navigates to his texts. John has replied but he didn’t end up sending his instructions. Sherlock has pang of regret but is then grateful. Calming his arousal would have been made much more challenging if he’d seen a detailed description of exactly
Sherlock puts down the phone and begins looking at the crime scene photos again. After a few minutes he sighs and taps his fingers on the table. He looks around the room as if checking to see if anyone is watching before picking up his phone again. He opens up the photo of John and smiles.
Sherlock does as he’s told.
Sherlock’s time at the police station the next morning goes by quickly. Robson ensures everything is done efficiently. Having arrived just after 8 am, all of Sherlock’s tasks are completed, and he is free to go, by 9:30. Robson tries to convince the detective to stay in Exeter for a few more hours – there is a press conference scheduled for noon and she wants him to attend. “You should get credit for this, Mr. Holmes,” she explains.
Sherlock once again replies without thinking.
At this moment, Sherlock’s need to be home is strong. But it is also warring with his need for a good case. It has been too long since Sherlock’s mind had been challenged in any meaningful way and it is eating away at him. Driving him (and John) up the wall. Just as he needs home to keep his
when John’s reply comes in.
Sherlock’s hand strokes his phone in his pocket. He’s itching to text John to tell him about the upcoming interrogation and the general incompetence in the room. But John would simply reply that Sherlock should be focusing on the case. And he’d be right. Best get away from these fools and get to work.
XXXXXXX
Sherlock sighs as he realizes one of the starstruck sergeants is rambling on about the procedures they generally follow for interrogations. Dull and irrelevant. “I need to see all crime scene photos before Lechance arrives. And the CCTV footage,” Sherlock interrupts, standing up. “Any notes you have too, as useless as they may be. I assume you have a desk for me here. I’d prefer if it was in an office with a door so that I don’t have to listen to all this,” he adds, gesturing in the general direction of the sergeants.
Hmm…that could probably be interpreted in many ways. Sherlock stares at the words and decides he better send something else quickly to avoid any awkwardness.
This has to be an 8, at least. You haven’t had a good puzzle in weeks. Haven’t had a good murder in…what, a couple months? That last one turned out to be a real bust.” It really had – he and John had rushed out to Croydon for what ended up being a simple bar fight gone wrong. It was infuriating and Sherlock was sure it was Dimmock’s payback for the
“It’s a murder in a closed underground passage!” yells Lestrade, throwing his hands in the air. “It’s usually a bit of maze, but they have most of the passages blocked off because of maintenance. There is only one entrance to the tunnel where the vic was murdered and the passage is only about half a kilometre long.  There is footage of the vic entering the passage but no evidence of anyone else entering. Or leaving. It took place sometime between 10 and 11 this morning which means there were crowds of people going about their days on the streets above the passages with no idea there was a woman being murdered beneath the surface. Sherlock, how are you not interested?”
The Austen and Bronte books are clearly the most well read. A dog-eared copy of Persuasion is on her bedside table, a bookmark from Winchester Cathedral placed about two-thirds of the way through. Beneath that, is a book on local ghost stories. Sherlock picks it up and his earlier suspicions are confirmed. The book has plain blue bookmark marking the chapter on Exeter’s underground passages.
Sherlock grins as he follows her. Perhaps Robson isn’t so bad. He looks around the stairwell and then climbs the stairs behind Robson, vaguely aware that the others are following. At the top, Sherlock surveys his surroundings and smiles when he sees the dense patch of trees and bushes at one end of the lot. He starts running towards the trees, yelling over his shoulder. “In here. The knife will be here.”
“Yes!” Sherlock shouts. He closes his eyes, coughs, and curses himself for revealing too much. When he opens them, John is beaming back at him. “Yes,” Sherlock repeats, more quietly. “This,” he holds up their hands, “and the other thing. I ummm…like it.”
He was as hard as I was.
Sherlock beamed up at him before John crashed their lips back together. Sherlock’s mouth was warm, and wet, his tongue soft like velvet, and tasting ever so slightly of mint and ginger. Sherlock’s unique taste. John lifted him off the counter, and carried him across the room to Sherlock’s bedroom. Even though it was only a short distance, it still took a lot of coordination and balance, and they ended up falling against the wall in a heap of laughter.
"Right. Ok then."
John furrowed his brows.
“The same way I know that your limp isn’t a genuine one, it’s psychosomatic. The events in which you obtained your injury were traumatic; Wounded in action.”
He looks down at my hands.
Hope you guys enjoy. Thanks you for the lovely comments :)
I turn back to face him.
For starters, I don’t care what Wiggins is telling me. On top of that, all I can think about is John’s sticky release slowly slipping out of me, coating my thighs and soaking my underwear.
As is my nature, I obey, and lick his slit again.
“John, I’m a virgin. I’m clean.”
I had authority over him.
The wonderful thing about having a mind palace is that one really can concoct the most vivid fantasies.
“Mmmm... I like that idea.” Sherlock mumbled, sitting up to straddle John’s waist.
I don’t have to worry about twitching as his gloved fingers come in to contact with my skin, and more about letting out noises of a more erotic variety.
They’d found him. Shouldn’t they all be happy?
I’ve never done anything like that before.
“Oh...” Sherlock whined, closing his eyes as John’s tip touched his ring of muscle.
Sherlock had sunk to the floor, and he’d begun bobbing his head up and down.
Sherlock giggled, and ran a hand through John’s hair.
“Light?” John asked as he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s abdomen.
“Oh god yes. Keep going!” Sherlock panted out, breathing heavily as he tugged at the soft roots of johns hair.
“I’m gonna make you scream.”
Hope you guys enjoy this!
“Oh great, so I have to shack up with you six. Brilliant(!)”
Sherlock age: 9
“I know... wait, how did you know I have Chemistry? Have you looked at my schedule or something?” John teased.
John age: 20
“Thank you.” Sherlock beamed.
“Is Sherlock with you?”
“Right, now you know all of my names, and I don’t even know your first name.”
John rolled him over, and pinned him beneath him.
“What? What do you need?”
Hope you all liked that, and I hope  I have managed to write something enjoyable.
“Right, well, I’m Mrs Robins. And this is?” She asked, turning to look at John.
Sherlock tilted his head again, kinda like a puppy, and batted his long eye lashes at John, clearly trying to figure out what John meant by that.
I offer him a nod before sitting before him.
Sherlock shuffled underneath John, and settled for wrapping his arms around John’s mid section.
“I’m not sure.”
“So, What did you think of your first football match?”
It’s John, and that is what I care about.
John took a pack of cigarettes, gifted to him by his uncle, from the inside of his coat. He took a deep inhale, embracing the nostalgic feeling of smoke filling his lungs.
I could lie here forever.
“Thank you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He’s right next to me now. I can feel his breath on my cheek.
When I arrived at work this morning, he looked positively red with embarrassment.
He managed to catch and restrain her without tackling her to the floor, thankfully.
You guys will tell me if this is getting to dark, right...? :/ :)
“Please what, darling?” He applied a generous amount of lube to his fingers. “What is it that you want?” He cooed, placing his lips on Sherlock’s ear, tugging and biting at the lobe.
“Are you hoping for a boy or a girl?” Mrs Holmes asked as she sat on the sofa end closest to Sherlock.
“John...” she moaned, keening in to his touch.
“Use protection!” John shouted as they walked passed Mycroft’s room. The pair chuckled as they ran down the stairs, and out the door.
“That... I... You... that was really good. Thank you.”’ John breathed heavily.
I nod my head in understanding before wandering off to the garden, desperately trying not to skip.
“Come here to me.”
Maybe it is just hot in here, but maybe it’s something else.
There’s some paperwork and other formalities to go through, but after that...
“Hey, are you ok?”
(See the end of the chapter for
He threw his head back with a loud moan.
That didn’t mean they didn’t follow her out on occasion.
“Not that, he looks like John.”
Sherlock was no longer grateful for the warmth.
“John? John, it’s Mycroft.”
“Yes. Just... ah-“ Sherlock gasped as John rolled his hips forwards. “You have to unclip the garters... mmmm...”
“Ok. Milk, no sugar. Thanks.”
He had no idea how much time had passed. He wasn’t sure if that made the hours go by faster or slower. He did after all, have plenty of time to figure that one out.
“Sure. What is it?”
“I think about you all the time too.”
With John was always where he was happiest, Well happy full stop, and lying here, naked, lying on top of the handsome blond, was by far the happiest he’d ever been.
“I know, I’d sooner shave my head than go there.” Sherlock mumbled, then paused as she noted the randomness of her own expression.
He follows in toe as I gather up the other inmates. When we get to the kitchen to collect the last inmate, I manage to put a face to the name of the inmate I recognised.
“Sherlock, dear. Dinners on the table.”
“What?” Sherlock panted as his eyes scanned the blond.
“I need you.”
It’s empty, because Sherlock isn’t with me.
“I don’t really have a connection to him. I only met him today.”
“God, yes. So much.”
How would he?
“Oh. I made some out of the receipts in your junk drawn, by the way.”
“Sherlock, have you done your homework?”
Not to sound pretentious, but it’s like all my skin is on fire, and the only thing that will quench that burning is John.
“Hey.”
John took her to the door where she reclaimed her coat.
With this in mind, I nod for him to continue.
“Oh you-“
“Yes?” She answered eagerly.
John age: 20
John grinned.
Sherlock obviously, but what am I doing to him?
Sherlock waved her off, unable to form words as she grabbed at the cushion in her lap.
“What?”
He had the bite marks on his neck to prove it.
“John?”
John experiences some traumatic events.
“Watson?”
His voice was gruff, and shaky, but yet it sounded familiar. He slowly held his arms out to her, and she all but fell into them. She couldn’t help but bawl her eyes out onto his shoulder, grabbing at his shirt, her whole body shaking. John wrapped his arms around her, gently stroking in between her shoulder blades. They didn’t need to speak. Besides, there weren’t any words to describe how either of them felt. If there were other people in the room, she didn’t notice. All that mattered was John. She’d heard his voice, she’d seen photos, but nothing compared to being in his arms again. He smelt of soap, and Brill cream as she nuzzled in to his neck. That was one thing phone calls and letters could’t give her. The other was his heart, pounding in his chest, right up against hers. She didn’t want to let go. She was afraid that if she let go, she’d lose him. When she did eventually pulled back, she kept her hands on his arms. Her eyes were red and puffy, her throat raw, tears still streaming down her face.
“What do you want?”
I lean in towards him, my voice a hushed, demure plead.
“It’s nearly ten o’clock. Early night for you I think.” Mrs Watson said in a soothing tone. “Sherlock, dear, you’re welcome to stay if you’d like. We could put you up in the spare room.”
This was a stupid idea.
Petrified.
“What? How do you-“
The noise that escaped Sherlock, quite in contrast, was one of pain.
Sherlock inhaled a steady breath.
“I’m clean too, so if you do want to-“
Rosie smiles as she sits opposite me.
The pair stumbled out of their room after getting dressed only to find Rosie, Molly and Irene sat on the sofa.
I’m backed against my storage unit. I couldn’t leave even if I wanted to.
“Chemistry is this way.”
Sherlock has some “alone time.”
“I don’t want you to just be fine, “ he said after a moment, stilling his hips. “I want you to enjoy this.”
The next morning, I feel relaxed, almost calm, not completely, but close. I go down to the showers, get washed and dressed, then off to the cafeteria for breakfast. Everyday the same, like clockwork.
“That’s the question you wanna ask?” Irene asked incredulously.
When I-
“John... I... I’m gonna- Ah- Cum!” Sherlock  screamed, his eyes flying wide, muscles spasming, the corners of his vision going black, endorphins flooding his  bloodstream as ropes of sticky, white fluid shot from his cock. He fell back on to the bed, breathing heavily as the last few spurts of cum trickled from his length. John reached his own climax a moment later, making Sherlock cry out in his hypersensitive state as John released his seed inside him.
“Oh, ok. Is it anything I did..?”
“No.”
“John, please...” Sherlock whimpered.
The brunette blushed, and coyly licked his lips.
“Oh, do leave me alone Mrs Hudson.”
“What a shame. Your mother has made some brownies. She was hoping you’d cycle down to the home guard with them.”
Sherlock creased his eyebrows for a moment, then his eyes went wide and his lips parted as his brain caught up.
“Tell me.”
“Don’t mention it. Now... good luck.”
“I’m so relieved to hear you say that. When I come home, we can be together, ok?”
“I thought there was more milk. Shop will be shut tomorrow.”
Now that I think of it, I do have the faintest memory of a rather erotic dream.
John nodded but didn’t say anything. It seemed that the initial ‘excitement’ of coming home had warn off, and the realisation of what had happened to him was hitting him full force. She cleared her thoughts, and peeled back the patch on johns shoulder to reveal a substantial flesh wound that she guessed was about two weeks old. John winced, and she apologised. That pattern repeated as she finished dressing the wound. When she was done, she moved on to a few other nicks and cuts.
John pulled away to capture her lips in another kiss, hungry and desperate. Sherlock brought her hands down between them, and began fiddling with johns zipper.
The kisses were more passionate and heated now, desperate even.
“In fact, allow me to prove it.”
Sherlock chuckled.
"I bet he does, Sally. You wanna know why? Because he's a psychopath."
“Well?” Sherlock asked cautiously.
“Ah, Sherlock! What’s your mother sent you with?”
Sherlock titled his hips forwards, and gasped when he felt Johns length rub against his own hardened shaft.
I’ve been waiting for this day since the first day I saw Sherlock.
She stared down at the letter before her. She hadn’t even noticed she’d been crying until one of her tears landed on the paper clutched in her hands. She slowly slid out of bed, her legs wobbling under her weight, and walked over to her dresser. She searched around for her writing set, and upon finding what she required, sat down to write to john.
Dear, John.
She could ease her discomfort by sitting down.
“Yes.”
“I love you.”
John had seen Anderson and Donovan follow Sherlock out of the school gates, and gone after them. He'd lost them after getting distracted by a phone call from his mum. He came across one of those streets that are deserted other than the sheds that backed onto them. In the distance, he spotted the pair stood over something on the floor. His blood ran cold when it dawned on him that the something was in fact someone, and someone was Sherlock. He hadn't even realised what he was doing until he felt a sharp pain in his knuckles, and Anderson exclaiming, holding his bloody nose.
“Yes sir.”
"How do you know I didn't punch Donovan?" John queried.
A mellifluous voice says from behind me. I turn, and lock eyes with a bright, blue eyed young man. I find myself unable to speak, my words catching in my throat, unwilling to be spoken.
The brunette squirmed and whimpered as John bucked forwards, thrusting his cock up inside his clenching channel.
“God... John...” Sherlock gasped, reaching down to curl Johns soft hair in to his hands. John moved back up Sherlock’s body, and brushed their lips together.
John had remained quiet throughout the exchange, simply enjoying the view, but Sherlock still needed to be punished properly.
“Wanna go to a bar?”
“Yes...”
“No, no, I simply feel as though I may be a little inadequate.”
“I have a pretty good idea.”
“I just panicked. I’ve never... no ones ever... I mean...”
I squeeze my legs together even tighter, and desperately try and pay attention to wiggins, and... whatever it was he was telling me about...
John makes Sherlock lose control.
“Oh... ah... mmm...” Sherlock hummed in appreciation. When John pulled back, there were angry red marks covering Sherlock’s skin.
Sorry this is a day late... enjoy!
**********
“It’s ok.”
“Oh, sweetheart.”
“Oh fuck.” John moaned, increasing the pace of his wrist.
The ear splitting grin that appears on his face stirs up something inside me... something primal that probably promotes my next words.
Sherlock was surprised, but it didn’t feel rushed, it felt natural. John was hardly a stranger.
The gang swear to never go drinking again. Till text weekend anyway.
“Sure.”
John finally calmed down, his breathing steadied. His eyes wandered over Sherlock’s face, taking in his catlike eyes, his sharp nose, pale lips, and the little dimples in his cheeks as he grinned. He was so close if John moved about an inch their noses would be touching. If he moved two, their lips would be too.
I gasp in to his mouth as I feel him step in between my legs.
“Yes. That’s weird, right?”
“Why don’t we take a shower?”
“Do you want anything dear?”
“Excellent taste.”
John was used to the ‘locker room’ talk by now, but that wasn’t to say he enjoyed it.
“Because,” I start. “That’s what people do when they like each other. They spend time together.”
The brunette was reading a chemistry book in the library, some notes scrawled on a notebook beside him.
“We’re alone in an empty flat...”
That’s Sherlock’s dorm.
“Yes.” Mycroft said calmly, squeezing Irene’s hand back.
“Right, we’d better get back inside before anyone notices either of us is missing.”
The only thing that’s keeping me sane is the excitement that John and I are going to have sex.
“More... please... more...” He moaned, rolling his head from side to side.
His cock is already leaking with creamy pre-cum, the beads of moisture dripping down his shaft.
“You want to go in on a tub of commissary ice cream?” Wiggins asks from over the wall.
“Nothing. I mean... I got a bruise during P.E. It’s nothing.” Sherlock said hastily, trying to pull his shirt further up his neck.
He was rather taken aback by her stance. He was expecting her to greet him with as much enthusiasm as he had shown to her, especially after not having seen each other for near three months.
“I don’t know. It’s your house, you pick.”
“He’s been shot. We don’t know how badly he’s been hurt.”
“You must be John. Come in. Sherlock is in the living room, if you want to go through.”
Oh, I know. Yes, that’s good.
“Sweetheart, come here.”
“Yes, That was my plan.” The slender boy cooed as he slapped johns book out of his hand and straddled his lap.
“It’s the Watsons.”
I take a moment to take in the measurements of John’s cock.
I glance up at Wiggins who’s sitting opposite me.
“This is Sherlock, my daughter. Say hello, darling.”
John felt his heart strings pull as he watched Sherlock wincing in pain.
Dr Hooper turns her head over her shoulder to indicate to a young man with a black eye, holding an ice pack to the wound.
“Well-“
In my opinion, three hours has never gone by so slowly.
He brushes his fingers along my waistband, then gently drags them up my spine, making my hair stand up on end. I roll my hips forwards again, more violently then before, pressing my body as close to his as I can, but it’s still not close enough... I press my pelvis in to is, causing his raging hard on to rub against mine, and oh fucking hell thats not enough either.
“I’m a little weak in the knees myself after that third round.”
“Well, then. Allow me to introduce you.”
Sherlock was sat on a table trying to persuade Mycroft to never have children, as she didn’t want an army of annoying, large nosed infants running around calling her ‘auntie Sherly’.
Oh, lord what has happened to me?
“Alright, let me get the key, and i’ll get you out.”
“You jerk.” He moaned somewhat halfheartedly.
“What?”
“Here.”
He’s completely at my mercy here.
“What do you want, moriarty?”
“Unfortunately.” Sherlock grumbled.
“I need to be inside you.” John groaned after a moment, his hand not doing the job.
He flicks his eyes up at mine, a smile playing in them.
Thompson frowned.
“Let me take you out for a drink as a thank you.”
Sherlock forced himself to roll over and grab the tissues, then handed a few to John.
“Tea?”
Taking Sherlock to a bar went as well as John expected. He didn’t like most of the alcohol, and refused to dance.
He wrinkles his nose.
“I love you.”
“Better.”
“Ok.”
“I know.”
“Holmes.”
I hesitantly move my mouth down a little further, running the flat of my tongue along the skin.
Sherlock gestured to a bench, which John all but fell on to.
John searched her eyes. They were green, like Harriet’s.
Johns voice breaks me from my thoughts, and despite nearly all of my worries centring around him, the second I look up at him, it all melts away.
“Yeah, a friend from my town.”
“Yes. Let’s.”
pulled his jeans down to his ankles. John chewed his lip between his teeth as he saw sherlock’s new panties revealed to him in full. They were dark; ebony against Sherlock’s ivory skin.
Birthdays weren’t really Sherlock’s thing. She didn’t have parties, or see her extended family. The only thing she looked forward to was johns gifts. He always knew just what to get her. She sat crosses legged in front of him with a box in a lap. Handle with care. Was scrawled in bold on the top. She did just this as she opened it. Inside was a set of glass bottles, test tubes, and a conical flask.
“I’ll text you then, shall I?”
Sherlock age: 13
Our questions continue thusly, venturing out to favourite films, foods, actors.
“When is good for you?” John asked, lightly squeezing Sherlock’s ass.
“Oh yeah?” I find myself asking, even though I have absolutely no problem believing this. He’s rock hard against my thigh as we speak.
“Off.” John husked, gesturing to Sherlock’s jumper. He took off the garment, but paused when John stopped him from pulling down his skirt.
“This one? Cooking? He can’t even make toast.”
“We just did.”
Sherlock giggled as he pressed his lips to johns. John gripped Sherlock by the waist, pulling the slight teen flush against him. He slipped his tongue past Sherlock’s lips, emitting a small moan from him. He rolled their tongues together, enjoying the unique blend of ginger, mint, and coffee.
“I love you... and I want to have this experience with you. I only hesitated when I thought we wouldn’t have time to...”
Sherlock sauntered out of the room, a grin that could only be described as evil playing on his lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
He could feel his erection throbbing as John moved his lips down his thighs, then right up again to the edge of the fabric.
I bite down hard on the makeshift gag in my mouth, the image of John’s face burnt on to the inside of my eyelids as my cock spasms, a steady stream of ejaculate shooting from the end, filling up the sock.
Sherlock doubled over as he ejaculated on to his stomach, stars clouding his vision.
Sherlock went rigid all of a sudden as he felt a buzzing sensation spread through his body. It was weird, different, stimulating. It was only for a second but it was enough to have him reach out to grip the counter top.
15th of April 1917
“Gotta say... I love having you on your knees.” John quips with a smirk and a raise of his eyebrows.
“I want you, John.” He groaned against the blond’s cheek.
“No, babe, I think you look like a very drunk nineteen year old.”
“Oh Jesus.” John groaned in exasperation.
She looked a little put out, but nodded her head anyway.
“It’s ok.”
Both girls turn to look at me.
“You’re obviously not, but if you don’t want to talk about it, you don’t have to. Just know that you can if you change your mind.”
“Ah, John!”
My voice catches in my throat.
“Well, I started at secondary school.” John said slowly, knowing it was a sore spot with the younger child.
He nods, and drops his gaze down between us.
John bit his lip, a devilish look in his eyes as he lowered his head to Sherlock’s neck.
“Like that tin is making you it’s bitch. Give it here.”
“I’m so... I’m fucking useless... I can’t... I just needed to turn my brain off... just for a minute... just to make it stop. I...”
“I’m a high functioning sociopath, so... anyway, what do you want to do?” He asked after a moment of silence, getting up from his chair.
The brunette shivered, and moaned softly.
Mycroft took his coat and hat, and hung them on the coat stand.
Sherlock was correct, up to a point. Mycroft had always been a chubby child, but after a massive growth spurt, he’d seemingly been stretched out like play dough, and had dropped all the weight.
My coat.
John smiled through his tears.
Sherlock swallowed thickly.
Sherlock’s eyes were screwed shut, his teeth gritted as he shook his head.
“Lestrard made a mistake on question three in the homework, and I need to tell him.”
During the first half an hour, he’d had an entire conversation with a pot plant, which to be honest, probably paid about as much attention to his opinions on zinc batteries as his friends would. Another fifteen minutes went by, and the girls learnt that Sherlock could do the splits after dancing on a table to Cyndi Lauper.
I’m not sure if I’m saying that to him or myself.
“Yes, I had made that assumption.” He drawls.
She sighed, but took the band from him regardless. John couldn’t help it stare at the blossoming beauty that was Sherlock
“That’s my John. He’s about your age there.” Mrs Watson said, smiling down at the photo.
Johns eyes locked with his before shifting to Rosamund.
“Afternoon, dear. Is your mother about?”
The boy said nothing, his eyes not really focusing on anything.
“Also, mummy might appreciate the company.”
“Why won’t she hold him?” Mrs Holmes asked as she rocked her first grandson in her arms.
“Yes, sir.”
Next week, he’d calmed down a little and had simply painted the bathroom.
“I bought popcorn. Do you like popcorn?”
“What the fuck?”
Sherlock snapped his attention back to the blond who had settled himself down on the sofa, who’s cushions seemed to swallow him up. The tall teenager removed the blue black coat from his shoulders, and tentatively placed it on the arm chair behind him. Sherlock opted for sitting on the sofa with John, and soon discovered that the cushions also wanted to eat him.
Sherlock was sat in her bedroom, organising her letters from John. She kept them in a tin, hidden under her mattress. The most recent one arrived that morning.
“It’s coming back out.” He whimpers in discomfort, wriggling about on my sensitive cock.
Another smack.
“Are you ok?”
“And we have company...” he trailed off.
John couldn’t help the string of curse words that fell from his lips as he watched Sherlock add another finger.
He doesn’t notice me sit down beside him and continues yelling at the tv.
I seem to miss the exchange where he grabs my arm and pulls me in to a room somewhere down a quiet corridor.
“What did you do?”
“Oh god! I love being inside you! Gah!”
“Did what any normal person would.” He shrugged. “I peed in the street.”
Sherlock turned to look at herself in the mirror, tilting her head, and turning around to see her reflection from all angles.
“She was never there for me. My older sister... I could never rely on her.”
“Bloody, bloody woman has gone off on leave again, and there’s no bloody stand in! I can’t leave, I’ve got a young man here with a case of what I believe is hepatitis. There are a few inmates who haven’t had their vaccinations against it, and the last thing we need is an epidemic. Could I trouble you to go and round them up?”
This brings a massive smile to my face.
John moves closer to me, and places a hand on my hip.
“Her vitals all look fine. I believe she is suffering from heartbreak, although I cannot hear it with my stethoscope.” He said sadly, glancing over to the young girl.
“Oh fuck. Quick, think of an excuse why I’m late while I find my pants... god, where the fuck are they?”
“John.”
I walk over, and watch as she seemingly effortlessly attaches the radio. She’s very close to me right now. I can smell her perfume, and her shampoo.
“Yeah, I couldn’t go in there.”
“Sorry about all this.” He said, eyes refusing to meet Sherlock’s.
“Sherlock...” John moaned softly when the brunette began rocking his hips forward.
We both turn to face Moly.
Mycroft took the doctor up to Sherlock. She didn’t move when they came in, just as Mycroft expected. The doctor took her temperature, took a blood test, and listened to her heart.
He’s always on the alert, like a meerkat, looking around him, deducing, the cogs in his head constantly turning about.
Johns voice is still low and husky, but it’s got an underlying gentle tone to it, too.
“I don’t have wipes in here. I should probably take a shower in all honesty. Are you ok here?” Sherlock asked as he stood up to grab for his dressing gown.
“Nice moves.”
Enjoy!
“I’m sure we can think of plenty of things.” I say simply when I realise I haven’t exactly tailored that end of my idea.
“We’ll tell you about it now, and she can find out later.” His mother said as she beckoned him to sit down.
“Oh wow, she’s pretty.”
We have to go back in to the garden after a moment when the other inmates file in to the grounds.
John grasped at Sherlock’s wrists, almost to a painful extent.
John ceased his thoughts when he saw Sherlock reappear at the doorway.
John woke up the following morning to find a pair of blue, cat eyes staring at him from behind a curtain of dark hair. He jumped back in surprise, his brain still a bit slow from sleep.
“That’s alright, sweetie. Anytime.”
27th of August 1912
John couldn’t help but stare when he turned around. He was tall with ebony curls, bright blue feline eyes, and cheekbones sharp enough to cut glass.
John pressed his lips up against Sherlock’s as he pushed inside of him. They both moaned loudly, and Sherlock’s nails dug into John’s muscular back.
I nod my head in the direction behind me, inviting him to follow after me when I depart.
Sherlock looked up at him, flashing him an amused smile before looking back down.
“You know you could just ask me what I want instead of doing this.” I chuckle.
Inside, was a photograph.
John affectionately booped Sherlock’s nose with his before licking it.
When the second orgasm hit, it distracted him for a moment, the image of John pounding in to him spurring him on, but when he came back down from his high, panic set in again. He could be stuck for hours before john came home, and the whole time, he’d have to sit with a never ending buzzing plug between his legs.
Sherlock receives news on John.
Hope you enjoy.
What do you say when the love of your life is sat before you, terrified to her very soul?
“Hi-“
“Ah!” Sherlock gasped, his shoulder muscles spasming.
“Well, you’re getting out soon... now see... I simply cannot have that. What am I supposed to do without my... plaything?”
"She's your girlfriend though, isn't she?"
Mike shrugs me off, and goes back to poking at something in a tub with electric cables attached.
“Oi! Watch yourself inmate!” I bark, shoving him back by my grip on the rake.
“Some older boy from our school. He was really creepy.”
Sherlock sobbed out a loud cry at that point and the phone clattered to the floor.
“You’ve grown a lot.” Sherlock noted.
“Bedroom.” Sherlock panted.
“I thought I tasted funny?”
Why the fuck has she got condoms?
“Sometimes I think I have you figured out... then you say stuff like that and I’m right back to square one.” He pants before smashing our lips together again.
He looked up from his teacup, and quirked his eyebrows in confirmation.
Whilst he was alone, John began to go through the technicalities of what was about to happen.
John has never been so consistently at a loss for words.
“Yes.” He said, coyly grinning up at him.
John sighed and swallowed before nodding his head, then smiled down at the wriggling baby.
“John!” He gasped out, the sight of the blond pushing him over the edge. He doubled over as he orgasmed, hot strands of cum shooting from his pulsing cock. After his breathing returned to normal, he removed his fingers, and sat back up. He looked up slowly. John was staring at him, eyes steely, bottom lip drawn twixt his teeth.
“John... ah!”
They were able to kiss comfortably from this angle without a problem.
His voice is deep and husky, and I find that this rekindles the arousal dowsed by the panic.
“I love you sooooo much.”
“There definitely is a girl in there.” Sherlock mused.
He wasn’t angry with her.
“I love how soft your skin is. So soft, and hot.”
“What are you doing?” Sherlock queried, crawling across the bed.
Yes, I stole Sherlock’s strip tease from orange is the new black. So, sue me! :)
I yelp a little in surprise when I feel one of
“Ah!” He gasped out suddenly when johns lips briefly enveloped his aching cock.
“I kinda want to leave these on.” He smirked as he looked at the lacy waistband.
The floors in here are really bloody uncomfortable. They’re cold, and hard, and the tightly packed grainy material scratches at my skin.
He turned to look up at her, and furrowed his brows.
“She’s always a nightmare. You just don’t live with her.” Rosie chuckled.
Sherlock went to turn around to face the blond, but a strong pair of hands stopped him.
Christ, biology textbooks really don’t do the male genitalia any justice.
“John, What the...?”
He chewed his lip between his teeth, and slipped a knee in between John’s legs.
“Forget dinner, lets go to a club!” Irene cheered.
John walked over to the kitchen, and put the radio on while he delved around in the fridge. Sherlock cocked his head when he heard Lana Del Ray’s ‘ride’ start to play. He still remembered the first time he heard it.
John quirked his eyebrows with a smirk.
Sherlock was sat on the sofa opposite John, a plate of chocolate cake, topped with vanilla frosting, strawberries, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream between them.
John walked over to him, and took a seat down beside him.
“An interested party.” He said, narrowing his eyes.
Yay! Johns home! All happy nonsense now! Or is it?
Sherlock’s voice is barely above a whisper as he leans his head up, and props himself up on his elbows.
“Yes, I’m fine. Walk me home?”
“Something, anything... that disentangles my name from all this.”
“Because I’ll be there.”
“Yeah, I guess. Why, do you not want to be friends?”
“There has been a lot of praising a deity this evening.” Sherlock giggled.
“Gah!” John moaned, increasing his pace.
“Mmm?”
Todd Jefferson, a tall lad with spiked, black hair that contrasted with his light green eyes was stood at the bottom of John’s bunk.
He’s staring at me in horror.
“Stockings.” Sherlock added.
“What was your first clue?”
“You can always spot the people who have never been to a sex shop before.”
John’s eyes flutter shut and a low groan escapes him.
“Oh fuck...”
Not much happens throughout the day, a few scuffles, name calling, etc. Hopefully something more entertaining comes along.
She was great full for the sweat that ran down her face.
John chewed the inside of his cheek again for the umpteenth time, the skin probably raw by now, and shook his head.
“We should go to sleep. We have school tomorrow.”
I begin rocking my hips and grinding down on him, my mouth agape as he hits spots inside of me I didn’t even know I had.
“Thanks for the tea.”
“Ok, we’ll need to have a... conversation on the practical side of things.”
The deep, raspy tone of his voice goes straight to my cock. I can already feel myself weeping heavily inside my briefs, an uncomfortable wet patch forming on the light cotton.
“Of course not. Make sure you say goodbye to us though.” His mother teased.
It increases my pain, but it’s not as intense as the originally induced agony.
He could feel more fluid leaking from his cock, his underwear undoubtedly soaked. John was getting so turned on by the noises Sherlock was making, and by the sight of him rocking his hips, throwing his head back, his lips parted in a silent scream. John moved to place his lips on the sweet spot where Sherlock’s ear and jaw met.
“Ugh. More like drink all the vodka and eat all the chocolate day.”
I’ve won five chess games, and lost two. They would be no match for you, Sherl.
“How did you sleep?” He asks after a moment, his eyes flickering from me to scanning the garden.
Ok, now is not the time to get hard.
“Oh, it’s my break. No one was around in the break room. And...”
“You know you can’t ignore me.” He drawls.
Aftercare was so important for both of them, but John was particularly concerned about Sherlock.
That moment, right before you kiss someone, it’s filled with tension, heat, a desperate yearn for the other person. What I feel right now, it’s something much deeper than simple attraction or desire. I can tell by the look in his eyes that he feels it too. That need, that avid thirst is what makes him eventually lean in.
“Sure, anything. What’s up?”
No dresses. No dresses that were right for a date, anyway. She’d never needed one before, and now... now she was screwed.
“He doesn’t know I’m his mother. I’m just his feeding station.” Sherlock retaliated, cocking her head in a challenging manner.
This is pushing the boundaries a bit, so Sherlock quickly adds another message to give John the option of ignoring the first.
Sherlock rolls his eyes.
pictures of Rosie hidden in both his office and home desks.
And then a minute later,
Sherlock eyes the little bottle of hand lotion that he left on the nightstand (brilliant!) and waits. He can see John has read his message and is typing out a reply. Sherlock stares at the screen impatiently. He’s ready to get on with this.
Sherlock uses all his strength to suppress a shudder. His shoulders and neck are on fire in the best possible way. John’s touch has always had a profound effect on him, and this is sensory overload. Contrary to John’s decree, Sherlock thinks he might start sleeping on the sofa more often if this is the result. He closes his eyes and focuses on the touch, cataloguing both the feeling and his body’s reaction (why can he feel this in his toes?). After a minute he realises that Rosie is still talking, and he probably should be listening.
“Sherlock has to go work with the police in Exeter, Rosie. He’ll be back soon, but they really need his help,” John offers as he wipes away her remaining tears.
– you know we have just started
“Right,” says John, his voice immediately softening, the tension evaporating. “That’s your dinner. You need to eat. Can’t guarantee the quality but it was close and reviews online seemed good. Indian. You can at least eat the naan. Open up, it’s paid for.”
“I am not getting
Sherlock clicks on the picture and John fills his screen. He is sitting in his chair again. It’s perfect. John has changed since the facetime call with Rosie and is now wearing Sherlock’s favourite shirt. It’s a plain white t-shirt that John reserves for the flat because it’s a touch too small. John would never buy a shirt that fit like that so it must have shrunk in the dryer. It pulls on John’s shoulder and reveals a stripe of hips and stomach when John reaches up (to get mugs for tea for example).
. The door next to the
wine break is all I can manage today. You see, Rich, I am relentless when I set my mind to something. It takes all my focus. I’m like a dog on a bone.” Sherlock says sweetly as he puts on his jacket.
“We might as well take the tube home,” John says, as if on cue. “At this time of day it won’t be packed and should only take us an extra 15 minutes or so.”
“Well,” says Slater, leaning on forward on the bar. “There’s a sweetness – hints of strawberries, red cherries, and blackberries, but it’s also gamy and has a little spice you can’t miss.”
XXXXXXX
“Goodnight, Watson,” replies Sherlock before he disconnects the call. He holds his phone to his chest for a moment, letting the sentimentality wash over him. He then gets up with a sigh and moves to the small table to get back to work.
Sherlock sighs as he waits. The review of the photos and video has only added to the sinking feeling he’s had since he first entered the station. Sherlock is becoming increasingly certain that Robson’s belief that Riley Lechance is the murderer has more to do with hope than actual evidence or police intuition.
Thank you all for reading. I really appreciate it!
“It’s not
XXXXXXX
Sherlock reads the message again and again thinking his mind must be playing tricks on him. But the words on the screen don’t change. He continues to stare at the message as he tries to deduce the motive behind it. It is clear that John is asking for a photo (of Sherlock!), but it is not clear why.
Sherlock can’t help but start tapping his fingers on the bar. “Kyle?” he asks, trying for coy and worried the question is twinged with impatience.
TS looks at Sherlock, confused. “Okay?” he asks.
Sherlock plops down in the chair. He leans back, rests his left forearm on the arm of the chair and holds the phone out with his right hand. John has been looking straight at the camera for his photos, but that won’t do. Sherlock looks to the right, tilting his head to elongate his neck. With an exhale, he takes the photo. Without looking at it too closely, he hits send.
With shaking fingers Sherlock undoes all the buttons on his shirt. He makes his way back to the armchair and considers the best position. After a pause, he plops down in the chair sideways with his legs hanging over the side. He leans against one armrest, holding his back straight. It’s not comfortable, but in this position, he should be able to get his whole torso and head in the frame easily. His fingers still shaking, he pulls the shirt down off both shoulders so his full chest and stomach are totally exposed. He can’t believe he’s doing this.
Sherlock looks back at Slater and cringes inwardly. “You go back to the station. I’ll head back in a cab in a bit. I might be able to jog Richard’s memory.”
Sherlock is still looking at the photo and thinking about how he’ll reply when John’s next message comes in.
This time John’s meaning is clear. Sherlock rereads the messages in disbelief, finally letting out a relieved chuckle. The tension he’d been holding in his shoulders melts away. Sherlock bites his lip (again…he’s going to end up breaking skin) as he scrolls back to the photo of John and allows arousal and reverence to wash over him. It’s exhilarating to think that John is having the same reaction. The feeling is incredible – a tingling down his spine and in his legs with heat pooled in his lower stomach and groin.
My eyes travel down his neck to the angry red/purple blemishes covering his collarbone.
When John put the phone down, he felt his heart sink when he remembered he still didn’t get to tell her he loved her.
“Cool room.”
I quickly grab for the nearest receptacle and hand it to him. He immediately hurls up the contents of his stomach.
“Fuck- mmm... this is going to be over really fast if you keep playing like that.”
“John...?”
“Ah, oooo...” Sherlock moaned, tugging at John’s hair.
He wrapped his arm around Sherlock, and hugged him closer. They lay there, just basking in the after glow, wrapped in each other’s arms as they listened to Lana Del Ray on a loop, the tin of pineapples on the counter completely forgotten.
Enjoy!
Sherlock had noticed John’s rather withdrawn manner through the evening, and finally asked him what was bothering him.
John felt a jolt go to his cock as he heard how desperate Sherlock was for him.
I worry my lip between my teeth as I try to refrain from letting out a moan.
“Nngghh- oh fuck... yes! Yes! Oh! AGH!”
“What do you think of these?”
9th of February 1907
He chuckled when Sherlock cringed.
“Hurry it up now, girls. Say your goodbyes.”
Sherlock grinned as he gingerly pulled johns football shorts and boxers down. This was weirdly familiar. But this time, he wasn’t going to screw up. He paused a moment to admire john’s cock, fully erect, and leaking pre-cum. Sherlock felt his dick throb, and his mouth water. He could do this. He could do this. He wanted to do this. He made sure John was watching as he moved his head closer, and experimentally darted his tongue out to lick the tip. John tasted interesting. It wasn’t unpleasant at all, just bizarre.
“Oh, he’s not hammered, are you bab?”
“Actually, apparently there’s a batch of new guards coming today. Knight overheard Lestrade talking about it.”
I drag myself across the floor, my body still drowsy with the few hours of sleep I managed to get.
“Be careful these next few months, ok?”
She explained what she was doing to Mrs Watson, and she gave her the first aid kit from on top of one of the kitchen cupboards. She walked back to the living room slowly, bracing herself. Was she ready to see johns souvenirs from war?
“Oh, you needn’t bother with that, love. Go on up to him.” She said with a knowing smile.
He opted for all of them.
“Mycroft’s not home, is he?” John asked cautiously as he followed Sherlock into the house.
Dear Sherlock,
Both boys did as instructed, then sat down next to one another at the table. They ate their food while exchanging standard conversation, with a few odd questions, such as how many minutes do you reckon it would take for an eyeball to explode in a microwave. Mrs Hudson told Sherlock that was not appropriate for the dinner table, which left him sulking for a good few minutes. She later added it wasn’t appropriate to ask anyone no matter their location. John didn’t help by answering, guessing around 2 minutes. Sherlock then presented his findings, as it turned out the question was not hypothetical. Sherlock kept squirming in his chair, which meant his knees kept knocking against the table, making the plates jump. John realised that Sherlock was definitely unintentionally funny, but it made him laugh regardless. John went home later his mind and heart both consumed by the curly haired boy.
John smiled, and pressed their lips together.
“Light?”
School was mediocre. Sherlock had been waiting for john at lunch time, turning down an invitation from Molly to sit with her and her friends. Molly, he could tolerate. It was her friends he couldn’t stand. Nearly all their stories started with ‘so me and and my boyfriend.’
“I wanted to pleasure you- ah!”
“I love you so much.”
“Oh fu-“ He groaned loudly. “Mmmm...”
Sherlock reconnected their lips, salty from where beads of sweat had rolled down from their Cupid’s bows.
“What for?”
Sherlock turned to face him again. He was regarding Sherlock with kind eyes, his expression somewhat comforting.
“You haven’t seen it.” Sherlock remarked, taking the dvd to put it on.
“The most dangerous boy you’ve ever met, and one who has the potential to become the most dangerous man in the country.” Sherlock said this calmly, his icy eyes locking with johns.
They all but fell through the front door, undoubtedly alerting John of their arrival.
Enjoy!
“I wonder if I can make you cum just from touching you.”
John felt himself tensing, buzzing, ready to burst.
“Yes sir?”
“I corrected his grammar while he was doing a dramatic reading.”
Mycroft appeared in the doorway after a moment.
“Mycroft’s bed.” The brunette said calmly, licking her blood red lips.
When I enter the room, I can see that this is in fact, true.
Sherlock stopped squirming for a moment, and whined, a whine that became a moan as John slipped his tongue into his ear with expert precision.
“Really?”
Sherlock’s POV
Dear John,
“Want to join me?” He asked, tilting his head towards the bathroom.
“John?”
As we walk down the hall, I can’t help but think about all the ways this could go wrong.
Sherlock mouthed kisses down johns neck, sucking hard at his collar bone. When Sherlock let go, John pulled back to take his shirt off. Sherlock attached his lips to John’s chest, kissing all the way down to his pubic bone. John groaned, his head lolling backwards when Sherlock began biting and sucking at the skin on his hipbones. Sherlock’s tongue sent every nerve ending singing. When Sherlock brought his head back up, John gave him a sloppy kiss, all tongue and teeth.
Sherlock frowned, and shoved the biscuit in her mouth anyway. Tea was poured for the mothers and the two older girls, whereas John and Sherlock had lemonade. Sherlock had zoned out contemplating what would happen if she set up a system of pulleys in Mycroft’s room that would smack her awake with mechanical hands that she hadn’t noticed the gingernuts slowly disappearing. By the time she’d snapped back to reality they’d all been eaten. She grumbled in annoyance, looking down at the plate. She crossed her arms, folded herself up on the chair, and buried her head in between her knees. Everyone else was too caught up in conversation to notice, even Mycroft, who had begun talking at Harriet about the different currencies in various countries, but John noticed. He got up, and walked over to the sulking brunette, who looked up upon noticing his presence. He presented her with the gingernut biscuit he’d been holding on to for the past few minutes.
"I said he's a show off!"
Wrapped in johns arms, john’s face nuzzled in the crook of his neck, his body spooned around him, Sherlock couldn’t have felt safer. He could feel Johns heart beating against his back, his warm breath against the nape of his neck.
I turn towards him and kneel up. When I press my fingers to his neck, his skin his very warm, and his pulse is through the roof.
“Oh fuck!”John exclaims, his eyes wide as he scans the room. “Quick, get under the table!”
“Are you wearing anything under this?” Sherlock queried as he fisted it up.
“Oh...” John moaned, their previous interactions already having him on edge.
Sherlock gathered his things, then grabbed Johns hand, and the pair left their flat. Sherlock was a little nervous. Although he’d never cared what people thought of him, he didn’t enjoy getting bullied. It hadn’t happened so much here, but he guessed that was partly because he was always with John. John was a rugby player who, despite also being a medical student, was still somewhat of a bad boy. If anyone ever said anything to them while out about them holding hands or something, John would make them sorry they existed. He squeezed Johns hand as they walked, a squeeze john happily returned.
“He’s welcome to join me if he wants to hold my tissues, and watch ‘Bridesmaids’ for the 97th time.” Molly snarked, downing another handful of chocolate.
“Lube is in the bottom draw, right?”
“The pair were both seen in the video. The man was the deputy head, and he had offered Jillian a promotion. She declined it, unknowingly to him because of the new job offer. Because of the... unprofessional nature of their relationship, he found out that she was leaving, and just like that, what started as a domestic fight ended with him whacking her over the head with a lamp. Dead.”
“I love you too. GoodBye.” I murmur quietly as I spin about on my heel.
“This is so uncomfortable.” The younger teen grumbled.
John dipped his head, and darted his tongue out to lick at the cream.
2nd of January 1916
“God...” He moaned, resting his head on the wall.
He was perfectly able to come up with a more sophisticated prank, but one of the same nature as John’s was definitely more appealing to him.
“Thank you Thompson.”
31st of may 1917
Johns lips quirked in to a grin.
“I didn’t, I just gave him the keys... look are you going to do this or not? Because I’m sure Lestrade would love to hear that his favourite guard has been fucking the local basket case.”
“Ahh-“ Sherlock gasped, his eyes squeezed shut as he threw his head back against the wall.
“No you’re not. Look,” He starts, and pulls me in to his lap. “I’m only going out with Rosie as a formality. She’s just a friend. Why would I want her when I have you.”
“John, how are your parents?”
“You’re welcome.”
Sherlock looked up John, kitten ears still perched amongst his dark curls, some of which were stuck to his forehead with sweat.
John furrowed his eyebrows.
Sherlock smiled softly at her, and went out to the hall. The postman was outside when she opened the door. In his hands, he carried a stack of parcels, and letters.
Mrs Watson got up from her chair, and made her way over to the pair.
Emotions have always confused me.
“Mr Holmes.”
“Sure?”
I move one of my hands from his chest down in between us, and brush my hands over his erection.
John inhaled shakily.
He smiles, and connects our lips in a chaste kiss.
Oh god, I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna cum, I’m gonna-
"Hungry?"
“I don’t know what to wear.”
“Jooohn...”
Nope, no idea.
“Well, that saves time on clean up.” I comment as I pull off and tie up the condom.
John turned to the door to face one of the left tenants.
“Beauty is subjective.” Sherlock stated as she pulled up her socks.
Mrs Hudson came down shortly after, and made some tea for both girls.
I watch him go, the limp in his leg now completely gone.
"We could rent it this evening."
We eventually go our separate ways down the corridor, me to the cafeteria and him to the common room.
He tossed the item into the air, then caught it in between his long fingers.
“Ah!” He gasped at the tingling sensation on his skin.
In his thrawls of pleausre, Sherlock forgot about the key next to him on the bed. He would have had enough leeway from the cuffs to unlock himself, as he was, after all, a man of many talents, but that plan had gone out the window as soon as he thought of John, and the key had gone sailing to the floor. After coming down from his climax, he made the discovery, and subsequently the deduction that he was now stuck.
“You alright?” Knight asks, taking a step towards me.
“Greg, are you coming back with me?” Rosie asked, slipping her fingers through the gap in his shirt buttons.
John almost gasped in surprise when he felt her arms surround him.
‘Please stay in a little longer’ she pleaded silently, her hand gently grazing over her stomach.
"Shall I... check your other injuries?"
“Please. Alone, if you wouldn’t mind.”
Fuck, my orgasm hits me so hard I can’t help but howl.
“Would you like some hot milk?” He asked finally, arching his eyebrows at the teenager who had been staring inquisitively at his alarm clock, but upon hearing the offer of milk, shot his head up.
“Oh, there’s wipes in the first aid kit under the counter. Hold on.”
I want to scold myself as I know the pout on my face is visible when he pulls away and answers the call.
John grinned at this, glad he had managed to have some impression on the curly haired teen.
We continue kissing as he settles in to a rhythm, pushing in, then pulling almost all the way out.
“Hey babe.”
He clearly wasn’t fooling anybody with his vulgar words because john pulled back and stared down at him with a look of concern.
Sherlock slowly turned in a circle, admiring himself at all angles.
“Hello, Sherlock.”
“Thanks.”
But he was nervous.
“John.” I say with a smile.
“Well, that was a fun experiment.” Sherlock said, a grin on his face.
“Not surprised. She hasn’t been home since Friday.” John mumbled, which earned him a sharp glare from his mother.
“I heard. Consider it done. Tell her I appreciate her agreeing to come.”
Sherlock swallowed audibly, and threw his head back as he tried to adjust to the weird, stinging feeling.
“Shame. Your mothers gooseberry jam is to... die for...” John trialed off, eyes flickering round the garden.
“Yes.”
“Alright, I’ll leave you be.”
💖Sherlock💖: 🙄 ditto.
“Agh, JOHN!”
