“Sure Sam, and who do you think will take care of it when we go on hunts?” Dean asked.
“God, Michael. Always wanting more,” Ruby groaned. “You don’t have the voice for the songs, any of them. Stick to what you’re good at.”
Dean interrupted, “We put Phobos and Deimos in Bobby’s old room to keep them close.”
“You seem to be quite happy,” Cas said as he turned down the music.
The camera was as close as it'd get. The final note was held, long and rich and warm. Castiel let go of the guitar, let it hang loose at his chest. His hands fell to his sides. Silence. The crowd erupted with applause. The video ended. It was about to auto play another song, something else from the Grammys. Dean shut it off and remembered to breathe.
The vision faded. He stood with Jack in his own room again. “It didn’t help. I didn’t need to know that.” Dean sounded angry. It was all he had now. “Not like we can get him back. He’s dead!”
Castiel was stepping into Dean's space and Dean was retreating. There was something powerful in the way Cas approached him. “Worth a shot.”
They spent too much time watching students work. Dean didn’t seem like he had any intention of leaving or even drinking the water Cas brought him. He was transfixed. Eventually though, Cas mentioned lunch, and Dean’s stomach grumbled out a corresponding complaint. They headed out to the quad again and found the commons area with all of its food offerings. It was actually more like dinner time than lunch, but they hadn’t exactly taken the time for that meal.
“Maybe I'm amazed at the way you're with me all the time//Maybe I'm afraid of the way I leave you//Maybe I'm amazed at the way you help me sing my song//Right me when I'm wrong.” They sang those lyrics together. Dean got right up in the middle with Cas and started sharing his mic.
Rowena looked up at him with a smile. “A comfort spell. Your heart was racing.”
“15 degrees. Not as bad as some years. Still.” Castiel began dragging Dean over to the far end of the room. “Heater.” He pointed up at the vents. “Stay under those for a bit.” Then quieter and closer to his ears. “Gotta warm up those lips for me.”
Castiel stood in front of the window now, staring out at the midday traffic. “You're on top of the world here.”
“In this case yes.” Cas reached over and stole one of Dean’s fries from his plate.
Sam's eyes snapped open, then he smiled as he wrapped his arms around her. Dean leaned into the doorframe. “Still the same?” Dean asked.
“Yeah.” They let the silence linger.
And like that, months fell by the wayside. Months of mother henning Dean, months of updating Kevin’s data, months of casually hunting wayward Leviathan, and the men of the Impala had a routine.
"Don't be afraid." She stiffened a little. He let his grace shine through his eyes a little.
“And you, sweetey?” The waitress turned her attention to Cas.
“Oh, who knows with them.” Dean tried to blow off the question. A direct answer wouldn’t serve his purposes today. “So, is Fallen staying here too?”
Rebekah swooped in and hugged him around the waist. “Hurry back.”
Sam moved away from the Impala and drifted toward the phenomenon. There had been audio between Sam and Dean that was now projected into the room. “Sam, don’t get so close. Use the probe from at least ten feet away.”
“No, you were not. You were tolerated.” He stood. “That ends now. It has been rumored that you died. Those rumors seemed to have been inaccurate, or you are a devil come back to do us harm.”
Cas had him pressed back against the wall, breathing endearments into his neck between each press of his lips. “Do we need to go salt and burn tonight?” It was a dumb question. The nuisance spirit could wait. Dean’s pants situation, not so much.
When deliveries were large enough, the doorman brought them to the various apartments. Dean was up early. It was easier to get a little writing done while Lisa was still asleep. She and Ben, her son, had agreed to a trial run of moving into his place. They planned to try living together at her place next. Neither could agree on what was best for them, a home in the heart of things or a place that was just a little suburban.
“Where will I find you?” Before Castiel could answer though, Dean said, “I really owe you. Maybe you'll let me buy you dinner. They supposedly serve up some good steaks.”
“You mama hen. They’re fine.” Jody sounded distant for a second, but Dean could make out her saying, “Tell Claire to go to Lebanon, Kansas. Yeah, the bunker. No, don’t tell her about the babies. That’s half the fun.” When she spoke again, it was to them and not muffled. “Was gonna send Claire to deal with the Hastings Haunting. Now I’m sending her to Sam to help out there. You and Cas can take care of a simple salt and burn.”
Dean sat up and typed.
“He said he’d stay to help with the babies. I know it was wrong to ask him for that, but I did. I need him to stay, Sam.”
With that, he turned and walked away. Dean watched him go, the guitar strapped to his back now. Dean considered going after him, trying a little harder. He could fake confidence, push Castiel against the nearest wall and kiss his breath away. The guitar would get hurt. Dean didn't move, didn't catch him before the corner, and like that he was gone.
“Yeah, well they didn't begrudge the call to 911. They just didn't think the follow up was necessary.”
Dean glanced back at Cas again and said, “I’m glad you did. It’ll help me figure out my game face, so he doesn’t feel bad about this.”
"What do you mean?" Dean was a little afraid to ask, to engage even. Then Jack smiled, and that didn't help.
Everything was off. He thought about the words. He was sure he was hearing them not as a memory but as a type of prayer. He had no business hearing them. He was no angel. How was he hearing them? These were the things that were plaguing him as he drove, as he tried to escape, as he nearly felt his skull burst in two.
He heard the door start to open and did his best to look busy. This was hard to do with just a guitar and a notebook. He wrote a couple of nonsense lines before looking up at Dean. “You’re late.”
“It’s what you went through? That’s how you know isn’t it?” Dean reached out and cupped Cas’ cheek in his hand.
“And I do. And I want you always to hear it.” Cas kissed his forehead and guided him back to the room. It was late after all, and the day had been long.
“Yeah,” Dean replied.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas slid one of the beers over. “I ordered you a beer. Hope it wasn’t too presumptuous.”
“Tomorrow, or maybe the next day. It can wait.” Dean rolled his hips a little against the tight press of Cas.
He did his best to push aside the thoughts of that night, of Dean's wonderous green eyes locked onto his. Yes, it was quick and hot, but it was more than that too. It was the way Dean curled into him. It was the way he looked when he slept. Something in Castiel maybe broke a little that night as he stared down at Dean's sleeping face.
"I never saw this. I just thought that I could explain and that everyone would get it."
I walked over to his appointment counter and looked at his calendar. “Looks like you don’t have anything going on tomorrow night. I’ve got that night off too, as luck would have it.” I picked up a pencil. “Mind if I pencil in dinner here?” Cas nodded. “I’m writing in my number under my name. Shoot me a text if you realize later that you can’t go.”
“Talk to you about things that matter.” Dean played with his glass but didn’t drink from it. The amber liquor swirled around.
“He speaks,” Dean proclaimed from the driver’s seat.
“I'm gay, and you made that okay. I spent my whole life feeling like I was worthless, being told that to my face, but if you could be like me even a little, maybe I wasn't worthless. You know what I mean?”
“Damn right it’s not a date. Also, I'm more concerned about having to watch all of this while I'm trying to eat.” Dean waved his hand around between them.
Michael opened the door. “Really?” He looked pleased. “Any song?”
Dean opened his eyes to that.
“It will take some time before you are forgiven. I should have let him kill you first, but the children didn’t need to see that.”
“So we’ll come back early then?” Dean asked with a waggle to his eyebrows added for good measure. Then he realized that he was implying a whole lot more than he intended.
He lifted his hand and made the sign of the cross between them. “This is hallowed ground.”
“I don't know.” Bobby was really looking at him now, really assessing everything about him it seemed.
When they parted, Cas said, “It was beginning to feel pointless.”
“You sure?” Sam leaned in and looked at her a little closer.
Dean nodded again, a little more confidently and said, “So much.”
“You nervous?” Dean asked.
Dean reached in and lifted the guitar. Castiel plugged the guitar into a nearby amp and flicked on the switch. Dean gave the guitar a few tentative strums. It sounded good, but it felt wrong in his grasp. “It's certainly unique.”
Dean considered this for a moment. It wasn’t that he was constructing a lie; it was just that he couldn’t exactly remember what they did. He shook his head and felt dizzy. “I don’t,” he stopped and stared off at Sam a moment. Sam looked concerned. He was holding the arm of the woman. They were talking. Dean couldn’t hear at this distance. There was a stronger breeze blowing past them, and more petals were carried from the floats down the street and away.
“You won’t get enough sleep if you keep trying to read what I’m already reading.” Cas scooched up the bed so his back was pressed more to the headboard. He angled the laptop a little so that it was harder for Dean to read it.
“Because of all of the thinking you’re doing?” Dean looked at him with a skeptical uptick of his eyebrow.
“I’m certainly not that.” She turned from him and walked back to her home again.
Dean walked up to her and hugged her. “Good to see you too.”
“I’m not a challenge,” Dean said. “I’m easy like Sunday morning.”
"What did you hope to gain in all that?" Cas asked.
He still hadn’t moved his hand up to Cas’ chest. Something about the way his muscles felt beneath the thin t-shirt just did something to him. He found himself tracing the lines of muscles in a kind of pattern, letting his fingers fall into the grooves of Cas’ body just there.
At first, he just lay on his back and breathed in and out as deeply as he could. He stared at the ceiling. Normally he'd focus on the many ridges and grooves in the ceiling texture. It would take his mind off the broader world. Tonight though, his mind wouldn't rest. It had been ten years.
“Of course. I left here with her after all.” Charlie rolled her eyes.
“I don’t think good enough to bother with. I mean, it’s just not ready.” Dean got up and started pacing.
“Now, who would say such a thing?” She glanced away from him back into the room. He didn’t reply right away. “It’s plenty clear I’m alive if you’ve got eyes in your head.” She smiled to make the news of her living more palatable.
He turned the car around slowly, the world still swimming in front of him. He thought he saw snow. It flashed away. All was summer again. He drove slowly back in the direction that he came. The dizziness began to lessen. “Fine, fine.” Dean blinked his eyes against the world in an attempt at clearing away the confusion. “I’m coming back.” He didn’t know who he was informing. Near as he could recall, no one did this to them. It just happened.
He excused himself for a moment, and made his way out to the parking lot. It use to be easy watching Dean go off with them, the random hook ups he found so easily. He wasn't sure when things changed for him, but tonight he just couldn't watch it happen, couldn't watch someone else get everything he could never have.
“You’ll have to.”
Dean roamed off to investigate. Not long after he left, Cas heard the popcorn popping. He settled into the couch and pulled a blanket over himself. It wasn’t cold, but he liked the coziness of the blanket and the dark room. Dean had
“Well, those are some names,” Bobby said.
“I know the song.” Dean waved away the sheet.
“Hey, I am not bitter,” Dean whined.
Dean suddenly stopped playing and spoke to the camera. “Why you filming this, Bobby? You seen me play a thousand times.”
Dean pulled back and looked at him. Cas' face was streaked in tears. His eyes were a wreck of red, puffy sorrow. “Sam showed you the book. You know.”
When they first got to town, they were told that this was the place where people went for everything. So far that had proven true. They were given a room. They got food. They even got a doctor from down the hall when Cas didn't wake up.
“I just wonder why she didn’t come for them,” Jack said.
The first time was after a hunt. Dean said he needed to blow off some steam. Sam said he just needed to sleep. So it was just Cas and Dean out at a bar. Dean even gave him the keys to the Impala, saying, "If I drink too much or you get bored, you can take her back to the motel. Maybe we’ll both get lucky though." Then he elbowed him all good and jolly like this was something they both wanted. After a few minutes scoping out the place, Dean pointed his beer toward a table with a couple of women. "Wanna give that table a shot?" Cas shrugged and got up like he was game even if he wasn't. He had no intentions beyond just following Dean wherever he went.
Sam looked up, “I’m kinda busy.”
“It's just that, no one could get through all of that in under a year. That's a three year job easy.”
“Thanks Rubes. Was wondering where those went.” He gave her a wink, and she rolled her eyes as she and Sam left.
"Yeah, well, maybe war with dear old dad, looks a lot like abandonment. Maybe he's just casting everything off to the proverbial wolves. If he does nothing, never intervenes, then it will likely all just fall apart.
A week had passed at least, and no new babies had arrived. Dean hoped that they were going to continue on this way. Two babies were plenty. Hell, one was plenty. Samuel seemed to be a baby with patterns though. Patterns made things easier. Too bad his patterns weren’t entirely synced up with Ellie’s randomness.
“It's almost midnight, someone had to.” Dean was grinning stupidly. The countdown was starting.
“He already paid for it.” Dean elbowed him. “Get our bags. No sense in wasting a good room.”
“I’d like to take some of your blood.”
“He’s hurting?” Dean tipped his head to really look at Cas.
Cas just shrugged. “This does have some benefits.” Dean felt a warmth wash over him, then an image.
“Cas,” Dean said as they got off the elevator and the door closed behind them. “Should I run back to my room for my bag?”
Cas followed the noise to its source. He pushed open the door to the gym to find Dean, shirtless, driving his fists into the punching bag. Cas just watched him a moment before moving into the room more fully. It was 3 am, and Dean should definitely be sleeping.
“I might be able to help you sleep if you’d like.” Cas had his fingers curled into the blanket. Dean wanted it to be okay to touch his hand, to be touched by those fingers. It was a fleeting thought, that added to the surprise of Cas moving his hand toward him. Cas settled his hand on Dean’s cheek.
Dean noted. “You amuse me.” Cas admitted quietly.
“How can you tell? They just look like some college guys, probably from a fraternity or something. Those kinds of guys roll in the money, and they’re usually douche bags.”
Castiel's hands were somehow under his shirt now, running up his ribs to his chest. Castiel snapped back for a breath. “You don't need all these layers.”
Castiel unplugged him and set the guitar back in it's space. In the last cabinet was a much more traditionally shaped guitar. It was black and chrome, sleek and unpretentious. It was beautiful. “I've never used this one in concert. I think she's been waiting for you.” Castiel gave him a wink again. Dean's heartbeat kicked up, on account of the guitar he was about to handle. Castiel picked it up and plugged it in. He passed it to Dean.
The ladies take center stage in this one, with a side of Dean and Cas flirting shamelessly.
Castiel clinked his glass to Dean's. “It could have gone better.” He seemed to be trying for a smile, but it was too rye. Castiel tipped back a swallow of the whiskey. “I told myself you wouldn't show. I was shocked.”
“I’m fairly certain that you have what we need in the car.” He turned back to Dean then and watched him eat. Dean gave up halfway through the burger. Turned out that two burgers were a little much, or maybe it was the way Cas looked at him. Or maybe it was the warm press of his leg under the table.
In an instant they all reached for each other. Once they had a hold of each other's hands, their bodies began to glow golden. Their heads tipped back to the ceiling.
Dean slid his hand slowly across the little chasm between them. He intended to press his palm to Cas’ chest, let him know he wasn’t alone, anchor him a little. Instead, Dean’s hand came to Cas’ stomach. His fingers grazed over the firm lines of muscles there.
“Well, I hadn’t intended that. I was just being lazy.”
“This okay, buddy?” Dean asked. He’d been throwing buddy onto a lot of sentences lately, as if to remind them of their status.
Dean felt the words burrowing into him. The boy was crying now. Cas pulled him into a hug before moving on. Dean could see that the encounter rattled Cas. They got through the posing and the endless photos. Dean broke away from his band again for a moment to pull Cas aside. “You okay?”
He poked at her thoughts and saw attraction. "Come with me a moment." He beckoned and walked toward the Impala. She followed. He pulled out Dean’s keys and unlocked it. He wasn't sure why he was doing this, but he was committed. He opened up the door to the back seat and got in. "Get in."
“You know what I want,” Dean said as he stretched up to Cas’ mouth for another kiss. “Stop thinking about it all so damn much.”
Claire laughed. “You actually think you have time for that?” She laughed again, and sounded like she might choke on her meal. Jack gave her a coupled of wacks on her back, and she continued, “Not sure if you’ve noticed, but you don’t have time for anything beyond childrearing here. It’s just a good thing that you haven’t gotten any more recently.”
“You’re good at this, ya know.” Dean smiled over at him.
“Fine, suit yourself.” Dean turned to Cas and said, “Looks like it’s just you and me.” He moved past Cas into the room and Cas followed him again. After some moments pass where Dean sets up the movie on his laptop, Dean takes the laptop to the bed and pats the space at his side. “Okay, get comfortable.”
True, the government was still heavily involved. They had to be. Much had changed though in more recent years. Private citizens could now pay to fly beyond the atmosphere. Before it had been something for the very rich to do, but in recent years it had become something that was available to the only slightly upper class. And in time the middle class would find themselves in the vastness of space too.
Castiel breathed out a shaky little word, “Dean.”
Cas dipped his head a little. His lips curled up a bit like he was maybe warmed by Dean’s words. “I did suffer. Your words weren’t ramblings though.” He looked back up at Dean.
Cas snatched Dean's hand. “Come on.” He dragged Dean down the hall. There were some offices that were dark. Castiel went past those. He got to the end as the crowd was getting to three. Castiel pushed open the door and got Dean in the room and pressed right back against the door. The world outside was loud enough to penetrate the walls and glass. There were fireworks, then there was Castiel clutching his face in his hands. “Fuck, you're beautiful.”
Castiel nodded. He'd accepted more nebulous missions. This one at least sounded intriguing.
Castiel was helpful with the baby business, and somehow Sam and Jack became the research team. This suited Dean just fine. He never was a fan of research. The physical, actions, that was his area. It wasn’t that he didn’t enjoy a good book or finding useful information. It was that he worried over what he’d miss when rushing through the Library’s many volumes.
“I’ll be fine. Castiel has a fine ship. We went over it a hundred times. We even fixed the landing gear up better than ever.” Sam had to make the same explanations, provide the same comfort over and over. “I’ll see you soon,” he finally said as he climbed up into Castiel’s ship.
“Maybe, I mean, it’s not like Sam and I really talked about what happened with them at the hotel. I passed out, and the next morning there was more going on between them than there had been the night before. Sam was,” Dean sighed, “gentle with her.”
It would be a long week. They were back in the studio, and so was Cas. There would be no time to get together. Dean was already trying to work out a way to make time materialize in their schedules. He was failing epically.
Cas opened the trunk and got out the bags. He caught up with Dean in the lobby. They checked in and made their way to the room. Dean let out a little whoop of joy as he took in the look of the place. “This was expensive.”
“Yes, but why?” Cas wasn’t letting his guard down.
“Dean, you might be the only one in the world that thinks that's you. Everyone who heard the song believed it was about me feeling guilty for,” Castiel made air quotes now, “breaking up with Sabel.”
“Yeah.” Crowley got up and started pacing. “You know his brother’s still in rehab. The band blames him for that and the break up.”
“Oh, Dean. So many cold showers since summer.” He was pressing harder and faster.
“I have no place in heaven. I can’t imagine settling down in the way you mean it.”
“Does she know you gave me this video?” Castiel looked at Crowley.
Dean turned too. The woman and the child were crossing toward the general store, “Something worrying you?”
“Well, we saw what happened to Kelly.”
Dean saw how much that revealed. He didn't like feeling so exposed. “You put me on your list.”
He handled Saturday with the help of Michael and drinking on Friday, regrets. But Sunday was miserable. He went on an actual jog. He hadn't done that in years, regrets. Then he cleaned his penthouse. That at least was satisfying. Then he realized that he still had an entire afternoon left, plus an evening to kill.
“You literally flirt with everyone,” Dean said with a laugh.
“You ever wish things were different?”
"You do seen sweet." She moved closer, lips close to his ear, and she practically purred, "But you're no angel. I can tell."
Cali Fest was huge, and getting offered the spot between Jo's Badass Band and Fallen was something that Dean couldn't seem to wrap his head around. Even as they stood outside their tour bus while their gear was being unloaded, Dean still said for the hundredth time, “Sammy, how?”
“Wow, Sam. One night on baby duty and this is what you become.”
They’d left Rufus and the posse fairly soon after Dean’s surgery and a small convalescence aboard the airship. Rufus flew them back “home” to their own ship once it was deemed safe enough to move Dean that much. They decided that sharing the truth about who they were with Rufus was the right, honest thing to do. So after Dean was settled into his room on the ship, Sam and Cas gave Rufus, Pamela, and Garth a simple tour. There was much more explanation than they had expected, and at the same time, there was an awful lot of acceptance too.
“Is this how you always are?” Castiel waited for an acknowledgement. Getting none he added, “Do you really not see how talented you are?”
“He’s your son, Crowley.”
Dean tipped his head back and closed his eyes. “Bobby spelled it out for me. I don't have a band. They all felt like I betrayed Sam when I put him into rehab.”
Dean interrupted, “Yes. I want that.” He thought of all the times he just wanted to know what he was thinking, what he was feeling. He thought of all the times he just needed to hear his voice. He wanted this. He wanted this more than he could say. Cas pressed his forehead to Dean’s and a warm flow of grace slipped from Cas’s mouth to Dean’s. Dean felt all his muscles suddenly stiffen. He slammed back against the rough motel wall.
Claire set her hands gently on Kaia’s cheeks and pressed their foreheads together. “Maybe I have too much faith in you, but I firmly believe that spell or not, you would fight for us, for those you care for.”
“The guitar. You don’t give away a guitar like that.”
Castiel was gone.
“Yeah, go. I'll meet up with you in a bit.” Dean was shaking with anticipation. He was about to borrow Castiel's guitar. The guy was a legend.
as he could get without actually saying the words.
“Oh,” he said as he looked down at her hands. “You didn’t even have to speak?”
“Borrow the Hendrix. You know you want to.” Castiel smiled at him. “Besides, it’ll sound great with the song.” They’d been working on ‘Careful’ a little during every session. It was one of Castiel’s half-finished pieces. They’d decided that Dean would take lead vocals on it while Castiel took up the lead guitar. He’d been working on the lyrics here and there, but couldn’t nail down an end.
Cas let it go. "This is productive?"
“Billie told me there’s two endings, this one and the one where the world burns. I ain’t more important than the world, Cas.”
He took the surface streets away from his home. As he drew closer to the freeway, he rolled down the window. He'd decided on a general route. He'd go east toward the desert. The traffic would be lighter out there.
“You want me?” Cas could feel the answer pressed to him already.
The song ended. Dean launched right into talking. “See, it’s not really polished.”
“See, Sam, some people think I’m funny. Thanks princess.” Dean gave her a little bow. Sam lifted her down to the floor and waved her to the car. Jack was unstrapping Ellie from his chest. “You need a hand there, Jack.”
“Yeah,” Dean said as he tipped the bottle to his mouth. “All of this is pretty damn near perfect.”
“Agree to disagree.” Crowley kissed Bobby on the cheek. “Wasn't sure what I was gonna do if you picked one of the other singers I showed you that day,” Crowley said to Cas.
“No more so than what you had him do with the lady and her child. You showed him how to handle situations like this. Castiel did what you would have done. He loved you enough to follow your lead.” Jack looked back into the room. Cas was walking out and Dean was still just standing there.
“You got the ingredients I need?”
The air around them became electric then, and without warning two figures appeared out of the night. They were two small, dark skinned boys with white hair full and natural, forming almost a halo around their heads.
Dean hesitated, stopped playing, then started up again. “Really?” He looked to Castiel then back at the keys. “How do you not know this?”
Dean’s hands stroked affection into his waist and up to his chest,
Then he pulled back those thoughts. Cas said he needed this. “Of course.”
“I just thought you should know.”
"Talked with some of the kids, Kaia too. Rebekah's having a hard time, but she's burying it. Kaia isn't hiding anything. She's angry at him, at the world, at everything. Zeek and Brie were just quiet, sad maybe. At one point Kaia stormed out, but Claire followed her."
“You don’t have to look,” Ruby purred.
“It’s Sunday. Nothing gonna be open for us today. Might as well settle in for the night.” Dean complied and thankfully did it silently. He found a motel and pulled into a spot by the office. Sam got out. He leaned back down into the car and said, “I’ll get the rooms. Wait here.”
“She was bad?” Rebekah asked.
“What?” Dean's voice rose an octave. Everything in his head was noise. Nothing made sense.
He went through the motions of getting ready like he was still going to head out to the studio. He got dressed in his more comfy clothes though, loose fitting sweat pants, and a faded band t-shirt. He wandered into his studio with a small bowl of cereal that he ate as he walked. The room wasn’t an actual studio in the strictest sense of the word. You couldn’t record anything in there, but there were plenty of instruments and lots of seating.
“You.” Dean looked up into Cas’ eyes, Gwen’s eyes, but it was like he was looking past that to something deeper. “Always you.” Cas came down to the bed. Cas had his legs on either side of Dean’s thighs. Somewhere along the way they’d both shed their underwear. Cas dipped down and kissed Dean, letting his tongue slide in, tasting him and ending with a gentle bite to Dean’s bottom lip.
“Shit.” He put the phone back to his ear. “Sorry 'bout that. I actually forgot what day it was.”
Dean just stared at him. That was shock on his face. Yes, total shock. Castiel started to shake. He hadn’t meant to throw out so much honesty. It was not what he’d ever intended. He was fine with Dean thinking that the past ten years were just fine for him. He was fine with Dean thinking that leaving was easy.
Castiel set a hand on Bobby's shoulder and said, “Please help me fix this. Let Dean know that it was a misunderstanding.”
“Play it.”
“Well, no. I actually haven’t. It’s unimportant.” Cas was staring straight ahead again. His profile was a bit stoic in that moment and made Dean think that maybe Cas was irritated with him.
It apparently wasn’t as neural as he thought, because Dean waggled his brows and said, “Someone's jealous.”
"Talk to him. He just wants you. Trust me. I can tell."
“Get your ass in here.” Castiel walked back into his house so there could be no argument. He called back over his shoulder, “Close the door on your way in.”
Dean shared too, but he avoided some things. He talked a lot about Sam and his life on the road, but he spared some details about his dad that might have been too telling. He griped and complained about Sam's relationship with Ruby. He talked about his car, a pristine ‘67 Chevy Impala.
Castiel was wearing the long black and grey plaid that he'd described. He also had the collar popped. Dean broke away from his band to get closer to Cas. “Hey, buddy,” Dean greeted him.
“You gonna give up control of that part and watch him butcher it?” Sam asked.
“Dean! I can’t...It’s got me! Shit!” The blackness seemed to stretch out into several long tentacles that wrapped around the pod. The tentacles pulled the pod toward the rift. The thrusters on the pod were working. Cas could see the pod straining against the tentacles in an effort toward breaking free.  The effort didn’t save him. In seconds, the light flashed, and Sam was gone.
“I do. He's something special.”
“We got it,” Sam called after him.
“Yes, and even smaller spaces than the whole planet. The bunker, the back seat of the Impala, the kitchen in the bunker even. I’ve come to appreciate the intimacy of small spaces, the joy that they can bring.” Cas glanced at Dean then back down at his hands. “The people too. They, you, make it better here.” He glanced at Dean again. Color rose into Dean’s cheeks.
He leaned in slowly and took Dean into his mouth. He could feel Dean shaking a little beneath him. When Cas looked up, he noticed that Dean’s eyes were closed. He was gripping the seat beneath him with one hand, and the other had found it’s way to the back of Cas’ head. The taste of Dean on his tongue, the feel of him writhing about a little beneath him, was enough to make him happy.
Cas glanced at the babies then at Dean and said, “Not much to show. This is literally it.”
“He’s not my mom, though you are both competing for that role.”
The air stirred in front of him, a breeze that wasn’t a breeze. It was a movement of air displaced by what had come. His mouth moved through the words, Latin phrases hastily memorized. There was light in the darkness, drawn to the blood upon which she’d feast. She’d speak her peace and be done. Then maybe the world could be set to rights.
“What, you mean Jody? Because I’m sitting like right here. I changed the diapers, so you must be referring to the rest of my wayward clan.” Claire laughed again. “Pretty sure Sam already tried that idea out.” She turned to Sam. “How’d that work out for you?”
“Born ready.” Dean grinned but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“He didn’t want you pushing yourself. He’s worried that you’ll crash into a tree or something.”
“Well, you don't see me doing that now, do you?”
He pulled out a white button up and some slacks. He frowned.
Dean drummed at the steering wheel, likely hearing the perpetual music in his head. He pulled into the hotel that they’d be staying at. It was tall, and part of a chain. When he shut off the car, they both got out and just stared up at it. “Not sure when Sam decided we were made of money.”
They rode on in silence for a little longer. Cas was humming his song again, and Dean wondered if it had lyrics. He didn’t interrupt though, as he wanted to keep hearing it. Cas’ hand drifted back to his shoulder and his thumb traced a path back and forth there. The quiet was nice. Dean’s phone began buzzing on the seat between them. Dean glanced down at the name on the screen, Jody.
“I, uh, yeah.” Castiel pushed the button to open the gate. He walked past the large mirror in the hall and gave himself a quick once over. “Shit. I look like shit.” He tried to fix his hair, which was a messy mop of unstyled glory. He gave up and stalked toward the door. He decided to meet Dean on the porch, question his life choices, then retreat back into the sanctity of his home, maybe with Dean’s coffee.
“Sit,” Cas said, pointing at a simple grey couch in one of his living spaces. Dean did as he was told, then Cas came to the couch, hesitated, then sat at his side. He turned to face Dean, their knees pressing together as he did. “I want us to be friends.”
It was how Cas came to know more than he wanted to about the many ways in which Dean had moved on. He'd done well to a point. Yes, he drove his band mad with constant work at the studio, but he didn't go home and drink himself into oblivion. So there was that at least.
“You haven’t beaten him yet?” Dean considered the possible moves for each of them and saw that Sam was not gonna win this round either. It was odd. He’d played chess with Sam and countless other thinking games. Sam won quite often. He had a tactical bent when it came to certain things.
“Shut it, Sam,” Dean said.
“Why,” Dean asked.
“I never have been accused of maturity.” Luc laughed now. What really bugged Castiel was that Anna and Uriel laughed with him. “Really was impressed with Sam. Guy can belt out a tune like no one’s business. He and that gal Ruby were singing something new in the elevator. Caught ‘em red handed.”
I decided to climb down the fire escape. What was I doing? I set the coffee mug down on the landing before committing to the effort. The last leg of the fire escape wasn’t lowered. I undid the latch and slid down with the ladder. It was a cool move that I’d shown Alex when she was a kid. It earned me some points with her. I was trying to earn a different set of points now. He was watching me. I schooled my features and endeavored to be casual on the inside and the outside.
“I think so. Bobby and I need a breather and the babies shouldn’t be going on hunts.”
Miracles happen everyday. They bundled back up, and somehow no one saw them leave. No one approached them on the streets for an autograph. No one seemed to even know that either of them existed. They even got back to the hotel and into the elevator up to Castiel’s floor. Miracles like that don’t happen everyday for Dean, but they happen for someone, and he was glad that it was finally his turn.
“We met once. I’m telling you, he hates me. This is a joke. There’s no way.”
Clark paused. “You’re Jack’s father.” He turned and faced him. “He told me a little about you when we hung out at the station.”
“You look like a damn hippie,” Dean grumbled, but it was clear that he wasn't serious. “Just one minute and some hedge clippers…”
“You seem surprised. Is your room different?” Castiel walked to the middle of the room and took up residence at Dean's side.
Castiel took the bottle of whiskey and refilled his glass. He looked from Dean's eyes to his glass and back. Dean pushed his own glass forward. Castiel filled it. “You know me, Dean. At least I'd like to think you still do.” He focused on the glass in front of him. He took another drink. “It's been hell. I lost all of them. They were the closest thing to family I'll ever have.”
“I’m not ready to watch you go off without me. I just got you back.” As confessions go, this was a lot for Dean. Sam was his world. After the loss of their parents, Dean fell into the role of father, mother, brother, and friend. His every choice had been focused on giving Sam what he needed to make his life full and meaningful, and now here he was on some sort of precipice.
The band had done a tour in India and parts of Southeast Asia. While there, Castiel bought all of the furniture that made up the feel of the room. There was the blue and gold puffy couch, the round blue ottoman style chairs, the large intricately patterned rug. The piano that sat at the corner had a large, some would say too ornate, candelabra perched on its lid. He’d bought it in a small shop outside their hotel in Bangkok. Everything had called to him. The piano was something else. It was not from the band’s travels. It was Anna’s. After the accident, her husband said that she wanted him to have it. She’d planned to send it to him after the break up. She just hadn’t gotten the opportunity. He’d also told Castiel other things, things about how she felt, the regrets. It didn’t help.
Dean didn't feel ready to let the evening end. There were a couple of ways it could go, but all options felt like they'd be too much. Walking bought him time. “You see any paparazzi on the property?”
His helpful brain seemed to have an agenda.
“It's been ten years Cas. Just about everything is different.” Dean sighed. He let go of Cas’ hand to rake his fingers back through his hair, a nervous gesture. “I got a shrink. She's been walking me through the tough bits for a few years now. I think I'm better than I was. She thinks I still have a ways to go yet.”
“Thanks again man. I'm pretty sure Jo would let me borrow from them, but I hate to hold her up after this performance.”
“So, I maybe got us some inflatable rafts to take out on the water. They have a swim beach over there.” Sam gestured off to the other end of the park.
“You and Sam and your mom. You were sitting at a table together. Castiel was there too. He was human. Everyone was happy. There were no monsters to hunt, at least not really. The world wasn’t ending. There was peace.” Jack looked down at his feet. “I don’t know where the vision came from. It doesn’t make sense to see the future with Castiel in it if he is dead.” Then Jack looked up. “Unless he can come back. Can he come back?”
He popped off and looked at Dean again. “So glad you found me.”
“You’re welcome.” Cas leaned his head back up into the space between them again. “Why would he send you something though, and then try to discourage your interference at the same time? That’s what doesn’t make sense.”
“Yeah, we've met a few times. She can drink me under the table.” Castiel smiled and took a bite of his steak.
Ruby added, “One down, one to go. You seen Michael since last night?”
“I’m trying. If I’m overstepping, you just have to tell me.” I had to wipe my hands on my slacks again. He came close and started undoing my drape and neck cloth. No hiding now, Mr. Sweaty Palms.
Cas could hear Dean’s breathing increase with his clear worry. “Sam, retreat! Sam! Sam!” Dean was in an immediate panic. Cas could see why. The blackness surrounding the phenomenon seemed to extend toward Sam and latch on, for lack of a better word. It was pulling him toward the light.
"Gabriel?" Kali asked. He spared her a glance and a wink. "What have you done?"
He was shaving in long, smooth strokes down my cheek. I couldn’t respond. He directed my head into a few positions with a little tug here and there. I didn’t moan, or anything, so I was proud of myself for all of this control I was exhibiting. Then he was leaning in again. It wasn’t to tell me anything. It was just to check the shave, make sure it was close enough. His leg though, now that was in every way distracting.
“She was a seamstress, so maybe something clothing related, a favorite dress or a sewing machine maybe.” Cas eased himself down into the bed a little and onto his side. He was facing Dean now. Dean noticed that he’d unbuttoned not one but two buttons on his white shirt. Dean felt his face betraying his thoughts with a wide grin.
Castiel moved to face him. “And you came right here.”
Castiel got up then, crossed the room to stop Bobby leaving. This could be his out. He didn't want an out, at least not like this. “You're right. He's the most talented musician out there. I'd like to work with him.” How he got it all out in a steady voice was a miracle. Castiel felt like he was vibrating out of his skin.
Dean felt his shoulders sag. He didn’t have anger in him though, just defeat. He reached out to the kid, set his hand on his shoulder, and said, “Maybe rest some. If you feel up to it, try again in the morning.”
“Fine.” Sam bent down into a crouch. “And what’s your name?”
“Look at the trail it’s leaving behind.” Old Mo waved a hand at it, and Dean looked at the tail end of it.
“Okay, I’ll bite. What did I say?” The waitress behind the counter waved a hand out at all of the empty seats. Dean walked to the far end and slid into the booth. Cas took the side opposite him. It was odd not sitting on the same side. Dean had grown used to it. Cas even looked a little confused by the arrangement before he committed to the seat.
“We might need to get together to hatch a game plan. This might take some real strategizing.” I got up out of the chair. If this conversation went south, I’d need to be able to cut and run right quick.
Dean stood back up and turned with the guitar hanging in front of him. “You got an amp for me to plug into?”
Castiel laughed. “The honor bar might be the only thing that’s nice about that room though.”
Dean woke up from the deepest sleep he’d gotten in some time. Things were okay, not good, but okay. At least no one was riding shotgun in his meatsuit anymore. That had been dumb. Jack survived, so there was that. And all things considered, it really could have been worse. More were saved than lost, so it was kind of a win. And until last night sleep had been hard to come by.
“I like going where the song takes me.” Castiel started playing something quietly.
His lips dragged over to Dean’s jawline, then his neck. And just as it was starting to go somewhere, Cas pulled away. “Rude,” Dean said.
“Oh,” Cas looked surprised, eyebrows raised just a little. “I take it that you find this tolerable.”
“I just…” Cas looked away back to the door. “That boy, he's here because I am open about who I am.”
“In New York?” Castiel asked.
Also, she made it quite clear that he absolutely needed to keep up the therapy despite his wild opinions to the contrary.
Going into the room was some kind of joy. Never was a room more tailor made for Dean’s tastes. Sure he’d take some ribbing from Sam, but Dean wasn’t about to let him rain on his joy parade. This was great. This was fucking awesome. There was even a damn bison head on the wall. He gave it a boop. He turned to the rest of them and popped a little dirty thought Cas’ way as he grinned ear to ear. Cas just smiled right back.
Nightfall came and they had tried going out. Sam told them to just get dinner on their own and then went back into his room. They found a diner and ate together, then drove around the tiny town. Dean said, “Thought we’d find a bar. Guess not.”
“Need I mention the things I can do to you if you lose some of those layers?” Castiel pinched Dean's nipple and grinned.
Rowena wasn’t like other women. She was clever, but plenty of women were clever. She was beautiful, and that too was a trait shared by many. She was powerful, and that was not so common at this time and in this place. Her father had been a tanner, and when he had died leaving no direct male heir, the land and the house should have been claimed by some male cousin or very distant family member.
Sam was staring at the checkerboard with an intensity usually reserved for much more complicated games. “Heya, Sammy.” Sam looked up at him.
“She gets a little cranky in the evening. I think she wants to be fed.”
Dean and Cas found a space a safe distance from the ship, and they watched it launch. The ship ripped through the sky, a long white plume of smoke left behind in its wake. Dean swiped at his eyes. He wasn’t crying he told himself. It was the dust. Cas set a hand on his back. “He’ll come back to us.”
“Sam! Sam!” Then Gabriel cut out the sound.
“Did someone bother to check the validity of the news? I don’t recall even one soul setting foot on my land to learn more of my untimely demise. Have I not done enough for this community to warrant some care?” She raised one brow with the question.
“I did think that. But…”
Cas added, “How'd you even know about us?”
“There's more than that. He's funny and tender. He's had such a rough upbringing, and through all that he never stopped caring. He has known loss, and it didn't defeat him.” Castiel looked away, a blush rising to his cheeks with the confession. “I sound like an idiot.”
Rowena dropped to the woodland floor and scooped up the ax in one fluid motion. She swung the ax, and he stepped back. “Perhaps you should run like your friend almost did.”
“Good to see you again. Hope I'm not intruding.”
“Yeah,” Cas said, picking up the burger for the first bite.
“I’ll do my best and then return to you in three days.” He nodded, and she left.
Instead he nursed a beer and watched the people he barely knew flirt and laugh and ramble on about nothing at all.
“Oh, him?”
“I’m so going to take a bath, and you are not going to judge me.” He waved a finger at him.
language you threw in there.”
“And what if I,” Dean started.
“Yes. If at any point you change your mind, you can kick me out. You’ll be fully aware of everything.” Cas made sure she could see just how sincere he was as he spoke.
Billboard Top 100 Countdown:
Anna hummed a little, then said, “You established new boundaries right?”
“It's what I'm here for.” He could hear the smile in her voice. “You come see me next week and tell me how it went.”
It was only when the kiss ended that Dean realized that Cas’ hands were still flat against the wall. They stayed close in the moment, staring past the fog of their breaths. “I love you.” It was a simple declaration. Cas’ voice wasn’t timid or quiet. It was steady, anchoring Dean in the moment. It was delivered like a statement of fact, the truest truth ever spoken. “I’ve told you before, but not so that you understood it. I’d have prayed a response to you when you were trapped in that place. I wanted to save you from all of it. You felt abandoned, and I felt like I’d abandoned you. I failed you.”
Dean was halfway to the door. He stopped but didn’t turn back. “I’m driving out to Hay tomorrow. Gonna take a little break.”
She got in. "Won't your friend be pissed that you stole his date?" She smiled and inched closer. Her hand slid slowly up his thigh.
The priest took a seat on the opposite side of the desk. “It is a true work of art. It is said that the monk that did the illuminations had direct contact with the angels.”
The edge of her lip ticked up a little. “You know I love you right back?”
Dean was feeling good. He was on his way back to the bunker, the most recent case was solved, the kids were fine, and Cas would stay. All told, it was a good day. He began humming Cas’ song.
Rowena did not let her surprise show on her face. Instead she asked again, “What do you want?”
They were being interviewed on
“I still have Sam. He may not be able to do the music thing anymore, but I'll take that. I'll definitely take that.”
“Close your eyes.” Dean complied. “And, yes, you did.” Dean’s body swayed a little, and it brought his own cheek into contact with Cas’. As if to remind him, Cas said, “He told me who I loved.”
"And a mother that abandoned them. How do you think that feels. They also didn't leave behind infancy until they were with Dean and I for months."
Dean’s eyes opened and he shook his head, confused perhaps that he was out of bed. He crawled back under the covers and stared at the door like he was waiting for someone.
Sam didn't answer, so Dean did. “We take care of people, Rebekah. Part of that includes worrying that we're not doing our best.”
Dean sucked in an audible breath. “This is nice. You didn’t have all this stuff last time I was here.” Dean walked around the room, peering at the various pictures on the shelves. The row of guitars got some extra attention. “Shit, is this?” Dean pointed at one of the electric guitars.
Dean leaned into him and kissed the side of his lips. “Thanks, Cas.”
“Next stop is the room across the hall. That's where the rest of Castiel's band is.” Sam looked around and asked, “Speaking of, where is Castiel?”
Dean closed the trunk and moved toward his room. Sam was walking off toward the other end of the row of rooms, back toward the office. “Where you going?” Dean hollered after him.
“Then you must have slept like shit, because babies, you know they kind of don’t sleep.”
, and Cas almost switched the whole thing off, but then the words caught him.
“That must be awful sometimes. I’m a bit of a trainwreck.” Dean’s laugh was subdued, a little self-deprecating.
"I thought that I was doing the right thing. You two playing your parts was said to be a thing that would restore balance in the world. So, I meddled like a good son."
“Yeah, thanks for that, buddy.” Dean let the sarcasm drip from every syllable.
Rowena chose to address the woman. “What can I do for you?”
The next verse was all Dean's. He made a slight change. “Maybe I'm a man and maybe you're the only man//Who could ever help me//Baby won't you help me understand.”
“Guess you were starving huh?” Dean smirked. He poked Cas in the belly. “You’re gonna love these.” Cas took up residence at one of the counter stools and watched Dean work. He could have offered help, but he knew Dean wanted to do this. He’d been talking about it for weeks now.
He left Cas to rest some more, heading back out to watch the Cora Homecoming parade. Doc had said that he’d likely wake up soon and that they needn’t worry. Dean staked out a spot next to Sam and Old Mo. The various cobbled-together floats made their way down the street. Some of them supporting Downtown Cora High School and some supporting Rural Cora High School. There were cheerleaders for both teams and pep bands that played from atop flower-covered trailers pulled behind Chevy trucks. Old Mo pointed at one of the floats making its way up the street. It was a large float with the DCHS mascot taking up most of it. The kids and their parents made all the floats. This one was the best by far.
“No.”
“Cas,” Dean breathed out. “I want you.”
They came to him, but kept a small distance. “You spoke to us,” they both said together.
“She’s talking?” Dean asked.
“You feel obligated or something?”
“Anytime, gramps.” She laughed into his shoulder and stepped back. “Hey, Cas.” He stepped toward her and seemed like he was going to hug her, but he stopped. It was still sometimes odd between them. Apparently, babysitting had softened Claire a little though, as she reached out to him and pulled him into a rib-crushing hug. “You know we hug right?”
“Where’s the angel?” he asked past gritted teeth.
“I need to remember not to be gone so long next time.” Cas looked to Sam then and asked, “What do you think is causing the hallucinations?”
“Yeah, you've heard of it?”
“Uh, okay.” Jack moved past them to the main room.
“Kinda thought you were closeted. Then New Year's happened, and I thought, maybe he isn't as closeted as I thought, just inexperienced. So I went for it.”
“Just regretting my life's choices.” Dean laughed.
“I know.” Cas stood over him waiting as Dean tied the laces. “Get your coat.” Dean mechanically did as he was told. Cas stood at the door waiting for him.
his brain supplied.
“Not tonight, but a couple of weeks ago. I don’t bother her at night anymore.”
Castiel took her. “I'm going to regret not asking you back to my room.”
“Maybe.” Dean wedged his bottle into the sand and started taking off his shoes. “I got my beer. Maybe I should actually get my toes sandy.”
“No.”
“As you wish,” Castiel whispered.
Cas didn’t answer right away. He thought about the way Dean was, the things he said, the thoughts that sometimes came to him as drunken prayers. Dean wasn’t drunk tonight though. He thought of how warm he was at his side though, even tonight, the way he would casually just touch him for no good reason at all. “Yes, I think he would.”
“None of them are done. I think I’ve been avoiding endings so I didn’t have to share them with Crowley.”
Cas interrupted, “You need to sleep, and Dean isn’t tired yet. A short walk should do the trick. We won’t be out for long.”
“I understand. I suppose though, that it always seemed to be a distinction that was earned over time and through shared experiences that one might call dangerous.”
“There’s enough.” Dean tossed his dirty clothes onto the dresser next to his bag and then went to the opposite bed. He pulled back the comforter to the end and then checked under the rest of the blankets and sheets. Giving it the mental
“Yeah, it has been ten years.” They walked into the studio.
He was biting his bottom lip. Did he even know he was doing that? I crossed the street. “Hey.” I should have had more to say. I didn’t plan that far out.
“Perhaps I shouldn’t play with you before I consume you.” He was rather confident. Rowena smiled, because she was confident too.
She held up the bottle and capped it. She tossed it to Sam who, thankfully, caught it. He took a swig and passed it to Dean. “Can’t believe this is our life now.”
But then Dean thought about how long it had been since he’d seen Cas in the familiar suit and coat. It seemed that Cas had learned to appreciate variety lately. Even now, he was wearing one of Dean's old Led Zeppelin shirts and some jeans they picked up the last time they went shopping.
“Still a musician. Not doing film just yet. And if I do, you'll be the first to know.” He tossed her a wink for good measure.
“Gabriel was never one to follow rules. I’ve often wondered who would pay the price for it all.” His thoughts were disrupted by the door above opening with a rough scrape of hinges.
They'd been doing pretty well in the last year. Their album went platinum, they had a sold out tour, they'd all upgraded their living situations. Somehow though, this was the moment that made it all real to Dean.
Becky interrupted, “Oh, and don’t I know it. I was so excited to see you guys paired up with so many other talented bands. It’s high time Sam gets recognition on the festival circuit for his amazing voice.” She was practically swooning. Dean wondered how she survived getting to talk with him all up close.
Then, Dean reached out and pressed two fingers to Cas’ lips so that only he delivered the last line, “Maybe I'm amazed at the way I really need you.”
Dean said, “Oh, best line coming up right here.”
“I’m not convinced that angels exist,” Rowena said as she looked to the woods too. She’d never seen an angel, but that meant little. She’d never seen a demon before today either, but now one was talking with her.
Dean found his voice. “I am sorry about that. I really can't imagine.”
“You keep saying that. You realize we couldn't get any farther away from home at this point.”
Cas folded his hands in front of himself on the table and answered, “Dean just finished one of the songs I'd been working on for what seems like forever. We're quite close to having a full set of solid pieces.”
“I'll go,” Cas interrupted. “Would he want me around though? I mean, we hardly know each other.”
“I, yeah, uh.”
As if summoned, Castiel chose that moment to emerge from the other room. “Why aren't you two here with breakfast?”
“Hey, Cas, who said I wanted all that in my coffee?”
He let his mind linger on that thought for a moment. Virginia wasn’t like this. This was an anomaly. This was part of the problem.
“Asshole.”
“Good thing you think I’m bait then.” She smiled and held the knife up to her lips. She whispered three words over the knife and the demon’s blood.
“It might make your trip to Hastings an overnighter but it won’t be the end of the world. Plus, you’ll get some sleep. Sam said you hadn’t slept straight through the night for over a week.”
The first couple of cases, they just barreled through. They salted and burned, and fixed what needed fixing. It was all easy stuff, stuff any first time hunter could handle. Cas sensed that Sam was throwing them softballs because he thought that was all they could handle.
“I’m in room 5. You two fix your shit and leave me the hell alone.” And like that Sam was in his room. Dean just stared after him for a moment.
“What theory?”
“Sammy's always worrying that I don't meet people. I haven't told him much about how we've been talking.”
“Nah, just Cas.” Dean threw out his arms at that and made his way out to the War Room.
“Faces. I’m pretty sure that’s all I’m good for.” Cas got himself, somehow wedged into the space between the two carseats. It couldn’t have been comfortable. Dean pulled back onto the road. The babies calmed down eventually. Cas went through a vast array of ‘faces’ and a hastily made bottle for each. Dean hoped that when they got home, that maybe they’d feel happy again.
Dean played to the crowd like a rock god. He’d been on tour for the past year, but there was something about the set at Cali Fest that was entirely different. He wondered if it was the guitar that seemed like it was made for him. He wondered if it was the adrenaline high that he was on after talking with Castiel. He also wondered if it was the crowd that yelled his name and made him feel like he was more than the simple guy that use to live on the road with his dad and brother.
“This is it. I don't think it gets any better,” Michael said. He was dressed in a crisp, white suit.
“Next thing you know, you'll be telling me that Uriel misunderstood you.”
“You found me,” Castiel said as he came to the edge of the stage.
They got out of the car together. "You'll walk me back to the building?" Cas asked.
“Yeah.” Dean wondered when he'd become so mesmerized by hands, just hands with gloriously long fingers that conjured music like they were made for nothing else. Cas had so many other attributes on which to focus, but here he was staring at his hands and getting just a little hard.
“We should hope that it’s Sam.” Cas moved closer to Dean and slid his hand up under Dean’s head. Dean adjusted into the curve of him.
“Okay,” Dean paused a moment and choked out, “Gwen,” like he needed to use her name to keep up the ruse.
Rowena choose to speak then, "I wonder why it was that he set all of this in motion then." Kali leveled her gaze on Rowena, but Rowena did not let the gaze intimidate her. She continued, "Why set up spells that would bring all of his children together? Why set up a situation that would inevitably bring you here? Certainly, he thought that you could help in some way, but we're missing it. Can you help?"
“Dean, god, oh god,” Castiel breathed out as Dean began kissing down his throat. “Dean, Dean,” Castiel's vocabulary devolved. Dean felt encouraged.
“I’m not even 40 yet.”
Over dinner, I thought they’d chill a little, but no, that was never going to happen. They didn’t even seem to care one bit that we had company. Oh, and Claire, she had no issues with contributing to the let’s hook up Dean with the nearest single man on the planet conversation. Nope, she downright encouraged all of them. Sam even piped up at some point with, “Alex, I like this one. Keep her.”
They each found spaces to change. When Cas found Dean, he was in one of the rooms off the kitchen. There was a large flat screen television on the wall. Dean had told him in the early days that the room had great acoustics. Cas already knew that. The room also had the most comfortable couch. “Want me to pop up some popcorn?” Dean asked.
Michael eventually found him and dragged him to their seats. Sam and Ruby were maybe a little tipsy. “Stop drinking. We gotta perform,” Dean said.
“Missed you too. Welcome home.” Dean stepped back and motioned at the babies. “So, babies?”
The boys nodded. Dean moved closer “I'm Dean and this is Cas.”
Castiel nodded. Dean let his lips graze over the rim of Castiel's ear. He let out a small breath. He felt Castiel shake in his grip. Dean dipped his head a little, bringing his lips to Castiel's jawline. He kissed the line of his jaw so slightly that Castiel could maybe claim that it wasn't a kiss at all. If Castiel wanted to stop this, wanted to step aside and end this, whatever this was or could be, Dean would accept that. At least he told himself that he would.
“Yeah, that.” Castiel began finishing up the last of the sandwiches. The soup still had a ways to go before it was warm enough. “So, it was awkward. I felt like an ass. I wrote ‘Crushed’ then, because I felt like I was hurting people left and right. It wasn't about hurting just her though. You were in my head then too.”
“They’ll survive.” Cas put on his seatbelt. Ellie was waving her hands around in the back seat. Samuel looked tired, but awake.
Cas walked to the counter and picked up the sugar jar. “Here.” He took the mug from her and set it on the counter. He began spooning sugar into the mug. He went to the fridge next and got the milk.
“It’s going to be awesome.”
That was back in November, and I haven’t been able to shake the night. It started in a way that seemed destined to go down in history as one of the worst holiday dinners in the history of ever. It was a roller coaster experience, that’s for sure. With Alex’s constant window checking just before Claire arrived and all of the gentle poking and prodding from Sam and Jody, I’d already felt near epic levels of anxiety spiking through me.
“Tonight. This should be easy. Cas stayed up researching and has some leads.”
“Would you?” Dean glanced over at him.
“Not to mention the disappearing articles,” Dean added.
Cas moved slowly to him. and took a position facing Dean. “You ready, Dean?”
They ended. The silence felt off. He didn’t want to speak though. It felt like it would break the spell. He wanted to forget that there were a whole bunch of stupid years that stood in between them. Dean spoke, and the moment ended. “We should do more of that. Do you always play the lead?”
“Who did?” Cas asked.
“I,” Dean began. “He sent you the video with the vocals?” He looked nervous now.
“Five years of plugging away before anything really stuck, but yeah. I think Sam and I decided early on that this thing had to work. We owed it to Bobby.”
The boy looked away. “She never came to us when we asked before.”
“Oh,” she said, then, “oh,” again. “Would he be into that?”
“Them's the breaks kiddo.” Cas smiled at him.
Cas interrupted, “I should let you just keep going down that panic stricken road you’re on right now, but I won’t. No, Dean, I didn’t sleep with her.”
He watched the door close between him and Crowley and thought,
“You only put my name on the list.” Dean stepped closer to him. The windows though, they reminded him of how high up they were, so he stopped just a few feet away. Castiel didn't turn around. “Were you hoping to party with my band tonight, or were you just hoping to party with me?”
“Can I borrow one for today?” He waved his hand in front of the various choices.
“Because I’m a giant baby that doesn’t communicate properly.”
"I could move up." Cas got out and took the passenger seat. Dean looked at him like he wanted to say something. The silence just stretched though. Cas decide to break the silence. "You have a good night?"
Cas broke free from him and turned away. He took a deep needless breath of air and said, “I won’t leave.” His head dipped down to his chest. “Things have to change though. I can’t keep doing this.” He waved a hand out next to him as if that explained anything.
“Finish eating your burger, and I’ll take you to your damn telescope.” Dean rolled his eyes. “You do know that we have a telescope back at the bunker?”
Dean stretched, and his back popped. It drew Castiel’s eyes to him. They were close, and now Dean had pulled the age-old stretch and place move. His arm was resting behind Cas’ shoulders.
Castiel laughed bitterly. “Uriel, Anna, Luc.” He laughed more.
“I don't know. It tastes better than usual. Why don’t you use cream and sugar?” Cas took another long sip and seemed happy with it.
“I did?” Dean cracked open one eye. Cas was right there, cheek practically resting against Dean.
He drank until the world spun. He wanted to face Dean. He wanted to tell him off. He couldn't though. Night came to him, and eventually the drinking did its job.
He thought of Anna, of Luc, of Uriel. He was going to quit if they hadn't pushed him out first.
“Dean wants to know if the babies are okay. The only answer that will be okay for him is to say that the babies are fine and happy.”
Cas lifted it to his lips and smiled past the brim. “It’s good.” He set the mug down on the table and asked, “You’re worried that I’m not going to stick around.”
“Oh, looks like she fell,” Old Mo started to shuffle off toward her to help. She had been part of the parade. She must have tripped over the pothole in the road. Sam reached out to Mo and stalked off into the street toward the girl.
“Looks like it.” And Dean cupped Castiel’s cheek in his hand and leaned back in to taste him again.
Cas moved off Dean’s lap and in an economy of moves, pulled Dean down onto his back on the seat. He lifted Dean’s hips and removed his pants. “
“Uh, where are we going?” Dean was already scooping up the bag and opening the door. “Do I need to grab anything?”
Castiel cut him off with a dismissive hand wave. “Whatever, see you next summer at Cali or something.”
“No. Go book a room. You need sleep.” Cas waved at the motel office that they were parked near. They’d been sitting there for some time while Dean tried to commit to his situation. He tossed the phone down and did as he was told.
Dean read through the rest of the rather pointless messages, then he went to his news feed. There were pictures of the night before, of the various cities that did New Year’s Eve in a big way. He searched for his band and saw pics of them rocking it on stage. The comments seemed good, enthusiastic even. He searched for Fallen next and saw a lot of the same, but in the background he could see himself and Sam. It was nice seeing a little visual reminder of them out together last night.
“Yes, I’m going. We go down together, or you don’t go at all. I watched you march off to your death way too many times. I’m not watching it again. I’m going with you.”
Kaia glared at him with even greater intensity than before. “You did it for yourself. Everything that happened with me predated all of this business with Sam and the others. What’d you do, go back in time to mess up my life, end my mom’s, abandon even more people that you supposedly care about?” She didn’t wait for an answer. She stormed from the room instead.
He just stared at her for a moment like he was trying to decide how best to deal with this turn of events. He looked past her to the bodies, then back again. He took a step back away from her. She reached down to the woodpile at her door and took hold of the ax. “We just wanted the angel.”
He turned back to me. His eyes were locked on mine, and he looked once again, cute. It amazed me how fast he could go from smoulder city to adorable dad. I needed to make this happen. Effort, Dean Winchester. Make it! “I’m hosting Christmas dinner this year at my place.” I actually pointed at my window, like he didn’t already know where my place was.
The crowd loved it. Dean dropped to one knee and pulled out a small box. He'd managed to slip a wireless mic into his back pocket. He pulled it out now and sang, “Maybe I'm amazed by the way I love you…” Dean held the last note a little long.
“Who do you love?” Dean asked. He kept his eyes closed. He breathed and counted it a success.
“It does.” She was writing something on a slip of paper, the number. She slid it to him. “Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Winchester?”
“Could be another Amara.”
Cas started to reach for Dean’s face, but he stopped. Dean was already leaning in, craving the comfort that only Cas could offer. “I promise.” With that Cas headed down the hall and away.
“Did Sam say it was time to get the boats out?” Jack asked as he practically bounced to the table.
“So he just meant that he’d come back here and see you?” Her tone carried all of the skepticism.
movies
It wasn’t clear who leaned in first, but it was clear that Sam and now Jack too, had the worst timing in the world. Jack’s words rolled down the halls to them. “We’re back!” He was heading their way.
As Cas got out he said, “When you talk in your sleep, I find that most informative.” They walked side by side into the diner.
“We don’t even know what’s causing it.” Sam turned to Cas then and asked, “You getting anywhere with it?”
“Sam!” There's was a small redhead making her way past the crews. “Gonna need your input on the staging again.”
“Still, he’s young. He’s got a following. This could be good for you both.”
Dean went off to the bathroom. He could hear Castiel’s low rumble of a voice on the phone, placing the order. Cas had left some bruises on his hips. Dean ran his fingers over them, a little smile graced his lips. He wanted more of this, luxurious days or weeks of this right here. He needed a break and maybe Cas needed one too. They could find some spot to hole up in and just do some exploring.
Cas interrupted him, "So you risked an innocent woman's life because you felt sad?"
“My body is weak, but my spirit is willing,” Dean laughed as he said it.
He didn't intend the tone. It was too late to fix it though. He'd been surprised.
Cas turned mid step. “Dean.”
The elevator arrived at Castiel's floor and Dean stepped out. The doors closed behind him, and Dean considered just turning right back around.
“Well I'd be happy to visit him with you.”
He closed his eyes and saw green ones looking back, rheumy with intoxication. Those eyes were something. Castiel felt himself leaning toward them, toward the past. He opened his eyes to the empty room, to the last dregs of Thursday night.
He seemed to hesitate. Her question did come without preamble. “There is Father Thomas as well. He is still missing.” Father Matthew’s answer came with a trembling delivery. Rowena returned her gaze to him. He was afraid of her, despite his bravado. She could see it now.
Castiel took comfort in the fact that he was finally home now. It was the one place that made him feel at ease. He lived alone, far from the crowds that made up the L.A. scene. He went to his exercise studio and flicked on a light. The yoga mat was laid out in the middle of the room waiting to welcome him. He walked to it, taking off his shoes before starting.
Dean accepted that as he turned off the lights and breathed in Cas, all close and damn near perfect in his arms.
Dean was reeling a little. He'd been worrying over running into Cas again. He thought that it'd be awkward at best. The way they parted felt like a dismissal. Dean understood. He knew he hadn't handled things well. This communication with Cas was giving him new hope though.
“No.”
“And am I to presume that you have an appropriate booster seat for Rebekah and car seats for Samuel and Ellie?” Dean asked, assuming that the answer would be a rather dejected no. He was already considering the drive to the Smith Center to pick up the necessary booster seat for Rebekah.
She moved slowly back toward him, reaching out a hand to touch him. “I knew something was different about you. You were mesmerizing. I felt like I needed to be near you.”
It was an easy enough salt and burn. They found a very important dress, and they burned it. Easy peasy. They got on the road and were ten miles into the drive back, when Cas said, “We forgot the cribs.” They turned around and went back. Even with the extra time needed to drive out and back, they still managed to get on the road again by the late afternoon. They even had a good laugh about it.
Halfway home and Cas’ hand found its way back to the seat then Dean’s shoulder. His thumb did the little stroking thing that it had done before.
“You can't be confused. Did you just miss the very obvious hand gesture?” Dean's voice rose an octave.
Dean tensed when Cas fingers moved between Dean's legs. “I'll go slow,” Castiel whispered into Dean's ear. “If you don't like it, just tell me. There's plenty we can still do.”
“Well, at least someone’s happy about that.” She pointedly glanced at Dean.
It was a moment he looked back at from time to time. They were happy on their new adventure together. He loved them. They were family in that deep way that friends sometimes were.
He paced around her. “You have power rolling off you. What are you?”
The scene shifted again, and Cas was in his own room at the bunker. It was recent. They’d shared over beers how they each worried, how Dean worried. Sam was always a bit more chill where Cas’ absences were concerned. Dean had told him that he wasn’t mad, just worried. When they went to bed, he’d wanted to talk more, explain what was going on. It would have changed things though.
“Oh,” Dean said, all low and strangely shy. “I only threw in a few lines. It’s just like what I do with Sammy. It’s nothing.”
“You can tell me,” Dean said.
“In the traditional places,” Cas smirked. “I'll likely start with that lush mouth of yours.”
“It’ll always be too soon. I don’t want that again.” He closed his eyes and hoped Crowley would just have mercy and go away. There was a bottle of Jack in the cabinet at the other end of the room; he could make good use of it. “Go.”
Cas replied, “Yes.”
Instead of crawling into bed next to Dean, Cas opted to just peek in on him. Dean wasn't alone. Curled up beside him were Samuel and Ellie. All three of them snoring away.
It would be seven soon enough, and he couldn't be thinking like this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Rebekah was quiet, but she looked like she really wanted to share. Dean remembered the day that she showed the scene with the skyscrapers in the hall. He moved to Cas’ side and said, “Maybe you could just tell us about the shadow girl that climbed down from the skyscrapers.”
“Might not be too late.”
“We could go if you want.” Cas didn’t get up though.
Sam nodded and said, “And I think you might have another team too.”
This got Castiel laughing a little. “Wow, not sure anyone ever described anything I was involved with as pure.” He leaned in closer to Dean and said, “Thanks for that.”
“Oh, I didn’t show you the strangest part of all of this.” Cas reached up and clicked open a new tab. “You remember the spot Sam marked on the map for where we’re going?”
Dean was singing, eyes closed like it was all his song now. His body swayed through the highs and lows. He was feeling it. Castiel was feeling it too. They got to the end. “When’d you write an end for me?”
Oh, he was looking at my hand on his shirt. I should let go, retreat. His eyes locked with mine. “It’s better than the kilt.” He smiled, and it was almost like he knew what that kilt did to me. And here he just dropped it into our nice little conversation like it was nothing. Well, fuck him too. I’d fuck him. This train of thought was not helping.
“I don't hate you. That song is about me.” Castiel turned back to the sandwiches and pulled them off of the grill. They were a little dark. “Can we not?”
Cas shook his head and returned his focus to the film. “This is comfortable.”
He plucked out a few notes on his acoustic guitar. The song had a tone of Spanish melancholy to it. The first full minute was just guitar work. It didn't seem like much at first, but a minute is a long time for a song intro. It was a bold move, but it worked.
We seemed to get on well enough at least, so it might not be awkward the next time. We were a united front once we entered the house again and summoned the girls to the kitchen. I motioned for them to sit on the other side of the kitchen island. Cas took a seat beside me, and I passed him the first slice of pie. We’d both schooled our expressions into the most serious faces we could muster.
His brain was a reckless teenager.
They each just stood there, Castiel staring straight into Dean's eyes. Dean felt his heart stutter. The silence went on too long.
“Geesh, Cas. It’s nothing. A week is literally nothing. I can’t believe you. I really thought I was about to embark on single fatherhood here.”
The drive was as quick as Cas had made out. He pulled up to a big iron gate that was between two adobe pillars. Dean was about to tap the intercom, but the gate opened before he could. The driveway was short and ended at the front of the house.
“Uh, sorry.” Dean didn’t know what to say.
“What can I say, I’m the baby listener.” Bobby laughs. “I’m gonna go get some beer. You want any, Mary?”
And it was due to the pain that the shadow girl suddenly came into the world. Her mother died then, but the shadow girl could not sense that. All she could do was writhe and thrash about on the bed, eyes squeezed closed against the blinding light. There were voices attempting to pierce the pain. The old gods were speaking above her. One of them said, “How long should we wait before we extract the first bit of it?”
“I’m not allowed to give out guest information. You’ll appreciate the rule when all those fans start clamoring for your room number.” Dean turned to look at the fans that were being encouraged out the door.
Cas hummed and walked over to him. He too dragged his hand over the fabric that made up Dean’s sacred clothes. “You still like cowboys.” It wasn’t really a question.
“How many of these will you eat?” Cas finally looked at him. His eyes held a nervousness.
Dean nodded in response to the question. The hand remained on his shoulder, and it comforted him. It also reminded him of something. He kept trying to drive his thoughts down the path that would give him an answer on that front, but things were muddy. He focused on Old Mo, and admitted, “I feel like I’m forgetting something important.”
“Always yours.” Then Dean rolled to the side and they both drifted off to sleep near each other.
Cas came over. He stood at the edge of the bed and looked down at Dean who was smiling up at him. His eyes looked a little sleepy which made sense after the billion hours of driving they’d done. It wasn’t late enough to go to sleep though. “What do you want?”
“The position we’re in right now, I’m pretty sure I’m stuck here.” Dean tried to laugh, but Cas was too heavy on his chest.
She was so intent in her searching that she didn’t hear the noise at her back. “What are you doing back here?”
“You’re not really people,” Rowena said.
"But Chuck's been a non presence for awhile now. No war with him."
“Okay. I mean, like are you saying, friends or like
Dean woke up to Sam barging into his room, switching on the light as he did. “I got a case.” He took the chair from the desk and whipped it around to face the bed. Sam held out his tablet as he sat.
“You look good.” The hat was silly.
Dean said, “Yeah, nearly every week, except when I'm out of town.” He glanced at Cas and then added, “She's probably right about me needing a lot more of this therapy stuff. I ain't good at sharing like feelings and crap. I'm a work in progress. Not sure if that's something you wanna hitch your wagon to.”
Sam and Dean both knocked on the wooden table as if that little superstition would help one bit. “We could get some help from you all every now and then,” Dean offered.
“Yes, I’d like to read about them. Can you help me?” She let her head drop a little and looked up at him past long lashes.
“I know. Castiel knows how to play,” Dean shouted back. He was freezing. All of the people were way more bundled up than he was. The band came down to their level.
“No, I didn’t know about that, until I did.” Jack looked at him.
“That’s crazy,” Dean said. “That’s crazy.”
“Like what?” Sam twisted a little to face him and also got a full vision of Cas and Claire and the boat struggle. “Oh, god. They’re too much.”
“Fill the glass,” she said as he caught it mid slide.
“Then you know what you have the do then.” Dean's voice was cold. He'd shut down a little. He had told himself that it wouldn't last, that he'd lose this too.
“Wait,” Cas turned to Sam and continued, “You mean they're a couple? I mean, I knew about the occasional hook-up, everyone knows that.”
and Castiel’s gravely
“Sure we could,” Dean said. “Bobby could've added Canada to the tour.”
“Oh.” Now things were awkward. Dean looked like he was gearing up to leave, and suddenly Castiel didn’t want that. “I’ll just be…”
Before he could answer a low voice inserted itself into the conversation. “You guys the Winchesters?”
“Come meet my brother again,” Dean said as he opened the door, effectively ending the moment.
“What did you show him?” Dean took a step back.
They reached the end of the building. There was a small driveway that snaked around the side to the back of the motel. The asphalt was littered with old cans and wrappers. There were little patches of snow in the field adjacent. Dean watched the wide puff of cold air leave him and go sailing up into the night sky. Cas turned to him and moved in close, sending Dean’s back to the rough motel wall. Dean’s body shivered again but not entirely from the cold. Cas pressed his hands, palms flat, against the wall on either side of Dean’s head. This time, Cas kissed him. It was a rougher kiss than the first one. This kiss was full of desperation, a neediness born of time apart and desires that they never gave voice to.
She looked up at him. “I’m sorry. Of course you do. It’s just hard to believe in something that never makes itself known.” She turned her attention back to the book.
“Nah, just lucky. My brother is the real talent.” Dean looked away.
“How do you know all that?” Dean asked.
He would somehow blame himself for all of this forever. He crumbled a little more, knees buckling beneath him. He held on though. Cas was nestled in the crook of his arm, face pressed to Dean’s chest. Dean pulled his arm from beneath Cas’ legs and ran a gentle hand up over Cas’ cheek into his hair. “You dumb bastard,” Dean said. The words were choked out. It would be easier to just be angry. He leaned down to him, lips brushing ever so slightly over the angel’s forehead.
By way of an answer, Cas just waved to the other corner where Dean had set up a kind of changing station. Dean went to it and started the changing process. He’d picked out a nice navy blue suit. It had been a little snug the first time he’d worn it. He was pretty sure it’d fit now. “I’ve crossed many thresholds to come back here.”
“Cas let me have his couch. I really didn't want to have to listen to you two going at it like monkeys last night.”
Castiel sat on the bed, grinning ear to ear as Dean played. When Dean finished, Castiel said, “I love that song. I remember the first time I heard it, in a bar, by the way. Uriel threatened to knock me on my ass if I didn't stop singing it.”
“I don’t know.” Jack smiled like he was picking up on Dean’s hope. “I can try.” He closed his eyes. Nothing seemed to happen. Jack’s eyes glowed golden and the room shook a little. Beyond that though, there was no evidence of change. Jack faded back to normal.
Rowena continued until the final words of the exorcism sent the demon smoke from the body. The body fell to the ground in a heap. She came down to her knees at his side and held her palm over his lips. No breath ghosted from the man’s form. She heaved forth a sigh. “Ah, sorry, dearie. Thought I’d save you at least.”
“You know Jo Harvelle?” Dean asked.
Dean was in the garage for some minutes before Cas joined him. Samuel was now sleeping comfortably in his Baby Bjorn, having apparently kicked Cas enough for one day. “Betrayal,” Dean said as he pointed a finger at Cas.
Dean started playing through the chorus, just getting a feel for the new guitar. His whole demeanor seemed to lighten up as he played. Dean was talented. There was no doubting that. Castiel had been an admirer even long before they’d met in person.
“Add two of them, then test it.” Cas did what Dean said. Dean smiled and asked, “Does it taste like it needs more?”
“Well, I am…” Sam started folding and unfolding his hands together. “I'm seeing someone.”
“I think so. I think that you are a conduit back to his body.” Rowena looked back at the door. There was the sound of people passing by out in the hall. “Max has some experience in raising the dead. It’s different, but it’s also the same idea. I’ve been dead a few times myself. I think we can fix his vessel together, but I also think that an archangel would have the power necessary to really fix things. You said that Lucifer once raised a hunter up, right?”
“Like I said, we need to take two cars.” Cas pointed over to the other side of the garage to an ugly old Buick. Dean actually groaned and walked over to it. He peered in the back window.
The ceiling turned black with the presence. Gabriel and Kali smiled. "You've brought me a formidable opponent."
Dean dragged his fingers up Castiel's arms to the space just below his shoulders. He gripped Castiel's arms there. He was still just as firm and muscular as Dean remembered. “Do you remember the last time we were in this kitchen?”
Currently, they were both drinking from their bottles. It was a rare moment of synchronicity, and Dean was enjoying it. Cas was leaned back against the desk, bottle tipped up into Samuel’s mouth, while Dean sat on the bed doing the same for Ellie. Castiel was humming something softly to Samuel, a song that Dean didn’t know.
He ran from that. He stared hard at the fields that just went on forever, and he thought that maybe they did. Maybe he was driving on a road that just kept looping around on itself, like some sort of a treadmill. There was a distant red barn, the kind you’d see in paintings of the old country. It looked too perfect. He heard the words again, a distant echo down the long hallway of his mind.
It had been months since the Grammys. Months since everything went to hell, and here he was still wallowing in what he decided was self-pity. He held the band at the studio for ten hours. They grumbled through it, but did what he wanted, so victory. When he got home he turned on the TV, hoping it'd be a Dean-free night.
It was a constant nagging thing in his head. What was possible, and what was unreasonable. He rinsed off, got out of the shower, and got changed into the sweatpants and t-shirt that he snagged out of his bag. When he emerged from the bathroom, he was greeted by a vision of Sam and Cas sitting together on one of the beds, their backs pressed to the headboard. They were sharing a laptop, reading the same page. Cas mumbled something as he looked up from the laptop.
Dean focused on the gentle sleep sounds that Sam was making. He focused on it in the hopes of finally convincing himself to sleep. Under all of that focus though, his mind picked up on the sounds of Cas’ breathing. There was no peace in his breaths, that Dean could sometimes feel ghosting over his back. Cas said he’d give him space in the bed when Sam won the right to sleep on his own.
"Dean," Jack said as he walked slowly into the room.
Their driver announced their arrival. Michael was already stumbling off the bus. Dean said he'd get Sam and Ruby.
“Not at all Mr. Winchester.”
Castiel's brows came together. “Do you always self-deprecate?”
They had thought at the time that they were close to done with the first album, but once they got together, things became decidedly less productive. It took them six more months to get it all together, but Crowley and Bobby seemed to be okay with the whole thing, too okay. They actually seemed downright happy.
“A full year. We should have New Year’s more often.” Castiel ended with a short little laugh. They took seats and she asked him about his year, his newest album, the band, the usual media fodder. She dipped into his dating life, and she was kind enough not to gender his potential partners. He respected her more for that. He was quick to tell her that he was still sadly single.
Dean smiled a little. “Means, I’m your man.”
“Yeah, I’m sure he did. You saw how he was. Then he carried her right to his room. Barely spoke after.” Dean stared straight up at the ceiling as he laid on his bed. Cas was laying next to him, staring at the ceiling too. They were both still dressed minus shoes. The babies had been asleep for nearly an hour. The bunker was quiet. The evening had certainly taken a turn.
“What do you mean?”
Dean shot glances at him every now and then. Cas just stared straight ahead past a squint. The sun was high in the sky now, and the road was wavy with the afternoon heat. There was something almost pleasant about it all. Then Cas reached for the stereo and turned down the volume to almost silent. A little Seger still hummed through the speakers. “Did you know that Sam reserved us a room for tonight?”
“He could come around. Maybe he just needed to meet someone worth coming out for.”
“Maybe he doesn’t hate you.”
Cas turned to him a moment and added, “She just used too much of her energy to heal Rowena. She’s young.”
“Breakfast. You haven’t eaten yet.” Cas pointed across the street toward a diner. “That one should do.”
“Back pocket.” Castiel's hands roamed to Dean's lower back then down to his ass. One hand dipped into a pocket to retrieve the phone. The other just held onto the other side.
Cas licked his lips. He swayed a little. Dean squeezed his hands, anchoring him to this place, to this moment. “Is it working?” Dean whispered.
Cas spun. Samuel giggled again. “You like that?” Cas tipped his chin down closer to Samuel.
Dean followed him to the living room. They kicked off shoes as they went, shed jackets to the floor, and began the unbuttoning process that seemed like it’d take forever. It wasn’t even your typical brand of sexy undressing. It was just so much clothing. “15 fucking degrees. Next year, let’s work in Palm Springs.”
“Oh,” Cas took it and slipped it on his head. Dean reached out and adjusted it a little.
“Bobby Singer.” The voice on the other end of the camera. Castiel knew about the odd rivalry between the two producers. They weren’t always at each other’s throats though. There were pictures enough to prove that.
Dean wanted to protest. It didn’t make sense for them to separate. After all, it was Cas that was going to be sensing things. “Fine,” Dean said instead.
“Well, cowboys are cool. Shut up and watch the movie.” Dean’s words held no real feeling. Time passed and his fingers started moving in little circles on Cas’ shoulder again. Occasionally, he’d whisper little pieces of commentary to Cas. Occasionally, Cas would ask a random question, and if he was lucky Dean would laugh a little.
Castiel set aside the phone and got in the shower. He wondered, not for the first time, if this time could be different. Before he left, Dean had kissed him. He whispered in Castiel's ear that he'd be back later, and he'd called him Angel with all the affection of someone who really felt something.
Dean was in front of Cas’ door now. Dean shook out his limbs, pasted on a confident face, and gave the door a knock. The seconds were long.
“Oh, guess I can't ask you to lunch today then.”
Cas sighed. “I know.” He then reached for the stereo and cranked it up nice and loud. “Travelin’ Man” filled the car with a bit too much meaning. They drove on like that until they reached the exit.
Rowena tended to her flocks and then roamed the woods. She checked her borders to see that they weren’t disturbed. She ended her patrol at the banishing sigil. She took a seat on a smooth stone near the base of the tree and ran her fingers over the bark. She considered activating the sigil, banishing any would-be angel that might be in the woods. It would prevent others from troubling her.
And they held onto each other for a long time like that. Dean thought of the other people in his life, the ones they called family despite the lack of a blood tie. Even they didn't hug like this. Dean knew this was different, knew this wasn't mere friendship, but he didn't care. He was gonna take this thing Cas was offering him, because the alternative was nothing at all.
“Fine. Cas and I’ll go.” Dean pulled on a coat and marched to the motel door. He turned back to Cas who was sitting on the edge of the bed still. “Well, you gonna ditch me too?”
Cas looked proud, and Dean liked the turnaround so much that he was determined to encourage it at all costs. “So show me how we do this.”
“What's up with you?” Dean stalked back to the counter and drank down the last of the whiskey. “You basically said you didn't want this” Dean waggled his fingers between them. “Now you're here, drinking my whiskey and telling me that I signed a damn contract like I wasn't totally there for that shitshow.”
“This one’s bigger.”
They'd been staring at each other for a few moments. Then Cas drew closer to him and pulled Dean into a hug. For a split second, Dean thought that he was going in for a kiss. He was ready for it, right there under the pale blue sky. But then it was a hug, a good hug that became a great hug. Cas’ arms were strong and tightly wrapped around him. Cas’ fingers dug into the backs of Dean's shoulders a little too. Dean let his face press into the crook of Cas’ neck.
Cas dropped the shirt he was folding into the bag in a heap. Dean looked down at the bag. It was a mess. It was half full of unfolded clothes.
“But?”
Cas got up and moved to his side. “It’s a viable option.” Castiel’s arm was right up against Dean’s. “Come sit back down.” Cas took his hand and pulled him back to the rock to sit again. Dean didn’t want to sit, but he did. He felt the energy in his body rocketing around him. “I could stay with you.”
Dean laughed. “No. Scoot back or you won’t be able to see anything.” Cas moved onto the bed more and had his back pressed to the headboard. Their legs lined up. Things were warm and nice this close. Dean cleared his throat. “So, this is the western that I told you about.” He was smiling  a bit at the screen.
“Thanks for the save,” Cas said.
Sam's brows came together. “What do you mean? I'm not going anywhere. Pinkie swear.” He held out his pinkie finger to her, and she hooked her own with it.
“So, this morning could have gone better,” Cas said around a bite of toast.
“I can't hide who I am.” He stared at Dean as if waiting for him to challenge the idea “I can't pretend to be straight.”
“So, yes?” Cas tried not to feel too much hope, but it was there.
“Forgiven?” Gabriel winked. Wrong move. She hit him again. “A little?” Her eyes flamed.
“Didn’t know you needed that.” Claire circled around to face her. “You’re worried?”
“Would it be bad for me to ask the questions I didn't ask last night?” Castiel felt Dean's hand tighten around his just a little.
Dean’s face had occupied a lion’s share of his imagination over the past months. Seeing him here, roused all the old fantasies again, as if they’d ever faded. He shook off the thoughts. He had to get his head in the game. Three interviews and then prep. After that, he’d be performing, losing himself in the songs that would roll over the near-frozen bodies crammed into Times Square.
Joan was talking to Dean now. He wasn't paying attention to her words at first. "He's having a bit of an existential crisis. He's in love with you, and this is..."
He hadn't come out. He hadn't “felt it necessary” he'd said in his sessions. Missouri did not agree, but she also didn't push. Dean felt that what mattered was the way that he was finally ready. If and when the issues were to arise organically, he thought that he'd be fine. And to him, that was really something.
Meg folded her arms in front of her chest. “Got a friend to check into it. Charlie's good. You don't question her work. She said if he's recorded anything, she'd have been able to retrieve it.”
“I just wanted to make money, but manipulating you fools was entertaining.” Crowley came over and clapped Dean on the back and said, “You're welcome, and congratulations.”
“We do,” Gabriel answered. “Here.” Gabriel dragged a new file to the screen, a still of the phenomenon as it engulfed the Impala. It was very clearly a planet, bright and shining with the light of a sun.
She took his hand and began massaging his palm. It was something she did for him in times of stress. The first time was in high school. It was senior year and neither of them knew what to do next. College acceptances were rolling in, but they couldn't commit when they didn't know what it was all heading toward. Castiel assumed that he was going to land in business, some sort of tax lawyer maybe.
There was this concert tour to get through first though. Maybe when they wrapped that up, he'd sit Dean down and talk to him about the direction of things. Maybe then he could just come out and tell him everything he was feeling.
"What’s the plan?" Castiel asked.
“Then we’re going to go with something simple.” Castiel opened his nightstand and pulled out a condom. He tore it open and dropped to his knees. “No glove, no love.” He rolled it onto Dean, and then he swiftly took Dean into his mouth. All of Dean just gave up then. The muscles that had been champions before, couldn’t hold him up. His body fell back onto the bed. Castiel popped off of him. “You okay?”
Dean felt his hands start sweating again. It wasn’t hot in the room. His heart was slamming into his ribs. This was not what relaxation felt like. He kept his eyes closed though. Cas spoke again, still close to Dean’s ear. “You wanted to ask me a question earlier.”
“Yeah.” Dean looked down at his lap and smiled. “He loved sweet potatoes and carrots though. I worried that I wasn’t giving him enough nutrition. Dad seemed to be unconcerned. I ended up stealing some things, mostly baby food. Some places we’d stop at would have food kitchens that would give out baby items. I’d stock up as much as they’d let me. Couldn’t do too much, because they’d send out the law to see if we were in a bad situation. We were, but…”
He was assuming that with good reason. “There’s another star there that hasn’t been discovered yet.”
“It’s not that. I’ve just had a long day. Figured I’d stretch my legs a little.” Dean smiled in that charming way of his, and Joan let her hand fall from his shoulder.
High school for them had been a carefully orchestrated thing. The three of them were all in the same sort of academic path. AP classes, as many as they could squeeze in, four years of math instead of the recommended minimum. Anna was certified bilingual, and Uriel earned his AA at the same time as he had earned his high school diploma.
“You did.” Cas looked at the ring on his hand. “Thought we were looking forward to some down time.”
Castiel interrupted the moment. “Pretty sure Uriel won't be loaning out his Gibson Girl.”
“If you say so.” She got up and sauntered over to a different seat. “Can’t wait for Vegas. They’re gonna put us up in one of those penthouse suites. I’m gonna drink so much champagne.”
“Clearly, no.” Cas moved into the bathroom and looked. The space was huge for a bathroom. The tub was one of those massive garden tubs with jets. “Impressive.”
Lisa was talking about the night they meet, then they were telling about the proposal. Cas felt the drink hitting his stomach. He spoke to the TV, to Dean. “Guess you gotta really care about someone to go on national TV to talk about your engagement. Asshole.”
Donna at least tried to help. She’s the only family I have now. The rest were all dead to me. Okay, maybe that was a bit much. Anyway, at least she tried. I’d almost include Jody in the list of family that was not on my shit list, but she pulled that whole deal with Cas in the kitchen. Yeah, he maybe couldn’t tell, but I sure could. She kept doing the eyebrow raise and sideways glance thing that basically screamed, heyyyyy, look at that hot piece of ass that everyone wants you to hook up with.
He sighed, knowing he wasn't getting out of this. He glanced back into the middle section of the bus where both Luc and Uriel were sleeping. “One should never dive into the closet for a hookup.”
“It was. I guess this is where you come in. Would you be able to hook me up with Castiel’s room number?” Direct, to the point, confident, he hoped that would get him what he wanted.
“World peace,” Dean said in his most serious tone. Castiel laughed at them and walked away to finish setting up for round two of the night.
“Nice shirt.” Good one. Seriously, I’m an exceptional flirt. I never had this much trouble. Fuck words. Fuck them square in the ass.
The ones in the woods were smart enough to spread out a little. Rowena slowed them with a spell. The one still got ahold of her. She got a hand free and swung her ax in a sweeping arc. It caught the demon across his chest. He took a moment to heal the wound, during which time, Rowena breathed her spell, the same spell that held the demon in place before. The other one was already on her, angling his fangs to her neck. He managed to knock her ax to the ground. She moved her leg behind her to get leverage and managed to loosen the vampire’s hold on her.
“Rowena isn’t your run of the mill human. If Lucifer couldn’t kill her, I don’t think there’s a thing in the world that could.”
“Oh, I left my wallet upstairs though.” My hands were under the drape, and they were sweaty. I started wiping them off on my pants.
Anna said, “I think you should. If it's any of us he won't buy it. You never back out of anything. You might even be a workaholic.”
Dean got up. “I’ll go start on those burgers.”
“Maybe she will. Maybe she just doesn’t know what happened yet.”
“Too late. Claire was already entertaining Jack and the babies with some Zepp.” Sam’s voice grew distant. “Yeah, talking to Dean and Cas.” His voice came back to the phone. “You all coming back tonight or tomorrow?”
“I know. I suppose the cosmic entity sort of liked this look better than the last one.”
“Duly noted. You never woke up before though, just sayin’.”
“I’ve always needed you.” Dean kissed him back, feather light on his cheek. They stood together in the dark, clutching each other like it might be the end or like it might be the way it would be forever soon enough.
“He'd only do it for me, and if I was trying to make a go of it alone, he'd feel obligated. I've gotta have something new going for myself, something promising. This way, he doesn't worry, doesn't fall back into the life. It makes sense if you know him, know us.”
Cas glanced at him, then turned his hand. He curled his fingers into Dean’s palm, and just kept right on walking. Dean had a tiny panic. This was new. This was not what they did. He could question it, send it all packing. He could shut up. He went with plan B and let his hand quietly sweat in Cas’ hand.
Luc took to Anna and Uriel right off. They started spending a whole lot of time together, writing new music, playing out little melodies that they’d come up with on the spot. Castiel involved himself on occasion, but only when he felt like it was expected.
There was another knock at the door. This time the rest of Fallen along with Michael stood on the other side. Cas ushered them in. “We having a party in here?” Uriel asked.
It had been easy. They’d crossed a threshold just then. With a small side glance at Cas, Dean thought of how easy it might be now to cross a few more. Cas subtly looked back at him, hat too far back on his head. Despite that, he looked good, damn good. Dean licked his lips a little at the image of him right there in touching distance. He really liked this cowboy stuff, especially now, especially everything in this car specifically. This right here was a win, a damn good, more than satisfactory win of a situation.
“Maybe we have a shot then at making this,” he waved his hand between them before saying, “work.”
Cas just hummed a little response and picked up a weight like it was a feather. Dean watched him. “I see.”
“It was stunning. Play it.” Castiel got up and handed him the guitar again.
“I’ve some concerns that it will not be enough to keep you lot at bay. I’m tired of your visits,” Rowena purred as she circled him.
“I just thought you might need some down time too.” Cas pulled a leg up under himself a little as he turned to Dean.
“I'm glad you got him into rehab. How's he doing?”
She looked scared, but he pressed some comfort out to her via his grace and she settled back into calmness. "Wow." It was an understatement. "How?" Then a moment later, "Am I going to hell?"
“I suppose an exorcism will be next,” the demon said.
Cas put a hand in front of Dean to stop him. “Something’s wrong.”
“I’m getting up.” Dean handed back the tablet, hardly caring about what it had to say. Case or not, Cas was here. He pulled on his sweats and lifted one arm then the other to see if he smelled bad. He pulled off the t-shirt he was wearing and replaced it.
They rode the rest of the way back in silence. Once they were back to the Impala, they settled in for the night. It was the start of something, but it was also an end. Dean climbed the ladder to his old room. Somehow, he managed to keep Cas from complaining about the added strain Dean was putting on himself while he was healing.
“Ellen gave him 2% of Jo's Badass Band's cut. Said he made them what they were. It was enough to get Bobby started. He got a few up and comers. Guess being around all those musicians inspired us. Sam and I learned guitar from random guys stopping in to record. Kravitz gave us some time. He was great, real nice fella. There were others, lots of people kind enough to take some idiots under their wings.”
Dean sighed and dropped into one of the pool chairs. “I'm often wrong. This time was no exception.”
Dean was still standing there. His head dipped down to his chest. “I don’t want that,” Dean whispered again. It was a quiet confession.
“Thanks.” Dean waited until he was sure she was gone, and then, despite the red light telling him to stop, he opened the door.
He looked down at the paper. “So, I’ll be conscious of my actions? I’ll be in control?”
“Not an answer.” Bobby waited.
“Remind me why we’re doing this.” Dean glanced over at him. The day was speeding on into evening, and the shadows were stretching their fingers out from the trees and into the highway.
He had his leg pressed into my thigh. It was like he was almost straddling me a little. If this room wasn’t gifted with a giant, full window facing out to the street, I might have acted on an impulse. It was good that I didn’t, as he was running a razor over my face. Bleeding wasn’t exactly a turn on for me or him either I reckoned. He finished the shave and scrutinized my features. He leaned in closer. His damn leg pressed in against me.
“I was just checking on you,” Sam said as he backed away.
Bobby had a key, but he likely wanted to be let in, given the situation. Dean was ready to let him have it. He yanked the door open.
“Nah man. I wanna sleep like the dead for three years. How are you not beat?”
“Haven’t we seen that like a hundred times?” Sam’s voice was one of complete and utter disinterest.
“Yeah, that’s Kurt Russel.” Dean adjusted his pillows behind him again. “Can’t get comfortable.”
Bobby was still laughing as he said, “They actually thought we didn't know.”
“Hey buddy,” he started. Dean reached out and settled a hand on Cas’ arm. His thumb moved in a gentle sweep back and forth. “It’d be nice if you woke up. Doc said, you’d be fine. I just would feel a heck of a lot better if I heard it from you personally.” Dean could hear a quiet cheer roll up from the crowd that was likely all joyous outside.
“Only a small amount. I think that’s a sign that he trusts us.” Cas wiggled his finger in Samuel’s grip.
“You’d be fine. Most of your life you did just fine without me hovering over your shoulder.” Cas’ face was painted with a sad little smile.
“Doesn’t say,” Dean said as he handed the letter to Sam. He reached into the bassinet and lifted the baby free from the space. She was light and quite confined in her little burrito blanket. “Who brought you here little Ellie?” Dean whispered into the side of her head as he took an unconscious breath of baby scent in.
He thrust the bag at Dean. “I maybe picked this out for you.” Dean took the bag and reached in. “It’s a cowboy tie.”
Dean woke up to an empty bed and the smell of motel coffee brewing into a tiny carafe. “You trying to wake me up, Cas?”
“Well, I lack that skill. Too bad I don’t have someone to invite, that knows how to make a good pie.” I winked. I fucking did it. I flirted. Yay, team me. I am a flirting god. Kiss my fucking ass mortals.
“Go away,” Cas said.
Cas smiled. “We’ll find time to talk more.” He leaned back to Dean’s ear and added, “I look forward to hearing more of your thoughts.”
“I see you are alive, but the news seemed credible. There was to be a funeral.” He moved closer to her, as if to gauge how real she was via closer scrutiny.
“So what's this?” Dean meant to ask about the  purpose of the packs.
There was a moment before the end when Cas pulled Dean up to his lips by his neck. He kissed him deeply. Dean came then, gasping and holding onto Cas’ arms. He let Dean slip free of his mouth so he could look at him up close as his own moment arrived. He could count the freckles on him.
“Penny for your thoughts,” Bela settled into the seat next to him, her light brown hair pulled up into a neat ponytail.
Bobby pressed the notebook to Castiel's chest with some force. “He needs to hear it from you. So suck it up, and go make this right.” Bobby looked up at the clock on the wall. “Get there soon. He'll be drinking, and you need to fix this before he gets drunk.”
Dean added, "Dick move."
“Yeah, well, we ain’t been giving you any sort of show.”
“No they don’t.” That was enough to annoy her. She spoke the exorcism quickly to end this conversation and marched back to her home. She added warding to her walls. She took care of the bodies. She saved the blue dress that the demon woman had worn.
“Just your happiness.” Cas glanced at him quickly then away. He reached out his hand while not really looking at him and settled his palm over Dean’s heart. Dean was sure his heart was just shy of bursting from his chest right into Cas’ hand. Cas curled his fingers just a little like he was holding Dean there. He finally looked back at Dean. Their eyes were locked on each other, and Dean leaned toward him.
“Yes. He and Claire are getting everything over to the beach.” Dean started packaging up some of the larger containers, moving them into the big cooler that they brought. “I didn’t realize what I was signing up for with this park trip. You all have been planning quite a lot.”
Dean smiled and dipped his head a little. He lifted his glass and took a drink. “So, you staying around for a bit?”
“I don’t mind you poking around. In fact, it might make a lot of things easier.” They were quite close. Dean set his hand over Cas’ and curled his own fingers under Cas’ palm. He felt nervous all of a sudden. He glanced down at his outfit. “So, does this suit look okay?”
“So, no on Brady. Fine” Crowley found a rolling chair and dragged it over to Castiel’s side. “Next.”
“He says the babies are fine and happy.” Cas was grinning and Dean thought that was damn rude.
“No, I’m looking for distraction, and the case seems like it will do just that.”
As dawn crept up over the horizon, Cas saw Dean making his way across the parking lot to the car. Cas was still stretched out in the back seat. Dean got in. "You staying back there?"
The night air that greeted him was crisp with a threat of winter snow in every breath of it. Dean shivered against it as Cas closed the door behind them and began walking off toward the far end of the building. Dean fell into step at his side. “So, your plan is to freeze me to death?” Dean laughed past another shiver that rattled his voice.
“Yes.”
“So say we all!” Dean snagged the bottle from Sam and tipped back a gulp. It burned all the way down. “What the hell are you two drinking? My God!”
She looked like she was going to cry. “Are you my dad?”
“Well, maybe it would be. You should just think about it. A kid should have a dog,” Sam said.
“Yeah, well I'm gonna have to do damage control.” Bobby got up and headed for the door. “So, does this mean you don't want to work with him?”
“What tired of me already?” Dean laughed, and that perked Cas up a little.
“Oh, stop,” Sam said. Then he turned his attention to Cas. “Cas.” It was almost a question. “It's been years.” He reached out his hand, and Cas shook it.
“Seems like a match made in heaven.” Castiel gave his shoulder a final squeeze, then unplugged the guitar from the amp. “You better get moving. Jo's gonna be done soon.”
“I have eyes.”
“The quarantine? That sounds like a good distraction to you? Sounds like a lot of germs and grossness to me.” Dean pushed his hands into the pockets in his sweatpants and rocked back on his heels.
“Nope. Well, mad that we'd been holding out on him. He had no clue we could do the musician thing. We had to show him all of the songs we'd been working on, stuff we were just goofing off with.”
Sam's gaze dropped to their hands. “What do you mean?” Sam asked. He was grinning though, and Cas thought that maybe Sam knew exactly what it meant.
Silence took over for a bit, and they focused on their meals. Cas waved at the waiter for more beer. Dean was feeling the warm curl of it all flowing through him. He was also feeling a different warmth. He'd shared a lot. It was strange. He'd never been on a date like this before,
It was hard to get any research done with all of the baby duty that needed to be done. When Ellie was done feeding, it seemed to be time for Samuel to do the same. Then there were diapers to be changed and holding that needed to happen.
They started walking back together, arms brushing with each step. They got to Dean's room and he struggled with his key card again, though this time might have been due to his nerves. Castiel took the card just like Sam had and made it work. “You wanna come in?”
“What the hell?” E’brem said, hand still outstretched toward Dean and the babies.
“It’s midnight, Cas.” He was still getting up to put on his shoes even as he said it.
“You did not fail me,” and when Dean said those words, they were his truth, delivered with the same intensity of Cas’ declaration. “You’ve never failed me.”
“Tummy time.” Dean laughed, and Cas explained, “It’s something that the baby websites encourage. It supposedly will help them build up their core and enable them to roll over and crawl.”
The buzzer for his gate shocked him out of his reminiscence. No one ever came to his home. He walked to the security monitor and looked at the large black car humming away at the gate. Castiel pushed the intercom. “Dean?”
“I know that. I just...” Dean turned away from him to head back to the car. Cas started to reach out for him, but Dean was already moving. Cas curled his hand into a fist and let it drop at his side. Cas murmured to himself, “I love you, Dean.”
Cas scrubbed his fist over his eyes, wiping the sleep away. “It's 10:30, Dean. You only left an hour ago.”
“Feel free to steal some sweatpants and a shirt when you come in,” Cas said as he left Dean behind. Distance was needed to conceal the effects of seeing Dean like that.
“You said every song was about me. That means ‘Crushed’ was about me.” Dean let his tone go a little more serious. “You hated the person you were singing about in that song.”
“They’re babies, Dean, babies. And don’t act like you aren’t already hopelessly attached to them.” Cas reached out and set his arm across the back of the seat of the Impala. He gave Dean’s shoulder a squeeze. “I’m not saying that there are no worrisome mysteries to solve here, but I am saying that there is no danger to us or your brother and Jack. I’d see it in them.”
“Aren't we?”
Still, she invited him in. “Fine, come in.” She waved a hand at the table for him to join her. Usually, he’d expect food and maybe a little drink. Then she could send him off.
Anna looked at him like she was trying to see beneath his surface. “So now he thinks you're friends with benefits. Not exactly the boundaries we discussed.”
“Back off, mom. I’m fine. In fact, you and Cas maybe need to ease up a little.” Dean took a seat at the small table that they used for all of their meals. Sam started scooping eggs onto a plate and then added some bacon. “This is heaven.” Dean picked up a strip of bacon.
“You don't have to like me to fulfill your contact. Hell, we could hate each other and make a real rager album. I don't care.” Castiel walked to the door and opened it. “See you tomorrow. Don't be late.” He closed the door behind him and was gone. Dean wasn’t sure what to make of that, but he did know that he was going to try. It didn’t matter if Castiel hated him. He was going to do this.
“She’s not,” Jody said. “It’ll be good for her. You worried that two hunters and a nephilim can’t handle some babies?”
They drove on in silence for awhile, each in their own thoughts. Before they reached Malibu, Dean broke the silence.
Dean snapped his attention back to Cas. The voice, it was almost more than just in his head. It was downright audible. “Cas?” He didn’t know what to really say. How do you ask if that voice in your head is real? How do you ask that question when the words you hear over and over again are
Castiel made short work of the shower and got dressed. Tight jeans and a grey tee seemed like a good choice. As he walked down the stairs he heard the door opening.
“Dean.” It was still all he could say, but he said it with so much reverence. The tone was as close to an
“How’re you doing?” His eyes were doing the little squinty thing. I could see it even at this distance. A tiny breeze swept past him, puffing up his bright blue shirt. It almost made the little waves on it look like they were rolling.
“Yeah, I guess I was just hoping to get more information. You see Winchester and Fallen kinda bonded after that gig in California, and I’d like to pop in on them.”
“Uh, knock on wood, Cas. That sounds like famous last words right there. We still don’t know what made them show up or who their parents are. They could be part of some grand plot.”
“I’m good to go for at least another week at this pace. Not sure why Sam’s being such a wuss.”
Cas continued, “You didn’t know where you were though, and you couldn’t know what I needed in order to find you.”
The video stopped and Cas asked, “What happened to the Impala? You said it disappeared.”
Cas seemed to see his thoughts and said, “They’d learn how to deal with the unknown. They’ll never learn if we don’t let them try.”
“Call tomorrow afternoon, like a reasonable person.” With that she hung up.
“Gee, thanks Cas,” Dean said.
Cas said, “If you like the cowboy look so much, why don’t you ever wear cowboy hats or boots?”
Cas’ lip curled up in a way that seemed to mock him a little.
“I know we write our own endings.” There was desperation in the tone that made Dean look away.
“I didn’t think you were, at least not entirely.” Dean lifted his mug to his lips and took a tentative sip.
Cas just smiled. “So we’re staying.”
Cas got up. “Here, let’s go fill them up with the car.” He turned to Sam. “We were all quietly amused by her efforts you know.”
Dean tried not to let it get a foothold in him, but the feelings were there just like they always were, just like they always would be.
Then it’s Winchester.”
“Bucky was his best friend from a long time ago. Cap thought he was dead, but he wasn’t. He was part of an experiment that made him into the Winter Soldier. There all caught up.”
By the time evening was descending upon them, Cas had covered the whole cemetery, even Dean’s half. Dean came to his side and walked with him back to the car. He walked close, letting his knuckles graze along the back of Cas’ hand.
Dean reached out when the song was done and cupped the side of Cas’ face. It was an intimate moment. They grinned at each other, but Dean could see the confusion in Cas’ eyes. They were always so careful in public, and this was very public. Dean nodded and dropped his hand. The crowd was eating it all up with a spoon.
Castiel spun Dean around and directed him toward the door. “You have to go. Too tempting. Plus I have an interview in 15 minutes in another room.” With some degree of skill, Castiel got Dean pressed to the wall next to the door. He held Dean there with his body. He nuzzled at Dean's shoulder and the side of his neck. Dean took the opportunity to grab Cas’ ass with both hands, pulling him closer. “Find me tonight,” Castiel breathed the words into Dean's skin, then somehow Dean found himself out in the hall. Castiel just smiled at him as he closed the door between them.
Her brows came together as she processed his words. “Is that a fancy way of asking me for sex?”
“Not sure what the goal is here.” Cas ducked and Dean’s swing missed. Dean was a little off balance for a moment. “I could knock you out easily.”
“How do we know this is the location?” Dean asked.
last year when they sent a guy to my gate. He was climbing all over my fences to take pictures of my yard.
“You sound like you're feeling for him.” She stretched his hand and wrist. It felt nice. He carried discomfort there after a long tour, and this was a long tour. “Maybe you can just be his friend. Sounds like he needs that more than anything if he feels like he can't be himself. Guy's what, thirty?”
“Hey Sam, wanna watch Tombstone?” Cas listened to Dean as he waited just two feet behind him.
Cas said, “Oh Sam, that's great!”
“You know the answer to that.” Cas was so close that Dean could feel his lips move as the words took form. The breath of the words ghosted over his ear. He let his thumb stroke back and forth over the edge of Cas’ hand.
“I…” he started. Then he just pulled Dean into a hug. “I’m sorry I died.”
Dean started moving backwards toward the bunker. The being spoke. “Don’t leave. I am not here to harm either of you.”
When he ended abruptly, Dean started clapping. “That fucking rocked.”
“Oh, he hates contract stuff. He said you could go to the studio when you're done here.”
Kali took two short strides to Gabriel and slapped him hard across the face. She snapped her fingers and the blood and mess of the battle all went away. “Stupid creature.” Then she kissed Gabriel hard and mercilessly. She released him, and said, “I expect better communication where our children are concerned, you idiot, you fool.”
Dean got up and followed him out to the Impala. “Cas,” Dean started.
“It’s love,” Cas whispered near Dean’s ear. “It’s meeting someone where they are, and finding happiness in moments.”
But it was unclear who his brain was mad at, Cas, himself, or maybe his father. He couldn't decide, so he pushed it down.
“Cas, gonna watch a movie,” Dean hollered over his shoulder as he headed down the hall to his room. Cas got up and followed him.
“I think I understand. Don’t worry.” Claire leaned in and kissed her softly. “I’ve got you.”
Crowley walked them through the contract, every boring bit of it. Dean's eyes were glazing before the end of the first page. Bobby was sharp though, changing things here and there as they went on, until it was perfect. “Looks acceptable now?” Crowley asked.
Cas laughed a little and then added, “My interests lie elsewhere.”
“Not sure. I think it means we make it up as we go.” Dean pulled into a long driveway. Eventually there was a gate. He had to get cleared for entry before it opened. There was a nice Victorian house at the end of the drive, large with a wrap around porch, unusual for the Malibu region.
“You just have a lot going on in your head right now. But yeah, you did a little.” Cas laughed and added, “I was like that in the beginning too. If it weren't for Anna and Uriel, I don't know who I'd be right now.”
“No.” But Cas didn’t elaborate, and Dean didn’t ask him to.
“Wasn’t sure what you wanted. Sometimes you are difficult to read.”
Dean wanted to ask Cas what was keeping him up, but he knew the answer. He didn’t need the words to confirm it. He could provide comfort even without words. He looked at him, at the way the blue light coming into the room seemed to highlight his features in a softer way.
Sam was wandering back to the car. Dean remembered that he had decided to get a drink. The field was pretty. It was not entirely flat. It had the sort of rolling hills in it that would make a kid think of just tumbling over one then the next. Cas moved to the other Dean’s side. He stood close, shoulder to shoulder. His fingers brushed the back of Dean’s hand.
“I’ll point him out.” Dean pushed play.
“Have regrets,” Cas supplied.
“Our father was paying tribute to the gods of old,” they both replied in sync again. It was off putting.
Rowena walked to town with her basket swinging at her side. She noted the glances she got. They were nothing new. She wondered if rumors of her demise had been spread. She had avoided town for some days, maybe weeks. She’d lost track of time a little. She stepped into the church and made her way to the back room that she’d visited before.
Harriet Beecher Stowe,
“Always.” Castiel gave the soup a stir. Dean silently considered. Castiel continued, “I wasn't wrong. I just know I could have handled things so much better. I know now that I maybe could have been a little more understanding.”
Her brows came together. She looked at him past a squint. It was cute. Dean found himself smiling. “Why would you need to audition for what you're already doing?”
“Fuck you, Cas.” Dean squirmed a little in his grasp. “Let me go.” Cas didn’t let him go. Instead he moved Dean’s arms so that he could hold both with one hand. He dragged the other hand down Dean’s arm to his chest. He was leaning over Dean a fair bit. Dean’s breathing was coming in shaky gasps. It reminded Cas of that night.
“You saying I can’t call Samuel and Ellie family until they help us end an apocalypse or two?” Dean smiled as he asked it.
“Maybe this time it does last. Maybe this time the universe will finally feel satisfied.”
“I wouldn't go that far, but they are sharing a room at the hotel we're all staying in. I'd avoid dropping in unannounced.” Sam tossed himself in a seat. Dean sat on the couch. There was a bowl of some candy. He pulled one out and ate it. Cas was still hovering at the door, likely processing the new information. Sam gave Dean a look that asked a question. Then he shot a quick glance at Cas.
Dean let out a nervous little chuckle. “Well, thanks buddy.”
She had to cast a quick spell to shoot him back from her. He crashed into the wall. His large body did its fair share of damage. “Now, why do you need to be damaging my home? I did nothing to you.” She stepped toward him as he sat pinned against the wall.
“No problem.” Uriel went onto the bus, leaving the door open. Dean could hear the added voices of two others.
“In that you’re quite wrong. He is definitely here.” He smiled and turned from her. As he stepped toward the woods. He called back over his shoulder, “Thank you Rowena MacLeod, witch of the Angels.”
Dean pushed the door closed behind him and just stood there in the doorway. Castiel chose to break the silence. “Guess no one respects the red recording light anymore.”
Dean pressed his forehead to Cas’. Dean stroked him now, just once, running his thumb over the tip of him. He watched him up close to make sure he was okay with this, that he’d be able to handle this in silence. Sam after all was still there at his back.
“Got something you want to watch?”
He showed Dean room after room, some barely furnished, some ornately decorated. Cas’ art was as eclectic as he was. The large Pollock that hung in one room begged for more attention, but Cas was already moving Dean on to another room.
After a too long pause, Cas broke in with, “Are you trying to tell me you're not gay?”
He gave Cas’ arm a little squeeze. “It’s nice knowing that you won’t up and leave on some bloody mission. I’ll give you that, but I miss the talking part. Wish you’d wake up.” Dean had thought about it before. He’d been almost singularly focused on just how much he wanted to find a way to keep Cas close.
Cas turned just a little in the embrace. He took Dean’s face in his hands and stared. It was comfortable. It was like the million times they’d done this before, but this time there was purpose, a silent communication that they were having, and they were both on the same page. “I need to know that it’s me that you want.”
He started to push up, but let himself look one last time. Cas was peaceful.
“Yeah, it's all out and there's no guitar.” The guy was wearing a headset and holding a clipboard. “They pulled out the white electric for Sam, the red and grey bass for Ruby, and the drums and keyboards. We've even gotten all the rest out, mics and lights. His guitar isn't in there.”
“Whiskey.” Castiel's voice already had that rough quality of a whiskey drinker.
“This place is great. We should put a forge in the bunker. We could make our own swords, and maybe even incorporate some etchings that strengthen the weapons. There’s potential here, Cas.” Dean was babbling as he devoured his burger.”
Cas figured they’d try another bar that night, or maybe they wouldn’t. It was hard to tell what Dean was thinking. He'd done his own research though, not that it'd matter if Dean had his own plans. After a huge breakfast that included every kind of meat, some pancakes, and a skillet full of eggs, Dean declared himself full. Cas made a point of not commenting on the name of the feast, the “Lumberjack Special.”
“Of course.” Dean stepped to Cas’ side. Cas clapped him on the shoulder and directed him through the door.
“Cas,” he started, but Cas interrupted him.
"At the risk of sounding selfish, don't take them away." Cas held his breath a moment before continuing. "They've not had the easiest of lives."
“Yeah, but you said it was because you thought he'd decline.”
Dean shook his head. “Uh, no. It’s crazy how much they pay for this, plus the travel expenses. Do you know how much is left in my honor bar right now?”
“‘Mm okay,” Dean had muttered. He remembered how he had been too focused on Cas’ hand, on the fingers that seemed to brush tenderness into the back of his hand.
“Better?” It was kind of a question, kind of a statement of fact.
Cas glanced up at him and then went back to the computer. “Research. I imagine that I’ll be able to narrow down the possible items that she’s attached herself to. Maybe when you wake up, it’ll be quicker.”
“Isn't that what humans say when they are the exact opposite?”
“Yeah.”
They finally settled in for the night many hours later. The babies didn’t want to sleep, and Dean feared that their schedules were now in complete disarray. They were restless, and not still enough for Dean’s liking. It wasn’t much of a shock that at 3:00 am they both started wailing.
A woman appeared at his side in barely a slip of a silk robe.
Sam set a hand on Dean's shoulder. “It's New Year's man. Everyone's going to be here.” They slipped past Dean and headed into the hotel. Michael followed them. They were early enough that they might be able to sleep a bit more. Dean felt too awake for that option now. He'd had so many regrets from that night, not the least of which was forgetting to get Castiel's phone number.
Cas looked at Dean again, “Classes mostly. Everyone in here is rather young.”
The others poured into the room. Jack came to Cas’ side. “What happened?”
“I have to get back to Eileen. I might be able to work something out that’ll get me back, but it’ll have to be with her.” Sam was running his fork around his plate in swirls.
“Shut up.” Castiel closed his eyes and let his mind wander over the lyrics that he could retain. “It was perfect. One song down, ten or so to go.”
Cas turned back to him. He didn’t respond. Time passed as he just stared at him. Sam came back to the car. “Shit, you two being idiots while I was gone?”
. “Now Cassie, you're intimidating the boy. Let him in.” She reached past Castiel and beckoned Dean into the bus. “I'm Anna. Please come on in.”
A sound at his back alerted him to someone else's presence. He turned, and was greeted by the brunette from the bar. "Hey there."
Castiel clicked open the folder. The sooner he watched a couple, the sooner he could say no and send Crowley back to the drawing board. The first was a sandy-haired man singing into a mic, no guitar, just acapella. His voice was fine. “No,” he said.
“I'm confused,” Cas said.
“We staying here for the night or going back to the bunker?”
Cas didn’t leave the building right away. Instead he stood in the room a moment first and breathed from within this new body. He moved his own vessel to a small office. Joan told him that it would be safe there. It was one of the few coherent things that she said once he was occupying her body. She was mostly rambling on about the information he was feeding her concerning stars and distant universes. He made a slight adjustment to her telescope so that she’d see something new when she returned to this place, a little thank you for what she’d given him.
“You started it.” Dean really sounded like a whiny child.
Dean stumbled out into the hall toward the kitchen. The floors were cold. He made the bottles in near record time and came back to the room. They fed the babies, who seemed to drink begrudgingly. When the bottles were done, they just didn’t seem happy. They squirmed and flailed about. “I wonder if they’re teething,” Cas mused.
Castiel had his arms wrapped around Dean, making him the little spoon. It was comforting to be held, and he needed that comfort in this moment. He needed to think more. He needed to run through the situation before he opened his mouth and maybe then he wouldn't ruin it all. Missouri had told him as much during several of their sessions.
Jack added, “She’ll learn to control that. Maybe I can work on that with them.” Jack turned to the others, “Well, let’s go finish breakfast.” Claire and the twins followed him out. Dean even handed off Samuel to Jack as he went.
Dean was holding his breath. He remembered how it was when he saw it the first time. He was sure he had held his breath then too, right along with the whole audience. They'd seen the movie the song had been written for: the story of a closeted gay man that didn't get tossed to the clichéd kill-your-gays final scene like everyone thought he would. There were tears in the crowd. The song evoked every emotion that the film did.
The rest of the tour was a mess of days. Dean couldn't recall specifically any detail from any of the stops. It was all just yelling crowds, loud, fast songs, and falling back in the bus to do it all again the next day.
“And Michael is still unaccounted for?” Dean sat on the stool next to Cas’ small bar.
Bobby added, “One year is nothing. Normally these contacts require three years.”
“He thinks I'll make the album if I'm tied to someone, to you. He knows I wouldn't want to screw you over.”
Kali looked to him and said, “I am not a god that resurrects. I am Kali the destroyer. I can only bring him more harm.” She looked up from her son to the others in the room. "Did you assume that I could resurrect him?" No one replied. "Humans. You know so little about the gods. You see the power but none of the limits."
Joan came over to his side and took a seat. “Oh really?” Her tone was mocking.
Charlie nodded and directed her attention toward the other side of the orb. A small gash appeared there, just briefly, but it was long enough for Kali and the boys to enter the space. Kali’s hands filled with flame, and her eyes flashed death and fire. The orb turned red and seemed to be bloody. “Do as I do,” she said to her sons. They mirrored her moves, filling their own hands with flames. “Did you practice destruction?”
Sam held the image next to the one in the book. “It’s different though too.”
“Calm down bucko.” Dean settled a hand on his shoulder. “You got this.” Cas came over and joined their little trio. Dean leveled his gaze on him. “You ready, Cas?”
“I think something’s wrong. I can’t remember what we did.” Dean was doing his best to not sound panicked.
“Same old, same old.” Uriel sat next to him. “Honestly can’t wait to get home, sleep for three days straight.”
Dean struggled for a moment to make the conversational shift. He propped his head on his arm. “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable.”
“You’ve not taken on a young novice, or a replacement for Father Thomas then?” She ran her fingers along the edge of his desk, feeling the dips and ridges of it.
That sounded believable. Crowley didn’t have time for anything that didn’t make him money. Cas though. Cas might. Bobby put a hand on Dean’s shoulder and gave it a little squeeze of comfort. “I can’t, Bobby.”
“Yeah, what else am I feeding him?”
“Bobby and I can just share my room if it hasn’t been repurposed. It’ll make it easier for us to care for the babies,” Mary said. Dean looked back and forth from the one to the other. Mary moved her arm to Bobby’s shoulder and gave it an affectionate squeeze. He smiled at her.
Rowena breathed the spell out in one gust of a breath. The symbol moved from the doorframe to the floor beneath them enlarging to encompass a much bigger space. The demons looked at her with disgust. “A simple devil’s trap. Can’t be dealing with all of you at once now.” She smiled. She delivered the exorcism quickly. The bodies fell to the floor, both very dead. Rowena stepped over them to her door. The vampire stood there. “What do you want?”
“It was God, supposedly. The last time it was a combination of Jack and the cosmic entity that held him in the Empty.”
Uriel joined them, throwing an arm over each of their shoulders. “Did you ever think you'd have so much money?”
“Of course.” Cas moved to Dean’s side and walked with him toward the campus. He wasn’t sure what the point was. They’d established the night before that co-eds were way too young and unappealing. It made Cas settle on a different question though, one that had nothing to do with conquests. “Did you ever want to go to college?”
“Well, let’s hear one of yours then,” Dean finally said.
“No, no. I'm not freaking out like that. I'm…” He didn't know how to explain it, but he woke up in Castiel's arms and felt like everything was so fragile. “I'm going to ruin this, Missouri. I don't want to ruin this.”
Dean leaned against the Buick, trying to look calm. “Now you got me wondering. Any hints?”
“I don’t really have any friends beyond you and my band.”
“Break a leg,” Sam said.
“I think naked is good.” Dean leaned in and kissed him. He dragged his mouth to Cas’ neck, letting his teeth drag over his pulse point just a little. “Want you.”
“Now you and I both know that’s not true. Just as you know that I’m more than what I seem.” He smiled and his eyes shifted to black.
“Yes you can. Please try, if not for me or you, then for Sammy.”
“Oh,” Dean liked the idea that Ellen could just pop on in at any time. He smiled at the thought. Then he realized that he wasn’t likely going to be on any list for Castiel. “Yeah, that’s probably…”
“Everyone thinks there’s an angel here. There’s no angel here.” Rowena stepped away.
“Crowley just facilitated the thing. Castiel Novak wants you.” Dean felt every muscle seize up.
“Nah, died when we were young.” Dean looked up from his beer at Castiel. His blue eyes held him. “One night he checked us into a motel and went off. He did that sometimes. Usually, he’d come back with groceries, or he’d be drunk. He was more often a sad drunk than a mean one. I took care of Sammy when he was gone like that.” Dean paused wondering how much to share. It was already more than he’d usually share.
"Just look. You don't seem to know everything he thought of you. I think I can help with this." A warm rush of energy seemed to flow through him. Dean's hands curled into fists. He thought he should fight this. “Calm yourself. It won’t hurt.” Jack’s words seemed to come to him through a long, dark hall. Dean felt himself pulled into the vision which reminded him somewhat of the time that Cas showed him Purgatory.
“Me either. Guess that makes us perfect for each other.”
“So you were just on your stomach for the fun of it?” Dean laughed.
Castiel didn't call out to Dean as he entered the house. He just tossed his bag on the stairs and went on a hunt for him. There was a spring in his step, and a smile that was hurting his cheeks a little spread across his face. Dean wasn't in the house.
Sam said, “Maybe the one next to your room, across from me.” Jack smiled at that.
“So, why didn't things go down at the Ranch?”
“You almost knocked me out with how enjoyable this was.” Dean watched Cas sink back down on him. Head bobbing away as he sucked, Castiel made Dean feel like everything was zipping away and he was stuck on this small pinpoint of pleasure. Everything was Cas, and everything was so very good. Castiel’s tongue was circling him. His fingers were digging into Dean’s thighs and holding on for dear life.
“I don't think he's gonna want that.”
“Don’t do that. I might end up liking the authority.” Castiel snapped his ass with a towel as he went. Dean yelped, a very manly yelp.
Sam rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “They look good. Did you all have trouble putting them on?”
“I figured as much. He talks of her often.”
Dean took a step back. “Well, that’s pretty damn romantic language you’re using there. Pretty sure we haven’t crossed that threshold.” Dean wasn’t sure why he questioned it. Maybe he just wanted Cas to tell him that it was pretty damn romantic and that’s exactly how he meant it. Instead he took a seat again. “You gonna pass judgement on my western attire?”
“I'm a bunch person. I'm not sure if you are.” Castiel was getting out of bed. “I'm going to take a shower. Let yourself in.”
“You went behind my back. You,” Dean pointed at Bobby’s chest. “You had no business sending that out. And to Crowley of all people.”
There was a room in the bunker where Dean kept clothes, not costumes as Sam might call them. They were absolutely clothes. They were special and to be worn in very particular occasions.
“You done good.” Dean shielded his eyes and looked up at Rebekah. “How’s the air up there?”
Dean could really have his pick from the table. Everyone was interested in his banter, his bravado, his ever present charm. Cas felt Dean's words twisting in his stomach, words that weren't meant for him. Something about that night, that moment, unsettled him, made him want more.
“What would that mean to you, a relationship with me?” Cas was trying not to sound too hopeful. Wanting Dean had been a constant for so long despite the distance, the bad communications, and the years.
“Sure, two,” Dean ordered for them both. She walked away to get the coffee and Dean looked over the menu.
“I really don’t know. I’ve worked on some things, but nothing’s done.” Castiel flipped through his notebook. “My first song in here is the farthest along.”
“I had to pick someone. My contract made that clear. He wanted me to pick his son, Gavin.”
“That Bobby really gets around.”
“What’re you talking about? How would you know that?” Her eyes glinted with excitement though.
“I don’t gotta do anything. It’s not in my contract that I have to work with some random person you decide to throw at me.”
They stepped away from her, but before they did, they waved some servants in to clear away the body of her mother. For a small time, she was alone in the room. Her mother was gone, her father was gone, and her world felt empty. At least the pain that had spurred so much action before had subsided. She moved to the window and looked out on the world.
The guard smiled and pushed the button. Castiel felt like he left his stomach at the bottom as the elevator rose.
“I just told you. It’s a little informational visit.” E’brem spread out his arms wide at his sides.
"Are you okay?" Cas asked.
“I took care of all of that last night. It’s in the back seat. The bottles have water in them, and when we need them, we just have to mix in the formula.”
Sam couldn’t argue with that. Jack was already making goofy faces down into Ellie’s bassinet that was perched on the table. Sam was holding Samuel and rocking him boldly back and forth. He looked nervous. Cas set a hand on Dean’s back and steered him toward the garage. It took a full twenty minutes of silent driving before Dean spoke. “You sure they’ll be okay?”
“We taught them how to fight without using their powers. It was just some simple moves. Jack said that sometimes when you don’t know your own strength, you should go with something simpler.”
“Hmm, so you were blaming yourself for what happened with us?”
“No.”
They sat across from each other with food laid out on the sticky formica table. Cas made a showing of picking at the french fries on his plate. He mostly stared out the window, like he was looking for something. “You okay?” Dean asked as he swapped their plates. Nothing wrong with eating two burgers. Cas smiled a little.
“Well, mission accomplished there.” Dean smirked.
Dean remembered this. He had shut it down maybe in order to keep from going after more. They never had time to get where they were going, and that maybe was what was killing him a little each day since North Cove. “You okay?” Cas asked. His voice low and pitched in concern.
It had been weeks of this, this tension. Some days Dean wouldn't even look at him. Cas thought that it'd pass. Actually he never thought that their actions would lead to anything like this.
“I don’t want to do this without him.”
Dean swallowed and said, “Well, yeah.” He ran a hand up through his hair. “What’s not to like? They get to wear cool hats. They also get some of the best lines in all of the movies. Boots are cool.”
“Yeah, I’m not seeing anyone I’m comfortable hitting on, to be honest.” Dean glanced over at the bar. “Bartender is the only person in here that’s maybe even in his thirties.”
Castiel finally looked at him. “Huh?”
Dean rolled his shoulders into a shrug and said, “Make yourself at home.” He thought that he sounded weird when he said it. Cas seemed to note it too with a raised eyebrow. “What?” He didn’t know why he questioned it. He knew what spawned the moment. His voice nearly cracked like he was some pre-pubescent boy asking someone to go steady for the first time. This wasn’t that, and he had no business making the connection.
Cas chose that moment to respond to the question. “Just my name. A few times.”
The key to getting by was to not think about it too much. Some days though, it was all he could think about. It was a desire that seemed to burn him up just a little. It was the sort of thing he worried about in the quiet times. At night when he was somewhat alone, and Cas was on the far end of the world doing god knows what, he’d think that maybe everything would be better if he just kept the closeness, kept the proximity to Cas in place. But then he had to consider using words to make it all more permanent, and that was where the idea crumbled.
“So why do you think you'll ruin this?” Dean could almost feel the look she'd be giving him if he was there, all maternal and also demanding.
Castiel slid off the stool and came around the counter. He leaned into the space next to Dean, hoping for some eye contact. “Dean.”
Driving to the Stampede Motel was an exercise in not letting his face split in two. Dean was pretty sure he’d never smiled so much in all his life. Every glance into the mirror though, every stray thought that he fired off, every moment that Cas was back, it was all warm and good. Sam even seemed to be in danger of smiling too much too. Then there was the kid who had stayed up all night with Cas absolutely monopolizing his time.
#1 Crushed by Fallen
In an effort to keep his feelings in check, Cas leaned in and kissed Dean. There was nothing gentle about the kiss. Dean's arms were around him, practically hauling Cas up off the ground. It went on so long that Cas thought they'd have to go back to the car. "You're beautiful," Dean whispered between breaths.
