Tony tried to fumble around in his pocket with what energy he had left from being launched around the room.
As Steve wandered up to bed, Coulson pulled out his laptop, and started up his video conference. A few seconds after it started up, the face of Nick Fury came into view. Coulson immediately saluted.
"No, no," Howard said, shaking his head and then looking directly at Steve, "you don't understand. I help develop weapons for the military. I was told about an experimental program. I need you to clarify if this is the one I was told about it."
"Right then," Steve gasped for air. "Let's let the rest of the cloud go away before we try to take this guy down again."
After the entire description of the lab that went horribly wrong, the four went into the kitchen to get breakfast.
"Well, I can tell you one thing," Tony said, "we aren't getting the Hulk through that door."
"Yes, sir," Steve responded in a weak and submissive voice.
"Sounds like a party-" Clint was going to start laughing, but he pointed to something out-of-the ordinary in the other corner across from Bruce. "...the hell is that?"
"That's exactly what I've been afraid of. Question:" Coulson continued.
In the middle of Tony's flirting, the doorbell rang, and Howard sighed. "I suppose I can get that." And he marched, like a kid being sent to his room, up to the foyer to let their guest in.
The classic 1940s Harley motorcycle glided into the parking lot of the high school, Steve fashioning a leather bomber jacket from the World War II era over a slightly undone plaid button-up shirt.
The main room, where the radiation was going to be, was a large room surrounded by the "military-grade steel" glass. There was a single, chrome metal lab table in the middle, a huge ray mechanism pointed at it from across the room.
"Apparently they don't like flaunting the fact that they have guests," Bruce joked.
"What?" Howard screamed, looking at Tony like he had two heads. "You think that I'm going to believe that I should tranquilize an innocent teenager? What should make me believe that Bruce is becoming..." he ran his hand through his hair, panicking, "becoming a..."
"I'm here," Tony responded. Steve couldn't tell where it was coming from, but it was something. With the shield always facing the monster, Steve ran for the door, trying to open it.
Tony crouched down right next to Steve's ear. "I guess we'll find out, eh, Cap?" He whispered, winking at the soldier.
"Uh, guys," Natasha began, "I haven't seen this thing yet, but my guess is that we need to figure out a way to get out of the line of fire. This isn't going to be pretty."
"Stay put. Keep this door open. I need the visibility to take down whatever this thing is."
"Well, hey," Clint interrupted, coming over to help Natasha roll up the Twister mat, "why don't we play something else? Like Monopoly?"
"How did you figure that out?"
"You aren't going to grab a bow?" Clint was gasping for air, laughing at the same time.
"Tony, what are you-" Steve tried to stop him, but Tony let loose with the extinguisher, ramming it into the control panel. After a few final beeps, the control panel lights blinked back to green, and the now shattered screen read:
"How should I know?" Tony shouted back, a desperation rising in his voice that Steve had never heard before.
"Nothing," Tony muttered, and winked at Steve.
It read:
" The monster growled. Bruce's eyes gleamed with sorrow behind the green, enraged eyes. Only for a second, Steve felt like he should listen to Bruce's monster, but his soldier subconscious decided otherwise.
"It's no use," Tony sobbed, his voice hitching with uneven breaths. He and Steve both stared helplessly into the room, only to see Bruce's horrified face. Out of anger for his helplessness, Steve slammed the extinguisher against the door one more time. The wake of the force of the super soldier's impact ruptured a pipe, releasing a cloudy gas into the entire lab room. It was almost impossible to see anything.
"Well," Tony smirked, just standing up and brushing himself off, "I don't think that'd be an issue."
"The good news is that he is befriending all the right people. There is this kid, Clint Barton, that's affiliated with Romanov, and then there's Bruce Banner. But I'm guessing they're good influences. Tony Stark and Natasha Romanov wouldn't be affiliated with them otherwise. They have-well,
"Yeah, Cap," Tony breathed, "I got it. But you aren't hearing me: I'm almost positive that it's Bruce!"
"And I tripped over the chair in the control room, and slammed on the button," Steve finished Tony's sentence, looking down at his feet. Nothing could have satisfied his inner soldier more than taking the blame for himself.
"Should we...?" Steve motioned at him and Tony and then over to Bruce.
Bruce rolled his eyes. "OK. You know what? Both of you go into the control safe-room, before you break something, or before I kill you."
, Clint replied,
"Who's this?"
"So," Bruce tried to push himself up, failing and falling back down to the ground, "what are you trying to tell me?"
Slowly, Steve got to his feet. "...Bruce?"
"How about..." Steve started, "well, crap. I guess we can't really win at anything when we play with Tony Stark, huh?"
"Hey, Cap!" Tony shouted Steve's new nickname down the hall just before chemistry.
"Easy solution," Clint grinned as he pulled out an arrow from his quiver. He loaded his bow, took aim at the already shattered glass, and fired.
"I probably have an answer," replied Fury.
"Look at me," Steve shouted, panic arising in his voice, "I haven't gone to school since this!" He motioned to his entire body. "Do you know how hard it is to go from a scrawny
"Well," Bruce forced an apathetic chuckle, "I just became an insane green monster twice in less than 24 hours... I'm pretty sure I've been better."
Clint sounded pissed.
"Right. Just calm down, and we'll get this entire thing fi-" Mid-sentence, Tony was launched through the air, hitting the glass paneling and falling down in a fetal position, out cold. Steve felt like his heart just dropped down into his stomach after Tony made no movement after his impact with the glass.
The two were next to Steve and Natasha now. "You do see how busted this lab is, right? There's no way it can take another beating from him," Tony realized.
"I probably have an answer," Steve said, shrugging. "Shoot."
"She must have some practice," Steve guessed.
"That's actually why I decided to contact you tonight. I have some news that should keep us a bit on the edge of our seats for the next few months," Fury replied, remaining in all his seriousness. "I've only heard conspiracies, but there are plans to either come into your house or come into the school and take him. Or part of him. Anything that has Steve's DNA is almost guaranteed to have the genetic code to the serum, so we have to be careful."
"That's just what we think," responded Bruce as they walked into the classroom. "But if we try it out on a few of Mr. Stark's leftover lab rats-quite literally, rats he hasn't used in experiments yet-just to see what happens, what could go wrong?"
His friend sitting next to him, the same guy as at the parking lot, nodded. "Yeah, it is. Hey, be friendly! Turn around!"
Tony struggled to his feet shortly after. "Steve, let me. I've known him for so long, we're basically brothers." As they both got up, the door clicked shut, and the rage in the monster's-well, Bruce's-eyes skyrocketed. Nonetheless, Tony kept walking towards it-towards the monster that until moments ago was his best friend.
, can he use a bow and arrow!"
"A Hulk," Bruce finished, finally able to use the term. "I became a big green rage monster, as Tony calls it. And I'm ashamed to say that the lab back there was my doing. I threw them both against the glass, and smashed around a bit before I finally became... human again."
"Uh," interjected Tony, "because it's fucking dangerous?"
"Class, this is..." the teacher paused, hoping for Steve to say his name.
Steve swallowed hard, feeling the awkward moment form in a sweat that dripped down his back. Once he recollected his thoughts, he followed a bit of a ways back, Bruce and Tony leading him from the majestic foyer to a chamber of stairs. Down the stairs, they weaved through a maze of high-tech, modern-looking labs. The group passed a few labs littered with excess parts of robotics projects before they finally came to their lab.
When it looked up, Tony and Steve gave it direct eye contact, and immediately its breathing quickened, the entire body of the monster tensing up like it was about to attack.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck, but remained silent.
"Tomorrow's a big day! Are you ready?"
After Tony came downstairs, they sat in the lab room, hoping for some time to think, when they heard the click of the door down to the labs.
"Sir," Steve shook his head in a terse nod towards Howard, and headed for the door, Coulson on his heels.
Sam did look into the arts program that Peter’s school was opening. Dance and theater, regular arts and creative writings, computer design and all of those things. “Lo,” Sam sighed on the third of January as Loki watched the snowfall on the weather channel.
“The glass on the ceiling are all solar panels. Tony said if I’m going to go around calling myself The Falcon I need a bird’s nest. It’s a bit too unconventional for me.”
Steve sighed and looked down at his fiancé. “A year ago,” he admitted, “I would have made it work. But Tony’s not Peggy, and Bucky and I aren’t the same guys from back then. It’s messy Sam real messy. Maybe in a few years after we've all settled down, but...”
Bucky gave him a dumbfounded look back. “Our anniversary with Tony. It’s next week. We went out on our first date next week.”
Wanda rolled her eyes and hugged him. Then she brushed past and started to talk to Loki. It was easy to talk to her and Loki sat with his gifted plant in his lap as they talked.
“What,” Bucky demanded.
Loki body flew through the air and down the steps. He laid there unmoving. Then his small family disappeared into thin air and Loki appeared leaning against the window sill. “Torture me how you see fit Odin,” Loki spat as the guards descended on him, “but you will not break me.”
Steve blushed. “We were not,” he protested.
Shuri tossed him the pen and kept with her update. Steve sat beside Bucky and stroked his shoulder where metal met skin. Bucky let out a soft sigh and without warming the metal melted into skin. Sam could have sworn, if he didn’t know any better, that the arm was real and not metal. The hologram stayed in place even as Steve ran his fingers down to Bucky’s hand. “Try it,” Shuri demanded to Steve.
“I thought Rhodey was busy as well this week,” Aunt May answered.
With F.R.I.D.A.Y’s help, Peter made it to his Dad’s office. He started poking around getting distracted by the desk toys with moving parts, but he soon got bored and moved on. His eye was drawn to the photo frames on one wall. He peered closely at the first one.
All the questions they had was answered that night as Pepper was getting ready for Bed and Tony was obsessing over Bucky's Twitter. Apparently, Bucky had a sister who was about ninety and still alive somehow, who they were staying with for the night.
Wanda let out a soft cry of alarm. “I’m sorry,” she whispered.
Bucky shrugged and kept following Tony. “Do you plan on pursuing Steve?”
Bucky rubbed his eyes. “Steve we just got home from a date with Tony.”
“Sit tight,” Bucky requested, “I’m going to have to draw you a map.”
Steve: The World was in danger Sam.
Tony: Believe it or not, but I have class as well as style.
“I better be,” Rhodey answered.
“Earlier this morning.”
Bucky watched Sam’s eyes widen. Shuri was supposed to keep track of all of the security footage in their apartment in case Bucky turned winter soldier or Hydra came. She was not opposed to meddling, however.
Loki woke up to something poking his cheek. He groaned and pushed it away. “Hey. Mr. Loki. Hey.”
“Did that help to satisfy your artistry?” Sam asked as the credits started to roll.
Wanda never really thought about how it would be like attending college as Wanda Maximoff not Becky from the bar down the street. This was so different. Some of the teachers made a big deal about it some didn’t. She got glares and smiles, thanks and threats. She had professors asking her to help with experiments or experiment on her. The first time the second one happened had been a mess.
“I’m happy Mom,” he assured her pulling her into a hug.
Damn it. They hadn’t had WiFi at her house when her parents were alive. And Hydra had seemed to give them all the answers they were looking for. They were told Tony Stark made weapons, and set them off and then acted like a superhero in his day job. And that was all before she got her power.
“Family Thanksgiving,” Sarah explained.
Steve and Bucky both smiled. They knew that Pepper had given this man a very long lot of things he wasn’t allowed to mention and that made it a lot less tense. “Welcome back to the country, how does it feel to be back?”
He smiled. Okoye started at him for a moment passively staring before the side of her lip twitched into a smile. “James,” she greeted.
Loki was shaking, but as he got up and into Sam’s arms the shaking stopped a bit and he glared at Gideon. Right, because Gideon had been as the male head of the house. Sam wasn't sure how Gideon and Sarah had figured out about him and Rylie, but his siblings meddled a lot.
Peter dropped from the ceiling. “Tony?”
“Is he ever on time,” Tony yelled over at Bucky.
“No problem Ms. Parker,” Natasha answered with a casual smile, “it’ll be my pleasure.”
Loki watched his body fall and as it does Sam is yelling and running, so is Wanda. Which is weird. Strange picks up the book and flipped through it before he disappears. The House Temptress cuts the event off.
Sam: I hate you. My references are genius and wasted on you.
Happy pulled out of the lot and half an hour later they were sitting in Dairy Queen. Wanda couldn’t bring herself to leave the comfort that Rhodey offered, her whole body was still shaking and he didn’t seem willing to shove her off either. Instead, he just held her tighter.
Sam got up and marched toward the library. Like F.R.I.D.A.Y had claimed Loki was curled into a ball by a bench near the window sobbing. “Loki, I’m coming over,” Sam announced.
“We were going to invite you to the last few exertions,” Laura explained, “but you were out on a mission every scheduled day and then that whole mess happened. But you’re here now and once Natasha gets back everything will be set back in place.”
Steve pulled out his phone and handed it over to Tony. “He’s been operating for about a year now and calls himself Spiderman.”
Sam laughed. “What are they really doing?”
“That’s not really news kiddo. There are like three different sex tapes out there when where I’m with a guy.”
Bucky’s eyes were wide filled with amazement. To everyone, but Steve’s surprise, Bucky was a huge fucking nerd. “The cool part,” Shuri started.
Bucky laughed. “Hell no. Stevie’ll save the world as needed, but we’re retired.”
“He appeared to be having a nightmare earlier and woke up before getting sick. He is currently reacting,” she answered.
The only thing that kept her together was the fact that she was going to bring all of her family home, but she remembered the tower. How cold and empty it had been, how Vis was the only reason she hadn’t shut down and why Clint coming to get her felt like she could breathe for the first time since Pietro died. Going back to the Compound scared her, but she wouldn’t let fear control her either.
“You shouldn’t have come,” he repeated, “I told you I would shield you from Odin’s wrath.”
Sam played musical soundtracks and did research while Loki laid in the yard and walked around it pointing out places for flower beds. Sam promised to get some wood on his way home the next day so they could build the flower beds and Loki smiled at him like he had just promised him the world. It was sad how little it took to make him smile like that.
Bruce rolled his eyes at meditation music, but he did like several pop bands from India and preferred classical music.
I should be jealous that my boyfriend is pinning over another fucking man, but call me selfish that I like him happy. You’re a coward for not contacting him. Emotional damage be damned. I don’t know what in hell is holding you back, but figure it the fuck out.
That’s your problem, Tony. It’s not that you're arrogant, or that you don’t care. You care too much in fact but you are so caught up in your guilt and obsession you forget to listen to what others need before you decide that for them. We could have worked past not agreeing on the accords I was willing to go along with your plan and fix them later, but then you reminded me that you don’t want to listen. That you can’t.
He stepped forward but Loki held out his other hand. “Don’t,” he demanded, “the Magic Child is not in control right now. Let the magic run its course.
Tony nodded slowly. “Yeah, it kind of did.”
Tony tapped something on his phone and Steve peered over his shoulder. “What are you doing,” he asked.
Pepper for her part looked relieved.
“I should have,” Sam stated.
“We’ll stay tonight,” Okoye answered, “we have business to attend to tomorrow.”
He whipped tears away from her cheeks. “You need me here with you,” he answered.
“Ok,” Bucky agreed.
Tony wasn’t sure how to respond to that. “Are those golf carts,” Steve questioned directing Tony's attention away from the idea of Bucky having a Twitter.
“Long story,” Steve answered, “but yeah. You said you needed help? F.R.I.D.A.Y is Tony on his way?”
Bucky nodded. “Why is it so expensive,” he complained.
Loki nodded and ducked into the house, “don’t forget that the list of his triggers is in there and foods we’ve found out he can’t eat, and-“
“Did you want to have sex with them, for yourself? Did you have another option?”
Rhodey’s eyes flickered down to his legs and he gave a small smile. “It sucks, but my best friend is a millionaire and a genius with a guilt complex and likes to fix things. Your best friend is an overgrown golden retriever with an attitude problem.”
So here’s the thing Steve Rodgers might have a small crush on Tony Stark. A lot of people assumed that Steve was quiet around Stark because he didn’t like him, but Steve had been the same way around Peggy and Bucky the first time they meet. Steve had a thing for falling for people larger than life.
Rylie had come out day fucking one in the
“Does everyone agree to this,” Steve asked.
He took the plate and left. He knocked on Loki’s door. It slid open immediately. Loki was sitting on the floor against the wall facing the door a book in his lap. He didn’t meet Sam’s eyes keeping them downcast. Sam set the plate on the desk. “Hey Loki,” he greeted, “I don’t think we did introductions yesterday. I’m Sam Wilson.”
“That’s not necessary Nat,” Sam protested, “it’s ok.”
He watched Tony tinker with the red and blue suit. “I really do think this kid is meant to be ours,” Tony hummed, “blue and red. I’m red obviously.”
The room like the house was expensive but homely. It was a lot different from her room at the Compound that felt more like a hotel room than anything. It appeared that Tony had taken whatever personal touches she had put in that room to design this one.
“So we are in agreement,” Natasha stated.
Bruce’s voice caused Loki to flinch. Sam made a motion for everyone to be quiet. Sam didn’t think a male would make Loki feel comfortable enough to snap out of it. Nat rushed in as calmly as someone could rush.
Then she felt Tony’s mind. Nervous and scared, buzzing, and hopeful. Wanda squinted until she saw him. Their eyes connected and Wanda felt an overwhelming wave of love come off of him. She dropped her bag and ran straight into his arms.
Sam vaguely remembered that. “Yup,” he agreed anyway because he suddenly didn't care what he had to do to fix all of this.
“He’s going to do an interview,” Peter squealed, “but he always refuses them!”
“Kinky little fuck,” Bucky answered and started to kiss Steve’s neck.
Peter squeaked and stammered and blushed. “Please?”
Sam made soft sounds as Loki started to shake. “And Odin was right. Despite everything I am I could not stop Thor from becoming him. I thought for a moment on the ship going away from Asgard that Thor would leave the old ways in the past. But then he came with the cuffs and the muzzle, and that book that Odin and his friends created for him. To show him how to be a warrior king, for how to treat me. But Thor’s just the same.”
Sam supposed that was true. “Whatever,” he grumbled, “go get to work, you’d think the two of you were on break, not me.”
“Tony shut up and come to bed,” Steve demanded.
Loki arrived in the kitchen his hair wet and neatly braided back as Sam finished up with breakfast. He was wearing a green button up shirt with a black skirt and sat with a fluid grace that was anything but natural. Sam set a plate down in front of him. “Did you pick those clothes out?”
“Why does he get to be called Steve right away,” Tony demanded, “I tried to get to you to call me Tony for months and you never did but Captain America goes please call me Steve and you do.”
Tony didn’t really think that was the truth, but they all settled down anyways. After a minute the cameras started rolling. The reporter gave them a kind smile. “Welcome to CNN,” he greeted, “I’m here today with the Avengers for their interview since the Accord split them apart. Right now we are joined by Tony Stark, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Iron Patriot, The Falcon, and Scarlet Witch. Later we will be joined by Captain America and the Winter Soldier.”
When Steve and Tony pulled away Steve leaned down and picked up the letters. His face was beat red. “So you came to France to give me a reply to letters I never sent,” Steve asked clearing his throat.
“It will,” he agreed giving her a light squeeze.
“Indeed we will,” Natasha purred slipping in and leaning into Bucky’s side.
Loki shrugged. “Is there a difference? And if there is a difference does it matter? I’ve never been anything more than pretty illusions, and lies, and tricks.”
Bucky’s eyes drifted past Steve and over to the two men with a glare. “Let’s hope so,” he agreed a clear warning.
Wanda ran in floating a large bucket of ice above her. She dumped it into the bath and Natasha wasted no time in getting Peter in. Waiting for Cho was hell because Peter’s fever would not go down. But the ice bath stabilized it. It was torture watching the happy go lucky fidgety child moan and groan from pain and dry heave. Natasha would rather stab herself than watch it.
“And you’re the blue,” Stark went on waving some tool Steve didn’t know the name of, “he has my stunning good looks.”
Tony had offered Sam his own floor at the tower, but Sam had politely refused a permanent stay. He needed his own space without having to think about someone on the team barging in on him. Frankly, Steve understood. Besides Sam’s new apartment was closer to the V.A.
“It’s ok. Steve still has the worst track record,” Natasha assured sliding the board back into place.
“I’m going to start your training regimen,” Natasha answered.
Loki gulped. He didn’t like Strange, and he couldn’t hurt anyone and that had to include the annoying sorcerer who thought he knew everything and labeled him a problem. Which wasn’t wrong, but annoying. And as annoying and self-righteous as he was Loki knew that the sorcerer would kill him to prevent Loki from causing trouble and here he was back on Earth.
Natasha nodded. “When do you want to speak to him?”
The adults in the room start to scramble while Clint’s younger kids jump up and down, “Grandpa Furry!”
Thor spared her a quick glance. “Everyone this is the Valkyrie Brunnhilde, my new second in command,” Thor quickly introduced, “forgive me for not making the proper introductions earlier.”
Steve leaned forward and nipped the finger that was aiming for his nose. Bucky made an ungodly yipping noise.
“Wow,” Rhodey answered, “really?”
He landed on top of a building and waved down to the people below. Someone stopped beside Steve. Steve's his face twisted in confusion. The women laughed. “Not from Queens,” she asked.
No one saw Shuri and Peter till dinner, but F.R.I.D.A.Y assured them that the teens were alright. Natasha laughed with Nikita and Okoye, who she hadn’t spent much time with previously. “Congratulations on your engagement,” T’Challa said to Steve and Bucky as Tony passed him a drink, “Mother sends her congratulations as well.”
“Tony how many boyfriends do you have,” Bucky went to nail the point home.
“Like what?”
Loki located the hall the bathroom was down and saw Sam’s open door. Natasha said that Sam was safe. Natasha like Loki had been forced to give up her body at times. He had seen it when he had first saw her, had it confirmed by Clint. Loki believed her. Despite what past experiences had taught him. Sam was nice and kind and respected him.
Tony looked at the book. The cover when Thor had set it down had shown Loki casually sitting in a throne looking smug. Now Loki was tied down to the throne in some kind of messed up German dungeon porn scene tears leaking down his face.
“Why won’t you pay attention to us anymore!”
“No,” Tony answered, “and as far as I known Steve isn’t aware Bucky and Sam send these letters.”
Then he was tugging Steve out the door and Steve waved goodbye. Clint shoved them into one of the cars and suddenly they were at a restaurant.
She smiled lovingly while Ned squealed. “Miss. Pepper Potts is your mom now! Omg does that mean Tony Stark is your Dad? Why didn’t you tell me!”
“Yeah. It’s me.”
“True,” Steve agreed.
Steve smirked sitting back down. “So taking Loki out went well,” he inquired.
Sometimes Loki is okay at Tony’s and sometimes he’s not. Today was facing to be a pretty good day. The Younglings as Tony called them were off in the theater room, Peter was holding a vine and meme class again. Loki and Wanda didn’t get it the same way Peter did, but it was close enough for the three of them to communicate. Peter had sputtered a lot when Loki had walked in, but really took it all in stride. So Loki was fine and Sam relaxed with Steve on the patio. Bucky and Clint were having a shoot match with paint balls down on the grass bellow. Tony and Rhodey were making dinner with Bruce's help while Pepper started in on the wine. Laura had the kids somewhere in the house drawing or something. Natasha was still gone, but Sam knows she’ll be back as soon as possible. Jane and Darcy were in the kitchen’s living room with Pepper, not drinking but enjoying the company.
“I wish he would slow down,” Tony complained, “he’s taken ten years off my life!”
Tony didn’t look at the picture for too long. Instead, he quickly reposted it and spent several minutes looking down at his hands. He should have been at that funeral, but he hadn’t wanted to get in Cap’s way or bring the attention to himself, so he had stayed home and drank. Peggy had been one of the nice constants in his childhood. Less frequent than Jarvis, the human one, but still just as kind and caring and taught him to shoot a gun and be pretty when you were about to screw someone over. So yeah that sucked.
Darcy shrugged. “Thor showed me a trick he said Loki taught him.”
The video started to play. Loki watched his body go back a fourth, Sam yelling in pure rage as the gunshots went off and Sam with tears trickling down his cheeks realizing what happened. His body hitting more walls. More walls than what he had thought at the time. Wanda had left while he was getting thrown at walls and arrived back with that horrible book. Loki wasn’t sure how she knew about it. Maybe the Avengers talked or she saw it in his mind. The how didn’t really matter.
“And what about you,” Loki asked, “are your arms open to me?”
Loki didn’t say anything. “Look at that. Lo’s awake!”
Bucky laughed and tossed a rock up there. Scott cussed. “Screw you,” Scott yelled.
Sam’s Mom laughed. “I don’t cook during holidays. My eldest boy does, just like his daddy.”
It was a crappy letter and it was so fucking Captain America it reminded Tony that he had been looking at the idol during the whole mess, not the real life man. Still the phone stayed untouched in his pocket.
Thor shrugged. “My sister I didn’t know about came out of banishment and tried to take over Asgard. I was sent to the plane of Sakaar and found Bruce and my brother! We returned to Asgard to valiantly save it, but we had to destroy Asgard in order to destroy Hela. But my people are safe and we are now refugees. I left them in the care of Valkyrie, Brunhilde. I have returned to seek your help and to return Banner!”
“Making out in the hallway,” Loki deadpanned.
Wanda sighed and let her legs drop off the bed. “I don’t want to come back. I just don’t want to be alone.”
Sam tried not to feel sick that Loki was basically talking about sex slaves. And Sam knew enough to read the implication that Loki had been one at some point. “Well, I suppose you have some of that in Earth’s history,” Sam answered, “but it’s of considered legal now. I don’t know how it works in space, but on Earth, there are now places that let two people of the same sex get married if they want. Bucky and Steve have been in love for a very long time.”
Bucky didn’t flinch. “I do” he repeated.
He didn’t need to tell Steve that they weren’t ready yet, that adoption would be near impossible not because they were two men, but because of Bucky’s reputation. Steve didn’t need to hear that, he just needed Sam’s support. “You’ll make the best Dads one day.”
“Wait Wanda is coming,” Peter exclaimed, “she’s really cool! The way people treated her after that accident was so not cool. Like that bomb would have blown up the entire street and maybe made the building collapse, what did they want her to do let it go off? So anyways Ned and I made a poster that said Scarlet Witch is a hero convince me otherwise and hung it up at lunch at our table. It was awesome. At first, a couple people tried to argue but then half of the cafeteria stood behind us and even Flash didn’t try anything. So instead of an argument we all just sat around and talked about how underappreciated she is and how she barely has any merchandise.”
Loki let himself drift off to sleep.
Loki and his sister and Mom introduced themselves a bit more and before he knew it Loki had charmed them. Sam eventually got them all off the phone. “I am sorry for appearance,” Loki said as soon as he hung up, “but I did not think my face would be a welcome sight.”
“He’s not anywhere,” she butted in, “he’s with the people like him.”
Rhodes was hurt, Steve and half of the Avengers were long gone and into hiding and all he had left was Pepper and his destructive tendencies.
Tony snorted. “Defiantly better than me,” he agreed.
Thor laughed. “You are in very good hands then. If you ever wish to return Asgard opens its arms to you.”
Mj just pulled a book from out of her bag. “F.R.I.D.A.Y would you pull up our schematics please,” she requested.
“We have a screening room,” Peter yelled bouncing up and down.
Peter gasped. “You think she’ll talk to me?”
That’s how Steve first meet Peter and Steve didn’t think he would ever forgive Tony for that, but that was just one thing to add to the list.
He sat on the edge of the bed and watched them play. Loki lost the first game much to his displeasure and delight. Eventually, they went from board game to board game with family members rotating in and out trying to get to know Lo, and Sam appreciated it.
Peter gasped and his jaw went slack. She brushed past him. “And you made me cookies? How sweet.”
A day later Dr. Strange was long gone, that book was locked away in a vault twenty stories underground and Loki’s eyes flitted open. “Hey Lo,” Sam greeted.
“Group chat,” May answered with a wink.
He started to make another pot. “Nope,” Sam answered walking in, “Bruce said none for you either.”
And maybe that’s partly my fault. Maybe I only let you see the Queer Captain America and that confused you, but that’s not who I am, just like how you aren’t just Iron Man.
Natasha raised her eyebrow in a way that promised violence. Clint squeaked and Ned looked up at him and Ned felt glad that he now had someone to suffer with. Clint nodded slightly. “Yeah I don’t really want to die today,” he announced, “and Mj can get me thrown off a roof and she won’t care that I have kids.”
“Darcy can,” Jane answered.
“Bucky,” Steve purred as he sat down.
Later there a picture of a white daisy, a tube of bright red lipstick and a grave.
They were walking to the next bar when Steve saw a pride flag hanging under a neon sign. “What about this one,” he said switching his directions and heading towards it.
Natasha sighed setting a plate of food onto the coffee table with a bottle of vodka in her hand. “Should I read this,” she asked motioning towards to the book.
Loki rose to his feet keeping his head down. “I do not know what is going on and I do not like it,” Thor admitted, “where is your clever tongue brother. You’ve always met me as an equal. What is this?”
Rhodey and Tony both liked rock, but different kinds. And they both appreciated the break from each other. Because no Tony there are greater bands than AC/DC don’t get angry at me because you are wrong.
The next scene was in a different palace and a different throne. Odin was standing at the bottom of the steps. Loki in elegant wear but muzzled and chained. Odin removed the muzzle. Loki’s eyes were dark purple hanging under them and he looked starved. “Who are you.”
“Why?”
“For what,” Loki asked.
Their jaws dropped further fully sober now. “Steve we’re in a gay bar,” Clint informed him.
The three other men turned and looked at him. “What did you think we were staying,” Steve teased rolling his eyes.
The smaller children made excited sounds and left running away. “Classes,” Tony asked.
Tony looked a little shocked but an easy smile spread across his face and he gave Steve a fake salute. “On my way Cap.”
“Your kid was a horse,” Sam exclaimed unable to process that even though there were more important things to deal with, “I don’t get how that works.”
Loki flinched slightly. “Around twenty-three,” Loki answered.
Tony seemed frozen “I’m so sorry. Is this because I keep calling you Mr. Stark I promise I keep trying to call you Tony, but old habits die hard, but I really am trying to break them. I practice all the time I swear. Like yesterday in Spanish class I was practicing in my head and then my teacher called on me and I just yelled Tony! And everyone laughed which was embarrassing, but it made them laugh so there’s that at least.”
Loki shrugged and rose as well. “Enough to make other Asgardians roll their eyes.”
Now that he was putting weight back on he didn’t look as hallow and looked more angelic. “Everyone deserves a second chance,” she answered.
Steve and Bucky frowned. “What’s your Fella’s name?” Bucky asked.
“You too, I’m Peter-man Spider-Parker,” Peter exclaimed and then let out a defeated whine blushing.
“Yes,” F.R.I.D.A.Y answered, “Natasha and Sam are also in route.”
Sam finished chewing his green beans. “I work to help veterans get their lives on track when they get home from war,” he answered.
Jane put her face in her hands. “Babe,” Jane gave out a defeated sigh, “why are you like this?”
Sam felt the whirlwind hit him like a brick. The next thing he knew Pepper was talking to his Mom like they were old friends getting fired up, and Bucky and Steve had stepped back in the house to get Loki’s overnight bag. A sleepover at their house with Peter and Wanda. That sucked because Sam wanted to see his kid, but he didn’t want Loki overwhelmed either. Which was a good thing because at one in the morning they were all at the Ranch House talking and Rylie’s mother showed up at the doorstep and Sam had to fight to not break down.
Peter groaned and Loki felt his eyelids slide shut but he blinked them open again. “Steve! Rhodey! Sam!”
“My ass needs your ass,” Bucky smirked.
Stark,
“Good Evening Captain,” F.R.I.D.A.Y greeted.
Bruce gave Natasha a long-suffering look. “I’m going back to my lab, don’t let Tony have any more coffee.”
“Yeah so I just wanted to give you these,” Tony announced shoving all the letters into Cap’s hand.
He stretched out an arm and Sam took it kneeling beside the bed. Loki grasped it like a lifeline. “You are too kind to me.”
Ned jerks up and followed Mj out of the room. Helen gave Pepper her notes and they snuck off into one of the guest bedrooms. Clint kept watch as Natasha slept in her chair and everyone else continued on with their day. As much as they could. Natasha tried to extract more information from Clint about Mj but couldn’t.
Damn Clint. He always knew when something was wrong, could he figure out what it was? No, but the second he said that she wanted to curl into his arms and cry. “I’m not sad, just tired,” she protested, “I’m going to go to bed. Goodnight.”
Wanda huffed in defeat. Ned chuckled, and thus kept up their conversation.
Natasha groaned. “I had goats in Wakanda and I want goats,” Bucky declared.
Lilia ran over with a drawing. The little artist that she was. “Uncle Tony,” she yelled climbing into his lap much to the surprise of Steve, “Oče says you're going to be weird tonight so I made you a drawing because you’re a weirdo” she announced.
When Loki didn’t react Thor grunted, “I do not own you Loki.”
They followed him. “This is cute,” Jane noted sitting on the fluffy green sheets of the bed.
Tony paled. “That girl is scary,” he muttered, “Stevie take Pete to his room for me.”
Peter kept bouncing up and down. “So it went well then?”
Natasha had no idea what to make of that. “Well, I’m just going to say this for everyone. What the hell was all that,” Sam asked walking in.
“I believe that Peter is referring to the nine letters that Steve sent to James Barnes when they were separated during the war,” Vision put in.
Everyone but Peter paused. “Or what about the week before when he stumbled into a bookshelf in the library, or the day before that when Clint turned his back for five seconds at the shooting range and Loki accidentally stabbed himself with an arrow. Or when he got bored when Sam was at work and Natasha was gone and Bucky and Steve were doing an interview so he was alone for twenty minutes got bored somehow wandered into Dad’s lab and he glued all the screwdrivers down to the table? Or Jane was supposed to be with him, but she turned away after showing him a Rube Goldberg machine online and he got curious and made on in the living room.”
Bucky snorted. “What was he ever on time when he lived with you?”
“Do you know the meaning of a private conversation,” Sam hissed without menace.
He watched his family listen to his plea. Lo relaxed as well and they stayed for another hour before they went back to the quinjet and back home. “That was interesting,” Loki noted.
“Trauma doesn’t care,” Bucky pointed out, “if he’s spent his whole life attached to Thor and Thor from his perspective did the one thing he feared then he’s fucked.”
She pulled Jane out. Sam started to get the food ready. Loki and Natasha walked in a few minutes later. Natasha set a small book bag on the kitchen table, her hair braided back intricately. Loki’s hair was braided as well. It was very serene. Loki sat in a chair which Sam figured was some kind of progress. Loki’s eyes danced between the two Avengers for a split second, Sam didn’t show a reaction and kept cooking, then Loki pulled a book out of the bag and settled in.
Tony pulled out his phone and hit play on a video. Peter and Ned were sitting on the carpet in the tower. Peter’s mask was on the ground and R5 was at their feet. A girl with thick curly black hair laid on the couch reading a book. Pepper walked into the room a long purple dress and black heels. She finished hooking an earring into her ear. “Ok I’ll be out for two hours,” she announced, “I have brunch with some members of the board. And Peter if I see your dirty clothes on the dining room floor again I will ground you.”
Bucky rolled his eyes and Scott left. “Does he get less...like that,” Tony asked stopping a few feet away.
A hurried mass of people made their way over and Tony wasn’t sure if he should be creeped out or flattered. Somehow someone pushed him onto the stage and an hour later Tony was on the dance floor with a second place badge pinned on his tux. But he was dancing and laughing and smiling which wasn’t what he had planned on doing.
Steve groaned and jumped to his feet trying to shove Scott out the door. “Got it. We’re leaving.”
Loki shrugged. “If you can, please do not watch.”
“Pre-recorded theater,” Steve answered.
“Any time,” she answered.
Sam sighed. “I’ll start making French toast.”
It did and part of her hated that. She had once thought it had been Tony’s faults that lead to her parent's death and she would have wanted Tony to watch his children die and now all she wanted was for him to be happy. And maybe think of her as family as well.
“Who the fuck are you and why the hell are you getting your rocks off attacking a defenseless kid,” Bucky yelled.
It wasn’t until they had gotten back to the Neighborhood that either of them remembered that he had called her his Niece. And they only remembered because Pepper handed her a card that said To the Best Niece Ever and showed them the news channel clips of people trying to figure out how the pair was related. “Shit,” Tony swore.
Thor stood. “Thank you, my friend, I can not repay you for your generosity, and thank you, brother, for sharing with me today. I will depart until you ask for me,” Thor stated.
Pepper and Rhodey’s screen shrank and a video appeared. Peter Parker tumbled onto the screen followed by a loud whine “Peter be careful!” Ever protection instinct Bucky had kicked into overdrive.
“So we aren’t breaking up,” Tony asked almost hiding behind the door.
Lo: For eggplants at least. I think his carrots beat me.
“Screw Sam!”
“Angrboda,” he answered with a faint smile.
So Steve did what any good civilian would do and followed the kid home. He noted which window the kid went through and then walked around to the front of the building. He did the math in his head to figure out which number their apartment would be in.
“Helen Cho will be here in five minutes,” F.R.I.D.A.Y answered.
“Pleasing you,” Loki answered sweetly.
“He should be here,” Pepper repeated before drifting off to sleep.
Wanda giggled. Peter looked at her. “Speaking of college,” Tony announced, “there are three nearby that’s commutable from here. We’ll go see them after I drop Peter off at home tomorrow and after that, you can decide which one to attend. I’ve already got you accepted into all of them. We can look at MIT as well, but that’s a two-hour commute from here and it doesn’t match up nicely with your classes. I already have your credits transferred and classes lined up as best as possible.”
As Steve walked he Googled Spiderman and starred to watch the videos. The kid had potential, but it was so dangerous for him to be out here on his own without training. Steve knew that from experience. It took him way too long to figure out how to throw a punch without breaking his thumb.
Loki flinched, but his attitude stayed firmly in place. “To be Asgard’s whore.”
It was a quiet place once all the strobe lights were turned off and the regular lights were dimmed. Tony watched Clint and Scott cleaning up the bar. Wanda was half asleep on the bar top her head on Bucky’s lap as he gently stroked it. “Go,” Natasha ordered.
Bucky grabbed Steve’s dog tags from under his shirt and studied the names. “Remember this,” he ordered.
Bucky smirked and leaned against his side of the wall. Tony looked at Bucky, who was wearing a self-satisfied smirk. and groaned. Bucky’s eyebrows raised in alarm. Tony groaned again. “Don’t do that,” he demanded, “god don’t do that!”
Steve: Nothing too flashy if you can manage.
Bucky leaned forward and gently shoved him into the wall. Before Tony could protest Tony felt the wall engulf him and he pressed against it harder. “Ooh,” he answered.
“Okay,” Sam agreed and looked over at the time, “we got some time. Want me to put on Dancing with the Stars?”
Loki stumbled to his feet and swayed. “I’m here,” Sam announced his strong hands steadying Loki, “and why are you playing along with Stark's antics?”
Steve blinked. “What the hell Thor,” he demanded.
“I’m not running the technological advancement of a country.” Bucky stated, “I’m just in charge of a door.”
“I’ll come with” Tony chimed.
Ray’s head snapped forward and he squeaked. “You’re!”
Peter giggled and Wanda let out a laugh as well. Fury’s face lit up. “And my other grandkids,” Fury asked.
Peter sputtered his whole face turned red and he started throwing out nonsensical words. Finally, he just groaned and laid back covering his face.
He looked down at the smaller boy and found Peter curled into sleep at his side. “House Temptress please tell Sam that Stark’s small son is sleeping next to me and I have not hurt him.”
“Go to hell,” Sam snapped while Natasha cursed him out in Russian.
Before Sam turned around again Loki was gone. The next day Loki did not leave his room again. Sam brought in chicken noodle soup at lunch but left Loki to his own devices. F.R.I.D.A.Y kept track of his activities which mostly included sleeping, reading any book he could find, and sneaking out of his bedroom at night to go to the kitchen and poke around looking for books. When Sam ran into his again at night he gave Loki a Stark pad with books on it and explained how it worked to him. While Loki still wasn’t speaking he seemed pleased.
Sam nodded. Tony was not the only one shocked by Loki’s change of appearance, but he was the only one to point it out.
“Hey,” Rhodey protested, “we’ve talked about this self-deprecation junk. Not better, just different.”
Loki sunk down resting his head against the pillow and listened to Sam’s breath. Soft, deep, and reassuring. “Feeling better,” Sam asked.
“White flag,” Tony groaned waving it wildly.
“On their way,” Natasha answered, “traffic.”
Sam: Have fun
“You’re not Mom,” Peter answered and then paused, “or Mj.”
She wanted a family and the only people who could accept her now that Pietro is gone was the human outliers like her. She was no one's daughter, but they all loved her and that was enough right? Well, Clint was sometimes like a father, but that was also him missing his own kids so it didn’t really count and Steve went to the same school as she did so that would be weird and he was like an older brother. Nothing like Pietro, but it was something at least. Bucky was the same, and Sam was a weird uncle or cousin. And Natasha she was the sister Wanda never had. That had left Tony. And that was too complicated. So she had a family, but not the normal kind and that sucked.
Sam laughed and they set off. An hour later Loki knocked on the apartment door. The gathering was already in full blast. Sam’s Mom shouldered her way to the door and opened it. Music danced past them and Sam watched Loki relax. “There’s my boys!”
Loki heard the dismissal, but this had to be the wrong room. This room was nice and comfortable. Well furnished. Warm. Usual he had to earn these things. This has to be wrong.
Dr. Strange sneered “I’d hardly called the would-be concour of New York harmless. You underestimate his power. Just because he acts frail and defenseless does not mean that he is.”
Steve smiled at her. “Well, you couldn’t be alone. Peter will be there too.”
Tony headed straight over. “How did he get here,” Steve asked.
They spend the rest of the day lounging and by twelve the next day Sam was driving out of the Neighborhood. Loki didn’t combust or scream so Sam counted that as a win. Instead of combusting Loki read his book and snuck glances out the window every couple of minutes. Sam played the West Side Story soundtrack because that’s Loki’s favorite and they hum along together until they reach the college. They sat in the car for about ten minutes before Wanda walked towards the parking lot.
Dear, Steve
Loki frowned. “I thought you said we were taking the quinjet,” Loki answered.
“Whatever Dad,” Peter exclaimed rolling his eyes and pushing off the bed with enough force to touch his fingertips to the ceiling.
Tony groaned loudly and Fury laughed while Peter continued to whine. But that broke Fury’s hold over everyone and they sat around for another couple of hours. Mj had her feet in Peter’s lap watching Fury and Loki and once everyone was semi-relaxed she cleared her throat.
Wanda groaned. “Why are you all like this?”
“Anything you need,” Sam answered, “good night.”
He lead Darcy and Jane who had followed him out of the room to a set of twirling stainless steel black stairs. He beckoned them up “oh Sam,” Jane exclaimed, “it’s perfect.”
He waited impatiently but a minute later F.R.I.D.A.Y pulled up a live video feed of Peter sitting on top of a sigh watching the damage of the plane. Tony let out a sigh of relief. “Happy come to the compound and get the suit,” Tony ordered.
They ate a quiet breakfast and Natasha asked him about his plans for the garden. Then Bucky and Steve arrived.
His mother laughed. “She’s good with your kid.”
Sam shrugged and Tony whipped his face. “No more magic people. I do science, not magic,” he kept muttering as he walked back inside.
“Wanda you flinched when you saw Sam and Clint training together,” Peter answered.
They ducked into a car and Rylie’s mother hugged him. “So are you going to visit me more now,” she asked.
Sam rubbed his face. “Recovering from the effects of trauma in the best circumstances is horrible. In Loki’s case, he is surrounded by people who were once his enemies an now act as his caretakers. There haven't been any interactions to help bridge that change either. His brain is constantly telling him he’s in danger whenever he interacts with people, so when that’s over he shuts down. I’m not that surprised honestly.”
“It’s on our list though,” Bucky added.
Tony dropped his wrench. “How dare you,” he spat waving a finger at the super soldier, “who owns movies anymore? Get to the future Cap we stream things now. Jesus! You know what order a pizza if you can figure it out. We’re watching the Incredibles.  F.R.I.D.A.Y cue up Incredibles.”
Good then. He looked like he could use sleep. “Tell me if he wakes up before the morning,” he ordered.
“Yes,” Loki answered.
“I wouldn’t have, but Odin summoned us,” she answered.
“Nick Furry and Michelle Jones,” F.R.I.D.A.Y announced.
He planted himself by my side and said he supposed we both had something to prove. I didn’t really think much of it at first, but generally, I try to be pretty chill, so I brushed it off. It was weird as hell though, at first. And we talked, and it wasn’t long before I realized he was flirting with me and every other guy. It was pretty ballsy. During that time it was still not entirely legal for an openly gay guy to serve. But Rylie was the best shot out of everyone there including the guys in charge, and he’d have had the fastest time for running, by a mile,  if I wasn’t there, and everything else we matched for. That night he stood up on a table announced in the most disruptive way possible that he was gay as fuck and anyone who had a problem with that had tonight to deal with him and if he was still here by the morning he wasn’t going to deal with anyone’s shit.
They all shrugged. “Yeah but we have family back home,” Sam answered, “it’s fine to not want us around man, but most of us still have people waiting for us to get home.”
I’m laying in bed right now and I’m thinking about the way your eyes get darker when you're sleep deprived. How you bite your bottom lip when your tinkering on Peter’s suit. I miss you, and I hate that. I still kind of hate you.
Eventually, the other man fell back asleep. Sam put him back in bed and cleaned up the bathroom before going back to his bed.
“Shit,” Scott yelled for the third time that night scrambling, “I’ll get Steve!”
“No,” she answered.
Cooper and Lilia ran through the room. Lilia stopped when she saw Wanda and waved a paper in front of her. “Wanda! I drew a picture for you,” she exclaimed, “see Mommy has Nathaniel and Cooper is next to her, and I’m next to Daddy and so are you and then there's Aunty Nat next your other Daddy!”
“So Space Girl,” Tony turned his attention to Jane who was gently coming through a sleeping Darcy’s hair, “how long are you visiting, and honestly why?”
“Shit,” Natasha hissed, “what happens if it doesn’t.”
Loki woke up laying in a bed far too big and far too white to be the one he had been sleeping in. The previous day rolled over him. Stupid sorcerer.
Sam slowly spun Natasha as the music faded and was rewarded with a breathless laugh. She released him and set the French toast on the table. Sam divided up their bacon and followed her to the table. “I didn’t recognize that dance,” Loki announced a frown on his lips but his eyes were sparkling.
“F.R.I.D.A.Y have this photo printed and framed,” he ordered.
Sam took in a deep breath. “Alright,” he agreed trying to think of something that Loki might like besides the gardens and books.
“Oh that’s awesome,” Peter giggled, “can I see the film on that?”
Tony nodded and waved the other man out. As soon as he was gone Rhodey moved his hand from Peter’s mouth and pulled the boy into his arms. “The Rouge Avengers have been officially pardoned, and are allowed to return to the states. They’re not all coming back at once, but they are returning. Your father is a nervous wreck,” he muttered.
And the second day was great too. Natasha made pancakes and they ate together which was really cool and she sung softly in Russian as she cooked. They watched good morning America together which Peter didn’t really understand why that was so interesting, but afterward, she let him show her the Star Wars tv series of Cartoon Network which was awesome. And Natasha was awesome so who cares.
Sam sighed and looked around. They were right. It was only six and Loki started to wake up at eight usually. He’d see what he could get done by then. Turns out a lot could be done. His cell phone started to ring around seven thirty-five, seeing that it was from Natasha he swipped answer and watched her face pop up on the screen. “Do you have food,” she demanded.
Steve: Why am I even friends with you?
“So what’s the neighborhood like around here,” he asked.
The door slid open and Princess Shuri the most intelligent person in the world swept in. Sam flinched. It was very hard to dislike Shuri. Besides intelligent, she was kind and funny, if not a bit brutal. Though Sam wasn’t keen on her getting in the middle of one of the super soldier's fights.
“His name is Peter Parker and he’s fifteen.”
Sam heard the other car door shut. Wanda stoped walking. She stared at Loki for a moment as he stared hard at the ground. She made a soft cooing sound and walked straight over to him. “Hi, Lo,” she greeted and kissed his cheek, “thank you for coming to see me.”
Wanda jerked her arm away taking a few steps back and looking at the man who addressed her. “I’m Professor Rodger Mull and I was hoping you could help me.”
Loki shook his head no and Sam walked out. Loki sat in the middle of his bed for another couple of minutes. Then he got up and showered as well before he headed to the kitchen. Natasha was sitting over a pot of coffee. “Why do you not take care of that pretty hair of yours,” she demanded not looking up from the book sitting in front of her, “I can feel those knots from here. Go sit on the stool.”
“Wow. You really do have the little shit," Jane announced as Loki followed Tony into a living room, “and here we thought you were dead. Again.”
Steve wasn’t really sure when they started to think of Peter as their kid, but it had happened. Probably after the first week and they stalked Facebook. It wasn’t creepy. They were just making sure they could help the masked superhero in every way possible.
Tony felt like he should be offended. He was known for his wit! But between wit and his apparent big heart, Bucky had noticed the other. He was about to make a quick response, but they had already reached the plane and Bucky was gone and Tony hadn’t realized it.
Loki nodded. “Do you want to come in,” Sam offered.
Loki nodded and skittered out of the room. She turned on Sam. “Are you going to tell me that thing after you’ve told your mother,” she asked.
Sam rubbed his eyes and yawned. “And what’s he doing?”
He cast his eyes down. “Some like to play trust games. Pretend they don’t get off on pain. That they care and nurture then they can get off on the pain they caused by their betrayal.”
Neither Loki nor Sam slept well that night. Plagued by nightmares they ended up on the couch watching Step It Up 2 and 3. Natasha found them asleep on the couch and set herself to making breakfast.
Fury was kind about it, but the firmness was there. Ever present and undefinable. Natasha stopped playing with Loki’s hair. “Nick,” she warned in a growl.
“Nervous, but we are building up to everything, right? Steve and I do therapy every week so we are working place. I’m pretty sure Natasha and Pepper are writing speeches to yell at all of us. But I have a second teenager coming to live with us in a new house and I’m moving Peter, but yeah that’s great,” Tony answered.
Steve popped up behind the pair and Tony pointed a finger at him. “Don’t you dare Rogers!”
“Why doesn’t Loki come to school with me,” Peter asked twirling around on a spinning chair on New Years, “we’re known as a STEM school, but they’ve opened up an arts section of school as well. It’s supposed to foster diversity of ideas and encourage partnership between multiple industries, or something.”
Natasha shrugged and Sam picked Loki up. “I’m going to start an Avenger’s Dad group chat,” Tony announced as he followed Steve and Peter out of the room.
“Well ladies and gentle it appears like we are joined by Captain Rodgers and Sergeant Barnes, but before that a commercial break.”
Loki nodded. “Thank you.”
“Thanks,” Sam answered.
“I don’t have one,” Peter answered slowly.
Sam rubbed his eyes again. “I have West Side Story on DVD we can watch that after breakfast,” he offered, “Bucky gave me Hair Spray as well. So we got some options. If you like that well enough I’ll get Tony to get us some of the other ones and Peter can find bootlegs.”
Tony quirked up an eyebrow. Loki shrugged. “I was gonna say that the parent instincts, I have somehow, developed tell me to warn you away from my kid, but they are new and need some fine tuning and you can’t even defend yourself, so you can’t hurt him and since you said that and didn’t drive him away that means you’ve seen the R5 videos and I’m rambling.”
Wanda’s smile flattered for a second. “I believe the wording did not translate,” Vision pointed out.
Bucky grinned. “I can have a Twitter now,” he announced.
“The Neighborhood,” Tony answered, “the tower was too crowded, and the compound was too cold.”
“That’s it,” she asked, “you just agree?”
“He knows that Odin is dead and you handed him away to his enemies,” Bucky interrupted, “he knows that’s what Odin told him you would do. He thinks you’re following in your father’s footsteps, dressing him up in a spell, a muzzle, chains, and a damn book to control him so you can whore him out. So you can use him and dispose of him as needed. All those skills he learned lying and tricking and stealing and pleasuring men for your use to gain power and territory.”
Loki felt a tear in the space of the house and felt himself pale. Wanda touched his shoulder. “What’s wrong,” she asked.
“Me either,” Sam agreed, “but basically the government here is pretty shitty and everyone wants the record that I married Rylie to be available to the public so we’re going to fight them.”
Bucky, Steve, and Tony listened to Peter fondly, but they were distracted when Bucky’s phone rang. He answered it. “Why do I have to find out from American News and Twitter that you and Steve got engaged,” she demanded.
They all nodded. “Good,” Sam stated and walked out.
“So,” Sam called walking in.
“Do you do structural refracturing?” Tony asked a few moments later when the children stopped for breath.
Peter tisked. “That’s ballzy with the Cheeto stirring things up.”
“What did he say about moving in?” Sam questioned.
Steve laid back on the couch and opened up the group chat. He found the link after a bunch of pictures of Doritos from Clint and Sam yelling in all caps DAT ASS THOU.
Sam brought Loki back to his room and went back to the meeting room. They all looked pale. “Do you believe me now?”
Loki went shake her outstretched hand, but as soon as his fingertips brushed against hers she froze. Loki jerked back, but she closed her hand around his wrist. Loki froze as he searched her eyes. “Magic Child?” He asked.
He checked how many followers Bucky had, which was thirteen million. Tony groaned. “Pep!”
“You’ve been quiet Tony,” the reporter noted, “how do you feel about Captain America coming back with the Winter Soldier?”
Wanda laughed. “You must watch the news with Steve when he arrives,” she noted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised when Thor arrived three days later. Steve was getting into one of the ranch house kitchens to look for Clint's secret stash of girl scout cookies when he saw the Thunder God sitting at the bar eating a pop tart. “Uh, Thor?”
Natasha started to stroke her hand through his hair gently massaging the scalp. She used to do that when they all lived together whenever she was listening to something. She liked to keep her hands busy. He stopped wearing product to her hands would come up clean.
Loki sunk to the ground in a fit of sobs his chest heaving. Thor texted Natasha. “Natasha is coming to get you,” Thor announced, “I am going to go release the bindings. I admit I do not fully understand this, but I am sorry for my part in it. When you are ready to speak with me again I will be waiting.”
Bucky’s eyes were hard, focusing on the tv, Sam watched Bucky countdown the seconds until Steve’s inevitable meltdown. Shuri spoke up first in a moan. “Peter is not supposed to die before I can turn him into my sidekick slash science friend.”
They arrived at the first door on the second floor and Chase unlocked it. “Well my wife and I just found out that she’s pregnant,” he answered.
“I will shoot you,” Sam growled.
Loki pulled his knees up to his chest out of Sam’s reach. “Which is fine,” Sam added, “but you need to eat. Man, you look like you haven’t eaten in weeks. You didn’t look like that when you arrived.”
Sam and Bucky tensed. Pepper smiled. “He’s fine,” she assured them, “you seemed very worried about him in your letters.”
Sam bit his lip. “I’m in here Lo,” Sam called back bracing himself.
Bucky just grinned. Natasha arrived next plopping herself into Bucky’s lap and started complaining in rapid Russian. They banter for a moment before Steve butted in and they glare something fierce, except for Sam whose face was scrunched like he didn't have the same grasp on the language as they did. “This is bullshit,” Sam decided, “how am I supposed to keep up with your super serums brain.”
“Tony why is my suit tighter,” Steve asked walking into the lab wearing his suit.
"Great” Rhodey exclaimed, “you can give them this then.”
“Hi,” he answered getting up and shutting off the tv.
Sam dodged out of the way of his coworkers as they tried to steal his phone again.
“I don’t understand,” Loki admitted, “neither frost giants nor Asgardians look likes elves. And I don’t understand what Lord of Rings you are talking about.”
“Get out,” Natasha repeated.
There was a snorting at the Icesicles joke. “And how did you resolve your argument about the Accords,” the reporter pressed.
Tony swung the door open. “What’s your obsession with green Lo,” he asked but didn’t stop talking, “Jane and Darcy just arrive and since your well enough to be up and moving your well enough to come and greet them.”
The reporter did a double take. “Don’t drink Clint’s coffee. It’s poisonous,” Rhodey explained to her.
Tony sputtered. Bucky smiled. “You’re not good with people,” he noted.
“Good,” Peter agreed, “you look better.”
Then he slipped away. Tony looked at the bottle of vodka longingly before picking it up and headed back to the bar. Both Clint and Scott were working now. Tony signed over at Clint, but it was Scott who made his way over. “My Boss hates you,” he announced happily grabbing the vodka, “is this Natasha’s?”
“Well, I have who knows how many properties I could live on,” Tony responded, “if he wants another place to crash who am I to blame him?”
Tony’s mouth opened in an O shape and he clamped it shut again. “Is he serious,” he demanded as Steve’s eyes widened.
“Always,” Steve answered, “jerk.”
Loki shrugged and made sure his magical walls were still intact. “Someone might want to catch her,” he suggested as Wanda magic started to snap out of him.
Bucky just grinned wider. “And since I know the house is a bit small I made sure to get you a big kitchen,” he answered pulling out a bird feeder.
She flipped through the pages and suddenly a hologram popped up. A young dark-haired boy went flying across the scene and a large blond man walked after him. “Say it,” he demanded.
Everyone stared at Thor then at Loki and back at Thor. “I’m sorry you want what,” Tony demanded, “you want us to allow the guy who tried to take over our planet, destroyed New York, and attack us into our home.”
“Our argument wasn’t really about the Accords. We were both at a bad place in our lives and the Accords was the realization of all the issues we hadn’t taken care of. Like I said before it’s been a lot of therapy for us.”
Suddenly Brunnhilde’s comment made sense. Sam set the hot chocolate down in front of all of them and took his seat. “I think I do not have a proper understanding of what happened,” Loki admitted after a long sip, “and I should have known this. Thor is a horrible liar. But I don’t understand what did happen.”
Bucky shrugged. “Fuck Hydra,” he answered.
He watched Sam’s lips tip up into a smile. Bucky for his part looked torn between surprised and horrified. “We’re not closing for another couple of hours and Steve gets home this morning,” Sam announced, “feel free to come in or you can come back at four if you want.”
“In secret behind Frigga and Thor’s back, Odin made me to be Thor’s tool. The creature that will show him how to become a barbarian. I did everything to prevent that day from coming. I’ve used my lying and tricks and cleverness to keep Thor off the throne to keep him from becoming Odin. I killed Laufey in order to assure that. And it was wasted. All I did is wasted.”
On the other hand, Shuri had developed a connection with Bucky somehow and had him wrapped around her little finger. Sure enough at her call, he came trotting out of the kitchen.
Sam tried not to groan. “You want to tell me something and don’t act surprised that I know because we both know that I know when any of my kids are troubled,” she scolded shutting the door.
Wanda took a step back. “I’m studying the effects of trauma on the brain and how electricity affects these reactions. I want to try an experiment on you.”
Sam held in a sigh. “We’ll be there Mom,” he answered, “Lo is helping Natasha with the dishes, we’ll be heading over soon.”
Loki waved her goodbye and went to see if he could find anything on cactuses in his new book collection before he tried the internet like Bucky has shown him.
The Avengers looked between Wanda and Loki. “That does explain a few things,” Vision admitted.
“Yup,” Bucky agreed popping the P.
Still, Bucky meet his eyes and started to juggle the knives not even looking at them. Steve was hopelessly in love with him. They weren’t together. Not really. Neither of them were ready for a relationship like that. Not that Steve thought Bucky remembered that they had been in a relationship before.
They sat in the car until Wanda cried herself out. “Sorry,” she muttered wiping at her eyes.
Natasha and Wanda were already in France getting their covers ready. Sam thought it was a terrible, brilliant, thing when Steve and Natasha got plotting. Clint and Scott would be joining them next week.
“I’m the one with the attitude problem, Stevie’s just a little shit.”
Stay safe
“I talked to Tony earlier. He said that Pepper wants to take you out clothes shopping.”
“You asked,” Tony defended smiling as the way Peter's face went red.
Steve grinned at him while Alex and Dax roared with laughter. “Lo, you wound me. First the eggplant and now this,” Bucky snickered.
Considering the fact that she had texted him three hours ago asking if Peter would be there when she arrived Tony would say yes. “I don’t see why she wouldn’t.”
She patted the spot over her heart. “So tell me all about it. Now that you’ve confessed, you aren’t getting out of it.”
“A new start,” Steve answered following Chase up the steps, “what’s making you leave?”
Sam: I don’t know you’re the one that stalked my house.
“A consent,” Loki asked.
“I agree with Natasha,” Loki answered disineterested in goats even if the babies were cute.
Thor jerked away disgust written on his face. “You think I want that,” he demanded rising to his feet.
The cup cracked, but the coffee stayed there frozen making a soft thunk. “I want to stay,” he answered.
She smiled. “Where is my new little brother,” she demanded her eyes going a little sad at the word brother.
Loki hesitated but he was too enamored by the garden to not explore. Loki was naturally curious. It bit him in the ass more often than not. But he couldn’t curb it. No matter how hard he had tried. Loki explored the garden until the sun started to set. “Loki” Sam called “yell if you are alive.”
Steve had started to learn Russian after he meet Natasha but increased his study once he first saw Bucky.
“I am Loki of Asgard and I am burdened with glorious purpose.”
“Sure,” Sam agreed, “do you cook much?”
“Lunch,” Rhodey suggested.
Sam glanced over at Loki. What could be said? “Lo’s a prisoner of war,” he announced deciding it was close enough to the truth, “his family left him with us to help him,” also close enough to the truth.
“Steve did a lot of research,” Bucky answered, “and of course Natalia helped.”
“It's a date,” Tony agreed with a wink.
Clint gulped when he saw Tony. “Well, I need a drink. Tony, you drink scotch don’t you?”
He’s an alien who’s over a thousand years old, and has one of the most fucked up past in history. He kind of destroyed New York a little, but that wasn’t his fault, and if I had a guess if it wasn’t for a bunch of really old spells that kept him under chain he would be one of the most powerful people in the galaxy.
Wanda frowned. “Which one,” she repeated, “I don’t understand.”
“Thank you,” Wanda breathed.
Peter stuttered and Happy gruffed. “Good luck,” he said handing Peter his bag.
“Apparently not,” Peter answered shooting Tony a look, “and besides we just got here like two hours ago and Dad wouldn’t let me explore until you arrived so, but Mom said you should relax, so I guess we are watching a movie.”
The three of them sneered, but somehow it was friendly. The way three people who had known each other for eternity looked at a new member.
Peter waved his hand at him. “Yeah But Cap is the bisexual to end like all bisexuals. Mj has made Ned and I read three books about it and it’s totally confirmed now which is amazing. You have no idea how many trashy books I read when I was younger because Cap is bi as hell and was part of my sexual awakening.”
Tony laughed. Trust Peter to not realize he had called him Dad and not even realize it. “I’m going to go call Aunt May Dad” Peter announced and ran out of the room.
Steve looked around. “Really Tony, what else is there that brought you here?”
It did not matter. Loki copied their plates. People liked it better when you copied them. They felt more at ease that way. Wanda waved him over to the corner where she sat with Vision so Loki obliqued and joined her. “Hey Loki,” Wanda greeted.
“Magic is different from science because science is measurable and exact and unchanging. Magic has a mind of its own and changes depending on the relationship of the user and wielder. Everyone is capable of wielding magic through careful study, but there are those of us who are born with true magic. Magic that wiggles and waves and becomes a part of us just as much as our bodies.”
“I’ll get Sam then?”
“Well, really he helped me. I was cooking and Bruce came in and asked if I was making anything, not meat related because he’s a vegetarian. I told him he could help me make those dishes," Wanda corrected.
“A what? I don’t have friends?”
“Not the mind reader,” Sam snorted, “more of what?”
They left and a moment later Thor walked in. His hair was still short, but it looked better styled now. He was wearing black sweatpants and a sweatshirt. “Your fashion sense is horrendous,” Loki complained.
Tony dragged himself to his feet and slumped against Rhodey. Rhodey laughed. “I should be the emotional one right now.”
Sam was silent for a long moment taking the bird feeder in his other hand. “Thanks, Jackass,” he answered finally.
“Alright Kiddo calm down,” Tony laughed ruffling his son’s hair, “it’s a surprise.”
Against popular belief, Tony could cook. In fact, he insisted on cooking family dinner on Saturday nights. Pepper and Rhodey said that Tony was in a much better place than he had been when he first became Iron Man and needed to be reminded to eat. Not that wasn’t still a problem but F.R.I.D.A.Y now reminded Tony and if he ignored her then Steve would go down to the lab to get him. Still, he could find Tony dancing around this kitchen making dinner.
Natasha’s angry maternal instincts, which she didn’t like admitted she had, got kicked in the face after spending an afternoon with Loki. They didn’t speak much, she just showed him Midgardian knives and weapons.
He did as she requested and then they went to breakfast together. “Well don’t you look like a pair,” Tony announced.
“Kat King,” Tony exclaimed understanding that much of what the former assassin had said, “why isn’t he with his bae?”
Everyone left the room besides Natasha. “I’m going to make comfort food,” she announced.
“You are putting him in these outfits for blackmail material right,” Rhodey demanded.
Steve: Shit.
Right he was the little shrinking one. Everyone was quite insistent that Steve was in love with him, but whatever. Liars or something like that.
“LOKI!”
Sam groaned and got to his feet. Steve and Loki were waiting at the landing pad. Loki rushed up to Sam the second the door finished opening. “I’m home,” Sam grumbled encosing the boy in his arms.
Loki followed Sam to the couch and sat on the floor next to Sam’s feet. Natasha and Steve stared at him. It was what Bucky had done with Steve when he was set free. He hadn’t believed he deserved comforts even when there was plenty available. Then Bucky walked in. He was stiff wearing a pink hello kitty sweater and a purple skirt because he had no sense of fashion when he didn’t want to. His hair was pulled up and was carrying the fuzziest blanket that Sam had ever found and given away as a gift.
Bucky and Steve were the last to leave. Daniel stopped them on their way out. “Captain Rodgers, Sergeant Barnes,” he said shaking their hands his own shaking violently “Thank you. It means so much to people like us. My partner... he, uh, tried to kill himself when he was sixteen because he was such a huge fan of you, but his parents convinced him that he was going to hell and that you would hate him, hate people like us. So really thank you,” his voice shook, “it means the world to us that you’d share this.”
The commercial break went on and Bucky slaughtered over to the interviewer. He leaned his full weight into the man’s face. “If you ever make our girl uncomfortable like that again we are going to have a big problem,” he warned.
He starts to tell the story from his point of view. “So Scott and I are drunk out of our minds talking to the next bar,” Clint announced, “and we walk past another bar on the way and suddenly Steve’s turning to go in there. Except it’s obviously a gay bar there’s a big pride flag and everything. Scott and I got no clue what to do or what’s going on. We hadn’t known Cap that well back then, no one had. So Scott and I sober up in about a second and then go down to case a super Soldier down, ‘cept there’s this guy who’s got his hands around Steve’s waist and they’re both kind of laughing until the man kisses him and dances away.”
Bucky wrapped his arms around Steve as Steve took in a deep breath of air.
Loki froze the cup ice crinkling over it until it was a frozen cube. “Thor did not know,” he stated.
Shuri was silent for another moment. “I want to meet Peter,” she answered, “but I am not a doctor. I’m agreeing to this because I admire your Colonel Rhodes. Not because I think you can give me anything I want.”
“Well, I was worried about that for a while too,” Peter agreed flipping over a plate in his hand and letting it rest in his palm, “but then I kind of realized that nothing is going to leave me unless I want it to, so...”
Thor nodded. “Besides Loki cannot harm you,” he announced, “I have had an old spell placed on Loki traps his magic and prevents him from hurting anyone. I’m sure you’ll find Loki quiet pleasant. Which is also why I brought him to you in the most non-threatening way as possible.”
Sam snorted and sent Dax and Alex away so he could finish paperwork. Thirty minutes later Sam was distracted again and in the lobby throwing pens at Alex while Dax laughed at them. “Sam!”
Thor gulped. “What do you want now,” Thor asked, “I can not make up for the past, but I will help to ensure you of your freedom.”
“Might want to hear the story before you apologize, buddy,” Darcy exclaimed patting the demigod’s shoulder, “let’s go to the Ranch House.”
“Then what,” Sarah inquired, her natural curiosity coming out in full storm.
“I don’t,” Sam stated firmly, “and no one else does.”
Loki gave Sam and hopeless look but nodded at Natasha. He watched Natasha maneuver the teen over to the stool. He sat rigid and tense. She mumbled in soft Russian. Clint tossed her a hairbrush. Natasha ran her fingers through Loki’s hair keeping up her soft mumbling.
Natasha came in before anyone could say anything else. “There you are,” she exclaimed, “let’s get breakfast Lo and I’ll tell you the plans for today!”
Fuck you. Seriously you can just fuck off. There is no way in hell you ever deserved Steve, not that I do either, but that’s another story, who did you think you were messing with. Steve if a fucking person. A person Stark, not like you would understand that. He’s so mad and pissed off at you, you have no idea. Don’t worry though I’m going to enlighten you. Buckle up, sweetheart. And what the hell is wrong with you bringing that kid into battle. I could have hurt him! Jesus, Stark. That was just an asshole move on all parts. Good job winning that custody battle, you dick. Here’s the letter that Steve should have sent you, but you know he’s such a good person he would rather make peace than take care of his own feelings.
“Anything you want Ma’am.”
“That you’re wrong. You think your right. And that makes you dangerous,” Peter responded honestly.
I hope you all enjoy. I'm writing this, and I know it's pretty jumbled, but it's basically a world-building activity for me. I'll spruce this up later, but I wanted to get it on paper and out there, so here's the start. Sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes.
“Yeah,” Peter agreed, “it’s in my backpack.”
Loki stuck his tongue out at him. “I’m going on lunch,” Sam told Dax and Alex, “I’ll be back in an hour.”
Steve smiled. “What is he too slow for you?”
Neither Sam nor Natasha said anything waiting for Loki to ask. “Did you know I was missing this?”
Loki nodded so Sam picked him up. “Thank you, Thor,” Sam said, “but we’re tapped out for today.”
“Furry was the Director of S.H.I.E.L.D,” Clint put in, “most badass dude around. Bucky tried to kill him once and he’s been under ground ever since.”
Tony hung up and started a long night of phone calls.
Bucky shot Clint in the chest looking up at Steve. “What are you my mother,” he demanded.
Tony gasped. “No,” he yelled, “there is already one teenager in this household who is not attending and I will not tolerate a second. I have a legacy to uphold here.”
Bucky thanked whatever god was out there that Steve had not been present to hear that. His metal arm would have been crushed again. “He what,” Sam exclaimed, “Peps if you don’t start to buy him parenting books I will.”
“Would you like some help,” Loki asked.
“Mmh. Okay,” Loki agreed and his eyes drifted shut again.
“I plan on it,” Sam answered, “thank you for taking him out tonight.”
Sam shrugged. “Odin abused him” he answered “other than that I’m not sure. Some really fucked up abuse.”
“Don’t ask me,” Sam answered, “ask me to fly a wingsuit. I don’t know a damn thing about magic and powers and I’d like to keep it that way.”
Sam rubbed his face and stretched out on the couch. Loki climbed to his feet moving his body in a few slow motions. Then he popped his body the same way the dancers had.
Sam fused slightly glaring at the pale walls, Somehow it wasn't enough. Loki deserved more. “I miss the days were my biggest concerns were war veterans,” he grumbled.
Wanda felt her throat close and Laura pulled the younger women closer raking her fingers through her hair. Wanda let herself be overwhelmed and drifted into sleep.
“We’ve never been on a date with Tony.”
“I’ve never not been in love with him,” Steve answered.
Loki frowned. “That is a strange little job,” he decided.
She meant Peter. “Where is Vision,” he shot back.
Chase gave him a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry for your loss,” he answered.
Loki rested his chin on Sam’s shoulder and Sam felt almost giddy despite the stress. The fact that Loki felt like he could touch Sam proved that Loki was making progress. Could Loki leave the Neighborhood? They would have to test it. “Lo and I will talk about coming down for the day, and if we come we’ll take one of the quinjets. I’m sorry Mom.”
Steve gave Tony the address and then said, “I’ guessing his parents are dead and he’s being raised by his Aunt May. His Uncle was the victim of a fatal mugging a year ago which is when the Spider-Man activity started so I’m guessing no one knows.”
Wanda stood to Tony’s other side. The helicarrier landed. Wanda squealed as Sam popped his head out, but wait patiently. Sam went right to her and Peter watched with amazement as The Falcon spun Scarlet Witch around like they had grown up together. Ned would be so jealous.
Sam should have known his mother would do this with his siblings at her heels. “Sarah is making calls at home now,” Mom told him, “the whole community is up in arms. I’m sorry to tell everyone baby, but once you said something at Thanksgiving to the family that secret was gone and you better know that.
Steve hesitated intertwining his arms with Bucky’s. “Are you sure you’re ready for this?” He asked.
Sam flicked on his meditation playlist as Loki continued to shake in his arms. Eventually, Loki drifted off to sleep. “Do you think Thor knew,” Natasha asked.
Despite what his words suggested Steve knew that Bucky had been having a hard time earlier. Bucky nuzzled into Steve’s neck until Steve tickled him.
“I doubt that,” Loki answered.
Steve and Bucky had locked themselves in their house, blocking all entry. Apparently seeing Loki had triggered something about Bucky, but that was the only message that Steve had sent and he wasn’t communicating anymore. So everything was a question mark.
“Doesn’t that get confusing?”
“That was a very subtle threat,” Scott mouthed off.
“Thanks,” Steve answered.
Steve offered Thor and Brunhilde a sympathetic tour of the Neighborhood while Natasha rushed back to Sam’s house. Loki was fast asleep in his bed with Sam carefully keeping watch.
Sam had been on fifteen different news shows in the last two days explaining his case to the American people. He had gone on Ellen
Odin made him that way. But it was still who he was. “You’ve sucked at those descriptions lately," Natasha chuckled.
Loki nodded and Sam took in a deep breath. This would probably work out fine.
Pepper pulled back and stroked his hair. “You can call me anything you are comfortable with,” she swore, “but it makes me very happy that you think of me as a mother like figure.”
Sam’s mother called at ten. “Are you on your plane yet,” she demanded, “where’s my Lo? How is he? You better be here by twelve.”
“Anything you need,” Thor promised.
“Good morning,” Bruce greeted walking in.
“What’s your job,” Loki asked Sam.
“No, they are hanging out with this girl Michelle now. It’s kind of weird and it’s more like she has decided to exist in their space, but it works.”
“Yeah, tell that to all the hickeys on my neck,” Bucky snarked.
A warm hand touched his head brushing at his hair. “Sleep.”
“Why do you and Nat get some then,” Clint demanded as Sam took a sip of Natasha's coffee.
Natasha smacked her hand to her forehead and Peter flinched. “Sorry?”
Thor departed after that and two minutes later Loki felt his magic being released allowing him full control over it, rather than the partial control he previously had. It came back to him like air after drowning. Once that registered in his mind he was gone. Natasha and Sam were furious when their child was not where Thor had claimed he would be. Tony hoped he never saw Sam that mad ever again.
Then he fell. And I couldn’t save him.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “It would if I was sexting someone.”
Sam realizes how big his family is and how much they support each other.
That’s how the Accords fiasco started and Tony remembered why he didn’t always get along with Steve. He was such a stubborn ass, but he wouldn’t let their son into get into a fight right? He just needed a few minutes to talk and make the Captain see reason.
After the finished breakfast, Sam plus Loki with the blanket made their way out of the house. “We can walk or we can ride over,” Sam informed Loki who only shrugged.
“What happened? Besides the accords,” Peter asked.
“He thinks you’re going to abuse him,” Bruce stated.
Bucky lifted his eyebrows in his clear, ‘I can’t believe how stupid you are look.’ “Yeah we did, and it was a date.”
The four of them started at Loki’s body in horror. “He’s a frost Giant,” Darcy muttered.
“The only person I would trust to supervise you in my labs flew off in a quinjet years ago,” Tony exclaimed.
Loki groaned. “That can’t be comfortable. Let’s get you to the coach if you're going to sleep here.”
Tony obeyed and broke down in sobs as well.
On the left cuff, it read. Will
There had never really been a distinct date in which they were suddenly a couple when they hadn’t been beforehand. They had always been together. It had always been Steve and Bucky and they loved each other more than anything. There was no first kiss or a first date, or first time having sex to make a big deal of. They had never really kissed. Steve didn’t have any interest in that kind of thing. Bucky wasn’t particular about that either, he had gotten his satisfaction from other people and they had both been fine with that. So there was no anniversary date and they treated each day like the gift it was.
Ned swquaked. Peter hummed, “because violence isn’t easy for Wanda.”
“Pepper, Rhodey,” Sam replied with a nod of his head.
Sam looked at Lo over his nieces curly hair. He was frozen, looking confused and determined and a little scared. Sam wasn’t really sure how well Loki’s brain processed homosexuality and its history and cultural reactions on Earth. Sam figured that Loi thought that some men forced smaller men into sex, but men having sex was something taboo. He seemed alright with Steve and Bucky, but Sam supposed that was because they were both entirely equal that Loki wasn’t worried about a power imbalance. And his past relationship with Rylie didn’t both Loki either, but again they were equal footing. Sam wasn’t really sure if Loki knew that Darcy and Jane were together in the romantic kind of way, or if the atmosphere made him relaxed about the idea.
Peter gasped a little. “See you soon little Spider,”  Natasha cooed and hung up leaving Tony’s surprised and terrified face to fade into darkness.
“Oh,” Peter mumbled he looked back at the letters, “why were you kissing Captain America when you’re engaged with Pepper?”
Tony choked. Did Black Widow just apologize to him? “I’m not saying it again," she announced.
Sam raised an eyebrow. “Tony you have ADHD you hate waiting.”
Sam sighed and headed off to work letting Natasha in (like she needed someone to let her in).
“What’s an ADHD,” Bucky asked.
Steve huffed throwing both his arms up. “This is a joke right?”
She got up, but Clint tugged her back down on the couch and tears burst down her cheeks. He hugged her tight as she let out sob after painful sob. Rhodey wrapped his arms around her as well. When she finally cried herself out Rhodey meet her eyes. “You’ve been doing this for months Baby Girl,” he announced.
Natasha took a step between Loki and Clint and Sam was unsure who she was trying to protect. “That explains too much about the two of you,” Clint exclaimed paling.
She peaked at Steve’s drawing and then took a picture of it, before floating out the door. Bucky and Steve followed her.
Loki’s eyes filled with excitement. “I’ll take that as a yes then,” Sam pushed.
“Loki we aren’t going to hurt you, or lock you away,” Sam chided softly.
Bucky laughed and threw an arm over her. “What are you studying,” Tony asked a part of him desperate to know.
“So do I,” Thor agreed.
Loki scoffed and Sam shook his head. “It works well enough,” he protested.
Steve trailed off and he gave Sam a shrug. “Just make sure your all on the same page,” Sam suggested.
Sam walked away and into the kitchen to clean up from lunch. Natasha waltzed in thirty minutes later. She picked up the hand towel and started to dry. They were silent for a few minutes. “I left him in the living room watching hip-hop,” Natasha informed him.
“That was easy,” Clint said proudly picking up the bag Sam had brought in.
“I mean I could to,” Wanda answered.
“Cool,” Tony announced, “I’ll show you to your rooms then.”
“He started to yell about being betrayed when Thor told him about his plan,” Bruce interjected.
Nope, not going to cry. She looked absolutely terrified but Rhodey and Clint nodded. “I think we need ice cream,” Rhodey said voice choking back emotion.
“That wasn’t a play by play,” Bucky corrected “a play by play would be telling you where his hands were, where his mouth was going, how he licked-“
Sam got up and stretched following the pair out of the room. Jane and Darcy had left leaving only, books, clothes, and other things as proof of their presence. “You do really like green right,” Sam asked.
Despite the bickering, they were still smiling and Tony felt swallowed by the scene. He had tried to kill Bucky and he had hurt Sam. Yeah sure Bucky had killed his parents, but that wasn’t his fault and it took a lot of therapy for him to get to that point, but what he had done to Sam had been completely unnecessary. With no excuses that could be made.
Loki walked out of the garden. “Sam,” he greeted.
Tony leaned back. There was so much to think about in that, but there was something in that Tony knew he had already failed at. Steve’s warning had come too late. He had already taken the suit back.
By lunch, they’ve moved on from flowers to gardens. Fruits and vegetables. Loki sat with Bucky at the table poking through an ordering manual. “You are not growing cucumbers Bucky,” Steve snarled throwing a discarded sketch at him.
“Dorito,” Steve asked even though he knew he would regret it.
He offered his hand out to the other man. “Chase, good to meet you, Derek.”
“Oh this one is bad,” Clint exclaimed, “I hate it when you picked up a pretty little thing from a bar for a quick fuck and she gets angry when you demand ‘Present that pretty little ass you fucking cock slut-”
“What’s this,” Tony asked as Bucky walked back around the bar.
“Peps he has bed head,” Tony complained as they walked to a board meeting, “it’s like criminal. My bed head is a mess and it’s so sexy on him. Ugh,” Tony complained.
Sam laughed. “Steve is going to be so disappointed."
Wanda wrinkled her nose. “Gross Oče.”
“He is,” Natasha agreed, “but Bucky is doing better. He's doing great Sam. Maybe Loki won’t get any better, but at least he is safe here and you’ve given him the opportunity to get better whatever that means for him.”
Currently, Sam sat in the living room of the apartment that T’Challa had let them borrow. Steve and Bucky were sitting in the kitchen doing that thing when they both said nothing to each other, but they were saying a million different things anyway.
When they both woke up in the morning Bucky had over ten million followers on Twitter and Steve have almost nine million, which was interesting, to say the least. Bucky didn't think that was normal. There was a very adamant Tweet from Tony.
“Monogamy sucks,” he answered thinking about the love his life, “she’s on a date with Rhodey Bear right now. It’s date night for them. They need each other dealing with me,” Tony rolled his eyes, “they’re a good couple, but Pep is the one I want to marry. Like our relationships outside of each other are different and we have them and it’s great and healthy and we are happy, but I would go monogamous for her if that is what she wanted."
Loki stopped and looked for the supposed cameras. He couldn’t speak. The screams were still trapped in his throat. If he spoke he would lose it, and he wasn’t going to lose it. He still had some pride and vanity left after all. Loki shook his head no at the cameras. “Would you like to go to the main kitchen?”
Tony huffed and shook his head. “I’m sorry I tried to kill you.”
Tony took in a deep breath. “Right,” he agreed.
Wanda laughed. Peter was everything. He stopped his rambling as soon as she did his eyes wide and shining full of awkwardness, anxiety, and hope. She reached forward and ruffled his hair. “Please be my younger brother,” she requested.
As fall started to melt away Natasha left for a mission in Tokyo. It caught Sam off guard when he realized how much Loki missed her and how much he missed her as well. Despite that they went on with their lives. Natasha had important work to do and they would be ready when she came home.
“Get it off,” Steve ordered Tony knowing he would get the job done so he could take care of Bucky, “I’m taking him out.”
Aoyun nodded “I can’t believe it,” he whispered, “I can’t believe it.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Are you deaf and need me to say it clearer?”
Loki’s followed them. They arrived at a small room. A queen size bed a few dressers and a bathroom. “Well,” Tony whistled, “here's your room. You should probably shower and sleep. Dinner is at six F.R.I.D.A.Y can give you directions and she is your go-to gal if you need anything.”
His mother tutted and smiled, “hello dear. I just wanted to say hi. Don’t let Sam leave late.”
Clint snorted. “If you change your mind about the drink let me know, but I have to go, the masses want drinks.”
Bucky pulled something out of one of the bags. “I got you a new home,” he announced and handed Sam a birdhouse.
“I came to return this book,” Strange announced.
Loki packed away his memories one by one as he returned himself to the form that Thor had known him as. As the Asgardian Trickster. His heart hurt looking at his face. The light and laughter and fulfillment had never belonged on this face. Still, he was handsome and that had always been enough. He combed out his hair placing it just so and then he found the most desirable whorish outfit in his closet he could find. Blue with silver tracing, maybe that would please Thor. By the time Loki had fixed his appearance, he had finished packing the memories away.
“I know,” Steve sighed with a smile as his body relaxed and he knew he was never going to live this down.
Natasha pulled Loki out of the room as the pair started to bicker. Sam was out of the shower by the time they had finished setting up the table. Sam asked them about their day and after that, the table fell into companionable silence.
Tony turned off R5 and put him in the charging dock. Then he joined Pepper in the kitchen. Peter came running in as soon as the dinner touched the table. “Mom,” Peter exclaimed, “you'll never believe.”
Sam quickly learned that Loki had random good days and bad days. Good nights and bad nights. The good nights Loki slept through and the bad ones he woke up to Loki’s screams shaking the house. The good days Loki spent in his garden or Bucky’s, talking to Wanda and “training her” and Darcy when she showed up without Jane. The pair had moved in on Tony’s offer. Though the three of them only really understood what they were doing.
“Alright,” he agreed.
“Good morning Sam,” Loki answered.
“Am not,” Steve protested.
Loki set his book down and scrambled over to Bucky’s side. “We don’t really have a monarch so it’s not one leader and technically if we got pissed off enough they could kick them out. The general consensus is that Steve and Tony are the working pair, but if they didn’t have Sam and Rhodey they would break apart.”
Loki shrugged again. “He has been in pain.”
Sam chuckled. “Such is things. I’m going to go to my room to shower and get dressed. Do you need anything?”
Tony stared at the paper in his hand for another moment before daring to look up at Steve. Steve’s cheeks were red and tears were rolling down them, and Tony had no idea how to handle that and a sound that sounded like he was being strangled escaped his lips. Bucky was rubbing circles into his back not looking at Tony.
There was an awkward silence. Dummy brought over a milkshake and handed it to Steve. “Thank you,” he told the robot.
“Wh- What?” Daniel stuttered.
Steve sighed and slipped back into sleep. Bucky put the shield next to Steve and took a picture no caption needed.
Loki and Sam at dinner and lunch at Steve and Bucky’s and went back home to watch a movie with the rest of the team. After the movie Loki let Sam undo his hair and brush it out again.
Johnsons, Ramous, Scott, Muller, Parker, Kopankis, Webster.
Wanda shrugged. “Not really sure what to bring.”
Thor grabbed the chains at his feet and snapped them. Loki flinched and then his muzzle appeared. “You are a free man Loki,” Thor added and crushed the piece of metal.
He smiled. “You don’t ever have to call us anything, but we’re happy to be your parents as long as you want us in your life.”
“Peter! What is that!”
Emotional wasn’t really a problem yet. Loki went from screaming in his sleep trauma to removed from society trauma and that was about it for emotions. That and sleep.
Sam tended to agree. The “Kiss The Cook” was tacky not to mention it was in bright red black lettering surrounded by hearts.
Peter’s eyes grew. “I knew he wasn’t my hero for nothing!”
Then the fairy accident happened with Peter and Tony received another letter.
Bucky grunted. “Sometimes it helps.”
“Oh,” Bucky said again.
Sam chuckled. “Well I have an empty backyard if you want it,” he agreed.
“Natasha wouldn’t let me drink it if it was,” Wanda answered jutting her chin out.
Loki frowned. Wanting. He knew it. He did. He just didn’t know if he had the right to want anything. Bucky thought he did, but did that mean anything? Who was in charge here? When he had been to Earth the first time Tony and Steve had been in charge of their little team with the Tempter glaring at everyone. But maybe Sam was in charge now. Sam acted like he was in charge. Loki didn’t know. Sam was in charge of him.
“This is not funny Sam!” Bucky protested, “I am having a gay crisis!”
Which turned out to be a terrible mistake. Wanda continuously called them her dads to everyone but them. She would walk into a room and go where’s Dad to whoever was there.
“I know Nat,” Steve agreed, “and Bucky carries the same list in his purse. I’ll keep you updated.”
It turns out Peter and Shuri got along better than she had hoped. They texted every day and when she called Bucky she was beaming instead of looking steadily disinterested or like she was about to fuck someone over. Instead, she looked joyful, smiling softly and her wit was still sharp, but the playfulness didn’t hide any bitterness.
The best part was the small girl in Cap’s lap with a prosthetic leg and a smile of adoration toward Bucky that mirrored Cap’s. “Pep,” Tony whined, “he’s using kids now!”
“Don’t drink that.”
“How do I lose a lookalike contest when I’m the only non look alike,” Tony complained sitting on a chair watching Natasha pull a chalkboard out from behind a wall and add a new column to it giving it a mark.
“Healed,” Loki whispered.
When we kissed that first time. I remember a gasp far too small to come from your giant form and for a moment all I could see was the pictures of you where you were small and I was afraid that I would break you. But then you pressed yourself against me and I was swallowed by you. I wasn’t sure which image was true, the small boy or the large captain. And I remember not caring. Which I guess was my mistake. I remember staring at your lips during that whole damn movie because I wanted to kiss you more than anything, but I couldn’t tell if you were gay or homophobic and it was driving me crazy. And I guess that sums up our relationship, I reacted instead of asking and you took everything I gave anyways. Until you didn’t.
Tony’s face softened for a moment. “So did you get your Boyfriend settled in?”
“Good,” Bucky answered still distracted.
“And what if it’s trying to harm you, Natasha pressed.
Mind control is not something you can build a tolerance against, but there is a clarity you can gain, a version of control. When the Chitauri sent me here to take over I created a plan that would take me away from the scepter. If I could get away from it for long enough I could kill myself, or trick someone into doing it. Nothing went to plan. Or maybe it went exactly to plan. I was freed when Natasha stole the scepter and used it to break the portal. The spells tied to the scepter disappeared when that happened and I was free. But it was too late to do anything. I am a liar and a trickster,” Loki shrugged and curled his knees into his chest, “and Thor,” Loki shook his head violently, “he would not let me die. I wanted to see Frigga, so I didn’t fight.”
“Thank you,”  Wanda answered.
Tony turned the tv onto the news channel and saw his new plane up in flames on a beach. He swore. “Boss,” Happy grumbled, “I’m pretty sure the security cameras are showing Spiderman on the plane fighting some bird guy.”
“Why would he do that? I’d have healed in two days.”
Natasha strutted in. “Hello Mrs. Wilson,” she greeted, “are you doing the cooking today?”
“Why is Mj with him?”
She smiled. “Thank you Miss. Potts,” Bucky answered.
“Screw you, Stevie,” Bucky shouted, “I’m pretty sure my Ma told me to wash my sorry ass.”
Chase took him around the apartment. It was nice, cozy. A place to start a family. Chase invited him back I got the kitchen after the tour and offered some coffee. Steve took it gratefully.
“Of course,” Thor exclaimed, “anything you want from me.”
“Me too,” Tony answered, “and I missed you.”
Sam sucked in a deep breath. And suddenly Loki couldn’t stop talking. “Hel, Jörmungandr, and Fenrir were birthed by my first wife Angrboda. Heimdall saw my children raising above Odin and killing him so he banished them all to the land of the dead. Where they spend eternity suffering, but unable to die since they were sent there alive. My second wife, Sigyn, gave birth to the twins Nari and Váli. Odin forced Nari and Váli to fight to the death and they killed themselves rather than kill each other. Odin in a rage killed Sigyn. Then he bounded their intestines together and whipped me with it.”
The cup defrosted and Loki sighed. “What happens now then?”
“Great,” Sam answered.
By dinner, Loki had charmed everyone in the house, which didn’t surprise Sam one bit. He had expected Loki to do this. What he wondered was if Loki liked any of them back. There was no time to figure out though. After dinner, Sam’s mother called him into her room.
Natasha sat by his side looking down at their boy. “What do we need to do,” she asked.
By the time they reached pop and break dancing it was time for lunch so Sam paused the tv and the three of them headed back to the kitchen.
Just then Tony stalked out onto the porch. “This is going to sound horrible,” he declared and pointed at Sam, “why is there a black kid sitting with Wanda and Peter that looks like your son?”
He stuck there and kicked his legs up so his feet cling to the ceiling. Tony hadn’t replied yet. “Mr. Stark?” He looked down.
Peter jumped up and down fiddling with the settings. Bucky stood between Shuri and T’Challa and smiled. Steve nearly melted. Peter took a couple of pictures before Bucky pulled Steve into the mix.
For a couple of heartbeats, it was silent. “I think you need to go talk to them,” Peter stated.
Bruce would bring in a chess board and play chess with him, because no one else would, even Tony. Tony didn’t have the patience for chess.
Tony steady himself as Bucky lead him back up the stairs. He opened the second set of doors and Tony was assaulted by the lights and music. Bucky shouldered his way over to the bar.
“Would you?”
Afghanistan was rough. We got sent back stateside a couple of times. The last one we ended up in Vermont. It was legal for us to get married there so I dragged Rylie to the nearest damn church and we got married before the eyes of god and the law. When we got back everyone ignored the gold rings on our fingers and didn’t say one damn thing about the paperwork. Then we went back. Only suppose to be for a few months until we got released for good. Rylie and I kept dreaming of getting our heads back on and starting a family.
“Can he even leave the property,” Bucky asked from the back ground.
Steve looked out the window and sighed. “Do you think I’m doing the right thing,” Sam asked after a few minutes.
Pepper slapped his chest. “No,” Nick answered, “can’t a man visits his own family without the world having to end?”
“Like James Buchanan Barnes,” Bruce asked looking disturbed, “how?”
Lilia giggled. Steve felt blindsided over how well Tony was with her. Before, when he had seen Tony interact with kids Tony had been panicked and insecure. This was a nice change and very attractive in Steve's opinion. “Hey Lilia do you remember my friend Ice Man,” Tony asked glancing over at Steve.
Sam didn’t both to reply. Natasha’s phone chirped. “Darcy and Jane are back,” she announced and then added, “Loki and I picked out some clothes online this morning and I had them get those as well. I’m going to go help them unpack.”
“That’s disgusting,” Loki protested, “public theater should be free. It’s public.”
“You’re lucky I’ve known you since you were born or else I would have kicked your ass when I got back,” Sam told him with a laugh.
Natasha had assured Steve that Tony flirted shamelessly with everyone he met. Tony flirted a lot though.
“Pepper likes to dote on people,” Steve answered, “bonding and all that.”
T’Challa and Bucky hugged. “Of course,” Bucky agreed, “how is Queen Mother?”
Lilia looked over at Steve who nodded. She raced off. “In my defense, you never asked to see any of it,” Steve answered.
Bucky snorted, “minor in height,” he answered shifting to the side.
Mj snorted. “Sleep,” she ordered and hung up.
Tony sighed. “I mean- yes? Peter, what do you say instead of fuck?”
“Thank goodness I don’t have to teach you espionage. The other put on hats and sunglasses and call it good,” she exclaimed.
Tony huffed, “we went out on our first date three years ago, I went out with Bucky-Boo the first time two and a half years ago, and all three of us have been dating for two.”
And then Natasha was sitting outside waited for the car when they arrived. Which was scary, but not to bad. Not really. Peter had a game plan now. Well not really a game plan. He was really just going to babble like he usually did. That had worked with everyone else, right? And she had volunteered. So yeah that was the plan. Peter and Ned had spent the last three days gathering as much information about the Black Widow as they could and it was scarily impressive.
Peter finally got Loki to use mid guardian technology with Darcy and Jane’s help. Jane told Peter that Loki was probably confused because Asgardian technology was much more advanced. So Sam started to receive text and calls from Loki at work. A lot of the guys teased him about having a hot date, but Sam didn’t mind. He refused to confirm it much to their disappointment, well according to them, he didn’t have a date.
Sam sent the video off to the other Avengers just to show them. Show them that Loki had depth.
She arrived on a Thursday so Peter wasn’t at the Neighborhood when she arrived which sucked, but she was also a little scary which made Peter nervous.
He was not playing Kidz Bop, he just had a teen who liked to memorize the routines. Sam sat on the bed and opened the facetime app. His Mom and sister’s face peered at him on the screen. “You’re in trouble,” Sarah cooed.
He was almost at the bouncer when the drunks caught up to him and started to pull at his arm. “Uh no Captain,” Scott exclaimed and then hiccuped, “You don’t want to go in there.”
Bucky nodded and wrapped his metal arm around Sam’s shoulder. “Go to sleep Sam.”
It was silent for a good long while. Natasha and Helen ate the soup, they were hungry and Natasha supposed Mj wasn’t trying to poison them. “Hey guys,” Wanda greeted the younger teens.
“I got like half of what she said kid, it seemed like you got all of it,” Tony agreed.
“So you didn’t know you changed,” Sam asked as he started the golf cart.
“Left-wing,” Tony answered turning on his heel.
“Hey Pep.”
Bucky’s hands flew across his keyboard and suddenly pictures of goats showed up. “Goats,” he exclaimed happily.
“Where else would he be,” Clint asked.
Steve blushed. “Stark!”
Light danced in Bucky’s eyes. “Sometimes I just want to spend the day with you Stevie without thinking about bird brain 2.”
dancing, but also because Sam kept his word.
Bucky wondered how she got a hold of that news so fast as Shuri glared at him from the screen. “Well technically we’ve been engaged? We just couldn’t get married before? So I purposed again?”
“The usual ways people defend themselves.”
Then one day this guy shows up on the roof and Tony goes out to greet him. They walk into the kitchen together and the guy beams at Peter “I know you,” he exclaimed, “you’re adorable!”
“Hey, Becky!” A kid called walking over to the counter, “can I get a soy latte?”
“You didn’t. Not really.”
“Oh my gosh you’re the Big-Small dude,” Peter started to bounce up and down, “you stole Captain America’s shield from me and then you got really really big. How did you do that? What technology was that? That’s not one of Stark Industries inventions.”
Stark
Tony stumbled into the room. “Brucie!”
“Loki,” Natasha exclaimed kneeling down next to him, “Loki I need you to look at me,” she ordered as she waved Tony and Clint out of Loki’s line of sight, “please.”
Bucky took a picture. Steve groaned again. “Why are you on the floor. I have seats!” Tony demanded to wave an arm through the air.
“You’ll see,” Peter answered, “Mj might know more than Natasha when you look at it prospectively.”
“It’s about time you’re happy. You haven’t been well and truly been happy since we’ve known you and it’s good to hear that now.”
The small girl obeyed. “Do not get involved,” Loki warned Angrboda as the door flung open.
Rhodey looked over at Sam with a long-suffering look. “Can you save the racist Tweets until after we finished coffee,” Sam demanded.
And what did it matter anyway? Thor betrayed him, put him in this situation. Their mother was dead. Loki had nothing else to live for so what did it matter?
Both drunk men yelped and followed Steve inside. The music was pounding so loud it’s almost felt like his skull was on fire, and all the lights were blinding, but the air was clean. There was a stage for a band, we’re currently couples were grinding against each other next to dancing Drag Queens as the DJ played.
“Cool,” Peter whined, “she could kill me with just one look.”
“I walked into the apartment, the apartment I lived into, and you threw a knife at me,” Sam pointed out.
The bouncer raised her eyebrows at him and he handed over his fake ID. “And why wouldn’t I,” he asked as the bouncer handed his ID back.
“Anyways. I got you a present,” Steve told him.
“You’re okay with that,” Tony questioned.
“Not gonna marry you,” Wanda answered, “but good to know.”
be getting goats. Sam arrived home when Loki is helping Natasha make dinner. The truck horn blast and Steve and Bucky made their way out. Loki watched as the three men moved the planks from the truck to the yard. Natasha sat beside him and sighs, “they’re too pretty,” she complained, “no one should be that pretty and know it.”
Loki words dissolved into more sobs. Clint panicked. “Oh my god,” he muttered. “oh my god.”
Wanda smiled. “Good morning Peter.”
After I left the treaties fell apart and the Chitauri were forced to start long wars with their neighbors again. Meanwhile I worked to create a plan to keep Thor off of the Asgardian throne. When I knew my plan had worked out, that Thor was scared away from taking the throne and that he had found wisdom and mercy in his heart I let myself fall from the Bifröst. I hope that the void would bring me to death.
Tony sighed and rubbed his face. “Well that’s a question isn’t it?”
“How long has he been out here,” Steve asked eyeing the vigilante.
“You three,” Sam agreed, “are going to go bar hopping in Spain.”
Loki whipped tears away from his cheeks and Sam appeared like he always did. “Thank you” his whispered “I can’t thank you enough.”
“It’s good,” Chase answered, “I know it doesn’t look fresh, but since Spiderman came around crime rates have dropped dramatically. Everyone looks out for each other here. I have a closet filled with presents for the baby.”
Thor nodded. “I’ll prove that to you one day then,” he announced, “and I’ll come back to visit as soon as I can.”
He liked Tony’s wit, a lot actually, he just wasn’t sure if Tony would like his. He watched the banter drop from Tony’s expression.
What did he deserve to want? “When Steve got me into recovery that was a pretty hard thing for me,” Bucky announced sliding down to the floor, “some bad things happens to me and I was turned into a weapon for some very bad people,” Bucky gulped, “and I didn’t have things wanting it was beaten out of me, but then Steve and everyone else they got to helping me and taught me to recognize what I want and how to ask for it, and I know it’s not the same with what your dealing with, but I know that look and passivity might be easier, but it’s also not anything”
Steve would love to explain it all to him, but he didn’t have time and they were in the middle of a fight. “Look Kid. There’s a lot going on here that you don’t understand,” he wanted Peter out of this fight as soon as possible.
Sam sighed. “Dax, Alex, this is Lo. Lo these assholes are my co-workers Dax and Alex.”
“Well, the Tower obviously didn’t work. Not enough privacy, to close together. This has worked out a lot better so far,” Tony babbled.
Thor brings an unwanted surprise to the Neighborhood and Sam is way to use to broken people
“I believe your Midgardian law is that those under twenty one cannot drink your alcohol.”
Loki blinked again. “Oh,” he answered, “good morning.”
“Oh shit.”
Then he walked out of the room holding the bird merchandise like a prize. Maybe it was. Before Bucky hadn’t been much of a jokester like this and Steve found himself loving this new part of Bucky. “I’m gonna go sleep,” he announced, “why did shopping take so much energy?”
Sam laid in the room next door looking up at the couch. When F.R.I.D.A.Y alerted him to Loki walking up in a cold sweat and screams Sam ran into the room. “Loki. It’s Sam,” he yelled walking in.
Bucky laughed, “she got her hands on some adoption paperwork and convinced Mom to sign.”
Loki watched Bruce go. It felt like his last lifeline to his brother was gone. He locked his jaw and heard the sound of a book hitting a thigh and flinched. Thor hadn’t brought that had he? Loki looked into Tony’s hands. Yes, the book was there. Tony squinted at it. “How to take care of your Loki,” he read, “why in hell are you sitting on a throne?”
“Why would you pour all the coffee away,” Clint whined walking in “now I have to make a new pot!”
They kissed soft and slow. People clapped the interviewer teared up. When they separated Steve blushed and looked at the camera. “So I’m bisexual,” he announced his jaw locking.
“Understood,” F.R.I.D.A.Y answered.
She didn’t tell him that she was afraid of being alone. That she wasn’t sure if she could handle it when Peter left for the week. “Tell me about what you have been doing.”
“Not really,” Bucky answered shoving the bags onto the floor of the golf cart.
“The Universe believes that you are dead,” Thor pointed out, “and if you had come with me they would have found out the truth. I didn’t want to risk your life until we were settled. So I needed you to come here. And I needed them to be unafraid of you, but mostly I did not trust you.”
“Younglings who manifest with magic. Typically they do not have a mind stone awakening it,” Loki noted, “maybe that is why she survived. A magic child must receive proper training immediately or they are a danger to everyone. Without help to control it, the magic will manifest unformed and without direction which will cause it to be unstable and uncontrollable before killing the user when they react to danger.”
“Well Tony’s a diva,” he chuckled, “but you always know what he wants. Do you know what you want?”
Which Steve rolled his eyes at and opened his unused Twitter account to repost it. Bucky was a brat and he would get him back for the Mr. America jibe. Steve took a photo of Bucky sleeping on their bed that night and said:
He didn’t think Bucky would hurt him. Bucky let him help him with his flowers and they were pretty flowers. People who like to hurt others didn’t let the people they were going to hurt take care of their flowers.
“I have never heard of that,” Tony stated, “not once bullshit!”
Loki huffed and sent out a tendril of his magic into the air, just looking for the release. “You are not a witch, and not a sorceress, and not a temptress, and not an anything.”
“Uh no,” Bucky replied, “I distinctly remembered this incident in Barcelona when our tour guide was hitting on me and you dragged me into the bathroom and attacked my neck so hard the poor guy blushed firetruck red and you just grinned at him like the goddamn punk that you are.”
Sam and Bucky jostled in. “Hey,” Sam greeted laughing, “let me take a shower and we can have dinner.”
With hate and love
Peter laughed.
“Good Night,” they both echoed.
Loki looked away from him. “I was repeating the things Odin had told me.”
A woman heavily pregnant followed the children in. “Loki,” she greeted.
“Training,” Natasha answered leaving the room.
“That footage is critically advised.”
“You did not know two Tempters were coming,” Loki asked.
Wanda looked back. “Gotta go,” she announced and ran back behind the counter.
“I’m still young and none one tells Nat what to do,” Sam answered sticking out his tongue.
Tony screamed again, and the next time Peter came over he found his room full of iron man merchandise, but the Captain America blanket was sitting on his bed neatly folded. Peter kind of loves Tony for that.
Tony didn’t ask him how he had done it. Rhodey was a genius after all. “And you think they’ll sign this?”
At that Loki finally, finally reacted. Nails scrapped down Thor’s cheek. “You didn’t act that way when you chained me down and brought me here,” he screamed a sob tearing out of his throat, “you are a liar! I would have followed you willingly. You didn’t have to do this.”
She pulled Loki over to the couch and shoved him into it. “Stark play Lord of the Rings!”
Bucky crosses his arms. “I still throw knives at you.”
“Maybe. We could move you in here and it would fill it up a bit. The Ranch house gets a bit crowded,” Sam offered.
“Tony he’s not biologically ours,” Steve reminded him.
Tony waved him off. “You and Wanda are in love,” he dismissed, “and you want to be near her. I know where you’ve been disappearing off to. I don’t care.”
Pepper came over to discuss rap music, and groan whenever someone suggested she actually liked classical music outside of opera events.
“He’s a liar Sam,” Tony exclaimed, “god of lies. You think he wouldn’t try to deceive us.”
He lead his mother and brother into the house completely off guard and Natasha was just as surprised. They sat in the kitchen with fruit punch and pie and Sam waited for his mother to announce what had happened. “We got you a court date,” she announced after small talk.
“Geez passed out right after supper,” Rhodey sighed, “you’d think all we did was watch Lord of the Rings today.”
The next day Tony was having breakfast in the tower by himself because Peter had gone back to May’s yesterday for school and Pepper had a meeting. Rhodey walked in a large set of papers in his hand. “You’re going to go see them tonight aren’t you,” he asked.
That’s because Loki had dropped his glamour once he was alone. He had put it up so Thor didn’t think he had gotten weak. “There’s food on the table,” Sam indicated, “you should eat. Dinner is at six if you want to come join us. No one's going to bug you if you do. You’re free to walk around the ranch house. F.R.I.D.A.Y will prevent you from going anywhere you are not permitted to go.”
Sam: ...
“Yeah. Yeah. Go get lunch with your kid and leave us,” Alex pouted.
Bucky just glared. “It’s not like Steve is straight,” Sam commented.
Sam from his spot on the couch started to read the newest version of the accords. Tony’s name was already signed, but his name didn’t really matter there's did.
“I have work from six to five tomorrow,” Sam announced as Hair Spray faded away, “Bucky and Steve plan on coming over. I think Bucky is bring over some lilies to plant.”
“Yup,” Sam agreed.
Loki could hardly bear it. Why would Thor act so sweet if he was going to be cruel? “Loki,” Thor repeated, “Brother. Tell me what is going on in your head.”
Loki looked at him suspiciously. “What are you thinking,” Natasha questioned.
“They can try,” Sam admitted knowing very well that this wasn’t something a lot of people in power wanted to give him.
Loki’s eyes glanced up as two children barreled into the room. There was a small dark-haired girl and a darker haired boy with wolf ears. He smiled at them opening his arms. Those at the table scoffed.
“I love you too,” Aoyun answered.
“You're not supposed to tell them that,” Sam hissed.
She walked into the room her phone pressed against her ear and she watched Rhodey and Clint shoving each other in the kitchen. She snorted. “What. No sorry, I wasn’t laughing at you,” she chatted, “my Dads are just being goofballs. Yeah, I’ll talk to you later. Night!”
After seeing Lo for the first time Sam’s mother had taken a great liking to him, and whenever Sam was on the phone with her she wanted to talk to Lo as well. In fact once she figured out that Loki was staying with him semi-permanently and that his family had left him she had started to treat him like a grandson. She only has granddaughters, but always wanted a grandson. Her brother had a few sons and she was jealous. Not that she didn’t love her granddaughters, but variation was good
She only lived because she needed to see Pietro again. That was the thing about their powers. Pietro had needed to get to her so his powers had manifested in physical abilities and Wand had needed to see her brother so she had got the mental ones. But oh had that been painful with HYDRA’s knives stabbing them as well.
That’s how Peter is. He doesn’t care about his life, he probably doesn’t want to die, but it doesn’t matter if he lives as long as other people are alive. I don’t care what you think of me or what I say, just listen to this. Peter is never going to stop, he can’t. Whatever you do, do not leave him by himself keep track of him, support him, tell him you have his back.
They both looked around. “So we’re opening a gay bar,” Clint stated.
Peter talked non stop throughout dinner. And they discuss thanksgiving plans. Peter was excited because Tony is taking him and May out of town for Thanksgiving. Wanda is going with the Barton Gang to Barton’s in laws. Rhodey is volunteering at the VA and hanging out with friends from the Air Force. Natasha was still gone, but if she came back Sam imagined that she would follow Clint and if not Clint then Bucky. Whatever she felt like. Darcy and Jane were going to go find Dr. Selvig, and Bruce was following Tony. So that left Sam and Loki, and Sam usually went home, always went home when he could. But he had been planning on just making a small meal with Loki and watching the Christmas movies that would be starting to play. But now he had the option of going home and taking Loki with him. Ugh.
