It takes nearly a month of daily three hour-long training sessions before the team is convinced of Loki’s ability to take Steve’s place effectively. To everyone’s surprise, it isn’t Clint or Natasha who is hardest to assure that the demigod is capable, but Sam and Thor. Sam, who’d been told of the plan shortly after the spies, whose response had been “Not my business, man, just as long as you’re happy,” maintains that his hesitance was due to the fact that Loki is a completely new character in his life, and seeing Tony and Steve getting hurt or screwed over is the last thing Sam wants; Thor claims he has always had faith in his brother but wants to leave nothing to chance. Loki, to his credit,
Steve leans up and swallows down Tony’s soft laugh, putting as much emotion behind the kiss as he possibly can. Tony’s fingers dig into his waist, but Steve can’t complain, he just presses closer. He grimaces and pulls away slightly when something presses, hard and cold, into his breastbone. Tony understands immediately, sighs heavily.
Steve finishes putting the leftover pizza in the refrigerator before turning to face the tiny child. “Uh, it is?”
Steve sits on the bed of yet another motel room, ignoring the television as it plays some sitcom from the 90s and the way Sam and Natasha are laughing and chatting easily amongst themselves. His fingers swipe idly across the screen of his phone. He isn’t sure when he decided to, but he focuses on the screen and realises he’s opened the message thread with Tony. The last message he sent was over an hour ago, responding to Tony’s question of how the day went. Somehow, Steve had managed to completely avoid the question and instead admitted that he’d had an anxiety episode the month before. He comes to terms with the fact that maybe Tony isn’t prepared to hear Steve talking about it ー hell, Steve isn’t even prepared to really talk about it ー so he sends another text.
Bucky’s loud voice was heard before the man himself was seen. He dropped a tin of cookies on Steve’s desk, pressed a kiss to Clint’s rumpled hair, and headed across the hall to join the rest of his colleagues. Kate and Pietro were the last to show up. By that time, the clock read 8:30, and it was time to start the day. The office was full of all of them talking over one another, asking for advice on their work or hurling good-natured jabs at each other – especially Clint and Pietro, who’ve had some sort of competition between themselves since Pietro joined the crew. The actual animosity between the “old man” and the “smart-ass kid no one would miss” disappeared after Pietro proved his artistic talent when his first comic didn’t flop miserably, and they’ve been like siblings ever since.
Captain America. Loki has been flawless in his mimicry; even Pepper gave her approval with a thoughtful
) but Steve can’t find it in him to deny the bots anything. Clint calls it good practise for when the baby arrives.
“It does. To me, it does. I know it makes no sense, and it's probably stupid, but it matters to me.”
– that he deserves this; that he deserves the results of all the effort he’s put into this relationship and hard work he’s had to do to get past his issues; that he undoubtedly deserves the undiluted happiness and joy and colour Steve has brought into his life.
“I've noticed. He eats all my bananas, but only the ones that are starting to turn brown. The spottier, the better, evidently.”
“I know, but… You have to remember, Tony, there are shareholders, board members, even employees who believe the same thing.”
“Steve, this is my mother, Queen Frigga. Mother, this is Captain Steven Rogers, the one of whom I spoke to you.”
But now he's tired, worn out, and unable to ignore the fact the apartment is so much quieter now that there's nothing and no one to be responsible for. He sprawls face-first on his bed, breathes in the smell of fabric softener, relaxing into the comfort of the mattress. He's almost asleep when the sound of someone in his kitchen startles him to full awareness; he barely keeps a grip on the towel as he hurries out of his room and down the hall to see someone digging through his fridge.
“I’m glad you guys talked,” interjects Pepper, smiling gently at Steve. “Promise me, though, that you won’t just accept this type of behaviour in the future, if it happens again.”
A sick pain makes itself known as Steve stares down at the faded photograph of his best friend. He knows it’s been over seventy years since he lost Bucky, but it feels like less than one. It hurts so much. He slips the picture back into place between the pages and puts the book in the bedside drawer. There’s no doubt in Steve’s mind that tonight is going to be a rough one.
The man doesn't let go; his grip tightens as Steve tries to tug his arm free. “Now, now, calm down. I'm just trying to be nice. Don't be rude.”
, to say the least. It took Steve far too long to get accustomed to seeing an exact copy of himself going through the obstacle course, flinging and catching the shield, practising falls and drops and fly-and-catches with the members of the team who fly. Natasha came close to getting struck by Thor’s lightning after the second training session was called to a close: She walked up to Loki and dragged a blade along the trickster’s arm. Steve winced at the sight of the blood coming out of his (
Natasha’s wearing a silky black bathrobe when she answers the door. Steve follows her to the bathroom; the enormous tub is hall-filled with water already, a can of shaving gel and a package of razors sitting on the shelf set in the wall. At her nod, Steve strips off his jeans, then his shirt when she rolls her eyes. He perches on the lip of the tub, feet in the hot water, and keeps his eyes off Natasha’s skin as she pulls of her robe. Her bra and panties match, a deep burgundy that contrasts with her creamy complexion perfectly. She pins her hair up out of her face, pulls Steve’s hair into a messy bun, and joins him on the bathtub’s edge.
“Maybe you should start seeing yourself, too,” Tony muttered as he gazed down at the picture. He looked up again after a few moments, smiled. “Thanks, Steve. This… Thanks.”
Bucky claps a hand to Steve's shoulder and ambles out of the comic section, darting forward to kiss Clint's cheek as they pass each other. A low, long whistle pierces the air, and Steve pivots to see Kate nearing.
“Why would I go anywhere?” Steve asks just as softly; his fingers rest against the warm cover of the arc reactor. He imagines he can feel it humming under his hand, pulsing life into Tony.
Steve finishes the minute detail he’s working on, closes the sketchbook, and sets it in a drawer. Tony stops him with a gentle hand on his bicep; Steve dips his head and presses a kiss to his lover’s lips. He knows that Tony’s worried but trying hard to hide it. Though they’ve been together so long, he still has difficulty expressing anything that can be used against him. Steve knows it’s because of how Howard raised him, but it doesn’t make it any easier to deal with. In fact, he always wishes there was a working time machine so he could go back and punch the Stark patriarch in the face for how he treated his son.
At first, he thinks it’s Tony’s phone, but he dismisses that as an option immediately as he remembers the man would never be without his phone, let alone leave it behind in a dingy motel somewhere outside of Roanoke. Steve pauses, stares at the innocuous device, then picks it up. He nearly drops it when the screen suddenly lights up and shifts, going from the lock screen to the home wallpaper within milliseconds. There are only four icons displayed: a phone, an envelope, a notepad, and a white A on a blue background. The notepad symbol wiggles, and he breathes in sharply through his nose even as he hesitatingly taps the icon with his index finger. Read this is the first and only item in the app; he presses it.
Steve’s in a private delivery room, hooked up to IVs and monitors by the time Tony rushes in. Doctor Cavendish rolls her eyes, but Steve thinks it’s uncalled for; after all, Tony’s at least taken off the armour before barreling into the room.
With a shuddering gasp, Steve’s body tenses, locks into place, as his eyes snap open. Tony doesn’t move; he just keeps whispering soft assurances until Steve starts to relax. He finally scoots closer when Steve begins shivering.
He’s just come back from a walk through Brooklyn, visiting the places that have stayed the same and mourning those that haven’t; he heads to the bedroom to write another letter to Bucky and stops in the doorway. On the large bed is a plain shipping box. The only indication as to who it’s intended for is the word
“Crickets,” Steve mumbles before forcing himself to breathe again, speaking louder. “Crickets, the, um, cars on the highway… Buzzing from the lights.”
Steve is certain he knows where this conversation is heading, just as he’s sure he’ll accept the offer as soon as Clint mentions the position SHIELD is desperate for Steve to fill. He knows he will be little good as a spy, but he’s been yearning for something to occupy his time instead of staring blankly at the walls. Besides, brute force is something he excels at, along with strategising, so as long as he doesn’t need to be someone he’s not, he can do the job. Clint barely gets the words “lead a STRIKE unit” out before Steve is telling the man he’ll do it. Clint stops talking immediately, his expression full of surprise, but he eventually smiles, claps a hand to Steve’s shoulder, and says he’ll see Cap bright and early Monday morning at SHIELD headquarters in DC. Before he walks out the door, he stops and turns to face Steve.
The moment Steve stops speaking, Tony starts. “I know, Steve, and I’m sorry. I really am. I got lost in my head, all the doubts and insecurities, and I know it’s not a valid reason, it’s just an excuse to justify being an enormous dumbass, and there’s nothing I could say to make what I did okay, but I am so sorry. You’re right, you’re absolutely right, I
“I love you,” Steve whispers long after Tony has dropped off into sleep, securely wrapped in Steve’s arms. Steve dozes off, too, the mantra of
“So do a lot of women, but they are viewed as ‘professional attire’, so most of the time, we just shut up, put a smile on, and kick ass in our ‘kill-me-now’ heels.”
Tablet in hand, Tony makes his way to the sunroom, an enclosed balcony that was refurbished with heating and cooling, comfortable patio furniture, and everything else anyone might want or need. He’s just spent the last hour with Steve in his arms, reassuring his partner that he isn’t going anywhere. Every time Tony was sure Steve was asleep and tried to slip out of the bed, Steve would wake up panicking. Thankfully, the last attempt was successful. Tony has work to do for SI before Pepper gets on his ass for missing a deadline.
Steve doesn’t even glance in his direction, merely continues punching the bag, and Tony sighs. “I’m sorry. I just… I needed someone to help me sort my thoughts.”
“Well, no, not really. I want you and Mr Phil to be my other daddies because I love you and you love me.”
was startling but easily ignored as Tony gave in to the absolutely insane urge, grabbed Steve by the face, and captured his mouth in a hard, hot kiss.
"Well, it should be," Tony replies with an exaggerated pout. "All right, spider monkey, time to head home. Go say 'bye to Uncle Ben. So, not gonna tell me what you and my kid are keeping from me?" questions the brunet as soon as Peter's out of earshot.
They don't do much that night, just sit in the sand on the beach. The waves lap up onto shore, over their bare toes, and the setting sun paints the sky a brilliant orange tinged on the edges with a deep purple. Birds caw out their final songs of the evening, landing in their roosts and falling silent. Nothing can be heard but the water as it flows in then ebbs, their breathing, and the soft sound of Tony's fingers scooping up sand and letting it pour from his hand.
Both men fall silent, and Steve’s skin starts feeling a little tighter. As surreptitiously as he can, he wipes his suddenly-clammy palms on his jeans under the table. All he wants to do right now is get up, walk out of this diner, and go back to bed. The waitress comes by at that moment, so Steve orders a water, more to have something to do with his hands and less with being thirsty. Tony asks for a burger (“Greasiest one you’ve got”) and coffee. Once she’s gone, Tony folds his hands on the table in front of him and sighs.
Tony tugs an honest-to-god wicker basket over to them, flipping the lid open, and Steve stares down at the mass of food inside ー fruit, carrots and celery sticks, miniature sandwiches… all foods to be eaten with fingers. He grabs a grape and starts to bring it up to his mouth but changes his mind halfway through the motion. Tony’s eyes widen slightly; his lips part, and he allows Steve to carefully push the grape into his mouth. They take turns after that, sometimes feeding themselves but mostly feeding each other. The awkwardness melts away, transforms into an easy comfortableness. Something inside of Steve loosens, falls into place, and he leans over to press a soft kiss onto Tony’s cheek. Tony stares at Steve from the corner of his eye before turning his head and capturing Steve’s lips with his own.
“Okay, okay. Steve, baby?” Tony climbs onto the bed but stays out of range of flailing limbs; he learned his lesson the first few times he’d received an elbow to the face and spent the next week sporting a bruise and suffering Steve’s miserable guilt. “Steve, it’s okay. You’re home, in the tower. You’re
Tony answers the door and blinks owlishly at the bottle that Steve is holding out. “Hi, you're on time, did you really bring wine?”
Which is how Tony's ended up here in the communal living room feeling more uncomfortable than he's been in his entire life - including the time Mary Newton's whole family walked in on him with his face between her legs. Thor stands, leaning against the wall with a confused expression on his face. Sam is fighting a smile as he reclines in an armchair, Natasha on the arm with his hand on her waist. Clint perches on the back of the couch; even
Steve smiles sweetly in the glow of the arc reactor, but he doesn’t comment on the fact that Tony has, indeed, read all the parenting books that Steve’s brought into their home. “I’ve been scouring message boards and forums, and everybody was saying the sixteen– to twenty-two week timeline isn’t necessarily a
in the same sentence means that if he goes through with this, his body will no longer be the one he’s had for his entire life. It has undergone changes from his youth, but nothing near this enormity. Tony is surprisingly silent during the explanation, his face a mask of concentration; he doesn’t even blink at the implication that Steve will be in a completely different body for the duration of the pregnancy, birth, and recovery. It’s only when an advisor clears her throat that Steve drags his gaze away from his lover’s face and back to the queen’s.
This story leads into a few others, all about the antics he and Bucky got up to as kids and teenagers, before Bucky shipped off to the Army and Steve did the same the year after. Steve falls silent when he finishes the retelling of the final hours of laughter and jokes before the Incident ー the one that cost them Rollins and Hodge, and came too close to taking Bucky, too. He manages to swallow down the bile that creeps up his throat at the thought of not having his best friend in his life any more.
Tony nods succinctly and turns his head to accept the kiss Steve is offering, then watches as his love walks away. His body feels colder without Steve wrapped around him, but having an unimpeded view of Captain America’s ass as it shifts side to side almost makes up for it. Once Steve is out of sight, Tony brings up the schematics again. His concentration is shot to Hell, however, being overrun by this latest “Baby Talk.”
“Well, look at that. For a stubborn asshole, you’re doing an okay job of apologising. If you wanna go ahead and grovel at my feet – don’t look at me like that – did you
When they part, Wilson whistles sharply, and Natasha has a brow raised. Clint somehow has got popcorn; Coulson is still plowing steadily through his paperwork, but Steve is gone. Tony debates going after him. Sam's words replay through his brain, so he forces himself to stay put.
The enormous mansion that greets Steve when he steps out of the limo is astounding. The lawn is clearly taken care of, lush and green and sprawling. Steve stares wide-eyed at everything as he makes his way to the front door, a step behind Tony. The door closes with a quiet snick that echoes softly in the silence of the foyer.
And if Tony’s voice is cracking, his eyes shining with unshed tears, Steve isn’t going to mention it. He sits next to Tony, pulls the other man’s hand into his own even as Tony struggles, and presses a soft kiss to the skin on the back of Tony’s hand. He clears his throat and searches for the right words to say.
“Well, personally, I was kinda afraid it’d go in a whole different, much worse direction, and, since no one died or even had a threat made against their life, I’m counting it as a win.”
Thankfully, none of them seemed to have viewpoints too wildly different or in contrast to the main goal. So that was one more thing taken care of. Tony and Steve celebrated this small victory by sitting on the landing pad, wrapped in an enormous thick blanket, and let the lights from the city wash over them, little beacons of humanity that they regularly protect and fight for, as the wind breezed briskly around them and the glass of scotch Tony brought with him went ignored.
To his surprise, Pietro accepts assistance without complaint. There is some awkwardness when Pietro gets frustrated at disastrous attempt after disastrous attempt, but finally, he gets the pose right, it looks natural, and he laughs quietly at the success. Steve steps away without anything beyond clasping a hand to the kid’s shoulder. There’s a pleased little smile on his lips when Steve looks over, and Steve doesn’t blame Pietro for his pride. He deserves it.
He laughs as Pepper balls up a napkin and tosses it at his face; a warmth grows in his chest when he realises that the haunted expression in Pepper’s eyes is now gone, and he's pleased to have played some part in that. He lets Tony lean against him, at peace and content with the way the night is going.
“Steve, God, I, normally, you'd be the exact type of guy I'd go for ー beautiful but also so, so smart and funny and creative. I'd go for you, but I'd be so wrong for you, but I'd be too selfish to give a fuck about that. I would, believe me, you're exactly my type. But, I, I can't.” Tony swallows and stares at something over Steve's right ear even as he continues, the words like bullets, “I can't, and I'm so unbelievably sorry for it, Steve, I wish I could, but I just...can't.”
Tony steps forward at Steve’s hesitation. “Steve, you can change your mind if you want. No one here will be upset if you do.”
Steve is in the shower and Tony is sitting at the table in the kitchen, reading over the latest R&D updates when JARVIS announces Pepper’s impending arrival. Tony requests his AI inform Steve of their company “when he’s out of the shower, don’t give him a heart attack for God’s sake.” He pours another mug of coffee for his favourite CEO, hides the strawberries (he learned his lesson about that particular fruit a long time ago), and waits for the
Steve hangs up but not before hearing the tell-tale sound of skin slapping skin – hard – and a husky voice crying out at the impact. With a full-body shudder, Steve plugs his phone on the charger and shuffles down the hall to the bathroom for a quick shower. He dries off swiftly and dresses in a pair of boxers and sweats. It’s too quiet in his room once he stretches out on his mattress, so he reaches for the clock-radio on his bedside table and scrolls through the stations in search of anything besides commercials or talk shows. Sighing in frustration at his lack of success, he pushes the switch to the off position, rolls onto his back, and resigns himself to a night of incredibly terrible sleep.
or have a surrogate like every other rich, gay couple? But now, I'm okay with that asshole sticking around, because two of my best friends are getting what they want, and if anyone deserves to have their heart's desires coming true, if anyone deserves to have the chance to create a family, it's Steve. Not so sure about
Steve grabs for Tony's wrist, gentling his touch once he has a hold. Tony stares down at the fingers wrapped around his arm; his eyes widen infinitesimally when Steve shifts his hand until their palms are pressed together. He laces his fingers with Tony's, bringing their joined hands to his lips. He presses a kiss to the back of Tony's hand, a feather-light brush of his lips against skin. When Steve looks up again, Tony's cheeks are flushed a beautiful pink, and he's staring at Steve with a tiny, shy, hopeful smile, just barely tugging at the corners of his mouth.
“He’ll have to do some training before this happens,” Steve announces. “If he doesn’t learn to move the way I do, no one’s going to believe he’s me.”
Peter makes a show of standing tall and clapping his hands to his sides, and Steve grins widely before taking three steps down the hall to knock on the door to the changing room. Pepper’s sister, Charlotte, pulls the door open just a crack, and her eyes examine the space behind Steve closely.
“Tony, I've known who you are my entire life. I may not have known your last name or what your company did, but I've known
the AI is. And right now? The silence isn’t the peaceful quiet of JARVIS awaiting orders. It’s the silence that only comes from a loved one who is two seconds from murdering you in your sleep.
The pointed look she gives him speaks volumes; Steve nods dumbly, slowly stepping back until he bumps into Sam. Clint latches a hand into the shoulder plate of the armour, and though his tugging has no physical effect, Tony does as he's asked after making sure Sharon and the other SHIELD agents are arresting Zemo.
A pale, slender hand places a glass of chocolate milk on the coffee table. Steve gives Loki a thankful smile before turning his attention back to the television. Dozens of celebrities are stepping out of their vehicles, smiling and posing for pictures, answering questions that are being shouted at them. Steve has been waiting (im)patiently for half an hour for a specific limo to appear on the screen. Once the guy who looks like Steve (if Steve had dark hair and a beard) disappears inside, cameras turn until the next vehicle is in focus.
Inside, nestled among tissue paper and bubble wrap, are a set of high-end markers, pencils, sketchbooks, and one white card, folded in half; Steve picks up the card, unfolds it to read “
The team was called out twice since Steve found out he was pregnant. Pepper sat with him the first time, both of them lounging on the couch in the penthouse; she worked on her duties for SI while Steve watched the video-feed of the fight, gave advice and warnings when he deemed it necessary through the private comm line. Coulson repeated the orders on the main frequency so nobody was privy to the knowledge that the Captain America on the field wasn’t the
, not paying attention to the others, when his phone starts vibrating on his desk. He doesn't spare a glance at the screen – it's probably just Bucky or his ma.
“Sorry, really. JARVIS warned me you were here, and I must admit, I’d gotten curious as to why you’d come down here when you knew I wasn’t home.”
scrolls across the bottom of the screen, and Steve’s lips twitch, his chest going warm at the words. He nods in thanks when the clerk passes over a few coins, gathers up the bag of burritos, and makes his way out the door.
Sighing, Tony crosses the room, drops onto the couch, and holds his head in his hands. “It’s not stupid, really, it isn’t. I just...I can’t do that to you.”
“Her love for you evidently outweighs her hatred of being in a suit, even one designed for saving your ass when you do something dumb.” Steve pauses. “JARVIS, how’s he doing?”
starts playing softly in the background, and Tony lets the piano and Steve’s warmth lull him to sleep.
The brunet shrugs. "Not many people in the city have. If they do, they rarely care enough to drive so far out of their way for food they can get near home. Honestly? They don't know what they're missing out on."
He gestures for Tony to stay where he is before following after the woman, her bald head gleaming under the lights from above. When she comes to a stop, she stands beside an older man in a fitted suit, her posture familiar, one of a warrior on duty; the man's dark eyes study Steve from behind his glasses, and Steve finds himself almost wishing he had the shield on him. Suddenly, the man smiles and holds out a hand.
Tony rolls his eyes, but there’s a pleased smile playing on his lips. He shoves the basket away with one foot, curls closer into Steve, and drags the blanket over them as far as it will go. Steve rolls onto his side so he can hold Tony tightly to him. They share a few slow, lazy kisses, and Steve can feel arousal humming deep under his skin, but for now, this is enough, he doesn’t need more.
Steve doesn't move, keeps his face pressed to the mattress. His words come out muffled and slurred, and he isn't sure if Tony can even understand him when he says, “I missed you. I always miss you. Even when you're here.”
Tony holds the door to the restaurant open, ushering Steve in with a gentle hand on his back, and leads the way to a smaller table in the way back of the building. The waitress smiles widely when she stops by their table.
Bucky’s face twists up but he lets it drop. “All right, well, I only came by to give you a ride to work ー it's rainin’ somethin’ fierce out there today, and ya know buses don't stop close enough to work, but since Tony's already here, you can find a different way.”
Steve tugs him down and wraps him in a tight embrace. Tony allows it, nuzzles his face into the crook of his lover’s neck (and Jesus, when did he become a damn cat?); he stays quiet, letting Steve process everything. The whole ‘analysing everything before making a decision, at least when it counts’ is what made Tony accept the fact that Steve has never been just a teammate.
His own apartment is suffocating and stiflingly silent when Steve opens the door. He's not spent much time here over the last week, only coming over to grab a change of clothes and going back to Tony's. He makes his way down the short hall to the bathroom; his back aches from sleeping on a couch every night, and he is much more exhausted than he has ever been in the past few years.
Steve rolls his eyes, but the huff of soft laughter speaks volumes about his amusement. Tony stands, pulls him to his feet, and leads him to the elevator. JARVIS demonstrates his amazing bro-level by stopping the lift between floors while Tony’s on his knees, mouth coaxing groans from the man he’s so devastatingly in love with. Between the taste of Steve on his tongue and the swells of devotion and affection, Tony has rarely loved his life more.
Steve shudders violently, nodding though the AI can’t see him. “R-right. Three things I see. Uh, the asphalt of the parking lot, the stars, the grass.”
that he’s willing to look past the reasons why this is a terrible idea. Judging by the expression on Tony’s face, though, accepting the inclusion of Loki might put a stop to everything before it even begins.
For the next two weeks, he avoids Tony. He doesn’t go down to the workshop any more, not even when Tony isn’t there; he doesn’t want to risk coming across the other man. And it seems Tony has the same plan. He no longer comes to team movie nights, and mealtimes are very obviously devoid of his presence. It’s… a lot harder than Steve would have expected. He had never realised just how often Tony and he crossed paths in the last few months. And he finds himself yearning to find Tony and stay by his side, but whether that’s the connection or his own feelings, he isn’t quite sure.
Tony clears his throat, and five faces swivel toward him. “Loki will have to be under constant supervision.”
“We tried giving him a Motrin, but his metabolism burned straight through it,” announces Pepper, her lips twisted in an apologetic grimace.
Steve feels his cheeks flaming, but he doesn't give her the dignity of a response. He merely unloads his work, grabs his pen, and gets busy. Her laughter is silent, unlike everyone else's comments and taunting. She runs her fingers over his hair before hopping off his desk and sauntering away. He ignores the others as he gets busy plotting out the next page in his comic, a task made much more difficult by thoughts of Tony.
“Of course I am. Why wouldn’t I be after being reminded of how completely unprepared I am for this baby, and it’s not even
The doors slide open quietly, and Steve steps into the dimly-lit workshop. DUM-E wheels out of his charging station with a chirping noise, but the other two only swivel their cameras in Steve’s direction, remaining in their stations like good little bots; he’s sure he isn’t imagining their curiosity, U’s camera tilting this way and that. He runs a finger over DUM-E’s strut, asks him why he isn’t staying in his ‘bed’ like his brothers. DUM-E only beeps wildly and shoves at Steve until the man is sitting on the couch. When the bot rolls away, Steve’s lips twitch, and he stares around the workshop. It’s not nearly as lively without Tony and all his screens. His vision is suddenly obscured by a large black camera, and Steve jerks backwards, grabbing the scrap of cloth from DUM-E’s claw. With a grin, Steve starts lightly rubbing the cloth across the bot’s frame.
The office is quiet when Peter and Steve step through the doors, but it doesn't last long: as soon as Pietro catches sight of the child, he all but throws his marker to the desk and rushes over, scooping Peter up and spinning around. Hearing Peter giggle maniacally eases some of the tightness in Steve's chest, and he smiles as he makes his way to his own desk. He knows Peter is in good hands. Everyone he works with adores Peter, and he's become a regular fixture in the office when school isn't in session. It isn't until he hears Peter screeching “Pop!” that Steve looks up from the panel he's filling in. Phil crouches down by the desk Peter sits at, the child's arms wrapping tight around his neck.
“Oh, absolutely. Your da made me forget anything wrong. When we were together, it was like the world didn't exist, only us. I smiled and laughed far more than I'd ever done before, and when I cried for whatever reason, he was there to dry my cheeks, tell me it'll all be okay, and we would work through whatever the problem was. Together, he'd say, we can get through this as long as we're together.”
Tony swerves in time to avoid clipping a building, swallows down the bile that rises at such a sharp turn. “I’m okay, promise.”
Sherri gestures toward a closed door. “This is it. I’ll be back in a few minutes with your daughter.”
Peter beams happily from where he’s stretched out on the couch. Indeed, the neon-orange stuffed pig is tucked close to his chest. “I take him everywhere with me, even to school, even though some kids tell me only babies have stuffies.”
It’s a wonderful thing that Natasha and Pepper are the ‘prepared-for-the-Apocalypse’ type, since neither Tony nor Steve are anywhere near acquainted with the procedure that accompanies waking up in a bed that suddenly resembles a violent crime scene. Tony doesn’t freak out (much, but what he does is mostly out of not-quite-awake surprise), but Steve is apologetic and panicky the entire time Tony is stripping the sheets from the mattress, ordering JARVIS to pass an SOS message to his favourite ladies.
Once he's dressed, Steve stands still as Tony rolls the sleeves of the shirt and sweater up to his elbows, and adjusts the collar of the button-down so that it lays loose against the wool of the sweater. Steve is finally given the okay to go to the bathroom; he quickly uses the toilet, washes his hands and face, and brushes his teeth, yelping when Tony barges in. He accepts his fate when Tony shoves his hands under the tap and then runs wet hands through Steve's hair, forces it to stay flat instead of poking up in the back like it usually does from hours spent with his head in his hand or combing fingers through his hair in frustration.
Tony is out of the tower for a business dinner when Steve experiences the worst nightmare he’s had in quite a while. He doesn’t even try to roll over and go back to sleep. He just shoves his blankets away and dresses quickly, rushing without running to exit his room and leave those ghosts behind. He comes back to himself when he realises he doesn’t have the code to get into the workshop; he’d meant to go to the gym, since he could spend hours beating the punching bags and walk away feeling exhausted in every way, but at some point, the workshop became the beacon of security,
Dinner is relatively quiet; neither man talks about anything more than the basics of their days. It’s awkward and stilted, and Steve finds himself wondering if this is what Tony had in mind for the night when he invited Steve over. Texting had been so easy, so simple, not full of this...weirdness. The glass of wine in front of Steve hasn’t been touched, and Tony has only taken one small sip since the meal started.
“Sounds good to me. But… can we just stay like this for a bit? I, uh, I've missed being able to hold you.”
Steve keeps his gaze on the horizon. Tony’s voice is quiet, his words slurring slightly, but there's something in his tone that Steve can't quite place. “Sorry for what?”
Steve gasps into the kiss at the searing hot that skitters across his flesh, emanating from the centre of his chest, and his head falls back at the dizzying emotions he’s feeling ー not all his, no, but he can’t make heads nor tails of where
The threat only serves to cause Sam to laugh loudly. The ghost of a smile flickers across Clint's face, and Natasha rolls her eyes in the way that means she's secretly amused. Tony steps closer to Loki, darting a glance at Steve who fidgets uncomfortably at the entire situation but doesn't say a word. This time, nobody interrupts as the two men gradually get closer. Kissing Loki in Steve's form isn't bad - it's a lot like kissing Steve, but it also isn't.
Steve dips his head in a quick goodbye and heads back to his own apartment. The television is still on; the glow flickers, sends dancing shadows across the wall. He presses the power button, stumbles his way to the bathroom, and brushes his teeth. His alarm clock tells him it’s almost three in the morning. He doesn’t bother undressing or crawling under the covers, just falls asleep sprawled out on the bed.
“And I have plenty of time before the baby is born. So unless you’re telling me you’ll be gone for the next five months, it’s really no different than any other time.” Steve wraps his arms around Tony’s waist, his blue eyes bright and beautiful as he smiles up at Tony. “Just do what you have to do, and come back to me, okay?”
But now Tony's staring down at the large hand wrapped around his wrist, keeping him in place, and he's nearly choking on his tongue as he tries to think of something,
“Yeah, I can see why. It's such a long walk, and empty halls are well-known for being fraught with danger.”
Steve stares at the words on the screen. He’s terrified of saying the wrong thing and destroying this tentative...whatever they have. With a sigh, he sets the phone down next to him and covers his face. A negligible part of him wishes he’d never participated in Project Rebirth, that he’d stayed the same scrawny, sickly kid he used to be and died a forgettable death in Brooklyn.
“I don’t think so. But it doesn’t matter. I know now. Hence why I’m freaking the fuck out! I can’t… I can’t have kids. I’m a terrible role model. I drink way too more coffee than is considered healthy. I forget about everything, including important dates. I get too busy working in the lab. Literally ninety-five percent of my free time is spent building and designing stuff for SHIELD, the Avengers, and SI. Not to mention that the reason you and I broke up is because I’m fucking Iron Man, and people tried to get to me by hurting you. I can’t do that.”
“Here, let me.” Tony walks to the blond’s side and slowly unwraps his hands, wincing at the raw skin. “Oh, darling. I’m so sorry. I know I should’ve at least told you I needed a bit of space. There was just so much in my head, and I wasn’t thinking straight. But I think I’m ready for this conversation now.”
The look Pepper gives him could strip paint from metal. He hurriedly plasters an innocent expression on his face; judging by Steve’s laugh and her eye roll, his attempt isn’t successful.
. You learn from your mistakes, so it won’t happen again. Plus, you have a few months to really absorb that lesson.”
Shit. “An emergency is a, a situation that requires immediate attention. Um…say I fall down the stairs and break my leg. I’d have to go to the doctor right away, right?” At Peter’s tiny nod, Steve releases a breath. “That would be an emergency.”
just barge into the apartment whenever he wants company and he knows Steve is home. More often than not, they eat dinner together then Tony comes back after an hour or two and takes over Steve’s couch, staying until after Steve’s fallen asleep. “Buck…”
“I know, sweetheart, I know how bad it feels. How ‘bout this. I can take the morning off from work, and we can walk to school together, okay? Then I can talk to your principal while you go to class, and I’ll come eat lunch with you. Would you like that?”
“You wanted to actually carry,” supplies Nat, cutting to the point with ease immediately – as usual.
She hesitates then nods sharply and walks away. Crickets chirp in the long unkempt grass on the other side of the parking lot; stars glimmer in the dark sky above, barely visible beyond the enormous lamps dotting the property. Steve pushes the door closed and shivers. His skin ripples with goosebumps, the air of his room too cold and still. A gentle light brightens and dims from the nightstand; Steve trudges across the room and drops to sit on the bed. His body feels heavy, much more weighted down with loss than it has since he came out of the ice. Eventually, he reaches for the phone, and the golden glow along the edge of the frame stops flashing. The message is from Tony, a set of numbers Steve recognises as coordinates.
“I’ve noticed you’re a workaholic, judging by the fact you usually leave before the sun’s even fully up and you rarely get home before eight at night, unless you have Peter. Then your days are significantly shorter, and I’m talking maybe five-hours-long shorter. You don’t offer a whole of information about yourself, and I have a feeling it’s always been that way. You’re snarky, you’re confident, but that’s really just a mask, isn’t it?” Tony doesn’t respond to Steve’s question, not that Steve actually expected one, so he continues, “You seemed very concerned with what Ben thought of how Peter was doing when we went to breakfast at
“As I was saying, Thor has brought forth into discussion your plight at length with myself and Odin Allfather. He has been…rather persistent that we offer any assistance in our power.” She sighs softly, exchanging a glance with her son. “I must agree. The situation is much different than one we have been asked to help with, and I have never heard of someone, let alone two people, outside of Lady Jane that Thor has championed so fully for.”
, Steve thinks as he presses his fingers to the small blue-white circle over his heart, the enormous expanse of golden-pink sky nearly blinding him. The ocean is dark, threatening to devour him whole, beneath him. Peggy’s words are wobbling and full of static over the radio and barely heard over the roar of the jet engines, but all Steve can think about is the fact that he will never know to whom the symbol on his chest belongs, he will never know what his own symbol is… He will never know what that connection and unyielding love feel like. As the nose of the jet angles toward the water, he promises Peggy that he will be at the Stork Club next week and promises his soulmate he will be back for them, knowing that these are promises he will never be able to keep.
“Stop with the face. Oh, you know exactly which face you’re making, so quit trying to look so innocently confused.”
By the time Sam comes to get him, Steve has beaten three bags to a pile of fabric and sand. His knuckles ache and burn under the wrapping, and there's a dull thrum of pain in his muscles, evidence of the force behind his actions. He unwraps his hands as he heads toward the door, letting the pink-tinged fabric fall into the trash can on his way out. Steve drops down into his chair in the kitchen and watches the bruised, scraped skin on his hands smoothing out, losing its raw appearance. Tony nudges Steve's calf with a foot, warm and solid against the bared flesh, and Steve forces a smile.  Coulson taps his knuckles against the tabletop and waits for everyone's attention.
“I could never have made up someone so intelligent and stubborn and beautiful. I couldn't make up anything about him. And the past thirty years have been amazing because of him.”
acquiesces, lets Tony set the pace - unless he's pissed off about something. Loki, on the other hand, pushes back, he initiates deepening the kiss, and his tongue tangles with Tony's forcefully. The plushness of his lips, the shape of his teeth, the taste are all Steve, but the style is anything but.
A soft knock sounds at the door, and Natasha’s voice comes through, gentle and non-confrontational like he is a wounded animal she doesn’t want to startle.
like it is. He cracks open an eye, blinking away the gummy gunk sealing his lashes together. Someone
His breath catches in his lungs as he focuses on the circle on the page. He’s seen that exact shade before. Without thinking, he shoves the sketchbook away, ignores the pitiful rustle and
Steve blows out a breath and debates whether to ask Loki to come back. He decides to let it go, switching the channel to some show with a canned laugh track.
Steve shoves the device back in his pocket, sprinting outright in the direction Tony gave. He stumbles to a stop twenty feet away and stares at the sight of the Iron Man armour standing still, one boot resting on the chest of Zemo and a gauntlet aimed at his face, repulsor glaringly bright and ready to shoot. The helmet is up, and Tony looks murderous.
Steve draws in a deep breath and does as requested. At first, nothing happens; he feels foolish, standing in the centre of the workshop with everyone staring at him, his eyes shut tightly against, well…nothing. Then a tingling sensation starts in his toes, leaks upwards slowly through his legs, up and up and up until his scalp is throbbing slightly with the magic. His bones are shifting, collapsing in on themselves, and his skin feels like it’s shrinking around his skeleton. Nothing hurts, just like Loki promised, but everything is discomforting. He feels his lungs constrict, ribcage tightening. A vivid green light blares from beyond his closed eyes, blinds him through the lids. He hears a loud gasp as the light flares higher; the feeling of electricity under his skin,
“Take these, and I'll take him. You look like you're about to collapse from exhaustion, so let me help.”
The penthouse is dark and quiet. JARVIS brings the lights up to five percent, just enough that Tony can see where he’s going without tripping over furniture. The AI remains suspiciously silent, doesn’t answer Tony’s questions about what’s going on, where Steve is. Tony considers panicking at the thought of why JARVIS isn't responding, but decides he ultimately doesn't care; he's too tired, mentally drained. Besides, severing the connection between JARVIS and the penthouse is 99.99% impossible, the rest of the tower would lose contact with the system and power source first.
“Yeah, I know. But we're handling this. It isn't gonna happen. Just… Think of Jane, she needs you to stay calm so we can do this without civilian casualties or being arrested.”
“Okay,” Tony says slowly, leaning back a bit from the force of Steve's words. “Okay, not embarrassed, got it. Then what's the problem?”
When Steve gets to the destination, all he finds are a burnt-out shell of a building, what appears to be a body crumpled in the doorway, and two guests. Smoke spirals into wisps over still-smouldering sections of the walls; Natasha stomps her foot down onto a patch of weak flames attempting to grow, then walks over to the truck. Sam is wearing his goggles, examining the ruins. Steve sighs, pushes open the door, and steps out onto the dry, cracked dirt.
“Is this some sort of attempt at office sex? Because steve, darling, sweet-cheeks, all you had to do was ask.”
“Heya, Steve. This is Happy. He’s a good guy, swear. Not a kidnapper. He's gonna take Peter home to his mom.”
“No, Iー I can't lose you, too.” Steve is choking over his words, forcing them out through shuddering breaths and sobs.
Tony swallows, hard, and Steve watches his face closely; a flicker of uncertainty followed by the pure determination that Steve has come to know and love, even when he hates it. “Yeah, maybe she did.” A quick smile then Tony is tugging on Steve's hand. “Come on, Cap, we have a family waiting.”
“Am I calling at a bad time?” he asks a few minutes later, and Bucky’s breathless chuckle answers down the line.
This catches Tony’s full attention, and he sits up in his seat and stares at Steve. Pepper’s eyes narrow, and Steve struggles to not squirm in the booth. He takes a steadying breath and explains what Peter said the other night; the more he talks, the more Tony vibrates next to him. Steve glances over and tries to refrain from rolling his eyes when he sees that Tony is struggling to not laugh. Phil, on the other hand, has no such compunction, though, thankfully, he keeps his laughter quiet. Pepper covers her mouth and coughs daintily, her blue eyes shimmering. Darcy eases plates onto the table silently and leaves them alone in their mirth.
Bucky is standing in the kitchen when Steve makes his way, stretching out the kinks in his back, down the hall. He lifts his hand in a small wave, leans across his best friend to flip the coffeemaker on, and lets himself slump against the counter. Bucky’s hand is familiar when it lands on Steve's shoulder, squeezing.
“I… You’re right. I should’ve told you to your face. I just, I guess I didn’t want to risk you getting into the suit and punching me.”
“Thirty, thirty-five. Lost count after the first wave. Thanks,” she murmurs as she takes the water bottle he holds out. “Stark really outdid himself when he programmed this.”
. As a purely science-driven man, even the word is enough to make him break out in (imaginary) hives. He’s heard of someone nearby who tinkers with magic like Tony tigers with engineering, and from what Tony’s been told, “Strange” isn’t just the guy’s surname – he’s also an odd fellow.
“Ah, let them have their fun, Steve. You know how childish they are. But seriously, this is some amazing shit, who sent it to ya?”
Tony pulls back off of Steve, and his thrusts speed up, increasing in force, and it isn’t long before Steve’s breath is being fucked out of him. He can’t stop it, can’t keep the tear from sliding down his cheek as the air fills with the sound of skin slapping against skin, their cursing and moans and
Once inside Thor's quarters, Eira lead Steve into the bathroom, helped him bathe in steaming water that sent off wafts of something sweet and flowery, and then folded his jeans and T-shirt while he dressed in a long, silky robe that slipped through his fingers like smoke. He cinched the belt around his waist then followed the sorceress to the living room. A large table had been placed in the centre of the room, and all of the other furniture was pushed against the walls. The smell of cooking pork permeated through the air, mingling with the aroma of fresh springtime flowers and lavender incense. Eira brought out an elegant silver tray laden with a teapot, cups, and saucers. The door to Thor's landing pad slid open, and in walked the god of thunder himself, followed closely by Queen Frigga. She allowed her son to take her cloak, smiling at Steve and Tony.
He sees her gaze shift to the card and lunges for it, but he's too late, it's already in her hand. She reads the message, her eyes growing wide.
Steve doesn’t respond beyond a jerky nod, his thoughts having gone haywire. Why would Tony offer up a living space for them ー for
. Now he’s in an amazing relationship with that beautiful boy from Brooklyn, and they have an absolutely gorgeous daughter together.
for watching him. Most people wouldn't be comfortable doing that, especially when their partner is still close friends with the mother.”
The unfurnished apartment in Brooklyn that Steve moves into after the Battle of New York, as everyone is calling it, has clearly seen better days; the paint on the walls is chipped and peeling, and the exposed bricks have nicks, even missing tiny chunks around the edges. It’s nothing like what modern society would lead him to believe is desired, and it’s nothing like what he and Bucky used to share. But it’ll have to do as home, he supposes. He adds Agent Phillip J Coulson’s name to his mental list of losses, wonders how many more times he’s going to have to say goodbye, then steels himself and pushes on. There’s not much to fill his days; he tries to wander around the city, but all the changes only serve to remind him of the ghosts that haunt him.
Steve grimaces as a particularly loud moan comes through his phone’s earpiece loud and clear. “I was just calling to explain like I said I would, but you sound...busy.”
“Yep. I told them to give us an hour before they storm down the door. Don’t be surprised when they don’t give a shit about you.”
“I gotta see this,” announces Tony, and he follows closely behind as Steve goes to Peter’s rescue; and if Tony ends up with a photo on his phone of Steve disentangling the child from the knobs on the dresser drawers, it's only right that Steve get a copy of that picture, as well.
The string quartet starts playing, and the guests straighten in their seats. The officiant comes first, followed by Pepper’s mother. James Rhodes makes his way down the aisle next with a woman on each arm. Steve hasn’t officially met Rhodes, but he’s heard plenty of stories about his and Tony’s wilders days back in college, back before Rhodes went into the Air Force. Plans to meet before now have always fallen through, which Steve understands ー military commitments are hard to navigate around. Behind the groomsmen and bridesmaids comes the maid of honour arm-in-arm with the best man, Nick Fury; this is only the third time of Steve being in Fury’s presence, never mind the fact that Fury owns SHIELD, and Steve still can’t get a read on the other man. He shakes off the discomfort at Fury being a stranger and turns to watch Peter bouncing down the long carpet, a pale-blue satin pillow in hands. Thankfully, someone’s thought ahead and tied the rings to the pillow before letting the child be responsible for their journey down the aisle.
His own cleaning isn’t nearly as soft or slow. Within minutes, he steps out of the shower, wraps a towel around his waist, and pulls Steve out of the stall. Tony’s heart flutters at the small upwards tilt to Steve’s lips. Once he’s dried off Steve’s body, they make their way into their bedroom.
As one, the team lowers their weapons, though none of them relax fully. The woman ー Fate, evidently ー takes a seat in the armchair Bruce vacated, brushing a lock of hair, the colour of sunshine, from her rosy cheeks. Now that he's not on high-alert, Steve can see the lines in her face, gathered at the corners of her eyes and lips, grooves in the surface of her forehead. There's an ancient knowledge in her eyes, a vivid amethyst, that speaks of millennia of experience set beneath delicate brows. Her thick, dark lashes fan her cheeks when she blinks, slow and graceful even in that small motion. The others follow suit, sitting with cautious movements though she gives them no more reason to be so wary apart from her still unexplained presence. She gives them all a faint smile.
A moan slips from Tony's lips as Steve nips at the curve of his neck, and Steve's hands slide around until they're resting on the flat of Tony's stomach. Tony melts into him, head tilting and baring his throat. Steve takes advantage, bites gently at the flesh. He can feel Tony's pulse under his lips, the rushing thump of blood through veins, and he drags his fingers across the waistband of Tony's pants. With a soft sigh, Tony twists his upper body in Steve's grip, his hand coming up to grip Steve's hair, dragging him into a filthy, demanding kiss. Steve's breath catches at the way Tony's tongue immediately fights for dominance, the way that Tony's ass is pressing against his groin, and he brings his hand to Tony's chest, fumbling with the buttons on Tony's shirt. He gets the first three undone before Tony jerks back.
Phil just gives that mysterious smile of his that he's so fond of giving before disappearing through the doors of the photography section. Steve stares after him for a moment but ultimately knows he isn't going to get any answers if Phil doesn't want to give them; he huffs out a laugh and heads back to his desk to wait until Tony arrives.
Tony smiles, a thin-pressed twist to his lips, and exits the room. Steve barely manages to suppress a sigh of frustration as his partner disappears. Once he’s led the royal party to the guest floor, he leaves them with a smile, turns, and sets off in search of Tony. JARVIS is, shockingly, no help, ignoring Steve’s requests for Tony’s location. The workshop is empty, the penthouse is dark. Only Bruce is in the communal kitchen; he looks apologetic when he tells Steve he hasn’t seen Tony. Steve even tries calling Pepper who snaps that she’s too busy to be Tony’s babysitter.
Leave it to Natasha to figure out where his uncertainty stems from. She lets him go with an order to come back that evening for a “lesson in feminine traditions.” She says the last part with enough scorn and disdain, that he’s almost terrified to show up at the designated time. But he steels himself to the plan and goes to find Tony.
“Still a kiss, Cap.” Natasha drops lightly to the floor and pads to the fridge. “Talk to Stark yet?”
Steve takes the time to set his bag on the table just inside his door, then follows the pair down to the underground parking garage. Tony clips Peter into his car seat with the ease only a parent has. Once the door is shut, Tony gestures toward the front passenger door with a small, teasing smirk.
Steve flushes furiously, fumbling for the door handle. Tony's laughter, thankfully, isn't malicious or mocking, just amused. The car passes multiple diners and restaurants, but Tony doesn't appear to even glance at any of them as they travel in stop-and-go traffic. The silence between the adults would be awkward if not for Peter's excited chatter; he talks animatedly about Optimus Prime and the rest of the Transformers, the kind of dog he wants ("One who can play with me and love me, and I can love it, and it can even sleep in my bed!"), his pre-kindergarten class and all the things he's learning, and even what he liked about the shows he watched while in Steve's care. Tony's brow furrows when his son mentions "Chief G'espie" and "Dibbs", and Steve makes a note to explain further at a later time.
JARVIS helpfully projects said footage onto a holoscreen; the feed is timestamped from the moment Natasha entered the communal floor at 8:23pm, moving at five-times speed until it reached 02:49am. Thankfully, Loki had stayed in his room all night. Having to explain why the god who’d tried to take over the world is in the tower would have been difficult. Even better, the police accepted both the video and “Ms Crawford’s” word, and turned to leave, apologising for the interruption and bidding them all a good day. The elevator doors slide shut, and Steve sighs a breath of relief.
“Barring any unforeseen surprises in the blood sample, we’ll want you to come back in about four weeks. Does the sixteenth of next month, at 10:45 a.m., work for you?” At Steve’s nod, she jots a note down on the calendar. “Okay. Oh, and Ms Crawford?”
Steve’s sigh is wet and harsh through the static of the comm line. “They had some device that froze up your armour.”
Their relationship fizzled long before he decided to acknowledge it. She hung on because she had hopes that he’d change. And he tried, but ultimately, it became a long list of excuses and “After this project, Pep, I promise we’ll go to Paris or somewhere equally fantastic, just the two of us, sorry our plans have to be put on hold, found something slightly more important than our relationship and your happiness.” He’s still shocked that she stayed with him as long as she did; it’s taken a while, but he’s finally past the angry-at-himself stage for fucking up so much. It helps that she wouldn’t let their friendship deteriorate. Once they had their time apart, they became closer than even in the best times of their relationship. She was the one who forced him to confront his feelings for Steve, and that was an awkward conversation.
“How about we go back over there, so he doesn't worry if he doesn't see you in the apartment any more? We can have cereal there.”
“No, thank you. I just came for Stark’s latest designs on the Quinjet and to make sure Barton makes it to the meeting on time.”
Kate blows him a kiss as she stalks away. The shout-singing is still going on in the background, and Steve digs in his drawer for his earbuds, hooking them up to his phone and stuffing the buds into his ear. Marvin Gaye thankfully drowns out the sound of his friends being childish idiots; he hesitates then opens his texting app.
“Steve, I know it's hard to hear, but Barnes… He's not your friend any more. At least, not the same way. He may still have himself down inside, but that's been covered up and brainwashed into a weapon. It really is in everyone's best interest if SHIELD has him, just until we're sure it's safe.”
Well, this is it - the final chapter. I've enjoyed writing this fic so much, and I hope you've enjoyed reading it. There
“Steve, I love the snark and sass, I really do, but be serious, oh my god, did those words come out of my mouth.”
The door closes with a quiet click, and Steve thanks JARVIS when the lights come up to a moderate level. His body aches from the long drive, and he’s honestly physically exhausted. He drops his duffel bag to the floor, makes his way to the kitchen to get some food. The expiry dates on the food in the fridge are different, he notices and pulls out the carton of eggs. After eating in the echoing silence, he checks the time; it’s almost two in the morning, so Steve knows he should go to bed. But he can’t. He ends up sprawled across the sofa, watching some awful “reality” television shows, as the hours tick past.
“Because you're hopeless when it comes to dates,” replies Clint without an ounce of shame or apology.
Four nights after Steve stands in the middle of his gallery debut, Tony finally appears. He's drunk again, but Steve's come to accept that it'll probably always be that way. Tony doesn't seem to find a problem with it, and Steve can't find a way to request that he cut back on his drinking without sounding judgemental. So he lets it go, again, and soaks in the warmth of Tony’s presence, drunk or not.
going. When Tony sits beside him, it’s close, closer than Steve expected, but he doesn’t complain. The warmth Tony is giving off is pleasant, comforting. It keeps the loneliness at bay. Steve lets himself melt into the cushions, forces his brain to not dwell on the fact that their knees are pressed together.
Too soon, Tony breaks the kiss, pulling back with a harsh gasp of breath. Their chests are heaving, both panting brokenly though they've done nothing but kiss. Tony stares down at Steve with wide eyes, black nearly overtaking the brown, and his lips twitch minutely before giving way to a full-blown grin.
When Doctor Cavendish finally gives him permission to start pushing, Steve’s thankful beneath the exhaustion.
“I get it. It’s a lot to risk. You don’t have to agree if you don’t want to, Tony, nobody’s gonna force you,” Steve reassures him with a low voice.
Sleep evades him. Steve tosses and turns, desperately trying to get comfortable, but the restless feeling persists. Finally, he gives up, a decision the baby seems to fully support if the way she’s moving around is any indication. He piles pillows behind his back, reclines against them, and grabs the book on his nightstand, one he borrowed from Thor.
debates, this is non-negotiable. You have until Friday to adhere to the stipulations, or SI will cut our losses and close you down. Permanently. Have a good day.”
“Absolutely not.” Tony’s angry expression doesn’t fade. His body remains taut with tension. “You’re a dick, and you’re goddamn right that you’re a coward. What self-respecting person would put that kind of information in a
“Just… Forget it. Go on, go be with Delilah, get married and have lots of babies. Make sure to tell me, or well, tell Pepper, where you're registering so I, and by 'I’, I mean she, can send you the most expensive thing on the list. Let's just pretend this conversation never happened.”
Steve sees Clint and Kate's heads pop up, their faces turning in his direction, but he's focused solely on the way Sharon's not speaking, the silence dragging on a beat too long.
The archer disappears without another word. Tony holds Steve as tightly as he dares; Steve clings to his partner, still shaking from what happened downstairs. He can’t quit reliving it, over and over. With a squeak, he shoves Tony away, rushes to the attached bathroom, and drops to his knees in front of the toilet just in time. Gentle fingers scrape strands of hair away from Steve’s face, holds his hair hair out of the way as he vomits up everything in his stomach. Tony murmurs soft reassurances the entire time, rubbing Steve’s back soothingly until the blond is done. Steve considers protesting when Tony cancels the rest of his meetings and plans for the day, but ultimately, he lets it go, lets Tony comfort and hold him and keep the world outside.
) arm in small, steady streams, and it took Sam, Clint, and Steve – along with the threat of being blasted in the face with a repulsor beam – to keep Thor from attacking the redhead. When she stared at the wound, motionless and expectant, Steve understood. The question of whether the healing factor transferred was a good one. Though Loki had taken Steve’s form, he bled just as freely as in his own, without sign of stopping quickly. Loki had simply waved a hand, and the gash disappeared.
as an adult), lunch, spending time in the workshop with the bots and Tony whenever he's around, sparring with Natasha and Clint, dinner, movies or games, bed, just to repeat it all the next day. The hours he spends down in the 'shop are a relief against the barrage of news playing on every station, daytime talk shows and radio segments all rehashing the exact same things over and over until Steve feels like he could scream from the monotony. Reporters and newscasters all over the country have given mixed reactions to the signing of the Accords. Some more conservative ones say the Avengers ー and
. Yeah, I don't like it, and yeah, it sucks, but it's necessary, and I'll get through this the way I do everything else - by focusing on the end goal."
“Sir would like to know if you are planning on standing there all night, or if you would like to come in.”
Tony makes a noise in the back of his throat. “Damn, you blush so beautifully, I wanna see what else makes you turn so red.”
, Steve thinks at the sight of the masks of Thalia and Melpomene on Peggy’s exposed shoulder. He swallows the hurt and disappointment and lets her guide him to the bed.
“Please get the little munchkin in here. His mother has been going crazy worrying about whether or not he’s getting to be too much to handle or too bored or whatever.”
written in Sharpie on the side; the handwriting is unfamiliar, causing a sense of foreboding to tingle up his spine.
“Yeah, he was great. There weren't any problems at all. Thank you for letting me watch him all week.”
“I’m a master at hiding it. But seriously, did you really expect me to be upset? You’ve left on business trips before.”
The door slams, the sound echoing in the otherwise quiet space, and Steve takes the last few flights down at a near run. Bucky is silent as he drives them to SHIELD. He flashes Steve a sympathetic smile when they arrive and part to go to their separate workspaces.
“Oh, you answered, thank fuck. Look, I know I said I’d have something figured out, but the plan fell through so I’m really sorry, but can you please pick him up at three? It’s just for today, and I promise I’ll have another plan figured out by tomorrow.”
“This is incredibly sexy, Steve.” He presses a kiss to the lace, laps at the very edge of the g-string’s crotch, moans at the taste flooding his tongue. “God, I wanna devour you.”
He’s just gotten to his area when his phone dings in his pocket. He fishes it out as he sets his mug on the surface of his desk.
“Why are you here?” he asks wearily, lowering himself into the armchair by the window; he winces at the scratchy fabric against his exposed arms.
“Then stop hiding whenever something goes wrong!” Steve sighs, crossing his arms over his chest. “You’ve been really good at talking things through with me, excluding the time before all of this started. What happened?”
“Uh, okay. Wait. Petey, we've been through this. No going outside of the apartment unless I give you permission.”
“It’s okay, babe. Take your time. Let’s just… Let me take care of you. We can talk about this after.”
“I'm aware of that. But, Steve… If we don't bring him in, under our protection, where he can be watched and trained and
Three hours later, Tony walks into the communal living room, a black cast encasing his left wrist and a bandage covering the stitches in his forehead. Steve immediately puts his mug of tea on the table and climbs to his feet. Tony lets the blond fuss over him for a few minutes, then pulls Steve in for as tight of an embrace as his body will allow.
Everyone greets them loudly when Steve and Tony step off the lift. Steve breathes in slowly, but no nausea or urge to empty his stomach is forthcoming, so he laces his fingers through Tony’s and heads toward the table. Nat pushes the chair next to her out for Steve, smacking Tony’s hand with a chopstick when he reaches for the potstickers. Steve doesn’t rush as he eats. The pregnancy books taught him that trick – but not before he’d lost three or four meals by eating at his usual pace.
“When I was young, before it was trained out of me, I used to wonder if I’d grow up, get married, and have kids. Then the graduation ceremony happened, and now, I’ll never know. If my life had been different, if I hadn’t become a product of the Red Room and my training, maybe I would have. But that choice was taken from me a long time ago.” She sets her mug on the table silently. “Talk to Tony, Steve. Don’t try to take the choice away from him. If you need help, by all means, come to me. Go to Bruce. Maybe even Clint. But talk. To. Tony.”
Steve listens in rapt silence as Tony speaks in a tight, hushed voice about the alien soldiers and warships on the other side. He tells Steve about what the witch made him see, his greatest fears brought to the forefront of his mind, and he talks of his plans for world safety. Steve isn’t quite sure how or when it happens, but he finds himself sitting on the edge of the bed, watching as Tony struggles to keep the emotion out of his voice. Eventually, the stream of words stops; Steve hesitates but ultimately reaches out to wrap a hand around Tony’s shoulder. A pleasant, heady warmth blooms in his chest at the contact and the way that Tony doesn’t shrug him off.
The week drags on, like time is wont to do when one has something they're excited about on their calendar. Steve goes home early on Friday afternoon, unable to concentrate on his comics because he's so easily distracted by thoughts of Tony and how he'd felt over Steve the night they started this dating thing. Steve had nearly jumped out of his skin at every little noise in the office, and the long walk back to the apartment had done little to get rid of all the nervous tension.
“Sleep is for the weak,” Tony says with a snort. “J, add about twenty percent ー no, God no, too much, uh, make it seventeen ー there we go. Yay, less chance of death.”
“Captain Rogers has been dreaming for nearly half an hour, unresponsive to my attempts of waking him up for five minutes.”
The doctor tells him gently he needs to prepare for the inevitable, it's coming sooner than any of them would like. Sarah Rogers just isn't improving, and there's no rational reason to expect a miracle this far into the decline. Steve punches him in the mouth, feeling oddly like he's watching himself from the outside, like he's not in control of himself, and the doctor stumbles but doesn't react. Steve doesn't apologise, merely heads back down the hall and plants himself in the chair beside his ma’s bed, resuming his vigil.
“Okay, Mister Rogers, I'll make a note of it, and his teacher will gather up any homework he might have today. Anything else?”
“I am aware of how our first interaction has coloured your opinion of me, and I… I accept that. The way I behaved is unforgivable, and you and Mister Stark have every reason to have said ‘no’ to my involvement. Declining would have been fully understandable. So I thank you for allowing me this opportunity to begin making amends.”
“No, he is not, but you are more than welcome to go into the workshop if you would like. I assure you that you are allowed in there and that everything confidential or proprietary is locked away and cannot be accessed by anyone other than Sir.”
To his credit, Thor’s smile doesn’t dim – much. “Loki will cast a transfiguration spell upon Steve when you are ready. He will remain at your service until after the recovery from childbirth. He has accepted to take Steve’s place in battle by transfiguring himself to take Steve’s form, which will end the moment he arrives back in the tower, as we’ve discussed before. The spell will need to be recast periodically,  but it will be effective until the end, I can assure you.”
It's a sign of how accustomed Steve is to Tony's personality that he doesn't question the change in subject, doesn't take the inquiry as a slight against his choice of location. He concentrates, and two steaming cups of coffee appear before them. Tony cackles delightedly, takes one.
Steve has been in this form for almost five months. The media storm surrounding the arrival of a "strange woman in Iron Man and Captain America's lives" died down within the first outing in which Tony and Loki were photographed alone on a date, sharing a dessert and holding hands. Steve has gotten better at hiding how jealous he is that Loki has taken his place, is able to be seen in public with Tony. Natasha has helped significantly; more often than not, Steve could be found in her quarters talking over tea, watching romantic comedies (a secret pleasure of hers that Steve has sworn to never tell a living soul as long as he lives), or allowing her to teach him more about being "feminine" according to society's standards.
Steve walks away before Natasha can say anything else. His mind wanders as he boards the elevator and waits until it stops rising. When the doors open, he’s shocked to see he’s looking out onto the corridor on Natasha’s floor and she’s standing just beyond the lift. He raises an eyebrow; she beckons him into her apartment with a soft smile.
This dream is set in an enormous studio apartment, one that Steve had drawn after seeing it in a magazine ー roomy with large, floor-to-ceiling windows that overlook an ocean and let in so much sunlight, it’s like there are no roofs or walls to block out the outdoors. There’s no furniture beyond an oversized bean-bag chair, but that’s okay, they don’t need it. Tony has his mechanics books, and Steve is content with sketching the scenery with the warmth of Tony by his side. They’ve spent so much time together the past nine years, they rarely need to speak any more. Instead, they just know what the other is feeling. Most of the time. Sometimes, Tony's a closed book, the scenery around them changing rapidly and his expression blank even as Steve tries his damnedest to get Tony to open up. Other times, Steve is lost in himself, stuck in freezing rain with Tony shivering next to him, but he can't stop the thoughts swirling around in his brain, he can't force them to a new location ー somewhere bright and warm, away from storm clouds and grey skies and a bone-deep cold that lingers even after Steve wakes. But here, in this apartment, it feels more like home than anywhere else Steve has ever been, inside and out of the dreams.
Tony scrubs a hand over his face, exhales sharply; at Steve's small smile, he nods, steeling his resolve, and leans in toward Loki. A loud, frustrated groan breaks them apart before their lips can meet.
The cold doesn’t seem to have kept the city indoors, but none of the people appear to have any desire to linger. They push their way down the sidewalks, speak only to the ones they’re with, and none of them give a damn that they pass by the CEO of Stark Industries, the Black Widow, and the “woman” who’s currently pregnant with Captain America and Iron Man’s baby. Steve sips his hot chocolate and listens as Pepper and Natasha commiserate over the misogynistic tendencies of men in high positions of power. He wants to sympathise, as he’s recently undergone the same treatment from random men on the street, but he keeps quiet: A few instances, creepy and disgusting though they were, pale in comparison to a lifetime of experience.
Steve stops suddenly, but he doesn't turn around. He stands there with tight shoulders. Tony aches to touch him, but he won't let himself be the first to make a move. Not after that. He closes his eyes, drops his chin to his chest, and waits.
The silence is damning: Tony tenses up, his chest completely still as he stops breathing for a moment. Neither of them speak, and, while Steve makes jokes about Tony’s overwhelming inability to be quiet, he would do anything,
“Oh, this oughtta be good,” drawls a previously-unseen Clint from his perch on the counter separating the kitchen and living room.
the worst thing you have ever done, Tony. I have stood by your side and defended you through scandals, bad decisions, unpleasant choices that left a lot of people unhappy, through everything. But I will not defend you or make excuses for you through this. You’re on your own. Clint, please get him out of here, take him home. I… I can’t do this right now.”
Feeling a lot like he's been doused in icy water, Steve shudders, swallows thickly. His hand spasms where it's resting against the seam of Tony's pants, and Tony whines softly at the pressure. But eventually, Steve manages to drag his hands away, off of the brunet's body, though it's the last thing he really wants to do. Tony exhales unsteadily and pulls away.
The regal party departs from Earth that evening, leaving Steve with the promise of a speedy return. Tony enters the penthouse late, even by his standards. Steve has already showered, written a letter to Bucky, and finished The Things They Carried by the time his boyfriend stumbles in; his suit is rumpled, and his hair sticks up at odd angles. Steve feels a shot of anger flit up his spine as he avoids watching Tony unsteadily make his way around the room. Once he’s dressed in a pair of worn sweats, Tony climbs into bed, scooting closer to Steve immediately. He rears back when Steve doesn’t open his arms for him like he normally does.
“I was supposed to drop him off with his mom. That Friday night. I – we had it planned that I’d take him home once we were done with dinner. But she was coming to get him anyway, because, well, she knows me. She knows I’m fucking terrible at remembering deadlines and important times. Hell, I can barely remember my own social security number ninety percent of the time, all I know is one of the digits is, like, five?, maybe?, so she’s not wrong. Anyway, she was coming to get the pipsqueak, and there was an accident. Some asshole ran a red light, slammed into the side of her car. She and her driver are fine, well, Happy more so than Pepper, but they’re both going to pull through. She had some complications during surgery, so she has to stay in the hospital for a bit longer. But, yeah, it’s a clusterfuck and it’s not your responsibility to make sure that Peter’s looked after, but here you are, watching him like – not a pro, but not quite an amateur, either – and he enjoys being around you, which is why I was trying to pay you. I… I really didn’t mean to offend you.”
Steve yawns. “Maybe? I guess he did seem a bit happier than expected when Nat got the call from the cops. I just figured he was relieved that she – Oh, no. Oh, no, no, no, no.”
“Look, Tony, just be honest. If you really don’t want children, tell me, and I’ll drop it. But please don’t say you don’t just because of some fear of turning out like Howard. I’ll be there every step of the way to make sure that you won’t, with or without children. Because I love you very much, and my life would be so empty without you.”
ing noise and nudges at Steve’s hand when it becomes clear that Steve is too far lost in thought. Steve huffs out a laugh and continues wiping the metal clean. With a sigh, Steve glances at the door, an odd sense of being watched washing over him before he shrugs it off as the presence of JARVIS’s cameras.
Happy closes the door quietly after Steve backs away. Steve shifts his weight between his feet, awkward all of a sudden, then steps back further. Happy rounds the car, stops by the driver's side door, and stares at Steve with an unreadable expression, before nodding once succinctly. He slides into the seat and starts up the car, driving away almost immediately. Steve sighs and makes his way back to his apartment.
“Don't hafta apologise, Tony, I like you being around. You didn't fuck up my life. You made it better.” Steve pauses. “But I wouldn't say no to you not drinkin’ so much.”
Ben nods at Steve once Peter is back in his seat. True to the old man's word, their plates arrive within moments. The trio eats in silence, even though Steve wants to stand on the table and sing praises about the French toast and scrambled eggs he's devouring. Tony smiles like he knows exactly what's going on inside Steve's brain.  Steve is surprised when he sees that Peter eats almost three-quarters of his food; Tony goes to the till to pay, and Steve takes advantage of the fact his back is turned to pull out his wallet. He slides a ten under the edge of his plate, hurriedly shoving the billfold back into his pocket as Tony turns towards the table. Peter giggles when Steve puts a finger to his own lips.
“Clint's mostly deaf, and Pietro is loud enough to break glass.” Her unimpressed expression turns to glee. “You gonna tell Bucky who your sugar daddy is?”
Bucky stares at Steve as if his best friend has suddenly grown three extra heads. Finally, he mutters, “Yeah, whatever. Go get ready for work.”
“Find Bucky, yeah, I got that. But what, you didn’t think I deserved to have you tell me to my face that your precious Bucky killed my parents?”
, and since she didn't tell me until right before we were leaving, which was just cruel of her, I figured I'd wait here and tell you when you got home, so hi, welcome home, get changed, 'cause we gotta go.”
Steve nods once, a succinct motion, turning away from him. Tony follows him onto the elevator; the ride is silent, and Tony fights the urge to crack a joke. He knows it isn’t what Steve needs. So he remains quiet as Steve disappears into their bathroom, strips his clothes off with single-minded precision, and steps into the large shower. The water starts up a moment later, but Steve makes no move toward cleaning himself. He just stands under the spray, staring straight ahead at the wall. Tony watches through the pebbled glass doors until the sight of his partner is obscured by steam; by then, his worry, his guilt, has climbed to new highs. He unzips his pants, letting them fall to the heated tile beneath his feet, and pulls off his shirt. Steve doesn’t react as the brunet opens the door and steps in behind him, close enough to feel the slight trembles in his muscles.
Steve forces a grin in response, nodding succinctly though he doesn’t believe Sam’s words; the other man catches Natasha’s eye, his gaze dropping quickly to her lips before darting back up, and he opens his mouth as if to say something. Natasha responds by pushing gently, playfully, on his forehead until he’s no longer leaning into the car. Her teeth are biting at her lower lip in an attempt to stop her smile, but Steve sees it anyway. Sam pats the car with a hand, steps back so Steve can pull away from the curb. Natasha doesn’t speak for the four and a half hours it takes to get to the Tower, just stares out the window as the vents blow out warm air. Her hair is pulled back into a messy bun, stray strands of vivid red dancing in the slight breeze, and Steve glances at her as she gathers up the bag of trash from the drive.
Blissful warmth surrounds him the instant Tony passes through the door. He pauses just inside, closing his eyes and letting out a slow breath. Once he feels slightly less tense, he makes his way through the penthouse to the bedroom. He comes to a stop in the doorway.
“I wish he could be here,” Steve whispers. “He would love this. The technology, the easy access to all these different cultures… He probably wouldn’t be so thrilled about us trusting Loki, though.”
“Yes, we're friends, rah rah, now answer my question. Who are you? And why the hell have you come here in the middle of the living room of
Cameras flash, blinding and rapid, and Tony gives them his best smile, ignores how it suddenly feels so wrong on his face. Thankfully, it doesn't take long for him to walk the gauntlet, ignoring the questions being shouted at him along the way, and he's sliding into the backseat of the limo in a few short minutes. The drive back to the tower is uneventful, quiet, and Tony watches as buildings and people pass outside of the window. Happy pulls into the underground garage, idles by the elevator, and Tony waves him off and steps out on his own. He doesn't board the lift until the limo has disappeared from sight, most likely heading back to the gala for the rest of the team.
Tony locked himself in the workshop for nearly two days; he wouldn't even let Steve or Pepper in, using JARVIS to pass on messages. By the time he emerged, Steve had been close to mounting a one-man rescue mission to save the genius from overworking himself. Steve asked, but Tony refused to give any details about what he was working on. They ate a quick lunch together - the first meal in forty-eight hours that they shared; Tony showered alone (after Steve declined, three times, to join), and they spent a few hours watching mindless TV sitcoms. At five-thirty, Tony pulled Steve to his feet and dragged him to the elevator.
And indeed, Loki has. Steve’s legs are long, slender, drowning in the fabric of his sweats. His chest is no longer flat with the smooth curve of muscles, but has two round swells. Maybe he’s spent too much time with Clint and Tony, because his hands itch to explore his new breasts. His shirt dwarfs him, hangs off his shoulders, and soft hair brushes the exposed skin. He meets Tony’s gaze and forces a smile.
Gentle fingers caressing his scalp are the only warning he gets that Natasha has arrived. She lets him have his internal freak-out in silence for a few minutes then tugs softly on his hair. He follows her into the bathroom, watches as she opens a drawer and pulls out a box. She steps out of the room with a kind smile, closing the door quietly behind her. Steve takes a deep breath and slides a shaking finger under the flap; quickly, he reads and follows the instructions. He washes his hands, leaves the bathroom to sit by Nat on the bed. He’s grateful for the fact that she allows him to cling to her hand while they wait. When the time is up, he turns to her with pleading eyes, and she gives him an amused smile but doesn’t comment as she goes into the bathroom to check the result.
Steve smiles and cups Tony's jaw with a hand, guiding his head until their lips meet again, this time sweeter and less hurried, soft drags of their lips; he chuckles quietly at the muffled moan Tony makes low in his throat. “Hi.”
“That's not helping, Steve,” Tony laughs softly, but his lips are tender on Steve's forehead, so Steve doesn't think he's really mad.
Ma’s gone before the sun even rises the next morning, and Steve finally understands why Tony drinks so much.
One particularly bad night prevents Steve from being able to stay peacefully in bed. He spends four hours tossing and turning before giving up with a frustrated sigh. He throws back his blankets, clambers out of bed, and pulls on a pair of sleep-pants. He walks slowly through the corridors of the residential floors, staring at each of the symbols on the doors ー a small black spider on a red circular background, a purple bow against black, a lightning bolt behind a realistic etching of Mjolnir… His lips twitch at the green squared fist, a beaker with three tiny circles on the knuckles, on Bruce’s door. Steve isn’t paying much attention to where his feet are taking him, so he stumbles to a stop, confused and surprised to see that he’s standing outside the dark glass walls of the workshop.
"Sounds like you had a busy night, kiddo. Why don't you go sit back down, the food will be out in a minute. It's great to see you again, Tony."
“You saw me this morning, you freak,” replies Tony, even as he stretches up to tug Steve back down into another kiss. “I missed you, too.”
"I'm okay. Daddy had to leave yesterday for a 'mergency -" Here, Tony's eyes flash dangerously in Steve's direction, and Steve makes another mental note of yet another thing to explain and possibly apologise for. "- so I stayed with Steve, he lives 'cross the hall, and we drawed and coloured and watched TV and then I ax'dently fell asleep before Daddy came back, but Steve was really nice, so Daddy brought him here with us to thank him."
“Good. He’s my best friend, closer and dearer to me than pretty much anyone else in my life, and I’ll always love him, but he can sometimes lose himself in that giant brain of his.”
By the time the car comes to a stop, they've driven for nearly forty-five minutes, Peter has begun entertaining himself with a hidden object book, and Steve has started feeling like an idiot for not being able to think of acceptable conversation starters. Tony hasn't seemed to feel uncomfortable by the silence, however, so Steve doesn't bring it to his attention. Peter immediately latches onto Steve's hand once he's out of the car, and Steve darts a glance in Tony's direction. All the brunet does is smile and wrap his fingers around his son's free hand.
“Fine, if you insist.” Tony sits back against the seat, smiling widely at Pepper. “How do you think it went?”
Tony slides under the blankets, curving his body around Steve’s. “I just wouldn’t mention it to Fury or the WSC. They might not be happy about it. But anyway, ignoring that… I know you have the most upstanding moral code known to man, but they don’t have that kinda code. The compass they follow is looser, less black-and-white, less strict. Let them do this, Cap. Okay?”
The restaurant that Tony drives them to is a bit more upscale than Steve is used to, but that nervousness is overshadowed by his anxiousness about meeting Pepper. Tony seems to see his emotions on his face since he reaches over the console once the car is parked and brings Steve's hand to his lips. Steve exhales shakily, squeezes Tony's hand gently, and nods.
“Fine, fine,” Steve concedes with a laugh, unable as ever to resist doing everything in his power to make Tony keep smiling like that.
“He’s a kid,” replies Tony with a shrug. “I don’t really trust his judgment with a lot of things, but he’s rarely wrong when it comes to people. He’s better than me at that. But anyway. It took me promising him that I’d apologise and ask you politely to please resume babysitting him, for him to calm down and get ready for school, so here I am apologising.”
By Doctor Cavendish’s calculations, Steve is thirty-five weeks along, thankfully nearing the end of the pregnancy. He’s loved the experience, enjoyed so much the feeling of the baby growing inside of him. It’s made having sex a bit awkward, especially during the last few weeks, and the so-called “morning” sickness has made a comeback, but overall, it’s been an amazing experience. He doesn’t think he’ll want to do it again, though.
“Uh, is there any specific reason you're watchin’ me walk across a hallway that's barely ten feet wide?”
The man finally gets hold of whatever he's looking for and pulls out...a cell phone. Shame wars with the fear Steve's feeling, even as the man says a greeting to whoever's calling him. Steve jumps when the man raps on the door again, waves his phone in the air in front of the peephole.
Steve carefully lays a sleeping Peter on the couch and walks quietly into the kitchen for a kid-sized cup of water; once that's done, he detours to the small backpack on the floor by the door, grabbing the orange, stuffed pig from its depths. He sets the cup on the coffee table and tucks Piggly under Peter's arm. He waits a moment, debating, then decides he needs to get medicine into Peter to lower his fever. He keeps his door and Tony's open as he hurriedly searches for a thermometer and children's ibuprofen in the drawers. Medication and thermometer in hand, he rushes back to his own apartment, taking a second to make sure Tony's apartment is locked up again.
Tony seems to relax, and Steve smiles at him, turns the topic to something inane, unimportant, glad that Tony talks and talks, enough for the two of them.
Steve spends most of his time during the next two weeks in the near-abandoned gym in SHIELD’s lower levels. He’s well aware that he is constantly being watched, no matter what he does. His skin prickles under the scrutiny of the agents monitoring the video feeds as he makes his way through the gigantic building ー from room to gym to canteen to Records and back again. He’s left mostly alone; the only conversations he gets are from the staff who give him his meals and the agents who give him files and books on the seven decades he’s missed out on, and he doesn’t really consider “Burger, please and thank you” to be stimulating conversation.
“Classy,” Natasha calls from the doorway. “Barnes, Phil needs you yesterday, there was a problem with the shoot from the other day.”
, since it's due to go to the printers in three days, but he hasn't had much luck concentrating on that comic. He has had idea after idea for the man in the metal armour and whatever adventures he should go on, so he's been able to produce much more content for it. It still isn't ready for publication, however, but he doesn't mind. He also doesn't mind that the inspiration for Iron Man’s appearance outside of his suit came from his neighbour's strikingly good looks.
in the dark. It took a moment, but then he heard a quiet sniffle and took a step towards the noise. Wet breathing echoed slightly, leading him further into the room. His thighs collided with something firm yet yielding ー a mattress.
“Well, that’s not true,” Steve says, not able to bear the sudden sadness on Peter’s face at the mention of the other kids’ words.
To be fair, Tony figures it was bound to happen, and he's only surprised that it took six months for Steve to corner him and demand an explanation. Six long months of swallowing down bitterness and something that definitely isn't jealousy, every time Steve and Delilah, of course that's her name, were together and Tony stumbled across them. Six months of forcing himself not to flinch or flee whenever Steve mentioned date after date after date  Then he'd had to start pretending that he was thrilled when Steve didn't come back to the tower for days at a time, showing up randomly looking sated and blissed out in a way that only comes from one place, and it isn't anywhere but a bed (unless one happens to be an exhibitionist, then that's a different story). Tony wasn't sure exactly when, but it started feeling a lot like the tower was merely a place to visit for Steve, now, like he didn't even live with them any more.
It's far more than Steve ever expected for his life. It's had its ups and downs, far too many downs, that he never dared dream for a family beyond what he used to have. But he'll always have his Ma and Peggy and the Commandos, and he's gotten Bucky back ー or as close to Bucky as he'll ever be again, and it's enough, it
Bucky barely glances at him as he pulls a box of honey-nut Cheerios from the cupboard. “No idea. It was shoved under the door.”
“He's not my sugar daddy,” denies Steve automatically, and he regrets that immediately when both Pietro and Clint start cackling and singing
Tony drops his head into his hands and sighs. The translator is having a difficult time explaining to the plant overseer what Tony is requiring, and Tony himself is starting to nurse a headache of massive proportions. The clock in the corner of the screen reads 2:38am. He knows Steve is already in bed, and all he wants is to join his partner, but… Duty calls, and all that.
A wall of disappointment crashes over him. He’s tried multiple times in the last four days to take the edge off the tightly-coiled spring of arousal keeping him walking the fine line between unwavering irritability and outright lashing out. This past month without Tony is the longest he’s gone without even quick, rushed sex with his partner since the beginning of their relationship, and the hormones from this damn pregnancy certainly aren’t making this any easier.
She's dressed in threadbare cotton shorts, possibly leftovers from when Pepper still lived in the tower, or maybe they're loaners from Natasha, and one of Steve's shirts, one of the ones that Clint had bought him as a gag gift for his last birthday, Tony can't see the logo but he recognises the ugly salmon colour and the way the neckline starts to dip in a sharp V. She looks thrilled to be here, she looks like she belongs at Steve's  side, and isn't that just a kick in the teeth  He sucks in a harsh breath at the tightening sensation in his throat, the taste of bile and something unidentifiable rising up his esophagus, at the way his vision dims just slightly and goes grey at the edges.
Tony is unable to remember a time he’s ever been this happy. It certainly never happened when he was a child, and as an adult, the only ‘happiness’ he found was fabricated with drugs, alcohol, and the revolving door of never-ending bed partners. Falling in love had never been in the plans, especially not falling in love with
Clint cuts in, peering  over his shoulder as  he scans their surrou. “We're starting to attract attention, Cap, we need to move.”
that look, he saw it often enough in the beginning, and thinking about having to see it again sends a wave of nausea through him. He nearly misses the trash can as he vomits.
The rest of the day passes without event. The officers call shortly before dinner, relaying the news that Mr Greene is refusing to discuss what happened and will not be pressing charges. Natasha looks relieved, even though she really had nothing to do with the attack. Sam and Thor make a delicious roast chicken (or five, judging by the fact the platter doesn’t seem to empty) that’s devoured in record time; the team, including the Asgardians, watch reruns of
“Brucie-Bear knows and is okay with our plans for the day, aren’t you, Bruce? I figured once Murder-Face and Robin Hood knew when it was happening, and you’d told Sam, it’d be okay to tell my platonic science-soulmate, and he’s fine with it.”
Steve tightens his grip on Tony, thinking hard about the words he wants to use. It’s been almost two years since Tony slammed into his life with the grace of a runaway freight train, and whatever Steve says now
“Bringing him to the tower. No, don't roll your eyes, Katniss, you know if I want to keep someone out, I can. No, look, I can set up an area on the residential floors, block off all technology and access to weapons, sensitive information, what have you, take everything away that can be used in any potential way, leave only JARVIS still attached, still monitoring. That way everyone is safe from any potential threat from Barnes, but Barnes is also not stuck in some isolated room, cut off from everyone except whatever head doctors SHIELD can scrounge up in the aftermath of the info dump.” Tony sighs, leans forward. “I can find people who can help, really, JARVIS is so much better at digging for information about people than anyone in your organisation is, which, by the way, Fury was supposed to dismantle SHIELD, but you're still operating, which means HYDRA has plenty of chance to infiltrate again.”
The words are barely out of his mouth when he pushes his door open, takes a step, and almost instantly trips over the metal weatherstrip that runs under the door. His cheeks burn, and he ducks his head as Tony laughs behind him. When he turns around, it's to see that Tony isn't even trying to hide his amusement.
A loud buzzing breaks up the silence in the room, and Steve stretches out his back, sighing in relief as the joints pop; he’d forgotten what a pain it is to sit on the floor for so long. Tony’s name is on his phone’s screen when he pulls it from his bag. Quickly glancing at Peter, who’s completely absorbed by his own art, Steve pushes himself to his feet and answers the call after he’s made his way to the kitchen.
, beyond the cold numbness that his mother’s death has caused. He doesn’t even feel selfish right now, even though he’s leeching strength and comfort from Tony. He feels like he's at home, wrapped in security and safety.
“Tequila is a terrible mouthwash,” he mutters to the empty room even as he swallows down another mouthful from the bottle he found stashed in the bottom drawer of his desk.
Steve is in his studio when Tony finally finds him later that night. His canvas is empty, though his fingers cradle a paintbrush. Tony steps up behind him, wrapping his around Steve's slender shoulders, pressing his nose to the long silky locks.
a fast learner, picking up on the way Steve moves with ease, never faltering though his uncertainty is blatantly obvious.
Tony ducks down for one final kiss, keeping it tantalising and slow, before turning away toward the door. He doesn't look back as he walks out of the apartment, and Steve waits until the door closes to cover his face with his hands and groan, the sound echoing in the silence. He lets his hands drop and glares at his groin, cursing quietly and stumbling to his feet, heading toward the bathroom to take a very cold shower.
Steve calls out one of the coordinates, and she places a marker on the corresponding spot on the map. It takes half an hour, but finally, each location is marked. None of the other tabs have anything written on them besides the first one. Steve looks closer to see “Sup Dep ー Des”. Sam pulls a sharpie from the pocket of his harness strap and passes it over to Steve, then they both look at him expectantly. He stares back, overwhelmed and confused. His thoughts had seemed so clear this morning when he was driving, but now that everything is laid out in front of him, that clarity is gone. He swallows thickly, looks down at the fluorescent tabs dotting the map.
Steve awkwardly adjusts his pants before making his way to the door; he's halfway across the hall when he realises Tony is still in his doorway, watching him leave.
Of course Steve hears him, because he's turning around to flash Tony a wide grin, completely unaware of anything else happening outside of his bubble of love and happiness and “my life is so awesome right now”, and Tony barely manages to not trip over his feet as he scurries backwards, back out of the kitchen. He doesn't run, that would be absolutely undignified, but if his strides are longer, quicker, well, no one's going to call him out on it. He gasps out an order for JARVIS as the elevator doors close; he doesn't even know where he's going, but anywhere other than the kitchen and all its domesticity is good enough.
To everybody’s surprise, Steve had kissed back with abandon, shoving Tony against the wall and giving just as good as he got. Well, not as good, because Steve was a truly terrible kisser, but Tony didn’t hold it against him; after all, he hadn’t had any practise since the 40s. But it was the absolute best kiss Tony could remember ever having participated in, and they’ve only gotten better since then.
Thor meets them at the edge of the destruction, expression grim, arms crossed across his massive chest as he watches medical personnel swarm the rubble. T'Challa joins after a moment; he stares at Steve. His eyes are hard, full of grief, and Steve's heart aches for the man's loss.
“Captain Rogers, as you are not in the tower, I am unable to get a reading of your vitals. Please confirm that you are no longer feeling symptoms of an ongoing anxiety episode.”
“Lie down. C’mon, Steve, just humour me, please.” He waits as the super-soldier rolls his eyes but climbs gracefully onto the bed, tummy to mattress. Tony straddles the back of his thighs and runs his hands down the tense muscles from shoulder to the curve of his ass, kneading his knuckles into the knots. “I, uh, talked to Rhodey about all of this. He, of course, was no help, but he made it very clear that I, I would do absolutely anything if it meant making you happy. And he was correct, as usual. Because your happiness means… It means everything to me. So if you, if you actually want Loki involved, if you’re okay with his helping us, then I’m – well, I’m not
“I know a lot has changed since you were a kid, but I’m sure they weren’t telling you that men could carry.”
Thor is, indeed, standing at the head of the sleek black table; his arms are crossed over his chest, and Mjølnir hangs from the hook Tony installed so the god would stop placing the hammer on top of potentially-important files. Tony is already seated in the chair closest to the door, tapping away at the screen of his phone. Steve brushes his fingers against the back of Tony’s neck before examining the remaining people gathered.
Tony's sobs are the only thing that breaks the silence. It's not often that Tony cries so openly. He learned so young that emotions are a weakness if shown, and so he's always kept his tears at bay, or at least freed them silently and when he thinks Steve isn't watching, which is absurd. Steve watches Tony so closely; he knows what that twitch in Tony's brow means, knows how to bring that soft-edged smile to Tony's lips, knows how to get rid of that haunted look in Tony's eyes. But this… Steve can't fix this kind of hurt. Tony lost his parents, and it doesn't matter how many times Tony says he wasn't close to them. It's a loss he's still struggling to recover from. So Steve just sits quietly and lets Tony lean against him, dampening his shirt with hot tears, and he runs gentle fingers through Tony's curls, something he's rarely allowed to do.
“Fantastic.” Tony drops a lemon slice into his glass of water. “I guess we should explain everything.”
Steve sits up and pushes damp hair from his face. Cheeks burning, he types out a message, deletes it, then retypes it, sending it before he can overthink it. Natasha’s reply comes within the minute.
“Barnes did not kill my father. I will have my time with the man who did. Barnes is an innocent victim, just like everyone in that building, and I will not stand for him to be used as a pawn like this.”
“Loverboy send you that?” Clint calls from across the room, and Steve scoffs ー Tony isn't his lover, and besides, it's just a gift of gratitude.
The notification light on his phone is blinking by the time he gets back inside. He unlocks the device to see Tony's texted him.
Steve’s hands are smaller but no less agile as he tears open the foil and rolls the condom onto Tony’s aching cock. Tony pulls Steve’s legs to wrap around his waist, lines himself up. Steve’s head falls back against the pillows, plush lips forming a perfect ‘o’, throat exposed in an elegant curve, as Tony inches carefully, slowly, inside. Once Tony is in as deep as he can go, he drops forward to brace his hands on the pillow on each side of Steve’s head. Steve gasps at the sudden change in position, hips lifting abruptly, and Tony ducks his head to press tender kisses all over Steve’s cheeks, forehead, closed eyelids, lips.
“Bruce wants to check him out first, make sure he’s completely okay with the whole ‘swapping biological forms’ thing,” announces Tony, sliding his phone into the back pocket of his jeans.
Steve sits on the bed with a leather-bound book open on his lap. In his hands is a faded photograph, the edges ragged with age. Tony sighs silently before padding across the room. Steve doesn’t bother looking up as Tony climbs onto the bed. James Buchanan Barnes smirks up from the sepia-tinted picture.
The security guard shakes his head with a smile. “No can do, sir. Ms Potts was clear in her instructions.”
Steve signs for the package and stares at the box as the guy walks away. Grabbing his letter opener, Steve slices through the tape holding the flaps down. He can feel everyone's gaze on him but opens the box anyway; he knows that if he doesn't, they'll just pester him with questions and speculation all day, so it's better to get this over with. As soon as the items are exposed, he gasps.
Tony walks away before anyone says anything else. Hell, he’s not sure the message has fully sunk into their thick skulls, but he has said his piece. It’s up to the idiots to make heads or tails of it. The drive to SI is filled with clips of his impromptu speech and the radio-show hosts debating whether he had the right to say what he did.
It isn’t until damage control is done and the prototype is back on schedule, and he’s watching the setting sun through his office windows, that something in his brain starts nagging at him. He tries to remember on his own, but no information is forthcoming. With a sigh, he asks JARVIS for what the day’s plans were before the R&D screw-up.
happy, Ma. Tony is...amazing, and he really makes me happier than I ever thought I could be.” He pauses. “Is this how you felt with Pop?”
The gym is empty, silent, when Steve enters. He does his warm-up stretches, revels in the stillness, before heading to the treadmill. JARVIS immediately starts up the
It’s a testament to how well Tony’s come to know her that he can see her internal struggle of doubt. He’d known she’d be shocked – he’s overheard all of them talking over the past few months, debating who was going to get that place of honour; they’d all reached the same conclusion of “
