He tried, unsuccessfully, to shake the dark thoughts that were currently cycling through his brain. Thoughts about what would have transpired had he not showed up in time.
Pajamas. He was wearing
Dean smirked at Sam’s annoyance. “Get used to it, Sammy.” He turned back to Castiel. “I love you.”
“Hi, guys,” he panted, apparently out of breath from chasing Jack throughout the corridors of the bunker. “Jack’s back.”
“Jack! Hold on! Don't—”
And with that, Dean was finished talking— he smiled, then, without another word, leaned in and pressed his lips to Castiel’s in a kiss that struck them both like a bolt of lightning.
“Cas, it’s me!” the voice said in desperation, “It’s
“Oh."
“Damnit, Cas.”
“What time is it?”
better be a promise.”
The two walked out of the hospital hand in hand, and as the doors slid to a close behind them, Castiel got the sense that they were leaving behind not just the blood and the bandages, but also the endless war and violence that had needlessly plagued their past. He got the sense that they were stepping into a new life entirely. And while, normally, the thought of such change and unpredictability might frighten him, Castiel felt perfectly at ease with the knowledge that whatever their future looked like, it would be just that.
Castiel frowned. “Sam, I’m serious. You’re— you’re so important to me. I hope you know that.”
Dean threw his arms out in an exaggerated
“I love you.”
And that wasn’t the worst of it. In the center of his torso, a large red stain of blood had bloomed. It stood out in shocking contrast to the light fabric of his shirt.
a dream, Dean. I’m not going anywhere. You don’t have to worry about that anymore. I’m right here.”
“I’m not a dream, Dean. You can have this. You do have this. You have
As Dean peeled back the blanket, Castiel noticed that he had changed his clothes at some point. He was now wearing a heathered blue Henley shirt and soft pants.
Sam cleared his throat.
“You do. Do you know what you want to do with your say?”
Castiel shifted his weight, his face contorted into his usual confused expression.
The angel squinted at him, as if it would somehow guide him to the correct answer.
with him.
Castiel ran to them, inspecting the gruesome scene before him. He felt his eyes widen when he found the source of the bleeding. Dean had been impaled. And from the looks of it, his vital organs hadn’t been spared in the process.
“Where did that picture come from?”
Castiel turned his words over in his head, puzzled.
“Cas?”
At the familiar, desperately missed voice, Dean’s head shot to his left.
the one I’m worried about right now.”
It was an order. He had said it without once taking his eyes off Dean. Sam wasted no time backing away and following it, allowing Castiel some space.
with you. When are you gonna get it through that thick angel skull of yours?”
After a prolonged silence, Dean squinted his eyes at him, trying to prompt a response.
“Shh…”
Soft eyes. Big smile. Complete captivation.
“What did he tell you?”
He sluggishly registered dim lighting and a brick wall, then glanced down to discover a dull pink blanket tucked neatly around his body. A few pictures and weapons adorned the walls sporadically, and to his left, he found a photograph sitting atop a desk. He squinted to make out the image, eventually realizing that it depicted Mary Winchester and a young Dean.
It never came.
“Dean.” His voice came out choked and hollow. “You almost—”
Castiel nodded, understanding. “But now you do.”
Dean looked skeptical. “
Castiel tried not to reflexively flinch at that statement. With those words, he felt a sinking sense of dread flow through him. He began to think that his confession might not have landed as he had intended it to. He began to think that maybe Dean had thought that Castiel meant he loved him like a brother. And now that he thought of it, this was the only logical explanation behind Dean’s current behavior, which was in no way different from his behavior during any of their other reunions. In fact, his behavior was oddly normal, considering this was their only reunion to follow Castiel professing that he was in love with him.
“I know, Cas.” His tone was sincere. “You’re important to me, too. But I also know that you want to see him.”
next chapter is the reunion! woohooooo
Dean’s tongue pressed at the seam of Castiel’s lips, and the angel let him in without second thought. He let out a breathy moan, and the noise stirred Dean into deepening the kiss. He wanted to elicit as many tiny, desperate noises from him as possible. Each damp, heated press of their lips made his blood sing, and he couldn’t help but think of how idiotic they both were for never having done this before.
He was at the bunker. In Dean’s bedroom. In Dean’s
Castiel exhaled slowly, internally debating what to tell him. Dean had apparently excluded Castiel’s confession from the narrative when he told Sam what had happened in the dungeon.
Then, there was silence. Silence that seemed to stretch on for hours.
At the conclusion of their emotionally-charged conversation, Dean had ushered Castiel back to the bed, grumbling something along the lines of “I can’t believe you thought it was a good idea to stand up again literally five minutes after you fainted and almost cracked your skull open.”
He felt Dean’s hand against his lower back, circling there with soothing pressure.
“I’m—” he paused, gathering himself. “I’m afraid I’ll wake up in the Empty and realize this was all a dream,” he said, words muffled and quiet against the fabric of Dean’s shirt.
again was definitely worth the shot.
“I just— I want to reiterate that what you saw
“Thanks for risking your life to protect my big brother.” He paused. “
“Cas, please.” Tears streaked his cheeks and fear laced his words. “Tell me you can save him.”
His voice exposed his uncertainty. He still couldn’t believe this was real— that Castiel could actually want
“Alright.”
He was about to answer in the affirmative, but his attention was caught by the framed picture sitting on the nightstand. He had noticed it earlier, when Sam had been in here.
“Yes.”
The angel felt arms wrap around him tightly, holding up the entirety of his weight.
Guilt curled in his stomach uncomfortably. “I’m sorry.”
“Cas?” a voice pulled him out of his pondering.
He forced the terrible nightmare out of his mind and smiled.
“Everything happened the same, up until Jack became God. In the dream, we— we never got you out of the Empty. It was just Sam and me, acting like things were normal. Even though we knew you were suffering in there? It looked like we were at peace, but how could we have been? Without you? Without Jack? It didn’t make sense. And then— and then I died? In a barn. From being impaled by a rusty piece of rebar during some random hunt. And so... so then Sam had to live out the rest of his days completely alone.”
“Leave me alone,” he cried, his own voice sounding foreign after some time of nonuse. “I know this isn’t real.”
Castiel felt his jaw clench.
“You can,” the voice replied. “Just follow my voice.”
I tried to get you back after losing you?” Indignation tinged his tone. “Did you really think I’d let you waste away in the Empty while I move on with my life, eating pies and driving around like nothing happened? Like my life hadn’t just been completely screwed up?”
Castiel shook his head and curled into himself, covering his ears with his hands like a child.
“I’m not going anywhere.”
It had been a long time coming.
At first, he thought it was just his imagination, a desperate attempt to make something out of nothing, but then— he
way.”
” Castiel stated, his tone steely and uncompromising. “Look at me.” Dean did. The light in his eyes had dimmed considerably. “I won’t let you die. I promise.”
He placed a hand on Sam’s shoulder, silently asking him to step back.
Unfortunately, Sam was right. He had none. As much as Castiel wanted to listen to Dean, he was fading fast and would be unconscious soon, regardless of whether he allowed it.
“You sure?”
“Hello, Jack,” he said, his voice full of emotion.
“I know. It’s dumb—“
“I love you too.”
“I love you, Cas.” Dean pointed to his own chest indignantly. “
“Okay.” He made a dismissive gesture with his hand, then walked to the side of the bed opposite the angel. “Then let’s hit the hay.” He lifted the covers up. “Scoot over.”
Dean exhaled, relieved that he had at least managed to communicate that point. But still— “If you knew that, then how could you possibly say that you can’t have this?” He gestured between them helplessly. “I’m right here.”
Castiel squinted at him, confused as always. His own hand soon found its way to Dean’s, holding it against his face.
do that again,” Castiel pleaded, burying his face in Dean’s neck. “Please.”
“I know, I know. I am alright, though. That was just the worst dream I’ve had in my entire life.”
Castiel smiled brightly, and he instantly saw his expression reflected on Dean’s face.
“You said that I'll wake up to your 'ugly mug' tomorrow," he paused, formulating his question. "Which one of your coffee mugs do you find ugly? I’ve always found each one of them to be unique and charming in its own way—”
“Is that still true?”
It had felt so real.
“I can hear him!” The voice said, muffled, as the words weren’t directed toward the angel. The enthusiasm and liveliness underlying his words felt out of place in the Empty.
“I’m saying I care about you in a non-brotherly way, Cas.”
“It’s not like dying was my first choice,” he responded flatly. “I decided to invoke the deal when it became clear that there was no other way to protect you.”
Then came Sam.
something. It grew louder and louder until it became a cacophony, chaotic and unrelenting.
Sam shrugged. “Just that you summoned the Empty to save him, and that it took you.”
. He fell to his knees, feeling a cold sweat wash over him in panic.
“If you don’t let him rest, he’ll pass out, Dean. He’s going to sleep either way. Just let him.”
“Jack.” He placed a hand on his shoulder from where he stood behind him. “Let’s give them a minute to wake up before you bombard him with questions. Come on, we’ll go make breakfast.”
His smile grew at Dean’s unique term of endearment.
“Yes,” Castiel looked up, then nodded as though he was finally beginning to make sense of Dean’s word vomit. “You’re saying you care about me in a...
His heart beat happily between them as Castiel twisted his fingers into Dean’s shirt, tilting his head to allow him a better angle. Without breaking the kiss, he moved to sit atop Dean’s lap, his arms draping over Dean’s shoulders as he let him in, tongue slipping past his lips.
“I don’t want you to apologize for making the deal to save me. That’s not the point. I just want you to understand that you’re not expendable to me. You never have been.” He tightened his arms around him to drive that point home. “I’m not okay with you making decisions under the assumption that I wouldn’t care if something happened to you. I’ve never been okay with it.”
“Jack isn’t the only one who loves you, you son of a bitch.”
“Dean, you ready to go?” Sam asked, unwittingly interrupting the moment.
Castiel squinted his eyes, tilting his head one more time for good measure. “Wild horses?”
“I would be lying if I said that I enjoy you risking your life on a daily basis. I don’t. But I also don’t want you to give up hunting forever on my account," he stated, slightly anxious that Dean thought he would ever expect such a thing from him. "And besides, once we finish up in Heaven, I could go with you. Like before. I'd feel better if we went together." Dean smiled warmly at that. "But Dean, I would never ask you to give up something that you love for my comfort.”
“Yeah? Well tough shit, Cas, that ain’t gonna happen. Ever.”
“Dean?” he asked, the name coming out broken and desperate, yet cautiously hopeful.
A corner of Castiel’s lips quirked up.
I am sooooo sorry for how long this took to post!!! I am ashamed of my time management skills :/
as always, thanks so much for reading!!!
“I’m sorry.”
Castiel blinked in confusion. “You have?”
He had been lucky. So, so lucky.
Castiel blinked. “Was that an attempt at flirtation?”
. He wasn't sure when it was taken, or who took it, but it was definitely him. In the photo, he stood in the library of the bunker, smiling at something out of the camera's range.
Castiel nodded, then sat back, trying to process all this new information. It was a lot to take in, but his mind wandered for other reasons.
“Yes?”
” Dean questioned, sounding affronted. “Are you kidding?”
, Cas,” he said fervently, and the angel could feel his heart skip a beat. Those words never failed to have an impact on him. “And, just to be clear, I would do anything for you. I would give up anything for you.
“I can’t!” he shouted, unable to see.
He trusted Dean. He would
. I mean, honestly, you’ve always had me, Cas. I’m sorry for not telling you that sooner.” He shook his head, annoyed with himself for all of the chances he had missed. “Just— just don’t leave again. Okay? No more sacrifices. No more goodbyes. We’ve had to say goodbye too many times already. I ain’t doing it again.” Castiel blinked and tears rolled down his cheeks, shining in the dimly lit room. Dean swiftly wiped them away, his thumbs gently sweeping underneath his eyes as he continued. “Stay here. Stay with me.”
“Dean, my intention was never for you to feel pressured into saying things that you don’t mean.”
He released a pained breath and opened his eyes, observing no change from when they had been closed. Darkness and desolation, as per usual.
Time didn’t seem to exist in the Empty. For all he knew, it could have been minutes or decades, seconds or centuries.
“Speaking of, the ambulance is almost here.”
“Hey, none of that. You gotta stay with me, man.”
“Okay, so we let him sleep," Sam offered.
Sam tensed and pulled back, a flat look on his face. “I’ve spent over a decade of my life third-wheeling for two people that are practically married but refuse to talk about their feelings,” he said with no emotion. “Yes, I’ve been waiting.”
It was as if he had been pulled out of the vast nothingness and placed straight into a wind tunnel, harsh noises whistling past his ears. It was almost too much to withstand, the volume a stark contrast to the silence with which he had become familiar.
Suddenly, Sam rounded the corner and entered the room, looking exasperated and disheveled.
“You going to sleep now?” he mumbled next to Castiel’s ear.
For some time, they just stayed there, unmoving. It was like someone had paused them in this moment. Dean stared at Castiel’s shoulder, where his hand was gripped viselike to Dean’s.
“Cas, I— I’m sorry…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s from a couple weeks before…” He cut himself off and cleared his throat, and Castiel took that to mean
Except it was no longer just a voice. It was no longer just a disembodied imitation of him.
A beat passed with neither of them saying a thing.
“What was I smiling at?”
was definitely new. But the feelings between them, the knowing each other better than anyone else, the simple, unwitting synchronization between them— that wasn’t new. And it translated in every touch, in every press of their lips.
“I—” The angel appeared taken aback. “I didn’t know.”
Dean couldn’t really argue with that logic, but still— the thought of losing him again was enough to defy rationality. He just needed a different strategy.
He watched passively as Dean turned back to Jack. “Kid,” he croaked. “Tell me he’ll wake up if we let him sleep. Tell me he won’t—” he cut himself off, pained. “We can’t lose him again.”
“Cas?”
The angel cautiously approached him again. “You... you
Lately, his thoughts seemed to play in a constant loop. A slideshow of verdant pastures masquerading as eyes. The comforting smell of leather and earth. The sound of a deep voice, hardened by years of fighting a war that was never its to fight.
Dean appeared confused, his mouth opened as if to say something, but closed just as quickly. He shook his head and eliminated the final space that had separated them. They were now standing face to face, only a few feet apart.
“You’re not sleeping in the spare room, Cas,” he said, as though the idea were ridiculous. Then his expression turned wary, like he was unsure of himself. “I mean, unless you want to.”
He was being held up by somebody.
,” he said with a stunned look, supplying the words that Castiel had failed to mention.
Dean grinned at the recycling of his own words.
“Okay.” He took a steadying breath. “You can have this. You can have
“Cas,” Sam sighed, “everyone knew. And I do mean
“You want that? With me?”
Suddenly, the air between them felt electric. Like any abrupt movement would result in a lightning strike. It had always been this way between the two of them, the tension thick and unrelenting, begging for someone to make a move.
It felt too good to be true, like this might just be another cruel mind game the Shadow was playing on him.
“Great. I’m so happy to see you.”
Castiel supposed, though he couldn’t say for certain, that due to the severity of Dean’s wound, his Grace had only been able to heal it and seal inside whatever blood he still had in his body. Apparently, he hadn’t had enough power to restore all the blood he had already lost.
After a moment, Dean rolled his eyes, then opened his arms up. “Come here.”
At first, he had thought that Dean had already surrendered to sleep. But after a moment, he felt a lazy trail of kisses pressed to the back of his neck. “I love you, too," Dean said, quiet and true. "Get some sleep, Cas.”
With one final push, he felt his Grace pulse through his veins with ferocity. It flowed into Dean, radiating heat and raw power. A strained shout was ripped from Castiel’s throat, the massive transfer of Grace completely inundating his system.
so... this was only supposed to be four chapters, but the words keep getting away from me!
The thought was short-lived. Only seconds later, Sam looked back to the angel with a radiant smile on his face, then bent down to pull him into another warm embrace.
Castiel stared at him, trying his best to navigate this conversation.
Castiel looked around wildly, trying to find the source of the voice. This had to be a trick. The Shadow playing cruel jokes on him yet again, as if he wasn’t already as broken as he could possibly be.
“I—” Castiel faltered. He hadn’t been expecting such tenderness, such rawness from Dean. It was unsteadying in the best of ways, but it also had his mind jumbled. “I missed you, too.”
“Dean—“
He felt a breathy laugh against his skin. “Don’t apologize.” Dean paused, then pulled him impossibly closer. “I missed you so much.”
Seeing
“Jesus, kid,” Dean groaned, then put his gun back in its rightful place, rubbing his eyes in an attempt to wake up. “We’ve talked about this. Knocking before entering. You scared the hell out of me.”
First, he heard Dean.
“I made the deal to protect Jack,” he stated plainly.
“Dude, you sure know how to make an exit.” He squeezed him impossibly tighter. “I’m so happy for you. I’ve been waiting for this moment for twelve fricken years!”
“Of course I did, dumbass.”
Castiel sighed contentedly. “I agree.”
Castiel’s hand came up to cup Dean’s face gently. A soft smile graced his lips.
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted. He reached across his chest to place his hand atop Dean’s. Electricity sparked where their skin met. He took in a trembling breath. “That won't be necessary. I’m fine.”
“Cas,” Dean leveled him with a helpless look. “If you seriously think I can just up and forget that ‘conversation’— if it can even be called that— you’re out of your damn mind.”
“Do you?”
“But you— you can’t be!”
do that again, Cas. Promise me.”
“You... you said that this was the one thing you wanted.”
“Hello!”
But suddenly, amidst the chaos, he heard a voice.
In all likelihood, this was a trick, but he couldn’t help but hope that it wasn’t.
Castiel stared at him incredulously. The idea of living with Dean in a house of their own, it was something he didn’t dare to even dream about.
“You too,” Jack said against his neck. “I have so much to talk to you about!”
It was as if the word broke whatever spell they were under. Castiel backed away from him in shock.
A beat passed without noise or movement. Just the two of them staring at each other, trying to understand one another. Completely and totally, with no secrets or pretense, maybe for the first time. The air was thick and all-consuming. They stood silently, suspended in this moment.
“I promise this is real. You're just gonna have to trust me.”
please enjoy!
. I swear it’s me,” it paused, and exhaled painfully. “I’m doing this because I need you, and I’ll be damned if I let you rot away in there for all eternity.”
Dean let out a little, stunned laugh at that. Then, more tears began to cascade from his eyes.
Sam looked reluctant to drop it, but ultimately, he did. “No, but he said he’ll be back as soon as possible.”
“Cas, please. Look at me— you can have this.” He gestured between them once again. “Please, get it through your fucking head before I lose my mind.”
Dean sighed, exhausted, and then took one of Castiel’s hands in an attempt to get his message across.
“Of course, Dean.”
“Not as your brother.”
“You— you what?”
Dean brought his arms around his waist and enjoyed the closeness, waiting for him to speak again.
way.”
“Care to share any?”
“Listen, Cas. About what you said, you know, before you—”
“Don’t keep me waiting.”
Dean took the cup from him and placed it on the nightstand.
“I love you,” Dean said against his lips, once more for good measure. Castiel felt the words reverberating throughout him with force, radiating warmth in his bones and filling him with bubbly, incandescent happiness. Dean took a step back. “But if you ever try to pull something like that again, I’ll kick your feathery ass.”
Jack stood in the doorway, a bright smile on his face and his hand held up in his signature wave, which he cheerily offered Dean and Castiel.
dumb.” His words were laced with both empathy and affection. “I’m sorry that you had to go through that alone.”
Dean was kneeling in front of him, his hand on Castiel’s thigh. His skin burned underneath the point of contact.
Castiel huffed out a small, breathless laugh. “I love you, too,” he said, quiet and sincere.
“Dean,” he sighed.
“No chance in hell we’re doing that.”
, Cas?” His voice was low and strained. “You’re fine with just leaving them to pick up the pieces knowing they’ll never see you again? Knowing they’ll mourn you for the rest of their lives?”
waiting,” he reminded him. “Sometimes for over a decade.”
“Yeah, well, you never expressed it to me before letting the Empty swallow you whole either, Cas, but you still got to say it.”
Now, Castiel was sitting in the bed, alone with his thoughts, as he waited for Dean to come back with a glass of water.
“Cas?”
For a moment, Dean just stared at him blankly.
He immediately felt dizzy, his vision darkening in his periphery. Apparently, he hadn’t fully recovered from his escape.
. Friends and foes alike.”
“I’m okay, Cas.” Dean placed his hands over the angel’s like the action could reinforce his words. “I’m okay. I’m sorry.”
up next: jack’s back!!!
He allowed himself less than a second to process the anxious energy thrumming through his body. To process the dread that had already begun to fill his lungs, leaving him feeling constricted and breathless. He focused himself, then sprung into action.
Of course, he had hoped that maybe, just maybe, amidst the confusion and shock, Dean might take some of his words to heart. That he might realize he’s not the monster he sees in the mirror. That he might feel just an ounce of the love that Castiel harbored for him and might let himself bask in it. That he might, for one moment, feel something for himself other than self-loathing and hatred.
“There you are, sunshine,” he said, smiling with the words. “I need to tell you something.”
Castiel tightened his grip on Dean in an attempt to stay grounded. He felt like he may float away at any moment or wake up to discover this was all but a dream. A ridiculously good, incomparable dream.
He pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, and lingered there for just a moment, preparing himself.
“Not as my brother,” Dean confirmed. Then his face screwed up in disgust. “Jesus, can we drop that? Forever?”
“Yeah? Well what about the people who love
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel soon realized that
“Stop apologizing for saving my life,” Dean murmured. “Just— never do something like that again. We’re a team. We make decisions together from now on.”
Having secured the permission he had been seeking, Castiel surrendered to his exhaustion and let himself fade into sleep. The last thing he remembered seeing was the worry behind the green eyes staring down at him.
“Dean, we don’t have to talk about that conversation,” Castiel interrupted. He stood up again, this time slowly so as to prevent himself from fainting. Dean watched him warily the entire time, as if he were mentally preparing to catch him again. “You can pretend it never happened and move on. I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable.”
Dean and Sam stared at him.
“You promise you’re never gonna throw yourself headfirst into the Empty seconds after confessing your undying love for me again?”
(See the end of the chapter for
here it is!!! the last real chapter! only an epilogue to go. I can't believe this story is coming to an end :( it started as a literal 4k baby fix-it and somehow transformed into this monster!!! I had one thing left to fix in this chapter: the infamous nail (or rebar, if we're being technical), because you KNOW I couldn't just let that excruciatingly bad fever dream of a scene remain unedited in my brain for a second longer. please enjoy!!!! and thank you thank you thank you for reading :)
Castiel blinked, perplexed. “No. I was being serious.”
“Jack, what’s wrong with him?” Sam asked, clearly distressed.
“You scared the hell out of me, man,” he said quietly into Castiel’s neck.
“Let’s get you back to the bed,” he said gently, helping guide the angel there. Castiel was deposited on the edge of the mattress, and he tried to collect himself. His vision returned slowly.
After a moment, Castiel pulled back a bit, peering thoughtfully into Dean’s eyes.
His words had a chaotic, desperate edge to them, as though the thought of Castiel not knowing how much he cared about him could somehow inflict physical pain.
A few minutes into his full body scan, he turned back to Sam. “I don’t see anything.”
The light grew brighter, and Castiel could finally make out the shape of it. It was a glowing schism against the blackness of the space. An indistinct fissure, growing larger every second, like fabric splitting open as a seam rips apart.
Dean glowered. “Dying shouldn’t have been a choice
Castiel looked to the side and squinted his eyes in an exaggerated expression of deep thought.
Not that he minded helping Jack with his big renovation project. He loved it. He loved feeling useful, and he loved being able to spend time with him here. But, he missed Dean. He pretty much missed Dean from the moment they parted, every single time they parted. By the end of his stays, he was always bone-tired, riddled with exhaustion, and more than ready to go home to him.
Castiel blinked.
“I knew Jack would understand.”
Castiel simply nodded.
His eyes shut tightly as he exerted more power into healing him than he thought possible. A labored groan escaped him, the effort overwhelming his body. The light emanating from his hands grew to be blinding, filling the entire barn with intense whiteness.
Castiel was sitting upright in a position mirroring Dean’s own, a look of concern etched into his features. He was staring at Dean with his signature, intense gaze, his eyes showing clear signs of worry. He had one hand gripped to Dean’s elbow tightly, as though he had been trying to physically pull him out of his headspace while simultaneously anchoring him to the present.
“You’re kidding,” Dean stated, emotionless. “Cas, you told me you loved me and then immediately got absorbed by a portal of cosmic black goo. I never got a chance to respond. I needed to tell you that
“Good morning, Dean,” he replied, beaming. “I’m happy to be back.” His eyes moved to Castiel. “Hello, Castiel.”
“Delivery!” Dean said cheerfully, appearing in the doorway and interrupting Castiel’s inner monologue. He was holding the glass of water aloft, presenting it like a trophy.
If he hadn’t known what Heaven was actually like, Castiel would guess it was something like this.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel stared at him wildly, disbelief evident in his features.
“You— you did
“Cas,” he whispered, hesitant. “You’re all shook up. I don’t feel right leaving you right now.”
— this was neither simple nor easy. Because if Dean had mistook him, then Castiel hadn’t actually confessed. If his confession was misunderstood, then it wasn’t a confession at all.
With his apologetic look, Dean's scowl disappeared, seemingly unable to maintain his grumpiness. “Don't sweat it,” he said, and it came out low and sleepy.
And this— this Dean knew to be true. The two of them would always find each other. They would follow each other to the ends of the earth if necessary.
He turned to Dean and found him gazing at him affectionately.
Dean pulled back, keeping his hand on Castiel’s shoulder. The pressure there felt like a tether, anchoring him securely to the ground.
Castiel had finally managed to get his bearings.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes against the unpleasant slideshow of events that had occurred in his dream. His
Sam frowned. “Never expected what?”
Dean’s face scrunched up, his lips pursed and eyebrows threaded together.
“No— no, he said not to.” Sam laughed without a trace of humor. There was a chaotic, unhinged edge to his words. “Said it was pointless.”
At Castiel’s silence and at his own wit’s end, Dean took the angel’s face into his hands and locked eyes with him in an intense stare.
Dean released the breath he’d been holding and felt himself smile in relief. “Good. That’s— that’s good.”
, he needed Dean to heal.
He focused all of his energy and thoughts on healing him. After a moment of intense concentration, he could feel his Grace beginning to flow through him and into Dean.
“Why?”
He felt Dean’s hand, which had previously been running over his lower back comfortingly, halt against him.
Dean laughed. “Thanks for the breaking news, genius.” He stretched his arms above his head and sent Jack a smile. “Hey, kid," he greeted happily, as if the two hadn't already spoken to each other. "Good to see you home again.”
“Yeah, Cas. Actually, I have
Then— “Oh, gee,” he scoffed. “Thanks for that, Cas. I guess I’ll just develop a sudden case of voluntary amnesia and somehow forget one of the worst things to ever happen to me.”
“Are you really feeling okay?” He worried his lip, anxiety rolling off him in waves. “I wanted to take you to the hospital, but the kid said that we didn’t need to. If you’re not feeling alright, I can take you there now.” He looked Castiel over, taking in his weakened form. “Maybe we should go anyways, just to be safe—”
Dean tensed, as if just now realizing that this may be a possibility. He tried to pull back to examine him but soon discovered that Castiel couldn’t stand on his own. With a panicked gesture, he signaled Sam to help him. The brothers each took one of the angel’s arms, walking on either side of him to assist him to a couch.
And with that, Castiel closed his eyes and let himself drift away, feeling happy and whole in his arms.
Castiel’s head tilted to the side in confusion.
“Cas,” he said flatly, “I want
He was the strongest and bravest man Castiel had ever met. And he loved him dearly.
“Dean,” he exhaled slowly, trying to keep his composure. He needed to say it once more before he let himself rest. “I love you.”
“But, Dean—”
And that’s when Castiel stopped breathing.
“Just— please. Stay. Let’s figure this out. Together.”
Dean loved him. Dean was
Dean hummed happily. “I love you too,” He ran his hand up and down Castiel’s back idly. “What do you say we get out of here? I’m starting to smell like hospital.”
It was then that Castiel finally looked behind himself to find Sam, who he had momentarily forgotten was there, staring at Dean like he had just dragged him through Hell and back in the span of ten minutes. Castiel turned back to Dean and pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead, then, a bit reluctantly, stepped away to allow Sam the space to go to him. He immediately pulled his brother into a bear hug and whispered something along the lines of ‘
They traded looks of relief, but also confusion, unable to understand why Castiel was in such poor shape.
During his time here, Castiel had fortunately discovered a singular weapon that he could wield against the void: his thoughts.
Jack pulled back obediently, and Castiel smiled at him again. He couldn’t seem to stop himself.
“Dean—”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “You’re the one who keeps
He was teetering impossibly close to the precipice of death, and Castiel was beginning to fear that he may not be able to pull him back.
Dean’s hands returned to cup his face, his expression one of obvious concern. “Cas?”
Dean closed his eyes and paused for a moment, overcome with exhaustion over what has essentially become a twelve-year long miscommunication.
Castiel blinked. “He didn’t want to tell me himself?”
As soon as Sam had exited the room, Castiel found himself wringing his hands, inexplicably nervous about seeing Dean.
“Cas.” Castiel’s eyes flitted back up to Sam at the hesitance in his voice. “Dean— he was pretty torn up when the Empty took you. I don’t know how you two left things, but he was a mess. I mean, you were dead, so obviously none of us were doing well, but he was a
Castiel looked to the side, his lips pouted in contemplation of this news.
“Please.” Castiel shook his head dismissively. “Don't even attempt to apologize to me less than five minutes after being fatally wounded. I’m not worried about anything apart from your wellbeing.”
Dean was clinging onto life, fighting against the alluring pull of death with everything he had. Anyone else in his situation would’ve been long dead by now, but not him. Never him.
“Why not? Since when do you get to tell me how I feel?”
“Hello, Dean.”
“Are you... being sarcastic?”
Dean didn’t seem to give those words much credence. “Cas, can you— can you tell me again? Just one more time? Please, I-I need to…”
of ideas. And exactly all of them involve you.”
“He’s tired,” Jack rephrased.
Dean pulled him in closer, tracing circular patterns into his back, as if Castiel was the one who needed comfort in the moment.
Dean didn’t let that deter him. He began to frantically survey Castiel’s body for injury, searching beneath his trench coat and on every square inch of his person for blood.
Distantly, the blaring sound of an ambulance siren began to grow increasingly louder.
“I want to stop hunting.”
“I’m so happy to see you,” Sam said, pulling away. He kept a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and squeezed. It looked like he may have been crying, but the angel wouldn’t mention it. “I missed you so much.”
“I’m right here.” Apparently, the voice could sense his presence, despite its inability to see into the Empty. The barrier between nothing and everything had blurred with the opening of the portal. “Take my hand, Cas.”
But regardless of the outcome, Castiel would say his piece and be gone. Simple. Easy.
Castiel closed his eyes and slowed his breathing in an attempt to gather himself.
He swallowed against it and cleared his head.
“Positive.”
Dean was tired of fighting. Tired of speaking. He sighed and opened his arms in invitation, already missing his touch after mere seconds of going without it. “Come here.”
. With me. Alright?”
“No, Sam," Dean snapped. "It’s not up for debate. What if he doesn’t wake up? We’re not—” He turned back to Castiel, and his eyes softened. He carefully brushed back some of the angel’s hair, which had become plastered to his forehead in an unruly mess during the escape. The soothing motion only brought Castiel closer to sleep, and he leaned into Dean’s hand. “I’m not risking it.”
“I’m sorry, Dean. I don’t understand.”
He felt the arms tighten around him.
“Morning, sunshine,” he said, and the corner of his lips quirked up.
The longer it took, the more desperate Castiel became. He found himself silently praying. To Jack, to some greater, unknown force, he wasn’t sure. He would take whatever help he could get. From behind him, he faintly registered Sam panicking and frantically asking what he could do to help.
Dean smiled at his earnest expression and took his face into both hands. He leaned forward and pressed a gentle kiss to his forehead before leaning his own against it.
They were about to fall asleep. He could feel both of their breathing steadying out, crawling to a slow.
that being said, I am definitely wrapping this baby up soon, because I have so many other story ideas that are calling my name! so I've decided to write one more chapter (for real this time) and an epilogue!! chapter 6 should be published by the end of the week (also for real this time)!!!!
He would recognize the voice anywhere.
“Look, I meant what I said back there, Cas. I don’t want to die. And if I keep doing what I’ve been doing, it’s only a matter of time before something ends me,” he said intensely. “You never know, the next time I suffer serious bodily injury, you might not be able to get to me in time.” Castiel swallowed thickly against his emotion. “And…” Dean hesitated, “I could see what that did to you, Cas.” He looked down, sullen on behalf of Castiel. “I don’t want to put you through that again. I don’t want you to have to constantly worry about me and whether I’m okay. It’s— it’s not fair to you. I can’t expect you to just standby and twiddle your thumbs every time I hunt, hoping that I make it out in one piece.”
“Jack. He— well, he became God. I mean, it’s kind of a long story, obviously, but that’s the Sparknotes version.”
you. I needed to tell you… and you were just. Gone. And it felt different this time. Like you weren't coming back.”
Dean squeezed his hand comfortingly.
That was not what Castiel had wanted to hear. He had wanted Dean to be happy after he was gone. He had wanted him to save the world, then move on and build a life for himself apart from saving people and hunting things. Apart from the family business.
“Cas, listen to me,” the voice said, and Castiel closed his eyes against the familiarity and comfort it brought him. “This is real. We’re getting you out of there. You need to come to me.”
“Why are you doing this to me? I thought you wanted silence!” he shouted helplessly.
“I need to tell him that if he’s planning on living to an old age, he’s gonna need to get a haircut at some point. It looked like he was wearing a damn dollar store wig in my dream.”
Dean could barely process his words, still awestruck to see Castiel alive and well beside him.
“No, no,” Castiel said in a rush, feeling guilty for making him feel unwanted. “Sam, I’m so happy to see you. I missed you so much.”
“Because Dean— I love Sam, too. But the way that I love Sam is entirely different from the way that I love you. I understand that your love for me is familial. Brotherly,” he choked out the word, barely masking his disgust. “I’m happy with that. Grateful for it, even.” He took a few more steps, approaching Dean for the words that mattered most. “But if you think that’s the same as what I feel for you, you are grossly mistaken.”
“Okay fine, that part I get.” Dean closed his eyes and brought a hand to his forehead, squeezing the skin there as though it could help to alleviate his frustration. “But explain this to me, why— why would you invoke the deal when you knew it would get you killed?”
After a moment of bliss, his attention was drawn to some indistinct shouting from behind the closed door of the bedroom. It grew louder and louder until the voices were right outside.
“Cas?” he said, a hint of a smile gracing his ashen face.
“You… you knew?”
“Cas,” Dean said gently. “Look at me.”
“No.” Dean brought his hand up in a halting gesture. “You could’ve lived your entire life without ever invoking the deal,” he supplied. “I mean, for all we know, you could’ve given the Empty the slip for all eternity, so... why? Why would you do it?”
“This can’t be—”
with you, Cas.”
“Cas...”
He felt himself starting to fall in the opposite direction of the bed.
As glad he was to see Sam again, Castiel found himself absently searching for somebody else. Somebody else that was notably absent.
“Cas...”
In just three words, the angel managed to quell all the fears that had threatened to consume him. Castiel had always had a way of doing that. Dean smiled.
Rather, he stared down at their joined hands in bewilderment.
Dean let out a tiny gasp as the warmth hit him, but after a moment, it became evident that something was wrong. He wasn’t healing nearly as quickly as he should have been. His body still rested lifelessly against Castiel’s, arms limp at his side.
Sam scoffed. “I should be the one asking you that, Cas. You just survived a two-month stay with a cosmic entity. How are
Dean was fading in and out of Castiel’s vision. He was barely holding on to consciousness.
. So used to waking up, ganking things, going to bed, and repeating. And it's also because,” he paused, thinking. “Because I don’t really know who I am without hunting. And that’s kind of scary.”
“It’s alright.” Dean dragged one of Castiel’s hands to his chest, pressing his palm against the fabric of his shirt. Castiel could feel his heart beating there, strong and true, valiantly rebelling against the trauma it had faced only minutes ago. “
Dean released a long-suffering sigh, then took Castiel’s face in his hands.
He was working on forming a new body of water, trying to perfectly emulate the glasslike, sparkling surface that it was modeled after when he felt it.
“I’m talking about me!” Dean burst, unable to withstand this unique form of torture any longer. “What about
“You didn’t know?” he asked, incredulous. “You know that you’re my best friend. You know that I’d die for you a hundred times over. Without question. You know that I’ve never cared about anyone in my life the way that I care about you, apart from my brother.”
“I— I can’t promise that I wouldn’t give my life for yours if necessary in the future.”
“Jack, wait—”
He exhaled shakily. Even though the nightmare was ridiculous, it still felt a little too real to laugh about.
“He’s alive, Cas.” Sam smiled as Castiel released a breath of relief. “He’s the one that figured out how to get you out of the Empty. It took him a little longer than anyone wanted it to… he sort of had to learn how to open portals between dimensions while simultaneously restoring order on Earth. Apparently, even when you’re God, things take time.” Sam laughed a bit to himself at the ridiculousness of his life, but his expression soon became apologetic. “But we got to you as soon as we could, Cas—”
“It’s—” Sam shook his head, then sighed. “It doesn’t matter. The point is, Jack did it! I’ll let him fill you in on more of the technical details, but he was amazing, Cas. He beat Chuck and saved the world.”
He inhaled in a panic, as though he hadn’t had a breath of fresh air in decades. He looked at Castiel with a wild expression, eyes wide and mouth open, panting.
Castiel blinked groggily, slowly returning to consciousness. His surroundings came into focus gradually. Dean’s arm still snugly wrapped around him. Their legs tangled together beneath the blankets. Dean’s soft snores puffing out against the nape of his neck.
After a moment, he allowed the truth to flow in. Scenes of what had actually transpired.
They paused, their foreheads pressed against each other as they caught their breath. Both of them needed a moment to recover from the exhilaration coursing through them. Warm air puffed out in panted breaths that mingled in the charged space between them.
“And the worst part is— I went to heaven, and you weren’t there.”
“Dean?”
“I’ll teach you how to make bacon while we wait for them,” Sam offered.
how you summoned the Empty? Damn, Cas,” he said with a laugh. “No wonder he’s been a zombie for the last two months.”
“Hunting,” he said, as if it would do anything at all to help clarify the matter. It didn’t.
and all. I get it.” He had air-quoted ‘profound bond’ with a grin.
“And he’s… alive?” he asked, a bit incredulous that Jack hadn’t been forced to pay the ultimate price to save the universe, as that seemed to be a pattern that ran in the family.
He took a deep breath. This was it. This was his chance to set the record straight once and for all, and he was royally screwing it up.
Sam, having expected this exact line of questioning, cleared his throat and sat back down.
“You maybe wanna use more than one square inch of the mattress? I’m not gonna bite.”
“Promise?”
Castiel blinked as his surroundings slowly came into focus.
. Images of him dying in that stupid barn. Of Sam mourning him. Of a heaven without Castiel waiting for his arrival. They flashed through his mind viciously.
He put the pen and the clipboard down on the table beside the bed and brushed his hands together, as if ridding himself of the task.
“Dean, open your eyes!”
He turned to his right and found Sam sitting in an armchair that had been pulled to his bedside. A book sat in his lap, loosely held, like his arms had gone lax as soon as he had seen Castiel’s eyes open. His face was full of hope, but also fear, like he couldn’t quite believe that the angel was truly awake.
Castiel groaned. “I did that to protect you.”
anyways, sorry that this fic keeps stretching on forever and ever. it is the longest thing I've ever written simply because I can't stop writing and adding random scenes that feel like part of this story.
The angel stepped back and framed his face with his hands, staring into his eyes intensely. He needed to make sure that Dean was actually alive and that he wasn’t hallucinating.
“Dean?” he prompted, “Are you alright?”
. My life was chosen for me from the moment my mom died. My dad chose the hunting path for me, and I walked it. And maybe, now that we know what we know, with Chuck and the whole,” he gesticulated lazily, “lack-of-free-will thing… maybe the first half of my life was always going to be hunting. Maybe I never had a say.”
Dean nodded, then kissed Castiel again. This one lingered a bit longer than the last, Dean shifting his head to change the angle more than once.
Castiel’s heart swelled in his chest at the thought. He had missed him so much. Grumpiness and all.
In response to his lack of verbal response and his unsure expression, Dean sighed. He pressed a kiss to the top of Castiel’s head.
was not the response he was looking for either. Dean’s fists clenched at his sides and his brows furrowed angrily.
Castiel thanked him and accepted it, then took in a few sips, letting the cool liquid run through him. Despite his not needing to drink, the water soothed his throat, which was still dry and achy from his time in the Empty.
“Fuck,” Dean exhaled in relief. He stood a bit, only to pull Castiel into an embrace. The hold was a little awkward, with the angel seated and Dean hunched over. Somehow, it didn’t matter. He felt like he was being magically put back together every second that Dean held him.
And that… that was scary.
Now alone, Dean looked to Castiel, who was still staring at the door where Jack had just exited. The angel was in a state of incredulity that his family was alive and well and, at least for right now, all in one place together. He felt infinitely grateful.
Castiel sighed. “I didn’t think it was possible,” he replied honestly, and then promptly changed the subject, “Is Jack still here?”
Relieved, the angel pulled him into a careful embrace, mindful of the fatal wound that his body had sustained only seconds prior.
“Having a reaction to a nightmare is
He was almost out of the room, but turned at the last minute, his hand gripped to the doorframe.
“Always,” he said, his emotion coloring the single word with complete sincerity. “I’ll always want you. You won’t ever be getting rid of me, not if I can help it. Wild horses and all that.”
Dean sighed and stepped back, then lifted Castiel’s chin up with his index finger, forcing eye contact.
At the moment, he was restructuring some new areas of the realm, helping Jack with the terrain on some particularly tricky regions. He had figured that the more work he finished before going back to Earth, the less he would have to spend on the next trip. If he could get a substantial amount of work done in one fell swoop, he could abbreviate his next stay in Heaven.
Dean kissed him once, quickly, just for the sake of it.
“I love
Castiel tilted his head, confused. “Sparknotes?”
“Cas…” He shook his head minutely. Then, suddenly, he locked his gaze on the angel. His eyes shined like this was the last time he’d see him. He was struggling to keep them open. “Cas, I love you. So much. You know that right? You gotta know,” he said, desperation permeating his words. “And I’m— I’m so sorry for not telling you sooner.
Castiel could feel his heart breaking at the pain and fear in his voice.
. What about me?”
Not just somebody.
At first, their movements were hesitant, cautious, each trying to get a sense for this new, hallowed thing shared between them.
“I love you.”
He had missed him so damn much.
Sam's frown deepened with Castiel’s words.
After he had sufficiently collected himself, Dean brought a hand up to cup Castiel’s cheek, the stubble he found there prickling under his palm.
He had been so, so close to losing him.
. An Angel of the Lord falling for Dean Winchester. It sounded impossible, and yet there Castiel stood, his heart on his sleeve.
Dean tried to school his features, refusing to let himself be too hurt by his reaction.
When the angel woke up, he had half-expected Dean to avoid him. And he wouldn’t have blamed him— he knew that his feelings weren’t reciprocated, and he never wanted to burden Dean with them.
I didn't reread this chapter or edit it much, so sorry for any typos or errors! one more chapter to go!!!!
“Cas, relax, alright? It’s me. It’s just me. What are you so nervous about?”
He wanted to comfort him, but he needed Castiel to understand him first so that they would never find themselves in this situation again. He squeezed him tighter.
A moment later, Dean pressed three chaste kisses in quick succession against Castiel’s stunned lips. The light, innocent nature of the action in contrast to the heaviness of what they had just done made Castiel giggle abruptly, and Dean felt his heart contract in his chest with the sound.
“Dean?”
“And me.”
“We won’t lose him, Dean. I promise.”
“Told him that I loved him. To summon the Empty so that the Shadow would take Billie.”
to! In fact, I think the only reason why I haven’t already stopped is because I’m so used to it that I don't know
Dean laughed at Castiel’s obvious confusion. He leaned forward and pressed a helpless kiss to Castiel’s cheek.
His strenuous efforts were halted by a hand gripped tightly to his leg. He looked up to find Dean’s brows furrowed, puzzled.
For a moment, Sam simply stared at him.
For a moment, Castiel couldn’t help but stare at the man in front of him, suspended in a state of awe. He stared at the sweep of his eyelashes fanning out atop the freckled skin of his cheeks. At his brow, slightly furrowed with the effort of keeping himself alive. At the strained breaths he was forcing himself to take, one after the other after the other. At his hands, white-knuckled where they were gripped to Castiel’s sleeves as he somehow, impossibly, pushed through the immeasurable pain he was experiencing.
forgiveness... can you imagineeeee?
Castiel nodded, and then the two settled further into each other.
He started towards Dean hesitantly, but once he was within reach, he was haphazardly yanked into him. He squawked as he practically flopped on top of his chest. Dean laughed, then wrapped his arms around him. Castiel’s cheek was now resting against his warm, solid body.
“We’re not,” Dean cut him off, unamused. “Anyways, to me, everything about you is angelic.” He waggled his eyebrows.
He looked at Castiel pointedly. “I have a few ideas.”
“You can sleep now, Cas. It’s alright.”
“Yes, Dean. I’m fine.
, only to finally meet his match at the hands of a wall decoration. But that conversation could wait until he was safe, sound, and healthy, and without a gigantic, gaping wound in his back. That conversation could wait until he was healed.
Jack grimaced. “Sorry. I got excited.”
. He knew exactly why he was feeling anxious, and it had everything to do with what he had told him when they last parted.
Dean turned his head to take in Castiel’s form. He was laying on his side, as far away from the center of the bed as physically possible. Half of his body was dangling precariously over the edge, and he had a feeling that if he fell asleep like this— if he even
Castiel took his hand and pressed one, searing kiss to Dean’s palm. Dean felt his skin ignite there with a pleasant burn.
Dean hummed against his neck. “I’m just glad I’m awake now.” He smiled and pressed a kiss to Castiel’s warm skin. “This is a hell of a lot better than heaven.”
He squeezed his thigh, and Castiel thought he could feel a current travel through him in response like a live wire.
(See the end of the chapter for
His own arms hung limply to his sides. He wasn’t quite aware of himself but thought he might feel tears on his face. He tried to speak, but no words came out.
“Right.” He cleared his throat. “I knew Sam would also understand.”
Castiel gave him a sad smile, then took one of Dean’s slack hands from his side and raised it to his mouth. He pressed a gentle kiss to the back of it and watched as Dean let out a labored sigh, his eyes falling to a close.
dying, so—” He swallowed, and then his hands moved from Dean’s face to his shoulders. He gripped them tightly. “This is going to hurt, but it will all be over soon,” he said with a grimace, like the words themselves could further injure Dean. “I promise.”
“Dean, is he injured?” another voice, Sam, asked from somewhere nearby. Castiel hadn’t gotten his bearings yet, currently able to focus only on the sound of Dean’s voice and the feeling of his body against his own.
“How are you feeling?”
“Please, try to forget your nightmare, Dean. There is no place you can go that I won’t follow.”
“Did you call an ambulance?”
, I'm so sorry."
Castiel simply grinned in response. He could get used to mornings like this.
The prayer came out ragged and breathy.
“A.M.,” Dean corrected. “Sam just went to bed. Told me to tell you good night.”
“What?” His head snapped back up to Sam. “No one.”
“Are you okay?”
Castiel was, patently, not alright. In fact, he was currently struggling to rid his mind of the gut-wrenching image of Dean bleeding out and seconds away from death with a piece of rusty rebar spearing through his torso. He felt sick.
?” Sam sputtered.
“I feel fine," his voice came out rasped, his throat dry. "A little overwhelmed, but otherwise fine.” Sam nodded, then grabbed a glass of water from the nightstand, offering it to Castiel. He wordlessly accepted it, took a drink, then continued. “Sam,” he said hesitantly, “what happened after I died? How did you get me out of the Empty?”
The feeling of Castiel’s warm breath and soft moans against him was the heaven Dean had always imagined for himself. Much better than his dream, in which the angel was notably absent.
He closed the distance between them and pressed his lips against Castiel’s in a kiss that somehow made time both stop and speed up.
But it helped. The distraction, the simplicity, the domesticity that cooking in a quiet kitchen provided. Every little bit of it helped.
Which. Was total bullshit. Right out of the gate, Dean was going with bullshit. A lie Cas didn’t even have to work to clock.
Cas’ were rough against his. Chapped and dry and so insanely perfect that Dean couldn’t help but melt against them. But melt against him. But reach his free hand up and hold Cas’ jaw in his palm. Like he was something precious. Something that might break if Dean wasn’t careful.
Dean licked his lips to chase the taste of it.
album and kept his mouth shut tight so that he didn’t get in the way.
“Morning, Dean.”
He braced his left hand around the edge of the desk to give himself something to hold onto. Something to anchor himself with. Was careful to keep his other hand loose, lax so that he couldn’t fuck this up before he even started.
because he didn’t need to.
Brand-new.
If Cas told Dean he thought that ring was beautiful, it had nothing to do with it.
That feeling without a name. That bright-hot, Cas-shaped
A drive he’d made so many times, he could do it with his eyes closed.
Sam busied himself with stacking pancakes, Cas with eating them, and Dean with taking a long sip of coffee. Closed his eyes with it. Felt the warmth of it all the way down to his stomach, to the tips of his toes and back up to the crown of his head, and sighed. Softly.
But Cas didn’t get up. He didn’t get off the couch.
Refused to watch the words leave Cas’ mouth when he spoke. Slow, smooth. “What we’ve got here is failure to communicate.”
Cas and that Walkman were still attached to the hip. He still brought it with him everywhere he went, but more often than not, he was listening to some thrift store, pop hand-me-down. One of the many he’d picked up over the last few weeks. The covers all pinks and purples and oranges and blues that clashed something awful inside Dean’s old cardboard box. Vibrant against a sea of blacks and whites and greys and reds.
That stupid old Walkman ended up making a better EMF meter than it ever did a music player.
They ate side-by-side on the floor, with their legs out long and their backs to Dean’s bed. Pressed together from ankle, to knee, to elbow, to shoulder.
A silent signal to Dean that he had his full attention.
But Cas’ expression didn’t move an inch. Dean should have known Cas would see right through him. Because Cas always saw right through him.
If only Dean could figure out how the fuck to do that, too.
He would know it anywhere.
whistling up on the TV. When Cas came in, sat down sideways on the couch next to him, pressed his cheek into the cushion in a way that had to make the headphones too tight for comfort, and tucked his toes under Dean’s thigh.
Cas’ voice was softer when he kept going. Smaller. Like a secret.
He was pretty sure Cas already knew. He was pretty sure Cas could hear it in every song Dean showed him, every cassette he handed over. Every laugh he let ring and every shared mug of coffee.
If Dean were more of a douchebag, he might have scoffed. Might have told Cas it was silly to look for that much meaning in some girly pop song. That he was taking two and two and turning it into four hundred, but Cas wasn’t usually one for subtext like that.
They were on their way to the grocery store. Dean’s usual Tuesday run.
It was as close to a lullaby as he’d ever gotten.
Too quiet for daydreams. Too quiet for desire. For everything Dean wanted and couldn’t quite have.
Dean used that same knuckle to tap on the side of the Walkman, to push it harder into Cas’ hand. “What are you waiting for, man? Take her for a spin.”
“Guess you finally found the Doors, then,” he started. Put his elbow down on top of the paper, pillowed his cheek against his fist. “What do you think?”
Dean could only be proud that he didn’t gasp at the touch. At all the points of contact between him and Cas-
to go away. Ever.
at the edge of Dean’s consciousness helped the kitchen go silent. A gentle hand on his neck stopped the tears cold. Clean.
“Oh, Jesus Christ, Sam.” Dean felt his face twist up the same way it did whenever he smelled something bad. “
He wasn’t all that good at being nine, but Sammy was great at being five and if Dean wasn’t careful, Sam would turn his
But Cas surprised him with a bright smile, with an enthusiastic nod and a, “Yes,
He wasn’t thinking about money, when he went for something new. He wasn’t thinking about limitless credit cards or bottomless bank accounts or Charlie’s gigantic, wonderful brain. He wasn’t trying to go above and beyond for the hell of it. Because that was a thing he could do now. Whenever he felt like it.
“Sounds like you,” he said. Simple. Pleased.
Was pretty sure that thought was written all over his face with the way Cas was looking back at him. Blue eyes all half-lidded and sleepy, smile pulled soft at the corners. Slightly purple and probably sweet.
Cas left the room before Dean could even begin to try, but maybe that was a good thing. Maybe silence was better than what Dean wanted to say.
What Cas didn’t know wouldn’t kill him.
Cool. He could play it cool.
He needed his pocketknife for the two smaller boxes he found waiting for him on the inside. Flicked it open and dragged the blade along the edge, cut into the thin plastic with one hand and pulled it off, balled it up in the other.
He’d deny it if anybody ever pointed it out, but Dean would do just about anything to keep Cas smiling like that. Even if it meant listening to Beyonce all the way back to the bunker.
Almost grave. Dry. Just shy of sincere. “I’m so sorry you had to find out this way.”
So, yeah. Dean used canvas bags. Whenever he could remember them. Because they were better for the ocean he’d only ever seen and never touched.
to fill all the newfound silence that came with getting grounded. Was probably trying to replace angel radio with other sounds and voices, but it didn’t really matter.
A soft
Dean had never been more grateful to Maggie McGill in his whole life.
He resolutely was not thinking about it when he ducked into the front seat to grab the Amazon box off the bench. Bent down to get his box of cassettes out from underneath it. Shut the door behind him with an easy jerk of his elbow and went around to the front so that he could lift himself up onto the hood next to Cas.
It took near Herculean strength for Dean not to roll his eyes.
Totally aloof, and completely at ease in his own little world. Like the very sight of him didn’t drag a match across Dean’s skin. A match that sparked and lit and crackled too close for all the kerosine Dean had in his veins.
A calloused thumb out long, to push at his chin. Angled his head so that he had no choice but to look Cas in the eyes. But to let calm waves wash away the threat of tears.
A blurry, static half-image.
“How long have you been awake?”
He swallowed hard. Blinked harder. Brought his eyes back up to Cas’ and didn’t know what to do with the way Cas was watching him. The lazy tip of his head, the comfortable set of his shoulders, the curl of soft hair around his ears.
Dean didn’t think too hard about that. Or, at least. He tried not to.
Half an hour later, he was back on the road. The one that would lead him home this time. His wallet was even lighter, his chest a little tighter, but his hands were a little steadier, and his jacket pocket was a little heavier.
But to hold still.
But Cas shifted before he could. Closer. Scooted across the couch until they were knee to knee, elbow to elbow, shoulder to shoulder. Touching all the way up.
If he was braver, or weaker, he would have run his tongue over his lips before he spoke. Slow. Just to see what Cas would do.
He didn’t make any move to finish that thought, though. He let the words go and let them hang there. Out in the open.
Sincere as ever. “I thought there were still another few months left until Christmas.”
“A tape, Cas.” To pull himself from the thought. To help give Cas a clue. “Pick one.”
Somebody was getting ready to say
Dean knew how easy it would be, to take a deep breath and tilt his head down, to purse his lips and press them to the pad of Cas’ thumb. Two parts tender, three parts need.
Cas nodded behind a slow sip that Dean followed in his peripheral vision. Refused to turn his head and watch him put his lips on the glass.
Playing dumb was worth it for the way Cas huffed. The way Dean could hear in his voice that he wanted to roll his eyes. Dry. “They spend most of their time in the desert, Dean. How often could that come in handy?”
But Dean couldn’t move. Couldn’t find a concrete reason to. Cas didn’t knock his hand out of place or tense beneath it. Didn’t seem uncomfortable or do anything to make it seem like the touch was unwelcome, so Dean. Didn’t.
sometime-”
Could only hold the tape up, label side out, and wonder, “This it?”
Dean wanted to be more difficult about it, wanted to keep pushing his buttons, but he didn’t get the chance to.
His head was buzzing like a broken radio, a run-down hunk of junk with a dial that turned and turned and turned and never quite tuned, but he’d be lying if he said the sound, the feeling that came along with it was brand-new.
Dean thanked all his lucky stars that Cas couldn’t hear the way his breath caught. That he had a safe second to regain control, to focus his attention back on the stove and the task at hand while Cas slid the headphones from his ears to his neck.
It was love. That bright-hot, Cas-shaped thing that lived in Dean. That fire that simmered low in the pit of his stomach, that twisted and turned and burned in the hollow of his chest.
when Cas wandered into the room. Hair dripping, skin pink from a hot shower. Posture loose and lax, the way it got whenever he was particularly tired. Proved the point with a long yawn as he sat down on the other side of the couch and squinted up at the TV.
Cas pulled back so that they could look each other in the eye, but stayed close enough that they didn’t have to let go.
Cas was close enough that Dean could nudge him in the stomach with his elbow, so he did. Nudged him. Tried to nudge away the concern along with it.
Dean’s mouth tugged itself into a smile before he could bite the impulse back. Was almost glad he didn’t when Cas’ eyes fell to watch it pull at his lips. “Yeah?”
Warm, and whole, and healed.
Dean looked towards the passenger side at the sound. Took in the way Cas’ cheeks pulled high with it, the way his eyes crinkled at the corners.
Cas closed the gap and kissed him before Dean could even think to say
His hair was a mess, like he’d been tugging on it. Or running his hands through it. An absent gesture he’d picked up somewhere along the way, that Dean had always wanted to tease him for, but never did. Needed him to keep doing it more than he needed to make fun of him.
that he could barely see.
He considered the space next to Cas for a second, but ended up stopping at his desk, directly across from where Cas was sitting. Leaned with his weight back against it. Left barely more than an arm’s length of space between them, but it was better than sitting down on the bed next to him. Gave Dean more room to breathe, to be.
Cool, like the lazy tip of Cas’ head, the hip he had pressed against the counter. The hand he had shoved in the pocket of his pajama pants and the other he had wrapped around a navy blue mug.
A soft
Was so hopped up on
and more like
Googling it was easy in the same way navigating Amazon wasn’t, easy to tough, simple to complex in less time than it took for Dean to bring the bottle up to his lips for a good pull, but 45 minutes and eight different vendors later, he had an empty bottle sitting on the table and a brand-new Walkman sitting in the cart.
He was much more of a main text kind of guy, and knowing that helped smooth whatever teasing smile had started to pull at Dean’s lips. Felt it go smoother, felt his whole expression fall flatter the longer those words rattled around inside his skull.
But the words stuck tight to the roof of his mouth, the same way they always did, and the song always ended after two and a half minutes.
“Says you.”
into a necklace the same way he’d done with his
He didn’t know what to make of it at first. Cas’ sudden interest.
He made to step away, to push off his heel and make his way out of the room, but Sam’s voice stopped him dead in his tracks.
Because the fabric felt different on his palm. Warmer. Softer.
He didn’t complain when he woke up the next morning in the very same place, only. With Cas’ feet across his lap, a hand pushed up Cas’ pantleg to hold onto his shin, and a crick in his neck that he couldn’t find in himself to damn.
He kept perfectly still. Ignored the way Cas reached that thumb up under his sleeve. The way Cas trailed his fingertips back and forth and back and forth and back and forth, an easy rhythm that made Dean’s mind go slow the same way it made his heart go fast.
Bright-hot, Cas-shaped.
“What?” Sam’s voice pitched up with it. Offended. “What’s wrong with
When he finally had enough sense to follow, it was with two forks and two knives. And two full mugs of coffee.
To him, there was a difference.
Cas still had his mouth full when he said, “I only just started the A-side,” and yeah, Dean should have expected that answer, knew it from the song he was on, felt his stomach start to drop with it, started to feel stupid for asking, but Cas kept going after he swallowed, “but so far, I like them very much.”
Dean walked back to the kitchen with a head full of static. White noise that hummed near deafening. Nothing like what was coming out of Cas’ headphones, all,
Or, for that matter, sneaking up behind Dean at the stove.
It was just that.
“She’s thanking her ex-boyfriends. Saying that she’s grateful to have had the chance to love them even though those relationships didn’t necessarily work out.” A pause. A steady breath in, and out. “Because in losing them and in spending time alone, she learned to love herself.”
He wasn’t quite used to it, wasn’t sure it was something he’d ever get used to, or something he even wanted to get used to, but almost. Almost.
“Well, if you look towards the right side of the vehicle-” Dean raised his pointer finger off of Cas’ leg to point at the screen, towards Butch and Sundance standing on the side of a side of a cliff, water down below and bad guys all too close, “-you’ll find exhibit A.”
Of all the things Dean thought he might say, that definitely wasn’t one of them.
Cas didn’t lift his head, didn’t take his eyes up off his book when Sam acknowledged Dean and said, “Just one’s fine.”
Dean could count the
It wasn’t something they did every day. But Dean wouldn’t mind. If it was.
He wondered what Cas would do. If his eyes would go wide. If he would gasp. If he would leave it there and let it be enough or if he would want more, if he would push into the wet heat of his mouth and press down on his tongue.
He liked that Cas usually waited for the song to change or for the album to finish before he asked, like if he asked in the middle, it might interfere with the full experience.
around in his head until he remembered when he’d first gotten into music.
“Okay. So that one right there-”
48 in total, salt and burn included, until Dean was back home, on the couch in the bunker. Glass of whiskey in his left hand, remote in his right. Butch and Sundance as good a company now as they were when he was 8, and 13, and 26, and 35, and-
In for a penny, in for a pound.
The same sort of logic applied to the clothes thing. The thing where, more often than not, Cas chose to steal a shirt from Dean’s dresser or a flannel from his closet instead of wearing anything of his own.
Cas’ sixth sense saved him the same way it always did.
Dean knew loss. Intimately. He knew what it could do to people. Knew what it could drive them to.
Cas clearly didn’t think much of it. If the way he pushed back in his seat and stood was any indication.
The one he’d picked out today was heathered grey and slightly wrinkled, soft fabric pulled tight across his chest, around his arms.
Now came the hard part.
There was something slow in Cas’ movements. If Dean closed his eyes and thought about it real hard. Not hesitant, or careful, but almost. Almost sorry. Somehow. An apology Cas was trying to engrave into his skin. Like Cas was trying to tell him.
He let it go, they moved on, and when they all were done, they each went their separate ways. Sam, to go shower, Cas, to go find a book in the library, and Dean, to go do some research at the desk in his room.
Cas kissed him, and took those words right off the tip of his tongue.
Didn’t mean Dean had to admit it, though.
“It’s not a Christmas gift, dumbass.” Even so, Dean officially understood the Grinch better at this very moment than he ever did. Was afraid he might scream if his heart grew any bigger. “It’s to say thank you.”
Almost too easy. To step to one side. To step into the space between Cas’ knees. To wrap his arms around Cas’ waist and rest his hands on Cas’ back.
Was so focused on holding still, on keeping calm that he didn’t notice the song had changed. Not until the words came in.
Cas got up without another word. Dean hid another laugh behind a quick sip from Cas’ mug. White, patterned gold with thin honeycomb and tiny, grey bees.
There were also times Dean looked around and saw a brother. Saw Sam. Alive, and happy, and healthy. Face red and bright after a long run, eyes poised and ready to roll while he made some kind of disgusting green smoothie to a chorus of teasing. Laughter lines etched into his forehead, and his eyes, and his mouth.
And apparently, that was enough for him. Because he nodded, eyes softened, brow smoothed. Turned his head to face forward and took his hands away from the headphones so that he could fold them in his lap. Shifted, settled deeper into the couch. Made no move to leave Dean’s side.
Dean did what he could not to push him away any further. Not to deepen the cracks he could feel splintering beneath his feet.
So fast that he wondered if Cas could feel it.
Something in Dean settled, when he thought about Cas with a cheap, black pen in his hand and a thick stack of Post-its in front of him. When he thought about Cas sitting there with his brow pinched, his eyes narrowed, his shoulders hunched while he took the time to ensure that every line was perfect, to make sure the note was crystal clear in its meaning.
Five days later, Dean got the email that the Walkman and the headphones had both been delivered to their PO box in Lebanon. He picked the package up when he went out on his usual Tuesday grocery run later that afternoon.
Lines Dean looked on with pride.
Dean ignored the goosebumps he could feel prickling on his arms and slid the tape in A-side up. Closed it with another good
Just in time to forget all over again.
“What he said,” and took his cheek from his fist so that he could reach over again for Cas’ honeycomb mug. “Check in the oven.”
Cas only moved so far as to rest their foreheads together, brushed their noses together with it. Matched Dean breath for breath. Inhale for exhale. Heart, beat for beat.
The car was too small, the air was too calm, the rest of the world was too far away for words like,
Like it was something they did every day.
He was lying back on his bed, down towards the end with his legs hanging long over the edge. Thin strip of tanned skin exposed where his t-shirt had ridden up.
They stayed like that through Lord Baltimore, to Bolivia, to bank robberies with language barriers all the way to a freeze frame in the middle of gunfire.
It was just that Cas deserved something that wasn’t going to crap out on him after a month. Was all.
Didn’t say anything other than, “Oh?” with an easy lilt to his voice that Dean would’ve found soothing any other day. Any other day.
“Awesome.” Dean slid his hand from Cas’ shoulder before he could do something stupid. Like touch the backs of his knuckles to the stubble on Cas’ jaw. “I uh- wanna show you something,” he said. Motioned with a tip of his head towards the doorway. The one that would lead them to the garage. “C’mon.”
Dean was going to kill him.
Maybe Dean didn’t have to be quite so afraid.
He’d be lying if he said he wasn’t putting it off. If he wasn’t purposefully coming up with a million and one other things he had to do first before he could go down to Cas’ room.
“What are you watching?” Cas’ voice was rough, but soft. A deep growl that never failed to warm Dean from the inside out.
The picture of comfortable and casual. Quiet, while he sat and waited. Something slow, lazy in the way he blinked, the way he breathed.
Sam’s voice was a bucket of cold water to Dean’s system. A shock that nearly made him flinch.
Dean could feel his pulse all the way down in his fingertips. Had fire licking at his cheeks, stars dancing behind his eyelids.
It sounded so simple, when he said it like that. Too simple. For the lives they all lived.
Too close. It was too close to a name. Too close to whatever that bright-hot, Cas-shaped
Cas narrowed his eyes at that, burned the line of Dean’s jaw with the weight of his gaze. “What about it?”
Cas’ eyes softened. His thumb featherlight, as it scratched over Dean’s stubble and swept a steady path across his chin.
There was nothing for him to be defensive about, or hide, or admit.
“You know what?” He shook his head as he dropped his hands back down to his sides. Deflated. Deflected. “Just shut up, okay? Stop talking. Forever.”
Play it
Opened his eyes just in time to watch Cas swallow, followed the way his throat bobbed with it. Gaze set low, mouth a tight line. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say that Cas’ skin had gone red, that he had a flush across his cheeks, down the side of his neck.
It was just a ring. They were just headphones.
It made Dean feel small. Stupid.
How was he ever supposed to deserve anything, how was he ever supposed to find the right words when he couldn’t even say goodnight?
Probably found it hidden in dark circles and bloodshot eyes.
Cas’ eyes dropped to Dean’s plate so fast that Dean couldn’t push down the laugh that bubbled its way up. Watched Cas’ eyes widen at the mess of purple they landed on, watched the corner of his mouth twitch into half a smile.
Couldn’t bring himself to say any of the things he was thinking. Not with Cas standing there, looking like that.
Tone clipped. “Yes, I can see that.”
If anything, his eyes just got softer. His voice did, too, when he nodded, just once, and said, “I know.”
“What’s the jukebox playing tonight?”
It was love. It had always been love.
Might lose his nerve completely.
“So, that means it sucks.”
He wasn’t expecting it. The way Cas reached out and grabbed onto his sleeve. A jump, a jerk of a movement that stopped Dean on a dime.
If Cas had something to say about it, he kept it to himself.
So he kept quiet and let Cas play that godawful radio station whenever they were in the car. He bought whatever Cas handed him at the record store and didn’t poke fun at any of the covers. He listened to Cas talk about
A question that made Cas’ eyes brighten. A nod that made his hair move and sway. A smile that showed teeth when he opened his mouth to say, “Yes,” and then, “Thank you,” when they got out to the parking lot and Dean handed him the tape.
Yeah. He was in his forties. He lost his breath ripping open a box sometimes. Shut the hell up about it.
He didn’t care that it was a stupid Taylor Swift cassette that got them there. He didn’t care that that, of all things, was the thing that pushed them over the edge.
Buying that Walkman was one of the best ideas Dean ever had. Granted, his ratio of good ideas to bad ideas didn’t have much to say about his track record. At least, it didn’t have nice things to say about his track record.
He didn’t need to, though, because what he did understand? What he had spent a decade coming to realize? Was that he didn’t want the feeling, he didn’t want that unnamed, Cas-shaped
Which. It didn’t.
They only made it about a minute and a half on their own sides of the car. Had been like this ever since. All wandering hands and rapid heartbeats and soft lips and soft sounds. Kissing long and slow under the stars. Without a care in the world, and Taylor friggen Swift singing somewhere in the background.
The words rang clear as a bell.
Cas was knee deep in a rant about the merits of singers that wrote their own songs versus those that didn’t. His cheeks were flushed a rosy shade of pink, dark hair gone wild. Eyes half-lidded, slumped back in his chair as he argued, mostly with himself, over whether or not artists that didn’t write their own songs could be called true artists, or if they were simply performers.
“I don’t know. This-” Cas gestured towards the radio with his chin, the same way Dean had done just seconds ago. “What you listen to. I never paid it much attention before.”
“Morning, sunshine.” Dean looked up to find Cas already looking back. Vast blue that put the taste of salt water on his tongue. That washed away memories of hungry nights and long drives that felt bone-deep lonely. “Sleep okay?”
He held the mug in his left hand. The hand caught between them. Let Cas know it was theirs to share when he leaned just a little bit further into Cas’ space and rested the mug on Cas’ flannel-clad left knee.
But that didn’t mean Dean had any kind of a name for it. The feeling. The flame he could feel licking heat up the side of his neck. The fire simmering low in the pit of his stomach, twisting and turning and burning in the hollow of his chest.
He didn’t know what to call it, but he wasn’t really sure that mattered. Naming something didn’t matter so long as that unnamed
He was definitely smiling. It was small, higher at the left side of his mouth than the right, a soft thing that only just crinkled his eyes, but it was a smile.
Because of course the fucker would quote
Cas’ response came after a long few seconds. So long that Dean wasn’t sure he was even going to answer at all.
Knocked on Cas’ door with his left. Pushed the door open instead of waiting for an answer. Before he could psyche himself out.
Every so often he’d ask.
Dean took his eyes off the road to watch Cas shake his head. To watch his brow pinch. To watch his lips part and search for words he didn’t quite know how to say. Warm and human in a way Cas hadn’t always been capable of.
Dean picked the headphones up off his lap and wrapped them around the back of Cas’ neck. To help him understand. To drive the point home.
wasn’t close enough.
Dean didn’t look, didn’t quite know what was happening when Cas turned his head, slow. Even slower, how he tilted it, to rest his forehead against the line of Dean’s jaw. Something just shy of hesitant.
Dean gave himself one more long breath. Two more seconds. Three more beats of his heart before he took a step back. Before he clapped a hand to Cas’ shoulder and said, “No problem.”
Barely there. Blink and you miss it.
They were up front, stretched out across the hood. Tangled together. Oblivious to anything that wasn’t the brush of their lips, the press of their bodies.
What was surprising, however, was the neon pink Post-it that Dean could see peeking out from underneath it.
Dean was grateful he got to see Cas’ smile every morning, and before he went to sleep every night.
Dean didn’t know why he never got around to throwing it out. Now that he’d seen Cas in it, he never would.
And now Cas’ halo was gone for good and the guilt that wrapped itself around Dean’s atoms had climbed so high in the back of his throat that he could taste it. Could choke on it. Could feel the telltale prick of tears burning his eyes, threatening to fall because it was his fault, his fault, it was always his fault, Cas had lost everything and it was always gonna be Dean’s fault.
But Dean couldn’t look over. Couldn’t move. Couldn’t really breathe.
Not his bed. But a stupid old bed in a stupid old motel in stupid old Louisiana.
He squeezed Dean’s hand, the one he was still cradling in his palm. The one with the tape.
Even if it meant there was a rock the size of a small boulder sitting in Dean’s gut. Heavy. Huge.
Dean could smell the mint of his toothpaste this close, the fresh scent of the detergent he’d used to wash his sweater.
But as quickly as it all came, it was gone again.
If anything, it only got worse because from that day on, Cas and that Walkman were attached at the hip. Literally.
So blurry, made his head spin so fast that when he stripped down to his briefs and went to throw his jeans over his desk chair, he nearly missed it.
And another. And another.
The headband stood out bright silver against his dark hair, his tanned skin. Cushions soft, slightly smushed against the corner of his jaw, snug on either side of his throat.
because, “If you liked their first album, you’re gonna go nuts for this one. Trust me.”
“Seriously, Cas. Quit worrying. I’m fine.” Dean took the mug back from him and took a long sip, tried to drive the point home with a satisfied
Dean might have teased him for it, if he had an ounce more energy.
to steal all his attention.
“No.” Cas kept looking at him, even as he reached into his pocket to turn the Walkman off with a soft
He had this kinda far-away look in his eye, though. Dean first caught it at the tail end of
Beaming still, when they caught news of a haunting in Tulsa later that week and Sam decided to stay back.
Maybe messier.
“So I stopped quick at the record store earlier. While I had a couple extra minutes to kill in town.”
Cas’ eyelashes, soft, fluttering against his cheek. Cas’ nose, blunt, brushing against his throat. Cas’ lips, rough, ghosting over his collarbone. Cas’ hand, strong, tightening in his sleeve.
“Pretty cheesy, I know.” More forced nonchalance. More of that security blanket, wrapped around sharp fragments of truth. “But the way I figured, Taylor Swift doesn’t totally suck and everything I’ve heard off here’s got kinda like an 80’s vibe to it, so I-I thought-I.” Dean sighed. Tongue-tied. Face hot, neck hot, desperate to keep calm, cool. “I thought you might like it.”
Dean wouldn’t mind. If it was. If he started every day with blueberry pancakes, philosophical conversations about classic rock, a cup of coffee passed back and forth between the two of them.
With every passing second, every warm bite, every familiar note, Dean felt the tension in his shoulders unwind a little more. Felt the knots in his stomach uncurl. Felt the dull throb in the back of his skull go smooth and the steady ache in his tired muscles go quiet.
And the only thing that could justify what came next was that old phrase Bobby always liked to say. The one he liked to sigh whenever he was about to do something particularly stupid.
Something he could rely on.
It was French toast this morning. A quiet Sunday. Wonderfully slow, after a four-day vamp case in Omaha that had left Dean with nothing but tired muscles and a sore back.
even though the melody was barely audible beneath Cas’ voice.
Pink Floyd,
Got him back a minute or two later, when Jim Morrison started babbling incoherent nonsense mid-verse and it was Dean’s turn to laugh.
“You know,” he said, and it was casual. Same kinda
The headphones did little to tame his sleep-wrecked hair. Even from the back, it was a disaster. Dean’s hands tightened around the newspaper, felt it, heard it crinkle and crease with the movement. The ache, the instinct to reach out and touch and run his hands through Cas’ dark hair and make it neater.
Dean wasn’t quick enough to catch the laugh that crawled its way up.
Dean had enough butterflies in his stomach without Sam embarrassing him to high holy hell and blowing fire on the flames like some primordial dragon.
He didn’t push it.
Spoke, before Cas could make this any harder. Before Cas could ask him if he was alright like it looked like he might.
Dean would find the words someday. For now, he would keep letting the music speak for him.
His pajamas for the night were a pair of plaid blue pants and a pale, pink t-shirt. One of Dean’s, that had been white once upon a time, but had accidentally gotten tossed into the wash with a brand-new red flannel and got wrecked in the crossfire.
Where all great men had all their great ideas. Or whatever.
That was a two-asterisk album for Cas. One of his favorites. Dean had to fight against the smile he could feel trying to claw its way up.
Dean would, too, but he didn’t say so out loud.
He lifted a harsh finger to point at Sam, had a threat ready on the tip of his tongue, an impulse that begged him to bark and bite and burn with sharp words, but the urge fell away as quickly as it came. Hot to cold, 60 to zero in half a second, a heavy foot on the proverbial break because threatening Sam meant that Dean had something to be defensive about. Meant that he had something to hide. Something to admit.
“Knock yourself out,” he said, voice rough. A ragged scratch in the back of his throat. A scratch he couldn’t bring himself to clear it as he tore his eyes away from Cas’. “It’s yours.”
Which. Did the trick in more ways than one. Helped loosen the vice in Dean’s chest, helped knock his own ass into gear, too.
A steady cadence had Dean’s pulse going fast, had his heart climbing high over a solid, few minutes of
Perfect, for the storm destroying Dean’s insides.
He was really never gonna live this next bit down.
and a caffeine warm smile, more genuine than the last. “See?
Dean held his right hand up into the air between them, palm up. A cassette copy of Taylor Swift's
There were times Dean looked around and found ghosts waiting at every corner. Times where he looked around and saw everyone he’d ever loved, everyone he’d ever lost. Times he was afraid he wouldn’t be long behind.
He heard Cas before he saw him. Slow footsteps. Noise dampened by the drag of pajama pants beneath his heels. Feet bare against the floor.
A small smile. A silent
pinched between the bend of his pointer finger and his thumb. Not used, or hand-me-down, or vintage or refurbished or classic, but new.
Dean didn’t have to look up to know there was a curious set to Cas’ mouth, a question waiting for him in the corners. He could feel Cas’ eyes on his face. Just watching, waiting. Could feel the heat, could smell, taste the salt of the ocean.
He was too busy trying to remember how to breathe.
As if they were holding something important, something meaningful, and not just some dumb Taylor Swift cassette.
a soft set of words pulled him from the thought.
The Doors. Cas was listening to the Doors.
Spoke, to put words on his tongue, instead.
The ten seconds it took for Cas to roll his eyes and run a rough hand through his hair gave Dean enough time to finally catch a couple of the words. To recognize the voice, a little of the tune.
Because honestly, there was something sorta nice about it. About seeing Cas so at ease. About seeing Cas fall asleep mid-song. About seeing Cas’ smile light up when he put an asterisk next to an album title in his notes app and seeing his nose crinkle when he threw a tape back into the box with an exaggerated frown and an,
Too stubborn to bring the Amazon box in with him and subject himself to Sam’s dumb, knowing smile. The way his voice would perk at the edges and the inevitability of
That seemed to knock Cas’ ass into gear, at least a little bit. Dean had already shifted his gaze, refocused his eyes on the box in his lap, but the soft, familiar sound of Cas sifting through the cassettes eased itself into the air, replaced some of the silence. The light smack of plastic against plastic, the dull thud of plastic against cardboard.
Cas already knew Dean was trying to say
So that he wasn’t taking the tape from him, but rather that they were holding it. Together.
Cas had just blinked. Just said, “Going with you,” and waited quietly while Dean unlocked the doors. Climbed into the passenger seat without an ounce of hesitation.
“Pick one,” he said, but Cas didn’t move.
and was always nearby, even if he wasn’t as close as Dean wanted him to be.
Nobody needed to know the way he nearly gasped when Cas’ cheek came to rest against the top of his head. When Cas shifted to adjust to Dean’s weight, twined his arm over Dean’s so that he could settle more comfortably against him, and reached out to help Dean hold the mug at his knee.
How could you call anything that was over a decade old
Cas was warm, and here, and safe, and alive, and that was so much better than Dean ever thought he was going to get. More than he thought he deserved. He’d never been the type to look a gift horse in the mouth and he wasn’t about to start now.
Not when Dean could already hear it. Not when Dean had already heard it a thousand times before.
All the words Dean couldn’t say. Bright-hot and Cas-shaped. Teasing him, mocking him. He wanted to scream. Wanted to whisper
It was subconscious, the way he avoided Cas’ eyes. A survival instinct that kept him from falling in and drowning. Chose instead to watch Cas’ hands. Followed them up and back down as he took the headphones off his neck and placed them on the bed.
He angled his hand so that Cas could see what button he was pushing, felt Cas’ shoulder knock into his when he leaned in closer. So that he could get a better look. Had his eyes on Dean’s hand when the Walkman popped open with a good
Because Cas had a book out in front of him, five more off to his left, and the Walkman over to his right.
“No, it- you can leave it,” he said. Tried not to sound too frantic about it, too desperate. Tried not to think about how strong Cas’ leg was, how soft the material of his pants was under his palm. “I don’t mind.”
A smile Dean could see there, could find in the lines near his eyes rather than in the pale, chapped lips that parted to say, “I have so much to be thankful for.”
Dean’s answering nod was a little slow, because of course Cas knew. Of course Cas could cut through the bullshit and see the truth, but he didn’t know how to respond without looking like a complete and total dumbass.
In a way that made Dean’s jigsaw heart beat that much faster.
“Done with what?” Sam leaned over once he sat so that he could look into the space between them. Dean tore his eyes away from Cas’ face just in time to watch Sam’s eyebrows shoot up. “Oh man. You finally made it to the Doors? You have
He’d considered buying a used one. Spent a little too long blinking at the screen, throwing words like
Sam again. “So?”
Because Dean being Dean meant he was going to make them worse. Somehow. Dean being Dean meant he was going to put his foot in his mouth eventually, meant he was going to say something he didn’t mean and push Cas away for good.
Piece by piece, Dean got braver.
because he saw that it was playing on TCM when he flicked through the channels. He had to watch an hour of it, at the very, very least, because it was awesome.
He wanted to say that the tape had probably belonged to some teenage girl who’d bought it at an Urban Outfitters because she thought it would be cool to have something that seemed vintage. That she’d probably listened to it once, realized how annoying tapes could be, and gave it to her dad to get rid of because it was just that much easier to stream.
Dean wondered if it felt as warm as it looked. If it would burn to touch. If it would taste like sunshine.
It only took around a month for
Cas nodded around another sip from his-
Whatever Dean was going to say next got lost when Sam walked into the room. Still slightly out of breath from his run, long hair plastered to his forehead with sweat. Face bright red as he ducked into the fridge for a cold bottle of water and walked over towards the stove.
Dean nodded. Could only describe the smile that brightened Cas’ face as blinding.
Found himself glad for the first time in his life that something had been shipped to him with flimsy cardboard, cheap tape. Cheap enough that he could rip it apart with his hands, pull it open without so much as losing his breath.
Another flutter of his eyelashes, a brush of his nose up Dean’s cheek so light that Dean wasn’t sure he hadn’t imagined it, Cas pulled back.
Beyonce obviously knew she was all that and a bag of chips. Miley’s new sound was actually pretty cool. Early Gaga had a bit of a Bowie thing going on. Lana made Dean want to wrap his car around a tree, but Kesha was almost unfairly catchy. Lizzo was a powerhouse. Anybody with ears could admit that Rihanna had style.
But if he looked in the mirror. If he looked long and hard at his scars and his eyes and his chest and his life, he could see that Cas sort of had a point. Shit, Cas definitely had a point.
Dean had no idea what to focus on. No idea where to start. Where he started, where Cas ended.
The tape in the middle of his desk.
“It’s pretty simple,” he said, and held the Walkman up into the air between them. Watched Cas tilt his chin out of the corner of his eye. Curious. “This one’s
It was tinny, the sound that was drifting from Cas’ headphones tonight. Almost hollow. If Dean had to guess, he’d put his money on an old guitar. One of those real shitty ones that always sounded slightly out of tune.
Really? Is
Cas had a plate in each hand, had taken a step away from the stove and out into the middle of the room when he said, “Come on,” and kept walking. Towards the doorway. Away from Dean.
He didn’t want Dean to go to sleep without knowing.
Said it anyway.
back in its case. Baby blue gone slightly green with age, but bright against the dark wood. Which. Wasn’t surprising in and of itself. Cas returning a tape when he was done with it.
Dean said. The words hanging a little uselessly in the air compared to how hard his heart was beating. Even more useless. “Supposed to be Paul Newman Day on TCM or something.”
He didn’t complain when he was sitting on the couch with a beer in one hand and the opening credits of
It didn’t change the fact that he hadn’t really slept. That he’d been too wired, still had too much adrenaline in his system when they got back to the bunker to do anything but lie in his bed, but stare at the ceiling while the rest of the world caught all the z’s he couldn’t hold onto.
Cas never missed anything.
His whole life, he’d associated loss with anger. With pain, and revenge. With emotions so hot they’d long passed red and faded into white. Emotions that cut you and split you and tore you into so many pieces, you’d never be able to put yourself back together the right way ever again.
And Dean’s music, in its purest, rawest form, was made for cassettes and vinyl, and unless Cas intended to sit next to the record player in Dean’s room or lounge on the front seat of the Impala for hours on end, he needed a Walkman.
Cas’ college-kid-sleep-schedule meant he wouldn’t be going to bed for a while, but if it was late enough for Sam to be going to sleep, it meant Dean had waited long enough. Meant if it waited any longer, he might lose his window of opportunity.
Sure, that bed that felt too big sometimes, but Dean guessed he was supposed to be grateful for that, too. That he could fall asleep knowing Cas was here with them, finally. That Cas stayed and called the bunker
sacred?”
It wasn’t until he was out on his usual Tuesday grocery run that the idea hit him. That the proverbial lightbulb flashed bright above his head. Right there in the middle of the cereal aisle.
“What’s
Spent the next two days with that feeling, that self-awareness, that dizzying sense of gratitude heavy in his gut. Not the foggiest clue of how he could possibly show Cas, tell Cas without making a complete asshole of himself.
Some things might have changed since he’d fallen, but it didn’t seem like that sixth sense was going away any time soon.
He walked to his room on nervous legs. Picked his jacket up off his bed, reached into the pocket and curled his right hand around what was waiting for him inside.
Sharper, the pain in Dean’s chest. A dark, aching thing that curled in the spaces between his ribs and squeezed and squeezed and squeezed and sounded so much like
Brought Dean so close to that deep, deep blue, it was almost like he could smell the salt of the ocean in them.
He reached out to turn the song down a click or two. Just enough for his voice to carry across the front bench.
True. But.
“Where else would I be?”
Dean hadn’t heard Cas stand up. If he had, his heart might not have jumped and landed in his throat when he saw Cas’ feet enter the top of his vision. His jaw might not have gone slack when Cas lifted his arm, when Cas took Dean’s hand into his own and curled his palm around the back of it.
Didn’t squeeze, so that he could feel Cas, warm and solid and strong, beneath him. Didn’t let his fingers go long, so that he could feel as much of him as humanly possible. Didn’t swipe his thumb back and forth, so that he could feel Cas shiver.
He turned his head to shoot Cas a bright smile, to hit him with a little charm. To distract Cas from the fact that Dean already knew he was standing there looking like the walking dead and prove that he was fine, that there was nothing to worry about, but Cas’ mouth was already locked into a frown. Crease tight between his brow while he searched Dean’s face for the lie.
“Yeah.”
Dean watched it all the way down. Down the cut of his jaw, the purse and part of his lips, the stretch of his neck, the line of his throat.
Slid his eyes past Cas and gestured aimlessly, stupidly towards the bed. “M’not interrupting anything, am I?”
He wanted to protect the goddamn sea turtles, alright? Sue him.
He couldn’t even say goodnight.
All good things or whatever.
Cas lowered their hands. Rested the back of his against Dean’s thigh, just short of his hip. Dean ducked his head. Trailed his eyes from Cas’ shoulder, to his elbow, to his wrist, to his hand.
He was grateful for the push, and he was grateful to fall. And fall, and fall, and fall.
The point was that Dean had waited over a decade for this moment. He’d waited a lifetime for Cas and Cas had waited eons for him and he was done pretending otherwise.
Without a thought or an ounce of hesitation. Natural as anything.
Because he was dumb and afraid, with a nonexistent filter and a temper like a hairpin trigger.
. Turned it sideways so that Cas could see all the buttons again, could watch as Dean clicked each of them with his thumb. Could listen as Dean talked him through the basics.
wasn’t long enough.
“You’re watching a movie.”
by the Rolling Stones became
Wrapped his arms around Dean’s shoulders and buried his nose in Dean’s neck and just. Held on. Tickled Dean’s skin with the even puff of his breath, the soft fan of his eyelashes that fluttered open and closed, open and closed and sent a fresh wave of goosebumps up Dean’s arms, a shiver up his spine.
“So,” he started. A lazy attempt at casual. A tip of his chin towards the radio when Cas turned his head, when Cas took his temple away from the glass of the passenger side window to look at him. “Classic rock, huh?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas’ voice was still thick with sleep, but his tone was warm. So were his eyes.
Once he was done stocking up for the week, once the back seat was lined with canvas bags and his wallet was a little lighter, he tore out of the parking lot and turned onto a familiar road. Not the one that would lead him back to the bunker, but the one that would lead him two towns over.
The words on his tongue, looser. The storm in his chest, calmer.
Because the coffee in his mug had long passed room temperature, and there wasn’t a single piece of him that thought Cas would mind.
Dean would ask, Cas would answer. Cas would talk, Dean would listen. It was a perfect system.
Dean waited for him to take the headphones off his ears before he said, “Heya, Cas,” and hated the way his voice shook. Hated how uncertain he sounded. How tentative.
Circled his thumb so that it was sitting on top of Dean’s, tapped on his knuckle, once, twice, and tried to say
“Now. Whatever side you wanna listen to, that’s which one goes up.” He held the tape up next to the Walkman, flipped it over with a twist of his wrist, as if to say,
Found it funny, fitting, that that sort of summed up the extent of their problems these days.
“Blueberry.”
Breathe. He just needed to breathe. Needed to relearn how.
If it didn’t help just as much as the music. Maybe even more.
The B-side of Johnny Cash
might be called.
Dean learned that lesson at age four, and had been facing the consequences of it ever since.
“I know,” and he did. Really, he did. “I just-wanted to get you something.”
He slid off the hood before he could choke on it. His heart. His breath. The words that were threatening to crawl their way up, up,
“And you can relate to that.” He’d meant it as a question, but it came out as more of a statement. One he couldn’t bring himself to regret when it made Cas nod. When it made Cas take his hand off his chest and focus his attention back on his plate.
“Let me know what you think,” he said, and gestured with his chin towards the Walkman so that he didn’t have to take his eyes away from Cas’, “when you’re done with it.”
He reached for the radio the moment they were out of the bunker and within range, twisted the dial between his thumb and his pointer finger. Passed over Pink Floyd on the classic rock station, passed over Elvis on oldies and landed on an unfamiliar station with an unfamiliar voice
“Mhm,” Cas hummed. Nodded, too. Tilted his head to one side with it, sighed when the stretch got him a couple good cracks.
Cas, who always took his headphones off for breakfast. Who jumped at the prospect of blueberry pancakes. Who was in the middle of listening to a tape that Dean had played so many times, it should have worn out years ago.
Dean was quick to say, “Nothin’,” because it was.
It wasn’t that he minded. If anything, he. He kinda liked it. A little. Or a lot.
Leaned in even closer. Not quite cheek to cheek, but almost. Almost. So that Dean could hear, too.
hairs that had gone grey at his temple, could count the lines that crinkled at the corners of eyes. Proof of life and loss, and laughter. And a smile.
and more on getting dinner ready and set. Peeled and cut potatoes for homemade French fries, the way that Sam liked. Seasoned and shaped ground beef for burgers, the way that Cas liked.
There they were. Just sitting there, hanging there. Stark naked and bare, out there in the open like that.
“And there are plenty of people that like white bread,” Cas cut in.
Didn’t move. Didn’t let go.
Right?
It would keep saying
Cas, who, again, was sitting at the table in the war room with Sam when Dean poked his head in to ask how many burgers they wanted.
His knuckles were raw, red, and his shoulders were black and blue like all those bruises had come in a matching set with the circles under his eyes, but with every passing moment, every swipe of Cas’ fingertips. Every breath, every beat, he felt less and less broken.
“If it would make you happy to go listen to music on the other side of the world,” he said, “I’d let you take it with you.”
For an angel that fell from heaven and landed in Lebanon, Kansas.
He was already halfway across the room by the time Sam’s muffled laugh hit his back. By the time Sam was calling after him.
“I can’t afford Paris,” Cas stated, with the ghost of a smile pulling at the corner of his lips, “and my Walkman isn’t very useful on the other side of the world if your cassette box is here.”
His head was spinning. Whether it was from the lack of sleep or the phantom smell of fire or the fact that he could actually sort of understand what Cas saw in a stupid, girly, 21st century pop song, he wasn’t sure. Found himself speaking anyway.
He watched Cas’ hands while he stacked three pieces of French toast on each plate. While he picked up the spatula, scooped apples out of the skillet, and put some on top of one stack, and then the other. The way they both liked.
Those days, Cas looked something like content. Maybe even something like happy.
Let the sound of that tinny, out-of-tune guitar blend with Butch and Sundance.
“I-” He hesitated, voice little more than a rasp. “I’ve never been on a train before, I don’t think.”
They stayed like that long after the song was over. Long after the album was over. Through the rest of the movie. Dean’s eyes on the screen, but his focus on the warm weight of Cas at his side. Cas’ breath tickling his neck. Cas’ hair, now dry, against his cheek.
Crinkles firmly set at the corners of his eyes. “Those are my favorite.”
He didn’t curl his hands in the soft fabric of Cas’ t-shirt-
It was naïve, maybe, to think that Cas would stay on classic rock forever. That it would be this, just him and Cas on the couch or on a long stretch of road while they listened to the soundtrack of Dean’s whole life together. Forever.
Cas smiled, and laughed, and ran a hand through Dean’s hair, and said, “Anywhere.”
The shiver that crawled up Dean’s spine was nothing short of electric. Bright-hot. Cas-shaped.
He let a hard breath go, out through his nose. Raised his other hand and held them both up, palms exposed.
Because the shit Cas listened to wasn’t so bad. All the time.
Cas’ face. Flat as ever. “Dean-”
At some point, Cas must have pushed away from the counter, because his front was nearly flush with Dean’s side, chest only a short inch from Dean’s shoulder.
Dean just wanted to show him. Somehow.
Except.
Because as stupid as it was to admit, Dean’s music was a part of him. As much a part of him as hunting was, or watching movies, or pulling Sam’s ass out of the fire time and time again. He was born and bred, raised by rock ‘n roll and the smart part of him knew that not everybody could stick with it the same way he did. That it was natural for Cas’ interests to ebb and flow and change and evolve over time.
, and sure, there were days Dean could tell he was struggling with it. When he slept until noon and still looked like he hadn’t caught a single moment of rest. When the headphones stayed on all day and didn’t come off until dinner, and even then, his voice was quiet, and his eyes were somewhere far away.
Dean had just enough alcohol in his system to cloud his judgement, to loosen his tongue. To lose himself in the rugged lilt of Cas’ voice and put himself out on a limb with a comment about Freddie Mercury that he wasn’t sure would be all that relevant.
It was enough to have Cas’ hands holding onto his shoulders. And Cas’ hair tickling at his temple. And Cas’ heartbeat pressed to his.
Started, before his legs could win the battle between fight and flight and send him running in the other direction.
Dean looked up when he saw Cas’ shadow over by the door, a shadow that stepped into the light and gave way to sleepy eyes, pink mouth a neutral, flat line, but Cas didn’t pay him any mind. Went right over to the cabinet for a clean mug and then to the counter for the coffee pot.
Gave himself no choice but to hold on.
Dean didn’t know what he was going to do if it ever did. He didn’t like to think about it.
“I mean, a little.” Dean leaned his head heavier on his hand, felt his knuckles press harder into his cheek with it. “Said it yourself. You’ve only heard a couple songs.”
“Jack can’t hold the portal open for much longer, Cas. You're gonna have to trust me.” There was the sound of another indistinct conversation from the other side of the schism. “I need you to grab my hand."
Well, not
“I know, Dean.” His voice wavered a bit, emotion threatening to consume him. “I love you, too. I love you more than anything in the universe. I do.” His thumb sweeped lightly over Dean’s cheek, where tears had started to gather. “But you’re not dying.”
The angel stood motionless, eyes wide. He was still missing the picture, apparently. Dean tried to hold back his exasperation.
“I don’t want to.”
Dean shook his head, hopelessly endeared. “Never mind. Just— let’s go find Sam.”
“I’m sorry, Dean."
Dean had settled in, the mattress dipping beneath his weight as he adjusted the blanket on top of him. He was on his back, his arms crossed behind his head with a pillow propping him up slightly. Once he was comfortable, he exhaled in satisfaction.
Castiel took it, and he was yanked out of the oblivion and into the light.
Sam released a shocked laugh, then, without warning, catapulted himself on top of Castiel, his book clattering to the ground. He hugged him tightly, and— even though he could barely breathe— Castiel found himself laughing joyously. He was so indescribably happy to see his friend in this familiar place that felt so much like home. So glad to be far, far away from the Empty.
Castiel looked at Dean sympathetically and squeezed his hand. “Will you tell me about it?”
“I missed you, too,” Castiel said as Sam assisted him into a seated position. “How have you been?”
. “Anyways, Sam, he took it. With his phone, I guess.”
“What?”
It was a selfish choice, really. Saying those words was not mutually beneficial, and Castiel knew that. He knew he would get peace out of his confession, while Dean would get nothing but inner turmoil and endless questions. Questions that would go forever unanswered, or so Castiel had thought. He did it to save Dean, yes, but there was also selfishness in that respect— he didn’t want to live without Dean, so instead, he had forced Dean to live without him.
“Dean, just breathe. You’re alright.” His free hand circled over Dean’s lower back comfortingly. “You were having a nightmare.”
Castiel made it to the location to which he had been summoned in record speed. He could feel his heart hammering inside his chest as he took in the barn and its surroundings. His eyes scanned the premises, anxiously searching.
Sam brought his hand up to his chin, scrubbing over his stubble in an apparent attempt to gather himself.
When he opened his eyes again, it was to an amused expression on Castiel’s face. A small smile and a minute head tilt, as though Dean was an idiot for even worrying about this in the first place. They had practically been living in each other’s pockets ever since he’d returned from the Empty and Dean had told him that his feelings were reciprocated.
He adjusted his head on the pillow beneath it, settling in once and for all. He closed his eyes, and felt sleep pulling at him, tempting and irresistible.
Maybe it wasn’t his place to tell him, but Castiel eventually settled for honesty. This was Sam. His best friend. His brother. He deserved the truth and nothing less.
Dean’s eyes narrowed in disbelief at that statement, his jaw slackening.
Dean could no longer resist.
“I’m... not sure,” came Jack’s voice, “Physically, he’s fine. I think he’s just exhausted from the inter-dimensional travel.” He squinted at Castiel’s wilted form. “And potentially in shock.”
He didn't regret the decision that sent him here, not for a moment, but if he would be here forever, he would afford himself whatever solace he could find.
Dean looked him over, considering.
“I love you,” Dean said again, but this time without the anger. His words were palpably intense and honest. He was determined to get through to him.
If he was being completely honest, he had been searching for him from the moment he had woken up.
He made no move to get closer.
One of Castiel’s hands began to move almost automatically, pushing Dean’s hair off of his forehead in a soothing motion.
A hand he shoved into his pocket when he left the garage and made his way back towards the kitchen. Ignored Cas’ eyes on his back, Sam’s on the side of his face in favor of looking out into the space dead ahead of him. Walked with his head up, shoulders back.
Cas was right there, the same way he always was, but the word on Dean’s tongue was starting to taste less
Dean would’ve been more afraid of sneaking up on him, more careful about scaring him if his boots didn’t smack so heavy, echo hollow against the concrete. If the slight tip of Cas’ head didn’t make it perfectly clear that he knew Dean was there.
Because Cas liked music, and he liked it
He had no idea how it was possible for that look in Cas’ eyes to get softer, but it did. Jesus Christ, it did. Dean had no idea what to do with such rapt attention, such raw affection.
Cas must have recognized the statement as the security blanket it was, because he didn’t call Dean on it.
Earned him a solid push and a huff that quickly dissolved into another laugh.
He was grateful to have Cas around at all. Even if he did have shitty taste in music sometimes.
A dark, black long-sleeve that Dean got a better look at once Cas turned around and walked over towards the table, mug in tow, to sit across from him. A Henley, with all three buttons undone at the top. Showed off the skin that had gone tan, from all the hours he spent up on the roof. Showed off muscle he’d built, solid and natural. His body’s way of learning, of adjusting to life without grace.
“The hell are you doing?” Dean had asked, when he got to the Impala and found Cas there, waiting for him.
There was so much to like about what was going on here.
He couldn’t name the emotion he heard in Cas’ voice the next time he spoke. Wasn’t sure he’d ever heard Cas sound like that in all the time they’d known each other.
Anywhere ended up being an abandoned stretch of farmland a couple miles south of the bunker. Baby parked out in the middle of nowhere, blanketed in hundreds of thousands of millions of stars.
Dean’s breath caught, faltered when Cas reached over him to steal the whiskey glass out of his hand. Felt his entire system shut down and restart with Cas’ back pressed to his chest, a heat gone all too soon as Cas settled back in his seat, still snug along Dean’s side.
“-that one’s
Cas didn’t look at him. Had his eyes on the floor, body already angled in the direction of the door when he whispered, “Goodnight, Dean.” The words barely audible over the sound of the credits.
“Buddy, that’s just an expression. I didn’t mean it literally.” He almost laughed at the way Cas nodded, expression cool and contemplative. Caught it, before it could fall from his lips. “And anyway, the problem’s not whether or not anybody likes it. The
Spent the rest of the day thinking about gratitude. About what Cas had said in the kitchen that morning. Sure as anything.
Dean just. Didn’t get it. Wanted to get it.
He reached out and turned the radio back up. The Eagles, halfway through
Cas deserved to be happy.
Instead of speaking, he pulled the headphones off his ears and let them rest, wrapped around his neck. Fiddled with the Walkman until the volume was all the way up, as high as it could go.
Not until it was already too late.
He did his best to keep his mouth shut. To let Cas fill the silence, to let Cas fill those cracks before Dean could make them worse.
He wanted to say that they were probably holding the hand-me-downs of some popular high school sophomore and that they didn’t need it. That they could find some other, easier, cheaper way for Cas to listen to it, if he really wanted.
Because ever since Cas had fallen, since his grace had finally faded, and he’d fallen and landed and picked most of his pieces up out of the dirt, he was more interested in music than he’d ever been. Had a penchant for classic rock that knocked Dean flat on his ass.
Made Dean wonder, almost distantly, if maybe. Maybe the cracks weren’t so wide. Maybe Cas wasn’t drifting as far away as Dean thought he might be. Maybe expanding didn’t mean drifting at all.
Spoke to try and save himself.
More specifically. He was listening to their first album, the tape Dean bought when he was 24. The tape he bought instead of dinner, and turned up high to drown out the growl of an empty stomach, to kill the silence of an empty passenger seat. The tape he bought when he was young and dumb and alone and Jim Morrison was the only person in the world who could understand him.
Cas had his eyes closed, headphones secure over his ears. A sight that sparked heat in Dean’s chest no matter how familiar it was.
His instinct was to shake his head and tell Cas
could get
That was, until Cas knocked on his door a few hours later, tape in hand. Smile small and bashful while he said, “If I wasn’t so afraid of undermining the integrity of the asterisk system, I would give it three.”
became
“Hey. Did you save me any-”
Was so wrapped up in a hundred different sensations, was so busy trying to remember which way was up that he couldn’t tell you when his eyes had closed. When his lips had parted. When his heart had started to beat a painful, steady tattoo against his ribs.
Because it was then, and only then, only once the credits started rolling that Cas shifted, just slightly. Like he was getting ready to leave.
Dean’s hands buried in Cas’ hair. Cas’ hands pushed up under Dean’s shirt. The moans that started in Dean’s throat and sang their way up when Cas dug his fingers in the skin at the small of his back and traced his tongue over the seam of his lips. The sighs Cas would let out when Dean twisted his fingers in his hair and tugged just the right way. This ragged, breathy sound that he didn’t know Cas could make, didn’t want to live without.
Dean’s smile dropped, which made Sam’s widen. Which made Dean want to strangle him with his bare hands.
“Hey, Dean?” The words were light. Too light. Lit every nerve in Dean’s body with echoes of
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say Cas sounded breathless.
Same way somebody might say the sky is blue, or grass is green. Kept going before Dean could volley back and say
As if Cas didn’t know. As if he didn’t know just how malleable Dean was in his hands, too. How pliant. How easy it was for Dean to follow, to move, to lean when Cas tugged on his sleeve and pulled him back in. Pulled him in close.
All the air had long left his lungs at how they looked together. How much bigger Cas’ hand was. How much thicker his fingers were. Tanner.
“There’s pancakes over in the oven if you want some.”
Cas had already made his pick by the time Dean made it to his room. Stood there with his head up, shoulders back. Self-assured. Confident in his choice as he handed Dean a vinyl copy of the Doobie Brothers.
The music was distant. A faint thing that held on at the edge of Dean’s consciousness. He’d popped that brand-new
All he could do was hang on while a day turned into a week turned into another, turned into another.
No bright-hot, Cas-shaped
. Shook his head a little to emphasize the word. “I just never knew you were a fan. Always had you pegged as more of a bagpipes and church organs kinda guy.”
He still had that same book out in front of him, still had five more off to his left.
When he’d first really gotten into music.
Dean was so focused on keeping his breathing even, on keeping his heart from leaping out of his throat that he almost missed it when Cas lowered his head and let his cheek fall to his shoulder. Temple against the corner of his jaw.
He flexed his hand, curled and uncurled it, tensed and relaxed and left crescent moons where his nails cut into his palm. Nothing like the worn material of Cas’ pants. Not soft, but sharp.
Dean’s nod came natural. A jerk of a movement.
He still wasn’t looking when Cas settled in his chair and took the headphones off his ears, the same way he did every morning. Was busy trying to make sense of fuzzy, unfocused black letters on grey paper when Cas set them down on the table, reached into his pocket for the Walkman, and subsequently gave Dean a good, few seconds to hear what he’d been listening to.
Lather, rinse, and repeat for the other box.
He could finish his sip, and hold the mug up for Cas to take, and focus on the hum coming from his headphones rather than the brush of their fingers, than the wave of ice that crashed over his body when Cas stepped away and over to the side.
He didn’t complain when he realized his cassette box spent more time on Cas’ desk than it did in the Impala. He didn’t complain when the Walkman died for the first time, and Cas knocked on his door at 3AM to ask where they kept new batteries. He didn’t complain when hour-long trips to the record store became two, became three.
He cooked. He drove. He didn’t think. He didn’t complain.
He didn’t have a goddamn clue, but he did have enough sense to be grateful that he still had the empty whiskey glass in his left hand. Was grateful to have something to hold on to. Something to keep him from reaching out, from putting a hand on the side of Cas’ neck and holding him there. Holding Cas still so that Dean could turn his head and lift his chin and touch his lips to Cas’ forehead, or his cheek, or the corner of his mouth.
, he didn’t hear them. He was a little too busy being nine.
“Ariana Grande,” Cas said. Dean didn’t know what it said about him that he already knew that, but he didn’t really care. “It’s a song about growth.”
to sound less like music and more like static. For Dean to remember words like
Cas’ turn to look at him with his head tipped to one side. To say, “What?”
He had one hand on a spatula, ready to flip the French toast over when the time came, and the other wrapped around his coffee mug. Navy blue, speckled white. From a Target in Kansas City, that Cas insisted he buy because he thought it would go well with his robe.
“You willing to take that chance?” he baited, but Cas still didn’t bite. Dean shook his head, huffed a laugh, nudged him again. Did what he did best and tried to deflect. “Come on, Squint Eastwood. Lighten up. Tell me what you’re listening to.”
Like that was exactly where he belonged.
was halfway over.
Dean didn’t say it because he thought Cas was stupid, though, or because he thought he could pull a fast one over on him. He just needed to play it off a little. Needed to make it seem like this wasn’t as big a deal as the voice in the back of his head was trying to make it out to be.
He didn’t find meaning in yellow carpets, or red curtains, or blue wallpaper.
Two and a half minutes of butterflies, chest tight with heavy pressure, throat tight with fear. With words he couldn’t say, and feelings he refused to name.
