Dean pulls out and glittery, tall, blue water bottle. It has a plastic straw and a Starbucks style dome lid. Yeah, Cas is gonna love it. He knows Cas can last a while without food but the boy needs water to live.
“Dean I'll touch him just…. please stop”!  Sam pleads from behind them.
Castiel lays on the floor waiting for Dean to return. He's too scared to move. The door opens again and slams shut. "Up" he hears Dean's order. The young teen pulls himself up onto the bed. Sitting hurts, it hurts so much. He wants to cry again...he feels like such a baby. He hates himself, he hates everything his life has become. When Cas realizes the items in Dean's hands are a first aid kit and a toolbox he panics. He knows from movies that hardware tools can be used to torture people.
Castiel wakes up coughing roughly. His throat feels like sandpaper. The lights are off in the room, but he’s sure there are bruises under his leather collar. His ass hurts, his head hurts, his neck and throat hurt, everything hurts. Why didn't Dean just shoot him? Sam had been shot instead of him. That thought brings Cas to tears. Sam barely knows him and yet he was willing to take a bullet for him. The teen thinks harder, Sam not only took a bullet for him but offered himself up to Dean instead of himself.
Sam watches in a haze of pain, unable to even push his hair out of his face as his brother and lover rapes someone. He watches from the floor as his big brother, the center of his universe, chokes out the fourteen-year-old beneath him to stop the kid from screaming. He watches as his best and only friend chokes the teen until he passes out. He watches as the only love he's ever had continues to rape the now unconscious minor. Never stopping. Never slowing down.
Sam just smiles to himself when the man leaves. He's crushing it's stupid...this could kill him. There is only Dean or death he reminds himself. He begins chanting it in his mind. Dean or death. Death or death. Dean or death. Dean or-
After what feels like a lifetime Dean finally pulls out and hides his cock away in his jeans again. “Let's get that bullet out, ” the elder brother states with confidence as he redoes his belt and pockets his pistol.
Castiel quietly sobs after this for a while before collecting himself. “How do you know my nickname? How do you know anything about me?” the boy questions in confusion.
Cas heaves in a few breaths. "I want to be good for you Daddy." Cas admits among his sniffles.
"I said fuck him! Speed this shit up!" Dean shouts annoyedly.
"If I were an angel I wouldn't have robbed a store, " Gadreel replied, looking down at his food.
"Dean, I don't know what I'm doing." Sam whispers loudly.
“The other guy he said your name!” Castiel exclaims just wanting the hair pulling stop.
Cas starts shaking, so Dean moves around to pin the boy in place on the bed for his brother. Sam stills behind the boy, just staring at the younger pets entrance, his jaw clenched, he looks so tense.
---------------------------------------------------------------
“Oh Cas you know I can’t do that,” Dean says doing his best to keep calm.
“Is this seriously the best you can do?” Dean questions annoyed. Then fists are in grabbing Cas’ hair and forcing more the cock into his throat deeper. Castiel gags through in the nose in panic but Dean doesn't stop. He just keeps going after what feels like forever cum shoots down his throat. Castiel is filled with even more panic. The thought has just hit him, he has no idea if Dean is clean. This sick fucker could have anything. He feels sick.
Dean lets out an angry groan. “What time does visitation start?” he asks voice level but still angry.
When he finally decides he’s done beating Cas, the boy is shaking and crying. He drops his belt on the floor. Dean runs his hand over the boy’s ass admiring his work. He smirks to himself when Cas flinches under the touch. His ass is a deep red there are even a few tears in the skin beautiful pale skin. He pulls lube from his pocket, smearing it over the boy’s entrance. “I really need to start training you with a butt plug,” He notes smugly as he strokes over his cock (not that he needs to, he’s already hard from all the screaming).
Sam tries to argue "Dean the doctors aren't…”
"Sam for fuck sakes just do it!" Dean snaps.
The doctor scanned over the papers in his hand and nods. "Hmmm, maybe tomorrow if you continue to improve.” The doctor wrote on his chart, then left the room.
Cas sits on his bed, knees hugged up to his chest. He's so bored. The teen lets his mind wander, he pretends he's not in this basement. He pretends he's happy and safe. Castiel can't cope with his reality anymore. He daydreams about his parents, his friends and Sam. Swimming in his family's pool, sipping lemonade and cuddling with Sam.
Sammy is quick to get up and scramble to the bathroom to collect the items. When he re-emerges Dean points at the stairs down to the basement. The younger brother begins walking down the stairs followed by Dean, who grabs a gun on the way down, depositing the firearm into his back pocket where Sammy can't see. The brothers stand at the soundproof door and Dean produces the key, unlocking the door. Cas is curled up on the bed hugging his knees to his chest. The boy looks up at them both so pitiful and sad. “Oh what’s the matter baby, did you think you were done for the night?” Dean mocks, making the teen frown even more.
Sam sighs, he knows what he's doing is stupid but he can't help it.  At least the man hasn't brought up Dean. God how Sam's misses his brother. Why did Dean have to lose his shit like that yesterday?
Again both parents were sure Cas didn't mention anything like that.
"Even if they have, we could still try, " he suggests.
He got help from a nurse putting on his street clothes. He took a deep breath.  Finally, he was going home to Dean and Cas. He sat on a bench outside, ready text Dean for a place to meet (since his brother wasn’t allowed near the hospital). Just then a car pulled up, stopping in front of him. Sam snaps his head up from his phone.
"I can if you hold my arm in place and put it back on after," Sam explains calmy.
Cas passes out through the shear excruciating agony and shock.
Sam has to force his eyes not to roll. Dean's libido never stops, it's exhausting sometimes. He loves Dean, he just wishes Dean could be a little less horny. He takes the lube from the glove box and undoes his brother's pants. Sam gets to work at getting his brother off. Sam watches the look of pleasure on Deans face and gives a small smile in response. He loves making Dean feel good, it's relaxing for both of them. It's relaxing for Dean because he feels good and it's relaxing for Sam because it means that Dean is less likely to get angry at him or Castiel. Sam frowns as he thinks of Castiel. He hopes that the kid is okay. Sam snaps himself out of it quickly. He's not like Dean, he shouldn't be thinking about Castiel while doing something sexual. That kid doesn't deserve this at all.
---------------------------------------
The elder brother turns around, "Shut the fuck up! You don't get to tell me to calm down!" He berates loudly. The crowd of people watching the display is growing. Sam catches a glimpse of the social worker from the day before. She has her phone out, recording all of this. Sam grips his bed frame tightly. He wants to snap Mrs. Carter's phone in half. That cunt has no idea what she's doing.
This chapter is short but gets the job done.
Dean keeps doing this until his sweet boy looks like he's about to hurl or pass out. Then he keeps his upper body on the mattress. He pins Cas by the wrists.
Finally, Dean flops down beside his brother. "Go make me my dinner" he orders callously.
"Can you stay?" Cas asked, his voice ever hopeful.
The man shrugs, "I'm Gadreel, " the man tells him offering his hand.
Amelia glances to the side thoughtful. "Do you think the police have questioned his friends? If Cas had a secret boyfriend they'd know" she suggests.
The man frowns, " He’s the reason for that sling?" He asks.
Unfazed, the woman enters his room. "Sam your husband is violent and unstable! I have video proof. That and the photos of your injuries from your medical file. This would hold up in court for sure. I want to help you." She explains lovingly.
"I don't give a fuck what the doctors say!" Dean yells, making Sam flinch. The shouting draws the attention of nurses in the hallway. Sam watches as his brother stands up and turns to the hallway. He points to one of the nurses. "You! Bring me whatever paperwork I need to get Sam out of here!"
Gadreel smiled at Sam. "You're welcome. My treat and I'll be back for lunch. Maybe we can eat together?" He offers softly.
His younger brother removes his hand from his face. He reaches for the lube, his face already swelling. Sam squirts lube onto his hand and begins stroking Cas, his firm strokes eliciting breathy moans from the boy, who reacts quickly, moans turning loader as he gets harder, the head of his cock an angry red. He clenches his fists, clearly distressed at the way his body is reacting to Sam’s skilled touch.
Dean and Sam visit Cas in the basement. This time Dean's not taking no for an answer.
A few months after, things change again. Their dad starts taking trips with Dean. Sam stays with Bobby during these trips. Bobby is one of his Dad's friends from work. Bobby is nice but Sam is lonely.
Dean deposits the glittered water bottle back into the chest in the closet before making his way to the kitchen. Whatever Sam made smells good. Dean smiles when he finds Sam sitting at the kitchen table. The table is set for two and Sam hasn’t touched his food or beer yet. At least one of his pets knows respect. Dean sits down, looking at his plate steak and eggs. When Dean pops his beer and begins eating is when Sam knows he has permission. “I’m happy to see at least one you know not to piss me off today,” Dean states taking a sip from his beer.
Soon the cement floor is clean again, and so are Cas' teeth. The eldest in the room slams the heavy metal door, making both the boys on the floor jump and stare up at him in fear. Both boys shaking with uncertainty, watching Dean as he walks over to sit on the bed. “I want you two to kiss, ” Dean states calmly as the mattress dips underneath him.
"Okay," Sam replied. Oh yeah, that's not gonna happen, he thinks as he pockets the note. He knows it's not gonna happen. He would be dead if Dean caught him!
Castiel sits up more crawling over between Dean's legs. He takes the older man’s cock into his hand and gulps. He has no clue what he's doing. He's seen porn but he's never done anything more than kissing. He looks up at Dean the older man looks impatient. Cas is gonna have to get this started. He opened his mouth and carefully takes the head into his mouth, being sure his teeth don't touch it. He doesn't take more than just the head into his mouth. It's clumsy and sloppy but he's doing his best out of fear.
The man on the front porch offers her his hand, "Arthur Ketch, freelance private investigator at your service ma’am," He greets them. He’s handsome and has a clipped accent and impressive demeanour. Cas’s parents feel hope for the first time since he disappeared.
Sam fights with himself on whether or not he should give up. The younger brother tries again pulling himself from the floor stumbling to the bed. He stands in front of the bed dizzy and wobbling, “I know how to please you, so let me! Don't bother with Castiel. He doesn't know how to please you, ” Sam insists, trying to spare the teen. Dean just pistol whips him and knocks him to the floor.
"Online stalking is becoming far too common," Ketch announces quickly, jotting down the username. "I'm going to try hacking into the account, then we’ll see who he was talking to.” He assures them.
Sam winced. "I didn't want to bother you at work Dean. You work so hard so Cas and I don't have to. I didn't want to get in your way. Now that you're home, all I want is to make you feel good," he rambled fearfully. Sam reached for his brother's belt with his working hand. "Let me make you feel good," he pleads.
Once upstairs he gets his phone from where he left it in his jacket pocket. He presses Sam’s name on his contacts, he wants to know when he’s getting out. Dean supports the phone with his shoulder on his way to the kitchen. He looks at the mess, the broken chair and coffee pot. He’s gonna have to stop for coffee on his way to the hospital. He already told Bobby he needs the day off.
“It's just like jerking off, ” Dean states, guessing Cas wasn't sure what to do. Castiel looks away from him seeming to stare far off before his hand begins to move. Sammy looks tense his fists clenched, Dean realizes he's trying not to enjoy. Dean licks his lips, “Cas focus around just below the head. He loves that,”
One day things change. Sammy finally decides to ask Dee about what their Dad has been doing. He asks his brother about the noises at night and why dad hurts Dean. That was the only time Sam ever saw his brother cry. Dean explained that their dad is hurting, that he's been hurting since their mom died. What Dean does is the only thing that can help. Sammy asks what that thing is, and that's when Dean gives his little brother the talk. Sam doesn't understand why their dad needs to have sex with Dean. It doesn't seem normal. But Sam lets it go. Sam is however worried that his dad will want to have sex with him as well. Dean assures his little brother that he will keep him safe. Sam will never be harmed by their Daddy, Dean will make sure of that!
"Well most people, especially kids, are abducted by people they know. Do either of you know anyone who owns a car like that?" Ketch asks curiously.
Sam's has time in the hospital. Dean has time alone with Castiel.
His parents… Cas had been avoiding thinking about them. Maybe they'll find him? No, Sam said they weren't looking for him. Sam is a good person, he has no reason to lie. His parents won't come for him. Sam is his really his only hope.
"N...n-n…no…d-daddy? " The boy answers and Dean lets go of his throat.
"How many times do I have to tell you to keep your stupid, fucking mouth shut!"
Happy Holidays to everyone whatever you celebrate this time of year. If you celebrate nothing I hope you have a happy winter or summer depending on where you live. <3
“Good boy,” he says with a sly smile. Oh, one day Cas will love calling him Daddy, it’ll just take time. He gives Castiel his breakfast. The boy hungrily devours the toast followed by chugging his water. “I’m going to the hospital to see Sammy,” Dean tells him.
Dean forces the boy onto all fours with his ass up. Cas just sobs into the mattress hard. He climbs on the bed behind the teen, rubbing lube onto the boy's hole. Castiel knows better than to fight back by now. Dean undoes his belt,  forcing his rock hard cock into the boy's ass. His nails were clawing painfully at the boy's hips.
No, he'll end up dead if he does leave. Dean would hunt him down and kill him. Probably even string him like a dead deer and gut him. The whole works. "Get the fuck out!" Sam cries.
Dean drops his items on the floor. The loud thud of heavy metal hitting the cement makes Cas jump. "Lay back" Dean instructed.
"You didn't just cum did you?" Dean questions, glancing to where his crowbar is.
There's a loud bang of metal hitting metal, the crowbar meeting the bed frame, followed by a terrified shriek from Cas and causing Sam to flinch. The teen starts crying loudly out of panic and fear.
“Look, Cas,” he said in a broken whisper. His hand twitched by his side, fingers waving vaguely at a spot over his head and to the right. “That one looks like a wendigo, dontcha think? Or a wraith, but maybe the teeth are wrong.”
Dean jumped off the corner of the desk, brushed non-existent dust off the back of his jeans. “Sounds like a pretty awesome job, man,” he said easily. “Get to be your own boss, save your knees and back.” He laughed, just a short chuckle, then turned and looked Castiel in the eye. He still wore his half-snarky little grin, but there was something…else in his eyes. “Still, a little lonely, maybe. Get out much? Hobbies? Clubs?”
“Did you see that, Dean?”
Dean shrugged, smile turning into a grin. “Never. I got the line from MST3K.”
should be in a Heaven of your own design, a place and situation that brings you greatest happiness.” His mouth twists in something like a smile, but it’s crooked and small. “On the road, perhaps, in your ‘Baby.’”
Dean came up behind and put his arms around Castiel's waist. He was careful, these days, not to stray into forbidden territory, forbidden not by discussion or explanation, but by flinching and recoiling: the shudder of reluctant flesh. Castiel hated pushing Dean away, especially in such a stupid, passive-aggressive way, but there was no remedy, no way to allow him to touch those places Castiel found so strange and ugly and alien.
mood,” he said quickly. “It's more that you're in an
Dean inhales. He thinks back, to before the light. It is surprisingly difficult, like trying to remember the creation of the earth.
Dean swallowed, overwhelmed. “Yeah, Cas, 'course we are,” he croaked.
“Oof, you lied, dude—this is heavy as fuck.”
was pretty heavy-duty BDSM. Castiel’s stomach released its knot and filled itself with light, fluttering things.
Dean’s eyebrows flew up. “Is that a challenge, Mr., uh, Nerdy Translator Guy?”
Castiel groaned. “I
. He felt the tightness in his body loosen, the hard places inside him go softer. Fifteen years and more they had been together, and Dean was still beautiful, so beautiful that Castiel had sometimes felt jealous of him, raised as he had been in a world that taught that women should be more physically attractive than men. But now, as he gazed at the slightly bent nose, the humorous curve of the full lips, the absurdly long lashes, at the perfect planes and curves of that beloved face, all he could feel was gratitude and love.
“No, no. No bed rest. Yet. Though I suspect it will be required in the future...”
know. I just have faith that it'll all work out for the best.” He turned his head so he could look at Dean, who looked back, green eyes connecting with blue. “Think you can have a little faith too?”
“What about Gabe?” Jess asked. “Will he be reinstated?”
His cock, which is also dribbling precome, is just barely touching Dean's hole. He's leaned over Dean, his hands braced on Dean's wrists, apparently holding him down, but he's not doing it on purpose.
There was a metal cart sitting in the hall across from the elevator, so once it was opened he wheeled the thing into the space ahead of him. He wasn't sure how big the jar of pickles was, and he didn't want to work any harder than he had to, so the cart would come in handy. Once inside, he pushed the button for the doors to close, then the next button had the elevator whirring to life and carrying him down to the next level.
“Are you sure?” Dean was still uneasy about it. Why the hell had that thing suddenly appeared? And right when he was wishing he could bathe!
, Alistair,” Cas gritted out. If this kept up much longer he was gonna need dentures from having clenched his teeth into dust. Cas took a deep, steadying breath to calm his nerves. If he was gonna get the man back to their apartment so they could talk privately, he was gonna need to cool it down. “Why don't we go back to our place, so we can talk?” Cas suggested.
Charlie smiled at Dean and said, “You seem more like the
?!” Cas stammered as his mind became foggy once more and his vision began to fade.
Cas reached over and smiled fondly as he swept a few errant strands of hair from Dean's brow, which was furrowed as if in consternation. At least he was safe and well, just like Alfie had told him. Dean, his mate, his Omega, was sleeping soundly next to him and all was right with the word once more. While Dean slept, Cas took the opportunity to asses his mate's well-being, just to be sure he didn't befall any harm during the time they were apart.
“AYE!” The Omegas and Alphas all agreed.
. Before either of them realized what they were doing they had each other in their arms, scenting deeply at each other's throats and nosing at the mating marks they'd left on one another.
Dean threw his hands up and rolled his eyes as he walked back to the other side of the room. Whatever. Let them discuss what they were gonna discuss and then they could get back to him when they'd made a decision.
Dean reached up to Cas's hand, still resting on his shoulder reassuringly, and gave a small squeeze for comfort. Cas squeezed back before letting his hand fall and taking a step back to give Dean some room to move, while still remaining within reach.
“Let him speak!” the lead Alpha commanded.
“And what's it do?”
Also, I feel I should mention that I will not be able to get any photos of the Alpha, Beta and Omega uniforms for you guys. As I mentioned before, it was my father who had agreed to draw the pictures for me, but he's a bit too busy now with his new job. I apologize for any disappointments this may cause.
– would be able to do this after all.
“Meg? Who's Me-”
Everyone nodded in agreement. They all fell into silence for a moment, contemplating what-might-have-been and appreciating what
for what he'd done to Alistair and he was worried about what kind of severity he'd be in for. He was pretty sure murder was a serious offense no matter what kind of society they were now a part of. But as nervous as he was, the comfort that Cas provided him grounded him and made it possible for the Omega to stand there and accept whatever judgment would come his way.
“Alright,” Dean swallowed a lump of nerves that had suddenly formed in his throat. “So, I take it I'm s'posed to be the mechanic?”
“B-but,” stuttered Dean, trying to wrap his head around this new knowledge, “then what would happen if- so I mean...”
“Castiel. Right. Strange name,” she said nodding. “Well, I'm Meg, by the way.”
sorry we are for how badly this went. But we had very little time to plan, and, all things considered, this
“Dean, please calm down,” Donna pleaded.
like a bed – one that was sunk into the floor, instead of raised like a conventional bed. It was about the same area as a queen-sized mattress, and upon further inspection, the long cylinder appeared to be a large pillow. Large enough for two. It was certainly squishy like a pillow. Just as squishy as the rest of the area.
“Yes, I'm sure,” Charlie answered sardonically, but she still smiled at the Alpha as she turned and opened the door. Her exit was impeded, however, by an unexpected guest in the hallway, blocking her path.
Finally, Stranger withdrew, giving another command to the invisible force restraining Dean. “On the bed.”
all at once!
Everyone turned towards the source of the new voice and saw Jody and Benny standing in the doorway. It was Jody who had spoken.
Dean sighed, “Yeah, you're right.”
“Yeah, well, we're gonna need to speak with him.”
Dean threw the man a belligerent look and Cas's barely-contained laughter bubbled to the surface. “It's not funny, Cas!” Of course, the other man just laughed harder.
Dean was panting and sweaty. The places where Cas's body came in contact with his were on fire. He rolled over to face the other man, causing Cas's arm to fall from his side, his breathing loud in his own ears. As he shifted, a wetness gushed from his backside, wetting his buttocks and thighs. “Cas...” Dean called. Cas was still sleeping, but his breathing was just as ragged as Dean's, maybe even a little worse. When he didn't rouse at Dean's first call, Dean shouted louder, this time shaking the man by the shoulder. “Cas!”
He swiped up the flathead screwdriver and raced back down the aisles to the mystery tile. Once there, Dean crouched down once again and wedged beneath the tile and tried to pry it up. But it wouldn't budge. Refusing to give up, he tried the opposite side, and with very little effort, it popped right up, swinging open on a well-oiled hinge.
“A few
It took him a moment but it finally dawned on him. “Jody, no. Come on!”
Eventually though, and very reluctantly, they had to break apart. Cas was the first to pull away, eliciting a disgruntled groan from his mate. “I really think we should be going,” he rationalized to his grumpy Omega. “I'm sure they'll be needing this space for another patient soon.”
, they were suddenly very aware of their state of undress.
“Your mate's fine.”
“No. Not that I know of. I just...”
something, anything. Ruby looked equally as pissed off, neither of them spoke and both of them expected vengeance for the death of their beloved mate.
On the television, the still picture jumped to life, and Dean's deep voice resonated through Conference Room J. “
“But it's possible?”
committed suicide. He just couldn't have! And Anna stepping down, seemingly on the same day? No. NO! It all seemed just a bit too contrived. Too much of a coincidence. He had to expose those Alphas for what they were and he had to do it fast!
His answer came in the form of about a dozen or so mounds that suddenly appeared on each of the newly-formed platforms. They rose out of the milky white surfaces, seemingly made of the same material, but then the glossy whiteness fell away to reveal heaps and heaps of food piled onto silver platters.
for this?
better off without him. Ya hear?”
“Yeah, I should be fine.”
“Alfie... No!” Cas pressed himself further into the wall. Maybe if he was strong enough he could resist the pull when their captors decided to force him onto Alfie, the same as when they forced him to mount Dean during their first encounter.
“Uh, well...” he stalled as if looking for the best way to phrase what needed to be said. “It's um, you have a, uh, request... for an audience?”
"I.. don't know."
“Alright...” Benny said slowly, trying to gather his thoughts. “Gabriel's dead?”
!” Suddenly seeming to realize that he could actually get up, Dean did just that. He snatched the towel from his pants and used to angrily swipe at the cooled goop on his stomach, then yanked his pants up and his shirt down before hopping off of the bed.
“But... but you're Omegas! How could you want something like this to happen to you
I asked for this?” Dean asked, a deep frown marring his features. “How the hell could I have
Alfie!”
the speaker threw his arms out wide, “
this!” He heaved a heavy sigh, dropping his head back and closing his eyes as he took in a few calming breaths. When he had calmed down enough, he got back to work.
“Alright then. How 'bout we start with some basics?”
“Hm.” Cas wrinkled his nose at the black and vibrant ruby red that was to be his new uniform. He handed Dean his green and teal uniform as another package fell from between their clothes.
They each nodded at the Beta. Lilith and Ruby crossed their arms in impatience and indignation; Adam looked nervous and ready to bolt; Bela looked as if she wanted to throttle Lilith; and Meg seemed purely bored with the whole affair, leaning against a wall and apparently chewing a piece of gum. Where the hell did she get gum?
are your options, as limited as they are.”
As she watched the video feed, Benny, who had finally gotten the blare of alarms to cease, joined her in viewing the scene before them. While their attention was otherwise occupied, Dean decided to inch a bit closer, hoping to get a glimpse of whatever was so interesting.
The worst, absolutely
Jody followed him without question, though she was still quite curious. They walked in silence for a minute or two, then Jody suddenly paused and opened a random door to her right, just to see what was inside. It was a bedroom, sparse yet functional. There was a twin sized bed on a metal frame, a desk with a wooden chair and a single, empty shelf on the wall above the desk, large enough to fit maybe 6 books and a few knick-knacks. Jody stepped back and closed the door, then looked at Benny, one eyebrow raised in question.
“I mean...” Cas trailed off, gesturing towards Dean's lower half.
“Good,” Jody nodded her approval. “So, should we get started?”
, just a little
him sleep.
Thank you all for sticking with me all this time. It's been nearly three years since I started this and it's been wonderful and terrible, full of starts and seemingly-endless stops. I've gone through periods where I didn't write for months, but I refused to give up. I loved every single comment and praise and even the complaints and criticisms have been welcome (even if they were a bit hurtful atm).
“No, no, that's not it at all!” Charlie said, trying to placate. “The thing is... I mean, the whole
“No troubles,” Hector said, taking the offered hand. “Think you can find your way out?”
“So what do you think?” Jody asked Benny once the pair were out of earshot. She spoke quietly, seeing as there was still a chance of being heard by others.
now?”
?! I would have had to mate with
Charlie's laughter seemed to calm Dean a bit. Dean even found himself stifling his own grin, though he did uncross his arms. The Beta's amusement was contagious, damn her!
He didn't want to admit it, but it did feel
“Well...” Donna pressed one of the buttons on the keyboard below the monitor to freeze the image on the screen, then she put the wand down and turned the monitor around, angling it so that all three of them could view it at once. “why dontchya take a look at your pups?”
Dean nodded. Even though he'd just woken up, a nap sounded like an awesome plan. He took a deep breath, inhaling his mate's oak and cinnamon scent, and quickly drifted off to sleep, feeling safe and comforted in his mate's arms.
“Dean!” Cas jumped up and moved to help his mate before he fell and hurt himself, or possibly their pups.
Jody sighed and said, “The Alpha Councilmen have been planning a takeover.”
” Dean leaned back as he gave the go-ahead, leaving just one arm stretched out on the table, while the other elbow was hooked over the back of his chair. “
“Stop... talking!” Dean grinds out between stifling his own groans. He tries not to pay attention to what's happening to him. He wants to find a happy place, but this room is all he knows. He still doesn't remember anything from before he woke up. So all he can do is stare at the ceiling while Cas pounds into him over, and over. The other man has thankfully dropped his head to Dean's shoulder, so at least he doesn't have to look the guy in the eyes and see that painful plea for forgiveness.
Cas chuckled at the attempted display of dominance from his mate. He quickly regained the upper hand, however, as he swiftly removed the Omegas hands from his rear, pressed the man against the shower wall and forced his hands above his head, pinning them there. One of the Alpha's thighs slotted between Dean's, causing it to rub up against his straining cock. The pinned Omega fought back for a moment but quickly relented control once again.
“Cas...”
Dean immediately started to shift closer to his Alpha, but hissed as his shoulder flared in pain.
Without even thinking about it –
to have their mind tinkered with, do they? And since he's this heavily involved there's a much greater chance he'll keep his trap shut, and we can keep a better eye on him if he's working closely with us.”
sorry you were assigned a unit so close to his. I mean I just can't believe-”
“Cas! What the hell?!”
“I hope you're right.” Dean snuggled further into Cas's side as they fell into silence once more, awaiting the judgment from the Councilmen.
“Hey, let's get outta here,” Dean said to his mate. He really didn't want to be in the same room as Benny or Jody at the moment. As much as he liked them, he just couldn't even look at them at the moment.
Benny felt like he was going to be sick. They had
~*~*~*~
Once that was done, he just needed to clean up the liquid and he'd be done. He grabbed the mop and used the little reservoir on the wheeled bucket to squeeze out most of the water, then slapped it down on the floor, soaking up the pickle juice. Once it was sopping wet once more, he repeated the process.
“What?!”
“Yeah. But they'll come around. Everything really did turn out for the best,” Jody explained. “Abby and Uriel are finally out of commission, and we're gonna get rid of Gordon and Amara next. Everything is looking up now. They may not be able to see it right now, but they will.”
“Or the fact that even if I
The pair found a couple of seats together and sat quietly for a while. Dean looked around, noticing all of the other patients who were waiting their turn to be called. There were Omegas, many of them being accompanied by their Alphas, and even a pair of Betas in one corner, talking amongst themselves. The one thing they all had in common were the pups.
As soon as the Alpha's hand touched his trembling shoulder, Dean jumped up with a start. He scrabbled away from Cas, away from his touch, to the other end of the bed. He nearly fell off of the other side in his attempt to escape. His breathing was fast and labored, his eyes were wide and wild with fear and surprise as he stared up at his mate, but not really seeing him.
“I know,” Jody said, “and we're sorry, but-”
“Uh, rattling or knocking noises; if the vehicle is stuttering or jerky; or if the vehicle just isn't getting enough power and is running sluggishly.”
Cas finished pulling on his own clothes and slowly made his way over to the other man's side. Dean finally pulled his shirt on over his head, the wide collar showcasing his still-healing mating bite and the fresh bruises his mate gave him the night before. The Alpha encircled his Omega in his arms and drew him close, pulling him in and nosing against the mark he'd given him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well,” Donna started, “when I headed to the kitchen to check on everyone I heard shouting. I couldn't understand what they were saying, but by the time I got there they had quieted down and everyone was glaring at Amy. And wouldn't ya know, that ornery Alpha looked as smug as the cat who got the cream.”
?! Also, what the hell do you mean by 'multiples'?!”
First off, Cas looked sexy as hell in his outfit. It fit in all the right ways, highlighting his ass, best of all. The red shirt had a black collar that framed his neck in the most delectable way, making Dean want to take another bite. There was also an upturned crescent of black fabric stretched out on each of his sides, accentuating his hips, and at the same time, making his rippling pectorals stand out. The straight-legged, black slacks had a single red stripe running down each leg, making them look impossibly longer. Cas's whole getup made him look like sex on a stick.
“An Alpha by the name of Alistair. An Omega killed him. Named...” he paused for a moment to think, “Dean, I think.”
When Sam woke up, he immediately checked on each of his mates, paying special attention to Jess. The feisty Omega had to shoo her mate and bondmates away when their hovering began to grate on her (though she secretly loved it). Gabriel cursed Jody and Benny under his breath for nearly causing him to lose this. His family. The happiness he'd found after the disaster of a mating he'd had with Zach and his bondmate Kip.
“That's quite impressive,” Cas commented.
, another Alpha when they're supposed to be mating with the only available Omega. It's a territorial thing.”
“You see anything?” Dean asked.
“What?”
Cas was stunned for a moment before he spoke up. “That is absolute bullshit! Why the hell would they do that to you?”
Before Benny could tell her to just give it a moment, a low rumbling could be felt beneath their feet. Benny took a step away from the wall of booze and assorted snacks just as a fissure opened up. The mirror and shelving behind the bar parted as a thin, vertical line quickly widened and opened up to reveal a cement staircase and cinder block walls leading down. When the passageway was fully opened, the ceiling lit up and illuminated the darkness within.
wanna bite
Castiel will be accompanying us.”
“Yes. I figured there was some sort of biological need that Omegas have to comfort children, but then you didn't seem to be as... distressed as the others.” Cas frowned slightly as he seemed to think about that for a moment.
“Well, in light of all the evidence...” Jody began as she and Benny spoke together, one at a time.
You still reading?
!” Dean said with a chuckle. Behind Charlie, Cas was grinning slightly at the Beta female's concern. Dean met Cas's eyes for a moment while Charlie heeded Dean's advice and took a few breaths. “I'm
Cas frowned in confusion and concern. “You... you pushed me, Dean. Remember?” Dean simply shook his head. “Dean... you pushed me when I tried to stop you.”
“It... doesn't
“Heya, guys. Didn't see ya there,” Donna greeted uncomfortably.
have happened in the short amount of time that's passed since the last meeting?
“Okay then,” she had grabbed a crisp, white towel from one of the cabinets lining the walls while Dean was getting situated. She placed it over his crotch saying, “This is just so none of the jelly gets on your pants,” she said as she positioned it. “Now, if it's okay with you, I'm gonna just tuck this guy right along the hem of your pants, just to make sure it stays where it's supposed ta.”
“He was,” Meg answered simply, nodding.
“Just something about him you don't like, but you can't put your finger on it?” Meg offered.
on the up-and-up.” She nodded her head dramatically to add to the effect.
going through the same thing. Omegas were kept safe and well until their Alphas returned to them. But it seemed like he was never going to return to his mate until he complied with the order to 'mate' with Alfie.
They both heard Dean coming back up the stairs at the same moment, and that was the end of the conversation, much to Castiel's dismay. Just when it was getting
. The desultory creaks and groans meant nothing in an old building like this, but was that water running upstairs? Again? It was too loud for the sink this time, the pitch too low.
“You know, Cas,” Dean said lazily, stroking Castiel’s stomach, fingers whispering across his hipbones, down his thighs, “you have a really pretty cock.”
Dean looks down again, at his hand over Castiel’s coat, over his heart. “I know — I mean, I
Dean turned back at the door to the hall with a wink and a half-smile. “That's my girl,” he said, and was gone.
“I don’t know where we are. We are not in Hell, nor Purgatory…” His voice falters.
"You only got community services for that?" There's disbelief in Sam's voice when he asks.
Sam scoffs, "Please, don't get involved with my domestic life.”
"It’s not fucking rocket science, it's sex, it's not that fucking hard. Maybe you need some motivation." Dean suggests, picking up his crowbar and holding it out to his brother, tracing the item over the younger brothers sling. He follows a line up to Sam's injured shoulder, glaring ice daggers into his little brother's soul. "How long was your surgery Sammy? A few hours at least, right? I'm not afraid to fuck all that up. You belong to me and I can do anything I want to you".
Dean finally let's go him and Cas pulls off the cock turns his head. He proceeds to vomit pile and mixed with Dean’s seed onto the floor. He feels so weak. “You did that on purpose!” Dean shouts and Cas flinches.
“Good morning Dee,” Sam replies, having relaxed again.
Sam leans against the headboard naked. He had every intention of just closing his eyes and imagining Dean's mouth on him. He shouldn't think of anyone else that way. He belongs to Dean. Every cell in his body, hair on his head, every last part of him. But especially that, he thinks as he watches Cas flush completely, lean towards his crotch on all fours.
That's the same night Sam loses his virginity to his older brother. The cycle of abuse repeats itself.
That's when he finally removes the cloth and undoes the gag. Castiel is soaked and shaking, his eyes wide with fear. He looks like a little bunny ready for the slaughter. "Welcome back princess," Dean cooed, shoving Cas off the bed and dragging him up by the chain. Cas whimpers and sobs.
"Dean!  Calm down!  You’re going to end up arrested!" Sam pleads, his panic setting in.
He hears Cas curse under his breath. He’s probably regretting making anything of his stuff public, it doesn’t matter. His mistake is one of the best things to ever happen to Dean. Right up there with the taking his brother’s virginity.
When the blaze died down, Sam returned inside. He headed downstairs to check on Cas. When the man reached the door he paused, holding his breath. He had no clue what the hell he'd find inside. Sam pushed down his fears and opened the door.
That night everything of their Dad's is moved into boxes into Sam's room and Sam's belongings are moved into their Dad's room.
Amelia slumps forward in sorrow. "I'm willing to try anything if it means getting our son back, I just need my baby back Jimmy. Get him back for me...please, I can’t bear it”. Jimmy nods and holds his hand out to his wife as he gets up from the bench. “Come on Amelia...lets go home. I’ll start looking online for that PI. It’s time we got our boy back!” Amelia nods and quickly gets up, the couple walks briskly home holding hands. Now united more than ever in their determination to find their son. Whoever has him had better watch out! “Hold on Cas baby, we’re coming for you”, Amelia whispers as she hurries on with her husband.
Dean laughed, tipping his head back, showing the long line of his throat, and
Dean shrugs. “Who knows?”
“Cas?”
His discomfort with his body was still strong, but with his new haircut and clothes, he found he could look in the mirror now without wincing or feeling depressed and sick. He began seeing past the gentler curves to the man underneath; his high cheekbones, his strong chin and nose – features he'd always thought of before as keeping him from being truly pretty – were now reasons to rejoice.
Castiel bit back a laugh and narrowed his eyes into his best dubious squint. “Yes.”
“Sorry, neither.”
Castiel winced on “handmaiden,” though he knew Dean had played that role in the past, sat down hurriedly, and handed Charlie a menu to hide his discomfort. “Lunch or brunch?” he asked.
Then something rises up in Dean, a memory, sudden and bright and painful. He feels grief and shame rising with it, even here wrapped around Castiel like it was what he was created for.
Dean let out an explosive, almost obscene sigh. “Oh, yeah. Better 'n chocolate,” he murmured.
“I don't know how to describe it, Charlie, but everything is different now. Not just me, and not just how I see my gender, but everything. The world seems new and interesting, and what's amazing is that I'm not afraid of it.”
someone happy – all you can do is be wonderful and loving and perfect and hope the other person has the strength to meet you halfway.” He leaned in and up, touching his forehead to Dean's. “It's not your fault if they can't, you know,” he murmured. “There are so many things beyond your control, love; you can't save
Dean waved his arm. “Those boxes, behind the bed. We need to move them into
Castiel was so relieved by Dean's reaction to his hair that he didn't even twitch at “girls.” He grinned. “Oh, yes. We had lunch and went shopping, and then, uh, she convinced me to get a new haircut.”
Sam prodded the edges of the cut, pursing his lips. “Well, you don’t need stitches at least,” he muttered as he dabbed hydrogen peroxide on the wound and applied butterfly bandages to keep it closed. Dean didn’t flinch. He didn’t feel it.
Castiel paused on the stair and shifted his grip on the dresser. “I apologize,” he panted. “It didn’t seem as heavy when Hannah and I put it in the basement.”
Dean put the bottle on the table in front of Castiel, then grabbed the battered paper bag Benny had brought up off the counter. “Nah, don't bother. You can have some of my Coke.” He handed Castiel the can after wiping the top off with his t-shirt and popping the tab. Castiel tried not to stare at the sliver of skin this maneuver revealed, nor at the elastic of the underwear peeking over the waistband of his uniform pants. “It's not real cold, though. Sorry.”
“Oh, right! Charlie . . . how is my little sister? You two girls have a good time?”
when he
Castiel had worn his hair long most of his life. As a child, youngest in a strictly religious household, the question of long vs. short hair hadn't
Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Dean shoot him an indecipherable look. “
Castiel glanced back at the man carrying a box full of his pots and pans and trying to look casual about it. “I'm sorry,” Castiel said, not looking directly at those mossy green eyes. He didn't want to fall and break his neck stumbling over himself. “I enjoy being on the top floor.”
“Hello, Amelia,” Castiel said. He held out the gift bag. “For you, Sam. Happy birthday.”
“Now?”
“I don't wear the binder at home,” Castiel confessed, “only when I'm out. Alone. Where I'm not likely to run into anyone I know.” He sighed. “I know it's cowardly of me . . .”
when he and
this time they’d burned the body.
Benny barked a short laugh. “I can believe that. Our Dean was a bit of a scrapper in his younger days.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, though he actually doesn’t find the situation frustrating. It’s just a thing he can’t figure out, so he shunts it away and forgets about it.
Not just the transient delight that comes with a pleasant surprise or a passing experience, but general, pervasive, day-to-day contentment.
, and shit, I must've really sucked at it, 'cause you're happy
He attempted to grab Cas around the waist, but Cas beat him to the punch, was on his feet and pulling Dean up beside him with surprising and wiry strength. He threw his arms around Dean's neck and kissed him fiercely, lips and tongue almost desperate in their enthusiasm. It was a question, a plea. When they broke apart, both breathing heavily, Dean looked into those wide blue eyes and smiled. “Yes, Cas. Yes.”
“You still haven't answered my question,” Castiel pointed out sternly, poking a finger into Dean's chest. “What do you
Castiel nods. “She will sleep for some time,” he says.
’im.” He stopped and sucked in a shaky breath. “And I never…I never…”
Dean’s foot hits something soft. He looks down. “Oh, hey. So, who’s Angry Spice here?”
They don’t have to eat here, or drink or piss or shit. They do not sleep or rest, hardly pause for breath before they find each other again, hands and mouths devouring each other. There is no hunger but the hunger of their desire, no pain but what they inflict on each other, accidentally or not.
“It’s okay, Cas. It took a while for you to beam in, too. Maybe it will come back, whatever it is.”
Castiel cocked his head to one side. “You do, too, Charlie,” he chided. “Remember when you hacked into Arch Coal and 'donated' ten thousand dollars of their money to the Nature Conservancy?”
, as if made for another species. The men's sections, on the other hand, were starting to look more like home. He found himself wondering if he should do pleats or plain fronts or if those smart shoes came in a size small enough for his feet. He began to look longingly at ties and jackets.
Dean laughed and palmed the steering wheel over. Castiel settled into his seat and angled his body so he could look at his husband's profile . . . just
“Hard to forget at this juncture,” Castiel grunted as they started up the last few steps. Dean snorted, but said nothing.
Castiel cocked his head to one side. “Do you have other plans?” he asked.
Dean can feel Castiel beside him, can see his shape in his peripheral vision. He doesn’t turn to look, but he finds the angel’s proximity to be strangely comfortable, even comforting. Dean notices that they are walking in step. He thinks he should find that odd, but he doesn’t.
Castiel wanted to believe it,
– everything would be all right after all.
Charlie stared at him for a long moment, then nodded. “You know, I can see that. You
Dean laughed, slipping his hand out of Castiel's to wrap it around his waist and steering him towards the restaurant's entrance. “Okay, okay. I give. You win. Truce?”
, just as the other man's shirt read
“Sam?”
“Charlie? It's Castiel.”
Castiel turned away abruptly and stared out the window, ambushed once again by his insecurities. All the questions he's asked himself for the last month or more started crashing their way through his head: How could this happen? What did it mean? Why now? And perhaps most importantly, how could he do this to Dean?
Footsteps behind him. “Who?” Dean began. “Wait –” Castiel clenched his teeth, the butterflies gone riot.
Castiel pushed the money back at Dean. “Dean, I’m paying. You’ve already done enough for me today, and off the clock, too.”
He turns back to them and breaks into another dimpled grin. “I’m going to grab us some beers, and you’re going to tell me everything.” He pauses, and his cheeks go pink. “Okay, maybe not
,” Castiel all but wailed.
“Then I said, ‘What was I
Castiel rubbed his face again.
Cas was
going well, it really is.” He ran a hand across his jaw in unconscious imitation of Dean. “I don't know how to describe it, Charlie, but everything is different now. Not just me, and not just how I see my gender, but
Castiel swallowed; was the man flirting with him? He couldn't tell, and he found that a bit disorienting. “I just moved here,” he said somewhat helplessly. “I haven't assessed the possibilities for socializing as yet.”
They resume walking.
Not your body, not your gender.
.” He emitted a cry of triumph as he brought out a small pudding cup. He waved it in front of Benny's face, smirking. “'Sides, I know you always pack
It was beginning to look like Dean was right: no matter what they did, the dresser did not want to make it around that corner. They tried coming in at an angle, tried coming in straight and pivoting, but the turn was just too tight. They even tried standing the damn thing on its end, but its legs caught in the doorway. It was frustrating—and a bit humiliating, considering how Castiel had teased Dean—but at least he was entertained by Dean’s increasingly colorful and inventive cursing.
? What the hell?” He frowns. “And yeah, what about that? And Chuck? And the soul bomb?”
, not necessarily
Sleep-warm hands reached for him, and Castiel shuddered, wanting the touch so badly he felt like wailing aloud, but also wanting to run and hide, so Dean would not see him crying, not see him so weak, not ask him why.
rock burlap. Have 'em swooning in the aisles.”
Charlie gave him a sideways stink-eye. “'Still,' nothing,” she scoffed. “It's
Castiel tilts his head a little to one side. “Then what were you afraid of?”
arms, not vice-versa. He drew himself up to his full height, put one hand on Dean's shoulder and the other around his waist, and whirled him around like he knew what he was doing, and Dean gasped and laughed and clung on as if he was afraid of falling. When they came out of the spin, panting a little, Castiel looked Dean in the eye, hard, direct, not hiding anything, and kissed his mouth like a man kisses another man, equal to equal, strength to strength, and damned if he didn't feel his (purely conceptual) cock twitch when he heard Dean make a small, surprised noise deep in his chest and felt him go a little hard against his hip.
Sam frowned. What the hell was his brother doing? Running a
face, and suddenly his heart is so full he’s not sure what to do with it. He places his hands on Castiel’s cheeks, and he smiles. “You, dammit.
Dean was on his knees, gathering the DVDs in. “Hey, you got The Lord of the Rings extended version?” He lifted a box, peered at it, and his face broke into a wide grin. “Oho!” he said gleefully. “I’ll bet there’s some
Dean stopped him at the door, his green eyes full of concern. “You sure you're okay, Cas?”
Castiel scowled and turned over again, bunching the covers up around his ears and wriggling his feet out into the cool night air. He'd run this through his head a hundred times at least, but he was no closer to an answer to his central question than he was when it all began: what the hell? Seriously, how did this happen?
Dean's throat closed, and he felt his eyes begin to sting. He'd had no idea. He'd come up with any number of theories for their waning love life – blaming himself for being pushy and oversexed, blaming the differences between male and female biology – but he never imagined that the reason Cas had had been turning away was because he hated himself and his body so much. How could Dean have missed it? Why hadn't he tried to do something? “Oh, babe,” he breathed.
Castiel gets slowly to his feet. “Yes!” he says. His body is taut, like a greyhound straining at its lead. “Damn, it’s moved. No…there! There!” He starts to run.
, and that was enough for him. As he wrote in an e-mail to his relatives, "[w]e've been friends for about 35 years, lovers for over 30, and married for almost 29.  We have history, and it's not like I woke up one morning with a stranger in the same bed." Sure, there were a lot of things to rethink, some negotiations, but in the end
Dean opened his mouth, shut it, opened it again. “Huh,” was all he managed.
They spent the rest of Sunday quietly; after the rush of emotion at brunch, Castiel felt drained and lethargic – even joy has its emotional toll – and Dean seemed just as happy play the domestic house-husband. Castiel took a nap when they got home, getting up a couple hours later to plant himself on the couch with a book as Dean wandered in and out on his own business. They ate leftovers for dinner, quietly, with very little conversation, and afterwards Dean read a couple of shorter stories from
There is nothing here but light and something smooth and hard under his feet. He can’t see it for the light, but it’s solid, so he walks. Any direction and no direction. He casts no shadow.
Castiel winced a little at “girls' day,” but he knew that if there was anyone in his small group of friends that could deal with the Situation without any awkwardness or disgust, it was Charlie, and,
They turn, then: they turn their backs on Heaven; they turn their backs on Hell. They turn to the future, to each other—to home.
Sam laid his cheek on the top of Dean’s head, heart like a stone in his chest. “He knew, Dean. He knew.”
“Yes.”
Charlie put her hands flat against his shoulder blades and pushed him towards her car. “Dude. You
Castiel nodded, not knowing what else to do; pretending to have a nightmare was easier than the truth. The fear and grief boiled up inside him, and he let words tumble from him, barely knowing what he said. “I, I dreamt . . . I dreamt you left me,” he gasped between the harsh, ugly sobs. “You left me, and I lost you forever, and I was alone. I was all alone!”
sure as hell ain't responsible for the change.”
And all at once he was awake again, a blade of anxiety cutting a bloody swathe through his lazy thoughts. God. Dean. Dean, who thought he married a woman, who was so straight it was sometimes painful . . . how could Castiel tell him his wife was really his – what? – his husband? How did that even work? And what would Dean do with the information? Turn gay? Write a book? Join PFLAG? Go into therapy to learn how to deal with it?
. Right. God, the lies they told themselves, over and over and over.
Dean went stiff and still. “Dude,” he said, sounding deeply offended. “Did you just quote—
Castiel closed his mouth, trying hard not to drop his gaze to the perfect curve of this
Castiel looked up into those bright eyes and for a minute he didn't know what to do.
from when he’d burned himself, and they felt better in the cool, still water in the sink, so he stood there, at little stooped over, staring at the wobbly image of his hands and their burns and the cut across the back of his right from where an errant branch had scraped him. He watched idly as the cut bled into the water, a thin, red ribbon billowing and curling out in filmy, insubstantial clouds. They twisted and curled, but he couldn’t see any shapes in them, not like when he and
Castiel gaped. “But, but, Dean . . .”
He knew running water would be better for the cut across the back of his right hand, but he had burns, too, burns from when they
“Ngh…” Castiel groaned. God
, and the fear clogging his throat begins to dissipate when he sees he’s catching up. He barely registers that they both seem to be wearing all their clothes again.
For a moment, all Castiel could do was stare, his irritation shifting into wonder. He'd been prepared for denial and demands, for a long, agonizing “discussion” that would have left Dean, well, educated, at least, but Castiel raw and exposed and exhausted. And all he got was “is this what's made you happy?”
with excitement. He'd already started wearing his man-jeans, but now he dug out his new button-ups and started wearing those as well. He started lowering his voice experimentally (not around Dean, of course), just a little, to see how low he could comfortably go without hurting himself. He bought a messenger bag at Goodwill to replace his purse. He dug the 5-lb. weights out of the downstairs closet and started using them again. He began to research trans issues and support groups on the internet. He defragged and backed up his hard drive. He cleaned all the bathrooms and the refrigerator and still got Professor Armitage's Arabic translation done a day early.
Castiel blinked from one man to the other. Dean was looking
“I mean, of course I
floor, ‘member?”
Castiel shook his head. “Not anti-
Castiel gestures off to his right. “I thought I saw something. A flicker of shadow maybe. A difference in the light.”
and the jeans fit his hips and thighs but were so wide in the waist he needed a belt to keep them from showing a spectacular plumber's crack when he bent over. He bit his lip. He had been so excited when they were shopping, but now that he had the clothes home, he wasn't sure what to do with them. Could he wear them in front of Dean? Would Dean wonder what was going on? Would he ask questions Castiel wasn't ready to answer yet? Dammit, what had he been
“Sammy,” Dean breathed, agonized.
“I love you, as well, Dean. I have always loved you, even before I knew I could.”
and then Dean was reaching for him to steady him, and
kiss.
They stand looking at each other for some period of time—Dean has no idea how long in this strange, changeless place.
First, however, he ran upstairs, dumped his purchases on the bed, and stood staring at the colorful pile for a long, long time. Men's clothes. The shoes and hoodies and t-shirt were relatively innocuous; the hoodies were maybe a little long, but nothing about these items necessarily screamed “male-only.” The shirts, on the other hand, were boxy and buttoned up on the
Dean's eyebrows flew up to his hairline. “Oh?” he breathed, hardly knowing what to think.
And yes, that was definitely a question he'd like an answer to. As
lately, so much happier than I've seen you for . . . god, so long.” He hesitated, his brow furrowing. “And seeing you like this, it makes me realize how
? Or that one there —” He swung his hand around, sloshing beer. “— isn’t it shaped somewhat like a trireme?”
"Thank you so much daddy." The teen says with a small smile when he's done.
Dean raises his gun and points it at Cas’ head. Castiel looks away clenching his eyes shut. He begins sobbing and begging for his life.
He watches helplessly as his brother unlocked the door to Cas' room. Sam can't help but notice the bandages on the teen's fingers. Sam tasted bile as he caught sight of a pile of bloody fingernails beside the bed. It's not hard to piece together what happened. After that stupid fucking kiss, Cas derseved that. The boy looked like he wasn't expecting anyone back tonight. He stares at the crowbar and then looks at Dean and Sam, his face riddled with confusion and twisted up in fear.
After that night things change. Dean’s bed is sold. Sam tries protesting that he's scared to sleep alone but his dad doesn't listen. Sammy just gets told that he's a big boy and needs to sleep by himself. He doesn't understand why Dee gets to sleep with their Daddy.
Cas doesn’t respond, but Sam throws his head back and lets out a short moan, hands finding their way to the thick black hair of Dean's other pet. Oh yeah, Castiel figured out just what to do.
He can tell the boy is still trying to process what he was told. No matter, Dean still lays down the first harsh hit. Cas only whimpers, he's hit again harder.
Sam meekly nods, “Okay”.
Sam has no memories of his mother, or his family ever being happy like they were in all the photos hanging on the walls.
Castiel begins awkwardly sucking on the pistol his eyes still clenched shut tight. Cas’ drool dripping down the shaft of the gun as he sucks.
"Turn around." Dean orders, smacking Cas on the ass fairly hard to motivate him, the whimpering music to his ears. The boy obeys, the chain on his neck jingling as he does so. “Sam, fuck him”!
"Just tell me, " he orders, losing his patience. Dean needs him home. Castiel needs him home. He needs to get out of here!
"Get out!" Sam yells.
When his food is finished, he gets out of bed. He gets ahold of the rolling stand his IV is connected to. He walks to the nearest nurses station. Sam puts his arm on the counter, tapping his finger on the side to get the nurse's attention. The woman looks up at him. "Can I help you?" She asks, annoyed at Sam’s rudeness. Sam recognizes her as the woman Dean threw his tray yesterday. She has a long sleeve shirt on under her scrubs, likely to cover the bruises.
“Shut the fuck up!” Dean shouts at the boy. The teen quickly hushes begging, but still sobs softly.
The brothers make the ER entrance and check-in.
Cas had a hard time sitting up and when he does his face is covered with tears. He looks so absolutely miserable that Dean coos at him and reaches out to roughly pinch his cheek.
Dean takes a few steps forward before taking hold of Cas by his pretty raven locks. "Don't you dare fucking gag," he says through clenched teeth. The boy beneath him let's out a pitiful whimper and Dean shoves his cock into his wet and waiting mouth.
This chapter contains references to child abuse including sexual abuse, alcoholism and animal abuse / death.
He pulls out,  frowning when he sees his seed leak back out of Castiel. Yeah, he really needs to start making his boy use a butt plug, this is such a waste.  He pats Cas on the behind. Dean grabs his belt, tucking his flaccid cock away and fixing his jeans. “You better get your shit together by the time I come back to give your water for the day,” he states, going for the door.
“Okay, that's it!  The hard way it is. '' He kicks Cas off the bed. The boy yelps when he hits the floor, but Dean doesn’t care. He drags Cas on to the bed by placing a firm grip around his neck, grinning at the chokes and gasps that escape the boy's mouth. "I really wanted to see to you last night. I give you an inch and you try to turn me into a fucking pushover!  You think my kindness is a joke?" He berates, placing his hand around the boy's throat.
"So how’d someone like you end up with that asshole?" The man comments. Sam clenches his jaw. He can't stand anyone talking shit about Dean. They have no idea what the man went through. The things he did to protect Sam. If they did, no one could ever hate him.
"Oh we don't know the password.” Jimmy admits sheepishly.
"And the password?"
Dean feels comfortable and that his house in order so he has no problem going the garage and climbing into his Impala and leaving for work.
Dean looks just as confused as Sam, “This isn't the Same hospital I took you to the last… I don't remember what this one thinks. Let's just go with Husbands, ” Dean answers with a grin. Smacking Sam’s ass. “Isn't that right honey?” Dean states sarcastically. Sam can't help but blush despite the sarcasm.
Sam sighs in relief. He can get home to Dean...before his brother does anything too horrible to Castiel. He does hope the boy is still alive and okay...well as okay as anyone can be going through what the teen is. Sam's heartaches if he resides on the thoughts of that boy. He’s pulled from his morose thoughts by a knock on the door frame, it's Gadreel. "I hope you didn't forget about our lunch date." The guest announces playfully.
Sam looks like he wants to argue. He's giving Dean one of his classic bitch faces. The older brother rolls his eyes.
Castiel is then untied, but his gag is left in place. Dean throws water in Cas’ face to bring him round. Cas groggily holds him damaged hands to his chest and weeps. He feels thankful it was only his nails this time. He thought for a horrifying second that Dean was going to take his fingers or teeth! Who knows what that sadistic psychopath was capable of.  Dean pulls the boy into his lap again. "I wish you'd be a good boy for me Cas, I really do. You and I know you can be a good boy. I've seen proof of it online. You can be daddy's good boy, I know you can." The captor murmurs softly as he gently rubs the sobbing teen's naked back.
Sam kneels down to wipe the sick from the floor. Dean leans against the doorway, he points to Cas then the floor, “help with that, ” Dean orders. The boy climbs down from the bed, his chain jingling softly as he does. Dean can't help but smile seeing both of his pets work together. He thinks of the future. Imagining life where Cas is trained well enough to be let out of his little basement cell. Sam and Cas doing dishes together and going down on him at the same time when they finish cleaning up. Oh yeah, that's his end goal.
"I consent!" Sam yells back his voice filled with fear.
She knew something was wrong when Cas hadn't come home from his volunteer work. Both parents made the choice to give their son till the early hours of the morning before reporting their son missing, just in case he came back.
After this dean lets him go and walks out of the kitchen. He stops in the bedroom to throw on some clothes. He knows Cas will already be panicked, he needs the boy as calm as possible to be useful. He hasn’t wanted to make him panic more by showing up in his in just his boxers. Black T-Shirt, some jeans, a leather belt because that might come in handy.
"Please don't!"  Cas begs and begins to sob into the mattress.
“Do you want me to shoot Cas? I can shoot him in the leg right now!! If I fuck up I still kill him or cripple him. How does that sound, huh??  Or are you gonna listen to me?” Dean accentuating his threat by gesturing to the gun in his hand.
"I can get that, " Gadreel announces with confidence as he collects Sam's tray and leaves again.
Dean sighs, pulling the small pistol out of his pocket, he cocks it and points it at the boys. Cas is sobbing on the floor the second he sees the gun. If he let Castiel have more than one glass of water today there would more than likely be a puddle of piss on the floor.
"Sir! I can't do that without the patient's consent and I would highly advise against him leaving. His wound is showing signs of infection." The nurse pleads.
--------
Dean decides that distracting his blue eyed kitten might be fun, so he starts working the fingers of his free hand inside the boy. He's still so wet from their sex earlier that it's not hard. He hasn't bothered to find Cas prostate; it never seems to do much. Instead, he drags his fingernails inside the teen. Cas jolts forward and tries to scream, but it's muffled by the fat cock in his mouth. The vibrations from this make Sammy so loud that Dean glares at his younger brother.
Dean fixes his own pants when he finds a parking spot, than he helps Sam out of the car. Sam thinks for a second, “I can't remember, does the hospital think we're brothers or married?” Sam asks, not wanting to mess things up and anger his brother. He looks at Dean for answers.
When Sam got upstairs he slammed the door leading to the basement and slid down it, his heart was racing. He ran his good hand over his face and then his phone went off.
-------------------------------------
Dean woke up shortly after the lights turned on. The timer is a damn good alarm clock. He looks over to his innocent Cas, still curled up next to him sound asleep.
Castiel stills and lowers his head, “Tell him I said I’m sorry,” Then he shoots his head up to look at Dean. His eyes are puffy and red, filled with tears yet again, “Please...Daddy,” He adds on.
"N...n-no" Castiel gets out between strangled gasps for air.
Dean cleans and bandages the bloody fingertips only tie the abused hand to the bed and untie the other. He repeats all the same actions again.
“Are you really testing me right now?” The eldest questions shoving Sam to the floor. “Go get  the cleaning shit and your toothbrush, and get downstairs before I beat ya!” He yells threateningly..
Sam was enjoying his peace and quiet. He takes Gadreel's number out from his pocket as if on autopilot, he pulls his phone out and types in the number. He can't save it under the man's real name. Sam decides to delete one of the five numbers he has of Bobby. The man has many side gigs and a burner phone for each one. He keeps the name the same and just changes the number to be Gadreel's. He’s just built up the courage to text the number when Dean comes upstairs. Sam quickly scrambles to put his phone away. The elder brother drops a bowl in the sink, then leaves the kitchen without speaking to Sam.
--------------------
"Sorry Daddy." The teen mumbles, still feeling out of it.
"He just uses it to follow his friends and celebrities he likes. That can't be dangerous," Jimmy replies, shrugging.
On the way home from the funeral Dean drives the car that is now his. He turns to Sam and tells him that their father didn't have a heart attack. Dean admits to killing their Father. He then threatens to do the same to Sammy if he ever betrays him.
"Sam I'm so sorry you got shot because of me." Cas announced meekly.
Dean picks up his brother's food tray, throwing it at the nurse. "Security!" The woman yells, clutching her now bruised arm covered in Sam's leftovers.
"If it was a smart phone then definitely," Ketch replies.
"Yes Dean, of course" Sam replies, getting out of bed clumsily. Dean grins, seeing his brother limping as he leaves. That's how he knows he's fucked Sam good.
The act is hot enough that Sammy's not far behind him. Dean let's go of Cas and Sam pulls out of the teen..knowing that it's actually safe to let go now.
A routine forms for daily life. Sam using his pillow to cover his ears to drown out what's happening in the next room. Dean limping into the kitchen every morning as he makes breakfast everyone. Sam holding Dean's hand on the walk to school. It was on one of these walks that Sam saw the bruises on his brother’s wrists.  Sam loves school, it's his favorite part of the day. He gets to sit with Dean for lunch. At the end of the day, Sam holds his brother's hand and they talk about their day both ignoring the dread of the evening ahead. This pattern goes on for a few more years.
The earliest memory Sam has is laying in bed in his small room unable to sleep. The sounds in his father's room keeping him up. He doesn't know why his Daddy is angry or why Dee is crying.
Cas wipes his face and coughs roughly again. The more he thinks about Sam the warmer he feels for the older boy. Sam is the only comfort he has. Sam is really his only hope of surviving this hell and getting home to his parents.
Sam just turns away shaking his head and wiping his face with his good hand. He walks back to his room.
Cas gives a small nod trying to move so much as Dean still has his fist in his hair. “Dean please let of my hair I'll be good I promise, ” Castiel whimpers and bargains and begs. His head is pounding just his heart.
“Feisty, ” Dean comments with a sly smile. Then the grabs Cas by his hair and slams the boy's head against the metal headboard. Castiel yells loudly from the pain and begins crying. “I will take as long as I want. Is that clear?” Dean questions.
“We don't have a spare brush for him,” Sam replies.
The teen struggles against the meat invading his mouth, causing Dean to pull at the boy's hair. "Stop being a fucking brat!" He snaps.
Amelia and Jimmy sit in their living room waiting. A car pulls into the driveway. "That must be him!" Amelia exclaims carrying her son's plush cat with her to the door.
Not that reporting him missing did much to help them. The police were convinced Castiel had run away and that he'd come home when he was ready. Amelia believed them...because the alternative was too hard for her to bare.
Sam burnt the trash as he stood in the back yard watching the evidence of his lover's rage being scrubbed away in the flames. He palmed the paper with Gadreel's phone number in his pocket. He should throw it into the fire. Every fiber of his being tells him he should. He can't bring himself to. He just couldn’t, was it rebellion? Was it his loneliness? He didn’t  even have feelings for the man, not really. Perhaps he just wanted a friend. What was wrong with his mind?
Castiel looks at Dean again, “You just forced me to drink who knows what, after the kidnapping and raping me. I have nothing to thank you for,” Cas snaps. Dean slaps him hard enough he falls off the bed to the cement floor. He watches Cas curl up in a ball on the floor a begin sobbing again.
Dean finds he’s just about ready to cum himself! He quickly stops touching his cock, he needs to wait for his release. He turns to Sam. “Sammy I want you to fuck Cas. You are allowed to cum inside him. Cas is allowed to cum, but only from you fucking him. You are not allowed to touch his dick!”
"It doesn't count. You're clearly forcing him to agree. If you can't calm down you need to leave!" The nurse snaps.
“Dean I'm not molesting a kid!” Sam replies, a horrified expression on his face.
---------
-------------------------
"Need a ride?" Gadreel asks with a smile.
------------
Dean looked fucking pissed. Sam needed to think, and fast. Christ, he needs to get Cas away from Dean. This was all Cas’s fault. He needed to get away, he couldn’t do this anymore. Dean was going to kill the both of them!
Dean coos mockingly at the two sat on the floor. “Enough acting like little girls. Time to stop the chatting and get to work,” he orders, gripping the pistol in his hand tighter, getting more impatient the longer the boys are stalling.
"Sammy give consent for me to sign you out!" Dean shouts.
Sam frowns when he leans up to fuck Cas. It's quick, but Dean catches it. He doesn't give a fuck how his brother feels about this.
Dean snatches the box, then swiftly pins his younger brother to the wall. Sam let out a loud whimper. "What have I told you about moving my crap?!" The elder shouts.
“Well, I’ll be there,” Dean says sternly before hanging up.
Lizards make great betas
"This isn't a date. I'm married, " Sam replies sternly.
Sam can't help but shake it, "I'm Sam, " he responds meekly. Why is he letting himself speak to this person? He wouldn’t put it past Dean to kill Gadreel or both of them for this action. Yet Sam can't stop himself. He hates it. The man takes off his leather jacket, draping it over the bedside chair before sitting down.
He brings the water and toast downstairs. He walks in and rolls his eyes when he sees Castiel still slumped where he left him. What a fucking cry baby. “Get up!” he orders. Cas scrambles to comply, pulling himself up all the way onto the bed. Dean holds out the water and food. He notices a sparkle in the boy’s eyes when he sees the toast. Castiel reaches for his breakfast but Dean pulls it away. “Ah, ah, ah...what do we say?” Dean asks.
When Dean thinks the boy is ready, he unzipped his jeans and leans in. Cas still tried to tighten so Dean had to push past it. The boy raised his arm to push his abuser away, Dean roughly pins him to the bed. "Don't be a damn brat!". He doesn't mind the tightening. Sammy used to do the same shit. However, he has zero tolerance for fighting back. Yeah, fuck that bullshit. "You know tightening just makes it hurt more right?" Dean runs his hands over the boy's legs as he fucks him. "If you just fucking relax it will feel better" he states angrily digging his nails into the teen's flesh as he fucks the tight wet hole. Castiel whimpers sharply underneath him. There are muffled sounds that could be begging. Dean ignores the noises and fucks harder.
"I missed this too Dee" Sam replies smiling.
The victim is now the one with power and that’s how things are going to stay!
"We upgraded him from a small prepaid phone to an iPhone for his twelfth birthday. All of his friends at school already had one," Amelia confessed nervously. Her husband gently rubs her leg again, trying to comfort her.
“What?” Sam looks confused.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean let go of Cas and gently moved the weapon back to his side. He gives his younger brother a half smirk. "Oh Sammy... that's my boy," he says with pride in his voice.
The last thing he does before leaving is put leather mittens of Cas' hands, tying them tight. He doesn't want the boy clawing at his scalp due to stress again. At the last second, he decides to put the matching leather hood over the boy's head. Sensory deprivation just seems fun today.
Sam sits down on the floor next to Cas. “Castiel it’s okay I know you don’t want to do this and that’s okay, but you still have to do it. You don't need to like it. It's just about getting the job done,” Sam explains in a calm reassuring tone. Cas stares at him blankly before blinking and nodding finally, softly muttering an okay.
Dean storms up the stairs looking for his brother. Someone’s gonna clean Castiel’s vomit up and it’s not gonna be him!  Stupid fucking kid can’t even suck a dick without puking! He's so fucking pissed! He searches the whole main floor and Sam is nowhere to be found. This really isn't helping his temper. He peeks out of the blinds. No sign of him anywhere on the street or in the backyard. So he sits on the couch and waits. His rage only growing with each passing second..
Dean goes to work leaving Castiel that way.
"Instagram?" The investigator asks.
---------
Her dear husband Jimmy stood in the doorway looking exhausted. He walks over and kneels down in front of her, hand on his wife's knee. "I just don't understand why Cas would run away, what could we have possibly done," Amelia says tears running down her face. The police had insisted their boy had just runoff. “Do you think he was being bullied?"
! Gotchya, ya bastards!” Charlie pulled out two sets of clothes that were wrapped together in cellophane and hooked on a hanger.
“No, no! He wasn't here, it was just her.” Dean quickly placated the Alpha as his oak and cinnamon scent was suddenly scorched by anger and aggression. “I haven't seen him since he showed up at the door the other day.”
“Yeah, I know where you are,” Rufus snarked at the Omega. “So tell me something: are you gonna
to orchestrate all of this. The more he thought about it, the more he believed that Gabriel couldn't have
Benny and Cas shared a laugh at Dean's expense. This, of course, did nothing to curb the Omega's mood.
“Alright then,” Benny said as he clapped his hands in front of himself, “let's bring them back in here.”
He goes upstairs, leaving the bottled water behind and collecting his leather jacket. He climbs into the impala busting his music all the way to the hospital.
Dean couldn't take any more days off work. He didn't want to leave Cas alone, but he had no choice. After a quick gas station breakfast (yeah he's not cooking for himself again), the man goes downstairs with his supplies. He still has shit to get done before he leaves.
Sam has time alone with Castiel.
“So? He can use yours. It's girly enough so why not,” Dean says shrugging.
If he even had a weapon, he wasn’t sure if he could kill Dean or himself. He wanted to die. He'll do anything to get out of here even if that means being buried in a trash bag. If he wins Dean over, maybe he'll be allowed upstairs and he can get his hands on a knife. He's was so desperate.
The Novak's look at each other hopefully. "Cas had a cell phone, does that count?" Jimmy asks on edge.
Sam obeys, but when he stands from scooping up his clothes, he notices Dean glaring at a wet spot on the mattress, but he says nothing.
When it begins to hurt and the hand is replaced with something bigger. Cas forces himself not to think about the pain.
Dean let's go of his lover's hair. "Bedroom now," he orders. Sam goes to stand up,  but his brother kicks him in the leg, still wearing his work boots. Sam yelps in pain, but crawls without question, Dean following closely behind.
Sam frowns, he's so used to pain that he doesn't feel the prick from the needle at all. "I don't scare easily!”  He decides to answer. Which is also true unless it's Dean. He knows Dean wouldn't hesitate to destroy anyone that hurt him and he's used to pain. This really is nothing.
"I'm tired!" Castiel yells back, it's a pathetic whine.
Gadreel bursts out in laughter, "no, no, no.  This was part of the condition for my early release,” he clarified.
“Okay I can do that, ” Sam says sounding confident.
There’s another pause, “ten am I think,” Sammy hesitantly tells him.
"Well, that's no way to greet someone, " a voice answers. It's a man's voice. Sam opens his eyes. His vision is blurry with tears but even with that he can see the man is handsome. Sam knows he shouldn't think that way. Dean would beat him if he knew. More guilt fills Sam's heart
"Dean, I'm home now." He clumsily replied with one hand.
When he cums Dean unties the boy and pulls the hood off. Big scared eyes like endless oceans stare him. It was one of the things that made Dean latch on to his Instagram account. Gorgeous blue eyes, adorable face, lips made for sucking cock, a fuckable slender body. The day Cas posted a photo of himself at a friend's pool party was his undoing. It was candid of him in just tiny swim trunks laughing. That's when Dean knew Castiel wasn't just a pretty face. He was a cute fuckable little thing ready for claiming.
"That insta thing? Well whatever it is, he's really into that," Amelia explains. "There's no porn allowed on it so I thought it would be fine," she adds on.
"No what?" Dean asks his voice low and dark. He clamps his hand down harder.
Castiel knows by now there's no getting him to stop whatever he has planned. He looks at the floor, tears flowing freely. "...E-easy way," the boy mumbles.
It's not very long before the fucking hits Sam's prostate and makes his brother hard again. "I might just let you cum tonight," Dean whispers seductively between grunts, thrusting violently into Sam.
“Sammy you aren't allowed to cum yet, right. Tell Cas when you're about to,” Dean adjusts his sitting position. His jeans are getting tight….fuck!  Sam nods between moans of pleasure as Dean undoes his pants collecting the lube from the floor. He begins touching himself, fingers coated with lube as strokes his shaft almost lazily up and down, occasionally rubbing his thumb over the slit.
Sorry for cliffhanger I just could not help myself.
lise235 was the beta
"Do you know the login info for his account?" Ketch asks, tensing a bit in his seat.
Dean raises the gun to him without turning to look at him. “Shut your fucking mouth, ” Dean shouts back enraged. The older Winchester lowers the gun when Sam shuts up.
*Author's Note* This is the Water Bottle Dean gives Cas
"I'm not leaving here without you, " the elder states.
I realize the timing of this chapter is not great. Considering irl events. However, I started working on this before the news broke. My love and support will forever be with Jared. AKF.
“Okay okay I’ll do it just, please just stop, ” he begs between several healthy sobs.
He makes his way downstairs after filling the bottle. When he gets to Castiel’s room he takes a deep breath before opening the door. He has no idea what he was expecting to see but he was taken aback by the fact Cas is curled in a ball on the bed. He thought his boy would be at the edges of the room trying to claw his way out. Instead, it looks like he cried himself to sleep and stayed there. Good already giving up hope, a good sign. Dean sets the water bottle down on the floor near the bed, then he sits. He begins stroking Castiel’s thighs slowly working his hands to what lays between them. He actually feels Cas begin to harden under his fingers. The boy begins being squirmy and even moaning softly around his ball gag.
When the next “hunting trip” comes around, instead of complying like always, Dean tells dad  that he's an adult now,  he doesn't need to listen to their dad anymore. This argument doesn't end well for Dean.
--------
The couple look at each other. Amelia looks back at the private eye. "I think the account is called...CastielBlueAngel04"
---------
He pets gently at first, letting Sam relax into his touches, only to suddenly cling onto his hair roughly, forcing Sam to look up. "Why didn't you tell me earlier that you were getting out today, huh? What are you hiding from me Sammy?!" He snaps angrily.
The teen is pulled from his fantasy by the doorknob turning. Dean was there in the doorway with buckets of water in each hand and a white towel bunched up under his arm. The predator looks pissed. Cas' spaced out bliss is replaced with complete horror as Dean stalks towards him. "I got kicked out of the hospital. I'm not allowed back," He states coldly, putting down the buckets of water and towel. Dean wipes the cloth over the teen's face roughly, dumping the water over Cas' face. The boy sputters and coughs through his gag, panicking. Dean smirks. So waterboarding works to bring his pet back to the real world. He doesn't stop until both buckets are empty.
"We were childhood friends, " Sam answered. It's not really a lie but it's not the truth either. "His dad hurt him a lot...We were each others only friends...I don't know why I'm telling you any of this shit, it's personal"
This repeats four more times. "This is for your own good," he hears Dean declare over his screams.
Gadreel smiles back and sits beside Sam. His own food bag resting in his lap. "You're welcome angel, " He let out.
Castiel sees Dean again.
Dean begins fighting back again. Sam overhears their Dad say that if Dean doesn't listen he will start hurting Sammy. Dean listens after that. Shortly after this Sam starts finding small dead animals in the backyard. He's sure Dean is the one putting them there.
Sam has his head slammed into the hardwood of the kitchen table. Thumb broken. Many bruises. This is how Sam spends his time now. Nothing Dean does to Sam could compare to Dean's pain. Sam just wants his brother happy. That's all he wants, even if it causes him pain. It's around this time that Dean starts drinking their dad's booze. He tells Sam that it helps him stay calm. Sam really doubts that. His big brother is just as angry when he's sober as when he's drunk.
Sam slides his hand off the counter. "You don't know what Dean is like without me,” he explains, feeling his voice cracking.
Dean gives him a small smile. "Cas wanted you to know he's sorry for what happened,'' he declares dryly.
"Because I'm hungry Sam! Dean doesn't feed me enough!" Castiel snapped with a raised voice,  his face twisted with dismay.
“I told you to shut the fuck up!” Dean shouts and Castiel screams again panicked. “You can shut the fuck up too!” He yells turning his attention to the teen under his body. Sam watches Dean smack Castiel with the gun in his hand several times. The elder brother only stops when he needs to undo his belt and jeans. Dean quickly smears a small glob of lube onto Castiel's entrance before starting. Sam can easily tell it’s nowhere near enough. “Don't clench it will only make it worse, ” Sam tells the teen, horrified, hoping Cas will hear him and listen. Cas is still completely frantic despite Sam's warning.
“Okay, I’ll check that later,” Sam replies unfazed.
Sam let out a sigh. "I can't disobey Dean." He couldn’t. He’d done too much already. He felt a gentle hand on his thigh and he looked over. Castiel was on all fours in front of him, his face was uncomfortably close. "What are you-" Sam's question was cut off by the teen leaning in, kissing him. Shock rushed through him, realizing what was happening, he shoved the boy away. "What the fuck is wrong with you?!" Sam yelled before getting up and running for the door.
Sam starts moving then, trying to be faster or more aggressive or whatever he's supposed to be to top correctly. As he quickens, however, Sam notices it's getting harder and harder to separate himself from what he's doing. He's not used to having to stay mentally present for all of sex. Its easier to think about as just a job if doesn't have to think about what's happening. The pain. He looks at Dean jerking off infront of him, but that just makes it worse because he just wishes he were under Dean right now. He wants to be anywhere but here. He can't believe Cas likes him, he tried to kiss him. And now he's being forced to fuck him. Shit, shit... no no no! He’s getting soft. He needs to find something else to think about and quick.
“Eat it then, ” Dean demands without even looking at him. So Sam does. He's never enjoyed the taste of his brother’s semen, but he still eats it when told. That doesn't stop Sam from grimacing and gagging at the taste. Dean glances at him and lets out a small laugh. “You should be used to cum. Dad used to cum in your baby bottles”, He calmly states.  Sam knows this likely isn't true but he'll never tell his brother that. Their Dad never showed interest in doing anything like that with him, it was only ever Dean. That's why Sam can never truly hate his brother. Dean is just trying to cope with the sexual abuse inflicted on him as a child by their dad.
Sam lets out a strained whimper. “Okay Okay stop, ” Sam gasps, panting  loudly. Cas let's go quickly. Cas looks up at Dean unsure of what to do.
Dean gets up from the bed walking over and kneeling next Castiel shoving the gun against his temple. “I don't know Sammy it seems like you’re not obeying me. Maybe you’re not as well trained as I thought. Maybe I should get rid of Cas so I can focus on retraining you,” He says in a cocky tone, looking at his now sheepish brother. He then drags his pistol across Castiel's face. Stopping at the boy’s mouth and shoving gun onto the teen's mouth roughly. He hears Castiel gag around it. “Suck on my pistol Cas. Maybe you'll be better at this then BJ’s”.
Dean lets go of his brother, “Oh, and you can clean his teeth too,” he says as Sam wriggles free from his grasp.
"I'm not going to cheat on my husband with you!" Sam screams. "Get the fuck out of my room!" He yells hysterical. All of the stress of the morning piling up.
“I went for a jog,”  Sammy answers, his voice filled with confusion and fear. “I’m still allowed do that right?” The younger brother tentatively asks, growing even more confused. Dean does have a habit of changing the rules whenever he feels like it.
Dean loses his shit in the hospital and takes his anger out of Cas. Sam is left feeling paranoid and broken.
"Ah okay," Sam declares, digging into his sandwich.
Dean then stands and storms out of the room. Cas just sit on the floor unmoving terrified. “I fucked up, ” he says out loud and dumbfounded.
--------------
The teen doesn't act out of fear as Dean forces him down on all fours, his head pushed onto the mattress with his ass up in the air. He doesn't flinch or cry as Dean works him open with his hand.
"Probably another few days yet. The doctor hasn’t decided. He’ll be around to see you this morning when he’s on his rounds.”
Dean smiles, today is slowly getting better. When the beer and food are finished, well at least the food on Dean’s plate. Sam knows that if Dean is finished the meal is over it doesn’t matter if Sam is finished or not. Dean simply pushes himself in his chair away from the table. Instead of standing up he undoes this belt. Sammy is quick to catch on. Again years on training working in Dean’s favor. Sammy is quick to walk over Nuzzle himself between Dean’s legs. Sam makes quick work of pulling Dean’s semi out of his jeans and sucking him off. Dean grins he worked away Sam’s gag reflex years ago he’s grateful for that. Dean’s moans of pleasure and the wet sloppy noises coming for Sam soon fill the kitchen. Sammy looks up at Dean through his eyelashes with hollow cheeks as he works his brother's cock. Bobbing up and down really working Dean over. It doesn’t take long with Sam’s work for Dean cum down his throat. Sammy, of course, swallows like the good boy he is.
Dean produces lube from his pocket and tosses it on the floor, “Cas I want you to get your shit together. Because you’re gonna give Sam a hand job,” he orders.
“Get up and get into the car. I’ll take you to the ER. You can clean up your you mess when we get back, ” Dean bitterly glances at the broken chair and coffee machine. Sam just nods.
Sam is shaking and holds his hands up, palm outwards in submission.
“S-s-to-stop!, ” Cas finally shouts his voice weak and shaken. Sam let's go of Cas’s  nearly spent cock, which is almost ready to burst.
Sam starts his day with a tray of boring food and a nurse taking his vitals and more blood work. "You a recovered junky or something?"  The nurse questions as she takes his blood.
Dean begins touching himself again now that the fun has started once more. It doesn’t take long for Cas to become a sodden mess. He leaks a few drops of precum and Sam looks scared Cas won't tell him to stop but knows better than to stop on his own or comment.
After a while, Gadreel comes back with what Sam asked for. Sam eagerly accepted the food with a small smile. "Thank you.”  Sam was fighting with his emotions. Part of him wanted to tell the guy to fuck off, but part of him wanted him to stay. Gadreel was gorgeous, looking at him gave Sam butterflies in his stomach...but he knew it was better for both of them if Sam ignored his romantic feelings. Dean would kill them both. It’d been years since anyone was nice to him without expecting something in return. Unless Gadreel wanted something? Sam started to worry. The apple pie life wasn’t going to happen for him. He’d learned long ago to accept it. There was no way Dean would ever let him go. He'd be hunted down like a dog. He’d never have a normal life. He’d learned not to be sad about it anymore. Oh well, nothing was going to happen. If Gadreel wanted to spend money on food for him, then let him. More fool him if he thought he was going to get something in return. He’d be going home to Dean soon anyway and he’d never see Gadreel again.
Dean's has after dinner plans.
"I want to know when I'm getting out of here," Sam asks calmly.
Sam shut the door behind him and knelt down in front of the boy, returning the smile.
The men continued to chat throughout their meal. It was a pleasant banter.
"What?" The man asks confused.
"Can you help with my arm?" Sam asks the younger male with a hint of coldness in his voice. He needs to make sure Cas knows he doesn't want this. He clenches his jaw.
Cas begins pleading with Dean through his sobs, “P-p-please….l-let... me go,”
“Good boy, ” Dean states calmly sounding relaxed.
Sam frowns as he eats from his own plate, “He’s just a kid he’s not going to be perfect yet,” Sam replies.
"You have an infected gunshot wound. If you leave it's likely going to go green, " The nurse announces, calm and cold.
He assembles two bacon and egg sandwiches eating both of them and chasing them with a beer. Then he fills his angels sparkling blue water bottle. He pauses, his boy should probably eat something. Dean settles on a single piece of thinly buttered toast. His boy can start behaving before he feeds him anything else.
He slipped his hand between the boy's thighs, stroking the treasure there. He works the teen over until he starts to wake up, then his panic set in. Cas pulled away from Dean in fear.
Amelia Novak sat on her couch, clutching her son's toy cat in her arms. Her cheeks were wet as she's shown the CCTV footage from the night Castiel went missing. Her poor, sweet son walking home alone at night.  He’d listened to his mom and packed a jacket before leaving for the animal shelter. Amelia was horrified by the idea of her sweet boy all alone and cold.  Now god knows where he was.  Ketch paused the video. "That black 1976 Chevy Impala was seen four times on different cameras before along your son's route. I looked up the license plate, it’s local. The plates have been out of circulation for years. My guess is someone stole the plates or brought them at a yard sale or something similar.  They’ve stuck them on their own car to avoid suspicion,” the man explains.
The nurse smiled and shook her head. She shrugged, saying "I've never had a patient be so ok with needles before, that’s all. I didn’t mean to offend you.”
Gadreel smiles as he backs away, holding his hands up in mock surrender. “Alright, alright," he says as he leaves the room chuckling.
Sam rushes over, he pulls the toolbox off of the top shelf. "Here Dean.”
"Rollover, " Dean orders firmly, ignoring the boy's distress.
Cas complies. The next thing he knows is one of his hands and both his legs have been zip-tied to the bed. Dean straddles Cas and shoves a ball gag in the boy's mouth, strapping it at the back. It's then the teen sees a large pair of pliers in his captor's hand and he screams into the gag. "Hush, I haven't even started yet," Dean tells him annoyedly.
Castiel's first morning with Dean. Cas tries being a little shit. Sammy is a good boy for Dean.
"I'm not leaving until you bring me whatever bullshit paperwork my husband needs to sign! You have no right to keep him from me!" Dean continues to rant. Sam watches in panic as his big brother is dragged away by uniformed guards.
