concern. Surely, a much-needed rest was in order. The best outcome would be his daughter, and the business with the governess solved as soon as possible. However, being the partner of Sherlock Holmes for years now, I know that patience is a virtue.
He's not in his right mind anymore. There are days when he doesn't remember Molly. It breaks her heart when her father calls her "Sister" as if she was a nun and not his only daughter.
“He disappeared this morning, shortly after the discovery of Sir Landsbury's body. He's Mrs Nordon's accomplice, I'm sure. He fled, but we will find him. Trust me!”
Mr Sherlock Holmes has just arrived in Norwich, and the case is already closed. In the detective's own words: it didn't take him long to figure out what was going on at Crevecoeur Hall.
“My physique is very recognizable. I must admit that this man was very ingenious. Finally, the trial ended there. I can't hope to find our man. He evaporated in the crowd without a doubt.”
added: one partner. When I had decorated the house together with Mary, I had found it pleasant. Now, I realized that it
ANNOUNCER: In August 1998, deep in the bowels of the British Museum, work began on building an extension to the erotic literature and artefacts section. While a curator was clearing some shelves, he found a locked, leather portmanteau wedged between a collection of early Byzantine pornographic bathroom tiles and the first edition of Janet and John Go Bra-Swapping. The portmanteau turned out to have once belonged to a Doctor John H. Watson. And hidden under his surgical instruments were several volumes of hitherto unpublished memoirs recounting his adventures with none other than Sherlock Holmes. The BBC proudly presents—
The blacksmith will have jittery hands then. His large hands, marked by hard labour, will be so tender, so soothing. Sherlock Holmes has loved John Watson for a long time, but they are men roughened by circumstances.
When John left the office, he contemplated the long, cold walk back to his flat. Instead, he stepped to the edge of the pavement and waved at every cab that approached, whether the light on top was on or off, and every cab drove past him.
Landsbury, alarmed, waited expectantly for the visitor. A worn out and drenched Sherlock Holmes appeared in the living room, limping with his left foot. He came and sat down beside us, pouring himself a large glass of whiskey.
When your mind is failing you, who will guide you home? (Hint: Your beloved John Watson, after all, he is always your conductor of light.)
There is a bedroom in the Watson-Holmes household that only has one queen-sized bed. It's the master bedroom with an adjoining bath. It should not come as a surprise as houses have such rooms, but, for the people and the place itself, it was a new addition.
A man in his sixties was sitting in a large armchair. His face was turned towards the fireplace. Deep in contemplation, he appeared to not have heard our arrival. Miss Parker approached him slowly and touched him on the shoulder. The man jumped, turned around quickly, and gave her a scared look.
s something sinister going on, something far more complex than a simple case of a daughter‘s disappearance." My friend surprised me with the urgent demand, "we should disappear as well."
All that remains is the knowledge that when John looks at the sky at night that they see the same stars.
With growing surprise and suspicion, I saw Holmes start and maintain a conversation. He mentioned the surrounding countryside, so beautiful and peaceful compared to London, but also quiet and lacking real entertainment. Soon he caught the interest of Miss Parker. It didn’t take long, and the two were chatting like two friends about shopping, fashion, and the latest shows. The young woman seemed to
Today she wears the dress she wore on the day of the move in. Her hair seemed to shimmer in the sunset. With a twinkle in her eyes, she says:
And then what would become Sherlock’s last words to him: “I may not be the hero of the story anymore,... but I can at least help.”
In our younger days, I could not imagine the other man to use such almost sentimental sentences. Oh, I was no fool; I had learned that behind the mask of a man resembling an automat when presented with a puzzle to solve existed a human heart. A heart that belonged to me, and if his memory did not fail him, for decades now. Watson did not know the exact date, but...
Watson has never been a tall man but time has shortened him further. I do not dare imagine what another world war in our lifetime does with an old soldier like John Watson. His shoulders are hunched now, and I fear that not even a hug would straighten him to his full height.
“Come on now, chin up! Be merry! He only speaks when he absolutely has to!” Sally Donovan is a pragmatic soul, and tonight her comments are helpful. Her own tale is pretty funny too, for one of the youngest at the table, she’s experienced: "I sat next to one man once in the tavern. All evening, he was drinking and eating like a beast. He swore he was starving, and not only for food. Yet, when I had him in my bedchamber at last, he was partly grunting and partly snoring already - and his pick was the size of a sausage!"
Shit! He should have walked. What are 3 miles? 40 minutes seems a better option by now? A quick stroll through Hyde Park to calm his nerves. Foolish to believe he would make it in twenty and in time!
“And in another way, not. Holmes, if you love me, spill the tale. I cannot stand all these secrets any longer.”
When the lovers see each other, their eyes show their determination to meet their destiny. Because Sherlock Holmes and John Watson both are thinking: It's him or no one else.
I ended my speech there. The story of her father's suicide would have been hard for a nine-year-old to bear. Finally, it seemed to me ... A noise made me look up and with great relief I saw the cook appear at the top of the stairs, finally awakened by all the noise, looking scared. Immediately, she spotted Adèle and howled with joy.
Inspector Stanley may not have been a nice or pleasant person, but he was efficient. In no time, the area was searched with care and diligence, including the tomb. Besides the blanket, various objects were discovered, including a plate, a bowl filled with water, a bucket and a red coat with pom-poms. The coat caused a great sensation among the servants: the coat belonged to Adèle Landsbury. However, there was still no trace of the young girl. Was she even still alive?
I knocked on the door to her room. The rest of the day, we spent an almost friendly conversation. Mrs Nordon seemed to be as lonely and confused as I was. She was happy to chat with someone. I played the role I know best: the role of a doctor, offering her a sympathetic ear and giving her some advice about her health.
“You are in luck. The swelling is not too bad. Let us go to the inn. You need some ice for the swelling.”
And it widened as he loved to show off, still did. "Caesar cypher using a left rotation of three places, equivalent to a right shift of 23. I should have seen it earlier, as it’s not the most advanced technique. Historians suspect Ceasar to have invented it, hence its name. Decoded NLOOHU IURO EHUOLQ reads
"Because the police were so sure of themselves. Inspector Stanley assured me that a ransom would be demanded. And if I pay it, I would get my daughter back. This is quite usual in the United States. Yet, nothing happened. It was Jane and my old friend, Sir Robert Noberton, who advised me to bring you in."
HOLMES: When he made a snatch for this one. Now that we have your little memorandum book, Professor, do you think of anything else you would like before Billy goes?
He should stay where he was. Turned back, looking out on Baker Street as if there’s something to see in the darkness of London. There are no stars outside
At least, he proved to be Sherlock left with the villain and left them all behind at the rip. Sherlock chose Alice.
“That’s not important now, Watson. I want you to do something for me. Mr Norton counts on the support of his wife. I want you to go to her house and make sure that he gets no help from that corner.”
In secret, I hoped he would let slip that he preferred my company. Partly, he did as he shuddered and replied, "An hour in Mycroft's company is a trial. A whole day would be close to torture. And I cannot join in the general fondness for dining with elderly relatives, pulling snap-crackers and wearing comical paper headgear."
We entered the house. To my surprise, Crevecoeur Hall was not damp. The rooms were well-tempered, and the decor was tasteful. The master of Crevecoeur Hall was decidedly a refined man.
“As for the author of the article,” said Holmes, shrugging his shoulders, “I couldn't get hold of it. I do not despair.”
thin little moustache, I easily recognized Michael Landsbury without even having met him. The perfect example of a young dandy, playful and arrogant.
“What do you mean? It's her fault that my uncle died. She should be locked up. There's no way she'll inherit anything,” shouted Michael Landsbury.
I reached up to the head and obediently I taped it. The arm released me and as quietly as I could I took a deep breath of air, and turning as I did so, “Lestrade!”
When their eyes met, Sherlock’s eyes lit up. Oh God, he won’t ever look at Sherlock’s deduction’s face the same way, because, in this second, John Watson knew he was spoiled for everything and anyone.
The other rascals didn’t know how to react, yet they were mean but not stupid. They dragged their friend from the street and together they hurried away. Only when they were just vanishing around the corner, they were picking up their voices again.
friend by now. Our pasts forged a bond between us, and even though I did not know how deep the waters were, I trusted him. So far, all his recollections had passed Holmes’ test, and it was not Jones’ fault that my mind played tricks on me.
LESTRADE: —and if you come down tomorrow, there is not a man, from the oldest inspector to the youngest constable, who would be glad to shake you by the hand—
The driver nodded, and we could get into a pretty, well-maintained English carriage harnessed to two superb chestnut horses.
They had stopped at a red traffic light. The light turned green, but the taxi driver did not immediately move, despite the discordant blare of horns behind them.
They looked at the blanket. Mary-Ann screamed. “It belongs to Robert. This is one of the horse blankets. Isn't that right, Emmy? "
Several alarm bells rang in my head, and if they were ringing in my head there must have been dozens ringing in Sherlock's, so you can imagine my surprise when he accepted the offer. Apparently, we had a client.
Mrs Nordon had been hoping for Sherlock Holmes, showing visible disappointment at my arrival. Her once beautiful face had taken on an ash tint, but her eyes seemed lit with a mad fever. An old man was standing near her.
Dr Neil wasn’t so grateful for meeting the consulting detective. He grunted: “Thanks for nothing, Mr Holmes.”
Strangely enough, I had once met Organ myself. He had come to me as a patient, suffering, as I recall from a severe lesion in the lower back which he maintained was caused by a fall against a metal stanchion but which I had little doubt was in fact a stab wound. My diagnosis was supported by his barely veiled threat that I should under no circumstances make known his injuries to anyone else. He had an unforgettable, menacing way of him and I had felt immense relief when he left for my surgery.
You remember that the number of people that could afford to indulge or create something like this was tiny. Ninety-nine per cent of the country are trying to get by, so there are perhaps 400 or 500 families in the country with those kinds of means. It is not just a piece of erotica
He liked Beatrice; no, admired her; no, more, he thought she did an admirable job — a far better one than himself, if he was honest with himself (which he wasn’t).
The old oak tree waving in the howling wind outside creates dancing shadows on the wooden floor; I turn my eyes away from them. It is not like me to imagine ghosts of decades past resurfacing, and yet, I walk down memory lane.
Molly understands more than most of the church service, as her father has taught her Latin in his better days.
The chapter you've been all waiting for sexy times between jinn! Sherlock and mortal!John. It's time for #magical sex.
over at Scarlet. While the older Holmes hadn’t expressed it as much, he considered it his congratulation gift: small mercies, no repeat of the “Should we expect a happy announcement at the end of the week”-text. Scarlet has been at his house already, sneaking out during the night.
Me, looking at myself, and Holmes looking like his public persona, waited in front of the notary. It was freezing, so I prayed that the other witnesses to the last will of Colonel Landsbury would turn up soon.
“Never mind, why I got him. Anyway, I never killed him just for the money. I killed him because he gave me a bad look. He gave me a bad look, and I gave him a bad headache. A bullet right between his eyes. Now, I still have this little problem...”
The next stop, according to Holmes, should be the stalls. On our way there, finally, some more details about the case were shared with me: “Watson, it is probably high-time that I should give you some more details about our client, Mr David Jones.”
In the house, my orders had been followed and tea was waiting for me. The two women, united by fear and grief, were sitting together in the living room. When I arrived, they got up.
While we were wandering through the empty streets of London, Holmes conversed out of the blue about the hypocrisy of Christmas: "They claim that it‘s all about love and forgiveness, and yet? For one day and one day only, the upper-class care that the poor get a meal in their belly, and the day after? They don
“Yes. The story in the Gazette. Regarding yourself and Mr Holmes. Did you know it was in the papers?”
"You're from around here, there's still the local twang to your accent that a decade away couldn't erase, and yet your skin is brown. You've been in a climate far sunnier than this. The wounding is fairly recent. Your hands are used to manual labour, so not a merchant or scholar; but aren't the hands of a serf, and your cloak is not that of a beggar. So: You, John Watson, are a soldier. And as Doyle is the last village along this road, I conclude you return home. It's simple for those who observe."
“That is exactly what I am trying to do, Cartridge, but for a very good reason. Believe me; you will have your story.”
Now, all John had were regrets and memories from the golden days of their partnership. They weren’t two against the rest of the world anymore, but a lonely man whose love of his life only existed as an echo in his head.
I needed Holmes to solve this mystery, and the other, and maybe the third as well (even though I was not sure I wanted to reveal it, the outcome might shatter me far more than any family secret could ever do, as Holmes was my family).
was a horrible place, distributing so-called pleasure in the filthiest manner. The bar was erected as a shipwreck. And let me assure you, dear reader, it was the downfall of humanity we witnessed in
"How's that possible? There are rules, Sherlock. Of course, the two wars happened and in over a hundred years documents can be lost, but why does the old blueprint from the turn of the century exist but the addition is not registered? Rooms can not simply vanish…"
Therefore, we had to wait in front of the inn, next to Mr Cavendish’s little pram. It was harnessed to a single, impressive brown horse, which was as old as its master.
"Sir Robert Noberton is not an unknown name for us," I said, resuming the conversation sometime later.
His normally pale face was flushed, his skin colour almost reaching the colour of his facial hair. His eyes were blazing.
He smoked his pipe so vigorously that his face grew even redder. That he drank coffee today instead of tea, I put down as an eccentric way to express his displeasure.
down on my knees to be on his side, forever. We crouched there, on the rug in front of the fireplace in Sussex Down. Outside the old, stone-built cottage, the wind was howling.
... do you know what is odd as well, Dr Watson?” Before I could inquire, he continued, “That Mr Holmes seemed to be pleased that I have found no trace of my father. Odd, isn’t it?”
This time I kissed Holmes’ hand. When I looked up again, I saw both eyes were wet. I could not keep the distance, as I was only a man. In a heartbeat, we were in each other’s arms again. We held each other close, breathed the now-familiar scent. It
Only in one aspect, Jacob Marley had been "correct": his daughter, Anna Johnson, born Marley, had been sailing with her husband Hans, since Plymouth. Until going on board the
His most precious memory was the one in the drawing-room. London was falling into turmoil. The rip had been opened, and Jessica had been locked into a nightmare. It was a literal nightmare. And yet, they’ve always functioned in scenes of danger.
Greg accompanies John to Tesco. His best friend doesn't ask, he is simply a constant presence next to him.
made me shiver. All those left behind things, creating shadows, creaking in the wind. Dust and dirt everywhere made it easier for Holmes to determine that there was a cellar below.
“I am afraid, not, Watson. It is an experiment of a…” - I witnessed with astonishment and wonder how his normally so pale cheeks redden. What a lovely image of the warm firelight! - “more personal nature. One I dearly hope to depend on the aid of my ever-loyal Boswell…”
John sputtered while the world spun on its axes, “isn’t that what a genie supposed to do? Like, isn’t it normal to grant wishes?”
His hand had found mine again, and with it, my fear vanished. With him so close, I could only see the adventure of wandering through a secret passage. Even if I had been lost, Holmes would always find me. He would me lead to the light, or more accurately, in this case, to the small library. Apparently, the tunnel led to the main house as well.
"That you won't get anywhere now. Rest! It is already late." He gave me a little smile as I got up to go to the bedroom. "Tomorrow, at eight o'clock sharp, we will take the train to Norwich," I continued. "If you wish, of course…"
The detective nodded. "We can extract the housekeeper from the equation for the time being." He lit up his pipe. "Someone has to have inside information…"
It was a piece of fabric, I found out with staggering relief soon. I grabbed it, returning to the outdoors and into the light. There, I discovered it was a big blanket that someone had rolled into a ball.
"As a friend of the family, you certainly understand that I need to know the contents of Colonel Landsbury’s will."
Hoping against hope that the conversation is over now, Watson picks up his tea. It proves to be the wrong decision as Sherlock continues: “And I have to agree: it’s a beautiful day, John. What do you think about a trip to a museum?” Too stunned to answer, Sherlock adds, “Or a concert in the evening? You know that I’m partial to classical. There is going to be a rumoured maestro of the violin to perform tonight in the Royal Albert Hall.”
"If Miss Parker needs a specialist," I continued, "I bow, but I can still take care of her until her doctor arrives."
When Holmes asked about Jones, I told him of Jones’ personal quest to find his father’s dead body and of his hobby of treasure hunting. I could hear myself getting sentimental, and I will be mocked by Holmes any minute now. He surprised me: “Excellent, Watson. You didn’t have another attack today, dear?”
always one hand in our pockets; the rings on our little finger—the symbol for our private vow—were still so fresh.
Because lying there, in this cottage on the Sussex Downs, my Watson by my side, I realise my error: instead of spending two decades away, I could have been here. I could have kept bees if I liked, sometimes rushing out to solve some country crime, while Watson could have written up our cases. We would have drunk tea, shared stories, and danced together in the dark. We could have
There is a roar inside him, screaming against the chains, fighting to break free, but John will battle it down, always has and will. Self-made, self-tortured, self-less: “I… I heard what you’ve said, Sherlock, but...”
Soon, we reached St. James’ Park, opened the gates, and entered. Arm-in-arm, we walked one of the countless paths. As Holmes had predicted, there was no other soul in sight.
"Of course. You have some funny ideas about how to raise children, Watson. Do you have children of your own?
Sherlock Holmes had never been one for the sea, or so he had claimed, but with him standing so close to it, he recalled the adventure stories of his youth and his wish to become a pirate at one point. He could smile at the memories of Red-beard now, focusing on the good days, of playing pretend for enjoyment only, of dressing up, of having all his siblings and his first best friend at his side Toby was their dog now, a real one, no hound but a true family member.
John was a father now, he had responsibilities, and he had promised himself to make a better job of it than his own parents had. He refused to bring Mary into the equation. One day he might address the elephant in the room, but today was not the day (or tomorrow).
Rosie, their daughter, was asleep in the house. Or so their fathers hoped, as it was well past her bedtime. His brother and his partner were babysitting. It had taken a while after the events John had published in a censored version on the blog as
"Isn't it obvious...", and with a grand gesture, he introduced me to his shenanigans, as if I wished to be taking part in it. “This is Steff... She is spanking me because I have been a naughty boy. You know Wilson, I try to be good, but it's not in my nature...
“Scratches. Not one, but many. It has been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me would not treat his one luxury item like this, so it must have had a previous owner. The next bit is easy. You know it already.”
You see: he is a black man. This is a fact he cannot hide, as he stands out in white society by nature.
Oh, yes, Molly can imitate him — and it’s a badge of honour that he smiled. She winked in return. I loved their friendship, and from time to time I played my role as conductor of light with my old medical knowledge.
had committed a foolish mistake as a lad and had agreed with the devil, Mr Marley. He had been the only one to hire him afterwards, the influential businessman had claimed. Years later, it was true. With prospects gone, blackmailed into submission,
“You are a good man, John Watson.” This voice belongs to Mary. He wants to rush to her, explain everything, but she puts a finger to his mouth. “Hush. It's all good, John. We had a good time, and now, to the very best of times, my love. I always knew what a man you are, what you could have become if you had just been more open and honest with yourself. It’s not too late, John. This is your time. Use it well, and remember: you, John Watson, matter.”
“What could you have done, dear? The colonel was distraught. Something must have pushed him to the limit.”
It was the director of the prison who informed us that Norton had escaped. There would be a police officer at the door and, of course, all were searching for him, but the London fog made it difficult.
I do what he did: I help the police when they’re out of their depth. And sometimes, Scarlet and her friends are the eyes and ears in the city we need to catch the culprit.
Returning to Crevecoeur Hall hours later, our spirits were high. My Holmes was in a good mood, and I was smiling. However, we stopped in our tracks, brought back to reality in mere seconds.
That jinn/genie might be sexual slaves to their master is a nod to a fandom classic by mojoflowers. There's a podfic by consulting_smartarse as well.
Holmes’ voice brought me back to the present. “Watson, would you care to join me on a little trip to the countryside, old boy?”
What went unsaid was: why don't you invite me into your house as "normal" people do? And what went not unheard of was because "normal" is boring.
"Your whole attitude belies your words. You sigh, walk, watch me constantly, but understand me! This is out of the question. So stop bothering me with this story."
WATSON: Copyright? What is copyright? My dear man, you know that we are supposed to be living & breathing in the 19th century. Which makes buggery a problem, not so much quoting a book title? That we might or not do things that are mentioned in the book --- that is what could bring us to the gallows. Alternatively, what you intended to do with me on that day in December if I am not mistaken.
John had felt doubt. Once, he had trusted his optimism that the universe would sort it out somehow. That was why meeting Sherlock Holmes was the best thing that had ever happened to him. Before, he had been alone. He owed him so much.
“Oh, I already did. I met him. Do not scoff, Watson, please, my dear. I had to do it. I could not do it with you by my side; it would be too much of a distraction. I could not tell about lovers and you...” I detected a roughness in his voice. He was spotting a real blush on his cheeks now. I wanted to have my wicked way with him immediately, and I was confident that he shared my sentiment. It took him an effort to push on. “And I couldn’t be sure how he would react. No worries, as I will tell him an adventure tale as well, that he had vanished, but only to go treasure hunting. That he had abandoned him, but only because he had realized that he was a man enough to make it without him and that he, the son, who shared the same interest, would surely understand. That he wrote a letter to him to explain it all, but that it got lost. However, surprise, I had discovered it.”
“Oh, yes, and probably it would have been far more if the star witness had not given her testimonial in court.”
It showed Molly’s personal growth that she was surprised but not blushing or stammering. Instead, she retorted:
I made my way to the local church, St. Thomas. The bells were ringing and butterflies could be spotted at the roadside. I fell into an easy step. I had never seen a church so busy in London, not even for weddings or funerals. When Reverend John Taylor came out of the vestry in his robes, I startled. I was no churchgoer, and I felt nervy.
Tired of running up against that wall of arrogance, Holmes stood up and bade me follow him. “Well, Mr Arbucklehurt, we will not waste your time any longer. I wish you a good day. Come along, Watson.
"I am on fire"; it's the quote from Tolkien's, 'THE HOBBIT', aka Smaug's famous line which was performed magnificently by Benedict Cumberbatch.
He was in a cab in London; he was safe and a long way from the war. Taking deep breaths, he tried to calm himself as memories continued to haunt him.
Still tending to his fellow soldier, he had cowered as another bomb exploded and he was showered with earth. Some distance away, an enemy with a rifle had pulled the trigger.
For 231 days John had wished Sherlock to be not dead, but that didn’t mean that he wanted to speak with him
However, I could not even add that it was her daughter's choice and give him some reasonable advice before I got interrupted by our client: "We all know such people are: on every finger a different woman. No, gentlemen, this man was not the right one for my Anna."
“No. Few of us. People know nothing about my people here. They think we grant wishes. If I could grant wishes, do you think I would drive a cab?”
“Michael Landsbury? Bad egg. The Colonel was tired of paying off his gambling debts. But it’s an old story. Michael left for America six or seven years ago.
“Exactly, Watson! Common fern, as you yourself have pointed out in Regent’s Park. What I think happened is that you were an adventurous young man. Maybe you went out for a smoke in the garden. And you saw them descending from the secret passage. I cannot tell how much you saw if it was only a shared kiss or...”
He greeted me as if nothing was amiss with the annoying line of inquiry: “Watson, please, think once more: Does the
I looked at him suspiciously, raising an eyebrow. Holmes was wearing shirtsleeves that were currently covered with pine needles, and I could spot some entangled in his hair as well. It should look ridiculous, but I found it strangely endearing. For a second, I try to reason with myself and wanted to argue that Holmes used to look dirty and unkempt after investigations too. Yet, I could not bear it. Not tonight, not any longer looks made him look human. It was the private side of him. One I know was a privilege to witness, and I cherished it.
I felt the deadly gaze of Mary-Ann on me. I firmly believed that without the handcuffs around her wrists, she would have gouged out my eyes.
"You shared mere speculations with the police but passed it off as solid reasoning, and all of this without consulting me first.”
I said, “it might be good for me. I have a medical paper to write and a period of confinement might induce me to keep my nose to my studies.”
As I rose, I saw a cab approaching on Baker Street and stopping directly beneath the window. The passenger who stepped out was Nicolas Cartridge. An old university friend now writing for the Times.
She stopped mid-sentence, having finally spotted the girl at the table. Her facial expression reminded John immediately of
Instinctively, John wants to rush out and reply: “You’re still great, for me.” But is no good, so he opts for, “You know what hides in the dark, Sherlock. It’s only natural.”
“You know that the criminal mind works in deep and devious ways, Watson. However, don’t worry, old chap, if he gives me poison, I simply won’t take it.” Against my will, I could do nothing but chuckle. It was in my nature to be the merrier of us, and when Holmes' agenda is to lift my spirits, I am lost. His charms have worked on me since 1881, and I have been a more than willing subject ever since. “Let me play you a carol, Watson.”
In the evening, we dance, and Watson hums into my ear. In Baker Street, we could never have done such a shocking thing with open curtains, but here only the crackling fire is our witness.
“Well, someone is certainly in a good mood.” The “unlike someone else” is heavily implied by Sherlock. It shouldn’t irritate Watson either, so he grunts unintelligently.
My mind was on the events of last night. All I could recall from my later restless slumber was some dream-like memory of a
A small smile settled on both of our faces. Yet, I would not leave him so easily off the hook. “How do we continue, Holmes? There are so many mysteries. “
“I concede your point,” I agreed, smiling in return. “However, what is your excuse for indulging in holiday festivities out of a sudden, Holmes? I can recall how little you were inclined in the past. I will whole heartily admit how splendid the room looks now, but I cannot stop wondering what has brought this on, old man.”
he has to be. “I am done with breakfast. I’ll have to go. I’ve got a patient. It slipped my mind.” When Watson is halfway out the door, he babbles on: “Don’t wait for me, Sherlock. Sorry that I cannot accompany you today. I’ll make it up to you.”
The good inspector‘s face turned downcast. "Right on the spot, doctor. I promised my wife to be home on time for once it
There was shuffling with the blanket, shared for the first time. The bed wasn’t exactly made for two men, but Sherlock wasn’t an octopus but a cuddler. For such a lanky creature, he curved himself into a perfect little spoon.
"Jane lied when she said she loved me. What about this child? Who knows if that's not a lie too? Is it my child?"
"A nine-year-old, a ladder, winter, no witnesses. The little girl did not struggle. She offered no resistance. Therefore, she was unconscious. The drugs have been put in his herbal tea, so they have an accomplice there. The case may be more complicated than expected."
She doesn’t need to hear a “Yes” or witness “I do” in the future to know that love has found its way and her part in it. Who knows: maybe she’ll mention to Mrs Turner one day that she, Mrs Hudson, got married ones too?
John realised neither that he had left his cane in the taxi, nor that. The second the wooden door shut behind them, a man, wearing a three-piece suit and carrying an umbrella, appeared. The man got in the car and drove it away.
“And I know him?” Holmes looked at me expectantly. Maybe I would receive a little something, regardless. “I assume you didn’t want to imply that I have something to do with it?” He nodded, suggesting that I should continue. “However, if the treasure were still missing, I would have heard about it. After all, I have been to the church and even asked the vicar. Fair point. I only asked after the grave of my grandfather, but surely, he would have mentioned it? So...”
“Our horse. It is not dead, but it has both its front legs broken. It suffers. If only I had a gun…”
Therefore, the following events I only knew about from Sherlock’s later reports. After having left Baker Street, thundering down the stairs as the door slammed behind him, Sherlock visited Dr Neil in custody.
“Please, trust me.” He spoke quietly and determined. “Watson, go to the hole and climb into it. There you should find something familiar to you. Show no emotions and pick it up secretly.”
It took John far too long that the whispered “Sherlock”, repeating as if it was a prayer, was his own doing.
Sitting in the dark on the stairs of Bedlam, waiting for the linen man to appear, everything came full circle.
Greg has brought over the sledgehammer after a quick text in the concert's aftermath. Once more, he has proven to be the best of friends as he has questioned nothing. All he had said was that John should put some extra blankets or towels down on the carpet. The floor is shabby. But one didn’t want to anger Mrs Hudson. She will be furious about the state of the wall soon enough.
The innkeeper in Dartmoor had apologized for not being able to offer them a double room. Angelo with his stupid candles. There were probably a dozen ongoing bets at the Yard. Every, “I’m not actually gay”.
“Of course. We just have to come to terms with Mr Albucklhurt. What do you think? No more lawsuits, no more scandals and you will raise your child with no problem.”
John wondered if he has ever seen a traffic jam like it. Maybe there had been an accident. Possibly, John mused. Anyway, John could not stop thinking that he would go slightly fast walking.
While I was still turning this comment over in my head because I was not seeing myself sacrificing very much at all, Holmes surprised me with a kiss on my cheek.
“Please, this is a fearful, serious business. There is a real danger.” I put on my doctor voice, hoping that my excitement didn’t shine through. My Holmes always had relished in my thrill, calling it us ‘two against the rest of the world’, but others didn’t understand.
“The Game is on!” Watson shouts when he leaves the office. This, his editor, instantly switches to “afoot”. They’re going to take too many liberties with the truth already; one doesn’t need to butcher up the English language in the process as well.
And then there is her other man. It might be more dreaming but she senses his gaze on her more often. Last month he bought a gift for his wife. It was awkward as he didn't seem to know what would please her. He got cross when she suggested things that women similar to her enjoy. He is a good man regardless, Molly Hooper is sure.
Sherlock shovelled half a dozen pieces of bacon into his mouth, chewed, and wiped the fat from his lips with the back of his hand.
If they are fortunate, only one of them dies while the other has to bury their partner and mourn them forever. It might be a twisted version of a fairy tale, but that's what fairies deserve, don't they?
"Yes, Sir. The day she arrived, you wanted to examine her references and then, satisfied, you hired her on the spot."
wanted to see the lover's reaction in hearing about his wife being betrayed when they were together. In his heart, he feared when he would have seen more interest in her than in him.
Now, most people acted as if they were not even Good Ones. That with fire came demonic power, the Gates of Hell wide open. That someone like Sherlock Holmes, whose gifts abounded with skills foreign and strange for mortals, was a freak. They needed him, but they feared him more. With each passing day, they believed in him less.
"He had to wait before killing her, Watson," said Holmes. “Which would explain why he brought her food, a warm blanket ... She must not die before sealing Mrs Nordon's fate.”
It is what it is: the great Sherlock Holmes is an old man who once or twice could not even recall his iconic line of ‘observe and deduce’.
“I told him, obviously.” Scarlet’s reply sounded not unlike Sherlock 101 towards police stupidity. “Sherlock asked me to give him a hint. Mycroft and I were against it. The plan was perfect, but Moriarty was correct on this account: Sherlock Holmes has a heart. He should have burned it.”
The fact that the Jinn was in the City of Sodom is from AMERICAN GODS season 2. The story around The City of the Lost Towers from AMERICAN GODS. Sadly, that's all the information novel and TV series provided us yet.
“It’s so easy to rile you up,” he turned to me, “and it pleases me to tease you so,” and back was his sweet smile, “that I really cannot resist.”
“To make love?” Holmes asked hesitantly, and when I smiled hesitantly, he smiled back. Silently, we agreed to pretend to never have that slip-up. “Well, it’s not that different from Baker Street, don’t you agree? The only difference is that here is not where we live but we can share the same bed.”
My Holmes knew me too well, the devil! Once more he tricked me and I played along willingly, as it has been since 1881.
It is not what he expected, and he claims it is not what he wanted either. The second part is a lie, but Dr John H. Watson is very good at self-denial.
into town. In Norwich, Holmes wanted to meet Inspector Stanley. We found him at the police station. He was a sly-looking little inspector who reminded me of Scotland Yard's chief inspector, Lestrade. The great detective did not please him.
“It looks splendid, Holmes, as you will know yourself very well,” I said, a bit teasingly in return. I approached him and took a few ribbons and some candles, intending to help him. “So you decorated the room,” I carried on, “while poor Mrs Hudson will take care of setting up Baker Street on her own?”
Children were out on the streets. They were having a huge snow fight. Wiggins was putting his observation skills to another use. Holmes wasn
My first idea was to wait for Cartridge to give up and go away. However, there quickly came a second ring and with it a call from the street through the now open window.
I turned and saw Sherlock Holmes near the big elm tree. My companion must have returned without my noticing. He seemed to have aged ten years. His arm was resting against a tree, his forehead against the trunk.
HOLMES: Just what I want. I am bored with my present tissues, and I am trying to get a brand-new lot.
Immediately, there was movement in bed. Sherlock gave a hesitant kiss was on John’s shoulder. The battle scar remained, but the sentiment had changed: John welcomed it as a reminder that all of this was real. He was home; now, he believed he was truly alive.
It was indeed less than a minute before we heard the door of the front of the house opening to the laboratory and what sounded like two men.
Make no mistake: the townspeople inquired about his father's health. They brought flowers, cake and soup. They offered to pray. And they meant it well because they are not a bad lot, they are simply terribly human. They mirrored her own helplessness. They feared that this disease is contagious. Oh, how James Moriarty turned from an eager suitor to dropping her like a hot potato. It hurt immensely. “Surely, you understand, my dear Molly, but my precious mind…”
For a second I am furious with myself for having abandoned my initial plan to put on a disguise. I hadn’t wanted to repeat the return from my first exile. Far too painful is the memory of the good doctor’s fainting. Back then I had mumbled an “I hadn’t suspected you to be so affected” as an apology.
"Good. Thank you, guys!" Greg nodded to me, acknowledging that Sherlock had spoken for us both. I plastered a smile on my face and pondered how I could sneak into the bedroom unnoticed again to fetch my gun.
“Yes, Watson. Because I love you too. I am a fool, my dear, as I only realised it when you were ill. The thought of you dying was unbearable. However, as you know me, I had to test that hypothesis. I was already willing to go to great lengths to help you—and going to the countryside is something, you know how I detest leaving London—but was it real or just the aftermath of a great scare? Therefore, I left you, to see if I could do what I do: continue to work as a detective. It was horrible. Yes, I made progress, but I did not care about the case. All I did was construct other ways to communicate with you. I did not spy on you, but I will admit to having done more deduction games about you than the suspects in your absence. I needed you by my side, it was rather elementary.”
comes to one’s mind, obviously. There, we let the criminal go because he did it out of love. Why would it here any difference? Because they were men? That would make me a hypocrite, as I love you as a lover and not just as a friend. The crime is only a crime by society’s standards. I hope that one day it will be no crime anymore. However, I do not think that we will be alive by the time that day arrives. Therefore, it is up to us to choose. “
The same results in the morgue and lab: poisoned before the crucifixion, but this time with a different toxin.
“You mean he would deduce all the questions she wanted to ask and declared them dull or boring or both?”
“What I want to express is that it affected you, but not how the church or society expected it to. It was an awakening, so to speak. However, you knew you had to go back to London. You would have joined the army at one point, become a doctor, a respectable man. It shattered everything that you have known about yourself, and therefore you hid it away. Maybe you told yourself when the drinking of your brother became so severe that it was an outcome of this too.”
He’s not sputtering or lost for words. A gaping goldfish is certainly not an accurate description of him, mouth hanging open. Thank God, he’s sitting in his chair in his office.
Echoes of pep-talk flash through his mind: Don’t let your head fall or tighten your shoulders. Smile but never grin like a fool. Short answers, precise but never impolite. Always nod whenever the jury asks you something at last, as it is all a game to the Holmes' family. Make them proud, and maybe they'll scold you less.
"These are the sacrifices one makes for one's country, Watson," said Holmes, pulling at his little tuft. I shook out of my reverie. He might be retired, but he is still an observant man. No one knows me as well as Holmes. No, not even my Mary, who was buried for so many years and who had always ignored what I did behind her back. What was Holmes saying?
221b had been a comfort and a safe harbour when I returned from the Afghan campaign. Even most common folks would have laughed out loud by that admission, as Holmes was anything but a balm for distressed nerves. Yet, it proved correct what someone had once said about me: I had needed exactly that, a man who kept me on the toes, challenged me day in day out (and not only my patience), and who had given me purpose in life.
The Bar of Gold has seen better days. Nothing was shining here. Even the streetlights were barely flickering. The outside and inside were shabby, worn, and weary, like its guests. It was full of people milling around. It was loud. Some were talking, some more screaming or yelling, as if the people next to them were deaf. Some were laughing, giggling, even I couldn’t be sure if it wasn't because of too much alcohol involved.
I was not pleased that we had to delay Mrs Hudson’s excellent supper to investigate what precaution the prison had undertaken to prevent any attempt at Holmes’ life. That bastard, when he made sure that he remained in his cell, he even had the cheek to say, “I wrote soon, not now”! That man did his uttermost to ruin our Christmas.
The place in which my memories were stored for so many years is getting more vacant with every passing day. Once, I could walk in the vault as if my mind was a real place: one-step right, one-step up, one step wherever I wanted, and I got my memory and hopefully a clue to solve the case. Alternatively, to impress Watson and to prove to Scotland Yard that Lestrade might be the most competent of the lot, but I’m his superior in cracking difficult riddles.
Jones’ voice was raised at the end; his outburst did not go unnoticed by the surrounding people. There were some looks, so we hastened to rein each other in. He took a sip of his drink to settle his emotional state. As I took a breath to control my piqued curiosity.
As if reading my mind—which not even Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective and the love of my life, was able—Holmes suggested, “let us smoke one last pipe, our work here is done. Perhaps we will reach the afternoon train to London. We will be home for dinner.”
Entering our living room, and it never ceased to amaze me how Holmes could switch moods, was a certain Jacob Marley, a wealthy, elderly man, a money lender by trade.
Well, I have to be honest: Sherlock was special. But he is… Sherlock Holmes was a great man and in some ways even a great one.
Holmes’ demands echoed in my head. Check on Mrs Nordon? Was my partner afraid she would run away? That she killed herself? That she is killed? What questions! After several minutes of mortal boredom, I went check on her.
Holmes was hit by the blow, even though it went unobserved by the inspector. We hurried to read the article together. It was from
Instead of explaining, he ordered me to go to Crevecoeur Hall alone. There, I should wait for his return.
A sleek car, almost a limousine, drew up beside John and, grateful to abandon his train of thought, John got in.
She burst into tears. Her shoulder shaking with convulsions. The young woman was hysterical, I concluded. She would drive herself mad when she continued this path. At least, in that regard, I had to agree with Inspector Stanley. Hurriedly, I gave her laudanum and urged her to lie down on the mattress.
Sherlock remembers remixes. He, who always loved to spot patterns, creates his own. There ought no same leitmotif in different etudes, but who says that you cannot create their own?
Sherlock knows he has to put the brakes on, even without having a driving license. Yet, not even picturing Mycroft naked seems to do the trick because his transport betrays him. It switches the body with James Bond in
Join me in your father's vault. I have some revelations for you about Mrs Nordon. Come alone tonight at eleven o'clock.
He has served as the judge in a criminal court before. His earnings have made him a great and powerful landowner. He knows well that trades made his fortune and that if he does not please the merchants, it will be his downfall. Because he has memorized all the laws, court cases, and decisions in England over the last 300 years, Mycroft Holmes can write the perfect legal document.
, and it helped me to navigate Sherrington easier. It was a small town, with only 500 inhabitants. If I stayed here for a week, I would surely know them all.
We entered a fairly bright room, clean and neatly tidy. A pleasant smell of cake hung in the air. A lady in her eighties was busy baking scones. Tea time couldn't be that far away. There was a door at the back of the room leading undoubtedly into the garden, which must have been more practical for working in the vegetable patch. The cook turned to us, a broad smile on her lips.
"Love is kind," Holmes had replied quickly and had taken it out of her hand swiftly. "Love is simple," he had added, and then had the young couple walk away.
When he moved his eyes from the mans form, he noticed the man was casually leaning against the door and that he was chewing some gum, while looking intently at Sherlock, who looked rather annoyed he had to be looking at him. "Heyyyy, sherly" the man purred, he had just used a pet name, so Sherlock knew him, Johns head shot up to look at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes at the man, "Hello
had busied himself by getting the riding crop off of the top of the box and returning, his face no longer cold. He looked at John like he was preparing for the worse, but John just smiled at him, John knew it was all in the past and they had just been young men at the time and he felt sorry for the man as so many people had fell for Sherlock before him.
John was starting to wonder if all the Holmes brothers spoke in rhyme, even if Marcus is a lot more normal than the other two brothers, he is indefinitely a Holmes. "Right, as much as I would love to stand around and try to piece together what you are talking about, I don't think I have enough time too" John crosses his arms and looks expectantly at the two brothers.
Sherlock stood and walked around the desk, Marcus looked up sensing that Sherlock was next to him, "their only young men, Sherlock, their too young to know what death feels like" his voice is only a whisper when he stares into Sherlock's eyes, his voice breaks, "they are just like me, back then", Sherlock then raps his arms around his brother pulling his brothers head to rest against his stomach, he rubs his hands over his brothers back soothing him, "I know and that's why I am going to solve this case for you, because if it was you who had been killed, I would not have stopped till I found who did it" Sherlock's voice was low and soft as he spoke.
" because it was a training room and it is Peters job to train the new sex workers and strippers and show them how best to please the customers. John watched as Peter ran his hands down Sherlock's Sides, Moving effortlessly over his ribs, "What I want to know", Peters voice spoke braking threw the silents, that had come over the room, "Is who damaged the merchandise", He runs his hands over some scars and cuts Sherlock had gotten from getting to close to criminals in there adventures.
"You can tell John, Peter. I trust him" Sherlock turns his head to John a bit looking at him before going back to his shirt. Peter looks a bit taken back before he looks at John again, "I have been Marcus best mate for year before he got kicked out of his house and everything", he stops cringing at the memory, "Well I met Sherlock after hanging around Marcus for a while, I was one of Marcus older friends and I'm only a year older than Sherlock here", He nods his head towards Sherlock, who has a light dusting of pink over his cheeks but turns his head away from them, John cocks his eyebrow at this. Where was this story going. Peter carry's on, "Well, when most people laughed and ignored him, I thought his intelligence was amazing, I quickly became attached to him" He smiles fondly at the memory, "Well one night there was a massive party at the Holmes residence, the Holmes parents had left on holiday and left Mycroft in charge", He turns to Sherlock, who is now standing up straight with no top on, listening to Peter speak, "Give me a second John, I need to do my job at the same time", he smiles at John before turning to Sherlock, "Well it's been a long time since I have said this but,
Once the man recognised who had entered the room, he shot up out of his seat. Now that he was standing John could see that he was about six foot, very Holmes like, his shirt a lot like Sherlock in the way- it look like the buttons were about to fly off, it was slightly undone a lot like how Sherlock has it and John could clearly see that he had a lot of curly dark brown chest hair. His shirt, tight dress trousers and shoes, were all complete black, his sleeves where rolled up and John could see his thick arm hair. All of his clothes looked expensive and the sliver watch that was adorned on his wrist, strongly resembled a Rolex and judging by the way the man was dressed, it probably was.
"Well anyway, so Mycroft was out, so Marcus decided to have party, probably the biggest one I have every been too, everyone I knew was there", He moved Sherlock back down into the position he was in before, "but I was only looking for one person that night",
" John says dangerously, he doesn't look at Sherlock, for fear he would question his blush, "why the hell did you buy me underwear?!", John checked the size they are defiantly for him.
" Sherlock spits the words like venom at Mycroft. Family? John wonders, when has Sherlock ever taken interest in family- apart from the one time he addressed john as it.
there? Attended his own funeral, hidden or in disguise? Sounded like something he might actually do. But why should he? Just to see how upset they’d all be? The anger had resurfaced for a moment there. Until the thought arrived that Sherlock might have attended his funeral not to see people be upset, strictly speaking, but to see if anyone
Mary looks suitably scandalised and John quickly realises that this is an adventure he hasn’t previously felt the need to share with her. He, on the other hand, is finding it difficult to avoid smiling a little at the memory.
Sherlock and Jim arrive at Battersea Power Station. Jim has, without Sherlock knowing it, arranged for John to be brought there. John represents Sherlock's emotions, so Jim tells him he must rid himself of John to rid himself of his emotions. It's the final step of his transformation, but Sherlock can't do. Even though he knows that leaving Jim means going back to his lonely flat, in the end he would rather sacrifice himself than John. He decides to turn his back on Jim and leave.
The whole matching set of mittens, scarf and hat is actually a present from Sherlock’s mom and dad. As though their penchant for overspending on their children around Christmas wasn’t hateful enough as it was, now, with the arrival of what Sherlock’s mother can’t stop referring to with pride and joy as “their first grandchild” (not that there’s another on the horizon, as far as Sherlock can tell), they’ve really taken it to new heights with packages of advent presents for Rosie and batches of homemade Christmas cookies arriving in the mail before December had even properly begun.
wish to return to Sherlock’s hospital room. There’s no telling when Sherlock might wake up again, but John can already feel a certain anxiety creeping up on him from somewhere in the back of his mind.
John is there when Sherlock wakes up again. It happens as suddenly as the previous times, a transition from deep slumber to full awareness within just a few seconds. He looks around, gaze sweeping the room from wall to wall, but there’s no detectable change in his expression as he takes in the scene. Forget everything about observing, it’s debatable if old Sherlock would even have classified this as seeing. He’s still well and truly under then.
He’s trying to convince himself of a lot of things at the moment. That he isn’t hurrying back to Baker Street in a way that makes the ordinary pedestrians step aside with a barely hushed word of complaint or an annoyed glare at the very least. That he hasn’t been expecting Sherlock to show up at the clinic all day and mistakenly assaulted at least two patients just because they looked suspiciously like someone in disguise. That he isn’t going to Baker Street just because Mary told him to. The last one is true. Though he is loath to admit it and though he’s still spent much of the day debating this with himself, the truth is that he had already made up his mind last night just before falling asleep. So he also has to try to convince himself that it wasn’t the thought of going back to Baker Street that finally allowed him to get a couple of hours’ sleep.
It had lasted no longer than a couple of seconds, three to four in John’s estimation, but it had felt considerably longer. Then Sherlock had turned around and headed outside, the moment broken.
Moriarty tilts his head to the side and meets his gaze, a playful smirk on his lips. “You better not.”
But then again. Sherlock’s brain works differently from everyone else’s. This John knows. Who can ever know what’s going on in that brilliant head of his? He’d certainly seemed more than a little surprised to hear that John consider him as his best friend, a fact that John had thought was perfectly obvious. His list of friends isn’t long, half of them are people he has met through Sherlock for Christ’s sake, and the distance between his number one and two is considerable. If Sherlock didn’t get that until John spelled it out for him… well, perhaps Mary’s theory isn’t so far out after all and John vows to let Sherlock know exactly how things stand.
Of course, Sherlock can’t tell any of this to John. Words are not exactly his strongest suite and sentiment even less so. As he looks back out at John in the kitchen, watching him frantically moving from the table to the countertop with a half-empty bottle of champagne, he can’t even get himself to convey the general idea with simpler words. “I love you”, “You make me happy”, “I’m grateful to you” or even bloody “Merry Christmas” to signify that he does actually appreciate what John is trying to do here… all of those would at least go some way towards explaining how Sherlock feels. He just can’t. The ability to express these things is just not in him, neither in nature or in nurture. He might pride himself on his lack of sentiment most of the time, but sometimes his inability to properly express what he’s feeling is… not good.
"well yes, all my best workers to and some of the most popular dancers as well", Sherlock thinks for a second, then looks back at his brother,
John got up and stretched, "I'm gonna make some tea, do you want some?" John asked Sherlock over his shoulder, as he walked into the kitchen. "No, sorry John, I won't be having tea today" Sherlock bounced up and rushed to the door, "I just need to pop out to get some stuff" He raped his scarf around his neck as he talked, "I will be back about six, don't worry about me" Sherlock grabbed his coat and ran down the stairs, "oh, alright then, see you later I guess", John shouldn't be surprised, Sherlock had just got case, hes probably going to go to Greg or Molly. John turned back around, just as he heard the door to 221B slam shut.
Sherlock nodded, turning back to the washer as he loaded the clothes in. He hit start and sighed, wondering if he had just made his first mistake with the Captain.
Sherlock sighed, tilting his hand as he started a more accurate observation of the Captain. "You were shot in your left shoulder, inches from your heart. By the way, you have been wheezing the entire time we have been talking. It could be pneumonia starting or you contracted tuberculosis overseas while recovering from your shoulder wound. They didn't give you that vaccine before shipping you over, or did your pride tell you that your immune system was strong enough? You are left-handed. Judging by the tan line on your left wrist I say you have been back in England for about six months, England doesn't get much sun. Let me see your phone." Sherlock demanded.
“Ten! SWAT move in! Move in!” Lestrade yelled as the SWAT began to beat down the door, the wood splintering with each hit of the ram. There was a hole made in the door next to the handle, an officer reaching in to loosen the knot on the door made by the jumper tied to it. The door flung open and SWAT moved in with Lestrade leading with his pistol drawn. Lestrade’s heart stopped as he saw the situation in the restroom, Sherlock and Arthur down on his knees with John standing over them. Two pistols in the Captain’s hands with the barrels pressed to the back of each of their skulls. “Whoa! Whoa! Hold it! Hold it!” Lestrade ordered the team, holding his arms out to pull the men back. He held his arm out to John, palm outwards. “Listen, you don’t want to do this.” He pleaded with the Medic.
“Just a minute!” Kaitlyn called, turning her attention back to the men below her. “Sherlock come on. It will be okay, I promise. Just take my hands and we will get you back home, okay?”
John scoffed at that. "Oh please, I think you are amazing." He said honestly, not looking up from the map. Sherlock blushed a deep red at that, it spread to the tips of his ears.
Lestrade looked to Sherlock who had been uncharacteristically quiet through this whole ordeal, the Detective was merely watching and analyzing like his brother, his head cocked to the side. "Sherlock!" Lestrade yelled, snapping Sherlock out of his trance. "Is this really the type of friends you want to be making!?" Asked the Inspector who put away his gun and fumbled with his keys for the handcuffs. Sherlock smiled.
The Captain looked down Wardour at Sherlock, their eyes met in the beautifully lit up street full of Chinese lanterns and the glow of neon signs of closed shops that surrounded them. Everything seemed to slow down, from the sound of sirens to the men and women screaming at him to make a decision. He blinked, his heart was beating slow as warmth overtook him. He swallowed hard, tilting his head at this stranger. He had no choice but to trust him. "Go! Follow him! Now!" Down Rupert Court!" The Captain said as he shook himself out of his trance, taking off with his platoon towards Sherlock who stepped aside to let the men and women rush past him. "You too!" The Captain said as he grabbed Sherlock by the shirt collar, nearly dragging him as he slid around the corner.
"You." John said, sitting upright and looking over the Detective a few times. "You are Sherlock Holmes, aren't you? I have read about you in the paper a few times, you are the guy that solves all the cases for Scotland Yard. Why are you helping me?" John looked around in a panic, eyes wide as he scanned the area for cops. Sherlock grabbed his hand though, his eyes almost pleading.
"By your instructions, Captian." Sherlock dug out a map from his peacoat and spread it across the tabletop. "I know you have a pen, Captain. I want you to mark the locations of your patients, then I want you to write on the back the health concerns of your patients and the medicines they need."
Sherlock cocked a brow, studying Kaitlyn’s demeanor and to where she looked. “John?” Sherlock asked quietly, turning towards the Captain now, hand still in his. “Were you and Colonel Moran a-…”
John chuckled; mask pulled up over his nose once more even though he was dressed in the clean clothes Sherlock provided him after his shower. “I just hope Gladstone behaves for Mrs. Hudson, though I have a feeling that when we come back, he will be dressed in a freshly knitted sweater made just for him.”
"Like help a group of vigilantes escape into the night while the cops are chasing them?" Mycroft asked with a short burst of laughter, a hand pressed over his chest. Sherlock looked away and down to the floor as he cursed under his breath. The blush never fading from his cheeks.
John stood now, still smiling. "What makes you think I am wearing boxers to begin with?" John asked with a wink, heading towards the shower now and leaving Sherlock stunned in his seat. Oh the mental images he was having now.
"Yes, I suppose you should have." John was looking around now, for cameras and cops. He sighed, slowly taking off his mask to eat.
“I do, don’t I?” John asked with his own purred, his hand sliding just under Sherlock’s ass and holding his leg gently. His fingers feeling the tight jeans against those long legs he loved.
"After you make tonight's announcement about taking a few days off... Would you like to stay at my flat? Just for the few days you are not working, that is. I think an actual bed and warm air would do you good, I have to admit that the wheezing is concerning me."
Sherlock could not run twenty-one miles, and he was not sure if the Captain could either. Sherlock pulled John into an alley way off Lansdowne Road and into the shrubbery next to a little bare patch in between some houses. John and he began to laugh in the dark, pulling each other into a tight hug, swaying with each other in their arms. “That was quite the night, Captain.” Sherlock purred into John’s ear, pressing a kiss into his blonde hair.
“What like a psychologist?” John asked with a smile, scoffing at the idea. “I don’t need someone poking around in my head.”
The man raised his head, blinking in confusion for a moment before a smile spread across his face. "Captain?" He asked as John pressed a finger up to his covered lips to signal him to lower his voice. But he was smiling too, it was good to know that the homeless people could see through his civilian disguise. "I'm okay, just cold... You know how it is." The man said with a chuckle, rubbing his arms. "I don't think anyone here is sick, just trying to stay out of other peoples' way."
“What?” The SWAT officer asked looking over his shoulder only to catch a bat with his teeth. It was the little girl that Sherlock had seen on Twitter in the video with John, she had a pretty good back swing for a six-year-old.
John head side to side, stretching out the tense muscles in his neck as he looked at Lestrade with a scowl. “Maybe I do. Maybe I want to relive my days of painting Afghanistan’s sand with brain matter.” He growled out, sending a shiver down Sherlock spine. Dear god, why was that growl sending his blood flow south? “Maybe I want to shoot these two and take a couple of you out with me?”
"Ah! Sister! I should have considered that." Sherlock said with bright eyes and a smile, his fingers drumming on the table.
Sherlock shook his head as Arthur grabbed him now, pulling him away from John. “Sherlock, they won’t shoot us. I promise you that they will not kill John.”
John stood at the end of Regent's Park on the Outer circle left of Macclesfield Bridge, he was observing, watching for cops. He looked dead ahead to The Hub across the grass where this person told him to meet them, he could see a figure sitting at one of the tables outside at a picnic bench. He weighed his options, wondering if this was a trap, or indeed a friend. He sighed, adjusting the duffel bag hanging off his left shoulder, his hand resting on the thick canvas material. He started to walk out of the park, shaking his head until he heard his phone beep with a text tone.
“John.” Sherlock said quietly, his heart hurt for the man.“You couldn’t have saved them, not from a headshot directly to the center of the skull. The chances of living from a fifty-caliber bullet to the brain are next to none.” The Detective said gently, knowing statistics helped him feel better. But he was not sure it would help John any. Grief was grief and it always took time to process. “How long ago did they pass away?”
To say John was surprised would be an understatement, this really wasn't what he was expecting when he came to The Hub. "Um, okay." He mumbled as he pulled a pen from his trouser pocket and started to mark the locations. "You think of everything, don't you?" John asked with a smile, glancing up at Sherlock as he worked.
"I'll tell you that in a moment." John said, his voice sounded flat. Almost sad. "It's a uh... Long story."
Sherlock pointed the gun at Lestrade crotch now. “Well, then I suppose Mycroft will be icing something else tonight.”
John went to open his mouth as Hughes jumped down, swearing as he grabbed his prosthetic leg, the mix of the cold air and the drop hurting him bad. “Sherlock, I don’t know what to… what to say.” He whispered as Hughes went to help Briars cover the windows. “How could you, Sherlock Holmes, love someone like me?” He asked in a whisper, the tips of his ears red from the blush.
Sherlock couldn't help but chuckle at that, hanging his head and shrugging his shoulders lightly. "How many times do I need to apologize for that before you let it go?" He asked, making Mrs.Hudsone giggle as she turned back to the kitchen.
John smiled, standing as well as he placed his mask back on. He took Sherlock's hand into his, squeezing it tight. "Call me John, Sherlock. It was nice meeting you too." Sherlock's heart fluttered in his chest, he was finally able to put a name to the face of the legendary Captain.
"Oh, is that who that was? My apologies! Really I mean it!" Lied the Detective through his teeth as the handcuffs were clasped around his wrists. Donovan stepped out from the alleyway behind her boss and then rounding around to the front of Sherlock who laid on the cold ground.
Sherlock nodded, exhaling softly, thankful that he was not cheating with the Captain but now focused on what Colonel Moran may pull. “It seems I will be competing with a stalker of sorts.” He winked, making John and Kaitlyn laugh.
Sherlock looked towards the door now as Lestrade tossed his badge in, swallowing hard as he looked back to John. “I… I cannot leave you here. Isn’t there some other way?” He whispered, eyes full of worry and distress. “John please, I want to help you. I do not want you locked up for years for taking the law into your hands. I can’t imagine being without you.”
Lestrade let go of John’s throat, holding his hands up as he looked up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, have you lost your mind!? Why are you helping him!? He just held you hostage!”
Mycroft sighed, rubbing his temples as his elbows rested on the table. His eyes closed as he opened his mouth to speak. "Sherlock, please listen to yourself right now. You sound like one of those people who are star struck by this man. A vigilante who has taken the law into his own hands! We have copy cats running in the streets in second-hand military gear! We have protests demanding the protection of this man! This has thrown London into chaos! Why are you protecting him!?" Mycroft asked in a shout.
Sherlock is taken to Scotland yard for interrogation, conducted by his brother Mycroft. Will Sherlock be able to stave off his brother's questions? Or will the number the Captain gave him be pulled from his mind by force?
“Miss if you do not open the door then we will be forced to break it down!” Lestrade yelled, becoming impatient with the stalling.
"That is why I will have my homeless connections helping them." Sherlock said simply, surprising John.
“So, what’s the plan?” Hughes whispered to Sherlock, turning his head slightly to look at him from his peripheral. “You do have a plan, right?”
“No offense taken, Captain.” Sherlock said with a smile, pressing their foreheads together as they savored the quiet and the sound of cars passing by on the street. “But you still owe me that date.” He teased lightly, letting his hands shamelessly slid back to grab John’s ass.
Sherlock looked down at the file, setting his plate aside to pick up the envelope. "Mostly speculations about your identity, all wrong might I add. They can't even pinpoint you from a military database without your name or full facial features. My brother is currently running a full-fledged scan with every soldier in the British Military who has been home within a year." John nodded slow, chewing his food and swallowing slowly.
"There's no smoking in here." Lestrade said seriously as he went to grab the cigarette from the Colonel's mouth, but that was a wrong move. The Colonel grabbed Lestrade's wrist like a vice, throwing him forward and placing a hard kick to the center of his back. Sending the Inspector tumbling to the floor at Mycroft's feet.
John nodded, opening the door for Sherlock and his friends to file in. “The Lost is members of the platoon who defected to Civvy life, but always willing to lend a hand or get into a scrape if need be.” John stepped inside the bathroom once they were all inside, stripping off his jumper to try it around the handle and stretching it so it reached the first stall door and tied it around the gap. “There, should be a good minute before they can get the doors open if the cops do arrive. Briars wet some paper towels and stick them to that window, we don’t need them looking in here to see what we are doing.” John ordered, clicking the safety off his weapon.
Mycroft pinches the bridge of his nose and draws a deep breath in through his mouth. Sherlock will not listen to him, that much is clear. Whatever words Moriarty has chosen to manipulate his little brother, he’s chosen them well. They’ve certainly had the desired effect. Sherlock seems adamant to go through with this: purging himself of emotion to heighten his intelligence, to become the era-defining genius that Moriarty is promising him he can be. And as much as the thought of the era-defining genius is tantalising to Mycroft as well, at least Mycroft has the cold rationality to understand that, on the off chance that it should actually be possible, it would be way too dangerous and way too uncontrollable. Sherlock’s emotions may desire to rid him of those same emotions the consequences be damned, Sherlock’s mind has the wherewithal to realise how impossibly risky and inadvisable it would be if it could even be done at all. A Sherlock of pure reason, his mind unleashed, turning all of his brainpower to deduction and self-distraction with no moral compass to guide him… the idea doesn’t bear thinking about.
John is no longer as numb to input from the outside world as he was this morning just after Sherlock had been admitted when he sat with Mycroft and felt as though the world was happening on the other side of a window. The final proof is the wave of self-recrimination rising up and towering in front of him when Mary closes the door behind her. John feels bad about his behaviour, his thoughts, his confusion. He feels bad that he’s hurting everyone around him because he can’t seem to get his shit together for five minutes. And he feels relief that he’s alone with his thoughts. And he feels guilt about feeling relief.
That’s what they’re used to. That’s what they do. That’s how the sometimes-balanced status quo between them is maintained.
John leaves it to Mrs. Hudson and a nurse to explain the situation. He doesn’t have the energy for explanations requiring coherent speech, much less tact and diplomacy, and the last thing he needs is to see just a hint of a smirk or the slightest trace of a raised eyebrow on Mycroft’s face. British Government or not, that would be very unwise of him and John prefers not to test him. John can hear the nurse repeating her explanations and diagnoses in the hallway outside, but he doesn’t listen for Mycroft’s response. He feels a strange indifference to it all: to Mycroft, to the doctors, even to Mrs. Hudson. To everything around him apart from the man in the bed. As though everything not to do with Sherlock is happening so far away from John’s current focus of attention as to render him completely emotionally distant from it. The restless anger and frustration trapped inside of him half an hour ago has been replaced with a numbing lack of energy.
John looks back at Sherlock. His lips are pressed together so tightly that they appear as no more than a thin line separating his nose from his chin. His jaw muscles flex uncomfortably. His eyes hold John’s intensely, as though daring him to retreat into the couch behind him. For a moment, John can’t tell if his eyes are still as benign as before. But no. There’s no threat, only intense discomfort. Sherlock would never threaten him.
But he can see all too clearly how that would end. He could laugh right now, shrug it off, give Sherlock a safe, little nudge in a distinctly non-sexual
Sherlock looks at him. The area around his mouth moves slightly, the aborted efforts of several grimaces. It’s impossible to tell whether he’s closer to shouting or laughing. His eyes are blank slates, but of a particularly dark variant.
There’s no one. The realisation hits Sherlock with the force of a small van. Everyone that he cares about is here tonight. Everyone that he considers his friend is here tonight. All three people that he took the fall for are here tonight. Yet not one of them has time for him now. They’re all busy being around less complicated people. Safer bets.
Mary understands, more or less. She knows that talking about how he feels makes John uncomfortable and so she usually avoids the topic. She knows that John still finds it difficult to think about what happened and so she doesn’t try to get information out of him, but rather lets him come to her if he needs to get something off his chest. That’s one of the things about Mary that John has been attracted to from the beginning. She respects his feelings and lets him expose himself to her on his own terms. She understands what he needs. And if she doesn’t understand why, who could blame her? John barely understands these things himself. That took Sherlock Holmes too, apparently.
way, turn his back and return to the telly. And Sherlock would let him, because Sherlock isn’t exactly good with these sort of feely things and, despite his best efforts to keep it a secret, John knows he’s extremely insecure about it. He would probably think he’d once again misunderstood, that he was the one who’d done something inappropriate, and he would let it slide because he’d have no idea how to ask for an explanation, much less start a proper conversation about it.
And the thoughts he has. It’s been so long since he’s been able to think clearly, to observe with precision and deduce with certainty. There isn’t much for him to deduce on in the familiar setting of his own flat, certainly nothing that will allow him to satisfy his own expectations. What he does see, however, is very encouraging. Flat newly vacuumed on a Sunday morning even though Mrs. Hudson only ever vacuums on Mondays can only mean that she has a visitor she is desperate to impress, could only really be Mr. Chinnery, the elderly gentleman from no. 215, who plays the organ in the church on Sundays, so he must be stopping by before that, which would be before 9:00 AM, it’s now 7:30, so he must be here already, which explains the shameful lack of morning tea from Mrs. Hudson’s side. Child’s play and unnecessary information, but
John resists the urge to ask any sarcastic questions about why that may have been the case. He asks another question instead. “How was it different?”
“Sherlock… these people that you… that you recreate… is it just for cases? I mean… is it just victims and potential criminals and… I don’t know, mafia goons?”
And Mary is not like that. Mary is here beside him, holding his hand, letting him sit in silence, understanding him with little fanfare and even less need for recognition.
“Okay, stop! Just stop! Point made.” Sherlock hurls himself into a semi-upright position, as though he meant to get out of the chair and then realised he didn't have the strength halfway through.
“I don’t want you to be normal. I don’t want you to be good. I don’t want you to be anything but what you are. I don’t want you to be anything but what you were
He looks at the front door, silent and tense, then enters and takes the stairs in five seconds flat with a speed, strength and agility that John wouldn’t have ascribed to him half an hour ago. It’s probably ill-advised and John, as his doctor, ought to put a stop to it, but Sherlock is gone before John has time to properly process what he’s doing.
Sherlock’s line of thought is rudely interrupted by Rosie’s exuberant exclamations. Thirty-first time.
A bit of a shorter chapter than usual, but a very difficult one to write. I didn't want to include any additional scenes, I just wanted this chapter to be this one moment, which is why it's so much shorter than the other chapters. While I try to keep my chapters around 4000 words each, I think it's important to let the story decide rather than just trying to reach some arbitrary number. I hope that's alright.
But John has no right to ask. And frankly he has no room to judge either, his own unspoken thoughts and feelings considered. Forcing Sherlock to confide in him on this account without offering him the same confidence in return would not be fair.
Perhaps it’s a matter of sentimentality, John wishing to experience the kind of Christmas he couldn’t have growing up as well as give that sort of Christmas to his own daughter.
Somewhere in the back of his mind there is still the occasional sound of an angry alarm bell. A subconscious warning that he needs to be on his guard, that somehow this is not wholly and unquestionably good. That he needs to be careful or he might get burned by the candle he’s orbiting in an ever shrinking circle.
Sherlock is not stupid. He knows what he can do. It’s true that the idea of somehow enhancing the mental capabilities he’s already endowed with has always been a source of extreme fascination for him, but that does not mean he’s not already the smartest person in the room. Apart from Mycroft and Moriarty, there’s no one who even comes close to what he can do. If all he gained from this was to go from being one of the smartest to being
“I don’t want you to be alone. I know what you say about me and Mary is true, but… but I don’t want you to be alone.” John hesitates a moment. He has to swallow before he continues. “When I chose Mary… it wasn’t just because I like her. I mean, I do, I love her… but it wasn’t just that. I chose her because I was lonely too. So lonely without you…” John doesn’t know what he’s going to say before he says it. The words are not coming from his brain, but from somewhere much deeper inside of him. “I thought I’d lost you. And I thought… I thought I had lost you before I had a chance to… to talk properly with you like this. It was… it was bitter and lonely. Mary was there, as the only one. So I chose her. Perhaps… if things had been different… I would have chosen differently.”
“I wouldn’t be able to do it then. I’ve always tried to keep myself distant, to divorce myself from feelings, from sentiment… I’ve always pretended I could do it and it’s always been a lie. It’s been a lie, John! I wanted it to be true so badly, but I couldn’t do it, I didn’t know how to!”
John is just in the process of figuring out how best to phrase his explanation for staying the night at Baker Street in his obligatory text to Mary when Sherlock calls out for him (or perhaps simply calls out, John doesn’t actually pick up on his own name) from the living room. He promptly leaves his phone behind in favour of checking up on him.
“He doesn’t do anything out of malice. People always think he says hurtful things in order to be hurtful, but it’s not like that. Sometimes I think he doesn’t realise what effect his words might have on people. And it’s not because he’s a psychopath, a psychopath would never make mistakes like that. He’s just not…”
Sherlock is his best friend. His best friend whom he’s now kissed on multiple occasions. His best friend whom he… whom he
Several seconds pass before his brain starts working enough for him to understand where he is. He’s in a bonfire, that’s what he is. He’s still too sluggish to even begin to wonder why or remember how he got here, but the feel and smell of wood and pine needles combined with the sounds of people talking on all sides of him is at least enough to clue him in to his current position. He wants to shout, but the rest of his body is even less functional than his brain at the moment and he can’t manage to engage his vocal chords. He wants to move, the instinct to
But slowly John starts to pick up on minor, yet meaningful changes. John helps Sherlock to bed one evening, balancing him with a hand on the small of his back as he sits down on the mattress, and his hand lingers a moment longer than strictly necessary. Sherlock reciprocates the next morning by leaning in over John’s back as he reaches for the coffeepot, a bit closer than he normally would, close enough for his dressing gown to trail along John’s back in an almost-caress. John in return ruffles Sherlock’s hair when he comes out of the shower and Sherlock’s fingers touch his for a second when he accepts the remote for the telly. Little maneuverings of advance and retreat, advance and retreat, like a dance they’re doing together though neither of them knows the steps. Perfectly in tune, yet hesitant and anxious.
Sherlock strains slightly up towards him in expectation of another kiss, which doesn’t come. Jim continues to talk, either not noticing Sherlock’s invitation or deliberately flat out ignoring it. Given that this is Jim Moriarty, it’s painfully obvious which of the two is the most likely explanation.
Mary reappears in the doorway, shaking out her umbrella. The skies have practically opened up outside. “You should find him one then. Show him it’s still the good old days.”
He’s the one person who hasn’t abandoned Sherlock up until now. Maybe Sherlock can allow himself to hope that Moriarty will prove to be the one person who will not turn his back.
It’s not because John is nostalgic about the Christmases of his childhood. They weren’t particularly Christmassy. On the contrary, his childhood Christmases were always rushed, cheap, depressing affairs, marked by arguments, awkward silences and one too many drinks to cope with it. Anything to avoid a repetition of those hellscapes.
At the bottom of the stairs, yet another door. This one comes equipped with a passcode system reminiscent of a safe.
John’s fairly certain he’s seen more people in the last two hours than he has throughout the preceding 44 years of his life put together. It’s exactly like an action movie with poor visual effects, the people around him bearing a frightening similarity to digitally added extras, each poorly defined and completely indistinguishable from the one next to him until the entire mass of people in the background melts together in your brain and simply registers as “many”. John has been in at least fifteen stores by now and he’s about ready to swear off not only this painstaking shopping day, but the entire Christmas season along with it. Christmas is cancelled.
John will command Sherlock off to bed when his eyelids begin to look too heavy for him. Sherlock will grumble for a couple of minutes, but ultimately go along without a fuss. He will then get into his nightclothes while John goes to fetch him a glass of water for the bedside table (he doesn’t really need it and he’s never asked for it, but it gives John something to do while Sherlock changes, something doctor-y and uncomplicated that doesn’t need any discussion, and Sherlock seems to go along with it just fine). John will tuck him in, trying not to be too domestic about it, and wish him a good sleep, since Sherlock’s sleeping patterns don’t always correspond with nighttime these days. Tamping down his accompanying desire to let his fingers run through Sherlock’s curls has almost become part of the routine.
When Sherlock acts this way with John, John sighs exasperatedly, runs a hand over his eyes and goes out in the kitchen to make some risotto or takes his laptop with him upstairs or, if he’s in a particularly bad mood, puts his coat on and heads out on the street, in short, excuses himself from Sherlock’s presence and leaves Sherlock to be petulant alone.
So John simply nods, firmly but just the once, accepting Sherlock’s apology at face value just as he accepts that Sherlock is currently not in a fit state to discuss any of it with the level of care and devotion that is needed for this conversation.
Sherlock looks up at him, eyes glistening. He tries to stop it, but he can’t, not like John, and the next moment his eyes are overflowing, silent tears running down either cheek.
And just like that, she puts him on the spot. The spot he wasn’t really sure he wanted to end up in and certainly not in this way. He should have planned his words, but he couldn’t bring himself to begin and he wasn’t even sure what he wanted to say. He still isn’t even sure what he wants to say.
John doesn’t seem to mind, though, his own smile deepening in response as he leans in even further over Sherlock’s prone form.
Sherlock nods, but then he hesitates a moment, trapping his lower lip between his teeth the way he sometimes does when he isn’t sure how to approach a potentially sensitive topic.
“It…” A tongue darts out to moisten his lips. His plumb lips. “My Mind Palace… it does more than you know. More than Mycroft knows. It’s not just a big archive of memories and useful information tucked away in big imaginary boxes. It
is, when they’re both the way they are. But also of how, despite them both being the way they are, they’ve somehow managed to get here, to this moment, and it feels like everything Sherlock has always wanted, even if he didn’t understand just how much he wanted it, just how much he
It’s intolerable, it really is. Unbearable. He should be stronger, but he’s not. Time ought to be the cure, but it’s not. His wounds aren’t bleeding anymore, but when was he ever cured of anything the moment he stopped bleeding? Why should he start now? His wounds are scabbed over, that’s what they are. Closed enough to permit him to return somewhat to what could be described as real life and yet ready to be ripped open at any moment. A long coat in the cue for the check out. A mop of dark curls on the other side of the road. A violin in the score of a movie. Two years and he still feels a short, infinitely painful stab at the smallest reminder. No, time definitely isn’t the cure for this ailment. John has grown tired of waiting and changed his tactic.
Maybe there’s a logical explanation. Maybe Sherlock is actually overdosing somewhere. Maybe he’s already dead. Maybe this is just the last few fumes that his drug addled brain manages to conjure up in the last tenth of a second before it shuts down once and for all. But then again, maybe it’s all real. Maybe Sherlock is actually trapped in here. Maybe the whole world has forgotten about him, shut him out, left him here to rot, locked him in. Has he deserved anything better? Maybe Moriarty really is here, really did survive. Does that seem so unlikely? Sherlock himself survived. Why shouldn’t Moriarty?
" John looks around confused again, John blinks, "Just because he's not as smart as you doesn't mean-"
Sherlock turns around and walks backwards into the room, quickly spinning round to map everything out. Sherlock stops and faced backwards to where John and Marcus are standing, giving John a full view how tight those trousers really where, John quickly looks else where. Sherlock turns to Marcus, "you said most of the people disappearing worked as both strippers and sex workers", Sherlock brings his hands to a steep under his chin.
He turns back to Peter, "I apologise for that", Sherlock bounces back up like nothing just happened, while Peter sits on the floor, not knowing what to do with himself, "yeah, Sorry mate", John apologises looking at the man on the floor, John offers Peter a hand up who hesitates, but excepts.
I would love to get some constructive criticism and also excuse any spelling mistakes or punctuation errors I have dyslexia so it can be easy for me to miss them.
When John had finished changing he look in the mirror, it was far from what he would normally wear but we had to admit it did suit him. Sherlock did a great job of picking the outfit, well of course he did he's Sherlock. John had also spiked his short hair up a bit, just to add more volume and to play the part a bit more. when he was about to leave his room, to go see Sherlock, he remembered his that he should get his gun before leaving, just encase. Pulling out of his draw and putting it in his pocket, he reminded him self and they were going to be helping with catching a criminal and it would be needed.
Sherlock smirked. "Oh yes, I have a habit of planning ahead. Some call me 'The World's Greatest Detective.'" He said with a roll of his eyes. "I merely observe, there is nothing special about me."
"Do you really think I would come in here without protection of my own, Inspector Lestrade?" The Colonel asked as he slowly opened his unbuttoned flak jacket, revealing hand grenades with a string tied to each release pin. The Colonel held the string firmly in his hand, a twisted smile on his face. "Captain wants Sherlock here alive, but he didn't say I couldn't accidentally kill him if some hot-headed cop rubbed me the wrong way." He said as he took another calm drag of his cigarette. "I suggest you let me walk out of here."
"What will he think when I do not leave in the morning?" John asked with a smile. "I hope you've already come out to him, I believe this would be an awkward way for him to find out." John said with a laugh.
"Oh yes, I have many connections to the homeless community. You see, they provide me with information as they are the least suspicious people to overhear conversations and such. Some would argue they are invisible to us 'civilians' as your little group calls us. For their information I provide payment. Either in money or food, it is a win-win situation all around."
Sherlock nearly choked on his own spit, his blushing returning. Did this man just call him cute to his face? "Oh, I see." Sherlock said, coughing into his hand as he tried to recover from his shock. "About staying at my flat, are you willing to do that?" He asked, rubbing his chest.
Lestrade sighed, running a hand through his well-deserved greying hair. “I’ll leave one in here, with the door open so you can see everything going on. Okay?” Lestrade asked as he started to pull his men back out of the room, keeping a close eye on the Medic as the team member left propped the door open with his foot.
"You should go through and type them out on the computer, it would be much easier to file them and sort them under categories. Though it is always good to have paper documents, you can take them to court when a suspect you bring in goes to jail." John said happily, rubbing his chilled hands together. Sherlock nodded, that would make things much easier. Suddenly there was a whimper from John's duffel bag, making the Captain gasp lightly. "I'm sorry little guy! Did you want to meet Sherlock and Mrs.Hudson too?" He asked, setting down his canvas bag and unzipping it. Sherlock tilted his head, curiosity washing over him.
John hummed, nodding slightly as his lip was bit. A gasp threatening to leave him. “That sounds like a wonderful idea Detective.”
“I do trust you! But I love you more!” Sherlock squeaked out, stumbling over his words, but it was too late, he was blood red and staring wildly into John’s eyes who was just as red in the face as the Detective was.
Sherlock blushed, but he was smiling even more now. "Toss your clothes into the hallway, I will bring you a pair of pajamas and a change of boxers."
"You will need to know where he is first."  She said with a smile as they walked, the landlady stepped aside as she opened her door and let the Detective in. "You aren't the only Detective in London tonight, have you checked 'the' Twitter, darling? People are looking out their windows and are on the streets looking to meet this man, they've nicknamed him 'London's Batman'. Look." She turned her laptop towards the Detective, the feed with the hashtag 'The Captain' was going crazy. Tweet after tweet was coming in of mostly nonsense and false sightings, London was throwing Scotland Yard off this man's tail. Some were dressed in camouflage and face masks, just as the Captain been wearing tonight. It made Sherlock smile. Brilliant.
Sherlock nodded, making a mental note of the preferred pronouns this Sam used, not wanting to misgender anyone out of respect of their memory. “What happened to them?” He asked as John fished the phone from his pocket, studying the Veteran closely. “I take something tragic happened. Fatally shot?” He asked gently as John turned his flip phone to the detective, setting it in his palm.
The young girl sighed, putting the bat over her shoulder. “Okay, fine…” She grumbled like she was just told to wash up for dinner. “But I want to pet your puppy one day that I saw on the telly.”
John was reeling from all of this. "What? My phone why do you need my phone for?" He asked, but Sherlock was staring at him so much intensity that he dug into his trouser pocket and pulled it out before passing it over. Sherlock took one glance at the front and then the back.
Before Sherlock got a chance to speak, Mrs.Hudson was all over the puppy and cooing at it. "Oh, he is adorable!" She squealed, petting the puppy and squishing its little face gently. "Gladstone you said? What a wonderful name for an adorable baby! Of course, he can stay while you are here! Oh, I just want to make him a little sweater!" That made John chuckle, passing off the puppy to be loved on by the landlady.
“Shit, backup is fourteen blocks away.” Kaitlyn hissed as she put her hand on her service weapon. “Should we call it in?” She asked John, looking over her shoulder.
“On the count of ten we are going to bust the door open, Miss!” Lestrade yelled as the SWAT grabbed the battering ram.
"Yes you can, think of it as an early Christmas present from me. Okay? Besides, I don't need you getting hypothermia, it's supposed to snow tonight." John zipped up his bag before standing and starting to walk away, he didn't want to give the man another chance to argue with him about it. Homeless people were generally very humble, some didn't want any help at all. They felt ashamed of their situation, even if how they got on the streets was a series of bad luck.
"Then it is only time before they find me, they have tried arresting members of my platoon and getting information out of them. Via threats and other nonsense, but thankfully none of my men or women have cracked under the pressure. Then again, you can't exactly threaten us when we have been through Hell and back." John said seriously. "I did three tours of Afghanistan, that is twelve years I had spent over there in the worst conditions imaginable. I'm pretty sure if a person were to hold a gun to my head at this point, I wouldn't do much but become angry." He said seriously.
John blinked, oh he was 'really' starting to like this guy. "But how would they know which people to provide medical treatment to and what medicine to give?" He asked curiously.
Sherlock almost squeaked as blood rushed to his face again, but he couldn't help but laugh. "My brother is dating Gregory Lestrade, the Inspector of Scotland Yard. A bisexual man who was married to a God awful, cheating woman. I don't believe he will be quite at all put off with a man staying the night in my flat, he might even be thrilled. I haven't been known to be a person that gets along well with others."
"Harry Watson, but that isn't your name. No, this is a very old model. This was given to you, I would say a relative. A relative that is an alcoholic, you can tell by the scratches near the charging port. The same scratches you see next to the ignition key of a car of a high functioning alcoholic that thinks they are safe enough to drive. A brother possibly?" Sherlock asked John who was staring at him in total disbelief. "Sounds about right, yes?" Sherlock asked before casually tossing the phone back to the Captain who barely caught it.
"Possibly, I have a very nosey brother. But if you are to dress in a disguise and arrive at my place, my brother may just assume you are a client with a late-night case for me."
Mycroft sat across from his little brother, casually sipping the tea that had been brought to him by Lestrade. His eyes burrowing holes through Sherlock who sat handcuffed across from him in the dimly lit room. "You know how this is going to go, Mycroft." Sherlock said seriously, eyes glimmering with rage as he too stared holes through his brother.
John choked and grabbed the hands around his throat, Lestrade smiled up at him. “I’ve been in more fights than you’ve ever been, ‘Captain’.” Lestrade growled out. “Don’t think just because you’re some glorified hobo that you can kick my ass!”
“Do you have a mobile on you? Go ahead and call the police station to verify it is the police. I understand that you are scared to open the door for me, you make a good point about opening the door for a male knocking on the women’s restroom.” Lestrade said with a small chuckle, trying to sound harmless.
John did as he was told, starting the shower and taking off all of his clothes, except for boxers that he wasn't wearing. He tossed the clothes into the hallway as Sherlock went into his room to grab the clothes he had just bought earlier that day. He couldn't help but look towards the bathroom door that lead into his room, the outline of the Captain could be seen through the fogged styled windows. He gulped, feeling his cheeks burning even more now. Dammit, he was being such a pervert now, but he couldn't help it. Everything about this man screamed handsome and sexy. Besides, he only glanced, it was harmless. "Here are your change of clothes." Sherlock called, setting the pair of pajamas outside the bathroom door in the hallway as he gathered up the old items.
John hummed, nodding slowly. "You are right, I should take a rest. But who would help the people I make normal rounds with? I do have patients, believe it or not. Some of them are children with respiratory illnesses, I can't just stop showing up and expect them to be fine."
"No sir, that number is accurate." Came the giggle again, the Captain blinked then looked back down at the camera. He looked surprised.
It was Sherlock’s turn to chuckle, casually hooking a finger around the Captain’s as they stood and waited for John’s platoon. John hummed, smiling as he moved his hand away to fully hold the Detective’s. There was something so oddly romantic about standing in an empty park, under the moon while on the run from the police. “I think that is them.” John whispered as he saw two figures appearing from the tree lines to their left.
John chuckled quietly, burying his face into the man’s neck. “I like the sound of that.” He said with a smile, breathing him in. “Maybe curl up and watch some telly?”
John rubbed his face, looking to his right to where the park was just a few kilometers away. He was playing a dangerous game meeting this stranger, but he was so curious and he was never one to run away from danger. "Sure, what time?" He texted back, already grabbing his bag and standing.
Sherlock shook his head, smiling now as he squeezed the hand in his. "No, in fact you are just in time for dinner. My landlady, Mrs.Hudson feeds all guests that come into our flat. She is very adamant about getting a warm meal to you." He said with a chuckle, pulling his hand away suddenly as Mrs.Hudson stood at the top of the stairs. He blushed lightly, knowing she had seen them holding hands.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up as an idea came to him, grabbing Arthur by the shoulders and smiling. “You just gave me an idea!”
"Hello again." John said with a chuckle, extending his hand towards Sherlock as he had done at The Hub. "I'm surprised you recognized me dressed like this." He said, motioning to his very plain civilian outfit consisting of a jumper and denim trousers. "I went to a second-hand shop and picked this up, I paid with cash of course. I couldn't have anything tracing back to me if I needed to leave this behind."
Sherlock blushed a deep crimson, his mouth hanging open as he stammered out nonsense, the blush spreading to his ears and almost down his neck. "Nonsense. I do 'not' feel love. It is a chemical defect in the brain that blurs all reasonable thoughts! It clouds the mind and makes you do all sorts of ridiculous things!"
Sherlock went to speak, to say something to shut Mycroft up, but Lestrade opened the door to the interrogation room. A look of surprise on his face. "Mycroft, someone is here to pay Sherlock's bail."
John found himself wandering again, his eyes glued to the sidewalk as he walked. He looked up and observed his surroundings, he was at Harrington Square Gardens. Better known as checkpoint Alpha. He sighed and decided to take a seat at one of the benches, tossing the duffel bag next to him as he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He didn't get much sleep in his nights on the street. Between the live stream that lasted up to five hours, starting at midnight, to wandering the streets almost all day. He was exhausted.
“Take your fucking goons with you or I’ll splatter the Detective’s brains all over the floor.” John growled again, tapping the back of Sherlock’s head with the barrel of the pistol. Mentally reminding himself to apologize later for the rough treatment.
Now Sherlock Holmes wasn't a man that easily caught feelings, so to speak. He prided himself on his cold demeanor towards people and liked to keep his 'friends' just out of arms reach, for their own safety of course. But there was something about the way this Captian looked at him that just made the world feel... whole again. He sighed, looking down at the notebook paper he held in his hands for a moment before opening it. He blushed madly as he realized the Captain had written down a phone number. Oh. Oh, dear. He felt like his heart was going to explode as the tips of his ears turned red. But the feeling didn't last long as he was tackled harshly to the ground, the paper landing in a puddle just a few inches from his hand. "What the fuck do you think you are doing, Sherlock!?" Came an all too familiar voice. Goddammit, Lestrade.
Lestrade scrambled to his feet, rage in his eyes as he pulled out his pistol and shoved it against the Colonel's chest. "You just assaulted and threatened an officer! Hands behind your back, now!" He shouted as Mycroft analyzed the situation before them. The Colonel laughed, it was an ungodly sound. Like demons prying open the gates of Hell.
"I have never felt 'love' before, Mrs.Hudson. You know I consider it a chemical defect that causes you to lose focus, a chemical defect that causes you to make mistakes." He said seriously, dropping his hand to his side.
John hummed, pressing a kiss to the Detective’s cheek now as his eyes adjusted to the dark. Smiling as he looked the man over, his hands coming to rest on Sherlock’s cheeks. “I apologize for dragging you into that mess, I also apologize for hitting the back of your head with the barrel of my gun.” He whispered, finding himself pushing Sherlock gently backwards up against the wall, his hands sliding down to Sherlock’s waist.
"Well they certainly get straight to the point and I haven't seen a dangerous-looking one of them until today." Sherlock said with a smile as he rubbed his wrists as the handcuffs were taken off, the Colonel chuckled at that.
"What the fu-" Lestrade collapsed onto the floor, followed by Mycroft who had quickly pulled a handkerchief from his suit pocket. The Government official was coughing madly as he slid down the wall next to the door as he breathed in the smoke.
“Sherlock!” Kaitlyn called to him; John was starting to panic now, grabbing Sherlock again and trying to force him back over to Hughes.
The announcement aired at midnight over everyone's television in London, England. "Tonight I would like to make an announcement, one that none of you would expect to hear from me, I am sure." John started, a smile on his face below the mask he wore to hide his identity. "I am going to be taking three days off to work on my health." He stated. "I am not sure if the camera is picking it up, but I am wheezing quite a fair bit." He held up his hand as if to calm everyone's nerves, the smile never leaving his face. "Don't worry about me, I am sure that is nothing but the cold air getting to me. As for the patients that I see on regular nights and days, my platoon will be checking in on you along with some help that I have... Let's say hired. They will be coming around with medicine, blankets and food for all of you. You will not go without in my absence, I have made sure of that. As for the criminals in London, do not think for one moment that this means you are safe. You aren't, you will never be safe working within London. My team is still out there looking for you and they will stop you." He said seriously, that trademark smile fading into a serious scowl. He raised his head then, nodding towards the camera to an unknown individual that was operating it. The feed clicked off after the brief words of the Captain, everyone's reflections staring back at them from their television screens.
Sherlock sighed with a smile, shaking his head at how silly, yet how happy Mrs.Hudson was. "Her word is law in this flat, so yes, he can stay with us while you are here. I would hate for him to go without his training and lose any progress you have made." The Detective said seriously. "Though I would like to see the commands you have taught him, I use to have a dog myself as a child. Though I never really trained him, he was more of a best friend that I got into trouble with."
John just stared at Sherlock, his expression blank and full of so many questions. Sherlock was use to this look. "How did you do that? What are you?"
Lestrade almost flinched as the gun was aimed a little too close to home, scowling at the three as they carefully stepped over the unconscious SWAT member and ran into the night. They could hear the mob all around them, shouting and throwing things. “This way!” John yelled as he took Sherlock’s hand, running for Walmer Road. “Hughes! Split up! Find Kaitlyn if you can! Meet us at Check Point Alpha!” He called back to Hughes who broke off from the group and ran into the mob.
"Don't worry about the note, Sally." Lestrade said as he pulled Sherlock off the ground. "Sherlock here has the mind of a steel trap, remember? All we have to do is pry it out of him."
John smiled, shaking his head as he squeezed the gun in his hand. “For you?” He asked, grabbing Sherlock by the collar and pulling him into an even rougher kiss. “I’d go through three more tours of Afghanistan for you.”
The little girl scoffed. “I’m six and a half, what are they going to do? Ground me? Besides, I have a mask on like you! He didn’t see who I was!”
Sherlock spun around, grabbing John now. “Take me hostage!” John looked surprised, holding up his hands.
"You must be the Captain! Oh, it is so good to finally meet you!" Mrs.Hudson started down the stairs, but John hurried to meet her halfway, smiling as he shook her hand.
John rested his chin in his hand now, staring at the couch that was up against the wall on the other side of the room. “Five years ago, but the image of Sam bleeding out in the desert sand will always stick with me.” The medic choked up now, biting the finger that rested against his lips. “Those blue, lifeless eyes staring at me as I was drug away in a Hell storm of gunfire.”
John laughed now, ruffling her hair as he holstered his weapon. “Deal, now, run along. Get home safe for me.” The little girl said her goodbyes and ran off into the night away from the shouting mob that was outside. “I have a gut feeling she is going to grow up to be a convict.”
“If you drop me to kiss him, Captain? I am going to kick your ass.” Hughes warned, smirking down at the two men as the vent finally popped off. “Got it!”
"What on Earth is that?" The Detective asked, just in time for John to pull out a four-week-old English bulldog from the canvas bag.
Kaitlyn stepped into one of the stalls, swallowing hard before hollering. “I’m in here! Just a minute!”
Sherlock looked to both ends of Wardour, shit, the cops. They were closing in the paths that lead to the Captain's only way out. No, not just the Captain. Twenty men and women came pouring around the corner of Lisle splitting up as ordered. The Detective looked behind him at Rupert court, there were no cops. He knew what he had to do. He took a deep breath and shouted as loud as he could to the men and women. "Captain! Over here! Down Rupert! There are no cops!" His throat stung, his lungs were burning. But he got their attention, they all stopped and looked in his direction.
“I do hope that you do not plan on me letting you stay here and get arrested by Scotland Yard, John.” Sherlock said with a frown, offering a hand to raise Hughes up.
“Insanity plea! I could actually visit you in the ward and you’d be out in two years max with good behavior!” Sherlock explained.
"Four million? That is half of London..." He said with his own nervous laugh, rubbing the back of his neck as he held the camera a little higher. "Hello!" He waved to the camera, laughing. "I can't believe you all find this entertaining... We are just a bunch of homeless Veterans trying to make a change for the better." He mumbled, a blush spreading to his ears. Sherlock gulped, God he was cute. "Alright, I am going to cover the camera for about thirty minutes to get the Hell out of here and meet with some others from the platoon. I'll uncover it when I get to the location." He said to the camera, digging in his flak jacket pocket for the camera lens. "See you all in just a moment." The Captain said before the cap was placed on, it was nothing but sound at that point.
The Captain goes about his normal duties during the daylight hours, only to be texted by an unknown number.
"Lunch? That is if you are not busy. I was thinking somewhere private with no cameras, maybe Regent's Park at The Hub. I will buy you something warm to drink and some food."
"It was a clean shot, from front to back. Luckily it missed my heart by four centimeters, it tore through muscle and flesh on its way out. I still have some trouble with it, along with my lungs after contracting tuberculosis. I have been so used to scolding hot weather, that I believe this cold air is taking its toll on me. At least, that is what I am hoping is causing the wheezing, though I have been having chills more than normal." John sighed, setting aside his plate as he finished it. Sherlock drummed his fingers on the chair's armrest for a moment, thinking. "I bought you some clothes to wear while you are here, I took your measurements at the park, would you like to get a shower?" He asked, pointing towards his bathroom. "I can wash any clothes you have, that way you can return to work feeling a little better in your old gear."
Most episodes started in some alleyway or under a bridge, but not tonight. Tonight it showed the Captain himself, but not his full face. No, no that would be too much help in identifying this man. He had a mask on that covered the lower half of his face, just up to the bridge of his nose. His eyes were a steely blue, his hair a greasy, greying blonde that was combed back with some effort. It was obvious to Sherlock that this Captain had some sort of a beard growing, it wasn't wild or messy. Just enough facial hair to distort the outline of his jaw, smart really. "Are we live?" Asked the Captain to a person off-screen, perhaps another Veteran who was running the IP address scrambler that Scotland Yard had yet to crack, not even Mycroft's little army could decode it. The signal and live feed had to be run by a Military coder, probably something out of date and discarded, the sound of a gas generator hummed in the background.
John laughed, coughing as he stood up from the Inspector’s chest. “I know better than to argue with a man who has a gun in my face. Maybe you should take the hint too, Inspector?”
John smiled, blushing faintly from Sherlock’s praise. “Okay, but I need to speak to Hughes and Briars about my leaving, I’ll meet them tonight at Checkpoint Omega, Avondale Park. If I do not come back after that, something has happened, and I want you to look after Gladstone.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, huffing as he rested his hands on the table. The metal from the handcuffs rattled lightly against the metal. "I just believe that this Captain is doing a better job at serving London than Scotland Yard ever has. Hell, he is doing a better job than I ever have. I may solve peoples' murders, but he is saving their lives." Sherlock said seriously, leaning back in his chair as he looked at his brother. Mycroft looked confused at first, then his eyes widened, a smile spreading across his face.
“Fuck.” The SWAT member growled as he raised his rifle back up at John, adjusting his position. “I should just shoot you and let this madness end, you are a fucking coward. Taking one of your own hostage along with a civilian!”
"I can't believe it's you!" Said the little girl with a giggle as she was picked up by the Captain who placed her on his hip. "Mummy lets me stay up on the weekends to watch you! She says you are so nice!" The little girl said. She had to be at least six years old and was absolutely over the moon in meeting this stranger. It showed just how much the people of London trusted this man as the woman behind the camera stepped closer to peck a kiss to the man's face. The Doctor chuckled, it was a sweet sound to Sherlock's ears. But he couldn't focus on that now, he was looking at the background. Gathering details from the grainy, dark footage.
Oh? This was... odd. John leaned forward now, elbows resting on his knees as he held the phone in both hands. He was trying to think, but his exhausted mind was coming up with nothing. "Who is this?" John asked again.
The Colonel crouched down as he placed the cigarette back between his lips, calmly lighting it with the zippo and taking a small drag before blowing the smoke in the Inspector's face. "Touch me again and I promise you that I'll skin you like a tiger with a hunting knife." The Colonel stood back up, taking another drag as he looked towards Sherlock now. "The Captain sends his thanks, don't fucking expect another 'get out of jail' card next time. I told him to let you rot in this fucking room, but I guess he likes you."
John blinked, nodding slowly as he lowered the pistols. Quite impressed by the little girl’s aim, dead center in the teeth. “Thank you, but you should really get going, honey.” He explained gently. “A war zone is no place for a kid.”
John looked at the message for a moment, then at the number. This had to be one of his platoon members. "I never asked him, Colonel Moran isn't a man you can exactly sit down and talk to. He tends to go into graphic details about his time in the military. Things I do not wish to relive, you know how it is."
Sherlock tensed as he was dragged, even though he was about a foot taller than this Captain, he found it hard to keep up. He found himself focusing more on the Captain's face than the movement of his own body however, he was so... handsome. "Focus! Look ahead and run Civvy!" The Captain yelled at him, finally letting go of his collar to allow the Detective to run at his own pace. Rupert Court was a small alleyway, maybe two people could run side by side comfortably without tripping over one another.
He was busy, he was always busy. He walked down alleyways and through the shadiest areas of London looking for anyone that needed medical attention. He wore a black surgical mask and civilian clothes to blend in better, especially after the day before. Cops were out looking for him, they were on his tail, looking for him like he was some wild animal loose in the city. He shook his head and smiled, he was just a man, a man who wanted to help others. That was the reason he became a doctor and joined the military, to help people. That's where his heart belonged. This is where he belonged.
John pulled Sherlock into a deep kiss, holding him close as electricity shot through both of their bodies, hands tangling deep into Sherlock’s curls. “Please.” John whispered, inches from the Detective’s lips. “Please go.”
Sherlock went to speak, but for once in his life, he couldn't find the words to express the emotions he was feeling. "Sick? No." He muttered to himself, squinting down at his hand that was held gently by his landlady. "When we shook hands, the Captain and I, I felt something. Energy, like electricity." He whispered, head cocking to the side as he tried to turn inward and study himself. "Like I was greeting an old friend, a friend that I have known my whole life. A friend that I..." He stopped himself, the words leaving his lips in a soft exhale.
“Nice to meet you.” Sherlock said with his own soft smile, extending his hand to the woman who took it with both and shook firmly. “I do hope tonight has been quiet for you both, nothing major to be pulled away from?”
“Remember our deal, Sherlock. I need someone to take care of Gladstone if I get in trouble.” John said pointedly as Hughes stepped up and started ripping off the vent with all his strength. “That dog could track me down in a tornado, you have to trust me.”
“Good find, we can raise them up so they can crawl through when it is all clear.” John said, squatting down some so he could lift Hughes up to loosen the vent. “Here, see if you can pry it off.”
“Then hold it to my back! Do something! Don’t you understand!? My brother ‘is’ the British Government! If you take ‘me’ hostage then they’ll have to make a deal with you!”
Sherlock chuckled as well, he was so tempted to thread his fingers into the Captain's just then. "Maybe so, but you know I am right."
"Oh! Look, Sherlock!" Mrs.Hudson said as she quickly moved to click on one tweet, it was a video of the Captain with a small girl dressed up in a similar uniform, they both looked so happy to see each other. Mrs. Hudson clicked play and stepped back as the video started.
“My, oh my. Sherlock Holmes, the Sherlock Holmes I presume?” Kaitlyn asked as she approached with her partner Arthur Hughes who nodded with a soft smile to the Detective.
“Same here, though I didn’t make a list.” John said with a gentle smile, looking into Sherlock’s eyes. “Listen, if we make it out of here, I’ll take you on a proper date. One that doesn’t involve a public restroom and the cops.” John said seriously.
Sherlock was panting hard as they all exited out of Rupert Court and onto Rupert street, Sherlock knew this city like the back of his hand. "Captain, if you and your platoon keep heading down Rupert Street, to the right, then take a left onto Shaftesbury Avenue you will come to Piccadilly Circus Station on your left. You can go underground and lose them!" Sherlock said through sharp gasps, resting his hands on his knees. Everyone was looking at him oddly, a familiar look he had grown used to by now. But the Captain? He was smiling at him beneath his mask. "Or... Or you can just split up at Piccadilly Lights in the center in either direction you choose." Sherlock mumbled, suddenly feeling shy with the Captain's gaze on him.
“Captain.” Hughes said quietly, staring ahead at the tree lines. “We have more activity on the roads surrounding the park. I have a bad feeling about this.” He whispered, Kaitlyn joining her boyfriend to look out across the tennis courts.
Sherlock inhaled lightly, his eyes lighting up. "He is here, just like he promised he would be." He whispered, flinging open his flat door and racing down the stairs. He stopped though, giving himself a once over in the reflection of a photograph that hung on the wall. He looked, okay or decent really. He had showered and dressed appropriately just a few hours beforehand, black trousers and a silk purple dress shirt. He shook his head, catching himself acting silly, this was merely a friend. Nothing more. He sighed before opening the door. "Hello." He greeted about as tamely as he could, but electricity once again shot through his body as he met those steely blue eyes and that trademark smile.
Sherlock stands up quickly, anger clear as day on his face, "I was there for him when you weren't and you don't think I should help my own brother?!"
In the centre against the right wall, was a large stage, with a runway strip going about half way to the bar. It had stage lights pointing down at it and bright white lights lit up the runway strip and that was the main stage. At curtain parts of the night, strippers would come on and preform, Marcus had said, everyone had favourites and would gather round differently depending on who was preforming. Next to the centre stage there where tables and arm chairs. The front row of the tables and chairs were reserved for V.I.P's, people who had payed extra to sit closer, but the seat further back where for anyone who wanted to sit there and didn't cost extra. There where a couple more booths scattered round to sides of the stage, so people could have private conversations or admire the strippers from a distance. The bar was flat up against the left wall, slightly more to the left side of the stage, making it a bit more off set, as to not draw attention way from the centre stage.
"He's in room ten, go there now, he is waiting" Marcus pulls out a small key from his pocket, it has a tag that reads, "
The back wall was made of a rustic looking wood, while the other sides, where pitch black but the chandelier that hung form the ceiling gave the room a warm glow. In the centre of the room was a large fur rug and on top of it sat a large dark oak wood desk, with two deep red leather arm chairs in front of it and behind the desk was an even bigger winged chair also a deep red and made of leather.
? John begins to feel his blood boil, he had a hating for homophobes ever since his dad beat the hell out of harry for it and her dick of an ex boyfriend how had beaten her and almost killed her because she had said she was gay, he couldn't stand it. Mycroft clearly deducing what John was feeling spoke up, "No Dr. Watson, i'm not suggesting Sherlock doesn't help because our brothers gay, I have nothing against gay people. no, Its simply because our brother is a drug addict and the environment that Sherlock would be entering is filled with drugs and drug users, and because as you know Sherlock happens to be a user, I didn't want him entering such an environment", John un-clenched his fist, that he didn't realise he had subconsciously made and relaxes.
", the last sentence was barked like an army captain talking to his troupes, something John was used to hearing, but surprised when Peter executed it perfectly.
Marcus had told them that on week day that club opens at nine, Monday, Tuesdays and Thursdays, "people are less likely to come to the club in the week days for obvious reasons, family, work, the list goes on", and that it opens at eight on Friday, Saturday and Sunday, "Most people aren't in until about eight thirty though, probably because they want to be in when it's the busiest" Marcus shrugs. Marcus then looks at his watch, "So you still got a little time before people start coming in, its only just turning eight now".
"Hes not like us though, he never excelled in school. He never knew how to deduce..." Sherlock trails off clearly getting lost in his own mind again, John is more than a little taken aback by this news, that there was another Holmes boy and that he was, well, normal. Sherlock starts to speak again, ignoring johns shocked expression, "well he went down a path of drugs, like me, not for the reasons I did but because he never felt like he was part of the family, both our Mother and Father are smart and so are me and Mycroft, he felt out of place, He took a different road-"
"well" John begins to say, it's true, it's not something he would agree to do as he is "not gay" but he saw how much this meant to Sherlock. Not many things meant this much to Sherlock but his brother clearly meant a lot to him and like hell would he let Sherlock go after a killer on his own, "It's to save lives and if Sherlock needs to do this then I will help, plus I don't see it really been Sherlock's type of scene either and he's still wanting to do it " Mycroft looks at John for a moment, then deciding he was happy with what John had said, he stands, "Well then, I guess you can take the case brother of mine, but do be careful" Mycroft looks at John again. Sherlock who was looking at John in fascination, like he had just been given a new type of Bactria to study, turned to look at Mycroft, his eyes hardening again, " I don't want your
"It's just been a long time John, i'm fine" Sherlock moves away from Johns hand and knocks on the door.
I'm revisiting my work, i have found new inspiration and i'm updating my work and adding new chapters.
Sherlock doesn't respond at first, but as soon as John looks up at him he starts to speak, his head turned from John as he does, "John don't be an idiot, this brand of underwear is specifically one, that a lot of gay men wear, and if we are to bend in we need to match even down to our underwear" Sherlock speaks as though this was obvious from the start, turning his head back to look at John.
". He looks up at Sherlock, "The strippers that have been getting killed" John said. Sherlock gives John, one of his uncommon "well done" smiles, and turns to look past john at the door, steeping his hands under his chin in thought, "yes but the news papers didn't know, that some of them, weren't just stripper but also sex workers, and my brother is worried about them, he cares deeply about everyone that works at his club, as he had once been in their positions too." Sherlock brow furrowed as he speaks, "hence why he contacted me to help, as he knows the police, if they find out, will put him in prison too", Sherlock looks back over to John with a hint of pleading in his eyes, its clear that he's worried about his brother being next and the murders have only been getting worse.
Loud thumping music had started playing up stairs and John knew the night has only just begun. Walking down the stairs John could see the lighting get darker and glow more and more feverishly red. Once at the bottom of the stairs John noticed that the walls where made of red velvet and bumped out, giving the walls the same texture as a red velvet Victorian sofa. The hallway was long and only lit by the red glow, numbers identified the doors, one ... two... four... six ... eight. Everything about this floor oozed
John clears his throat loudly, still looking directly at Mycroft with a disproving gaze, "Ah john so nice of you to join us" Mycroft drawls,
I'm revisiting my work, i have found new inspiration and i'm updating my work and adding new chapters.
John entered the living room after being woken up by the sound of a screeching violin and angry words distinctively being spoken, well shouted, by the two brothers. "Sherlock do behave" Mycroft's aloft voice grates on john. John now looking over at Sherlock and seeing that he is clearly bothered by what Mycroft was saying to him, He shifts and looks over at Mycroft with a raised brow.
Sherlock was wearing his normal tight purple top, but it wasn't that what shocked John, it was the tight latex leggings, that left little the the imagination and made Sherlock's ass look bigger than it normally did in his trousers and the, what must have been about seven inch black platform heels.
When Sherlock pulled away, his brother was once again smiling, "I needed that, its been a while since my big brother has hugged me" Marcus's warm energy seemed to come back a bit, "so you will help" he looked expectantly at John and Sherlock, Sherlock smiles "of course" Sherlock says, then his face moulds back into his normal calculating look again,  "this is the most interesting case I have had in a while."
John sees Sherlock give his bother a sharp look, Marcus looks apologetically back at him, "Sorry, but that's not what your here to talk about, is it", Marcus turns back to Sherlock, "I see you took my advice, I always knew you had the right body to be one of my dancers" He smirks, then points to the two chairs, "Please, sit and I will, tell you everything I know"
"Morning Mycroft", John makes his way over to his chair ans sits down facing Sherlock. Who quickly acknowledges John and turns back to staring daggers into Mycroft.
John checked the time on his phone "6:50", Sherlock must be ready by now. John walked down stairs to the living room, but Sherlock wasn't anywhere to be seen yet. So John sat down on the couch, he did suppose he had 10 more minutes before they had to go, but just encase, "Sherlock, you ready yet mate?" John called, he heard some moment from Sherlock room, "yes John, give me a second", and the few seconds later Sherlock came out, except he wasn't sure if it was Sherlock at first and then the realisation kicked in.
I'm revisiting my work, i have found new inspiration and i'm updating my work and adding new chapters.
"Come along now John, we have a case to solve" Sherlock practically skips away, John follows but not before taking one more look at Marcus, Marcus gives him a small smile and mouths "Thank you" before he walks back out into the hall.
"This is the main room as you know, strippers and the sex workers walk around here flirting with the customers offering extra services and sex, for a price obviously" Marcus turns to face Sherlock and John, "the rooms down stairs are for the sex workers to use and the doors dotted around in here" He points to some rooms off from the main room, "are for the strippers to use".
John moved his head to look at Peter, he seemed to have the same thought process but kept a professional air about him, John wondered what relationship he and Sherlock had, he spoke up, "So Peter, how do you know Sherlock?", Sherlock and Peter both seemed to hesitate in their actions before Peter chuckled and rubbed the back of his head turning his head to John, "I don't know if its my place to talk about it mate but me and Sherlock go away back",
I would love to get some constructive criticism and also excuse any spelling mistakes or punctuation errors I have dyslexia so it can be easy for me to miss them.
"Do you think I look "sexy" John" Sherlock asked with genuine curiosity plastered on his face, John went bright red and choked on nothing,
"Yes, yes, I will talk to him", Sherlock waves a dismissive hand at Marcus and Marcus rolls his eyes,
He pulls out a shirt that feels like cotton and has a wine red and dark red checked pattern all over it, he has to admit, it is very nice. Next he pulls out a pair of black slim fit dress trousers, of course Sherlock could deduce the exact size that he needed for his clothes to fit him well.
"you-u look fine-e Sherlock", he spluttered, Sherlock looked at him for a moment, clearly not sure John was been truthful but nodded anyway, "Right let's go John or we will be late to meet my brother".
I would love to get some constructive criticism and also excuse any spelling mistakes or punctuation errors I have dyslexia so it can be easy for me to miss them.
He looks back up at Sherlock, he's starting to think that were they are going isn't a normal club, not like the clubs john had been to before, not that we had ever been to a gay club before. Sherlock sensing what John was thinking, spoke up, "No John it's not a normal club, its a
Mycroft buts in "He took up a hobby, of sorts, one that our parent disproved of and he was kicked out" he looks down at the floor, "I still payed close attention to him, making sure he was okay, something I still do", Sherlock looked up sharply at his words, "
Marcus sighs, "Sherlock wants to go undercover as one of my sex workers slash strippers" he makes a slash movement with his hand. John looks between the two in shock his arms coming unfolded as it sinks in what he just heard.  Marcus faces Sherlock again, "I mean seriously Sherlock, just because you could out shine me any day, at what I do doesn't mean you should, you could get killed, and if he gets you too...".
Update I'm back, sorry that was an extremely long break but I'm finally ready to work on this project again. I have updated chapters because they didn't make much sense and improved my old work, but the chapters are basically the same. I hope to be writing more soon - CMP <3
John's Shirt: https://www.ysl.com/gb/shop-product/men/ready-to-wear-classic-shirts-cotton-shirt-with-abstract-checks_cod38849114kb.html#dept=men_rtw_shirts
John stands up fast and pulls his gun of of his pocket, "DON'T!", the panic was thick and clear in Sherlock's voice, Peter looked dumb founded that John had pulled a gun out on him,"Give me one reason why I shouldn't Sherlock", John looks angrily at Peter, who lets go of Sherlock's hair once his body catches up to his brain and Sherlock moves in front of Peter blocking him for the gun, "because John, It's all part of his job", John looked confused at Sherlock, Sherlock rolls his eyes but doesn't move away from Peter,
Sally's face dropped, she looked defeated. "How on Earth do you expect us to do that? This bastard won't talk for anything and you know it!" She said with an irritated growl, dropping her arms to her side as a car door shut quietly behind her.
Sherlock sat down on his living room floor and turned on the television, it was almost midnight. It was almost time for the show to start, it always came on at midnight. Everyone was calling it 'The Captain's show', Sherlock called it evidence. He sighed, sitting cross-legged on the hardwood floor as he pressed the power button, the screen humming to life. He squinted at the bright light burning his eyes, maybe he was sitting a little too close? Who cared, he was far more interested in what tonight's 'episode' was going to bring. He sighed as he watched the static for five minutes before the screen came to life, his phone chiming from a text notification from Lestrade. The Inspector was probably asking him if he was watching the telly too. But he would ignore it for now.
"A friend that you love?" Mrs.Hudson asked, a smile spreading across her face as she looked up to the Detective who blushed a deep shade of crimson.
"It isn't like that, Mycroft." Sherlock spat hatefully. "You know the people of London look up to the Captain, you know they see him as their white knight! Just last week he stopped over fifty women and children from being sold off in some shipping container! Something Scotland Yard and 'you' failed to prevent! The only reason the cops arrived at that harbor was to arrest the Captain and the Veterans with him!" Sherlock was practically foaming at the mouth now in his anger, his fists slamming hard onto the metal table before him. "He is giving the people hope. Something I have never been able to do... Something none of us have been able to do. Why does that make him a criminal?" He asked quietly, looking up to his brother now. "Because the way I see it? It doesn't, it makes him a hero."
“I would read you off the list I made of all the reasons I love you, but I feel like now would be a bad time.” Sherlock said with a smile, rubbing the back of his neck, looking down at the tiled floor of the restroom. John chuckled, rubbing his arm now.
John looked up, surprised. "You want me to spend a few nights at your flat? Isn't your place being watched?"
"What's this?" She asked, a smile on her face as she carefully picked up the soaked notebook paper that had fallen into the puddle. "Did your boyfriend write you a little love note?" She asked, smirking to herself as she opened the note delicately. She scowled though, the fresh ink had smeared as it came into contact with the water, effectively making it useless trash.
John grabbed Sherlock now, pushing him over to Hughes and Briars who was holding her arms down to pull the Detective in. “Sherlock, I need you to go. Hughes and I can handle this, please. I need you to go home and look after Gladstone. I need you to be safe.” He whispered, frowning beneath his mask. “Please.”
"Oh you think I'm bad?" The Colonel asked with a smile as he ripped the string attached to the grenades. "Then you are really going to like this." Lestrade went to yell for Mycroft and Sherlock to get down, but an explosion never came. Instead smoke started to pour out of the grenades, filling the room quickly as the flak jacket was tossed off and flung into the center of the room. Sleeping gas.
"Harry is my sister, short for Harriet." John said with a smile, chuckling now. "The phone was a gift from her girlfriend Emma, they are on the verge of a break up now. The alcoholism and all that." He said with a wave of his hand.
“Then we can get a hot meal and go back to my place?” Sherlock asked, his face flushing from his own shyness.
"I have to say, the Colonel really knows how to put the fear of God into a man. Is he a sniper? Possibly a Marine Sniper?"
John's body tensed, his pupils pinpoint in that thousand-yard stare. "How can I trust you? Yes, you did save me, you saved my whole platoon. But how do I know you don't have a wire on you? Or that the cops aren't moments away in grabbing me?  This map can really fuck me over if the police got their hands on it, they will know where to watch for me." John was almost growling now beneath his black surgical mask, his nails digging into the table.
Sherlock watched as John coddled the puppy, it was sweet seeing the man like this. He had a strange feeling that Gladstone had saved John more than he had saved him. There was a light in the Captain's eyes, one that had previously looked dull at The Hub. Another reason to keep fighting. But his eyes, his steely blue eyes shone bright tonight, especially when their eyes met. Mrs.Hudson brought them their food and excused herself downstairs, but not before making a heart with her hands to Sherlock behind John's back. Sherlock huffed, blushing as he turned towards his plate and picked at it shyly. "I see you have a file on me." John said, pointing at the manilla envelope on the table with 'The Captain' written on it. "Anything interesting in there?" He asked while he ate his food, sharing pieces with the puppy.
The Captain shrugged, smiling down at the camera as he walked over to where the streaming was operated. "Sure, enlighten me." He said, squinting his eyes at something. "That can't be right, turn it off and on again."
“Sherlock, I’m not someone you want in your home.” John whispered. “Look at me, I am a mess of a man, torn up by war and suffering.”
"The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives."  - Rob Liano.
The mic came on with a flood of noise, the other SWAT member having to shout into his radio. “We have a situation out here! We have at least fifty civilians carrying weapons looking for a fight!”
"If this was a trap, Captain. Why would I choose an open-aired location? A location where you can see your entire surroundings? A location without cameras, might I add. The Hub is surrounded by glass, you can see through the entire cafe! No, if I were going to trap you, I promise you it would be far more elaborate than this. Perhaps in a warehouse with few exits, hell, a warehouse with nothing but a wall to your back. I am trying to help you."
“Yes I did.” Sherlock said with a smile, looking at John as hot air left his lips in soft white swirls in the freezing December air. “I quite enjoy nightly adventures.”
Sherlock nodded slowly, examining the photograph passed to him carefully. The person in the picture was admittedly stunning, long blonde hair, fair skin, and deep blue eyes. A kiss of a tan from the Afghanistan sun that only made their blue eyes more magnificent. “You all reconnected as adults?” The Detective asked as he passed the phone back, John stared longingly at the photograph for a moment before closing his phone.
"Like Hell you can! You were winded running from your flat to Soho last night!" Yelled the Colonel over the sound of the alarms as they busted through the front doors and onto the sidewalk. "The Captain says to give him a call anytime." The Colonel said as he sat Sherlock down on the sidewalk, an adrenaline-filled smile on his face. "Or a text, whatever you want, just pick up a burner phone. Can't have them pinpointing the Captain can we?" The Colonel asked with a wink as he started walking towards Big Ben.
Sherlock decided to check his phone then, unlocking the phone with his thumbprint after clicking the text notification. His eyes widened in shock as he read the text from Lestrade. "We are ambushing the Captian, we have cops set up on every street corner and uncover cops out. He isn't getting away tonight.-GL" Sherlock looked back up at the television screen and gulped, oh no. He couldn't let this man be caught, he didn't know what it was, but his gut was yelling at him.
John gulped, nearly dropping his phone. This was getting very dangerous. Whoever he was texting was smart, dangerously smart. They pegged Staff Sargent Katilyn Briars, his technology specialist from a kilometer away. He looked back down at his phone, unsure what he could even reply with, but thankfully the unknown number texted him again.
"I can run on my own, thank you!" Sherlock yelled, blushing as he had never been tossed over another man's shoulder before.
"I cannot say that I do, seeing as I never served. Though I can imagine the graphic scenarios that you were put through."
“I say we get a cab to the Gardens; you lost your jumper back in the restroom and it is awfully cold. I would hate for my Captain to get sick in this weather.” Sherlock said with a smile nipping at John’s bottom lip.
“No theatre around here Captain, could be a late class.” He said, mentioning the campus on the same block. “But I don’t know a lot of students who have their own vehicles.”
John nodded, setting down his duffel bag and unzipped it before rummaging around for a moment. "Here." John said with a smile as he pulled out a blanket, it wasn't much but it was something. It was his, but he could always get another, he still had some money in his account from his time in the military. He wouldn't get paid until the next month, but this man needed it more than him.
John held up his hand, stopping Sherlock there. “No, for some reason Colonel Moran has formed some sort of obsession with me and the feelings were not mutual. Ever since that man laid his eyes on me, he has been possessive, I do not know why either.” He explained, squeezing Sherlock’s hand tighter, hoping the Detective understood.
“I… I do not know. I just feel responsible for their wellbeing.” John whispered, his eyes dropping to the pup in his lap.
“There is an air vent here! Too small for you and me to fit into Captain, but Sherlock and Briars can get out. What do you think?”
"Holy shit!" Lestrade yelled as he jumped back, shielding Mycroft with his body. He went to scream but the Colonel calmly shushed him, the cigarette held firmly between his lips.
“It’s London, Hughes. There is always activity on the roads, maybe a movie just let out?” John said placing his hand on his weapon now, standing next to his two officers.
"Yes sir." Came a female's voice, the sound of a metal chair moving against the concrete could be heard before footsteps approached. The camera was pointed at the Captain's face, obviously hiding what their current surroundings were. Also smart, the Detective thought to himself. This Captain knew what he was doing.
"Leave that to me, Ms.Donovan." A soothing voice called from behind her, causing Sally to turn and step aside to reveal Mycroft. He looked amused, stepping forward to his little brother who looked anything but pleased to see him. "If there is one person on this Earth that can pry secrets out of a steel trap, it is me."
“Inspector!” John yelled, causing Lestrade to turn around swiftly. “Don’t forget your wallet.” John said with a smile as the inspector looked down at his wallet, slowly picking it up. “There, can’t be walking around without that, can we?”
Sherlock swallowed hard, squeezing John’s knee now sympathetically. “John, I want you to stay with me. I want you to live at Baker’s street with me. I want to help you.” He whispered out, voice wavering as his eyes locked with John’s. “I want you to live the life Sam wanted for you.”
"You let them getaway! You let the whole lot of them getaway! We had them cornered, you damn fool! You do realize we were playing the Captain's live footage to track him right!? We know you just aided in the escape of those men and women! You aided in the escape of a damn criminal!" Shouted Lestrade who was already pulling out handcuffs to restrain the Detective, several more cops arrived in cruisers and on foot to surround him.
“It will if I am lucky.” Sherlock said, surprising himself with his ability to flirt, making himself blush again along with John who broke out into a fit of laughter.
"Well you did save my ass the day before yesterday and you had a phone specially encrypted to just talk to me. I say that is pretty impressive." John murmured as he worked, flipping over the map now as he wrote names and medical advice.
Briars looked deflated, Hughes spun back around to show his surprise with wide eyes and his mouth slightly agape. “What?” Hughes said, looking equally deflated. “You’re leaving? Why?”
“You have been a Medic long enough for others, it’s time to worry about your wellbeing and happiness. Don’t you think?” Sherlock asked gently, a small smile on his face. “It’s your turn to let someone else care about you."
Sherlock frowned, offering a tissue gently to his new friend who took it with a shaking hand. “I’m sorry for your loss.” He said meekly, leaning forward now to place a hand on John’s knee. “But Sam would not want you to hurt like this, they knew the dangers of war. You knew the dangers of war.”
John blinked in surprise, tilting his head. "Sherlock, you don't have to do that, honestly, I'm okay."
“Not unless you want her to be.” John said, pointing one of the pistols up at the ceiling above him. Lestrade took a step forward, swallowing hard.
Sherlock blushed furiously as he saw the Captain's entire face, God he was... Handsome. Even with an unkempt beard and a thin layer of dirt on his face, the Captain was, oh God he was stunning. John looked up as he sipped his tea, noticing the expression on Sherlock's face.
John turned back and looked at The Hub, the figure hadn't moved, they were just sitting there. He sighed heavily again before starting across the grass, the entire time he was looking around for cops. As he closed the space between him and The Hub as the figure became more clear, he felt the same sensation he felt that night he was running from the cops. Time slowed down, his heart raced in his chest as he met those bright blue eyes. It was the same man who saved his ass back at the China Gate. That stunning, dark curly-haired civilian, he had forgotten in his exhaustion that he had given his number to this man. The one he bailed out of jail for the trouble he went through in helping him escape on live feed.
“Miss?” Lestrade called, knocking hard on the door. “Miss is everything alright in there? We really need you to open the door for us. I promise you that you are safe.”
"Who on Earth could that possibly be?" Mycroft asked as he stood from his chair but froze as a towering, very built, strawberry blonde appeared behind Lestrade. He had the eyes of a serial killer, the smile of a criminal mastermind. A sniper, cold-blooded, the name under his right breast pocket read 'Moran'. Mycroft's face must have spoken everything he was thinking for this man laughed. Lestrade stepped aside, looking to his partner with a look of concern.
“Listen, I need to make a phone call. Someone that can help, okay? I’m going to step out and be right back.”
“Why does it have to be you?” Sherlock asked, squeezing John’s hand in his. “Can’t Briars and her partner take up the mantle? They seem quite competent.”
"Oh dear, is our flat about to catch on fire again? Sherlock, we have spoken about this! No more petrol in this flat!" She scolded him with a huff, crossing her arms.
“Do you think this is some sort of game?” The inspector growled, popping his neck as he leaned it side to side. “You took two men hostage just to buy your mob out there some time? You coward, you absolute bastard! You aren’t getting away from here to easily, you are finally in a corner where I can get a good look at you.” Lestrade reached up to grab John’s mask, only to have the Medic swiftly connect his forehead to the inspector’s nose.
“We?” Kaitlyn said, looking at John who was trying to form a plan in his head quickly, he needed to get Briars and Sherlock out of there immediately. “I do hope you understand if I am a little skeptical about opening the door to the restroom in the dead of night for a stranger.” Kaitlyn said, trying her hardest to make her stalling more believable.
Sherlock and John prepare to go to the club and Johns not quite prepared for what happens next but is determined to help the brother out.
"yes precisely John, we will be going to a gay strip club and we need to blend in if we are to catch the criminal who is doing all this" John reaches into the bag and goes red when he realises what he pulled out, they were a pair of briefs, they where grey and neon orange and looked extremely tight, "
"Sherlock and I", John hears Sherlock mutter, Peter gives a cheery laugh, clearly hearing Sherlock's correction too,
Once in the club they entered a long hall way, Sherlock walked swiftly down the corridor until they came to a door simply labelled, "The Boss", the name was carved into a brass plate on the door. Sherlock knocked again, this time to the rhythm of "A shave and a haircut", a deep caramel voice was heard from inside the room, "come in".
, Sherlock stopped in front of the door and hesitated, John looked at him, worried Sherlock might to actually be able to go threw with his. John reached out and put his hand on Sherlock's shoulder, "you alright mate?" John asked, worry clear in his voice, "you don't have to do this you know", Sherlock breaths in a deep breath and looks at John,
Suddenly the room was filled with a different atmosphere, it was much heavier and John realised that the room was called the "
John cleared his throat and Sherlock seemed the snap out, and stop looking for whatever he was looking for. "Thank you, John" He said in a small voice, John relaxed and his eyes softened, its not very common for Sherlock to say thank you but when he does he means it, "well of course, anything to help my best mate out" he smiled at Sherlock. A flash of hurt seemed to cross over Sherlock's face but it was to quick for John to really notice.
Hey guys, sorry about the lack of contents. I have been busy and unable to write, I will try and do more writing soon but no promises that it will be soon. Thank you for understanding guys - CMP <3
club, which means its exclusive to certain people and you only get invited if someone there knows you, obviously we can get in because my brother owns the place" he finishes and goes to turn around, before turning back to John one more time, "oh and your shoes are over by the door, go get changed, we have to leave at 7." He goes to turn again before pausing. "as it will take about thirty minuets to get there, so don't hurry make us late." and with that Sherlock left to get changed, leaving John still holding the bag of clothes in his arms.
John looked at the scene before him and instead of seeing Sherlock and Marcus as they are now, he saw a young frighten child in Marcus's place and a caring older brother, telling him it would all be okay. This was a different side of Sherlock, no petty feud, no barriers, the man he saw here was the real Sherlock.
John takes a deep breath and sighs, "Yes right, but who is going to see my underwear?", Sherlock looks like hes getting more exasperated by the second,
The man strides over to Sherlock, who's face now adorns a massive grin, the man stops in font of him, "Sherlock!" he speaks in a warm cheery voice, which seems to fill the whole room, "Marcus" Sherlock says back, his voice also warm. Then the two men hug, wrapping their arms around each other tight, rocking slightly as they hugged. When they pull away the man is still smiling warmly, as is Sherlock, "Its good to see you again brother" Marcus's smile seems to widen, Sherlock smiles at him again before gesturing over to John.
John looks at him and nods slightly hoping he will add to that, Mycroft shifts, pausing for a second, "well that's not entirely true, we are the only two known to the public, people have only ever know there to be two Holmes brothers" He looks slightly uncomfortable, John looks over at Sherlock more than a little bit confused by what Mycroft was saying, "Sherlock?" John says hoping that Sherlock will clue him in. Sherlock who was looking down at his violin in deep thought, locks eyes with John and takes a deep breath, "What my
The high functioning sociopath Sherlock claimed to be, as a doctor, John knew wasn't true, but now he saw why Sherlock really did it. Sherlock put up this barrier to protect himself and his brother, he put on this mask to make sure no one could hurt them and so that he could be logical and get things done, so that his brother could be sensitive and do what he loved the most. John also knew that wasn't the only reason Sherlock did it, it was clear that Sherlock put on this mask to protect himself from other people's words and so that his brilliant mind could work without emotion clouding it, but Sherlock wasn't incapable or void of care or empathy, he simply didn't understand it as well as others and often missed certain social queues and facial queues, that meant he could come across insensitive. He saw here that Sherlock could care and feel sympathy and love, but it was also clear he didn't often let emotion get the best of him.
"Sherlock" Peter said, confirming what John had thought, "well I found him in his room, we started talking as I sat on his bed and well one thing led to another and we ended up having sex", Peter moved away from Sherlock after he said that, Peter had a cold look on his face, which seemed out of character for him.In the short time John had known him, he had been a playful, quick and happy and how he seemed cold and distant. John felt bad for Peter, as much as it shocked John to hear Sherlock had, had sex, He also knew Sherlock could easy break someone. Sherlock was bright red all over his chest, neck and face, John saw a flash of regret wash over Sherlock's face but it was quickly replaced.
Peter motions to a red sofa pressed up against the left hand wall as they walked in, John goes over and sits down scanning the room as he does. The room was small and well lit, with white light, a contrast to the dark and red hall way just outside the room. A wooden chair with a red towel on the seat, was in the middle of the room. A Futon sat pressed against the back wall of the room, it was white with a white sheet to match but the floor was a dark grey, setting apart the overall whiteness of the room. The whole room gave off a filming studio vibe and felt very professional. There was also three large black trunks placed on the floor next to the chair and a familiar looking black riding crop layed on top of one.
It took a while to process in Johns head but once it did he couldn't help just exclaim, "YOUR BROTHERS OWNS A SEX CLUB!" John couldn't believe it, a Holmes boy was a owner of a sex club in Soho and here he was thinking they were all void of feeling any type of sexual attraction, to well anyone! "Yes Dr. Watson, he is but could you refrain from shouting and keep your voice down" Mycroft gave him a disapproving look and John silently apologised.
Sherlock's High heels In Black Patent: https://crossdressingcloset.com/collections/heels-for-men/products/copy-of-8-heel-platform-ankle-boots-1
The main part of the club, was a large room with five stages. Two of the four smaller stages sat at one end of the room and where circled by two large booths and on the opposite side of the room, was the same lay out. Marcus had said they where reserved, for party's, stag nights and large groups that wanted to stay together and mingle, it costed extra to rent the out.
"because John, gay men tend to wear their underwear so that is viable above the waistline and we will too", John stops to think for a second. Sherlock obviously knows what hes talking about, its crazy how much he seems to know though. Is Sherlock gay? John looks at him for a couple more seconds, no he's not, he doesn't like anyone. does he? John pushes his thoughts aside and looks back into the bag.
John who has come around a bit, speaks up, "Well if i'm his body guard then he has someone as back up, plus I know why he's really here", John knows that if Sherlock thinks being one of the stripper/ sex workers, is what is needed to catch this guy, then he wont change is mind and if John said no could make solving the case a longer process. Marcus looks at John for a bit with a slightly confused look but sighs again and rubs his face with his hand, "fine, you can do this Sherlock but remember what I said no penetration, only oral and you need to go talk to Peter", Sherlock smiles and looks please with his brothers decision.
Sorry for the delay, I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I will start getting to the meat of the story soon I just need to build it up first.
"I will carry on with the story as I work", he looks at John, who is trying extremely hard not to show jealously in his face. He doesn't even know why he feels jealous, he just does and hes not sure what to make of it. Peter, gives him a 'sorry' look, and makes a little space between himself and Sherlock, John visibly gets less tense. "Well Mycroft made the worst mistake of his life and went out, probably to go talk to the queen", John chucked and Sherlock smiled, it was clear Peter knew how much of a pompous ass Mycroft was too.
John knows how much Mycroft irritates Sherlock, but not quite to this level, "Whats happening?" John asks, looking worriedly over the Holmes brothers. Mycroft knowing he will not be able to tell John nothing about the issue, as it will further annoy Sherlock, turns towards John "Well, as you know Sherlock and Myself and the only two Holmes descendants"
John thought for a moment, before turning to Mycroft, "What if i'm with Sherlock, then I can make sure he doesn't do any drugs" Both Mycroft and Sherlock look at John a little shocked, "I wouldn't think I would be your type of scene Dr. Watson" Mycroft looks at him with a cocked eyebrow,
"Oooo ouch" he makes a cat noise and hisses, then chuckles, "I forgot I lost those privileges, but then again when do I ever take orders from you" He laughs, then tilts his head towards John, smug smile never leaving his face. He looks john up and down, eyeing him lazily, then while still looking directly at John, "Is this your new play thing Sherlock?", John, takes a step forward. The man doesn't even flinch, but he razes an eyebrow, "Careful, I love pain" he winks playfully at John, "Does he also call you Captain?", he asks John and nods his head towards Sherlock, who turns his face way from him. John at this point is boiling with rage, luckily Sherlock steps in,
This was... new. John found he was blushing and having a hard time fighting back the creeping feeling of lust. He can't feel like that about Sherlock, he's not gay and Sherlock, well he didn't know what Sherlock was, but he didn't think Sherlock liked anyone. John clears his throat as he realises he's been staring. Sherlock, on the other hand had been staring at him intensely, under his thick lashes, but stops when John clears his throat, "Don't blame me for the outfit John, it was Marcus's idea, he said it would make me look "sexy", and he said it would help me blend in too" Sherlock looks down at himself, before looking back up to john,
That made more sense and brought him to thinking what environment Sherlock would be entering. "Good question John" Sherlock announced making john turn to him in surprise, "but i didn't say anything"
"what's this for?" John asked. The clothes inside weren't cheep and not exactly johns type of clothing style, they were tight fitted and diffidently trendy. Then John realised, "these are for the club case, we are going undercover", Sherlock gives john another, small "well done" smile.
Peter moved Sherlock bringing him up so he was flush against his body, Sherlock was flushed a lovely crimson but Peter played little to no attention to it and carried on doing his job, which John was very thankful for, but at the same time Peter was only a couple of inches shorter than him and he think what it would look like if he was pressed up against Sherlock instead of Peter, he quickly snapped out of it.
But what John really wasn't ready for was the man that sat in the big red chair. He was big, broad shoulders, muscular body, short dark brown hair that was styled so that swooped back and stubble was clear on his face. He was not as pale as the Holmes John knew, he was more tan, but the thing that made him believe this man was a Holmes brother was the two piercing blue eyes that seemed to stare straight threw him.
