With a heavy heart, Steve stood up and turned around, finally taking in his surroundings. The whole team was there—each and every one of them: Wanda, and Vision, and Peter, and Scott, and even T’Challa. It was both a bit much and strangely heartwarming, that they’d all been working together to get them back.
When Vision walked into the examination room, he noticed how Steve’s eyes immediately dropped to Tony’s face, doubtlessly checking for a sign of his awakening. Only when he realized that Tony was still unconscious, did he turn to Vision. Behind them, the doctor quietly left the room, the door clicking close.
Tony sighed and tried to recall the last time he’d seen Steve. His eyes warm but troubled when he looked at Tony, face fortified with determination. Had he known then? Had he known what he was going to do? What he was going to sacrifice?
“Or hot cocoa,” Tony amended with a crooked grin. “I would accept that, but only if you’ve got marshmallows.”
"Very well. Shall I inform him of your arrival?" JARVIS' tone was bland enough that Steve couldn't really read if he was satisfied or not. He reminded himself next that it was an AI, a program. It wouldn't have emotions, would it?
“It’s okay,” Steve said, smiling. “Come tomorrow, we’ll take a few days just for us. But today we want everyone to have a good time. Celebrate a little.”
Tony laughed, softly. “Fine with me.” He rested his hand on Steve’s shoulder, squeezing him once, while Steve tightened his grip on Tony’s waist and started leading.
“I’m sure it’s gonna be everything you ever thought it would be,” Steve said. “And if it’s not… we’ll find a new dream together, okay?”
“Hear, hear,” Sam said, reaching for his glass as well. The others followed suit, and Tony almost looked bashful, as they all clinked glasses.
There was a brief moment of wrenching disorientation and then Steve was no longer in the red clearing. He was standing in a strange room that looked like a library, with shelves and counters all around.
“Of course.” Steve blinked at him, and Tony might be wrong about this, but Steve almost looked a bit disappointed. “But that’s not all—is it?”
“Oh, he’s gracing us with his attention,” Stark announced with a hand over his heart. He made a few steps towards the cot, considering him. “I’m Tony Stark, this is Bruce Banner. Do you know where you are? Can you say anything? Hearing myself talk is getting a bit boring.”
“You’re actually just gonna stand there, are you?” Tony asked as he bent down to grab for his undersuit. It would be a bitch to get back into it like this, and hygiene was a far-away concept, but he guessed that’s what the cleaning protocol was for.
Tony hummed, trying not to look pleased and failing. “There’s probably a few things I should explain to you first.” He slowly pulled Steve’s hand up, and placed it over his clothed chest.
The serenity in Tony seemed unreal. How could he snuggle so close so soon? But Steve didn’t want to question it. He felt warm and loved, and dwelling on it wouldn't do any good, would it? He patted Tony's head and closed his eyes, trying to let himself relax and sleep, but it was soon clear to him that sleep was no longer an option for tonight.
Or that’s what Steve tried to tell himself instead of thinking back on Obadiah Stane’s words that maybe Steve was only here to be a distraction.
So sorry for the wait guys! I hope you're still enjoying this. As of today I have officially finished writing this so updates should come a little bit quicker :)
The final piece of Steve chipped away. He dissolved in pain, and forcefully jerked himself awake the next second.
Steve pulled back obediently, giving Tony’s cock a parting kiss. Then, he cast Tony a fleeting look before he turned around and bent over the arm rest. With quick movements, he tugged his sweatpants down to his thighs and pulled a little bottle of lube out of the left pocket. He coated two fingers with it before he threw it back down on the couch. Then, he let his hand slide its way back up his thighs to finger his hole, spreading the lubricant there. Steve gasped and reached out to grab the edge of the couch, then got his knees under him, pushing his ass in Tony’s direction.
In his head, like a badly cut Western film, Tony saw himself, saw Natasha and Rhodey and Vision and Clint and Sam. He saw Steve, with his stupid aura of heroism. Saw Wanda and Pietro and a too young Peter Parker and the Ant-Guy and Barnes. He saw T’Challa, who had willingly joined their side after Tony had given him Zemo’s file. And he saw a good three dozen US marines with heavy artillery who only waited for Ross’ signal to join the fight.
After everything that had happened between them lately, everything he had done, or failed to do, that Steve could still look at him with acceptance…
Steve watched, with a great deal of confusion—but also with some dark foreboding—how Ultron’s red eyes slowly transformed into an oily black, and how a smug smile formed on his metal lips soon after.
Across from Tony, Natasha seemed to shake herself out of her own stupor, arching a brow at Sam. “Bakhmala, you mean?” she asked with a low smile. “That’s very impressive for a guy with basically no training.”
The first stirrings of an unhappy infant woke Tony from a fitful sleep and he grumbled into his pillow.
Thor laid one of his big hands on Tony’s shoulder, trying to keep him still. “Friend Tony, maybe it would be wise to—”
"I might've had a similar fantasy about your armor," he admitted, since it seemed that was what they were doing at the moment.
“Ah, well, don’t be. My wedding vows contained three ‘fucks’ and one ‘jackass’, I think it’s only fair that you get to ruin the pillow talk.”
was written in what he could only guess was Tony's best attempt at legible handwriting. "That's it? You're the first true A.I. in the world, scientific wonder, and he's got you on delivery-boy status?" Steve chuckled at the thought and patted DUM-E's arm. "Thanks, buddy."
kissing Tony, and that wasn’t much of a surprise. What he did regret, though, was having to reject Tony a second time.
He sat down on one of the couches and called Stephen Strange’s number, but it was disconnected. Damn. He would have to ask Tony for his number. Which meant that he would have to tell him. Right. He had to start with that.
“I have that place in the Maldives,” he said. “It’s warm all year around. We could give her a little time out… Maybe fly there afterwards, ourselves. If we can’t make a proper date, maybe we can get away with a vac—”
Steve shifted his weight from one foot to the other, as he regarded Tony. He leaned in a bit more, his mouth now close to Tony’s ear. “Just checking: We’re not talking about yesterday, are we?”
your business. I can work like this just fine, got enough proof of that by now, thank you very much.”
Steve shook his head. “No.” He took one of Tony’s hands in his, placing it atop his thundering heart. “
It would take time, and that was fine. What Tony hadn’t expected, however, was Steve saying no. And yet, that was exactly what had happened.
Tony cast him a lopsided grin, before he opened his eyes. For a moment, there was nothing. His gaze was blank. Then he blinked and breathed, clearly a little overwhelmed, “Oh, baby.”
Steve’s hands were everywhere. He was always very enthusiastically into the sex they’d had. It was as though he was studying Tony like he did with his history books. His fingers caressed his shoulders, kneading a gentle massage before he turned Tony around on his stomach. Then his mouth was back on Tony’s skin, kissing a trail down his back. He bent him forward. An arm around his waist kept him steady, and Tony put his hands on the headboard of their bed. When Steve licked the small of Tony’s back, Tony arched and shuddered, instinctively pressing backwards against him.
“Oh, was it?” Tony said on one of those lewd grins Steve had really come to miss. He ground down against Steve, reminding him once again of how hard he still was. “Well, Mr. 21
“It was just an offer,” Tony backpedaled. “Doesn’t have to be now, or ever, really. Just—the offer’s on the table.”
And yet, there was no reason to be afraid. It wasn’t just the two of them—the whole team had grown close, each and every one of them. No matter what, they always had each other’s back, and Steve was sure there was nothing that could drive them apart.
At that Tony looked back up, a storm within his brown eyes. His hands were still on Steve’s waist. “Tell me. Can you look into my eyes and say that you love me still?”
“The lights are caused by the collision of energetically charged solar particles with atoms in the magnetosphere, causing heat and plasma emission into the thermosphere,” Tony said, his voice hushed.
Tony nodded gravely, like he truly understood how severe the situation was, and said, “Don’t worry, that’s an easy fix. Did you want me to do it?”
Steve took it without stopping the humming sounds, then brushed the nipple over the baby’s lips. He rearranged the angle after a moment, so there wouldn’t be any air getting sucked into the baby’s tummy. “It’s called ‘The Night Nursery’,” he said eventually. “Ma used to sing it to me when I was sick. It’s… not a very happy song but I always loved the sound of it.”
"Not much. We thought we’d wait for you before we discuss those last points, but the gang’s really tired," Sam was saying, his tone easy. "Wanda wondered where you were, so Nat said she was sure you'd turn up sooner or later, but that I might want to go get you if I wanted it to happen tonight." He chuckled. "Why didn't you tell me about…" He glanced at Tony for emphasis.
Rhodey huffed in disdain—because Rhodey was awesome. “He’ll come here, he’ll rant at you, and he’ll leave again. It’s a giant fuck up, but it’ll pass.”
It was a warm statement, unexpected as much as it was intimate. Steve closed his eyes and tilted his head before pressing a kiss to the top of Tony's head. "You have me," he said, voice almost a whisper that only the two of them could hear.
Tony’s pulled him closer, mouth open and welcoming. Not that he still hated Bucky’s guts—he’d made peace with the Winter Soldier’s actions long ago—but the words still warmed his heart. On his bad days, he still didn’t understand how Steve could have fallen in love with him so completely that it had changed their entire self-concept. Because in the end, Tony was sure that the main reason why things had played out so differently had been the two of them.
When he was sure Tony was done talking, Steve reached over and took Tony's hand again in both of his, letting his thumbs run along the back of it.
Tony cast him a thin, slightly pained looking smile at that, and Steve wondered what he’d said wrong this time. He fell quiet after that, but Steve had waited too long for finally talking with Tony again and he wouldn’t let this opportunity slide. “Alright. Your pick,” he prompted, trying to keep the mood light.
And it was just that, he told himself firmly. A nightmare. A vision. It had been the Maximoff girl messing with them, rationally speaking, he
He put on his helmet, and with a timely gust of wind, the rear hatch blew open. Natasha slowly edged closer to him. He was close to the Quinjet’s opening now, where the noise was at its loudest.
Inside the office, Fury diplomatically offered to show Steve what the Intel was related to. Steve nodded his compliance and made to follow. There were no words. No exchanges. Talking with Fury these days always left Steve with a sour taste in his mouth he couldn’t fully comprehend. And his gut feeling hadn’t lied to him. Steve pursed his lips as he looked up at the new generation Helicarriers and their new weapon system.
“You knew we were coming,” Tony concluded, and he lowered his hands, but kept the repulsors attack-ready.
When Steve opened his eyes again, the forest was pale with early morning. It was still raining, though the sharp cold wind had definitely lessened. There was a weight on Steve’s shoulder and across his ribcage. He opened his eyes cautiously and looked down. Tony’s head was in the curve of his shoulder and his arm across his stomach.
“Steve!” Tony called. “There you are. I was just about to send Jarvis up there to drag you down. Come here.”
Very slowly, Steve allowed his head to drop forward in his hands. He felt all of them staring at him, their eyes anxious.
“Never mind.” Tony yawned, groaning in pleasure when something popped—probably his back. The guy didn’t have a very good posture whenever he sat hunched over his work table “You’re just a lot easier to deal with this way.”
Tony was right. And yet, with SHIELD’s collapse, and HYDRA infiltrating them for decades, his metaphorical backbone had taken a serious hit. He was too afraid of being controlled to see what was right in front of him. “I have a feeling when all this is over, my Christmas card list will be down to a handful,” Fury said, instead of giving an actual answer.
“Gimme a sec,” Tony said, voice cutting through the dark silence of the cellar. “I need to get around his firewalls…” A pause. Almost two whole minutes passed before Tony spoke up again. “It’s a program for or choosing Project Insight’s targets.”
“Is officially Tony’s. Pepper already got the adoption papers settled. Wasn’t too much of a problem with us being married.”
, he hadn’t done that before, this was his first time, of course it was, and could whoever-he’d-been-with please show him how things worked, thanks very much.
For long moments, Natasha’s expression was carefully blank. Eventually, she took a deep breath, then pushed her right hand down her décolleté. Her fingers twirled around something, and then she was pulling out a pair of dog tags.
It was a battle of wills, Tony suspected. The implants were still trying to keep him on track—a mixture of sensory deprivation and indoctrination, molding him into the perfect assassin— while Barnes’ brain tried to force those memories back to the surface.
He just… couldn’t go home. Not yet. When he had walked into the building’s ruins five days ago, he had to fight the urge to sink to his knees and weep at the sight. To battle the tears that stung his eyes, every inch of him enveloped in a phantom pain of those hits Barnes and Steve had landed on him.
The man’s name sent a shiver down Steve’s spine. “He was very… informative,” he said diplomatically.
“Oh, come on,” Bucky said, his tone serious. “Nat told me you have this whole guilt-tripping thing going for you lately. You need to stop that. What happened to me wasn’t your fault, and you know it.”
Tony took a deep breath. “It’s slow, okay? Everything is really slow. I’m getting annoyed by my own AI, switching between tabs is literal hell, and don’t even get me started on using a fucking internet browser. It’s… it’s a work in progress, getting used to the slowness, and please don’t say you feel sorry for me because I
Steve groaned. There was no arguing with that. “I love you,” he mumbled mindlessly, threading his trembling fingers through Tony’s hair and jerking his head back just far enough so he could look at him. “Love you, love you, love you.”
The woman seemed to realize what was going to happen if she didn’t get up. She fought to her feet, and before he could so much as raise his gun, she rolled away, flipping herself from her back to her feet with almost no effort at all. Then, she threw herself at him.
Thor, Bruce and Clint had already departed for Maryland, while Sam directed the SUV through the busy streets. Tony had activated the com-line, directing their new location to Bruce’s phone via Extremis.
The television in the living room was running. The late night news were on and Steve didn’t need to hear a lot to know what they were saying about them. ‘Mass murderers’, ‘terrorists’—and those were just the most striking words. He remembered that Captain America-graffiti in Sokovia, with the word
Steve trailed off for a moment, and Tony was trying to read his expression, but his eyes were cast to the floor, and this was all… really fucking cryptic, wasn’t it?
Steve swallowed. So that’s why Tony had tried to hate him so much in the beginning. They would have to talk about that, eventually, but now wasn’t the time.
He’d told him plenty stories about his team, but he knew with perfect clarity that he’d never used Bucky’s name. Of course, Tony had always had a way of knowing things, but… there was no possible way he could’ve known about Bucky. Right?
Bucky ducked and raised his bionic arm in defense, grasping the man’s throat to keep him—and his claws—at a distance. They traded a few punches, before Bucky managed to throw the man off. Right in the direction of the approaching police cars.
“We’re thinking about having a kid, Tony and I,” Steve said and the words simply burst out of his lips. He might not have planned to share the big secret now of all times, but the thought of coming home and seeing that dream vanish before it even started—Steve just couldn’t do it.
He took a low breath, head dipping so he could press a soft kiss against Steve’s neck. “You know… back in the old days, when we’d just met,” he told him quietly, as if sharing a well-hidden secret. “When we went all alpha male whenever one of us opened his mouth? I might’ve trash-talked about you a lot, at home. And... JARVIS always suggested my frustration with you might have something to do with how much I let you get under my skin.”
“I…” Tony stopped, frowning. “You know, my sex-fantasies don’t usually ask that many questions. Come on, I’m
that we had was cruelty and desperation. And those two were intermingling so often that, eventually, I didn’t even know how to distinguish between them.”
Had he known the simple pleasure of being the source of a child’s delight, he wouldn’t have wasted so much time mulling this over. He wouldn’t have let Tony wait and wait and wait for a decision.
Steve smiled at him. He cupped his hand beneath his chin and made Tony look at him. “That’s not stupid. I think it’s a lovely wish. And I love you for making it, but… I know in my heart that it’s not necessary. You won’t ever become like Howard, you’re not capable for that, sweetheart. I wish you could stop worrying so much.”
When Steve approached the office half an hour later, his phone dinged with a message. It was from Dr. Bruce Banner, asking him to help with some lab set-up or something. It had been a while since he’d last set foot in the science faculty, but Steve was always happy to help, so he answered that he'd drop by as soon as he could.
“When I said we’re friends, I didn’t lie,” Steve said quietly, barely audible in the vast dark corridor.
Jarvis’ smile turned into something a little cheeky and something that looked, for just a second, a whole lot similar to Tony’s smirks. “I’m glad you brought Master Anthony back home, I was beginning to think we’d never see him again.”
he thought and suddenly, he staggered, trying to keep his balance, then found a hard surface taking form under his feet. Things began to shape themselves out of the blackness.
Barnes heaved another brutal swing, but Steve caught this one in midair and used the leverage to deliver a kick to Barnes’ lower back. For a moment, it looked like Steve might get him down on the ground, but then, Barnes leaped upward and smashed his boot against Steve’s face, knocking him to the ground for good.
Aside for the mass media and the thunderstorm of names they were called, there were about three hundred emails in his inbox, most of them from the military, as far as he could see, and many more from senators and other representatives of the government.
Steve grimaced, though he tried to hide it. Tony did have a point there, he hadn’t exactly put up much of a fight. “I was sure you were glad to be rid of me,” he explained quietly. “I was still surprised how well we… how good it was. Us, together, I mean. That you were willing to stick around, work together, after everything. And when we came back, I guess I just thought that… that I had no right to force you into spending time with me if you didn’t want to. It was very clear that you were avoiding me… and I wanted to respect that.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. And suddenly, he was in control again. Just like that. No period of adjustment, no collecting himself. In a flash, Steve’s insecurity vanished and he was exactly as Tony knew him, a tower of strength, fortitude pouring off his body in waves.
“Oh no,” Steve breathed. Slowly, as if in trance, he walked into the kitchen area. There was a paper calendar on the wall—a tradition Clint had once insisted on—and it was set to the month of June and the year on it was 2022.
And then Tony withdrew his hand and pulled away, and Steve felt a tug in his chest, like something was wrong. This wasn't how it went, but...
Tony hummed, frowning. “Not right away. JARVIS is still running the tracer. The location Fury gave us is correct but there’s something I can’t get a finger on from here…”
"Did you see?" he asked, a little too shaken to ask more clearly. When he reached for Tony, he clasped his hands in his. "Do you understand why we have to get that antidote now?"
That, of course, was when a detonation hit the glass front of the room. Steve had a split-second to realize what was happening, and on the next beat, Natasha had already thrown him down on the floor, his own hold on Tony taking him down as well.
Steve fell on the ground, and it was harder and harder to stand up again. When he did, though, there was some small hesitation on Bucky’s part. They stared at each other, the storm outside making it somewhat difficult to hold their position, but neither of them moved.
Steve’s wobbling legs were fighting to maintain balance. “What are you talking about?” he asked. “You keep mentioning…
“No,” Tony said vehemently. “Do you really think I’d torment myself like this? The interior designs have been approved over a year ago. I never knew if I’d find you, and… Pepper—my…” He faltered briefly, frowning. “She’s my ex-personal assistant, my boss, and also kinda my ex-girlfriend, you’ll love her, and she… she had the room designed. I never had anything to do with it. I just told her she should do whatever she wanted and… fuck, I never even realized.”
“Can I take it off?” Steve asked with a glance at Tony, and he only managed to get a nod in, before Ian had already pulled until the nano fabric came off.
He still felt the fear. The terror. A foreboding so inherent he wondered if he had ever believed in anything else; wondered if this terrible destiny had been there, hanging right above their heads all along, and Tony had just been too blind to see it.
Steve thought it over for a moment, then smiled. It had taken long enough for Tony to allow a professional to care for Ian for so much as an hour, so Steve should probably be encouraged that Tony suggested a teammate for the first time. And anyway, a few hours for themselves sounded heavenly. “Okay,” he said, returning Tony’s embrace.
“It’s one of the few safe houses not listed on SHIELD’s servers,” Hill explained to Bruce, who’d cast her a disbelieving look upon inspecting the state of the room.
A soft sigh rolled through his mind and he turned his attention inward. He knew what was coming now. Stark was always talking when he came here. He blabbered incessantly and didn’t seem to realize when his audience had drifted off to a better place.
It was… it shouldn’t surprise Steve. Dammit, it surely shouldn’t leave him open-mouthed and outright
They sat him down on a chair and his fingertips dug into it, as he slowly raised his head so that he could see. And it was—
I'm deeply sorry that it took me so long to post a new chapter to this. I plan to post the final chapter in the next couple of days, tho, so you won't have to wait as long again!
"You know I can," Steve said lowly, his hands finally tracing down to Tony's pants and undoing them in one quick movement. He wondered idly how much of his control he could let go of, and briskly shoved the rest of Tony’s clothes down his thighs. His hand smoothed along Tony's dick, but didn't linger. After dropping another kiss onto Tony's lips, he reached both hands to Tony's bare ass and pulled him against himself.
He awoke in a dark, closed space. He was standing, his arms crossed over his chest, his waist restrained to the surface behind him. There was some sort of liquid around him. It was not warm and yet not altogether cold. But it was unyielding. Uncomfortable. The entire place was uncomfortable. It smelled odd, thick with antiseptic, and the odors of staleness and something else, something familiar he could not identify. Whatever it was, it was not a pleasant smell. The space around him was pitch black, and he could not see at all.
"I won't wither away if we have sex right now, don't be ridiculous," Steve said, giving Tony a stern look that was completely ruined by his huge grin, before pulling back. "You wanna join me in the kitchen or are you going back to sleep?" he asked, and he didn't really mind either way.
Steve groaned. He briefly put his face in his hands, felt his cheeks flush slightly. “It’s none of your business, Natasha.”
There was a little pause and Tony could almost see the gears turning in Steve’s head. “Natasha and Sam,” he said, eventually, putting the upmost professionalism into his voice, “you’ll come with me and Tony. Thor, you’ll take Clint and Bruce with you. Retrieve the wings, and come back to DC as fast as you can. We’ll all meet up at Fury’s checkpoint. Status reports only via our private servers.”
Natasha nodded her agreement, grabbing for the parachute with a quick movement. Steve had never doubted the probability of Natasha and Clint doing a few side missions for SHIELD while they were helping out in DC. He wouldn’t have minded, he
“Alright,” Steve said after a moment, reaching a decision. Natasha was right, if he didn’t try to find Tony, he’d never get over it. “Ask Stark if he can be of help.”
They let go, smiling at each other, before schooling their expressions once more. Together, they walked back into the conference room, just as the heavy tread of Ross’ steps resounded, accompanied by the fretting of his assistants.
Slowly, Tony turned his head on the bench, glancing over his shoulder at Steve. He was still panting, too, and his eyes were not-so-subtly fixed on Tony’s ass. That was quite the sight, probably, but somehow, Tony couldn’t find it in himself to be self-conscious about any of this. He only just managed to press his sweat-laced hands against the bench’s steel frame, raising his upper body with a long, trembling sigh to lie down more comfortably.
They raced across the city, and Tony was mindful to keep Steve in a somewhat comfortable position as he headed towards Stark—no—Avengers Tower. He had to tease Steve a little, but he also felt worry eat at him. Breathing in weird and potentially lethal toxins from outer space, that was bound to have consequences. And he really had to get Steve, and Romanov, and Barton into those decontamination showers as soon as possible.
to find him. Year after year after year. And your hopes would’ve been destroyed over and over again. You would’ve never become the man you are today, never become an Avenger, and you never would’ve met Tony.”
He watched Steve and Bucky running towards the hangar. He shot a few repulsors after them for good measure, all of them missing by a few inches. His concentration faltered only as Wanda’s magic delivered him to the laws of gravity and he was thrown to the floor below.
“Steve… if Ultron really planned to use the city as some form of meteor… the impact will kill thousands. And once it gets high enough…”
“I actually think I will.” He mostly agreed to get Steve out of the room. He needed time to think—to
“Inform me?” Steve asked inelegantly, then looked around once more. “I… Uh, have you seen Mister Stark?”
Everything else didn't matter, then. Steve smiled into his eyes and Tony knew they would chase down the shadows that haunted them.
“He’s a… failed experiment in robotics. Just… ignore him,” Tony said, and the whirring noises from DUM-E’s servos really
“Trust me, I got this.” Tony’s face went slack, and before Steve could anything else, a fierce blue shone within his eyes.
Natasha nodded, her eyes flickering to Tony once, before she walked on. Sam took hold of Clint’s other side and followed without another comment. Only Bucky lingered for a moment longer, raising his eyebrows at Steve, but Steve shook his head and motioned for him to go on, too. He did, reluctantly, but only after casting Tony a long, contemplative look.
Tony looked up and turned, a small smile on his face. He reached out to him, and once Steve stood at his side, he took one of his hands, squeezing it lightly. “Look,” he said, nodding at the paper.
Tony sighed and rubbed a hand across his eyes. He really hoped Steve was right and they were able to get evacuation well underway before they had to face Ultron. The alternative was something he really didn’t want to think about.
Tony’s eyes softened. “You do. And I want you to know that you can ask me anything. I meant it when I said I want you to feel at home here.”
He looked down, bringing himself in position, and his cock, blunt and large against that small hole made him pause.
“Thank you,” Steve said and watched as the two slowly walked away. There was something about them, he thought absently. He’d met a few police officers back home, whenever he’d gotten in a fight, and those two, they seemed… different.
SR 7:07 P.M.>I think I'll be out of here by tomorrow. Can't wait to see you again. Can we make it the day after tomorrow?
A war of emotions surged within Tony, each battling for superiority. His lower regions wanted to press closer and rub against Steve’s dick until he would cave. Logic told him to step back and let Steve go if he wanted to… but outside of his projects, logic wasn’t exactly Tony’s primary driving force. “Steve…” he said, leaning in again.
“Come on. Over here,” she called and pulled him with her. Around a corner, next to another shelf, Rhodey sat in a chair.
“For someone who doesn’t have any information, you’re surprisingly well informed,” Tony shot back, curling both hands into fists.
Tony seemed to be already fast asleep, lying on a thin bed sheet on the ground, the one-man bed next to him untouched. And every second of standing in the doorway, staring down on the sleeping form, Steve hurt just a little more.
It nearly startled Steve out of his skin to hear the name given life. Not ‘Tony’s wife’, not ‘Mrs. Stark’. Pepper had said her name.
With that in mind, Steve grabbed his bag and made to say goodbye to his teammates, and only about an hour later, he left the mansion behind.
grand gestures." He considered if he should say anything more. "I'd rather we just… arrange something, just for the two of us." How exactly did he even get to the point where he was talking to Tony about anniversaries, again?
“That’s a nice thought,” Mister Stark said quietly. He fiddled with a few blades of grass, twirling them, but never ripping them off the ground. “Tell me something?” he asked.
It didn't matter that Tony's primary intention was probably lewd. Steve didn't think sexual interest was a bad thing, not at all, and he hurried along the task of throwing off the heavily plated garments.
Okay, maybe he wanted Steve to at least give him some sort of a hint on where they were going with this, because…
Tony snorted against Steve’s lips, but drew back anyway. He squeezed Steve’s hand gently, before he settled back into his seat and closed his eyes.
“I had hoped they would,” Vision supplied, still smiling at Tony. However possible, he simultaneously looked like a proud father and a gloating teenager.
Tony didn’t seem bothered. “Yeah, well, marrying a man—and me of all people—might’ve put a little damper on your political popularity, but the people adore you, and they know that. You’re still every bit America’s beacon of hope, now more so than ever, and trust me—if you offer, they will plaster themselves on you before you can even start quoting the Constitution’s first article.”
Steve was making a strangled sounding noise, body leaning up and pressing into Tony as if he couldn’t bear to not have every inch of his skin touching Tony’s.
A part of him wanted to stay mad at Steve, but Steve—he just had to be around him all the time; with his stupid eyes and his stupid hands and his stupid voice that went along nicely with said stupid hands as they randomly touched him whenever they were watching movies or spending time in Tony’s shop.
A smile had taken hold of Steve’s face and he shook his head with a soft expression. “You called him Bucky. That’s a first.”
Bucky didn’t seem convinced so Steve let his shoulders sag and just spilled it all out in one go. Now that Bucky knew, all bets were off anyway. “We kissed. Two days ago. Things got complicated, that’s why he left yesterday. When he came back, well, you know. I wasn’t… he was drunk, sure, but he didn’t force himself on me. I stopped him before it got any further, but… I might’ve been… willing, under different circumstances.”
Steve laughed and clapped Bucky’s knee. “Really appreciate that, Buck. Don’t worry about me, I’ll talk to him soon.”
Steve turned away, focusing a hard stare at the skyline. “It’s easy for her to say that, she wasn’t there. I should’ve moved faster, done something different. Shouldn’t have let you fall… not down that train, and not into their hands.”
“Look,” Natasha started, putting her hands on Steve’s shoulders. “I don’t know anything about shared dreams. Any number of things could have happened to give you these dreams. Perhaps it really was the serum, but I have no idea why you should share the dreams with a foreign person from another time. There is no telling, Cap.”
Bruce nodded. He was already fixing up an infusion, and Tony was so out of it, he didn’t even feel the needle pierce his arm.
Entering the ship via the Helicopter landing pad was easy enough. He had the distinct feeling that his presence rang on the side of unwelcome, but that had never kept him from going in head-first into such situations. He looked around the premise for a moment. The lower level of the Lemurian Star stretched for a good half mile and there was no way to look around without blowing his cover.
Hell, he’d once shoved his tongue right into Tony’s mouth in the middle of an interview when some tea party bigot had declared how disgusting he found Captain America’s ‘fairy relationship’ and how he, a symbol of American masculinity, was a disgrace to the whole country. Tony probably would’ve punched him in the face for that if he hadn’t been so busy getting groped on national television.
Steve sighed heavily and shook his head. “At least let us switch places each night, okay? It can get cold, even in summer. I really don’t care about where I’m sleeping, and… I don’t want to ruin this trip for you.”
Steve rolled his eyes at him, then offered Tony a smile that was more dazed than he would have liked, and went inside the RV.
Goddammit… How he had ever thought that he’d enjoyed sex before was beyond him. He had no idea how long they stayed like this, with Tony breathing hard, his face buried in Steve’s shoulder. “No regrets, right?” Tony murmured, his forehead pressed against Steve’s damp skin, willing his words to be true.
“So…” he started, as soon as he was dressed, but trailed off immediately after. He frowned, and suddenly realized that he had no idea where to go from here. He hadn’t even really meant to do this—basically jumping Steve’s bones as soon as he saw him, demanding a quickie, and getting fucked in the gym of all places and now, what?
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve interrupted, and looked back at her. “You don’t have to agree with us. We don’t need your consent to keep him here.” He shot the rest of them—Coulson in particular—a look that warned them not to argue with him.
Without another beat, Steve pulled him nearer, hugging him with all he had. At the same time, they both wrapped their arms around each other and Steve pressed a relieved smile into Bucky’s shoulder.
Tony had carved the idea out of his mind, but a few weeks in, Steve had brought the topic back up. He’d never told Tony why, but soon after, the joking had given way for… more serious conversations. They had spent
. Steve had to remind himself more often than he cared to admit. It just seemed so surreal. It still felt as if he’d met Peggy only short of five years ago. She’d been so vibrant and full of life, so determined to make the future hers. And he’d missed it.
Tony never made it seem like he missed that sort of charm and glamour. With Steve, he’d certainly chosen a partner who was everything Indries’ hadn’t been.
that losing his wife was the one thing Tony could never recover from. And that there were certain things they would never talk about. Certain things about Tony that Steve would never know.
of each other, Tony,” Steve repeated, with a bit more force behind it. “We shared dreams while we lived in a whole different timeline. There were five decades between us, don’t you think that counts for something?”
about correcting them—that there was no such thing as a single ‘way’ for their lovemaking, thanks very much—but in the end, he held his tongue. Some things really didn’t need to be discussed.
Clint started the motor, the tires squealing as he backed out of the parking lot and onto the residential street. He pulled onto the freeway, heading out of town. As they drove down the highway leading to Kent Island, Tony sat stiffly next to him, face turned away, staring into distance.
Steve was the first one through the elevator door, and he stopped so abruptly that Tony ran right into him.
Tony grinned, and closed his eyes briefly to see if he could access Extremis again. And he could—there was no pain whatsoever. Extremis had settled inside him like some long-lost lover. “Only in the good ways.”
The smile of reassurance that crossed Rhodey’s face was only mildly comforting. He removed the washcloth the next second despite Tony’s murmur of protest, then gestured to the nightstand. “He said you’d have a bad headache,” he said. “He ran out this morning to get some aspirin. You want it now?”
He opened a video at the monitor. There were scenes from the Chitauri invasion running over the screen. Rubble from buildings falling on the ground, burying people beneath.
It had to be that alien plant. Whatever Steve had inhaled the day before, it was somehow playing tricks on him. Steve had been standing right next to that bulb when it exploded, of course he’d be the first to show signs of whatever that thing was doing with him.
They all walked through the big doors and were instantly overwhelmed with the smell of mildew and something that could only be described as ‘grandmother’s attic’. Steve had always loved the time capsule aspect of the whole thing—the place was built to recall earlier times, and stayed frozen in the era of its birth ever since.
“Mmhm?” he answered with a distracted hum, then rubbed his forehead. “Sorry. Did something happen?” Steve fixed him with an inquisitive look.
Steve leaned forward to speak right into Tony’s ear. “He’s asleep. This won’t wake him. Come on, let me hear you.” With that, Steve increased the pace of his thrusts, pumping deep and hard, reaching around front of him to play with Tony’s cock again.
Tony nodded. After a beat, he reached to the floor next to himself, and took Steve’s shield into his hands. “And I wanted to give this back.”
“We won’t give up,” Tony declared softly. “I’ll track him to the end of the earth if I have to. Won’t give him a chance to come after any of us.”
Just as Tony had hoped, Steve gasped from where he was kneeling above him, thrusting his hips into Tony’s.
Now, though, their kiss was melted savagery with yearning, pure desire and anger, and tenderness mixed with cruelty. And in this moment, Tony loved him—loved him and hated him in equal measures.
But time was working in their favor and everyone was doing a great job with getting Barnes off the Congress’s grit. It was only a matter of days, now—Tony was sure of it.
Thus, Steve’d spent those last days in a state of haze and while Tony had cast him cautious glances at first, he was now keeping his distance. It was really frustrating after the good time they’d been having. It felt a lot like a setback, and Steve
Agent Romanoff was the first to enter the large interrogation room. She was followed by Agent Barton and a man Steve hadn’t met yet. A man who wore an honest-to-God
Steve gasped. Blood had pooled beneath Tony, and his undersuit was soaked with it. “Oh God, come on,” Steve coaxed as he removed the rest of his armor. “Don’t do this. Not now.” He fumbled with his utility belt then pressed something to the wound, but realized it was coming out of Tony’s back, too.
“Yeah, I know. Got it under control,” Steve replied, trying to sound put together. He had promised himself that he wouldn’t show the terror he’d felt upon seeing Wanda Maximoff’s vision, or the anxiety that still plagued him at the thought of Ultron controlling Tony via Extremis. As ridiculous as it sounded, he couldn’t quite get over the thought that they might not have much time left, and if that was the case, Steve didn’t want anything more to come between them. Saying it out loud would make it another problem.
The suggestion, though anticipated, still shocked Steve. So much that, at first, he couldn’t react at all.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to clear his mind. Something wasn’t quite right about all of this. That much he got. Something was up, that was why Steve had decided that fleeing was his only option, that he even had to call in reinforcements, and Tony just hadn’t figured it out yet.
Blood dribbled down his hand, the rifle tearing into his palm, as if his fingers refused to pull the trigger on their own accord. He didn’t blink, though, didn’t look away from the man in the middle of his target cross. He'd known him, once upon a time.
“Wait a minute.” Steve went back to the lean-to, dug around in the pockets of his jacket and came back in triumph when he found a roll of mints.
Tony sighed diplomatically and shook his head, rubbing the bridge of his nose with tired exasperation.
“Tony, we need to get inside, soon,” Steve said, as he heard Iron Man beating through the sky with a sense of dread. He hated that Tony was always the first to break through the barriers and invading those buildings. Thor was usually needed to keep the ground forces at bay, and Sam was most efficient when keeping the aerial weapons busy, which had put Tony in the position of their scout and first man on scene.
. There were little quakes shaking through his body and only now, Steve could smell the salt of his sweat.
Tony sighed while squatting down in front of Steve. “We talked about this. It’s good to push him out of his comfort zone. Just please don’t do it on your own.”
Next to him, Maria stepped into the room. She laid a hand on her left ear, listening to the comm-line. “Barton placed the first blade,” she told them quietly. “They’re initiating launch.”
“Superheroes on Hiatus,” Tony murmured, his voice sleepy. “We’ll put it on Twitter, let them guess.”
After the doctor cleared Tony for their flight home, they all left for the Quinjet without saying much more, and Steve went over to hover unobtrusively near Tony’s still form. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust the local doctors, but with the arc reactor, he’d really only calm down as soon as their medical experts at home had taken a look at him. He handed the keys to the Quinjet over to Clint, not really wanting to pilot without Tony at his side.
The bastard had always been too perceptive for his own good. And apparently, some of that knowledge had survived the transition. Once again, Tony wondered how much of JARVIS actually remained in the Vision.
was perfect. How Tony did deserve any of this, he would never know, but he sure as hell wouldn’t question it right now.
. Without a doubt,” he declared vehemently. Tony’s eyes were drawn to him by the sincerity in his low voice and he found he could not look away. “I missed my chance… before. And I don’t know if I’ll ever see him again… after this. I know he’s still in there, Tony. I owe him another try. You
Rhodey was about to protest, Tony could see it, so he just turned around and—very gracefully—walked down the way towards the lab.
“Autographs?” Steve asked, confused. Of course he’d been a bit famous back in the days, and Tony had known about him, but all of that was long over.
Tony hummed, rubbing a hand over his neck, as if embarrassed. “When I sold the Tower and moved to the Compound, I don’t know… I wasn’t in a good place, and I guess I didn’t want to be cheered up.”
The only ones who would call him right now would be Bucky or Sam. His two colleagues had helped in finding Stane’s lair today. Sam, as the team’s forensic scientist, would be busy surveying the crime scene by now, and Bucky surely had taken the hint and stepped in after Steve had called at the LAPD, telling him that he needed to back down for the evening.
The images would hopefully follow Tony through the netherworlds after all of this was over. Because it wasn’t over yet—it
He leaned back a little, staring at the room as if the memory was truly coming alive. “She was face to face with me and she was smiling. ‘Well, Tony, what are you going to do about it?’ she asked. And I suppose I went mad for a moment. I must have struck her, I… I can’t really remember. All I could see was her. Laughing. Gloating. And I remember how I yelled at her, then shoved her. I wanted her to go away, so I pushed, and… When I looked down… ages afterwards, she was lying on the floor. She’d struck her head on a heavy piece of ship’s tackle. I remember wondering why she was still smiling… then I realized she was dead. I didn’t want to do it—but she fell and she hit her head, and I
Steve wasn't sure where he even was anymore. All he knew was that the bed was soft, and Tony's fingers teasing, and that he was burning, but still needed more warmth. He felt completely unhinged, and that could've been terrifying if it hadn't been for Tony. All he could think of now was getting Tony inside of him instead of these fingers.
Tony felt a mixture of surprise and betrayal. The first because Steve-”There’s only one God, Ma’am”-Rogers was apparently sitting through the entire movie, and the second because they were watching Monty Python without him in the first place.
“If we will be horribly murdered in a few seconds, I’m gonna blame this on you,” Tony muttered, as Natasha took Tony’s hand and dragged him towards the entry.
“Right. Steve, you gotta hold him down. Tony,” Bruce pursed his lips in sympathy. “Don’t fight blacking out.”
Together, they watched with bated breath as the sun kept playing hide and seek with the clouds. And then: the clouds suddenly cleared off as the sun—now merely a thin faint line of light, a dying crescent—shone against the gray skies.
“Oh for God’s sake, Barnes, get over here,” Tony said. “I have to leave in about eight hours and I plan to spend most of it in a bed with my husband, so could we get it over with?”
Tony grinned, his mind already on a fast track to the endless possibilities that’d come with having their own space. Staying over at Steve’s, with Bucky’s bedroom just across the hallway, had been… well, not so pleasant for all parties involved.
And any second, Steve was certain he was going to wake up, realizing that he was only dreaming a very weird, and very impossible dream.
saw him. For someone who could give as good as he got, whether fighting or arguing or… or just talking, even. Comforting each other. Watching each other’s back. Taking up the other’s cause. Someone who was his equal, but also his better, who made him want to
They settled for a few minutes in companionable silence, with Bucky studying the mountains around them. Then, he cleared his throat. “So, have you seen Stark today?” Bucky asked. “Nat said he was pretty wasted. He probably doesn’t have a very pleasant morning.”
“Tony…” Steve whispered. Tony ignored him, still staring at Bucky instead, though he looked like he could barely hold himself on his feet.
Steve knew—Zola’s testimony was enough to verify what his eyes were telling him with factuality; and yet he heard and disbelieved its weight with callous concentration.
Still, he was better off than Steve had been, and that thought alone made every ounce of pity in Tony's heart vanish.
Steve had no idea how all of this was supposed to make him feel better. So JARVIS had cared for them, that wasn’t big news, exactly. He had surely never understood why the AI was so much more special than any other bit of tech he’d come across in this century—he had never grasped the technicalities of it—, and he hadn’t particularly cared either. JARVIS had been unique, simple as that. “He was more than code, or storage space,” Steve said with a serious tone. “I know you don’t understand that, but—”
It was a mistake, kicking Tony out like this. But by the time Steve’s hungover brain realized that, Tony was all but jogging out of his room. Steve opened his mouth just as Tony disappeared behind the doorframe and he scrambled to follow him out of the bedroom.
Tony snorted. Sam would fit into the team just fine. “I’m good here. Thanks.” With that, he cast Sam a grateful smile. “Don’t know if you’re interested in this becoming a long-term thing, but there’s plenty of space in the tower and you’re welcome whenever.”
“Like this?” he asked coyly, and he was probably making quite the show out of it—ass raised up high, legs parted as much as possible, back curved like a cat—but what the hell… He wanted Steve. Steve wanted him. Anything else didn’t matter.
Tony’s eyes once more flickered to the stump where his metal arm had been. “What, don’t you want your arm back?”
Rain pelted against the hard glass of the Quinjet, flattening into thick rivulets of clear water running down and across the thick panes. The multicolored flight lights flared and swirled in blinking patterns, brightening the otherwise gloomy sky outside.
Tony raised an eyebrow at that, staring at him with blunt astonishment. “And the rest of him was human? You’re sure?”
Steve closed his eyes, breathing in Tony’s scent. “No matter how this ends, I will never regret saying yes to you.”
Tony knew love didn’t always triumph. He wasn’t stupid. Love, when tested, most times failed to beat the odds. But it didn’t make what they’d had any less true.
"No ridiculousness, got it," Tony said, frowning a bit, before looking away. He couldn’t quite keep the somber tone out of his voice. He’d tried changing for Pepper, and while he knew he was sometimes leaving the path of common sense and just going for what felt right… he didn’t know if he could do that again.
, putting pressure on all those parts of his body that were still tender, but right now, he didn’t care. It felt as though Steve was trying to shove him through the wall, as if he wanted to vent the rage that still clamored inside him and Tony was the nearest target.
"I see you've met our History of Art teacher Steve Rogers," Bruce said, pointedly eyeing Tony, who was still holding onto Steve's hand. "And Steve…" He turned to him with a smile that was a touch too pleasant. "…this is my seventeen year old assistant, Tony Stark."
—” he yelled when he saw them, then glanced up just in time to see Wanda’s magic shattering what appeared to be the ground level of an old control tower. She let it fall to the side and Tony watched in horror as Steve staggered and both he and Bucky hurtled into the last space beneath it. Debris crashed, and then it was over. The marines couldn’t follow them, which had been Wanda’s plan, probably, but now Tony wasn’t sure if Steve and Bucky made it to the other side.
For fear of making anything collapse more than it already had, Steve made no sharp movements, didn't let his tone of voice change, but he was immediately peeved. "How about
"He's usually more composed," Bucky said with a mischievous grin. "How did you even get from ready to punch him in the face to…" He lifted his eyebrows suggestively.
Tony hadn’t mentioned what had transpired when he’d flown through the portal, and Steve wasn’t about to brave the subject just now. When he’d tried on the way over here, Tony’s jaw had clenched and he’d heaved a long sigh, but there was little more.
The sun was casting orange and pink lights through the window, though, so Tony just closed his eyes again, relishing the warmth on his skin.
have known the risks. Not Ultron going rogue, of course, but Tony was a genius at heart. He must have been reciting the risks to himself since the second he’d taken the scepter into his hand. He must have known it could come down to this.
“Holy fucking shit,” Tony mumbled inarticulately, still shaking with the force of his orgasm. His limbs felt like jelly, and everything in the world had dropped away into nothing except for Steve’s breaths against his ear.
“Oh, no, I do remember,” Tony exclaimed. “It was… Thanos, right? The one you wore in Wakanda? God, that’s long ago. Where did you even find it?”
Steve didn’t say. The shock over what had happened yesterday was still plainly visible on his features.
“How could I not?” Tony asked. “I’ve been outta my mind when you were gone… thinking about you. Knowing…” He paused again, a long sigh rolling off his shoulders. “Knowing what I said to you. And I’ve missed you so much. I had someone look for you every day, for sixteen years. I flew over the damn Atlantic too many times to count.” He broke away, pressing his brows to Steve’s. “Just hoping I’d have the chance to tell you how much you mean to me.”
A whirring sound distracted Steve just as he was ready to press his pencil to the surface again. He turned around and looked at the door to the workshop. The handle jumped a few times before opening. By then, Steve was already on his feet, ready to take on whoever it was, but was shocked to stillness when he saw the robotic arm Tony had built rolling into the room like he owned the place.
Next to him, Sam huffed in amusement. “Does he write these things down first, or is it just off the top of his head?”
“Well, you know how stubborn I can be. When I put my mind to something, I don’t rest until I see it through.”
“We’re stronger than this, you know that. You didn’t leave me when I messed up with Ultron. I won’t leave you. We’re a team, a family, we fight, we mess up, we get over it, remember? I won’t leave you.”
Still, even though he cared dearly for each and every one of them, they weren’t the reason he was here.
Then he spotted a case of sharp metal instruments on a tray beside the operating table; the blade of a scalpel gleaming in the low light.
Strange stepped closer to him and Tony had never hated him and his stupid goatee and his stupid cape as much as in this very moment.
"Good to know," he said, lifting his own fork and pointing at Tony's plate with it. "Now finish breakfast." He smiled. "I got plans for us after this."
That’s what Steve had seen, right? The burned flesh, the blistering skin, the glowing red eyes. That’s what rebelling had cost Tony. And that face, that horrific, gruesome face was only a representation of the pain he must’ve gone through.
he shouldn’t go. He wasn’t the jealous type, never had been, and Steve certainly had never given him any reasons to worry.
As fast as he could, he stumbled out of the room and raced down the hall, determined to get as far from Obadiah Stane as possible before he could do something stupid like punch him in the guts.
“No,” Tony shot back, and Steve instantly knew he was lying. “Sounds like a solid plan. We’ll only see each other as often as we absolutely need to, and that’s that.”
“You might affect your own time, yes. The act of time travel always produces a juncture diverging a new alternate timeline. You can’t remember travelling to the future, can you?”
Steve’s cheeks rouged. The tenderness between his thighs was foreign, yes, but it wasn’t bad. “A little,” he replied. “It’s alright.”
Steve laughed at that, heavy breaths rupturing through his chest, and Tony gave him a pointed look, eyes half-lidded. “Not sure how to be good here... Any pointers?”
People were clapping and laughing at his form, while he was still half-sobbing from the terror of it all. He tried to focus on the shapes of their bodies, bent over like trees in the wind, but his eyes keep getting pulled away to the rest of the room. Squirming against the back of the chair, he stared up at his morbid surrounding.
“Just about. Bucky and Nat asked for another half hour.” Another kiss swept across his skin. “They wanted a moment alone.”
, all right, all right,” Tony breathed and—ever so casually—moved his hips backwards. “Jesus, when did you get so shameless? Just give me a minute. Or two. We need to at least say goodbye before we blow this joint and I probably shouldn’t do that with a boner.”
Steve set down his pen and rubbed his forehead. It was obvious avoiding the issue wouldn't do him any good. Sooner or later, he'd have to face Tony, and the rest of the team. He couldn't keep hiding. But what would he tell him?
“You must show me your art someday,” Pepper told him. “Tony really got me curious—he seemed very fond of your sketches.”
Dating a seventeen year old seemed to be alright for now, sleeping with one… not so much.  Or that’s what Tony thought was going on, anyways.
“Staying like this won’t undo what happened,” Tony told him with an intense look, but he did pause at the threshold. Steve swallowed, then nodded and followed Tony into the room.
Well, this was going to be fun, Tony decided. All in all, he and Steve hadn’t had a real argument with each other since their wedding and this was probably long overdue.
The intensity of the lights around him left his retinas throbbing, black spots peppering his vision like falling snow. He clamped his eyes shut and, clutching the edges of the hard-packed cot in front of him, waited for the world to stop spinning.
A smile stole its way to Steve’s lips, and he saw the same smile reflecting on Tony’s lips before he even managed to answer.
“Condom and lube will be your best friends if you wanna have sex in this century,” Tony said. “Sorry, that’s not exactly good pillow talk, but did anyone update you on STDs?”
When Steve looked up again, Tony was slowly walking down the stairs. He looked terribly lost when he saw all of the others in their respective groups, with seemingly no place where he was welcome right now. Though Steve genuinely had no idea what to say to him, he was unable to bear it and was just about to call Tony over to the dinner table, when Clint’s son Cooper beat him to it.
He was barely aware of the others standing up until Obi tapped his foot against Tony’s. Reif was offering him his hand, smiling kindly. “Mister Stark, we are always very proud of all our PhD graduates and the high-quality research they produce for their theses. MIT as a community strives to develop the ability and passion to work for the betterment of humankind in each of our members. But I have to say that…
“Maybe it’ll get clearer when we reach the camp,” Steve said and realized all too late that he’d already lost Tony again.
He’d thought about how it’d feel to hold the weight of it in his palm. About tasting him, then spread him with his fingers and delve into his body, lap at his skin and sample his mouth while his legs closed around him and squeezed him so good he’d come undone just from that. He saw them together, limbs entwined, bodies moving together, Tony’s mouth suckling greedily on his cock before Steve took him again and again and again…
"I remember," Steve said, recalling that part of the night was easy. He'd been acting on impulse and making a fool of himself, but he hadn’t been all that intoxicated, yet, so the memory of it was as vivid and embarrassing as memories could be. "Tony, please…"
Steve glared at him. The trembles wracking his form were becoming more pronounced. As though he could not contain himself. “Don’t make this a joke. After everything that happened last year, everything we went through, I should’ve known better. I shouldn’t have taken such high risks, I…” His head bowed reverently. “If you’re mad at me, that’s all right. I deserve that, I…” He trailed off, and it was such a strange expression etched on Steve’s face. Despite the two-something-years they were together now, Tony didn’t think he had ever seen Steve thoroughly unhinged to the point where he didn’t know what to say. He had often come unglued, but never to the point of losing his ability to voice what he was thinking.
“Obi,” Tony said, his pleasant voice bringing Steve back to himself. “I didn't expect the whole staff to greet us. I think I told you that it wasn’t necessary.”
He had experienced his share of wonders. Surviving his childhood. Surviving his youth. Surviving the army. Surviving the super-soldier serum.
His heart-rate was still working itself back to normal, and Steve closed his eyes momentarily. He focused on the gentle touch on his face, Tony's warmth, the softness of the bed under him. He concentrated on the fresh air, clear of dust and moisture-stealing ruthlessness, letting himself lose the sense of displacement. This, he decided then and there, would never happen again.
The thought, the mere suggestion, made Steve’s stomach churn. His jaw tightened. “I thought the punishment usually came after the crime.”
He didn’t usually mind the wilderness. He didn’t mind being outside during the sticky heat of summer or the blistering cold of winter. But those last days had really done a number on the two of them. They hadn’t been able to eat much, and they’d spent most of the day lying in their shelter, trying to keep warm and save energy.
Tony felt like he’d run a good hundred miles, if the way his heart was hammering inside his chest was any indication.
Something in Steve’s insides churned painfully, realizing that Ian might have, at some point, developed this distance to him, however minor it might be.
“Months,” Tony corrected himself, as he busied himself with Steve’s belt buckle. “Or years. Let’s go with years.”
For the last hours, Indries had always been there with them, inside this room, almost coming back to life every time her name had crossed Tony’s lips. But here—now—he could lose himself in the fantasy that he was the only one on Tony’s mind. The only one who mattered.
Tony smiled as well, and Steve was very aware at how close they were. He’d been aware every second they’d stayed here, lying in the grass together, but now, Tony’s eyes were repeatedly flickering to Steve’s lips and suddenly, Steve’s whole body burned with the need of…
Steve was wearing some sort of pajama pants, and not much else. The pants had some goofy red and gold pattern that was so unlike Steve that Bucky had to physically fight back a snarky comment. It was showing the robot he’d fought on the bridge.
. It was unthinkable. He had heard Bucky talk about love often, whenever he’d taken a fancy to some girl, but he hadn’t described the swelling feeling clamoring his heart. The way he felt he couldn’t breathe whenever he so much as looked at Mister Stark.
Steve snorted, then started to laugh. A breathy, happy laugh as he pulled Tony into a tight embrace. “We saved the world,” he murmured wondrously.
“I know,” Steve said. There was no attempt at deception in his tone; he knew exactly what he was doing, what he was risking. But he was brutally determined.
Tony watched how Clint basically ran over to where Thor stood before the guy had even finished talking.
The house itself wasn’t grandiose—wasn’t the sort of place to come to mind at the mention of a 250 years old mansion in Virginia, but with the red brimstones and the white window-frames, there was sort of a simplistic beauty about the exterior which placed it in a category of its own.
Deep inside, Tony had always known that paying for reconstruction and smiling at a few cameras wouldn’t be enough this time around. He had known that something had been in the works, had known that, come the time, they would have to face the consequences of their actions. For a long while now, it was just a matter of when and in what form those consequences would be laid bare for them.
to disagree. Tony fucked up with Ultron, big time, we all know that, but… try seeing it from his point of view? If he genuinely thought this was his only chance at saving us—I mean, after the mess today, you do realize that Wanda Maximoff probably got to him first, right? In Sokovia? If he was so adamant on building a world peacekeeping program, then you can imagine how bad that vision must’ve been… You saw him after, the guy wasn’t in his right mind. Probably still isn’t.”
Sitting up in bed, he gazed around the room through eyes only half open, trying to identify the origin of that dream killing caterwauling. He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and tried to make them focus. His gaze moved past the window front, around the couch, up and down the bookshelves, past the cradle and—
“There is no such thing as me ‘nearly shooting’ anything and you know it,” Clint replied, and as if to prove his words, he picked up a peanut from the bowl in front of him, throwing it right at Tony’s forehead.
A door opened, spilling light into the room. The sight of Steve made Tony’s breath catch—and his foggy brain remembered. Right, this wasn’t his timeline. There was no FRIDAY, no lonely tower, no thousands of dead people weighing on his conscience.
Tony thought quietly. He turned around then, trying not to move too much. Lying down face to face, he pressed himself as close to Steve as was possible without waking him. Each minute, the proximity eased his fear and hurt a little. The bitter feeling in his gut diminished, pushed aside by the comfort the man sleeping at his side gave him.
He was memorizing him again. Imprinting Steve on his skin. Taking him inside his mouth, licking his tongue with his own, and Steve was setting him so aflame it was a wonder he could feel at all. His nerves were buzzing. His hands were entangled in Steve’s blonde hair, rubbing his cheeks, exploring his throat, yet he didn’t stop kissing him.
“Not as important as you,” Bucky said, and when Steve cast him a raised brow, he shrugged. “What? I’m just saying he doesn’t treat you right, not that he doesn’t love you. The guy is gone for you, I’m not blind. It’s the only reason I haven’t threatened to cut off his balls by now.”
“No,” Steve agreed. “I haven’t.” He felt Tony’s eyes piercing right through him. He squeezed his hand.
Tony settled on his side, trying to get comfortable. The motion caused a dull pain to itch through his abdomen, jostling every raw nerve that had made contact with that damn knife. A small groan edged through his lips, and he shook his head as if to urge the feeling away. He felt a lot more sober now, which explained the dull pain in his upper body, but the world was still somewhat woozy. “I’ve been better. Also been worse,” he settled on eventually.
“Leave?” he echoed, then huffed. “Great. A toast to that.” Tony saluted him with a bottle, which—as Steve saw only now—was mostly empty.
For a few minutes more, Tony listened with half an ear as Ross’ assistant ticked off the availability of the UN’s wetworks operatives and what they would do if Tony failed to do his job. The bulk of his attention, however, was on the hard copy reports of the Sokovia Accords right in front of him.
A small shiver rippled across Tony’s skin and his breath hitched slightly, encouraging Steve to roll his hips against him, making them both groan.
“Give me a moment to think,” Tony said, accepting the helmet Steve handed him and putting it back on. Only now, he saw Ultron’s dead form, lying on the ground, and even now, the helmet looked a lot like it was grinning.
The startled humor behind Tony’s snicker rivaled the irritation brewing inside of him, but he fell to sarcasm rather than anger. It was his thing.
“It’s not just that. I want to make her happy, alright?” Rhodey said with a low voice. “This is gonna be it for us. In a few weeks, she’s gonna be in Colorado. We’ll have a whole country between us and I’m not deluding myself into thinking that she’ll do a long-distance relationship with me. So, yes, I wanna spend a bit more time with her. Sue me.”
Steve hadn’t only beaten the shit out of him, he’d lied to him—kept secrets from him, and thus destroyed whatever friendship there had ever been between them.
His free hand settled on top of Steve’s cock, massaging the length of it while he finally pushed forward. He went slowly, but didn’t stop the movement, until the digit was all the way in. And wow, Steve was like a furnace inside. Sure, he’d always run hot, something about the enhanced metabolism, if Tony had to guess, but this—
“What? You thought that explaining that it was necessary and we were all just too dumb to understand it was going to make me feel better?”
Soon after, dinner was served, and just before the fireworks started, Tony pulled Steve to the dance area. He led him through the throngs of people and out on the open marble floor, ablaze with the light of several huge chandeliers. The back wall to the right was full of windows, along with several sets of open French doors, letting in the cool night air. Beyond that, Tony could barely make out the outlines of the huge Stark Expo premises.
“You were thinking,” Steve pointed out. “Don’t think. Let your mind go blank. Your body remembers the moves. Let it take over. Action and response. Just go with the flow.”
“Uh,” Tony said unintelligibly. What the hell had he grabbed there? In the corner of his eye, he saw Barnes pointing his tongue at him like the five-year-old he was, before he got distracted by a Frito-Lay display stand at the end of the aisle.
Steve snorted before he could help himself. “I hope so. Otherwise this relationship is not something I look forward to.”
They fitted together like hand in glove, and once the last bot was down, Tony couldn’t help but stare at Steve in utter wonder, as if truly seeing him for the very first time.
“Don’t be nervous,” Tony said between kisses. His own hands were less reserved, brushing along Steve’s waist, then up his back.
With that, he stood up and walked back to the workdesk. Stretching his back, then his arms, he sat back down. Bruce was right, there was no sense in looking at Nat’s and Clint’s data any longer. He glanced over to the bulb, which was safely stored away in a contamination dome. It was still in fairly good shape, though the leaves’ edges were starting to wither. Maybe if they understood its cell structure, they’d get a hint on how to stop those hallucinations from driving his teammates insane.
“What legal authority does an enhanced individual like Wanda Maximoff have to operate in Nigeria?” the news anchor asked, before the stream switched to live pictures of Lagos.
Tony was just preparing to go looking for his dearest husband, when suddenly, an inhuman sound split the air somewhere above him. Tony looked up just in time to see the Ant-Guy morph to a very giant-fucking-sized Ant-Guy. The appearance was baffling to Tony to the point where he could only open-mouthed stare.
“Don’t you think Sam would prefer you as a bunk partner? I could get handsy, you know,” Tony snapped with a vicious undertone.
Steve sped up, still shaking with loud snorts of laughter. Even with the size, the Winnebago was one of the fastest cars Steve had ever driven. Tony cast a glance at the rearview-mirror, then shook his head. “I can’t believe you made me do that.”
call Phil. He will want to be here for the meeting. If nothing else: He knows Ross, and I think his opinion might be important.”
Natasha held the straw for him, smiling kindly as he took a long sip. “You wanted to ask me how I met James Barnes,” she said, not an ounce of doubt in her voice.
Bucky was quiet for a moment, then nodded his head like he'd made a decision. "Alright. We're going out. Tonight. Any ideas?" Bucky was eyeing him expectantly and Steve only shifted in his chair, shrugging. "You… never go out, do you? Oh Stevie, look at you. Thirty years old and being hit on by children on campus. We're going out and we'll find you someone to hookup with."
However, this time the camera switched to bird perspective, clearly FRIDAY’s work, a recording most likely, and Tony smiled when he spotted Steve shoving everyone in the car before he hopped in a second later. There were a few seconds of video material afterwards, with satellites following Steve’s car along the various motorways. Then, the screen of the television turned black.
His body’s explosion was sudden but complete, and Steve didn’t allow him any reprieve. He kept thrusting into Tony, massaging his cock, obviously determined to milk this moment for all its worth.
He wanted to know what made Tony tick. How he liked his coffee and which movie, song and book were his favorite. He wanted to know what could excite Tony to the point of speechless awe, aside for the prospect of having sex with Steve. He needed to know what could anger this wonderful man, and how to appease him. What he'd stand up for and where he might relent.
“...have sex?” Tony prompted, raising an eyebrow at Steve. The question had pretty much been burning in his eyes since their gazes had clashed, so it wasn’t hard to guess what he was asking for.
“You’re just jealous,” Tony called after him, laughing when Bruce turned around and actually flipped him off.
Bucky kissed the side of her neck, and then dragged his tongue along her jugular as he spread her folds open with his fingers, breathing softly against her ear. “True,” he admitted. “And yet… I could’ve met a thousand women and I still wouldn’t want anyone but you.”
“In his compartment where he belongs,” Tony replied. “Or don’t you remember the last time I set him free down here?”
He could barely make out Fury’s form in the darkness, covered as he was in dark clothing, blending into the curtains behind him. A low quiet laugh resounded in the air between them. “Believe it or not, but this is bigger than your ego, Stark.”
Tony swallowed, taking a few steps into the darkened space of the penthouse. The space that was empty. Of course Steve would’ve eventually left for the party on his own.
With each second, the vertigo intensified, throbbing and twisting nauseatingly; it felt as though each movement was shifting the blade inside. He hadn’t noticed how bad it had been at first. Now that the adrenalin had died down, the stabbing pain was like a siren, impossible to ignore.
Steve smiled ruefully. “Fine. I’ll be your puppet for the time being if you drop the attitude and kiss me.”
By now, Steve had met all of Tony’s other friends. A few employees and scientists he worked with, especially Bruce Banner who was a regular guest—and even the ones Tony clearly only named ‘friends’ because courtesy demanded it.
So instead of going home, Tony sat in the stupid UN daycare room and fed Ian. A full stomach quieted him down for a little while, but after a few minutes, he started to cry again. So he changed him. He played with him. He bounced him on his knee.
“Of course we could always say Vision has a growth spurt,” Tony mused. “No one knows what he’s eating anyway.”
He tapped his finger on the screen, zooming out of the area and pointing to a place on the far side of the camp. “There. It used to be there.”
The other part, however, was already hopping up and down excitedly, not understanding his reservations in the slightest.
Barnes stopped at one of the doors, and swiped the card-key Tony had given him along the card-reader. When a click sounded, he turned around and met Tony’s eyes. “Thanks, by the way. Not sure if that’s going to work for me, but thanks for trying, that’s really nice of you.”
He tried tossing Steve a dry grin, but he figured that was lost in the darkness, too. They’d just stepped into the basement before the building had suddenly collapsed in on itself, which means they had still been fairly close to the building’s entrance and all in all, it didn’t look all that bad. The others did have their location and would find them in three to five hours, maximum. The room might’ve been small but there should be at least air for about ten hours, assuming there wasn’t any air supply.
Tony grinned, sucking him hard between his lips. He loved the taste of Steve’s skin on his tongue, and brought a hand between his legs to cup his balls. His mouth trailed up his length until only his tip remained trapped inside his mouth, his tongue exploring the sensitive dip there, moaning when Steve moaned.
Steve expelled a deep breath, doing his best to ignore the way his heart clenched at Tony’s discomfort. Which wasn’t much. So he stood up and made to follow.
At that, Tony at least opened his eyes, and swiftly looked out of the tiny plastic window at the side of the tent. Clear skies. Perfect.
Steve shrugged, raising the bottle to his lips again. Only once he’d finished half the beer, he dared looking at Bucky again. “When did it start?” he asked. “Us, I mean?”
Steve sighed. Here we go again. Of course Tony would immediately fall back into their usual half-distant kind of communication, the closeness of their latest calls vanishing into thin air. “I booked the one that was most secluded. I didn’t look into their ‘about’ page.”
Bucky was white as a sheet. His eyes had gone blank—the rest of him contorted with anguish. He released a trembling breath and shook his head, sliding forward until his feet met the floor. “I’m not sure…”
out who dares to say her name. But… Jim, I can’t understand him if I don’t know what happened to her. It’s not that I’m morbidly curious. It isn't that. I just want to help him, so if I knew what—”
He undressed and crawled into bed next to Tony. There was a moment when he remembered that they’d meant to catch up on the drastically neglected physical part of their relationship, and while just thinking on it brought a tingling feeling to his lower regions, it felt secondary now.
To his credit, Steve only paused for a second when he stepped inside. His body stiffened and Tony could hear a small sigh, before he walked around one of the torn Iron Legion suits, and set Tony down on the still mostly intact bed.
He rolled his eyes and sat back in his seat. “Look, I tried to stay calm, I really did, but they couldn’t be reasoned with. This is everything we have worked for in the last year, and if they plan to boycott every single decision we’re making, then I can’t do anything but—”
“If he’s in 2018, which I have to believe he is, he’ll be there,” Tony said. “It’s not our first rodeo with time travel and Steve and I… we have an understanding about these kinds of things. We go and search for each other, no matter what. So he’ll know where to get help.”
For a moment, there was nothing. Clint, Natasha, Tony—they all stayed perfectly still. There was just the continued hum of the machine’s vibrations and its arrhythmic clicks. Then, new pictures started flashing across the screens.
“Guys,” Clint said, his eyes flickering to Steve, heavy with concern but likewise well-guarded. Everything about him was guarded. “Now might not be the right time to do this.”
"Okay," Steve said with a nod of the head. Bucky's look read very clearly that he shouldn't be wasting any time, but there was a limit to how much he could advance a relationship in one go.
Steve pouted but he didn’t have the strength to argue with him. Instead, he released another yawn and followed Tony across the corridor. They stepped into what Steve supposed was Tony’s bedroom, and… everything stopped.
“Appy!” Ian squealed, when Steve cautiously bounced him upwards, so he was floating in the air for half a second.
really so arrogant to think I care about your opinion?” Tony countered. “You don’t know me at all, Barnes. So don’t even try.”
“Well, if you had she would’ve told you that I’m… that I have this tendency, about pushing people away when I—when I want the opposite. That I tend to overanalyze things until it can’t possibly be a good thing anymore. I tend to—Fuck, Steve, when it comes to people I tend to run away from my problems. Even you should know me well enough by now to know that.”
“You’ve been busy,” Steve said and pointed at the various utensils Tony had created ever since the rain had stopped.
It was an hour drive to the camping ground, and Steve knew Tony probably didn’t have his license all that long. The last time they’d talked, he’d been in the middle of his practice lessons. The RV itself was easy enough to drive, but its dimensions were a bit hard to grasp. The route, however, was simple enough, so Steve decided to let Tony take the wheel for once.
Tony was sitting in front of him. He sat on the huge bed and looked just as irritated as Steve felt.
Steve swallowed hard. “Alright.” He nodded, then nodded some more and it took him a good few minutes to realize he was alone. Staring at the vast space around him, hearing Stane’s words over and over again, Steve couldn’t fathom how he’d come to this point.
Tony started to play with his nails. “Anyway, then there was the year from hell, and… well, that’s when we…” He glanced up at him. “And that was… bad.”
Steve huffed as he turned around, dropping both the lube and a condom on the bed next to Tony. Only when his eyes took in Tony’s now all-out naked form, he stopped.
“I… I haven’t always been like this,” Steve admitted, and it had Tony’s eyes lock on him with intent.
After that, they had dinner at some Barbeque restaurant, before walking to the Country Music Hall of Fame. The building housed all sorts of exhibits, the Hall of Fame itself, and, of course, another gift shop.
Steve’s grin widened and he ran a hand across his cheek. “I’ve been awake for a while, did a small run across the lake, brushed teeth…”
Tony offered a noncommittal shrug. “Thought we’d have to share the love, eventually,” he said, his hand squeezing Steve’s, before he made a beeline for the coffee machine.
Was Thor actually upset about this mission? Steve decided to ask him about it later, and then returned his attention to his own situation. He glanced to the golden Iron Man helmet and then lowered his head a little. "You got any idea what that stuff was?" Or what that creature was, for that matter.
In a whirl of movement, Tony moved off him. He fetched something from the nightstand, then sat back down on Steve’s middle.
“Well, since you asked so nicely.” Steve smiled at him and gave his next thrust more momentum, moving just a little harder.
. Why would she kill herself before that? And apart from that, Mister Fury, do you mean to tell me that if you wanted to commit suicide, you’d go to all the trouble of sailing out to sea in a boat, then take a hammer and chisel and laboriously knock holes through the bottom of it?”
Well, different times and all that. He wasn’t sure when his life had gotten a PG rating, but it wasn’t as bad as it sounded.
Were they fighting in their minds? Aside from the black eyes, it didn’t look as if Ultron was overly distracted, but then again… he was the world’s most advanced supercomputer. He could do just about anything right now, and Steve wouldn’t know.
“Who's coming over, anyway?” Tony asked idly. They were usually alone in here. Sometimes, the science freshmen came in for a first tour, but otherwise, Bruce’s private lab was very much that—private. And Tony appreciated it. In here, no one commented on him staying too long in the nights, or coming in too late in the mornings… or his occasional drunk-tinkering (aside from Bruce himself, but his scolding had long ago lost its heat).
“We should be fine, as far as I can tell. There’s a twenty to twenty-five feet layer of debris above our heads, and it should all be removable without much of a problem. I, uh… think they’ll be able to find us in three hours. Four, maybe.”
slow. The need in his body was too intense. And from the edge in his voice, he could tell slow wasn’t exactly something Tony wanted, either. “Hold onto me,” he told Tony, and got a surprised look for it.
Steve’s gaze often drifted back to him, lingering, as if he was going through similar motions. They fixed a small dinner together, with one of them either handling Ian while the other cooked or the other way around. Their routine clearly still worked like a finely oiled machine, and it had Tony wonder if, maybe, they could just pick up where they’d left off.
“His lawyers are basically my lawyers, so I wouldn’t worry too much…” His words were followed by a low groan from the bench. When Tony looked up, Obi turned around a little, reaching for his head, and as if on command, there were short but firm clicking sounds coming from the hallway.
“New York,” Ross said. Tony sighed, and everything inside him itched to reach out for Steve and caress the tense line of his shoulder, but he knew he was still mad at him.
With a last, surrendering sigh, Steve started to talk. He told him about the Lemurian Star, about Natasha, Fury and his new generation Helicarriers. All Tony did was wrap Steve’s naked form in his arms and listen. And all the while, he had to think back to his phone conversation with Pierce earlier this week. They’d been talking about the last upgrades to the new repulsor system, about how many tests Tony still needed to do, and all in all, the call had been less than satisfactory, but that wasn’t unusual. Pierce had always wanted too much in too little time. Thinking back on it, though, Tony also thought—and maybe it was his own paranoia—that he’d heard the barely audible click of a recording device.
here. His eyes were constantly flickering with Extremis’ blackness, his hands twitching at his sides as if he was reaching towards another presence that paced alongside him.
On his way over to Steve, his head butted hard with Sam’s chest, rendering the man completely unprepared to block Natasha’s kick to his face.
Steve smiled, and shook his head. He leaned in and brushed a gentle kiss along Tony’s lips. “Nevermind. We’ll talk after.”
Steve shook his head, tugging at the waistband of Tony’s trousers to pull him even nearer. “You don’t have to find out,” he promised, his mouth was on Tony’s again, and the world melted away.
His whole body convulsed in an orgasm so shattering he thought he would burst into a million pieces. Vaguely, he felt Tony pressing his lips against him, murmuring a lot of
Tony raced into the elevator and pushed the button for the penthouse. Rubbing a hand across his face, he leaned back against the wall and was only mildly surprised when he looked at his reflection in the mirror across from him and had five oil streaks all across his face. There were also dark circles around his eyes, his hair was unkempt, and his skin had an unhealthy, sick-looking color. And all of that for nothing, goddammit. Tomorrow, Thor would take Loki’s scepter back to Asgard, and with that, he’d take away Tony’s only chance at stopping what he knew was going to happen.
The young nurse shook her head. “She just said that she wanted to speak with Mister Stark’s husband, and that it was important.”
“Laura’s completely badass,” Clint said, but there was an undertone to his voice and Steve had a feeling it wasn’t all as easy as Clint tried to make it. He clapped a hand down on Tony’s shoulders before jogging down the slight slope towards the building.
Happy had Ian cradled against his chest. Tony could hear his soft breaths and the little smacks of his lips.
But could anyone blame him? He felt more than just a little lightheaded. Tony moved against him as he spoke, rubbing what
“I wished for it, too,” Tony confided with a trembling voice. “When Jarvis died, I wished for something so I wouldn’t be alone, too. And I was so afraid of what would happen if I told you about your future… That I might lose you even before you flew that plane into the ocean.” He broke off, the words taking on a life of their own. “When you were gone, it ruined me.”
“Tony!” Steve yelled with alarm, but before he could do something, Wanda had already let go of him, and Tony fell to the ground, seeing stars.
“Yeah,” Steve admitted. He placed the book on the table in front of them, then leaned back on the couch, looking at Tony. “Talking to people, not knowing what’s what or why anything’s the way it is… it was just… hard, for a long time.” He sighed heavily, chest constricting as though all the air from the earth wasn’t enough to fill his lungs. “It—and please don’t take this the wrong way—it was almost easier for me when you were all douchebag-like. Scrutinizing every look I gave you in a way that screamed, ‘What is that stuck-up idiot from the 20s thinking now?’”
Steve remembered it all so vividly. How Tony’d grin at him and rise to his feet the second he popped into the room. Then he’d storm forward and take his face in his hands, kiss his lips and walk him backward until they fell into a tangle on the bed. Tony had kissed him and every concern niggling Steve’s brain had melted into nothing. He’d caress him and hold him and let him be weak in a world where he was supposed to be nothing but strong.
“God, Tony…” Steve breathed and he was looking at Tony as though he had just arrived home. As though the tunnel he had been walking through finally came to an end and he was there in the light.
It really was Bucky. Right here, in the Facility! Except it was a slightly older Bucky, with shorter hair and even a few gray ones at his temple.
Steve watched Tony’s still form as he looked out the window on the car seat next to him. The lights were speeding past them and he couldn’t wait to return home. He knew Ian was safe with Veronica, and Happy, and Bruce, but in times like this he preferred having his son near.
“C’mere,” he murmured as he drew Steve in. It was strange—he’d never allowed himself to act on that unspoken thing between them—but now… all of those reasons seemed inconsequential. “I really thought we’d make it,” Tony whispered. “I can’t believe we lost.”
much older, and I’m… really into you, and…” Tony trailed off, trying to find the right thing to say, because if Steve rejected him right now, this would surely be it.
the punch to the chest. He hadn't told Bucky about any of this. He only saw him a handful of times after what had happened, and then he couldn't bear it and found excuses to leave, to stay far away. So of course Bucky wouldn't know.
A bitter chuckle rumbled through Tony’s lips. “Right. We aren’t getting anything together. He obviously doesn’t like me. Not even enough to tell me what’s eating him.”
Their hips were slamming against each other now as Steve pistoned into Tony, ramming into him with all his strength. He heard the little grunts of effort Tony made at every thrust and they only got him to move that little bit faster.
“Sure is,” Tony confirmed. “I’m his grad student, Tony.” He offered the guy his hand, shaking it once but not letting go right away. It was very warm and the guy had a good, strong grip, so Tony couldn’t help himself and let his thumb trail over the skin for a second longer.
A kid like Peter Parker clearly didn’t belong here, and when Tony had sat down in his tiny room, he’d been a second from dropping his idea to recruit Spider-Man for the fight. But then the guy had talked about responsibility and doing what’s right, and dammit, Tony recognized true potential when he saw it.
Carefully, Steve lifted him in his arms. “Stay with me,” he whispered in his ear, cradling Tony against him, kissing his temple, as he lost consciousness.
It didn’t help. Made things worse, actually. He fell forward on his hands and knees, hanging his head down. “Shit,” he breathed, shaking his head in hope of getting rid of the memories. “I’m having—just give me a minute.
Tony hummed in something that wasn’t quite an acknowledgement. There was an edge to his voice as he spoke up. Steve supposed it had something to do with the obvious involvement of magic. By now, everyone knew how much Tony hated not to be able to control these kinds of events. “She’s gone, I think,” Tony mumbled.
“A few years after I’d completed my training, they sent us on missions. He never remembered, and most of the time, I didn’t tell him we met before. I… I was angry that he didn’t remember, after everything he’d put me through. I was angry. I knew it was irrational, but I couldn’t shake it off.” She swallowed, her posture now clearly uncomfortable. “So… I took what I wanted from him. Just like I took everything else, even though it wasn’t something he wanted. He couldn’t enjoy being near people, I think. Not at first. Because he never remembered, and it wasn’t something his programming deemed necessary.”
Once everyone was in position, Bruce worked rapidly to get the blade out of Tony’s body. Tony jumped with the first prodding, then groaned in discomfort. The pain was blessedly gone, but he could still
Tony smiled at him. “If you find him, you have to bring him home, Steve. What Sam said about them putting us in jail, if we don’t cooperate—I’m half-sure that’s exactly what will happen. So no games, and then we’ll get this mess sorted.”
As if sensing Steve’s minor freak out, Tony’s eyes opened, finding Steve’s with such immediacy that he doubted he had been asleep in the first place.
The wide grin on Steve's face was unrepentant in the best of ways. He left his finding next to the rest of the armor and slowly approached Tony from behind. "Yeah? That's good news." He didn't even bother keeping his interest out of his voice. "And air supply?" he asked, mostly to keep Tony distracted as he advanced and reached to wrap his arms around him, hands immediately moving to zip down the pants on his undersuit.
Tony grinned and even though two of the staff members were walking in and out of the room to prepare the meal, he raised Steve’s hands to his lips and kissed the skin there. “Pepper’s an unusual woman. So it fits her well.”
Steve sighed again, clearly trying to reign himself in. “This is a mission. I want you to be as safe as you can, because no matter what you think—you are important to me.”
Steve was squeezing his hand ever so lightly, probably a way of telling Tony to be nicer, but he just couldn’t help himself… Something about Strange always made him pull up his self-defensive mechanisms.
“No,” Steve said, then bravely kissed Tony for that look on his face. “But I want to make sure we’re doing it right. Got so much to make up to you.”
Tony was playing dirty, but Steve didn't mind it at all. The look of him, stretching and presenting himself like a prize was making Steve's cock stir with interest.
He leaned forward until his brow was touching hers, his mouth provocatively near her own. And he wanted so desperately to forget about everything else and kiss her again until he remembered nothing else but her. Taste her skin. Memorize every inch of her with his tongue. Lose himself in her body. Bring her over the edge again and again, until all of his pain was drowning in pleasure.
“Yeah, no. I suck at the forward thing. Usually, it involves me, a drink splashed in my face, and someone screaming at me.” Tony shuddered at the memory. “I can’t be forward with Steve. I’ve done forward. Not a good idea.”
Together, they ran towards the widening portal. A turmoil of blazing white light and heavy wind was blasting out of the rift. In the middle of it, Steve could just barely make out a form—a bearded man with a red cape waving a hand urgently and shouting something Steve couldn’t hear over the howl of the wind.
Steve hadn’t even needed to go through surgery, and rationally speaking, Tony knew that he only had to get a bit of rest and the serum would have him up and running in no time. Just… looking at him now made it harder for him to remember that. Seeing him so broken… it wasn’t something that Tony was used to. He looked even weaker now, lying in this small bed, than he had when Tony had clawed him free of Bucky Barnes’ hold.
Tony stuttered to a complete stop. “Did you really just spring that on me out of nowhere? Who are you, Confucius?”
He could feel the heat rolling off Steve’s skin, almost hear the pounding of his heart, and feel his arousal pressed against him.
“No,” Steve said, almost without his doing, but once the word had been given voice, it startled him out of his stupor. “No!”
Steve nodded, his fingers tunneling through Tony’s hair. “It will be alright,” he whispered. “I’m sure it will.”
Vision looked no less uncomfortable than Tony felt. He held up a plate with a bunch of sandwiches on top.
Steve looked at him and held him through the aftershocks. Was the devil supposed to be so very human?, he wondered, and wrapped his arms around the shaking man on top of him. Softly, he kissed Tony’s eyelids and the crease between his brows, then felt him smile against his throat.
He was far out of his comfort zone, and he’d always been scared by that. Feeling so strongly about someone was both the most exhilarating and the most frightening thing in the entire world.
Steve watched him stretch, then looked away quickly. How long had he known Tony? Not so long, he reasoned, but this newfound fascination with him… that was…
“I don’t need anything from you!” Tony snapped and brushed past him with reddened cheeks. At that, there was nothing else to say. No objections to voice—nothing but a dry understanding. Over Carol’s head, Rhodes pursed his lips and sent Steve an apologetic look.
Tony didn’t look convinced, but from the look on his face, it was clear that he knew that from now on, forward was the only way the two of them could go.
“You need ‘some time out’,” Tony quoted, and he really wished his voice wouldn’t be so overwhelmed with emotion. He cleared his throat, straightening up. “Is that it? Is it… do you need space?”
The first thing that hit him was a punch from the now-tiny Ant-Guy. It felt as if it sliced all the way to Tony’s spine, both knocking the metaphoric wind out of his body and rendering him momentarily dazed, and therefore unprepared for the follow-up kick. Tony had to give the newbie kudos. He really knew how to make it hurt.
“I was just… uh, sorry,” Steve said, looking back up, realizing it was Jarvis’ turn to comment on his previous testimony.
So Thor had finally brought the antidote, and Tony knew it was something he should be happy about. No more headaches for Steve, no more having to be cautious around him, no more wracking his brain over the concept of past lives.
“What?” Natasha frowned, first staring at Vision, then at Steve. Tony could see the panic and fear inside her eyes, and that wasn’t exactly calming his mind. “Dammit,
He missed talking to Tony, hearing his thoughts, and his worries. He missed their arguments that drove him out of his mind most of the time, but always made him realize an aspect he hadn’t considered before. He hadn’t fully realized how accustomed he’d become to hearing Tony’s perspective, but that’s how it was. They often had different opinions, and sharing them with each other usually wasn’t pleasant business, but that’s what you got when you were honest with each other. And Steve preferred being yelled at from time to time, when it meant they weren’t keeping the important stuff from one another.
A long beat of silence. It was apparent that struggling and name-calling wasn’t about to get them anywhere, though. Tony sighed. Potential for rational thought. Progress and all that. “How about instead of trying to explain to us what you can’t explain to us, start at the beginning.”
“The height is fine and you know it. Quit monitoring me,” Steve said and took two strides forward before he was airborne.
thing I looked forward to,” Tony emphasized hoarsely, and Steve shivered at the intensity in his tone.
Steve pulled a face. Reeds was probably the least pleasant person on campus; not vicious or evil but just… insensitive. "So you think he's hiding."
Steve heaved a frustrated sigh, racing harder, faster, pushing beyond his body’s capabilities. For the moment, the man had the advantage, and he was using it well. This was no human speed, not by far. Steve’s thunderous paces quaked beneath his feet. The world was spinning as he pushed the shield and himself through the first door, sending it to the ground. He cursed, nearly falling over as he sharply turned around the next corner.
Then, he pulled back so he was kneeling. "Shouldn't be difficult," Steve said, finally getting rid of his own pajama top. "When we're doing this, we're on equal grounds," he explained, reaching down to tug Tony's shirt up again, this time having better success with it. He let his eyes roam the newly exposed skin without preamble. "I take off what you take off, and vice versa."
. No one mistrusted her, and it was easy for her to gain access to all areas every minute of every day.
“We gotta get out of here,” Steve said. It was an obvious statement, but speaking was important now. For the both of them. “Bucky, please, let me get you out of here… You
, Tony. I know that,” Steve said on an eyeroll. “I’m aware that it’s a huge responsibility. I’m aware it’s gonna be tiresome and strenuous, but it’s gonna be
Steve hummed. He somehow felt bad for dragging Natasha from Bucky’s side and vice versa, especially in a situation like this. “Didn’t think he should join us either way. Maybe it’s for the better, if Ultron can get to him… the risk really is too high.”
Maria was now sitting opposite them, her gaze settled on the duo. “You should get some rest. I’ll send everyone to their floors, let’s call it a night.”
“Yes, but you were trying to show me that we couldn’t let them put all of this down on us just like this, and you were right about it. I should’ve talked to you sooner.”
Pietro grinned at him and Tony would enjoy knocking the smug smirk off the guy’s smarmy face. Wanda herself was probably the biggest contender, if she wanted to fight them. The girl didn’t look like much, but Tony had seen the way she’d handled herself. That woman could put up a fight.
Bucky jumped to his feet, and without much ceremony, he ripped the robot’s head off with his metal hand. Looking around, Steve finally spotted Ultron himself inside the SUV. He was busy hammering on some console next to the cradle as two more of his minions tried moving it out of the truck.
Tony sobered, drawing in a low breath. He shook his head. “No. Not in a year, at least,” he replied. “I used to come here to write. To draw inspiration. To…” A pause. He swallowed hard and cleared his throat. “To think of the future.”
A very still, very cold note rang through the room—then they all moved at once. They took a few steps forward, before Thor raised a hand to stop all movements again. “
He sat in the darkened kitchen, staring empty-handed down at the table, every now and then flexing his fingers with the blind expectation that Tony would appear at his side and he could take hold of his hand.
,” Tony snapped without even turning around. With a brush of his hand, he swiped the contents on the working table in front of him to the floor, then leaned down on it with both hands.
“We’ll find out soon enough,” Steve replied. Wanda especially still had trouble keeping her surroundings in mind, but she did need field experience so this was a good way as any to start. He swiped a comm piece from Tony’s desk and set it down on his left ear.
Bucky nodded, then smiled at Steve. “Tony Stark is wretchedly in love with you, Stevie. Doesn’t matter which time, or… hell, which universe, most likely. He’s devoted to you to a fault. It’s one of the reasons why I like him so much.”
Steve didn’t want to believe all that, but Tony’s hesitance to tell him about his life was becoming more and more noticeable.
“Have breakfast with me,” Tony repeated and suddenly grabbed Steve’s hand. And like every time when he touched his skin, warmth flooded Steve’s veins.
“The body they found today… There was no one sailing with Indries. It’s her body. It was hers all along, lying in that boat beneath the mansion. The woman I identified back then, it wasn’t her. I knew it wasn’t, but I told the police it was. I killed her. I killed Indries, and she was in that boat ever since.”
She pressed her brow to his. It was so strange. He remembered wanting to kill Steve so clearly. He had bruised his body with his fists. He had done nothing to deserve all of their kindness. Sometimes he wondered why they even bothered.
The world only reassembled itself slowly, while Tony lay slumped over the bench. His body was on fire, his heart was hammering and every inch of him trembled and ached. He felt wet and open and used and he just… he couldn’t even bring himself to lower his ass.
Tony’s eyes were still shooting daggers at Steve, as he pressed the button to open the window. Still, he climbed up in the passenger seat, and with a last deep breath, stuck his bare ass out the open window. Steve could hear the repeated honks from the SUV and broke out laughing.
“If by ‘well’ you mean having your love-life crudely dissected and analyzed, then sure, it’s been a blast,” Tony said with an eye roll.
That obviously sent Bucky for a loop. He could do nothing but stare at her for several long seconds. “Oh shit, sorry.”
“It’s only another half hour,” Natasha said and sat down on Steve’s other side, her head pillowed on his shoulder. “We’ll figure it out.”
“Oh, don’t give me that look. I do wanna be part of the team,” Bucky said on an eye-roll, and that was new—at least, Bucky had never been that clear about it. And the fact that he told Steve now, and without back paddling or flinching at his own honesty, made Steve fiercely proud. “But falling into his hands isn’t worth it. Don’t ask me to do that. You and your people will manage without me just fine.”
Tony had slept, too, which surprised him. He’d settled into bed beside Steve—awash in his scent and positively buzzing on the high of his warmth—convinced that sleep would be impossible. Not with Steve once more in his bed, his taste in his mouth, his perfect skin just inches from his eager fingers. He’d wagered he’d spend the rest of night just watching him. Memorizing the way he looked and felt at his side. Under his sheets. Peaceful. Quiet. Those lips he’d kissed so thoroughly taunting him with their proximity. He’d lain there, trying to memorize it all, knowing in his heart that Steve couldn’t stay for long if they didn’t want to risk someone finding out.
Steve pulled back at that and practically attacked Tony’s lips with his own. Tony remained in stunned delirium before Steve’s tongue pushed into his mouth, and then he was all but ravaging him. The pent up tension, the longing, the worry—everything poured into one simple kiss. They nibbled and tasted each other. Needing far more than could be given right now.
Perhaps it was the thrill of the forbidden. Kissing a straight guy and all. Perhaps it was knowing exactly how wrong it was.
Peggy’d been the first person he’d ever fallen in love with, and he remembered looking at her back then in Italy, and thinking, for the first time in his life, that she could be someone he’d want to spend the rest of his life with.
“Steve, is that James?” It was Nat’s voice—and she called from somewhere in the next room. “It better be, otherwise we’re going to be late.”
Tony nodded, and as Steve fired up his bike and turned on the main road, Tony gazed up into the early evening sun near the horizon. And somewhere in the deep recesses of his mind, a small part of his conscious was still expecting the sun to go crescent in a perfect second of totality.
“I’m glad you’re with me, too,” Tony answered, and even though he wasn’t stuttering anymore, the words were barely comprehensible in the midst of the storm. “For what it’s worth.”
Of course he would smell good, Steve thought, trying not to show how much of an allure Tony had on him.
Steve thought for a moment. “As far as I can remember… I never thought you’d want that,” he confessed. “A friendship with me, I mean. I always believed you tolerated me at best, but… I wasn’t sure you actually enjoyed having me around.”
A sigh coursed through Steve’s body, and he leaned forward in despair. “What if he hates me for bringing him here?”
“So, how can I assist you?” he asked with a wink, if only to get a rise out of the guy. He was staring at Tony in puzzlement—which wasn’t exactly a foreign reaction, and also sort of adorable—and raised his free hand to rub the back of his neck.
Looking up again, he met Tony’s gaze with his. “We’re going to be parents,” he said in wonder, and he knew it’d take a while before the thought would truly sink in. “You’re going to be a dad.”
Quickly checking the corridor, Tony walked away from the UN’s executive offices, toward the research wing. Once there, he swiftly entered the storage room.
Because for some impossible reason, this man, this brave man who’d pushed him to his limits so often that Tony had often crossed them without even noticing—he’d wanted to marry him.
Tony was pointing to the wreckage of the tower. Just a few meters to its right, a thin, burning line was beginning to form in the air.
Alright, he was doing an inner happy dance on having scored a man as hot as Steve, all blood rushing south embarrassingly fast. But the need to simply be near him, sharing this with him now and getting to know him even better after was… more important than just sex.
It was then that the debris moved at the far end of the basement, where they'd entered the place. A large cloud of dust rose as concrete showered into the space. Vision stepped closer, but mercifully he wasn't looking at them.
Steve huffed at the bad joke, then once more stared at the blueprint. “Tony, that’s… that’s amazing.”
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but in that moment, there were steps right behind them, and someone raised his voice over the muffled sounds of people talking.
“I know. I’m not trying to convince you to stay. I know you have to go. Just want to make sure you’re coming back in one piece. The guy kind of hates you.”
Steve pulled his uniform top on. Everyone else was preparing for their drive to Leipzig as well—and the fight they might have to face there.
It wasn't long before Steve realized he heeded more. He was squirming, reluctant to say anything, but then Tony punched deep, and Steve's cock jerked with the sensation as he moaned out his surprised pleasure. He could come like this, he knew right then, on Tony's finger, but he wouldn't. Not this time.
Tony awoke with slow leisure, finding his head pillowed on Steve’s chest, while a pleasant ache lingered in his limbs. There was a deep sense of soreness, his thighs were tender, his insides still warm.
There had to be another adjoining room, but once Dummy had the door opened, Steve realized that the sounds of the ocean instantly increased. Over the past weeks, he’d become increasingly aware of the crash of wild water. It had become so familiar so quickly that he hadn’t noticed the vibrations grow louder.
With that, Steve turned on the light next to their bed, and Tony looked up again to glare at Fury, when—
Bucky, of course, almost only asked questions about the USO girls—and Peggy. He wanted to know if he’d kissed her, what she’d said in what order, and while Steve felt himself blushing a little, his thoughts kept drifting back to the man in his dreams.
Sam and Rhodey still looked like they wanted to scratch each other’s eyes out over who had the most medals and whatnot, and Tony could barely ignore the headache forming behind his eyelids.
Steve nodded, pulled back and thrust back into Tony hard enough to shake the tractor. Steve’s head flew back somewhat, his hands finding Tony’s hips and squeezing him with a tight grip.
“Wait.” Tony wiggled out from under him and reached for his duffle bag, pulling something out. Steve’s eyes widened, when he realized it was a bottle of lube and a pack of condoms.
"You look great like this, but you might wanna get dressed." They still had to make a show of being decent human beings when they joined the others at the common room, so Steve handed over the clothes.
Suddenly, Steve leaned in, the hand that still rested on Tony’s shoulder moving forward, encasing Tony’s neck in a warm grip.
So Steve nodded. It was a jerky little thing, and something inside him twisted as he did, but he nodded all the same.
"Alright, Mr. Stane,” Pepper answered with a sweet voice. “I'll have Happy help you out. Do let me know how you plan to go against SI’s lawyers." She got his attention there, and he his gaze briefly left Steve in favor of looking at Tony, then at her in turn.
He had let himself fall in love with Steve Rogers. Of course he would have. Given the slightest chance, given only a few months—weeks—of being at Steve’s side in a peaceful manner would unlock all of the things he’d kept very close to his heart for all these past years.
For half a second, Steve thought Bucky might make a break for the elevator. But then, suddenly, he let out a loud snort.
“I told you I like the stretch. You’re perfect, stop worrying,” Tony echoed. His chest heaved with pants and he forced his eyes open, taking Steve in with his heated gaze. “Are
For a moment, he asked himself if contacting Ross might be an option, make this an official mission, but he knew in his heart that the UN would never trust them enough after the Vienna fiasco to just let them go now and ask questions later. And if what Steve had said was true, they couldn’t spare any time.
Kissing had always been a full-body thing for Steve. He basically molded himself against Tony, their bodies fitting together so perfectly. His hands now cupped Tony’s cheeks, framing his face reverently as he familiarized himself with Tony again.
“Yeah.” Steve sighed. Did they fly slower than usual? It felt as if they should’ve arrived home a long time ago. “I hate this radio silence,” he murmured sullenly.
Steve pressed another kiss against his cheek, then pulled away from him. Tony finished making his way to the bar where Rhodey, Natasha and Maria were standing. “Hey there.”
Tony moaned and bit his lower lip. “You feel so good,” he whimpered against Steve’s lips. His thumb remained poised above their slits, massaging them softly. “You’re so hot like this. So needy. So desperate. And you’re all mine…”
His gaze slowly travelling back to Steve, he watched his bewildered eyes of crystal blue blinking, blank and confused. There was another choked-up gasp, and Tony deliberately tried to steady his own breathing, to regain control of his racing adrenaline. “All good,” he said, gulping in a deep draught of air. “That was stupid, sorry. You okay?”
The room was gray with overcast moonlight. One of Steve’s hands was in his hair, rubbing his sore head very gently.
Steve would've liked to say that Tony had stopped flirting at some point, but that really wasn’t the case. If it
anything unusual. And Tony and Bruce would want to have a chance to examine the scepter. They had made preparations for months, waiting for the day when they’d finally find the artifact and bring it home. That was all fair enough, Steve thought. Tony had every right to take that chance, since he wouldn’t have many opportunities to analyze an alien weapon up close. It was just the fact that he was doing it now, when he was so exhausted, so clearly shaken by the mission, that didn’t sit well with him.
It was also completely impossible. Steve would never have a chance in hell with Tony. Not after everything.
“No, I don’t!” Bucky grabbed him by the shoulder and slammed him up against the closed door. “Stop making everything your business!”
Steve shook his head firmly. Then, he took a step forward and pulled Tony in a hug. “God, Tony. I could never hate you. My sexuality aside, you’re my best friend, my… you’re everything to me. And… I’m glad it was you,” Steve mumbled, pressing his face into Tony’s shoulder.
Tony smiled dryly and sipped at his coffee again. “I’m just beginning to realize that there are a few things Hammer and I have in common.”
“A razor sounds good.” Tony’s voice was quiet. For the first time since arriving here, his gaze flickered to Steve, and there was something there—something cautious and uncertain—but he looked away again before Steve could even try to figure out what it was.
Steve Rogers was the school’s star quarterback. The school’s star-everything. And in about three weeks, Steve would be attending Stanford, and join the NCAA. He got the skills, the scholarship, and in a few years—everyone knew that—Steve would be in the NFL.
And that was it. One of the best friendships of Steve’s life had been trampled to the ground, because he hadn’t managed a decent reaction, and Tony had never spoken to him ever again.
“If you know,” Tony started as he glanced at Strange, “that we can prevent this. Why didn’t you go back yourself?”
“I promised Tony to let them take us in. He’ll get you out. Then we can sort out what’s going on with Siberia together.”
“Breathe. Relax,” Tony ordered. He eased his fingers back and in again, smoothed his free hand out over the inside of Steve’s thighs, spreading him wider.
"How did this even happen?" Wanda asked, seemingly ready to forget all about the meeting in favor of talking this through. She was still not a hundred percent happy about working for Tony, but without her brother to anchor her, she was on uneven grounds, and even though the team had been working together for a while, she still felt like an outsider.
On the street, there had been a flicker of recognition. But now it was gone, and a part of him had known they would’ve wiped him again before sending him out to fight Steve. There was no reason for him to remember, especially after waiting so long for a savior that never came.
Natasha grinned deviously. “Nah, if I wanted to make money with compromising photos of you, I’d have started years ago.”
The meaning behind those words was painfully clear. It wasn’t a ‘when’ Steve was asking, it was an ‘if’. And the question whether or not Steve was welcome was…
Steve read on top of the screen, and it didn’t take long for him to put two and two together. He knew that date, and during his SHIELD training, he’d read all the reports about Howard’s death. And Maria’s.
“It’s just… a little hard to believe we got to a point where we exchanged vows. I mean no offense, but you made me want to punch my head through a wall repeatedly, you constantly have me on my toes and I never yelled at someone more than I yelled at you, so…”
A sailboat? It took a moment before the words really started to make sense. And when they did, Steve suddenly felt sick to the bones.
Barnes rolled his eyes that, and Tony almost didn’t trust his eyes when he saw a tiny smile rising to his lips. “He always was kind of a drama queen.”
“They know what happened. They don’t know we made it, but I assume they would be looking for our bodies anyway.”
It didn’t matter. No matter how difficult the confrontation might be, Tony knew it would only grow worse if he kept mulling it over. The more he thought about it, the harder it became to find a reason why Steve would come here. This bar was a place to hook up for casual sex or, sometimes, for a new relationship. It wasn’t the ‘I just want to socialize’ kind of place, coming here
As Steve stood at the sink scraping dried food off the plates, before he put them in the dishwasher, Tony crept up behind him and slipped an arm around his waist. He nuzzled and kissed his neck, making Steve smile.
“No,” Tony interrupted. He sighed and wiped his eyes. “I appreciate the thought, Rhodey, but… I will never let them get their hands on Steve. Not until the Accords are in place and he’ll be judged by standards that actually mean something for our line of work. Because they can twist and turn this as they want, but they didn’t leave him any options… and neither did I.”
Tony sighed. “Oh God, fine,” he said, and with a wave of his hand, Rhodes rolled his eyes and took the next exit.
Steve had figured as much. The struggles, the blackness of his eyes—Tony must’ve somehow accessed Extremis again and had been fighting Ultron the whole time. “Can he stop him?”
Natasha looked at him sympathetically. “I can understand. It must be horrible to be torn away from your team.”
, believe me, I will stop playing nice with you. Tony was the one who convinced us you were worth talking to. I don’t have any problem taking you out—right now.”
What if Tony wasn't even interested in any of that? What if Steve had misunderstood, and all Tony was really after was a friend to come to when he needed to let off some steam? He regarded Tony with a side glance and decided to bring it up at some point. Later.
“You’re not a monster,” Steve said. “But you’re blaming me for not reacting decently when faced with something that’s throwing off my whole world-view. That’s hardly fair. And I think I earned another try.”
“No. But I can’t risk him actually succeeding. I can’t go through that again. I’d rather die.” He raised one of his shoulders in a half-shrug. “Anyway, it’s broken now. Problem solved.”
it was. He’d seen other men naked before, after missions, in the shower, or the contamination chambers. He’d also seen Tony half-naked here, scrubbing himself clean in the river, or just when changing afterwards. Modesty usually was a thing of the past for Steve, hell, they’d spent
They were both unmistakably hard and Tony ground down with intent, rubbing himself along Steve’s length even while his fingers made feather-like tracks through his hair.
It was true. His nights had thrived on the promise of Tony’s every touch, every kiss, and he’d lost himself without realizing the battle was over.
Steve gulped, balling his hands to fists. He had no reason to believe her—none at all. And yet, he had the feeling these people were his only hope.
“Unnecessarily stressful,” Steve said. “We’re all here. We’re cooking together. Buck can chop the vegetables.” On the last word, a frown appeared on Steve’s face as his eyes flickered to Bucky’s form—and the missing right arm. “I mean, uh…”
Steve turned in the other direction when he heard a noise, and saw Bruce standing in the kitchen, punching numbers on the phone. As he hit the final number, he turned and saw them. Before he could speak, the cell phone in Tony’s jacket began to ring loudly.
Steve turned around in Tony’s embrace, and leaned back against the counter, raising a brow. “What are you saying… that my science-genius-‘everything is numbers and formulas’-husband thinks birthday wishes come true? Since when?”
“I’m physically fine,” Tony said. “I just… can’t stop. This is my life. I go and I go and I keep on going until I figure it out. I can’t even be the friend Rhodey needs right now because I’m too busy playing solo entertainer for the rest of the world. I can’t stop. Not until it’s over.”
Tony cleared his throat. “Yeah,” he agreed. “Speaking of…” He looked at Strange. “Do you know where we were? The dimension, I mean—”
Tony paused, looking up at him. There was a light pinch between his eyebrows as he stared at Steve, like he wasn’t sure where to put him.
The words had stung much more than Tony thought they would. He’d backed off, smiling at Steve brightly, telling him it had only been a random thought and
Steve nodded. “Someday, I’ll hold him while you do it.” He sighed. “Come on… grab some plates and let’s get this party done.”
The two dead rabbits were dangling from his makeshift bag, and once Steve was back at the camp, his hands worked on automatic while his mind whirled. God, he was stupid. He
Steve was staring down at him, his fingers curled around Tony’s middle. “You know, the first night we met, I’d just gotten the serum and… Erskine had died in my arms. And I lay down on my bed, and I kept thinking that I didn’t want to be alone, and that there had to be some meaning to all of this. So I made a wish…”
“Here goes nothing,” Tony announced and logged into Extremis, shutting down the first implant with a single click.
, the Eye had called him. Damn right he was going to be selfish. Oh, he’d try to keep the team together, sure. But he was through worrying about other people’s opinions. This time he was going to have what he wanted. This time things were going to go his way.
Steve had just raised his shield into the air, and with a swift, underhand movement, Tony fired a blast against its surface and thus shot the shield right into the throat of Bucky’s attacker. The shield bounced against the wall, and whirled right back through the air into Steve’s waiting hand.
The tour itself was a laugh: slightly entertaining but all in all completely ridiculous. Harold explained the vast number of disturbances, told stories about the previous owners, made rasping noises as he explained why it was called the ‘Bloody Barn’. When the time came to take a picture of the mirror that was said to house the spirits of the ‘weeping bride’ ghost, Tony couldn’t get the camera to work and Steve spent the next ten minutes banging it against every piece of furniture he found until the tour guide snapped at him.
“They won’t put us in jail,” Sam said, and Steve knew it was meant as a joke, but the quick look Natasha cast Tony spoke volumes.
He wasn’t sure when exactly he and Steve had decided to actually talk politics during their phone calls, leaving the semi-peaceful plane of small talk, but apparently, it was a thing now.
“I know.” He cupped Tony’s cheek, angling his head so he could kiss him. “You ready for me?” he asked.
, dammit. Ultron hadn’t just erased the AI’s current version, but all of his backups, every blueprint, even the early schematics Tony had done in his twenties.
And then, of course, the Accords. The Breaking Point. He had hurt Tony, he saw how much only now. And even then, in Siberia, Tony had still wanted to help.
Steve’s grin turned a little softer, and he leaned in to press a short kiss on Tony’s mouth. “Good, wouldn’t want you to let me go either,” he agreed, looking at Tony with reverence, before he caught movement right next to the HYDRA base. They were regrouping for another attack. “Or, on a second thought…”
Steve had half a mind to tease him some more just out of spite, but he knew enough was enough, and Tony was already taking matters into his own hands, which Steve was okay with. He was
A woman who’d introduced herself as Natasha Romanov had told him to meet her there, and Steve didn’t have any problems finding the room, although he had to walk through several hallways. Only once he stood at the entrance, he had to stop for a minute to take it all in.
Steve shook his head. The doctors hadn’t talked to him, but he knew Tony, and he was a fighter. “Not yet, but you know Tony. Stubborn as the day is long.”
“Aye, aye,” Tony said and shot upwards. Lightening flashed and thunder rolled, and the skies opened. It began to rain at long last.
“Alright. Don’t know about you,” Tony said, and his tone was all the indication Steve needed to know that he was teetering on the edge of reason, “but I’ve had about enough of this bullshit.”
Steve smiled down at him, and he looked so much better already, pressing a deep kiss to Tony’s lips, before speaking again. “Shouldn’t that be my line?”
“1996,” Steve told her quietly. “I didn’t know for most of the time. When they told me it was only a few days before I went under.”
He put a smile on his face, pointing his fork towards the plate. "This is really good, I... didn't get to eat home cooked food in a while. It tastes great."
He caught Tony's lips in a quick, deep kiss, then grabbed hold of his hand. "Come on," he said as he led Tony to the bathroom.
“You said we’re leaving in half an hour,” Tony reminded him. “Can’t be much longer than twenty now…”
Time froze in that way Tony always suspected was too real for a hallucination and yet not real enough, despite the craziness his world embellished on a regular basis. But: There he was.
An impressive few leaps on her part, and Tony staggered backward with a knife between his eyes, just an inch from piercing his forehead, before she pulled it back again.
"Yes," Steve said, then hurriedly amended— "for the, uh, time together." He shifted his weight from one leg to the other, eyes set on Tony. "And I might be tired, but not as much as I let them think I am…" He really didn't want them to pester the two of them much more than they had to, after all.
Peter looked at him for a moment, before asking, “How’d you get the reputation of being such an asshole? You're terribly nice.”
Steve moaned, loud and surprised at the endearment. He all but shook as Tony suddenly leaned forward, dropping his forehead against Steve’s. He wanted to watch him come, Steve realized, and Steve couldn’t do anything but give him exactly what he wanted.
He supposed it was the same in most cities right now—buildings collapsed, ships wrecked along the shore, cars and even a few planes crashed, but that wasn’t what got to him. Even after the Chitauri invasion… it hadn’t been like this. Because… ruins could be rebuilt, buildings could be upgraded, streets and bridges—all if it could be made anew.
“If you say so,” Steve said, irritated. He walked up to him, reaching for his arms to pull him to his feet.
Steve nodded—and Tony knew then, as they wrapped themselves around each other, that there would never be enough of this. Not in four, ten, or twenty years. After all, with Steve at his side, he had seen glimpses of what they could be together. Lovers, partners, the dearest of friends. Equals. And Tony wanted it
Tony’s eyes were closed. All the arguments, all the conversations they’d had, all his memories of Steve—good and bad—passed through Tony’s mind in that instant. And Steve was right—somehow, none of it mattered very much, anymore.
God, it was driving him mad. As if his heart was too big, as if he couldn’t breathe. For so long he had worried that he was not capable of loving someone. But now, with Tony at his side, it felt that his past life—it was all dim and unimportant.
“That scowl is not very effective that way,” Tony pointed out, and cast a loving hand through Steve’s already messy hair. “Now suck me.”
“Another super soldier?” Bruce asked quietly, leaning forward. “The army must’ve done tests on him. There were no records—”
They drove for another twenty minutes, until they came across a huge road sign that read ‘Roadside America’.
Steve gasped and pushed forward in a frenzy of desperate thrusts. It was a sensory explosion and Steve felt Tony groaning beneath him, probably overstimulated, when soon after—he came, too. It was like a long-winded bang that banished everything but the man he clutched to himself. It was like blinding white spots of perpetual brilliance. And it wracked every nerve in his body; touched every part of him there was to touch.
Steve’s eyes became soft with tenderness. “Well, who’s the sap now?” he murmured, wrapping his arms around Tony’s neck.
Were Wanda and Strange still part of the team? What about Vision and Bruce? They were the ones he needed.
Tony being Tony, however, had of course clung to the worst possible thought entering his genius mind—namely that Steve was disgusted with him or something equally absurd—and yelled at Steve to leave his house, and his life, and never return.
“Yay team parents,” Tony said, then stretched sideways to open the nightstand drawer. Throwing the lube at Steve, he spread his legs. “Now solve the problem down there.”
When Steve glanced at her, there truly was no contempt on her face, and Steve felt a small relieved breath leaving his lips. Okay… it was
"You don't have to," Steve said hurriedly, but then added, "but FRIDAY did announce you earlier. It's gonna raise some questions if you don't show up." To be honest, he was already planning a nice shower after the debrief. Maybe he could even convince Tony to join him, but that was thinking a little too far for him.
"I don't believe we've been introduced," Steve spoke, his voice much sharper than Stane’s as he offered his hand to the man. He may have taken a step forward, as well, to put himself between Tony and Stane, even if a little bit, but that wouldn't be worth mentioning. "I'm Steve Rogers. I understand you're Tony's godfather?"
Tony thought to himself. He vaguely remembered JARVIS asking him to take a break sometime this afternoon, and now that he actually took one, he did begin to feel a bit tired.
Taking the bottle of lube in hand—and Steve very adamantly ignored the fact that it was almost empty—Steve coated two of his own fingers, then let them travel around Tony’s hips.
“Down, down we go,” Clint sing-songed, jarring Steve from his thoughts. They’d arrived at the stairwell. Steve smashed the door’s lock with his shield and when they stepped inside the room, the lights went on, revealing an interior Steve was all too familiar with.
Steve smiled slyly. He’d really hoped Tony would say that. His tiredness all but vanished, and he set up a little straighter, casting Tony a meaningful look. “Good. Next car we pass, you’re mooning.”
With a shake of his head, Tony opened his tablet with the latest draft file. Was the guy flirting with him? Over his kid? His voice had that
The man in his arms might have a dark side—a truly terrifying one, inspiring fear and anguish and guilt in the people that deserved it. And yet, there was also a fierce light shining within him, illuminating his kindness, his loyalty, his strength.
Steve swallowed, hard. If he said yes, Tony would be going—well—where no one had been before, and Steve was a bit apprehensive about that. He didn't know what it would feel like, not really. He knew it must feel great, judging by how his previous partners, but especially Tony, reacted to being on the receiving end of it. Still, it took him a moment before he took a deep breath, braced himself mentally, and pulled back again to look Tony in the eye.
“Natasha,” Steve said. “She’s on her way here, wants to talk again before she leaves for her mission.”
Slowly, Steve turned, walking towards what he assumed was the former master bedroom. Once standing in the doorway, he froze, not quite grasping what lay right in front of him.
Barnes arched a brow. “Now you’re getting testy?” With cool dexterity, he slid the compress over his ears, and leaned back to look at his work. “There. Good as new.”
“It doesn’t,” Tony repeated, and took hold of Steve’s face, kissing him. “It’s already perfect.” Then he turned around, leaning a bit over the RV. “Come up here!” he called. “It’s starting!”
When Sam kneeled down and went to work on her wound with steady movements, there was a glimmer of hope in her eyes—hope that had not completely lost to anguish.
“I just hope our Steve’s all right wherever he is in the future,” Barnes said from his place at the window.
what’s at stake, Stark,” Ross began, his voice exhausted. “We know he’s your husband. We know you want to be informed, but I don’t have any information yet, either. We just know that Rogers, and Barnes, and Wilson, and apparently King T’Challa from Wakanda broke off a car chase, injuring about twenty policemen, six of them badly, and a few dozen more people on the streets.”
He knew he should follow Barnes’ advice, going right after Steve and begging for forgiveness, but this wasn’t the time right now. Not with Ultron on the loose. And… as long as he didn’t face Steve, he could hope he still had his love. It was better than the alternative. Better than what he had to lose—
“Turn on the speakers,” Tony prompted, because what the hell, it didn’t even matter anymore who was angry at him and why.
his realistic might-not-be-dreams, nor could he control how his heart yearned to go back to sleeping.
Tony rolled his eyes and bumped Steve in the side with his elbow. “It’s a day to weep and mourn my youth and cry in the face of all those wrinkles and grey hairs I’m getting.”
“No,” Natasha replied with a soft tone. She walked around the sofa and smiled her always-a-little-crooked smile when she looked down at him. “Don’t know what you boys are fretting over now, but I know you’re a smart guy, Tony, so I suggest you make up with him before it gets bigger than it has to be.”
to bring them in Ross won’t be so stupid to believe the army can do it. He’ll ask us to recuperate and try again. It would give us some time. Granted, not much, but we’d have time to come up with a plan.”
When reaching for Steve again didn’t help, Tony sat up with an annoyed groan. “You’re no fun,” he grumbled as he stood up, making sure to stretch thoroughly.
“Steve,” Bucky called, his tone soft, and Tony had a feeling he’d come to the same terrible conclusion.
Silently, Steve had acknowledged that Tony would have to go to Oslo all by himself, while he and the others were heading towards Seoul to check on Helen Cho, and no matter what was going on between them right now, he hated the fact that they’d have to go separate ways. In dire times like these, he didn’t handle it well whenever Tony wasn’t at his side.
“Soon,” Tony confirmed. His voice sounded throaty and strange. A moment later, he pushed his face into Steve’s neck and breathed in. “So many nights without you. How am I supposed to bear it?”
“You look so good like this,” he said, arching up. Steve’s mouth was molten perfection around him. And just to have his lips around him—his tongue swirling, massaging him as he drew him in deeper, and deeper still, until he brushed the soft back of his throat—that was everything. “Steve—if you keep that up…”
“That was fast,” Tony commented idly. He didn’t know how long they’d been here, but it sure hadn’t been three hours.
The smile broadened. “That’s the beauty of it: It’s a dream. Just do whatever you want… You could start with freeing yourself of that cotton horror, but that’s just my two cents.” Tony pointed at Steve’s pyjama pants. And damn if he wasn’t the most
“Did Clint tell you this was the socially appropriate thing to do?” Steve asked, even as he dug the spoon into the chocolate chip ice cream and let it melt on his tongue. “Because ice cream’s usually for lover’s grief.”
“Well, I would’ve expected a bed of roses, or… fireworks. A trip to Paris would’ve been nice, too. There’s people who rent a whole theater company to pop the question. This…” He waved at the bar in general, “...is pretty mediocre, don’t you think?”
Tony’s brows furrowed in concentration as he yanked the lever into drive and then slowly put his foot down on the gas. The car started, and Tony’s hands gripped the steering wheel so tight his knuckles were white; his body leaned forward awkwardly as he focused on the road.
He lay back down and glanced up at Steve with a lazy smile. “’s not gonna be easy to top yesterday.”
An explosion from the engines shattered the window next to them, and a second later, they were both knocked to one side. Bucky staggered to his feet first, and threw out the arm holding the knife in an almost desperate movement that had lost all finesse.
Ugh. Everything in Steve itched to take out his smartphone and google the hell out of all this, but Bucky was too nosy for his own good and the last thing Steve needed right now was someone to play Twenty Questions with him.
Steve smiled, looking very amused. As if he knew something Tony didn’t. Which was very unsettling. “Of course not,” he said, and kissed Tony once more.
Disarming the last mercs on his way was simple, since Clint had taken out most of them by the time Steve even got there.
Tony asked. It had taken Steve a while to get used to the way he sounded when talking via Extremis. There was a metallic tone to his voice, not unlike JARVIS; only his intonations were still somewhat the same.
Vision’s voice had been as quiet and unsure as Tony had possibly ever heard it. He looked up, and found that the question truly didn’t need much thinking.
And the next thing Tony knew, his back was pressed into the couch. Steve straddled his knees and before Tony could say something to that, Steve’s tongue had already plundered his mouth.
Tony swallowed hard and gathered himself. If he wavered, he would collapse with Steve still around him, and never let him go.
It had been a grueling couple of weeks, and Steve had been hoping to meet Tony for most of that time. The frustration of being apart and unable to see him mounted every day, and Steve himself had had the mind to just take his bike one day and go. The New Avengers were a strong bunch. They could be instructed over comm if any emergencies came about. But he hadn't had the chance to do that yet, and finding Tony at their facility made Steve's excitement rear up its head in less than a second. Tony had clearly made a surprise trip, if Steve were to judge by Tony's attire as he stood at the door, shifting his weight a little from leg to leg. Clad in one of his workshop slacks, a stained shirt and a casual blazer, Tony looked like he hadn't even checked himself in the mirror before heading over. Steve’s heart was racing as he let his eyes roam Tony’s body shamelessly, memories of their shared night, and morning, surfacing immediately.
Tony stretched his poor old limbs, then squatted down in front of his jacket, which he’d carelessly thrown to the ground earlier. After fishing out a small paper card, he turned it back and forth for a handful of times, gauging the best way to do this.
What was done was done. No going back. Extremis was gone, as was Ultron. And while Steve was so relieved they had all come out on the other side, there was a part of him that wished they’d found a different way to do this. No matter what else, Tony hadn’t deserved to be the one to sacrifice everything for victory once more.
Really, the situation might not be pleasant, but this was no life-or-death sort of thing. It would be fine.
Steve heaved a low breath. “No.” He could barely look at the thing that spoke with JARVIS’ voice; that even owned his intonations. Whenever his tone was disapproving, or sarcastic, he sounded so much like the AI it physically hurt. Clearing his throat, Steve forced himself to stay focused. “Did Tony talk with you? About the mission?”
It was almost cute to how much Barnes depended on Natasha already. He’d watched the two of them interact, had watched the progress Barnes had made with her at his side. But Tony had a feeling it was better not to call him up on it. “She was the third one after me and Steve, yes.”
“We won’t,” Steve confirmed. “But it isn’t something that can be repaired by putting a leash on us. The risk is always gonna be there, and we can’t have the government exploit it. You can’t tell me you truly believe they won’t try to use us for their own agendas. It’s a dangerous game, Tony.”
The smell of pancakes hit his nose before he was all the way downstairs to the common room and Tony’s speed picked up as his stomach growled with anticipation. “Oh hey. Morning,” he greeted when he spotted Natasha in the kitchen.
Steve sighed, nodded. “I’ll come back soon.” With that, he sat up and moved for Tony’s mouth, kissing him with such fervor that there was no way to mistake his intent. “Thank you,” Steve mumbled, before he made to stand up.
He wanted those memories unlocked. He wanted that new and scary part of himself. That sort of passion, that sort of selflessness, that sort of love was something he’d craved for longer than he’d liked to admit. And to know he was going to have it—with
And that also meant Tony was the benefactor who’d funded the expedition. His heart swelled. Tony had looked for him—had searched for over sixteen years. That had to mean something, right?
“There is no need for unnecessary awkwardness, Tony,” Vision said with a serene smile. “You are among friends and we are happy for you.”
Apart from the day when Tony had gotten notice that, miraculously—and definitely without Tony’s help—all prisoners from the RAFT had managed to flee, Tony had not heard of Steve and the others again. That had been over two months ago. It was as if, one day, they had simply vanished from his life, and only Ian’s crying, and Tony's cold bed reminded him that nothing was as it was supposed to be.
He tried to stay quiet as he gathered his things and put them into the small duffle bag that still leaned against the wall next to the door. There wasn’t much he had to take with him, he’d mostly buy everything he needed on the road.
This past week had been full of surprises. The visit from his parents that went—considering Tony had just blurted out that Steve was his boyfriend—in large, as expected. A bunch of yelling, accusations, name calling, offers to pay for therapy that were extremely of the unwanted variety, and a retreat when Howard saw there was no point in his coming there in the first place.
He turned his metal hand into a fist, wondering if she could hear his heart as it suddenly began to slam against his breastbone. If she did, she gave no indication. Cautiously, he tugged on her hand until the length of her arm splayed across his abdomen. “Stay with me.”
A very long silence settled over the room. A friend of Mrs. Stark. Not Tony’s, not the family’s friend.
It obviously wasn’t her fault he didn’t remember her, and Tony wanted to tell her that, but Natasha only smiled and shook her head. The next second, the med kit shut with a definite metallic snap. Natasha picked it up, standing. Her face was closed off and Tony knew she wouldn’t want the comfort—she’d made up her mind about Bucky Barnes long ago.
Tony hummed, and for half a minute, he said nothing. Then, he raised a brow, and Vision could spot his lips twitching with amusement. “When you say you remember ‘each of our interactions’…”
Steve broke off a green twig, frayed one end and handed it to him. “Toothbrush. Sorry, no toothpaste, not even salt. That was what we used to do during the war when the rations ran out. Dip a frayed twig in salt to brush our teeth.”
“What should I call you, then?” he asked, filing away the fact that he hadn’t ever seen any of Steve’s art pieces and deciding to make up for that, very soon. “‘History of Art teacher Steve Rogers’ is a bit long, I think. Are we ready for pet names? ‘Cause I got a whole bunch of them,
“Hush,” Maria chided, and unexpectedly, she was the first to stand and walk up to Tony. She leaned down a bit, smiling as brightly as Steve had ever seen her do as she regarded the newest addition to the Avengers’ household.
He still couldn’t wrap his mind around that fact. That he’d done so many horrible things, fucked up everything so completely. That despite it all, somehow, he’d ended up with this.
“No. Just booze and then nothing.” Tony drew in a breath and decided to brave it. He opened his eyes to meet Rhodey’s troubled gaze. He looked more concerned for him than anything else. “And Carol,” he remembered. “She turned up there after you.”
so much. Tony's dick was about as wide as his fingers, but longer, and the slide of him inside felt like nothing Steve had ever felt before. He was leaning over Steve, clearly awed by what they were doing, and Steve soaked up in the radiance of that grin. Everything felt so warm and affectionate that he couldn't believe this was the same man that only a few weeks ago would've glared daggers at him for the smallest slight.
Steve frowned, looking down on his hands. “I’m not saying this will be easy. It won’t. But there’s really no alternative.”
“Tony?” Steve breathed, terrible confusion and fear leaking into his voice. The fact that he still used the name Tony had given himself upon arriving in Los Angeles and not his real name—not
Steve nodded stoically and Tony could tell by the way Fury pursed his lips next to him that he was not happy with Steve’s plan either. He looked for all the world like Steve had taken him down a notch or two, and Tony was kind of glad that he hadn’t been there for that particular conversation.
Steve shook his head heatedly. “I want you to trust me that I’ll do everything in my power not to let that happen.”
It felt that years passed before they pulled apart, both gasping, Steve’s brow resting against Tony’s. It was oddly the most erotic moment of Steve’s entire life. Knowing that he could make a powerful being like Tony pant like that.
Everyone had taken a seat around the table, and Bucky watched as Steve and Tony shared a look that meant business, before Steve cleared his throat. He raised himself to his feet.
“Do you know where he is?” Steve asked, already sounding much more like himself. There was a glint in his eyes—full of rage and strength and something far too close to self-destruction.
“That’s incredible,” Maria said, even while shaking her head a little. Steve could sympathize. It had taken a while for him to really warm up to the idea, too. “Will you make it public?”
She stopped with a small grin. “It’s fine, I’m not gonna say anything,” she said, needing no further direction. And her acceptance was plain but heartfelt. “Really—congratulation.”
At that, Steve stood up, his chair almost toppling to the ground. “So once again, you just told yourself you already knew what I’d say? I haven’t even made a statement yet!”
He woke up a couple of hours later to find himself on his back with something pressed up against his side. Steve opened his eyes, feeling the cold air chilling his every move. Tony was lying beside him, his back against Steve’s arm, curled into himself, a hand resting protectively over his own chest. He looked younger like this, Steve thought belatedly, the sharpness and wariness completely gone from his face.
that,” Stark said. “Believe me, I do. And I understand that the waiting is killing you, but if your presence will trigger him again, it will only be harder. His brain needs more time to adjust to the absence of barriers. You really need to trust me on this.”
to wake him up, though, there really was no way around it. Tony glanced warily at Steve’s fisted hands and tried to decide upon the method that was least likely to gain him a black eye.
Bruce’s gaze narrowed as he considered Natasha. “Tasha,” he said gently. “There isn't exactly a long list of options. We need a distraction, and I can be very distractive. I can take care of myself. I’ve been doing it for a long time.” He pointed a finger to Tony. “And you ought to know me well enough by now to guess that whatever you say is not going to work. I’m not worried. You’ll get me out after. You’re Tony Stark.”
Steve looked down. Tony’s hands had always fascinated him, all the different things they could do. How often he used them to create, pouring out all of the thoughts built up inside him to create something new. The way they could comfort as easily as hurt.
Steve’s long strides came to a screeching halt as Bucky appeared out of nowhere. The mask was gone now, exposing an empty face with even emptier eyes. They were simply blank, as if someone had pulled out a plug and all the color, and everything that had made Bucky who he was, had swirled down through a hole inside him.
Natasha and Tony shared a look, then after a moment of pointed and silent communication, Steve huffed out a loud breath.
“You know, Rogers, your little pal’s going down with us. ‘Bucky’, was it? He seems to be quite the celebrity these days. I met him once, you know that? He remembered you, got all weepy about it. Cried, wailed, till they put his brain back in the blender.” He paused dramatically. “It’s hilarious to think that he’s going to be pardoned, and that
Now, Steve’s experience in the sex department was not exactly leaping off the charts, but he figured he must be doing all right, if Tony’s reaction was any indication.
the younger one, so he might as well be a bit unreasonable. “Come on, at least let us sleep in the same bed, you’re killing me, you know that? I’m literally dying here.”
Steve didn’t look too fazed by that. “We were aware of that, trust me. And yet, it happened. We hadn’t planned for it, it just happened. And we didn’t regret it once.”
Tony still hesitated, so without further ado, Steve stripped out of his pants, shirt and underwear and jumped right in.
And ever since Steve and Barnes had walked away to god-knows where, Tony’s mornings bore the desire to not get up, to not get in the shower and not go kill himself a bit more today. It never worked. The hold was too great. He had to attend Supreme Court hearings, and CIA hearings, and Senate hearings every day. He did work for institutions with hands that were no longer his, and left the office not really knowing if the world was better or worse for it.
It was strange, though. Neither Nat nor Bucky seemed to see anything different about him. He was still wearing his armor, after all, which was decidedly torn and battle-stained.
Steve didn’t know how to answer. So far their arrangement basically consisted of Tony paying for everything as they travelled across the countries. They slept in the same suites, but never in the same bed. Tony never asked anything of him, there were only lingering looks and a constant stream of flirting whenever they were on their own.
