Now onto the real question. Were you fucking drunk when you sent that email? Schnozzel? Really? Or did Mycroft drug/poison you in retaliation for stealing his car?
“Listen, we’ll just tell her we’re giving her a week to get everything in order, and another week for wiggle room. Spring weather, unpredictable, yeah?” John offered as he buckled himself in, then stared pointedly at Sherlock’s unused buckle. Sherlock rolled his eyes but John put his foot down. “Listen, I've almost lost you thanks to a building falling on you. Let's not test our luck.”
A small smile tugged at Sherlock’s lips as he thought about the man currently cleaning himself up only a few paces down the hall. He honestly never expected the two of them would ever be able to meet in person, specifically this early in their correspondence. Granted it had been almost eight months of letters and phone conversations, but Sherlock was sure that long distance relationships worked somewhat differently than relationships close by. Not that he had much experience in that either but…there was also the reality of John constantly being in dangerous situations, specifically with him not being around to protect him. Not that John needed protecting per say, but it would make Sherlock feel more secure if he was around to balance the situations more in John’s favor.
John let out a low growl, a noise that started as a soft moan and slowly grew into a rumble, at the sight. Before he knew what he was doing, he was locking eyes with the gorgeous man sitting beside him. He reached out and took one of Sherlock’s hands in his own, and slowly  lifted it to his lips. At the first brush of skin against lip, John stuck his tongue out and gave Sherlock’s middle finger a lick, his tongue came away tasting of chocolate and
“Oh, you want me on my knees, do you?” John growled and raised himself up on his knees so he was even taller than Sherlock. “How's this?” He leaned down and nibbled at Sherlock’s ear.
“Mycroft Holmes, I brought you into this world and I can most certainly take you out of it. Now go be a good boy and get the camera.” Mrs. Holmes moved from beside her husband and disappeared towards her room, returning a moment later with a bulging bag. “Even have one for you, John. Hope you don’t mind, but when Mycroft told me your height, I couldn’t resist.”
“Mmmpppfff…” Sherlock went to return the kiss, wanting to wrap his arms around John, but by the time he’d pulled himself together John was already moving towards the bathroom, calling over his shoulder, “Joining me?” Sherlock wasted no time in scooping up a fresh set of clothes before dashing after his husband.
Prompt 2: Person A carries a sleeping Person B to bed. B wakes up and pretends to stay asleep so A will still carry them. (I sort of did that lol)
“Yes. Your orders, Captain.” Sherlock towered over John, trailing a finger over his jaw before stepping just out of his reach, “You are to go to the mess hall and ask for the basket of food I had prepared for us. Then, meet me by the east gate in twenty minutes. Oh, and don’t forget to give yourself permission to leave base.”
“Try not to get loud, the window is open.” John chuckled, pouring more lube out between Sherlock’s cheeks. “Anyone could hear you. Could wonder what we’re up too. Unless that's what you want.” John lined himself up and pressed the tip of his cock against Sherlock's hole and pushed. Sherlock responded by letting out a filthy moan and gripped the far edge of the desk, pushing himself back against John.
“We should go back soon, before it becomes fully dark.” John broke the silence after what felt like an age. The sun was now beginning its descent, the golden colour of mid afternoon having changed to reds and pinks.
The palm of Sherlock’s hand suddenly collided with the shower wall directly next to John’s head. With an almost predatory smirk, Sherlock gracefully bent forward until his mouth was up against John’s ear, Sherlock’s moist lips lightly grazing the outer shell.
Once again, Sherlock wrinkled his nose at the mention of his brother. “First of all, let us make it a rule that Mycroft’s name, or anything pertaining to his royal fatness, will no longer be spoken of during our holiday. I’d rather not have him tarnishing our time together. Secondly, if sexual intercourse is indeed not an option, there are numerous other activities we can choose from correct?” At this, Sherlock turned his head and gave John a small yet rare smile, “I am sure we can come up with something.”
“Ouuff!” Sherlock muttered, but regained his balance quickly enough, but not before his arse wiggled over John’s crotch with no small amount of force. “Didn’t see you there.”
John’s mouth began to water at the sound of Sherlock opening the biscuits, and he hastily dressed himself in his jeans and jumper. It felt great, he had to admit to himself, to be dressed like a normal person again. He felt himself relax for the first time since first arriving in Afghanistan. He’d spent so much of his last year in camo that he’d almost forgotten about his love for cozy jumpers. (And just how very relaxing it was not being in an active war zone.)  Once dressed, and his fatigues were folded and put aside, John sat on the small sofa, opting for the spot directly beside Sherlock instead of the far end of the cushions.
After lunch, while Sherlock and Mrs. Holmes finished the place cards,  John and his father-in-law sat down at the large table in the dining room and set about making centerpieces for the tables. Mrs. Holmes had purchased green squishy floral foam, tape and wires, and had made a sample for the men to follow. There were four different flowers: green carnations (a hint to Oscar Wilde which made John secretly pleased), white peonies, daisies, and a soft pink rose. John and Mr. Holmes were instructed to stick the stems of two peonies, one rose, and as many daisies as needed, into the foam ball, then place each ball inside a mason jar that Mrs. Holmes had coated in a beautiful gold glitter spray paint, then each needed to be topped off with water.
of their bodies touched, and one that John welcomed with a soft sigh. John let himself relax into the touch, taking a step back just as Sherlock stepped forward, finding himself partially in the spray of warm water. Their bodies connected, Sherlock’s chest to John’s back, then his hips to John’s bum. Sherlock’s hold on John’s arms then shifted, as he snaked his hands under John’s arms, embracing John from behind.
“Breakout?” Sherlock quirked an eyebrow and leaned back in his chair. “You believe someone broke out of the base, not in.”
Sherlock’s chuckle came from deep within his chest as he continued to tease John into a aroused mess. “True. I suppose we should settle any previous debts we have before taking on any new ones.”
“The stairs, will you be alright?” Sherlock gently guided John to the front door and looked at him with concern written all over his face.
“Fiiineee…” Sherlock drawled and dragged over a wooden chair and plopped down with a huff of air that made the curls on his forehead wiggle.
“Git.” Sherlock muttered, bending down to retrieve his trousers, presenting his still naked arse to John, who gave it a nice hard slap that echoed pleasantly throughout the room. Sherlock gave a little bark of annoyance, but his eyes twinkled when he handed his bank card over to John.
“So, we’re changing that to six impossible things before lunch, then?” John stole one last kiss before tearing himself from Sherlock, then the bed before he was tempted to curl back up under the covers.
“Mmm,” John finished chewing and had to catch a bit of jam with his finger, “Usually they just go by whatever flight is next. My flight there won’t be as glorious as some of the last. I’ll be in a cargo plane, strapped to one of the sides.”
“Clearly wire cutters, see that edge… I’d say they were new, or freshly sharpened, though no one bothers to sharpen wire cutters. Cut clean through, no scoring marks.” Sherlock pointed to a bit of the fence and John nodded in agreement.
In the two months since the visit in which he informed his brother that the man he loved was missing in action he’d made it a point to visit weekly. Partly to check on his brothers wellbeing, but mostly (and he would never admit this) he cared. He loathed seeing his brother slowly fade back to the shell that he was before John.
I also regret to inform you, dear Doctor, that I am permitted THREE guesses a correspondence, as you so generously stated in one of your previous letters --
“And what it is is shit.” Sherlock gasped out then took a deep breath as he tried to steady his breathing.
“It was either that or a blindfold, John. A little bit of mystery just adds to the romance. Or so I’ve read.” Sherlock could be heard, moving about, plates clinking together, containers being opened, then there was a sound of a cork being pulled free from a bottle and Sherlock gave the all clear. When John turned around it was to see his husband sitting, facing away from him, on the blanket with two glasses of red wine in his hand. The picnic basket had been closed and a blanket was draped over the top, and beside Sherlock was three containers. One contained spaghetti, another salad, while the third had garlic bread, which was somehow still warm. Sherlock nodded his head to the empty space just to his left, John’s right. John sat, and and willingly took the glass of wine from Sherlock, but before he could take a sip Sherlock held his out in the air and said,
I, er, had one of the guys snap a picture of me in my uniform. We did a few drills today, to make sure we all worked well together, and before I got out of uniform I asked Miller to take this. For you.
“You almost weren’t.” Sherlock bit his lip and silently cursed himself as he felt the burn of tears begin to form.
After getting John’s obvious approval, Sherlock brought his focus back to the second most interesting aspect in the room, next to John Watson himself. Closing the distance, Sherlock began running his fingertips along the outer edge of the tattoo. He couldn’t help but marvel at the detail that was given to such a simple piece of work. The outline was dark with just the hint of colour in the appropriate spots. Most individuals would probably have the entire image overpowered with yellows and oranges, taking away from the realism and gentle beauty of the piece. John obviously knew the power of minimalism and expressed as such, not just through the tattoo that was currently the main focus of Sherlock’s exploration, but through the way he conducted his own existence.
Usually, Tindo is the one to bring the angst, but it is I Blood who come baring. Honestly, it's very mild compared to what it could be, but hopefully it will still stab you right it the feels somewhat. If not, we have another chapter coming up that will most definitely get the job done ★~(◠ω◕✿)
What will it take, Husband, to keep you from worrying? I’m yours, John, all yours. Forever and always. Plus, you’re the only human being I don’t find despicable, so you’ve got that going for you. All this fretting of yours  is not very becoming and it must come to an end. I told you before we parted last, that I was happy to wait for you.
Three hours later, and two more appointments (once each) with a reputable GP, John, and Sherlock were finally on their way home. Each with medication, mainly antibiotics to prevent adding infections to their list of ailments, and each with strict orders to rest.
“My mind has been… calmer, less commotion. Normally I can't get a moment’s peace from my thoughts. I have been…” Sherlock looked over to John and gave him a sad smile, “sad. But I also thought I would be saying goodbye to my husband after just a few short days with him. We found out this morning that we have two months together.”
It’s rather late as I sit down and write this. Mrs. Hudson has long since retired, as well as the rest of London. The few exceptions, of course, being the young individual stumbling back from a drunken night of partying, and the well-respected executive silently creeping back to his home after a sordid night having sex with his secretary. Unbeknownst to him, his wife has also not been idle. An affair with her personal trainer, or possibly his best friend? Even the most perfect relationship develops blemishes John.
Sherlock bit his lip and blinked away the tears as he slipped the tags around his neck, silently vowing to himself to never take them off. Through blurry eyes he examined the rest of the contents, only half hearing Mycroft when he said the rest of Johns belongings would be shipped over soon. On the table in front of him, was the picture he’d sent John ages ago of himself with that silly tiara on his head. The photograph was wrinkled and worn and he could almost see John looking at the picture with that half smile of his. Under the picture was a small pocket sized notebook. Also worn.
Pushing all thought from his mind, John set to work. He swirled his tongue around, and around, and around. Each time feeling every shiver and quiver Sherlock couldn’t control. When finally the muscles relaxed John let the tip, just the tip, of his tongue push inside which made Sherlock let out the most gorgeous noise John had ever heard. It was somewhere halfway between a moan and a string of cuss words. John found himself needing to hear it again so he pressed his tongue in further and moaned along when Sherlock uttered the noise again, only this time louder.
“Bathroom, to have a wash, and get you a warm flannel.” John flashed Sherlock a wink then shuffled into the adjoining bathroom, returning a minute later with a freshly washed face and, as promised, a damp cloth.
“Might see if Harry is around. That alright?” John asked a few minutes later, now dressed in jeans and a soft green t-shirt.
John placed his hands on his lap and stared into the fire. He didn’t know how to tell Sherlock that he didn’t
While Sherlock did as John had requested John continued to alternate between singing and humming, sometimes repeating the chorus twice before humming half of the next verse. Sherlock watched with a knowing smirk and, as he handed the plates and silverware over, he leaned his hip against the counter and said in a very matter of fact tone,“You've forgotten the words.”
“Mmm took it from my brother’s wine cellar. Bottle was so old it didn’t even have a label on it. When I say took…”
“Oh, how romantic.” John groaned and pulled himself to his feet again. “Come on, let's shower, then start unpacking a bit. It would be nice to have some of our clothes unpacked, among other things.”
Now, regarding Rugby. I’ll confess that I have little knowledge of the sport. I know you’ve mentioned it in the past, but I wasn’t exactly the athletic type in school. (Apparently boxing doesn’t count as a sport to most of the world.) I had to google what exactly a Fly-Half was, and I have one question for you. Do you wear those little shorts while you play? If so, what are the chances I can get a picture? If not, I’m sure I can strong arm Mummy into sponsoring your team, thus providing you with uniforms. I think a lovely shade of periwinkle blue would look lovely against your tanned skin, or perhaps a vibrant shade of green. I know that this is… a bit unorthodox… but the thought of you getting tackled, well, it turns me on. Not because I’m enjoying the image of a man on top of you (a man other than myself) but because I know you, John, I know the secret strength hidden in your body. That is what turns me on.
“Corner, by the sofa. Box on top.” Sherlock waved a hand in the general direction of the box and John shuffled to his feet. It was only as he was digging through the box for a towel did he realize that he was naked, standing inches away from the window, and should anyone choose to look up they’d…. Well, they’d get a surprise for sure. He pushed that thought aside, grabbed the first towel he saw then stepped out of sight of the street below.
“Why are you taking them home? If I’m already driving back home later, why must you take them. Unless.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes at his older brother then glanced imploringly at his mother. “You won’t let him put surveillance in my room, will you? I’ve spent the last 8 months unable to take a piss without being watched, don’t tell me this is going to continue.”
“Inside this is documentation, documentation about my life before I met you, specifically about my first stay in rehab and the events preceding,” Sherlock silently scoffed at their current situation, “I assume Mycroft left it here in an attempt to bring you to your senses…”
“I’m so fucking close, Sherlock…” John warned as Sherlock sped up and his movements become uncoordinated and jerky. A grunt of forced concentration was his only answer, and John took that as “Me too, you daft idiot, so hurry up and fuck me harder.” Which, of course, he did.
“Apologies,” Sherlock chanced a look at his father who was giving him that coaxing parental look. Heaving another sigh, Sherlock brought his attention back to Mycroft, “And thank you for bringing John here.”
He had always enjoyed music. His parents made sure to expose himself and Mycroft to many aspects of the arts at a young age, and music always seemed to stick with him. He was around seven years of age when he was gifted his first Stradivarius by his parents. It didn't take him long to figure out the most difficult of pieces, playing each one until he deemed each note, each caress of the bow string to be perfect. He remembered being consumed by the music, of the voice the Stradivarius had when he played. It was almost like an extension of his own voice, it allowed him to express what he was feeling when his words could not.
Why does it still hurt John? It isn’t the first time I’ve had homosexual slurs thrown at me. When I was young, kids used to use them against me all the time before beating me up in the bathroom or behind the school so why does it still affect me like it does. It wasn’t just me either. He started insulting you, YOU of all people. I won’t repeat what he said here, but rest assured I informed him that you were nothing short than an honorable soldier who was risking his life to keep miserable scum like him safe. I then proceeded to inform him that his obvious homophobia was likely stemming from his desire to have his History instructor bend him over his desk and fuck him until they were both satisfied. Something that would never happen as he had no hopes of satisfying anyone. Erectile dysfunction at such a young age is rare but can be taken care of given the proper medical attention.
This new position gave them each a bit more movement so John was able to slide his hands up and down Sherlock’s thighs while Sherlock’s long fingers began pressing rhythmically against his perineum. The bedroom was soon awash in breathy moans, the sound of soft suckling noises, and the occasional swear (from John).
"Mm? No?" John gasped out and let his eyes flutter shut as Sherlock's expert fingers began urging more and more blood to fly to his groin. Sherlock gently stroked until his cock grew harder and harder, his foreskin reseeding to reveal a red and swollen tip.
“Hands off, Sherlock! Dirty little cock whores like yourself don’t get to touch. Now open that hole of yours!” To emphasise his point John touched the tip of his cock against Sherlock’s closed lips and pushed. Sherlock’s lips parted readily and John groaned as his aching cock found relief inside Sherlock’s
Hey everyone! Guess who's back!! :D And I've brought a wondrous chapter with me! Seriously guys, I may have not had the opportunity to respond to your comments last chapter, but know I did read them and I really am thankful for the understandings and the get well wishes. I honestly love this fandom and how close knit we all are; it really makes everything more bearable sometimes. Thank you guys again. ♡
“John…” Sherlock reached over and grabbed John’s face with both hands and smashed their lips together so hard it hurt.
“What have I said about talking with your mouth full, and Merry Christmas, darling. Sleep well?” She winked at John and shooed Sherlock away from the food. “It isn’t ready yet, go find Father and Mycroft. They were outside,
By the time John had retrieved his belt, and fixed his clothing, Sherlock was pushing himself up into a standing position. When he turned around he looked positively radiant. His hair was a mess, his whole body glistened with sweat, his eyes were slightly dazed, and he had the biggest grin plastered over his face. John couldn’t help himself, he took half a dozen steps, closed the space between them, took Sherlock’s head in his hands and positively snogged him.
“Mmm visit. I’ll get leave, every two months or so. Job there will be more mentally taxing. Helmand is… a bit dangerous, so they make sure soldiers take leave after a few months. Last thing they want is a burnt out soldier with a gun, or a weary doctor unable to perform surgery. I’ll get four days off at a time, and while I won't be allowed to go more than 300 kilometers from base, you could come to me.”
“My pocket, like I said before. Figured we might need it. Really, John, you're very forgetful when you have an erection.” Sherlock flashed John a smug grin then wiggled his finger until it slipped inside.
“So… Hakim has her now?” John felt his heart rate increase as the story began to unfold in front of him.
“Get up, and I promise you you’ll regret it.” Sherlock moaned and wiggled his toes in a silent request for John to continue.
break the toilet!” John flicked his hips towards Sherlock’s face and grinned when he made a slight choking sound as the head of his cock came into contact with the back of Sherlock’s throat.
"Haven't played in nearly a year. Mycroft thought it best my violin stay where it wouldn't get damaged." Sherlock grinned and pulled the tiara off his head, placing it on the coffee table, adding with a smirk, “it’s Mummy’s. I
“Christ! You're impossible.” John grumbled and rolled over again, this time burying his face in Sherlock's hip.
“Count for me, Sherlock. Tell me when I’ve reached 50.” With that, John brought the crop down hard, much harder than Sherlock was expecting if his sharp intake of breath was anything to go by. “Oh? Were you expecting me to start of easy?” John laughed and brought the crop down hard 4 more times in the same spot with four satisfying
But yes, about your apparent refusal to send me a mental image. I've just decided that, until rectified, I shall picture you as a Mycroft Holmes lookalike. Perhaps a bit rounder in the midsection though. Which is a rather entertaining image once the tiara has been added.
"No time for that now." Sherlock said impatiently as he wrapped a warm hand around John's now mostly soft prick.
“Sherlock, what?” John sighed and got up, placing his book face down on the arm of his chair and going over to where his husband was.
*play's music over the loudspeakers* Guess who's back, back again. Blood is back, tell a friend. Guess who's back, Guess who's back, Guess who's back...
I was cursed by the destroyer of worlds for a week (flu), hence the very VERY sparse of activity with comment replies, but I'm almost back at 100% now (:
It has been a pleasure. Each one of you who had commented, be it once, or nearly every chapter, thank you. You kept us going, you provided us with endless giggles. And sometimes (a lot of the time) your comments came at the very second blood and I needed pick me ups.
“No? Keep it up and you’ll find out.” John shuffled closer on his knees and began rubbing the tip of his dick across Sherlock’s hole. When Sherlock said nothing, and simply bit his lip in anticipation, John grinned and pushed in. They both gasped. John at how incredibly tight and warm his husband’s body was around him, and Sherlock at being filled so perfectly.
“For a safe house, it certainly is elegant.” John muttered, sparing the back of the vine covered cottage a glance, “you’d think, if you needed a safe house, you wouldn’t care much about the garden.”
Hello! Tindo here with an apology! This delay has been 100% my fault. I've been struggling with migraines and have just finally been seen by my doctor today. She gave me drugs, hopefully helpful drugs that'll knock these suckers out of the park, because I've literally been mush for the last week. My poor BF has been lovely and has driven me around as much as he can because I couldn't see out of my right eye due to the pain. (Which made looking at a computer to write nearly impossible.)  Currently the medication is working, if only taking the edge off. But hey, that's better than nothing!
“Quickly, please.” Sherlock was now squirming on the table, any self discipline he possessed was now gone and it was all he could to do remain still.
This chapter has a special shout out to another fandom. It wasn't originally planned, just something that sort of wormed its way inside. Both me and Tindo are HUGE fans of said fandom so I'm honestly not surprised. I'm not going to say what fandom it is though. However, those who spot the reference and point it out in the comments get internet cookies and hugs!
“Yes, alright. Come here.” John propped himself up on the headboard so he was half sitting, half laying down, supported by the pillows and motioned for Sherlock to come join him. He had intended for Sherlock to come straddle his hips, so when Sherlock instead simply wormed his way higher on the bed, rested his head on John’s stomach and wrapped his lips around John’s cock, John hissed out a moan and let his head fall back against the headboard.
Sherlock wasn't sure exactly what he suspected to happen once him and John were alone. Maybe there would be some pleasantries, some awkward shuffling about (there most certainly had been that), a sense of overwhelming at finally meeting each other face to face. Standing together in the kitchen, waiting for water to boil for tea and kissing like their lives depended on it was most certainly
“I take it this came as a surprise to you as well? Not very nice of him, springing this on you. Christ, you're probably freaking out… I know I am,” he let out a long sigh and leaned his head back, knees folding out from under him as he allowed himself to slide down the wall, landing with a soft thud on his bum. “Take your time… I mean it, Sherlock.”
“Yeah…” it came out as a croak, and John didn’t bother to hide the tears that were now streaking down his face. “God, I love you, you know that right?”
“Together. Seems surviving an air strike prompted them to give me a month of medical leave, and, my CO looked into my records and realised how much I’ve done with so little time off, so he gave me an additional month of personal leave. We’ve got until July together, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, here,” John raised a hand and instinctively sat up straight, placing his half-finished tea on the table beside him.
“And?” Sherlock snapped, annoyed that Mycroft was trying to be delicate when all he wanted was the truth. “I won’t repeat myself again. Either tell me, or get out” Sherlock’s voice into turned to a snarl and his face hardened.
“You should know everything, and only after you know will we burn it. Provided you’re still here of course.”
“No. Well, yes. Last night when I tried ordering you a second plate of risotto.” John giggled at the memory and pressed his thigh down a bit firmer against Sherlock's cock.
The art featured in this chapter was something I had commissioned about 16 months ago, so I apologize that Sherlock doesn't have a ring on his finger! But it fit so well we decided to use it. The artist can be found here: http://ambagem.deviantart.com/ and on facebook under the same name.  Please be respectful, I paid for this picture and would prefer it NOT to be posted anywhere on any social media sight. The artist has given me permission to use it... but I don't want to find it elsewhere online.
“Allowed? In fact it is preferred.” With that John spun back around and strode off to the bathroom. No sooner had he stripped off his clothes and stepped inside the shower tub combo could Sherlock’s form be seen in the door. “Hope you like the water hot, Sherlock.”
I'm sorry I haven't written you in a few weeks. They released me from hospital just in time for me to pack before being shipped out. The guys threw me a big party the night before I left. (Don't worry I'm still on enough pain medication that I knew better than to drink.) They had somehow gotten their hands on a movie, so we spent the night eating whatever junk food had been mailed to us in care packages, and watching an old cheesy Godzilla movie.
“Right. Well…” grinning John dropped his towel and pulled the box of condoms and a bottle of lube out of a pocket and tossed them both to Sherlock, who caught them with catlight agility.
“Hey…” John’s whispered voice caught Sherlock’s attention as the Captain cupped his good hand over Sherlock’s jaw and pulled up gently until their eyes met. “I’m alright. I’m here.”
“Now, if you two boys are satisfied for the time being, I’d very much like to steal your husband, Sherlock.”
Sounds of the water splashing against the wall filled the room as John began to wash himself. Sherlock’s mind was soon filled with images of John, his John, naked and covered in suds. Suddenly Sherlock found himself harboring a level of jealousy he hadn’t felt since he was a small child; back when he was eight and he expressed complete distaste with the fact that one of the spare bedrooms was allowed to be turned into a private study for Mycroft, but not into a personal lab for himself. Storing said memory back into its appropriate room, Sherlock focused once again at the current situation. John Watson had been the one to put those suds on his own body and that most certainly would not do. Before he had time to think about what he was doing, Sherlock was pulling his hoodie over his head and tossing it to the floor where it was quickly followed by the rest of his clothing. Moments later he was standing behind John surrounded by the damp warmth of the shower.
“Very mature, John.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes and growled, still not entirely convinced that he should allow John to go the day without the splints.
With the towel still over his head, as his hair was still not up to his standards of dry, Sherlock appeared through the hallway entrance and began his typical berating reserved for only his brother. “You better be thankful I even agreed to participate in this ridiculous family affair. I also hope you remembered to stock the kitchen with the particular biscuits that I like, otherwise I may just be tempted to bring up those riveting tales of that summer with the neighbors visiting cousin you were so fond of.”
“Yeah well, months without sex will do that…” John flashed Sherlock’s a brief grin then concentrated on taking off of Sherlock without too much discomfort. It was almost a full minute before he was thoroughly seated on his husband and they both lay there panting as if this were their first time.
Ruffling his wet curls with his unoccupied hand, Sherock did his best to remove such thoughts from his mind. It wouldn’t do to be sullen around Mummy, lest she begin prying into the reason. Last thing Sherlock wanted to discuss was his insecurities about his and John’s relationship. Bringing the second towel over his head, Sherlock began vigorously attempting to dry his hair. Retreating from the bathroom, he was just about to retrieve his mobile and call Mycroft when he heard the telltale noise of the front door slamming open. While it was uncharacteristic for his brother to announce himself in such a violent fashion, Sherlock considered that something obviously had ruffled his brother to such a point, bringing a small smile to his lips. Not wanting to pass up an opportunity to create more havoc in his brother’s life, Sherlock swiftly made his way over to the bedroom door, opening it with a flourish he knew would bristle the man’s nerves even further and made his way out into the cottage sitting room.
We *Might* have special chapters posted on Wednesdays, but those will be sparatic at best. Blood is back to school and my life had taken a turn down "crazy lane" so free time is almost non existent. However, now that we're back to the letters it should be smooth sailing for me as I won't have to pound out 5k+ words by mostly myself each week :)
“You’re… I’ll be… we...will be naked.” Though they had been rather intimate before, and yes, they had just purchased a handful of items that indicated they’d be seeing each other very naked in the nearby future, Sherlock found himself hesitating.
"Need to get as much of you as I can..." Though John tried to hide it, Sherlock picked up on the hint of sadness in John's tone as he began kissing down Sherlock's stomach. "Had we the day together alone, I would have spent the whole day cataloging how you taste and smell.
“Mm. No.” John shook his head but smiled, “Probably not this time. Might get to one more, if you're up to it when we get back.”
The thought made him smile like a fool. Seeing as Sherlock appeared to have no interest (or perhaps ability) to move, John pressed Sherlock’s mug into his hands then reached for his.
Sherlock hummed in satisfaction as he took a moment to enjoy the feeling of John’s teeth gently caressing the outer shell of his ear. He absolutely loved it when John was like this, warm and teasing. He also enjoyed it when John was relaxed and content, specifically after they've each had a fulfilling orgasm. There were many sides of John that Sherlock coveted, even the ones that he had not been privy to yet, though they were sure to make an appearance over the years; hopefully numerous times.
to impede his growing erection. “Then, I suggest, Sherlock,” he whispered, as he began nibbling on Sherlock's bottom lip, “you be on your best behavior until we get back, or we’ll never leave.”
Sherlock shook his head, curls bouncing, eyes still downcast. “It’s not that I want you to per se, however I would feel guilty if I allowed you to get yourself into a situation without all the facts.”
“Mmm a bit.” John nodded but kept driving. “We’re almost back, and,” John brought a hand to touch the ride side of his cheek, “it’s just a scratch, really. Facial wounds bleed more, it looks worse than it is.” His fingers pulled away red and sticky, the amount of blood would have been concerning, but John probed the inside of the cut with his tongue through his cheek. “Don't worry, sweetheart, it's shallow.”
Movement was harder in this position, as Sherlock was much longer than John, but soon Sherlock discovered that if he arched his back such that his stomach was nearly touching the seat of the chair it caused his arse to stick up which in turn allowed John to hit his prostate with each and every delicious slide of his thick cock.
When he returned he crawled back into bed and curled himself up half on half next to John, who wrapped his arms tightly around his husband and sighed. Neither said anything for some time, both being happy to spend their last morning in bed simply wrapped in each other's arms, memorizing the feel and smell of the other.
Another chapter I am not completely happy with but it could be a lot worse so there is that. Sherlock is quite worried about our little soldier, as I am sure the rest of you are as well. Hopefully, he can get John to open up some...maybe. We all know how stubborn our John can be. Also, added some much needed humour at the end of this email. Is it just me or are things getting a tad bit gloomy?
November is passing so quickly, and I have little less than a month until I leave this place. I called Harry the other day, and let her know that I would be free for Christmas. You know what she said? No, perhaps even you can't guess this. She and Clara are going on a cruise for Christmas and that I shouldn't bother myself with a trip home. Who does that! Who spends Christmas on a cruise ship? Worst of all, is my selfishness. I wanted her to be home. I wanted to get out of this loveless country. If only for a few days. Now it looks like I'll spend my time in some shoddy hotel or hostel in Kabul.
“He’s right you know.” Mr. Holmes chimed in as he picked up both his and Mummy’s bags. “I was just as thin as Sherlock before I met her.”
have a future together, that something could happen during the war with no way for Sherlock to stop it.
So, if you can stomach writing to a lonely military doctor miles away from home (and a decent cuppa) I would very much like for you to knock off the bitchy attitude and leave that tone of voice to all the adolescent girls running about. If you were one of the men under my command I'd give you physical labor as a punishment for talking to me like that.
You didn't tell me off for a cheesy quote last letter, so have another. (However cheesey, know I mean every word of it.)
“You know we can’t do that,” John whispered, kissing down the length of Sherlock’s neck and shoulder. “So go on, shower while I pack, and we’ll go out today. We’ll walk around campus, get some lunch, then lounge around the flat naked the rest of the afternoon.”
“Arriving, yes. Staying. No. Holiday was nice, was rather eventful. Would you like to meet my new husband?” Sherlock swiveled in his chair and smirked as Captain John Watson-Holmes walked into the office with a lopsided grin plastered on his face.
“You know what else is mature? Spying on a married couple. Especially when they are about to christen their new flat by getting seminal fluids on most every surface they can reach.”
“Come on,” He held out a hand and tilted his head to the side and helped the poor man up, “have some tea, it’ll help.” John couldn’t help but let his eyes linger on Sherlock’s swollen lips. God, he was gorgeous.
John watched for nearly three minutes before Sherlock realized he was there. The music faltered for a split second as they made eye contact before springing into a happy tune that reminded John of summer days spent by the ocean, Harry trying to teach him how to skip rocks on the glassy sea.
Sherlock broke their kiss far before either of them wanted it to stop. However, Sherlock needed John to know the truth; to now before it was too late. Releasing a terse breath, Sherlock opened his eyes, making sure his entire attention was on John and nothing else.
“Never underestimate the power of insulation.” Sherlock flashed John a grin then handed him a fork. “Now eat up. Oh, I did promise Mummy I’d let her know how you liked it, everything here, minus the salad, is homemade. Father got Mummy a spaghetti press and she insisted on making this for us.”
” Sherlock took himself in hand and gave his prick a firm tug, relishing the way John’s eyes lit up at the sight.
“Walk with me?” Sherlock whispered, regretfully pulling away from John. His body screamed for more, and he could tell by the tent in John's trousers that John felt the same, but it didn't feel right. He couldn't have sex tainted by tears and sorrowful emotions, not when the memories of this weekend would be all he would have to hold on to after John left.
“Shut up,” John let go of Sherlock’s cock and grabbed his wrists, pinning them to the bed by Sherlock’s head.
“Sherlock, sweetheart?” John kissed Sherlock awake, he was already dressed, had probably been awake for quite some time but had crawled back on the bed to be with his husband. “It’s half past four. You’ve gotta leave in a half hour. Should probably get dressed, yeah?”  he pushed a stray curl away from Sherlock’s eyes and kissed his cheek again.
you are referring to. If you mean my services as a military doctor, then you are mistaken. They are very much needed for at least another 4 years. (Or until I get shot and sent home.) However, if you mean services as a
“Thanks to you.” Sherlock grumbled out and rolled over onto his other side, facing John. “You’re like a bloody furnace, but an adorable one.”
“Oh… remember that day on the beach.” Mrs. Holmes cooed as she sat down beside her husband, bringing the last of the breakfast food with her. Her husband reached over and squeezed her shoulder with a small smile. “Right… dig in, boys, I wasn’t sure what everyone would want, so I made a little of everything. There’s tea, and coffee,” she pointed to two crafts then motioned to the rest of the table, “and you can see the rest.”
Jesus… you're going to uni! I know you don't think it’ll be entirely worth your time, but Sherlock I can't tell you how sexy it is that you're looking after yourself. Christ, that even looks lame typed out, but it's the truth. I knew you could do it, really did, and seeing you begin to thrive out of that rehab…. sweet Mary and Joseph it's a turn on. I can't wait to hear the details, but I understand you wish to keep them to yourself for now. But I'm here if you need to have a chat, yeah?
Also, dear readers, you have blown us away. Over 100 new kudos in a week. We're now over 600 kudos, and so many more comments. Your comments give us motivation, and help brighten our days. Somehow they come when we need them the most, and we cannot thank you enough.
"Yeah, I do." John kissed Sherlock's damp chest and looked up at his husband. "Because you don't have to give it to me. But you did... and it was great. I'd never force it out of you..."
“Hmmmmm…” Sherlock  pretended to think over John’s proposition as he continued to run his lips and occasionally teeth over John’s ear, “I suppose such a compromise is acceptable.”
A community of honey bees has also often been employed throughout history by political theorists as a model of human society. They also signify immortality and resurrection for some societies. When I get old and tired of interaction with the modern world, I want to retire somewhere secluded and raise bees. I want to have rows of hives for me to tend to. I'll provide them with a safe and nurturing place to exists and thrive, and in return they will produce the most delicious honey imaginable.
Sherlock lead the way through the facility, ignoring greetings from patients and nurses alike as he moved through the building. After the third flight of stairs John groaned and put a hand on Sherlock’s arm.
Let us know what you thought of this, and if we should do it again!!! If so, we have quite a few different ideas to go with!
“You two lovebirds are going to freeze to death out here! Come inside where it’s warm.” Mr. Holmes stood at the door with two blankets draped over his arm.
“Sherlock, sweetheart?” Concern etched over his face as he turned his whole body towards Sherlock. “What’s wrong?”
“Should we tour campus today or tomorrow?” John asked, looking up from his half-filled suitcase to where Sherlock was watching him from the bed, still naked, and still mad that John had gotten up.
“Boring.” Sherlock waved a hand in the air as he swayed, he actually swayed into the bathroom, still holding the jumper.
That all said, I honestly think we could very happily use a beta. So, if our typos bother you enough, shoot me an e-mail. (lmleclair1988@gmail.com)
“Probably… ILoveCake2, or something like that.” John panted out as he snuck up behind Sherlock until he was so close he could reach out and grab Sherlock’s arse. Which is exactly what he was about to do when Sherlock suddenly stood up, and backed up three steps, causing their bodies to collide.
at Sherlock Holmes. And the bloody bastard was smirking at him. He did his best to seem unaffected, and spun around once again, a whirlwind of tan camo, moving about an unfamiliar kitchen. He threw open drawers and cabinets, in search for tea, only pausing when a small movement to his left caught his attention.
Expecting John to let go shortly he stood still. After a moment John peered around Sherlock’s shoulder and looked at the, now hot, empty pan on the stovetop.
“Not going to happen, luv. Did it once. Windy day… Let’s just say the secret was out.” John shook his head and subconsciously closed his legs.
Sherlock could feel his own body responding to the unexpected yet welcomed stimulation. He ran his hands up along John’s clothed arms and under the pillows before securing his own hands within John’s. Coordination was completely forgotten as Sherlock’s lips stopped their exploration and merely hovered inches away from John’s face. No longer was there concern with anything else except the familiar sensations that were exploding along his spine and deep within his gut. With a more intentional pressure, Sherlock began almost wildly rutting against John.
After what seemed like an age Sherlock gave a half nod and let out a sigh. “Alright, but I want lasagna for dinner.”
At that, John and Mike began to chat, catching up on old times. Swapping stories of Sherlock in rehab for stories of Afghanistan. They were too busy chatting that neither of them noticed when Sherlock slipped conspicuously from the room. That is, until Sherlock plopped himself back down in the chair, tossing a duffel bag onto the floor with a sigh.
asleep, John was graced with a face full of sticky warmth as Sherlock went completely rigid beneath him. Knowing Sherlock would be incredibly sensitive after such a powerful orgasm, John withdrew his fingers and emerged from the blankets grinning.
“Clearly that means that someone retraced their footsteps, almost perfectly, probably to hide how many times he walked to the fence.” Excitedly he picked up the stack of reports and began to read. Sherlock read faster than John, despite pausing often to compare the written word to a photograph, and soon was taking reports from John the moment he was done reading them. Once done with both stacks John sat back and ran both hands through his hair, massaging his scalp as he thought.
A smirk graced Sherlock’s features at John’s words. “Is this the part where I’m allowed to say I’m sorry for sneaking around behind your back?”
“Mm no.  Rehab would be better than Mycroft’s” John laughed and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s nose. “Perhaps with your parents? For a bit. I can send money, help get a flat somewhere for us.”
PLEASE NOTE! I did a quick google search for rehab places in London (I'm an American) so please don't judge me if the facility listed in the fics doesn't really do rehab! I just needed something to sound official!
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/c2/e4/0c/c2e40caef98f843a63b660ddfdce7518--sparkle-mason-jars-glitter-mason-jars.jpg
“Go on, I’ll cover for you until dinner.” He smiled kindly, and in that moment John saw Sherlock in those kind eyes. Sherlock might have his mother’s sharp wit, her lack of filter or understanding of personal boundaries, but he had his father’s kindness. He was pulled from his revelations by Sherlock tugging on his arm, pulling him towards the stairs. He was pulled through a series of rooms they had left unexplored for more
“Sorry, if that was… a bit much. I can tone it down, if you need me too.” John blushed then nervously flicked his eyes over the room. He didn't know how much was too much for Sherlock, and with his lips otherwise busy, he wouldn’t have had a chance to tell him to stop. It made John even more nervous when Sherlock said nothing, simply sat blinking rapidly, his entire focus seemingly on the contents of the mug pressed between his hands.
“Behind you, under the table.” John said, and put on a smug look as Sherlock retrieved his partially soiled clothing.
“Now my dear Husband,” Sherlock pulled John to his feet and handed him his discarded clothing, “get dressed then I have a few orders for my Captain.”
John woke with a start, patting the bed beside him to find Sherlock’s spot empty. Balling his hands into fists he rubbed at his eyes and let out a groan. He’d slept like the dead after Rhodes’ phone call, couldn’t even remember dreaming. Forcing himself to get up, out of bed and not lounge all day, he stuffed his feet into slippers and grabbed one of Sherlock’s dressing gowns. (He had his own, a fuzzy blue one Sherlock had bought for him, but John loved the feeling of Sherlock’s silk gowns against his body and loved the smell of them even more.)
“Tell me,” Mycroft sighed dramatically as John and Sherlock sat down at the table, “that I don't have to have the hot tub drained.”
“And you need to chop that blasted hair off.” John sighed and leaned in close to get a good look. “Surprised Moran hasn’t skinned your hide for that yet.”
PS. She never read the chapters I wrote when she stopped helping for a while, so I'm trying to catch her up. YES Sherlock has met Lestrade before, but we're gonna go with the "Boring PC in my flat, delete" option as to why he didn't remember recently seeing him.
“Fuck!!” John, despite wanting to watch his husband achieve orgasm, squeezed his eyes shut as his insides tightened and the pressure built. He uttered a long pent up moan, only then realizing he'd been holding his breath. As he exhaled he let go, and gave in to his need, flicking his wrist one last time and shuddering from head to toe as his orgasm plowed over him like a tidal wave. Come shot from his cock painting his stomach and chest in white streaks, and when he opened his eyes and looked at his computer he saw that Sherlock was very much in the same state.
“Come on, let’s help with the bags and say goodbye.” John tugged on Sherlock’s arm and grabbed his bag before heading outside.
“So…” Mr. Holmes said, then paused, clearly still working out how to say whatever it is he was trying to say.
“Right…” John sighed, not so much annoyed as confused, and rolled over so his back was facing Sherlock. After a few moments of nothing but the sound of their combined breathing to fill the room, Sherlock shifted beside John’s head and placed one of his hands on John’s head, letting his fingers sink into his husband’s sandy hair. John let out a soft hum of approval as Sherlock’s fingers gently began to massage his scalp. He wanted to stay awake, to enjoy the sensation, but soon John found himself drifting off.
four days isn’t enough…” Sherlock lamented, then stretched his neck up so their lips met, “But we’ll make it work.”
Thirdly, I started a new job. I LOVE this job, but it leaves me exhausted. I'm a before and after school director now, I have Kindergarten - 3rd grade (Ages 5-8) and I have 20 children in my after school programme. Which is a LOT for me to handled EVERY day. I don't have a helper yet, so it's just me, making sure 20 children don't run away, hurt themselves, or others. That on top of my depression, I've got nothing left to give by the time I get home from work.
Sherlock felt a small smile come to his lips after John spoke. Usually he, Sherlock, was the pragmatist; never letting emotions in the way of anything. Here however, John was taking the lead as the sensible one. Not only that, but John was still giving Sherlock the option for things to remain unanswered. He didn’t care if he knew the details, just as long as Sherlock remained with him, none of it mattered.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he brought his own biscuit to his mouth, “John, you kissed me like a starving animal in the kitchen only a few moment ago, and I practically saw you naked just now. I believe you and I are past such simple pleasantries.”
“Looks fantastic on you…” John ran his hands over the fabric, letting the pads of his finger slip between the scarf and Sherlock’s neck, eliciting a shiver from his husband that had nothing to do with the winter chill.
Swallowing around the sudden tightness in his throat, Sherlock moistened his lips as he continued to stare openly, “Perhaps it would be better if you continued.”
It might turn out that I'll be writing these chapters and that Blood will just step back in once we're back to letters. If that is the case, I apologize if Sherlock sounds different, but I can't capture him the way she does.
“Oh? Like what? Like standing there in that tight suit looking positively edible? I might have you for dessert.”
Please forgive any typos this chapter has. This chapter was written three days before Christmas, and myself (Tindo) blood and our Beta were all SUPER busy. I also have a guest visiting, so I haven't been able to look back and see if it needed anything fixed.
I… have some news. I don’t know whether or not I should be excited or scared shitless over this opportunity. I can’t say much, other than my presence has been requested on a rescue mission. We leave tomorrow.
“Yes well,” Mrs Holmes blushed, “I didn't have girls you see, so I’ll never get to plan my daughter’s wedding fit for a princess. But Sherlock has stated many times now how neither of you wanted a large wedding. And it's your day after all. Least I can do is respect your wishes.”
John woke to the feeling of Sherlock’s body weight shifting beside him. Gone was the comfortable weight of Sherlock's arm on his chest, making him feel cold and lonely, despite Sherlock still sitting on the bed beside him.
“No, it’s not stupid, it's to keep people safe.” John could clearly see that he was losing the battle, but refused to step down.
A low growl emitted from deep within Sherlock’s chest before the man was swiftly sitting up and practically tearing John’s jumper off.
Postscript. I much enjoyed our text conversation the other night. Please, whenever you feel inclined to give me an encore, I’ll shall be here.
Running his fingers through his newly disheveled hair in an attempt to bring it back to some semblance of order, Sherlock proceeded to make his way back out into the kitchen in order to see if they truly had close to anything for John to mix together and be able to make something at least halfway decent. Sherlock honestly wouldn't have minded them actually going out to eat, but Sherlock had the feeling John wanted to keep him all to himself for just a bit longer.
“You’re wasting precious time, Sherlock. Molly could be back early, and that won't stop me. Do you want to get caught? Finally have our relationship out in the open for everyone to see. Literally?”
“Thank you, Sir.” he managed to stammer out, then after agreeing to go to base up in Durham to fill out some paperwork in the next week, hung up.
“You read these,” John handed him the stack of reports from Rhodes,” and I’ll read Moran’s then we’ll switch off and see if there are any discrepancies.”
The big 'ol 50! Chapter 50 baby! We should throw a party....if anything, make this a valid excuse to give someone to eat cake or something lol
“Thank you, dear, there’s ham in the fridge.” Mrs. Holmes smiled as John busied himself with the task, then went over the list of names one more time. “John, are you sure there isn't anyone else we can invite for you?”
My back, while better - still SUCKS. Sitting at my computer is painful still. I have an old "Links together with other chairs" chair that I got from my   church. (yes, I went to church, lol) It's padded, but the seat is at an angle and really really hurts my back as its the disc at my tailbone that's damaged.  So, I can only sit here for a short while before I'm in pain... AND if I sit here, I hurt for a few days afterward. I have a tablet, but no place, other than my computer desk, to sit and type on it. So using that is mostly out of the question. However, with physical therapy, I do hope that I'll be back to normal in a few months.
“But…” Sherlock made a grab for it, but John swiveled out of the way and quickly stowed the shirt in his bag.
“Your husband has been officially declared dead.” The elder Holmes brother said with a touch of genuine kindness.
“Mm, that’s the alcohol, dear. It’s fine. Keep going.” John’s voice was soft, and he hardly winced despite the sting of the disinfectant. He picked up the closest reflective surface, which just so happened to be the picture of them on their wedding day, and inspected the graze. “Superficial at best. I do believe I’ll live.”
Blood and I had really rough weeks.  I managed to pound this out myself (she read over it and approved it). So please forgive us for my version  of Sherlock not sounding like hers.
With both hands now firmly holding Sherlock’s hips, John slammed inside. Holding himself still for much longer than he would have prefered, but enjoying the torment it was causing Sherlock. Only once Sherlock began to whimper did John pull out. He pulled out completely, lined himself up, and thrust in, knowing by the way Sherlock cried out that he’d managed to hit Sherlock’s prostate.
H stands for a lot of things, and I’m not exactly sure what you’re looking for, so here are a few “H” letter words and their meanings (Some of these words are used here on base rather frequently. Have fun guessing which ones we use.):
“You do have a way with words, Sherlock.” John fixed the jacket of his uniform and smirked as Sherlock shamelessly ogled him.
Without much conscious thought, Sherlock reached out in fascination. He managed to catch himself however before his fingers made full contact with John’s tanned skin. Glancing upwards, hand still hovering inches from John’s hip, he silently asked John if it would be okay for him to explore.
Sherlock’s head had hardly even moved, his nod apparent however, when John took half a step forward and closed the space between their bodies without letting go of Sherlock's face. John took a deep breath in, an oh god he could smell Sherlock. He smelled like rain, like the wind on a crisp autumn day, and like Christmas morning. He felt his knees go weak, and he knew if he didn’t make his move this very instant, he would regret it for the rest of his life. With one last “Ffuuuccckkk…” John leaned up, literally up - the bastard was
“Eleven more. Would you prefer them all at once, or spread out?” John leaned forward and placed a hand on Sherlock’s back and licked Sherlock’s ear, sucking in his earlobe and giving it a bite before pulling away.
Thanks for sticking with us this far. Things are gonna get intense soon. Once we have our plan in motion it might take us a bit longer to post chapters. We have the majority of it written, but even the best laid plan needs tweaking.
“Five minutes,” John promised, slipping out of bed and making a mad dash to the kitchen. It was his last day in England, he’d be damned if he didn’t have at least
(The crossed out text is something John wrote, but decided he didn't want Sherlock to know. Tune in Friday to see if Sherlock has read through the scribbles!!!!)
“Of course.” he kissed her cheek and grinned over at Sherlock, “When we’re not too busy video chatting, or e-mailing. Not sure I’ll ever want to give up our letters.”
“So… er.. Hello, my name is John. And I’m starving.” John grinned like a five year old as he stuffed a biscuit in his mouth, mumbling around his mouthful. “Lovely to meet you.”
"Think you can take me? All of me? Or do you need my fingers first?" John slid the head of his cock down the crease of his arse, up and down, over his hole then down over his perineum, he would then thrust in between Sherlock's thighs and press his cock against the underside of Sherlock's balls before repeating the process.
Sherlock huffed in exaggerated annoyance, flopping himself onto his front, limbs spreading out over the expanse of their bed.
"Mm lovely that." Mrs. Holmes smiled, not missing a beat, "what time of year will you be discharged?"
As he turned to retrieve a second towel from the shelves, his focus was briefly brought to his reflection in the bathroom mirror. Even through the cloudy haze that had settled because of the powerful heat given off by earlier running shower, Sherlock could tell his appearance had somewhat changed. While he was still extremely skinny, even by societies standards, his face had filled out some since quitting his almost chronic cocaine use. Also, the track marks that decorated the inside of his left elbow had all but faded from view. There were still a few stragglers in the healing process, but they weren’t so obvious that someone who didn't know to look for them would actually see them.
It took Sherlock another five minutes to pull himself out of bed, he dressed quickly then he and John shared a hasty meal of what Sherlock assume was supposed to be waffles but tasted more of cardboard with butter spread over them. John then silently helped Sherlock pack his dirty clothing then they shared a small smile.
“Turns out, according to the children, Afifah and Najmah were sister wives, of a sort. They belonged to this man,” he said dryly as he tapped a finger to an image on the screen.
Later that afternoon, after putting up with mummy talking about their party, which now had a date of June 4th, father suggested she run to the shops before it got too late in the day. Sherlock mouthed “thank you” to his father, and was about to offer to help him with a word on his crossword puzzle, but he was shooed off with a laugh.
Three hours later, shortly after nine o’clock, John and Sherlock were signing in for their first appointment of the day. This was with Doctor Layton Thompson, John’s former professor. Before following up with a regular physician, John needed to know exactly how much damage had been done (or not done) to Sherlock’s head.
They walked on for a few minutes in silence, hand in hand, then John decided a lighter topic was needed.
Before I go, John, I want you to know that I have made my choice on University, however I will keep my decision to myself until everything has been accepted. I’m sure Mycroft is aware, but I’ve asked him to kindly keep his large schnozzle out of my business and let me do this on my own.
“Look, it’s fine. Doesn’t hurt, can even bend them.” John pulled his hand free and demonstrated how he could bend his fingers by flipping Sherlock the bird while trying to suppress a grin.
Also.. you were wrong on both guesses. Hanah? Really? I have a sister, whom I call Harry, and you guess Hanah? Clearly when your brother claimed you to be a genius he was over exaggerating. I’ll give you the two guesses. But from here on out, one guess a letter, mister.
“I have half a mind to marry you. Tomorrow…” John whispered as he placed more sleepy kisses to Sherlock’s neck and jaw.
“Me too, love. Me too love.” Sherlock placed another string of kisses, this time to John’s other leg. “Don’t hold back on me, I want to watch you come.”
Sherlock tried to control his breathing as he felt the first stirrings of arousal deep in his gut. Deep down, he knew that it was no surprise that John was as fit as he was, however to actually see such sculpted perfection and then to practically be invited close enough to caress such perfection...Sherlock wasn’t sure if he could trust himself with such an opportunity.
“Mycroft’s favourites. He always wanted to be a secret agent.” she smiled at the boys then clapped her hands together. “Now you boys make yourself comfortable and I’ll go make you both a cuppa.”
“You’re right, of course, you’re right.” He kissed Sherlock on the forehead, then the tip of his nose, then the lips. It was a soft brush of the lips at first, then Sherlock leant up, leaning into the kiss, silently asking for more. And more John happily gave. He sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip into his mouth and gently rolled it between his teeth. Sherlock let out a moan… just as his mother walked into the room carrying a tray laden with tea and biscuits.
Sherlock felt his eyes roll back into his head as John’s lips gently caressed his own, warm breath surrounding his senses and leaving him unable to recognise anything except the man hovering above him. He attempted to formulate a response, but whatever he was planning on saying seemed to have gotten jumbled on its way out, causing Sherlock to produce nothing more than a string of nonsense noises.
Everything was actually going fine until one of the drunken hooligans noticed my ring. I didn’t recognize him as one of the individuals who accompanied us on one of the few lunch dates so obviously not a close friend Wilkes. He made some comment to the effect of “what whore would want to marry a freak like me”. To which I kindly corrected him on the fact that I was married to a man. Apparently, that was the wrong thing to say.
Oh, one other thing. My ipad changes the word every to ever.. ALL THE FUCKING TIME.... so I'm sorry if I missed a few
You crossed something out in your last letter… I’m not ashamed to say I did my best to read it. Every single word of yours is precious to me. I even held the letter up to a strong light, hoping to get some clue as to what you decided not to tell me. The only word I could make out was ‘against’. Against what? Dating? Dating me? I’ll admit, I’m curious… Also, what if I wanted to meet your mother? Eh? What then, I mean, I could very well be a war hero when I return. Will you deny me my every whim then?
(I'm fine, by the way, just had a very very bad reaction to a simple over the counter head cold medicine, and I'm still paying the price of wanting to be able to breathe through my nose.)
John didn’t waste any more time on teasing, which Sherlock found himself thankful for. One moment John’s mouth was on his thigh, the next it had his full length in his mouth, engulfing it in warm wet heat. In that moment, Sherlock
“My brother isn't known to do anything half-way.” Sherlock shrugged then began weaving his way down the paths. Just as he was nearing one of the benches something cold and wet hit him square on the back of his head. His first initial reaction was to spin around and snarl, demanding to know what had just hit him, and why. But then a second one, a snowball he then realized, hit his right shoulder and John was laughing. It wasn’t the soft chuckling of the previous days. No, this was full on, crystal clear, echoing laughter, and it made Sherlock’s heart stop. Which in turn, meant two more snowballs were thrown at him, both hitting his arse as John’s laughter grew louder.
“Fine!” John growled, “then switch!” John grabbed the first set of toast out of the toaster and popped in two more pieces of bread, then ran back into the bedroom and hopped into the bed. Sherlock glared at him but John just shrugged. “Can’t make tea and two sets of toast in five minutes. I’d like butter and jam too, please, husband.”
He made it through the kitchen and down the short hall without further incident and was pleased to see that their bedroom door was open. As quietly as he could, he stepped inside and shut the door behind them, using his hip and partly his foot. Once inside the, now dark, room he stepped the few paces to their bed, stopping when memory said there was no floor left, and felt for the edge with his right leg.
“Mmm, a place to call home. I’ll help you get settled, we’ll pick out furniture, decorate it or something, we’ll fight over what colour bedsheets we get. But you’ll win because you’re so fucking adorable. You know, normal couple stuff.” John carefully stroked Sherlock’s hair and kissed the corner of his mouth.
The sun is just setting here which means it isn’t unbearably hot anymore and I have the next 72 hours free. That being said, I’m going to wrap this up before I get thoroughly pissed (if I’m not quite there already) and go play some rugby with a few mates before sleeping for most of my free time.
“It seems you've gotten quite successful at making me laugh, John. Not an easy feat. Yet," Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, bringing a hand up to absentmindedly stroke John's stomach, "you seem to be a natural at it."
Almost didn't get this up in time! Thankfully I was able to finish this late last night so you guys don't have to wait til tonight or even tomorrow. Also thank my better half for the quote and remembering where it came from           (ﾉ´ヮ´)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
“Oh, she'll understand.” Mr Holmes started the engine and caught Sherlock’s eye in the rear view mirror.
“Except it doesn’t rain there…” John muttered bitterly but quickly shook the feeling off and gave Mycroft a genuine smile. “Thanks, for everything.”
With one last look at Sherlock, unsure if the bugger was listening, or simply pretending to ignore him, John hurried into the adjoining bathroom, not bothering to shut the door. He started the water and jumped in before testing it and gasped when his skin made first contact with the water. It was hot, perhaps a bit too hot, but it helped calm his nerves. Also, he imagine the scalding water would help clean him thoroughly for whatever activities they’d find themselves engaging in later. He scrubbed himself clean with the same care and precision he’d use on his hands before surgery, nearly scrubbing his skin raw in certain areas. Once satisfied he turned the water off and stepped out of the shower, wrapping a towel around his hips as he called into the bedroom, “Sherlock, do you have a razor I can use, or do you care about day old stubble?”
The next chapter might not be until Monday or so, I want to write ahead a bit, get back to a normal schedule with you guys. However, you all waited long enough for me to come back, thought I'd give you what I had now!
Again, please forgive any typos. I ended up needing medical attention Friday, spent five hours being poked and prodded, hooked up to IV's, having blood drawn... That said, it left us with very little time to finish the chapter, edit it, and post it.
“Right, can we stop talking about my sex life over breakfast, with my new husband’s parents sitting either side of me? Ta.”  John ignored Mycroft’s outburst at the pet name and tucked in, giving mummy an approving hum when he bit into his pancake.
John followed as Sherlock lead the way out of the house to a snow covered garden. At first glance John could tell that the garden must be beautiful in the spring, perfectly landscaped. There were stone benches, a fountain (which was covered, protecting it from the elements), and pathways, all surrounded by a fence made entirely of shrubs.
“Two months love,” John whispered to the sky as he watched until the chopper was nothing more than a speck in the sky, then gathering himself he turned to start his day.
“Rhodes, you know the group... I want three sets of eyes on the children round the clock, and someone shadowing Mathiesen 24/7. Make sure it's not obvious.”
That was mostly a joke. Mrs. Hudson had only ever complained once and it wasn’t even for noise. Sherlock had mixed together with an awful concoction of chemicals that had caused them to leave the house running, noses blocked, due to the smell. It had taken nearly a week to get the smell out of the flat.
“It’s Christmas, and you need something to unwrap.” John’s eyes twinkled as Sherlock blushed and ducked back under the blankets. He felt, rather than saw, long fingers hook under the elastic band of his pants and lifted his hips obediently as Sherlock pulled them off. He surfaced again, holding John’s pants  in his hand with a triumphant look.
John’s knees hit the edge of the bed and with one last kiss at Sherlock’s shoulders he bent forward and let the younger man drop down on to the bed. John cleared his throat and looked down at the thoroughly debauched man below him.
I have to say your letter came as a shock to me. I've been stationed here in Kandahar for six months, and yours is the first piece of correspondence I've received. I know it sounds silly, you addressing the letter to "Soldier" made me laugh out loud. Things are pretty laid back here and the last time I was called that was my last day at boot camp.
They both stayed like that for a long minute. John opened eyes he didn’t realize had been closed and looked down at the pale body beneath him. Sherlock’s chest was heaving, and though he couldn’t see it he could imagine his dark nipples were slightly peaked, possibly even over sensitive. Sherlock’s back had a fine sheen of sweat over it, and his hair was positively stuck to his head, little beads of sweat dripping off of a curl here, and a curl there.
“Or…” John smiled softly and chased Sherlock’s slowly retreating form with kisses, “we can stay in. And I’ll cook.”
“Care for a trudge, darling?” Sherlock leaned over the center console and took John’s face in both his hands, but maintained at least two inches between their lips as he waited for John to answer. When John nodded and let out a breathy, “yes,” he surged forward and pressed their lips together in a brief kiss that left John wanting more. Their lips had only just brushed together when he pulled away and jumped out of the jeep with a devilish smirk.
Sherlock soon felt his fingers go slack, the tea canister falling unceremoniously to the floor. Neither seemed to notice however, or maybe they just didn't care. He soon found his hands grasping a much better object, namely John’s vigorous biceps. If Sherlock had been of sounder mind, he would have been appalled at the moan that tore through him at the thought of the strength his Captain held within him.
I am hoping that this letter not only makes it to you, but comes at a time that is not too late, your interest having wandered somewhere else, to someone else. Not that I would completely blame you if it had. I have been told on numerous occasions I can be quite deplorable and exhibit sociopathic behaviour.
A slight smirk tugged at Sherlock’s lips as he proceeded to point directly in the direction of the bottommost drawer on Mike’s office desk. “If I were you I’d not eat that slice of cake you have hidden in your desk unless you want to greaten the chance of having a heart attack.”
After his sudden proposal, John had thankfully managed to calm Sherlock down with kisses and soft promises that he was serious. Despite such reassurances neither man slept much that night. However, it was hard to tell what their insomnia was caused by. Neither man was accustomed to sleeping with another body, which made for a few comical moments. One where Sherlock rolled over onto his stomach only to find that he'd practically squashed John and his knee had come uncomfortably close to John's balls. Another was when John, who was dreaming of Afghanistan, woke up with a start and nearly choked Sherlock, who was thankfully dead asleep and missed the whole ordeal. Another reason could have been that neither man wanted to miss a single moment of being together. Unfortunately, the pull of exhaustion could not be avoided for long as John finally fell asleep around 3am and slept for a solid 5 hours before a strange clacking woke him up.
“Fine, don’t join me then.” John chuckled as he pried himself out from under Sherlock’s limp body, Sherlock doing absolutely nothing to help. “I was going to see if I could coax number four out of you… but, I guess I’ll just be using this on myself.” John leaned down and reached over Sherlock’s body and reached for the lube bottle which was just by Sherlock’s left hand. At the last second, however, Sherlock’s hand covered the bottle and his voice rumbled up from somewhere under the pillows.
The person looking back at him looked like he was radiating confidence, something all his fellow soldiers felt when they stepped into their Blues. However, inside John was full of butterflies and for a moment felt like he was about to sick up his breakfast. He placed both hands on the counter in front of him and leaned forward, letting out a long breath.
“Because I gave birth to you, that’s why. And it’s Christmas!” Mrs. Holmes took her apron off and began carrying plates to the table. “John dear, could you get the orange juice out of the fridge?”
“You, you went from the big bad Captain to this cute Englishman who likes jam and jumpers. But… you’re still. You?” Sherlock scrunched up his face, trying to put to words exactly what he was trying to say. “The other day, you, well, you yelled, but you let me lift you in a shop. Now you’re back to… being Captain Watson-Holmes. But you’re not overbearing. You’re just… there, if I need you. Like you’re quietly standing at the sidelines, arms folded behind your back at parade rest ready for the moment you have to jump in and save me.”
“Oh, sweetheart.” John took three long steps back into the bathroom and took the toothbrush, that was dripping onto the floor, from Sherlock’s hand and tossed it into the sink. “Don’t worry, love. Okay? I’ve got this. I want to get this.
They had been driving in relative silence for the past fifteen minutes. Only the sound of the rain hitting the car and the wipers on high kept them company. John sat, arms crossed over his chest, staring out the window at the wet, dreary scenery; purposely not looking at Sherlock.  As if being asked a million times by nearly every one of his husband's family members, and his husband, wasn't bad enough - the moment they were locked together in a moving car Sherlock had again asked if John were absolutely certain he didn't want to wear a kilt instead of a suit.
Still partially hidden by the door, Sherlock glanced down at John’s outstretched hand. He then raised an eyebrow before cautiously allowing the corner of his mouth to turn up.
“Good. Oh god… that’s good.” a grin the size of England made it’s home on John’s face. With Sherlock already very nearly sitting on his lap, it wasn’t a far stretch for him to wrap Sherlock’s legs around his own waist. Once he had Sherlock how he wanted him, John stood, taking Sherlock with him. The sofa was small, much to small for two grown men, but John didn’t care. He lowered Sherlock down on his back, barely containing a giggle at the man's surprised squeak, before straddling Sherlock's hips and grinning down at his prize.
We don’t want to lose any readers, so don’t force yourself to read something that may or may not trigger you. We love you all and don’t wish to upset you.
“We’ll see.” Sherlock sighed, rather dramatically, and flicked his hand, “physical closeness is just as important as emotional closeness, after all. And it will be our wedding night… eve. If there is such a thing.”
“John, while I may not be ready for everything that we’ve...talk about, I can say that if you do not get over here and kiss me like you desire I may completely lose my mind.”
While your distress both surprises me and makes me feel slightly satisfied, things on my end are quite safe. The worse that an air strike brings us is wounded. (And lack of sleep.) I'm quite safe for as long as I remain on base. Which is more than I can say about the poor chaps just east of here.
“Actually, I just thought it would be nice to walk, and chat a little. But sure, good digestion is certainly something to aim for.” John shook his head and chuckled as he dug around in his bag for a jacket.
When the song ended John found himself sitting on the sofa with no recollection of moving himself there. He thought about clapping but felt a bit foolish, instead he closed his eyes and sighed.
“Victor left university after that. The reasoning that was circulating was he went back home because a family member was ill. I never had any proof, but I’m sure Mycroft had something to do with Victor’s departure. It was shortly after our unceremonious break-up that I discovered cocaine. One of the men Victor used to hang out with was known for his vast quantity of an assortment of extracurricular substances. I became a sort of regular for him, and I would have continued on as such if I had not miscalculated a dosage. I’m not sure who found me, but I awoke a few hours later in hospital with Mycroft nearby. That was when I was first admitted into rehab.”
“Sherlock, hand me that. Please.” John sighed and scrubbed a hand over his face. “It's not like I want to leave. But I need my pants, it's kind of a rule actually.” He tore a pair of pants from Sherlock's grip and placed it back in his bag.
With nothing left to say John straightened his back, squared his shoulders and took in a deep breath. Sherlock nodded and John closed his eyes, tightened his grip on his case and turned his back to his husband, slowly following the early morning bustle into the airport.
Sherlock had quickly donned one of his old suits, one he frequently wore before using his drug of choice and being admitted. Personally he didn’t find it to be anything special, just a dark suit and trousers with a purple, button down dress shirt. The clothing was a bit more loose now, but not enough to warrant alterations. He knew he’d fill back out once his rehabilitation was complete. Regardless, he found himself much more comfortable wearing such garments in comparison to what he usually wore to relax in. His hair was still somewhat wet, but Sherlock found he didn’t have the usual patience to dry and style it as he usually would.
“Push, so I wouldn’t get scraped or hit in the face.” John said after a moment's thought, then added “Brilliant!” before kissing his husband on the cheek.
“You're not afraid I'll use?” Panic flared up in Sherlock. For the first time in his life he found himself afraid of the possibility that he would fall back into old habits. It wasn't just himself he was disappointing anymore, there was John now.
“Yeah. We most certainly can.” John inclined his head towards the shower and gave his husband a genuine smile and a pat on the bum, “Come on.”
He didn’t even wait for Sherlock to finish before he was running back down the hall and stuffing toast into the toaster. “Butter??? Jam???” he shouted and rolled his eyes when Sherlock shouted back yes. “That’ll take extra time!”
Sherlock, I’m sorry, so sorry. I should have told you how bad it was from the start. I shouldn’t have sugar coated it. I just figured… by the time I got around to writing you, the worst was over. I was on the mend, if not a bit weak. I didn't expect you to react quite the way you did… but such a reaction, well it gives me hope. Hope that perhaps my feelings aren't the only ones that are strong.
*shuffle of movement, door opening and then closing before more movement scratches through the air. Another door then opens before closing almost in a finite way*
“I’ll be sure to let Mike know.” Sherlock’s eyes softened some as he continued to process John  and the entire situation they were currently in. He looked down towards his cuffs, tugging on one unnecessarily as he felt nerves slowly overtake his senses again. Eyebrows knitted together as Sherlock thought about how different he was when it came to John. It was almost as if his entire personality of an aloof, uncaring sociopath had been replaced by this timid, uncertain individual. He could hear a voice put forth the idea that John hadn’t replaced anything, merely drawn another aspect of Sherlock’s personality out. Sherlock scrunched his nose in distaste and mentally told said voice to kindly bugger off.
“I was rather young when I entered university. Not terribly, but enough that it was noticeable. It's usually difficult to approve for a child to skip a grade, much less more than one. However, I believe my mum's standing in the education community, as well as teachers desires to rid their classrooms of me, helped greatly.”
“Please use me like the cock slut I am? Is that what you’re trying to say?” John let go of his grip on Sherlock’s hair and watched with satisfaction as his lover went boneless and slumped against the cold metal table. John loved moments like this. Moments where Sherlock submitted so easily; fully trusting John to take care of him, and his desires. They were rare and far between, but that just made John cherish them even more.
*john discuss a bit of what happened to him. If you wish to skip over this chapter you may. It’s a letter from John to Sherlock, trying to put to words the “elephant in the room”
he’d said that. Apparently in the last week, god it’s only been a week, since I’ve been here I’ve been, and I quote, “walking around like a butt-hurt puppy yipping at everyone I see”.
Sherlock whined, a proper guttural sob came from his throat and John grinned darkly. He removed his hand from Sherlock’s mouth but quickly replaced it, moving it to grip at Sherlock’s throat. His right hand left Sherlock’s stomach and his index finger very quickly found its mark. One circle around the knot of muscle was all he did before spitting on his hand and working the moisture into the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, then his index finger was probing and pushing its way inside Sherlock. Sherlock swallowed hard, John could feel his Adam's apple move against his hand, then he began to fuck himself against John’s finger.
“Well.” John thought for a moment before folding both hands over the envelope and sitting back, “Why don't you tell me what you
“There, helping the elderly. Surely that’s an item on that wellness list of yours.” While his voice was light, his eyes were anything but. He drank Sherlock in, from the way his damp curls hung low, brushing against his eyebrows to just how very narrow his waist was. John was fairly certain that if he had a mind too,
Sherlock rolled his eyes before crawling into John’s embrace. “You make it sound like I’m about to recite to you a bedtime story.”
"Look. Aside from my suit catching on fire, which is bloody unlikely, I'll not be seen in a kilt tomorrow. So you might as well stop asking, yeah?"
My second letter, hmm? So, was it me you fell for, or my vast knowledge of H letter words? If the latter, I will be more than happy to provide you with more:
“Don’t you dare swallow, or I’ll cum. Then this will all take a lot longer than an hour and Molly will probably walk in on us as I’m fucking you senseless.” Sherlock whimpered at the thought, but held still and started counting. Sherlock could hold his breath, on average, for 45 seconds. He’d been meaning to push him, to see if he could go to 50, but until now the occasion hadn’t presented himself.
“I’ll thank you to not spy on us again. Don’t worry, brother mine, I won't relapse to drugs the moment John goes back to fight your war.”
It wasn't until the tv was turned off and the lights were flicked back on that Sherlock began to wake up. He yawned himself awake and opened his eyes, immediately searching for John. When their eyes locked he smiled and actually blushed.
Neither of them said much, from then on out. Sherlock kicked off his pants, and while looking directly at the camera, licked his palm then slid his, now slick, hand down the length of his cock.
"That's right..." John undid his zip and reached into Sherlock's left trouser pocket for the lube then with a broad hand on Sherlock's back pushed him so he was bent over the desk. "Spread those cheeks for me. Let me see your hole."
“Well, my dear, here I am. Snapped, lost control, worked up; and until I leave you’ll do anything and everything I say.” John pulled at the hand against Sherlock’s mouth, making Sherlock bend backward while his other hand splayed flat against his belly, leaving Sherlock standing with his back arched as his head rested on John’s left shoulder.
You said how you felt that a celebrity has responded to you when an author messages you back? Such feeling goes both ways in this regard I assure you! (: YOU ARE AWESOME
Sherlock teasingly rolled his eyes and did his best to pretended to be quite put off. “You make it sound like a business transaction. Wonderful, just what every man wants to hear on his wedding day.”
“Where did the lube come from?” John asked, craning his neck around to glance at Sherlock as his husband pressed a slick finger to John’s entrance.
“As for Sherlock…” Thomson turned his computer around to reveal an image of Sherlock’s brain. He pointed to a cloudy patch on Sherlock’s frontal area. “Good news is, the swelling has gone down. Bad news, not by much, which is to be expected in such a short notice. Have you been experiencing issues with short or long term memory, learning? Even something as benign as mood swings, it's important to mention with this sort of injury.”
- `Dearest if you are as fond of me as I am of you...nothing human could keep us long apart.’ -Lord Randolph Churchill
“Shut up, it's rugged!” John ran a hand over his chin and grinned. “Can’t have this back on base, might as well give it a try now!
I did my best to kindly express that it had simply been a misunderstanding, that I was exhausted, and would like to be left alone to sleep. He then told me that he could “help me fall asleep.” And wasn't all that thrilled when I respectfully asked him to leave my tent.
“Hmmm, favourite colour?” John asked, playfully bumping his hip against Sherlock’s. (Though, thanks to the height difference it was more like he bumped into Sherlock’s thigh)
“We should…” continuing to nibble on Sherlock's ear John began to slowly shift his body away from Sherlock’s, “get up… if we plan on completing that list before breakfast. What time is it, anyway?”
-'My adorable and adored, I have been asking myself every moment if such happiness is not a dream. It seems to me that what I feel is not of earth. I cannot yet comprehend this cloudless heaven. My whole soul is yours.' -Victor Hugo
“Come here, Sherlock!” he barked and snapped his fingers, his wordless command to kneel, and pointed to a spot on the floor just by his feet.
"We are. We can be tender and shag at the same time." John smiled down, then continued kissing Sherlock's collarbone. They were light, barely there kisses that made Sherlock gasp upon each contact of lips to skin. "Much like our first time, okay so that was all passion. But... just," John kisses Sherlock's chin and winked, "trust me."
“Merry Christmas, Mummy.” he mumbled around his mouthful and ducked when Mrs. Holmes swung the spatula at him.
Very gently he set John down on the bed, cradling his neck and arranging his feet. He tried to step away, to undress both himself and John, but John held tight and murmured, “C’mere”, cupping his hands around Sherlock’s neck. With a sort of whine of regret, Sherlock pulled away, placing a comforting hand on John’s cheek when John opened a sleepy eye.
“I don’t remember saying you could get up yet. Did I?” John shook his head against Sherlock’s chest and his husband responded with a sort of hum of agreement. “No, in fact, I did not. I have, regrettably, not given this scruff of yours enough attention.” The fingernails belonging to the index and middle fingers of Sherlock’s left hand scraped across the respectable amount of stubble that decorated John’s chin and let out a breathy growl.
Also apologies for any misspellings and crazy spaces. Sometimes no matter what i do, A03 just likes to do what it wants.
The e-mail was short. Rhodes was straight to the point with his answers. The children were Afifah’s true blood children and they called Najmah their aunt. Other than a handful of men on base, they spoke to no one other than their mother and aunt. Mostly keeping to themselves, or busying themselves with their studies which their mother would set up for them each day on a computer given to them by one of the men on base.
, hot.” John bent down to try and steal a kiss but Sherlock raised a shaky hand and pressed it against John’s chest, gently pushing at him.
It's short, and I feel a bit dirty for that. But their e-mails have never really been long, just feels weird after them having so much time together. Poor boys.
If you have any questions, or feel that I'm too slow and just want to poke me, find me on tumblr (Please do, because I've recently picked up Borderlands 2 and the Pre Sequel again, and that's been sucking up some of my time when my head allows.)
Sherlock just nodded, eyes closed with his fingers steepled under his chin. “The children…. Did they mention who gave them the computer?”
“That’s… that’s the scarf.” He watched as Sherlock looped the bright blue scarf around his neck and smiled back fondly.
“Are you going to tell me? If not leave me to grieve.” Sherlock started at the package resting on the table beside what had been John's chair.
“Your stamina is ridiculous,” laughing John grabbed hold of Sherlock’s curls and pulled him in for a crushing kiss, whispering, “Come here.” Sherlock needed no encouragement, lanky limbs and long arms snaked their way over John’s sweaty body and they lay there in post-coital bliss.
I hope you were able to have that Halloween party for your men. Not that I’m highly interested in the holiday, cheap plastic decorations that are supposed to be scary, screaming children demanding candy, but I know that you and everyone involved deserves a break. I am slightly curious as to what you dressed up as however. Anything involving you I am highly curious about.
“Mm no. I trust you.” John replied after only a moment's hesitation and Sherlock found he believed John. He smiled, having someone believe in him, even when he didn't quite believe in himself, suddenly made it all okay.
Before we get to the good stuff, I feel the need to apologize for not being as responsive as I usually am when it comes to getting back to your comments. Life has been absolutely crazy with debilitating financial issues and helping my sister in law pack up her house and move. However, nothing shall keep me from giving you the best chapter you collectively deserve!
“Hmm how about… this..” Sherlock sat down and pulled off his right sock and tossed it at John who caught it with a grimace.
“Yeah,” John called over his shoulder, “most of the people I'd want to invite are currently serving in various countries… I'm sure my men will throw me a party, another one when I get back. Any reason to celebrate, we’ll take it.”
My Mind Palace is much more difficult to explain. I suppose the easiest way to correctly describe such an advanced form of thinking, in a way you will understand, is that I am able to recall everything I have ever learned or experienced through mnemonic imaging. I only store important information however. Everything I deem unimportant, I delete immediately as my Mind Palace has precious but limited amount of space. Think of my mind as a hard drive if that helps.
going back there. Other to collect my things, that is. Your letters are all still there.”  Sherlock laid back down, resting his head once again on John’s chest and relaxed.
There was a soft thumping noise as Sherlock reached behind his back and fumbled for the door knob. The door swung open and John took his first step into the bedroom. Hundreds of thoughts filled his mind as he moved towards the bed, the first and foremost being,
Taking into account what John had said about him not eating since yesterday, Sherlock took down two packages of the chocolate biscuits his brother so graciously supplied them with. He also brought in two plates even though he wasn't planning on using one himself. He figured John would insist on using them, so he decided he should at least humor him.
Sherlock flicked his eyes up from the screen and focused on John for a brief moment, then glanced at the window, his lips curling up into a smile. After a week of lounging around the house in various places, a walk had never sounded so good. He gave his husband a fond smile and nodded.
“From what little I can gather. Bad. Mycroft had good intentions, of course. But none of his doctors knew how to handle him. It's how we met, actually. One doctor thought that sending a letter to a random stranger in the military would help cure him of his desires. Another thought that isolation was the cure.” John watched as Mummy’s eyes flashed with anger only to soften again when they met each other's gaze.
“Jesus, Sherlock. That was fantastic! You alright?” He tenderly cupped a hand over Sherlock’s face and inspected him for any signs of discomfort.
“Scoot over…” John nudged at Sherlock’s hip then took the spot Sherlock had just vacated, positioning himself on his back. “Right, now get over here. On top... “
John was up out of his chair in a flash, hand on Sherlock’s bum just in time to catch Sherlock teeter backward as the chair rocked on the slightly uneven floor. Sherlock kept at it though and reached up to pull a book up off the top shelf. It was a large book, grey-green binding titled “The White Rabbit” he pulled it out and held it straight in front of his face.
“Yes, those letters. And those are mine. Hands off.” John rolled his eyes and tried to grab the stack from Sherlock, who just raised them high above John’s head and rolled his eyes.
brother then proceeded to inform me that it was my fault. That I was the one who caused you to relapse. That you didn’t know how to handle your feelings for me so in turn you decided to go back to the one thing you knew well, cocaine.
“Sherlock.” John raised an eyebrow and dropped the tiniest hint of his Captain Watson voice into the mix.
“Oh… Just a certain someone. And, I think if I play my cards right, he’ll let me apologize and make up for my being mad at you earlier. Tomorrow, though, tomorrow we’ll be discussing the length of your stay.” John smiled a genuine smile for the first time that evening and rubbed his and Sherlock’s noses together in a gentle gesture of affection. “Right now, though, I just need to make these next 20 minutes unforgettable.”
“You don’t need saving.” John swallowed hard, it wasn’t often Sherlock was so open about his feelings.
I'd be interested to sit down and talk with this doctor of yours. (And I use that term loosely.) I would like to know why she is instant of 24/7 care, and exercises such as essays. While my specialty is not substance abuse, I hardly see how her approach is going to help. It's all about knowing your patient, really. While medically she cannot agree with a paper depicting the benefits of cocaine I don't see how that warranted a punishment. Perhaps, if you play her game, she'll remove you from the constant watch list? A bit of privacy goes a long way in healing.
“I’m going to come inside you… fill you up… Then I want you on all fours arse up in the air until I come back with that plug of yours. Going to plug you up and keep all it inside you. Maybe take you out to get ice cream like that. Would you like that? Going out in public with my come inside you?”
Sherlock nibbled on his own bottom lip as he swallows particularly loudly, at least to his own ears. “Yes, that's...quite alright, very much so in fact.”
Sherlock didn’t remember falling, he didn’t remember Mycroft attempting to catch him, and he certainly didn’t remember letting out the blood curdling “NO”. There was more to read, pages of Johns handwriting. But he couldn’t breathe, let alone read. His worst fear had come true. John had been alive, and he had listened to his brothers advice and stayed in England instead of searching for him himself.
Sweetheart, your brother and I agreed (which in itself is scary enough) that getting you out of the rehab center for a few days would be good for you. I personally hate that you’re still there. While he won't admit it, I believe your brother prefers you there, where he can keep an eye on you. Said you’re a bit of a flight risk… He also confided in me, and might kill me for telling you, that the reason he wanted you at your mother’s party… well, he hasn’t told her that you’re in rehab again. (Again?!) And that if she found out, it would break her heart. Jesus, Sherlock… again?
“Two months.. Give or take.” John nodded then took Sherlock’s bag and slung it over his shoulder, “Come on, I’ll walk you to the helicopter pad before I start my rounds.”
“Mycroft would stay up all night, watching spy movies, reading spy novels, or writing them. Once when I thought I heard an intruder, I walked into his room to find him dressed all in black with a black winter hat pulled down low over his face. He was trying to break out of the house, caught him with his arse up in the air, legs flailing. Poor boy was stuck.” Mrs Holmes chuckled fondly and placed the tea down on Sherlock’s desk, “As for Eu…” She stopped suddenly and John noticed that there was a sad look in her eyes that hadn’t been there moments ago. But before he got a chance to ask her about it the phone rang and in a blink, the look was gone.
“So…” Sherlock whispered as he wiggled again and John’s cock immediately reacted, “Bum wiggle causes accidental boner does it.” he hummed and smiled into the pillow and circled  his hips against his husband while playing over the events of the previous day. The highlight had obviously been when he and John had gotten married. However, spending the day in bed, and John allowing him to penetrate him nearly half a dozen times wasn’t that bad either. He only slightly regretted that they had not gotten around to Sherlock bottoming. However, spending the day beside and inside his husband had been wonderful. They’d only crawled out of bed once, and only then it was to shower and head into town for dinner, both of them having been far too tired to bother cooking.
Sorry lovelies. Here's a short bit I have for you. The next bit will be smutty, and hopefully (because it's not hugely plot driven) shouldn't take long. But I wanted to give you a little something to go on. When I've got the next chapter out, do you want me to delete my last one (the update from me) chapter?
“I stepped in, rather forcefully,” John continued, finding himself immensely grateful to get all of this off his chest. “Mycroft showed up on base, threatened me, told me it was
“O Holy night, the stars are brightly shining!” John gave the contents of the pan a stir, then continued to hum, aware of Sherlock’s presence in the room. He hummed the next line then continued singing with, “Long lay the world in sin and error pining,” as he began searching the kitchen for spices. John hummed a few more lines until he found what he was looking for and belt out with, “Fall on your knees, O hear the angel voices!” as he began smelling random spices before tossing them in the pan.
The two worked in tandem, Son-in-law setting to preheat the oven as Mother-in-law began peeling and chopping vegetables. John helped, grabbing a bag of potatoes and a peeler. He peeled, she chopped then tossed them into the roasting pan to await cooking. Once carrots and onions had been added to the mix Mummy put the whole pan in the oven.
Shedding his suit jacket in almost record time, Sherlock then immediately lept upon the smaller man. He eagerly maneuvered himself to where his lips could easily attack John’s, and his thigh was pressed quite snug against the older man’s more intimate bits. Said thigh then began a leisurely unconscious massage, while Sherlock’s lips began a more intentional catalog of tactical and taste.
The next three days passed by with very little excitement; and by the time Saturday came Sherlock was able to, word for word, quote every Monty Python movie in his parent’s collection. While he wouldn’t admit it, he actually enjoyed the one where they go off in search of the Holy Grail. He even chuckled at the “Witch” part. But now, Sunday morning after nearly a week of bedrest with the sun pouring through his bedroom window he was growing restless.
“Cameras? What the hell do you mean cameras?” John’s head spun to the side and it was he who stopped dead in his tracks this time.
“Well, how about we both show up in dresses ourselves.” John tried to keep a straight face, but that sent both of them into a fit of giggles.
“You too,” Sherlock sniffed and clutched the coat to his chest as he watched John pick up his case and take a step back.
“Like hell they are.” John grinned and pulled his jumper off in record time grinning as Sherlock leaned over the edge reaching out two pale arms, beckoning him to join.
“John, I think I’ll keep you around.” Mr. Holmes chuckled, “my boys haven’t gotten along this well since Mycroft was twelve.”
“And what have you two been doing?” Mycroft looked up from where he was seated in an armchair, fingers clicking away on his laptop.
In case we don't manage to get out another chapter before Thursday... We wish each and every one of you a happy Thanksgiving!
I've saved so many of your ideas!!!! Thank you sooooo much, and credit will be given in the notes section of the chapters when I use one of your ideas.
. He began licking in earnest, doing his best not to get carried away, when he let out another embarrassing moan and regretfully let go of Sherlock’s hand before he made a complete fool of himself.
“Mike’s office first. I owe him a bit of an apology for stealing you away, then we can stop by for your stuff.”
“Afifah wasn’t just any old civilian… you know how you said she’d sought out medical attention for abuse like injuries?” Sherlock twisted around in the chair to catch John’s gaze.
Five minutes later they entered a small Italian restaurant on Northumberland Street. The moment the door opened, a bell chimed and a man looked up. His eyes lit up in recognition and he dashed over, arms outstretched, “Sherlock! I hardly recognized you for a moment there.”
Riding crop still tucked safely under his arm, John reached out with both hands and grabbed Sherlock’s head. He waited until he caught the slight nod of consent from Sherlock then began roughly fucking Sherlock’s mouth without abandon.
“Me… too.” John grunted between kisses and with the help of the friction caused by their bodies moving together, rubbing across his cock, began to pant in earnest.
I've got a little bit of something planned, if I can find the time to sit down and type it up. After that, do you guys mind if we jump forward a few months? I don't know how you feel about skipping forward, but I feel like we could move on with the story if I jumped forward a bit.
“So needy, Sherlock. Look at you. Hard and wanting to the point I had to leave work early, go home and get your riding crop, just to come here and teach you a lesson.”
FC here! Thanks, guys, so very much for your support while we've been figuring out our crazy lives! We love you all and are happy to give you this tidbit for your patience and understanding! Please enjoy!
“Oh? No? Has Jesus come back? Have pigs learned to fly?” Mummy put a hand on her hip and glared at her youngest. Sherlock broke eye contact with his mother, looking thoroughly guilty.
“I am, obviously.” Sherlock opened his hand to reveal a set of car keys and snatched his hand away when John reached for the keys.
“We won't know until at least tomorrow. Shut up and let me enjoy this.” My brain was offline until you got it thinking again.”
Harry finally wrote to me. Sent me a care package. It had tea! Real English tea. You might have been able to hear my moans of pleasure from there. The shit they drink here can hardly be called coffee, it’s so thick and burnt. But I didn’t join the military for the food, so I guess I shouldn’t complain, and for now I have tea, and a few packets of jammie dodgers. She also sent me a few pairs of new socks. You would have laughed at my excitement when I saw them!
John’s grin quickly faded as Sherlock’s look of pleasure quickly turned into horrified embarrassment. Settling on his knees over Sherlock’s body John looked down and gently cupped Sherlock’s face in his clean hand, urging Sherlock to look up at him.
“Mrs. Hudson will bring it to us,” Sherlock sounded like that had been written in stone ages ago and John had to laugh, despite the soggy toast.
“Yes, the only one I believe.” Sherlock looked around the room once more and, satisfied that there were truly no more cameras, sat himself on the bed.
“I'm fine, Luv. Just a bit… sore.” John placed a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and gave it a gentle squeeze. “Going to go shower. Then I'll help you get cleaned up.”
“I miss you so much, more and more every single day. And even though we are one day closer to being together again, I still miss you all the same.” I do miss you John. I put on a brave face, I hide my emotions, and try to act like I’m bigger and better than “Human emotions”, but I’m not. I miss you so much my chest aches. Being apart from you has left me with a void in my chest that only you can fill. It’s worse than any withdrawal symptom I’ve ever felt.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow and grinned while looking John up and down as if saying, “Yeah, but what will you do about it.” and John took the bait.
“You’re quite certain you have everything?” Mummy dabbed her handkerchief delicately under her eye, careful not to smudge her makeup.
“Well, hello.” hummed John as Sherlock placed his hands on John’s arms from behind. It was a tentative touch, one that asked for permission before
“Its different, isn’t it? In person. So easy to say things on the phone, or on paper. But in person…” shrugging his shoulders he turned on the small sofa to face Sherlock better, “Not that I don’t want what we said. I do, god I do. But… I don’t want to rush things. Even if… well… it doesn’t all happen this visit. That’s fine. It's all fine. Really. The only thing I
Trying to go back to a normal Monday and Friday posing schedule! I'm posting this about 4 hours early *still Thursday for me* because I'm not sure if I'll be around a computer tomorrow!
These long, NON letter chapters are a LOT harder for us to write. because well, long chapter is LONG. This one is over 5k words, and we HAVE MORE coming. SO, we're going to have to slow down how often we post just for the sake of our own sanity. That said, we will post at LEAST once a week, no particular day, and perhaps if we all get lucky there will be two a week. This is ONLY until we go back to the letters, once they're writing again, it will go back to our Sunday night/Monday and Friday. (Might just make it Sunday night because I don't work Sunday Nights.)
“God, I’m probably going to be in so much trouble because of you, but yes, yes you are here.” Holding Sherlock’s head in his hands still, he rested his forehead on Sherlock’s bony collarbone and let out a slow breath, “It’s not that I’m not thankful, I’ll just… look at the seeds tomorrow, yeah? Something far more interesting has planted itself in my bed tonight.”
“Impossible? No, but I do strive to accomplish no fewer than 6 impossible things before breakfast.” Sherlock dropped a hand from the laptop and stroked his fingers through John’s unruly hair, instantly soothing the disgruntled soldier.
“Right, I can tell when I’m not wanted.” John winked as Sherlock looked up in shock and bent down to kiss his forehead. “Only joking. God, you stink. Shower and brush your teeth before I get back, yeah? Or else you’re not getting any kisses from me.”
Carefully placing one arm under John’s leg’s and cradling John’s torso with the other, Sherlock lifted him up, hoisting him up a little bit so he was holding John snug against his chest. John mumbled a little as he was lifted and snuggled deeper into Sherlock’s chest, making the lanky man smile as he began his labors walk to their bedroom. For a short man, he was heavy from all that muscle.
Sherlock hummed as John’s lips pressed against his neck, leaning his head back to allow John more access. “Just so you know, there is no scientific correlation between one's ability to remember song lyrics and seeing someone in tight fitting clothing.”
“Good. We’ll have a quiet goodbye.” John nodded as he placed the bag inside his case and zipped it up. He followed Sherlock’s eyes as they drifted from him to the chair tucked away in the corner of his room. His uniform was folded there, ready for him to leave. John gave him a smile that didn’t quite meet his eyes and bent over the bed to kiss him. “Two hours, best get ready. Can’t have you showing me off in nothing but your skin. People might talk.”
Also: We've gone back and changed the colour of Sherlock's dress Shirt from BLUE to red.  You'll see why.
“Get us dinner while you’re out. Shagging always make me hungry.” Sherlock stepped gingerly into his trousers and gave his shirt a look of pure contempt. “And a new shirt…
“Jesus… greedy whore. Came so quickly. God, I love it.” John grunted out then, with Sherlock still tensing and twitching around him, let out a cry as sparks erupted behind his eyelids. He bit down hard on the back of Sherlock’s neck and let out a cry as he began pulsing jets of hot cum deep inside the detective. They both stood there panting and quivering for what seemed ages before either of them had recovered enough to move.
“Let them shoot first. We don’t want to be the instigators.” The words were hardly out of John’s mouth before the was the sounds of a gun going off. Sherlock saw, just ahead of them, the bullet impact in the ground, sending sand spraying through the air. “Right, now we shoot.”
There was a soft rustle behind John and the Captain momentarily became aware of Mycroft Holmes’ presence. He spun on his heels, reached for the door and with a swift wink at the elder Holmes brother, shut the door in his face with a commanding, “That will be all, thank you.” However, instead of the satisfying sound of the door clicking shut, there was a dull thud and sigh as Mycroft stuck a foot out and held the door open.
John settled back down against the bed as Sherlock inserted a third finger and muttered, "inpatient git" with a sort of fondness to his voice that John wished he could bottle up for a bad day. As Sherlock worked him open he found himself thinking that it might not be a bad idea to ask Mycroft for a copy of whatever the cameras were recording. Might be fun to watch, or to save for when they were an old bickering married couple, memories of their first weekend together faded from their minds. John was pulled from his musings by a sudden empty feeling and Sherlock's weight shifting off of his legs. He looked back around to see Sherlock smiling down at him while he slowly applied lube to his cock.
“You’re just lucky I didn't tackle you for that.” John called after him, muttering under his breath, “I didn’t even try hard, you knob.” He had been only half-heartedly trying to get the jumper back.
“Nurse?” For the first time since the altercation in the desert Sherlock smiled and followed John through the hospital, up to the second floor where John’s office was. John fished his med-kit out of a drawer and sat on his desk. “Tell me, doc, will it scar?”
You git! No.. Idiot! My first reaction was a rather angry “go fuck yourself with that stick that's so clearly shoved up your arse.” but luckily for you I've had a bit of time to calm down… Used the gym, punching bag to be more specific, if you were curious. Oh wait, I forgot! My personal life is of no interest to you. To bad I’m writing this with a pen, can’t erase that bit of detail.
“Mm, like he said. He's a touch mental.” Mrs Holmes laughed and patted Sherlock’s hand. “I'll talk with him, but I can't make any promises.”
Sherlock nibbled on his bottom lip as the colour of his face became tinted with a red glow. He reached out with one of his fingers and gently caressed John’s freshly shaven face. “Is that a promise Captain?”
With his tongue pushed as deep inside Sherlock as he could physically muster, John decided it was time to up his game. He released Sherlock left cheek and used just his right hand to spread Sherlock open. John slipped his now free left hand between Sherlock legs and began teasing his bollocks with just the tips of his fingers, making Sherlock arch his back and cry out.
I'm having issues with spacing and transferring text from Google Doc to here. So if you see any weird spacing, just let me know.
“Clever man.” John said with a snide, circling his finger around Sherlock hole, “Certainly clever enough to evade your brother while blatantly disregarding my wishes.
A small laugh escaped Sherlock at John’s comment. John may have been unwilling to go about sans clothing, but Sherlock knew that such a thing could easily change. After all, he had been told on multiple occasions how convincing he could be, particularly by the man currently taking residence in both the bedroom and Sherlock’s heart.
Sherlock stood and stretched his stiff back then twisted his sore wrist a few times before putting the fountain pen down beside his notebook of names. As he passed through the room to find his father, he reached down just as he passed John and gave his husband’s arse a firm pinch. Chuckling, John put down the butter knife and reached out, grabbing Sherlock's elbow and swinging him around into a firm kiss.
The sounds of two computers turning on echoed over the line, then came the bubbly sounds of Skype booting up. Two minutes later John was looking at the flushed and smiling face of his husband.
“I have,” John half growled half whispered, “half a mind to snog you senseless, give you a bit of a stubble burn on that insanely posh face of yours.” John spent the next fifteen minutes doing just that. When he was done the skin around Sherlock’s mouth was red and tender. When he finally sat up and examined his handiwork, it was with a smile. Sherlock was the first to roll out of bed and, as they’d both grown warm in the desert heat and discarded their clothing, re-dress. When he’d finished putting on his loose fitting linen suit.
It was a short ride, and the men were soon standing in front of an array of new, modern buildings all made out of glass and steel mixed in with the old stone and brick buildings that had been the original part of the campus. As soon as they were out walking about, Sherlock was pulling John every which way, explaining which building was used for what, pointing out the library and the laboratory with such enthusiasm that John thought of a child in a candy store. They spent an hour wandering around the mostly closed campus, and when they left Sherlock gave John a shy smile.
Sherlock’s fingers dug into John’s thighs and he now had tears streaming down his face from the effort,
“Then we’ll order takeaway,” Sherlock whined dramatically as he slipped into bed and pressed his cold feet against John’s warm body. John yelped but Sherlock just gave a smug smile, then said haughtily, “wouldn’t have happened if I hadn’t had to get out of bed.”
He turned to leave and John cleared his throat, throwing a quick glare in Sherlock direction before calling out, “Thank you officer!”
“Ooooh….” The anger that had welled up in John’s chest during the last 2 minutes dissipated instantly upon seeing Sherlock. “Oh…” he repeated again, letting his eyes sweep over the very nearly naked Sherlock Holmes who stood staring at John like a rabbit in the headlights. John heard a noise behind him and was vaguely aware that Mycroft was standing there, waiting for him to move into the cottage, but he found that his feet were rooted to the threshold.  “Well, hello, Love,” a warm smile easily settled over John’s features as he took a few steps inside and dropped his bag on the floor. “You didn’t have to get so dressed up for me. Though, I must admit I approve.”
moment. No, this silence carried its own noise, it carried contentment, something Sherlock had not felt in a very long time.
“RIght then, read me a letter, Sherlock…” John stopped mid sentence then abruptly got up for the sofa. He hurried into the bedroom and searched for his camo jacket, which had been kicked under the bed, despite having tried so hard to take care of it over the past few days. He tossed it onto the bed and began feeling the pockets until he found the letter, then hurried back out into the sitting room and took up his spot between Sherlock’s legs.
John smiled to himself. He could only imagine what would have happened had he tackled Sherlock to the ground. He looked at his case, at the piles of clothing staked about their room. He really was almost completely packed. Most of what he needed was already on base; and most of what he was bringing were clean pants, socks and a few pairs of gym shorts along with tea and other snacks. As quietly as he could he stepped out of his pyjama bottoms and snuck into the bathroom. As luck would have it Sherlock had his back turned towards him and his head under the running water. Knowing that the shower curtain would make noise, John moved as quickly as the slippery shower floor would let him. (No good falling on your arse when you’re trying to take your husband by surprise.)
“Hey, Sherlock?” John’s hands gently took hold of Sherlock’s shoulders as he made the other man look at him, “I meant what I said. I know it seems a bit sudden, but if you think about it, it isn’t. Not at all. I mean, we’ve known each other since April… God, we’ve been dancing around this subject for weeks. And if I didn’t say it now, in person, who knows when I’ll be given another chance.” John leaned up and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek then stepped back.
“Well?” Mrs Holmes, who was now sat directly across from him with her elbows on the table, hands supporting her head, stared at him expectantly.
John learned in that moment that words of praise affected Sherlock more than the dirtiest of dirty talk. Because in that moment, Sherlock let out a gasp and his eyes blew open wide. His blue green eyes becoming grey, like a winter storm, and John felt a liquid warmth seep through his pants. Watching Sherlock climax was John’s undoing. As he drank in the sight of Sherlock, thoroughly debauched, John felt his balls tighten and his insides began to tingle. He managed one last feeble thrust before falling back against the bed, completely spent. After what could have been mere moments, or perhaps minutes, John began to chuckle through his heavy breathing, showering Sherlock with kisses as he spoke.
On their walk back, Sherlock took John’s hand and looped it through the crook of his elbow then took hold of his hand tightly.
“Come on, Sherlock.” John jumped out then looked up at his husband, noticing then just how pale and upset he looked. “Yeah, something tells me you’re less worked up over having nearly been killed and more… oh, blaming yourself. If you don’t knock that off right now, I’ll fuck that guilt out of you.” John walked around the jeep and opened Sherlock’s door open. “This was
“The fun is seeing if you can actually do it. We know you can do it.” John chuckled then looked out the window, the sun was high in the sky, about to start it’s decent for the night. If they were going to walk it was now or never. Sherlock caught John’s eye and nodded.
I made the mistake, while attempting to write this e-mail this morning for the third time, of doing an internet search for “Things to tell your boyfriend/husband in a letter.” Dear lord, I believe I was able to actually feel my IQ leaking out of my anus.
I am also quite sure your “ship” has most certainly not sailed. I have no doubt that you could keep someone overseas quite easily if you correspond even half they way you've communicated with myself. Your patience with a heavy drug addict, as well as an obvious loyalty and desire to heal, even if the people you're aiding are strangers, adds up to a very unique and astounding individual in my opinion and anyone who says otherwise is an idiot. Also the fact individuals are merely interested in giving you only “occasional hookups”, is a testament on how idiocy truly has managed to make its way into even the most remote of places. Such knowledge does not bode well for future generations.
Posting this now so you have a choice. Read the fluffy smutty goodness now before TLD, or save it for after the new episode rips our hearts out.
“Oh, that’ll be Nancy. She’s probably asking if Father and I will be at Bridge tonight. She always needs a ride, that woman.” Without another word she took off to answer the phone, leaving both men staring at each other in confusion.
“What for?” Sherlock sighed as he went limp in his chair, limbs and arms splayed on either side, head drooping over the back of the chair.
And we're back to regular updates!!! Thank you for not storming my house with torches and pitchforks!!!
John continued stroking his thumb over Sherlock's jaw, taking a moment to notice how neither of them had bothered shaving this morning. It made him realize,
“Come now, John,” Sherlock schooled his expression and put on a serious disposition. “I find it…” leaning down he smirked and gave the duvet a tug and added in a teasing tone, “cute.” And, much like an overbearing aunt might do, he pinched John's flushed cheek.
From the envelope Sherlock withdrew a small stack of papers and began inspecting them. As he read, a smile crept over his face until he was looking like he might get up and give Mycroft a hug. Instead he handed the papers to John.
Apparently he wanted to know what my intentions were with you, and why you seemed so keen on insisting you be able to write to me while your “privileges” were taken from you. (His words, not mine.) I calmly told him that it was none of his business whether we were friends or secret lovers, and that I wouldn’t tell him even if he had me dishonorably discharged from the military. (Does he always blink that much and look like he’s sucking on a lemon when he’s essentially just been told no? Or is that just how he normally looks.)
I would have written you as soon as your previous letter came into my possession, however my outside correspondence was completely removed for two weeks. Apparently certain infractions warrant such a punishment. It would have been much longer without a certain benefaction. I have not been told who, however I am certain my brother is involved. Whether he made a personal appearance or it was done through the payment of a third party I am not sure. I am sure however that he has a favour for me to perform as repayment once I get out of this deplorable place.
A few more moments went by with nothing but the sound of the fire to fill the empty space. It wasn't until Sherlock seemed to come back online, a rush of breath being inhaled before being gently let out, that the newfound tension seemed to dissipate as quickly as it had come.
The rare moment of silence John and Sherlock had been sharing, sitting across from each other, John with his legs stretched out propped on Sherlock’s chair was disturbed by the ring of the doorbell. John looked up from the cup of tea that was balancing on his chest and caught Sherlock’s eye.
“Well, come here then.” John held his arms open wide and bent down. It only took Sherlock a moment to catch John’s meaning and he leaned up into John’s arms, wrapping his own around John’s neck. It took John just a moment to shift their positions enough so he could lift Sherlock up off the sofa, with a grunt he straightened his back and grinned when Sherlock wrapped his legs around his waist. They made their way together through the sitting room, only pausing when they reached the bedroom door. John bent his neck down to kiss at Sherlock’s shoulder and asked, “Be a dear, Sherlock, open it for me?”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s equally naked body and pulled him close, burying his head in the crook of John’s neck.
With an almost devilish smirk, John then began the slow but delightful task of taking Sherlock Holmes apart. “Hmmm… this would be….” he placed an open mouth kiss just beside Sherlock’s left ear then gently whispered, “the Zygomatic bone. And this,” his lips traveled up a bit higher and he pressed no fewer than five kisses against Sherlock’s curls, “your Temporal bone.” Next he leaned in and scraped his teeth over Sherlock’s jaw, his voice low and gravely, “Mandible… Then the Hyoid… Trachea, which of course isn’t a bone… but…” John grinned down at the wrecked man beneath him, “you don’t seem to mind all that much.”
“Mycroft has seen me naked. Don’t know why I need to get dressed.” Sherlock grumbled and pulled a pillow over his head.
You’re lucky, Sherlock, that you managed to “talk” yourself out of a ticket, because if I recall, you don’t even have a license. I’d say you should think about getting one, but if you moved to London you really won't need one. What with public transit as good as it is.
“Perhaps…” John thought for a moment, choosing his next words carefully, “perhaps you should do something? Go to Uni? Surely some university
Back home, they found mummy puttering about in Sherlock (and John’s now) room. Before Sherlock had time to open his mouth and ask (if not demand) she leave his space, she held up her hands in surrender and gave her son a knowing look.
Also, typos are my own errors. A lot of it was written on my phone rofl and has not been put through Grammarly like the other chapters
Deciding that he had given John ample alone time to change, Sherlock sauntered over to the bedroom door and knocked. Finding no answer, Sherlock tried the handle to find it unlocked. Only after peeking inside did Sherlock find the bedroom quite empty, however the bathroom door was decidedly shut, light coming through the space at the bottom. Realizing John must be using the bathroom to change, Sherlock quickly entered and made his way over to where his clothes were situated.
“Soo…” John drawled as he licked his own fingers clean, his plate of biscuits finally empty. “Here we are… Together. Unprepared. Sherlock Holmes, I’m… nervous.” He flashed Sherlock an awkward grin then pursed his lips.
Also shout out to how awesome Tindo is. She really helped me get this chapter started and provided great inspiration.
There is one aspect of coming back here that I do enjoy, something I dare say I have missed. Out behind our house is one of mummy’s ongoing projects. She decided around eighteen years ago that she had grown bored with her regular routine, and decided to work “outside her comfort zone” is how I believe she described it. I wasn't quite sure what to make of her new project; I saw no benefit to creating and cultivating a flower garden at the time.
Apologies for this being a tad later than usual on such a lovely Friday. I was not required to attend my classes for today, so I had bit of a lie in...
“You’re hungry. There must be a village near here.. We can go get food, or perhaps I can convince someone to deliver.” He spoke quickly yet he slowly began detangling his body from John’s. Part of him, the part glad for a distraction, wanted to bolt out of the bed and put his clothes back on. The other part however, the part of him that
“What’s that look for?” John ignored Sherlock’s question with a question of his own, watching as Sherlock slowly dragged one of the wooden chairs over to the bookshelf just to the right of the fire place, then as he climbed up onto the chair exclaimed, “Oi! Sherlock! What are you doing? Don’t you dare hurt yourself.”
“Interesting.” Sherlock murmured, getting down on his knees in front of John and lifting up John’s jumper.
However, I know I can do better. I know this, because of you. John Hamish Watson-Holmes… you push me daily to be a better person. And you don’t do it in such a way that I feel like I’m not enough. Rather, you see my potential, and you push me while supporting me for what I’ve already accomplished. For that, I will say thank you. Thank you, John, from the bottom of my heart. I am a better (if only slightly) person thanks to you.
Soon they were sitting at a table by the window, a little placard on the table read “Reserved” and Sherlock let his eyes linger on it for a moment before sitting down facing the window.
“Mmm… good.” John muttered against Sherlock's mouth as the hand he had on Sherlock's back traveled lower until he was stroking down Sherlock's bum. “So, what kind of Christmas sex did you have in mind?” John hummed as his index finger gently flicked over Sherlock’s entrance.
Sherlock moaned at the feeling of John tugging on his lip, making it red and plump. His eyes were practically fogged with pleasure,. Running his tongue over where John’s mouth has been, Sherlock mumbled a low “dull” as John pulled away with a sultry smirk.
I want you to know, I'm taking it easy. I'm at a hostel in Kabul. The city isn't exactly relaxing, but my bed is free if any unwanted vermin. So that much is appreciated. One thing you learn quickly in the military is the ability to sleep anywhere, so I've mainly been resting since I got here.
“Mmm I can think of a few ‘somethings’ we could do. Most of them involve you naked…” John returned Sherlock's smile and squeezed his hand. “So… how long of a walk? We’re going to need lube. Lots of lube. And probably some condoms. Maybe a few toys. Does the village have
Sherlock feigned surprise at John’s last statement, one of his hands splayed over his chest following a dramatic gasp, “Truly?! I honestly had no idea! I must admit, you hide such aspects of yourself quite well.”
“It seems Hakim has a brothel on top of being a gun dealer, and hardly cares if his women get pregnant or keep the children.” Sherlock let out a huff of air and ruffled his hair with his fingers, “I don’t know if that’s important… I don’t think it is. What matters is this.” he reached down beside the chair and picked up the laptop, eyes flicking over whatever was on the screen.
“Back against the wall, and don’t move,” John ordered and did his best not to grin when Sherlock scrambled to obey. Instead, he took a deep breath and slowly turned to their bedroom. If they really were about to have impromptu sex in the kitchen, they would need lube, and probably a wet flannel for cleanup. Getting both lube and clean flannel, he could get it later in the kitchen sink, he stopped short when he saw his army uniform trousers sitting in one of the piles of clothing. They were the pair he’d been intending to wear Monday, but why not let Sherlock appreciate them a little bit tonight.
I can honestly say I’ve now learned a thing or two about elephants now. I knew that they were considered holy in some cultures, but that was the extent of my knowledge. I am glad, however, that you enjoy it. Thought maybe it was a bit too much, sending you something after only two letters so I do apologize if I overstepped any boundaries.
, he found he almost didn’t care. He only had a tan t-shirt on under the jacket and he made quick work of pulling that off over his head, leaving him bare from the chest up, besides his dog tags, of course.
“Oh, look, Bond.” John grinned and gave mummy’s arm a squeeze of thanks as he walked over to inspect the selection.
. It was a happy tune, echoing the sounds of laughter and pleasure, but there was an underlying tone to it, and that was sad. It made John want to put down his knife and go to Sherlock and wrap him in his arms, promising never to let him go. Mummy placed a hand on his shoulder, startling from his thoughts, and handed him a towel as she nodded to the other room with a knowing smile. He put the knife down, dried his hands, and slowly walked through the hall, each step bringing him closer and closer to the music.
Tindo and I have a very special chapter for everyone today! Well, a couple special chapters if one wants to get technical about it all lol I hope that it will be a lovely surprise for you all and I hope you enjoy reading them as much as Tindo and I have enjoyed writing them ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
To view on tumblr instead: http://i-dont-shave-for-john-watson.tumblr.com/post/175488075750/for-chapter-89-of-dear-john-posting-here-for
“Can I…” Sherlock flexed his muscles, making his cock twitch and John groaned, but nodded as he planted his palms over Sherlock’s ribs.
(Namely Sherlock attacking John and inspecting him from head to toe to make sure he's actually alive. Because the orgasm wasn't enough proof)
“Just toast? Are you sure? Don’t want a bit more, you know, to keep your strength up.” Sherlock could barely contain the eye roll as John gave him a sly wink. “Suit yourself.”
“What are the chances of setting up a secure video feed with ourselves, Sholto and Rhodes?” Sherlock asked as he hit send and leaned back in the chair.
Your questions regarding my career choice and my sister both have long winded answers. And can be answered mainly in one explanation. Or at least, one story. Yes, Harry IS an alcoholic. She’s currently sober, or was when I left, and is living with her wife just outside of London. Though, not having heard from her is not a good sign, and her wife Clara and I don’t get on very well. Mum is long gone. Died of a broken heart if you asked me. Guess dad was a drunk before they met, life was fine until Harry came out. Then dad started drinking again, and I’m sure you don’t need to be a genius to figure out what happened after that.
“I missed you.” Sherlock shrugged and swiveled around as well, so now John was on his right instead of left. He reached over John, yet again, and placed his mostly empty glass on the basket, silently cursing himself for how loose the wine was making his tongue. “After our last phone call…”
“Lube?” John breathed after Sherlock rutted against him, his hard cock pressing into John’s lower belly.
“When…” he started to ask but realized he didn’t fucking care. Without waiting for Sherlock to reply he dropped his own trousers and before his pants had a chance to follow them, pooling around his ankles, he was hard as a rock and pulling the plug out. It came out with an obscene pop, dripping lube down Sherlock’s perineum and bollocks.
“Beret. Yes. That’s...what I meant to say.” Sherlock hid his embarrassment  by stuffing his toothbrush, with way too much toothpaste, into his mouth.
“Scared, but yeah. I have them with me. Brody and Jensen are investigating. So far it it seems Mathiesen was seen hanging about the tent where they were sleeping a few hours before the attempt. As it turns out, he was also the person to give the family the laptop.”
me. Now, where are my clothes. Wouldn’t do for Molly to come back and find me starkers in the morgue.”
ALSO... TWO. FREAKING. MORE. DAYS. TWO... That's why you're getting this update today. We don't want Season 4 to drown out this update like we know it will! So have fun, enjoy the show... and... don't... be dead.
It has become quite late and I have to be up early to assist with last minute preparations for mummy’s party. I should be back at my original living space by the time you receive this correspondence. That along with the risk of you calling me sweetheart on the higher end, please send your reply back to London so my mother doesn't read such endearments; she’ll be planning our wedding otherwise.
Something inside Sherlock relaxed, allowing for an exasperated sigh to accompany his signature eye roll, before he swung the door fully open and reached out to help John to his feet. Even through the layers of clothing, Sherlock could still tell how fit and muscular John was. He felt his mouth water slightly at the idea of John completely shirtless, his eyes being able to completely observe John’s chest muscles contracting under tanned skin.
“I thought I said to shut it.” John tore one of this hands away and fumbled in a drawer just above Sherlock’s head. Pulling out a bottle of lube he flipped open the cap. “The only things you are allowed to say until I’ve come are, ‘please harder’, ‘I’m sorry for sneaking around behind your back’, and ‘please harder’. Nod that you understand.”
John yawned in reply and settled back down in bed. After a long pause he looked up at Sherlock, who was still sitting against the headboard and asked, “You’re not joining me.”
Sherlock tore his eyes away from the plane to focus on the soldier beside him. His eyes grew wide when he saw the emotion written all over John's face. John words were hard and threatening, but his face was soft, and scared. Sherlock nodded once, and reached out to place both his hands on John's biceps. “I promise.”
“I just want to take time to say thank you. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me.” Thank you, John, for… for what? Fighting for our great nation? For loving me? Accepting me? This all sounds like we’re in primary school again and the teacher is forcing us to become friends.
Sherlock Holmes, I do believe you've just won the award for “Most elegant description of: I like to have a wank while thinking about you when I can't sleep.” And I find it rather endearing. Should I feel guilty for corrupting you? Because I can't say I do. I enjoy the thought, actually. Enjoy knowing I'm not the only one affected. God I haven't felt like this since I was a teen.
“Mmm just think of it as something for me to remember you by. When we’re sexting, I can sit right here and know that there is still some of your semen left in the carpet.” Sherlock poked at the spot then suddenly looked sad. “It’s a shame we didn’t save any. I’d like to see what it looks like under a microscope.
Sherlock rolled his eyes when John pulled back from his obvious attempt at seduction. “Dull…” He begrudgingly extended his hand for John to take and let the older man help him to his feet. After brushing the snow from his backside, Sherlock quickly stepped into John’s personal space, “I suppose it all depends on you. We can continue forward, visit the small village nearby, play tourist and purchase a few things….or we can go back and take a warm refreshing shower before getting up to more scandalous activities”, Sherlock then continued leaning his head forward until his lips just barely caressed the outer shell of John’s ear, “It’s your call….
“My apologies Mummy, but you will have to finish this conversation with my husband at a later date. I need to take him into the next room and show him my penis. However please feel free to continue said conversation in our prolonged absence. I'm sure you'll want to call the caterer now. It being
2) I feel like I don't elaborate on John's inflections, how he says things, or his mannerisms as much as I would like. That's partly because Martin is such a damn fine actor that he does it all with his face. (And I feel a bit funny going "John scrunches up the left side of his face only to show that he's perplexed" or something like that) So forgive me for that. It is something I'm trying to work on.
IF a tag makes you uncomfortable, skip the chapter and say in the comments. “Couldn’t read because: your reason here” and blood and I will give you a short summary update as to what happened.
“Do hurry and stop hogging the water, I don't want to get left with only cold water.” John grinned and pinched Sherlock's bum as he stepped away.
“In one piece, sir. More or less. Head trauma, both of us...I'm certain. We have followups today with a neurosurgeon.”
rocking together, taking turns releasing breathy gasps as their bodies slotted together as one. Sherlock gave as much as he took, if not more. As their rocking became faster he slid John up onto his knees and reached around John’s body, taking his John’s thick cock in his long fingers.With every slide of his cock inside John, his fingers expertly brought John closer and closer to the brink. Sherlock could tell, by the way John’s breathing patterns changed, going from soft sighs to heavy pants, that he was close. He whispered a soft apology as he withdrew his hand, and pulled away, sliding completely out of John, making his husband whimper.
I never got to check this for typos or grammatical errros. My last week and a half has been... not bad but so busy I’m literally only home to sleep 5 hours before heading off again.
He then begins to tell me how he was stationed a few klicks west of my base, and it was his turn to do the night watch. Apparently he was bored, because about halfway through his shift he decided to throw a handful of live tank rounds into the fire and dance over it. (Literally, dance. Think Native American Indians in a cheap old Western movie.)
The insipid lard then proceeded to inform me that he had taken it upon himself to personally hand deliver my letter to you. His excuse was that the hospital was refusing to mail you my gift along with the letter, and he knew just how much it would destroy me if I couldn’t give you a proper apology. I then proceeded to inform him that living in such a fantasy world was almost as unhealthy as his disgusting sweet intake, and that he should kindly piss off. I assure you however, that your written account between the both of you truly made the entire situation worthwhile.
“If I let you go.” John chuckled faintly and brought his hands up to twist in Sherlock’s shirt at his chest.
Ask and you shall receive! There was a lot of comments asking about or wondering how Sherlock took the "journal entries". After some talk between Tindo and I, we decided to spoil you with such a chapter. Hope you all enjoy the continuing angst! *throws confetti*
“Oi!” John exclaimed loudly but there was a twinkle in his eyes that let his husband know he hadn't been bothered by the jab. “How about…” he groaned as he stood, “I make us all some lunch?”
With faux confidence John made his way into the kitchen, listening to the quiet sounds of Sherlock following him. Sherlock moved so silently that it took John a moment to register that he
“Well… that’s partly my news.” John nuzzled his way onto Sherlock’s pillow until they were nose to nose. “We’re both going to the doctors today. And we’re both getting checked out. Consider it a date or something, I don’t care. But you’re going.” Sherlock started to protest but John continued, “then, in a week or two, when we’re feeling better, we’ll go look for a flat. Together.”
“We need to be alone. Soon…” John muttered then pulled Sherlock's feet closer to his groin in hopes of covering the growing bulge that was threatening to make itself known.
With a dramatic sigh that befitted someone who currently wore a tiara upon their head, Sherlock dropped his body across the sofa once more. A deep echo of ‘bored’ reverberated inside Sherlock’s mind as his eyes began to take in their surroundings. Perhaps is was because he had been distracted by John until now, but Sherlock only now realised that the main living space had been taken over by Christmas. Fairy lights decorated the windows, garland was draped over protruding surfaces with fake snow filling in the gaps. A large tree had also been put into the corner with lights, ornaments and other sparkly decor littering its branches. Everything was tastefully done if not a bit much. Sherlock figured it was Mummy’s doing, though the thought of Mycroft being made to help while Sherlock had been warm and comfortable in the arms of his husband was quite pleasing.
“Well, you see… he’s been in rehab, since April. Mycroft put him there.” John watched as Mrs. Holmes said nothing, but turned her attention back to the pancakes.
John moved first. He gingerly pulled out, and looked around for damage control. His belt had somehow,
5 more times the riding crop came down on Sherlock’s arse. Each and every hit made Sherlock’s arse ripple, white skin steadily growing reader with each hit. John pulled the crop away and dragged his nails across the inflicted skin, pulling a hiss out of Sherlock’s lips.
“John, darling, when do you go back?” She asked, fluffing a cushion and propping it behind his back seconds before he sat down. John glared at Sherlock, knowing that Sherlock must have mentioned his recent injuries to her. Sherlock, for his part, ignored John’s glare completely and plopped himself down in a chair opposite the sofa, giving off the air of a sulking toddler.
Sherlock felt his face heat with the unspoken implications. He felt his lips purse before averting his stare to something over towards the other side of the room, looking at anything in an attempt to keep his attention away from John’s powerful and intense gaze. Sherlock knew the mechanics, the expectations of being in a relationship. While he was aware of John’s ever expanding patience with him, Sherlock was sure that a man who was obviously as experienced and well versed as John was would expect a certain level of intimacy from their partner.
They stood there for a moment longer, drawing out their goodbye, but when the plane door opened, and the pilot began to beckon John over, they could no longer avoided the inevitable. John stole one last lip bruising kiss before stooping down to pick up his duffle bag. He slung it over his shoulder nodded to Sherlock, then took two steps towards the plane.
“Rhodes got back to me about an hour after you left. It seemed he had no problem getting Mathiesen to talk. All this time we’ve been operating under the assumption that Hakim had the women, and while that is partially true, it wasn’t what happened! Hakim didn’t come in and steal them or get someone to steal them for him. Both women were… for lack of better term and I mean no offense, whores for Hakim to sell.”
“Mmm? And who’s fault is that, I wonder?” John grinned down at his husband then rolled off of him, and crawled out of bed.
My mother is glaring at me, actually glaring at me, as she holds a roll of tape in her hands. I do believe that is my hint to wrap this letter up so she can mail out half of the local shops to you. She wasn’t sure what type of shampoo you liked, so she got two of everything…I do apologize for her overzealous behavior.
Sherlock arched an eyebrow, “Of course I view you as safe. Why wouldn’t I see my own husband as safe?”
It wasn’t until a deep, low growl tore its way from him that John found himself halfway bent over Sherlock’s lower half, gaze completely fixed on Sherlock’s exposed mid section. John quickly righted himself, his face completely covered in embarrassment though he did his best to hide it by faking a coughing fit. Sherlock knew though, John didn’t even have to look over at his husbands relaxed form to know that he knew exactly what just happened and for it to be written all over his smug face.
“Not quite your husband. After all, you two didn’t have a notice in the papers for at least twenty-eight days, and there’s the difference between a marriage and a civil union....”
My mental health... has been right shit. I SHOULD have called around to therapists in my area today. BUT I haven't... I just... don't even have that in me. Last Wednesday I had a complete breakdown. I went into a surgical center for a procedure and had a complete and thorough breakdown in the office to the point where they refused to do the surgery. I've been fighting depression for a few weeks now... it's all I can do most days to get out of bed. Let alone go to work, then come home and write. I've neglected you guys and this fic... which in the end makes me feel even crappier.
“Please, you fucked me much harder this morning. However, I can’t blame you for not having enough energy to perform as such again. After all, I hear age can be quite debilitating.”
“The receipt?” Mycroft gave Sherlock a look of pure incredulity then began spreading butter over his pancakes.
“Mmm, that’s what I thought. Father called ahead, while you two were getting something at the Cafe. Said you’d be mostly on bed rest, and while I’m sure you two will find…certain ways to entertain each other…you should be doing some resting. So I’ve brought in the spare telly and some movies. I’ve just been setting it up.” She stepped back, and sure enough, behind her was a small telly and a stack of VHS tapes and a few DVDs.
“Visit?” Sherlock mouthed as he shuffled around on the bed in order to be able to touch his lips to John’s neck.
“So come on, get up, eat what you can stomach, then we’ll shower and get ready. Your father is going to drive us, I don’t think it wise that either of us drives. At least not for a few days.”
“Yeah, well, we’ll know more once Rhodes is done questioning him.” John shrugged and looked at his husband who’d only now opened his eyes to realize there was tea within reach.
