Cas' hands had made their way down to his side, kneading and pulling on the sheets, Dean looked up at him again as he bobbed back down, taking him as deep as he could, the head of Cas' cock resting at he back of his throat. As he swallowed before coming back up he watched as Cas' eyes rolled back in his head and Dean knew without a single doubt that the angel had thoroughly enjoying that. When Dean went to pull back again, Cas grabbed his head and held him there, his hips bucking up into the hunter's mouth.
Lucifer is in the library, he looks around, he has the face of someone who would like to smash everything for fun. He walks and scrutinizes all the objects, all the books, his arms crossed behind his back, then he stops walking.
We follow Eileen walking towards the bar. She’s in the infirmary. Eileen disinfects a cloth, then turns and walks towards Sam. He’s sitting on a bed, but he’s awake and conscious.
Jack doesn’t finish the sentence, again he bends in two, hands and knees still on the ground. Castiel worries and gets closer to the kid.
Ruby is fighting a leviathan, she has an angel blade in her hand that can only hurt the monster not kill him. Sam’s not with Dean anymore. Ruby impales the leviathan with the angel blade, then walks away seeing that nothing happens, she reaches out to the blade and turns it around the monster to slow it down (as years before Castiel did with Alastair).
Dean’s nose is already broken when Chuck throws another punch to him, he uses his powers and throws him into the wall of the house where Jack was born. Dean has a broken leg too, he’s struggling to get up. The grey clouds keep getting closer and closer. Chuck uses his powers on Sam too, he throws him away. Even Sam is struggling to get up, he has a couple of broken ribs, with his hand holding his side. Meanwhile Michael and Lucifer keep fighting, Michael has his archangel blade in his right hand and he tries to hurt Lucifer. They hear a thunder in the distance, some clouds are now above them. The sun has been completely covered by them, it is as if a storm is coming. Michael and Lucifer stop fighting to watch it, even Chuck stops to watch what’s coming, something’s wrong. Jack is down, hands and knees on the ground, we don’t see his face well, we just hear him complaining. The storm gets closer, the distant thunders become more and more present until from the grey clouds comes out a huge beam of light which hits Chuck. He falls to the ground stunned and with him Michael and Lucifer who were the closest to him. Chuck doesn’t understand what’s going on, he didn’t write this. It’s not in his story. It’s not in his ending. Chuck’s not badly injured, he’s just dirt and scorched.
Dean gets up immediately from the chair he was sitting on and approaches Sam. Eileen does the same thing.
Jack tries to be as indifferent as possible. It’s not his classic tender greeting with his hand raised. No. He may be his father but he is the one who killed a lot of people and would kill many more for no reason at all. Lucifer takes a few steps towards Jack.
Dean comes out of the room to get the beers, Castiel looks at him. Eileen tidies her things, and Sam takes the opportunity to talk to Castiel alone for a moment.
Jack walks indifferently towards Lucifer, looking away at him. Lucifer makes fun of Jack’s last sentence by grimacing his face.
Meg and the demon disappear into the portal that immediately closes. Dean is terrified when he sees it closing, then he looks at Sam and tries to bring him to his senses. He can’t be dead. Why do the most important people in his life have to leave like this? With a portal closing and because of the Empty? Dean keeps calling Sam but he doesn’t give any sign of life, we hear Dean’s voice increasingly muffled as he keeps calling his brother. Black screen.
Death can’t finish the sentence, Lucifer snaps his fingers and she turns into stone, then into dust. Chuck’s book reaches up to Lucifer’s hands. Everything happens very quickly, no one expected it.
Chuck stretches his arms forward and tightens his fists towards Sam and Dean, they fall to the ground, as if their organs were twisting on themselves. Chuck looks at them. They can’t breathe, Chuck’s about to snap his fingers.
Dean swallows. He would like to say more but Sam precedes him, perhaps seeing that Dean is in trouble in front of Cas.
Sam gets up off the floor and stands up, then takes a card out of his pocket and gives it to Connor.
We are in the same place but outside. There are three police cars surrounding the abandoned building. Some cops are inside looking for any leads on what happened, searching the area. A nurse helps the boy sit on the edge of the ambulance, he takes and gives him ice for the head, then walks away to talk to his colleagues.
We’re now in an empty street, buildings around. It’s the street we’ve already seen at the beginning, along with all the empty cities. The Impala comes and stops. Sam, Dean and Jack get out of the car and close the doors. They look around, then Dean looks at Jack.
The music starts. The whole scene is very fast: Sam, Dean and Eileen search and take books form the Men of Letters bookcases. They sit down and they start reading, then they go back to the bookstore and they get more books and then again and again. Time goes by, the music is still playing, all three of them are doing research. Then Sam falls asleep and Dean wakes him up by tickling him in the nose with a feather. Dean laughs, Eileen too. Sam is annoyed but returns to work. Eileen brings coffee in big cups for everyone to stay awake. They’re still flipping through pages and pages of books. Then the music starts to dissolve.
Sam’s face turns completely white when he realizes who is in front of him. His heart goes to his throat.
Lucifer turns slowly, the book still in his hands. Michael is in front of him now, Lucifer blinks and his eyes turn red.
Sam puts a hand on Castiel’s arm, he approaches and hugs Sam. Sam smiles and returns the hug. Then they break off. Eileen returns to the room and Dean arrives with the beers.
When Dean finished his chores he would come into the kitchen and visit with Castiel. Telling him about school, what subjects were his favorite, which ones he struggled with. He'd tell him about his friends, and the funny things that Sammy would do. Then he'd ask Castiel about himself, his family, where he grew up. where he had gone to college.
Castiel sighed, leaning back into him, tilting his head back, allowing Dean access to place soft kisses on his neck. "Dean, if you keep this up, there won't be any breakfast, and Darla is in the other room." He allowed Dean once more nibble at his neck before shrugging out of his embrace and turning to face him.
Dean licks his lips and swallows before nodding his head. "yes" he says, his voice low. Cas growls as he picks Dean up, flipping him over on the bed. He moves to his dresser, pulling out a cornflower blue tie before walking back to the bed. He straddles Dean's back, letting the fabric of the tie drag across his skin, Dean's body shudders. Cas knots the tie around each of Dean's wrists before tying it to the headboard, making sure that he can easily move his wrists around.
Castiel let out a low moan "Dean" he pressed into him, running his hand over his chest and cupping his face. "You need to go get dressed. It's almost time to take Darla to her mother's." he kissed Dean gently "I'll be here when you get back" Castiel reluctantly pulled himself away and stood up, holding his hand out to Dean. Dean took Castiel's hand and immediately pulled him into his arms again once he stood up. "Dean. Seriously, go get dressed" Castiel said with a bit of force.
"Talk dirty to me Cas." Dean moans leaning down kissing him hard as he continues to ride him at a full gallop.
Dean just looks at him in wonder for a moment, then turns to pick up the bag. "Castiel, may I ask one favor of you?"
Dean's eyes go wide before a cocky smiles spreads across his lips. "I can definitely do that" he says with a low growl as he kisses him hard.
"Well I got off work and Jimmy and I both wanted to watch this." Castiel held up a new movie, one that Dean had been wanting to see. "We thought you'd probably like it, so we decided we'd bring snacks and see if you wanted to watch it with us." Castiel smiled again and nodded toward Jimmy.
Without thinking twice Dean gets up immediately and runs to the main room, Sam follows him, Dean climbs the stairs. He has a moment of hesitation before opening the door. If it’s really Cas, how did he get back? Was it Jack? But Jack has no power.. the Empty let him go again? What is he gonna say to Cas when he sees him again? He can’t stay quiet again, so maybe will hug him? Will he be angry with him for sacrificing himself to save his life, again? The answer is behind the door so Dean opens it.
Castiel checks himself, fixes his trenchcoat, he’s really awake. It seems like an eternity has passed since the Empty went to get him in the dungeon. He gives a quick look at his right hand, the hand that used to bleed. There’s nothing left now, no cuts, just a memory. Meg notices that.
We’re in Dean’s room, he’s sleeping, the alarm clock rings, he extends his arm to turn it off and as soon as he touches it the music and a montage of various clips starts: Sam wakes up and gets out of bed, he’s very energetic, Dean pulls the blankets and tries to get up, he’s very sleepy. From the empty bottles behind him we understand that he’s been drinking, actually, he hasn’t slept all night. Sam brushes his teeth, Dean rinses his face (in different bathrooms), Sam wears a jumpsuit, Dean wears jeans and a black t-shirt. Sam goes out for a run, he stops for a second to just breathe, he feels alive, he sits on a bench and looks at the trees, the birds and then he smiles. Dean walks down the bunker hallway, he stops for a second in front of Jack’s room, he opens the door slightly, looks inside and then closes it, while continuing to walk in the hallway, the camera also stops on Castiel’s room that Dean doesn’t even watch, he even lowers his head when he passes by it. The music is still playing and Sam is back in the bunker now, heading into the kitchen where he finds Eileen cooking. The music starts to dissolve.
"No Castiel, you can't sit there. " Darla said once the movie was in "Here daddy" she said taking Dean's hand and leading him to the couch "You sit here" Dean sat down at the end of the couch where Darla had pointed. "Now Castiel, you sit here" she pointed to the spot on the couch next to Dean" Castiel looked at Dean who just shrugged, then he scooted down the couch. "No, closer. I want to sit on both of your laps, come on Castiel scoot closer, daddy won't bite"
Cas walked back over to the bed and ran his hand down Dean's body first gripping his head,  pulling it back so he could kiss him brusingly hard until they both were panting,  desperate for more.  Then his hand trailed down his back and over his perfect round ass, fingers dipping into his still gaping hole for a moment before sliding down between his legs grazing over his balls before gripping ahold of his heavy cock hanging dripping between his legs.  He moaned,  licking his lips,  there were so many things he wanted to do to this boy,  and wondered just how much he could handle in one night.
I wanted to send you a letter to say I'm sorry if I made you feel awkward the day we left. But I also wanted to say thank you for not making me feel foolish. I really wish that you would have kissed me, but I understand why you didn't.
A huge thank you to my friend @ijohnbaldino (on twitter) too, who helped me to translate these scripts since English isn't my first language.
Chuck’s expression goes from a defiant smile to a grin of annoyance, he’s visibly pissed. Gabriel smiles at Castiel’s words, not looking away from Chuck’s. A strong thunder on their heads forces them to look up. Nothing happens, as if it was just a warning, as if to say, 'Us angels are here, and we are ready to strike again’. But the music increases when a black slime begins to appear in front of them that turns into a passage, similar to what was in the dungeon when the Empty took Cas. As if it was a portal. One is created, then another behind, then another. Many portals of black sludge open. Nobody does anything, they just watch. And so from the first portal Raphael gets out, from the second Gadreel, then Naomi, Balthazar, Samandriel, Anna (Milton). Everybody’s looking at Chuck. Dean and Sam are speechless as they’re watching everybody come out. The angels and demons that arrive are ready to fight, angel blade in the hands. Then again Zachariah, Abaddon, Uriel, Ruby come out from the Empty. Sam gasps when he sees Ruby. Dean is open-mouthed when he watches Abaddon, or when he sees Zachariah. He thought he would never see them again. Rowena comes out of another portal. Sam looks at her. Then from one last portal, but not less important, comes out Crowley. The music stops.
The distance between them is less and less. Chuck snaps his fingers towards Jack, nothing happens. He does it again, and again and again. Then a black smoke (Amara) around his hands prevents him from snapping his fingers further. The panic on his face. Jack approaches and puts his hands on his face, his eyes light up.
Sam slowly turns to the demon, who walks towards him. He’s in possession of a male vessel. The demon flaunts his red eyes for a few seconds.
Silence. Again. Everything is quiet. Then Dean’s phone starts ringing. Sam and Dean don’t realize at the moment that their phone hasn’t rang in weeks, like it was normal for him, Dean takes it out of his pocket and reads the name on the phone screen: Cas.
We see a few shots of Baby running in the street, then Sam and Dean arrive at their destination, Dean parks, they look at the house of the woman whose son has disappeared. They are dressed as agents.
Sam and Dean look at each other. Then we hear the sound of Baby’s engine and see her running in the night.
The scene reopens with Sam and Dean fighting side by side. Sam’s fighting a vampire, Dean’s against a leviathan. Dean dodges a few punches, but his machete falls on the ground. Meanwhile, Sam tries not to get bitten by the vampire. With his machete, he cuts off his head. Dean is on the ground, the leviathan approaching.
Chuck is angry, he wants to destroy everything. He raises his arms slowly, from the bottom upwards, his hands open, from the ground begins to regroup the dirt, grains of sand, which grow together with the movement of Chuck’s arms, the music is pressing. Shapes are formed, lots of shapes. Chuck has no power over the Empty, so he had to resort to another place, which was not involved in the battle yet: Purgatory. Suddenly these silhouettes become people, creatures. Vampires, leviathans and other creatures of Purgatory now fight for Chuck. Dean and Castiel look at each other, remembering both their time in that place and the fear they felt there. Sam keeps looking at Chuck. There’s a close-up of an angry Chuck, then black screen.
Everyone’s looking at her, she’s standing on her feet now and she’s holding Death’s spear, she’s got the ring, too.
The music is pressing, Sam is getting ready, taking the necessary. They’re at the crossroad Rowena told them about, it’s a very isolated street, there are some houses but they’re far away, there’s a motel very close by. Sam puts the necessary to call the demon in a small box. Dean is hidden behind some signs of the motel. It’s the middle of the night and there’s no one on the street. Sam puts down the box in the middle of the crossroad and waits for the demon. He looks around, then someone appears behind him.
Dean’s words warm Castiel’s heart. They’re both happy, exactly where they want to be and where they should be. The space between them is practically nonexistent. They close their eyes when their lips touch, they join in a kiss desired for so long by both, so much suffered, after all they have been through, but in the end it arrived. Who would have thought that the obedient angel, whose order was to save a man from the fire of Hell, would fall in love with Dean Winchester, a man broken in a thousand pieces, with a troubled past. And yet.. it happened.
He’s wrecked and his look speaks for itself.. Dean hasn’t slept in two weeks. Beers in the fridge are halved in a matter of hours. Sam tried to give him some space and time, he knows that’s what Dean needs. Sam is not good either, despite everyone has come back and after his reunion with Eileen, he still misses Jack and Castiel, who were important members of their family.
Sam winces at the thought of Eileen alive. Dean would like to be happy, but in his thoughts are all for another person.
Dean is still driving. Sam sees that no answer comes from him, sighs and turns his face to the street. Dean looks at him when he’s not looking. This is the last time Sam tries to convince Dean. Baby runs down the poorly lit road. Then we cross-fade it’s morning and Baby’s parked outside the bunker.
Jack looks at Sam and Sam looks back, he’s sorry. They lied to him again, but it was to protect him, Chuck probably would have hurt Jack if he showed up too, and they couldn’t protect him. He’s quiet for a few seconds.
Connor thinks for a moment, he’s confused. There’s no other explanation than the one given by Sam and Dean.
Donna, Bobby, Charlie and all the survivors from “Earth 2” come back, everyone embraces and laughs with joy. Eileen is in front of her house, next to her car, she looks up to the trees, then to the people around her and she simply smiles.
Chuck’s still fighting, still killing angels and demons. He kills Anna with black smoke, then Gadreel by laying a hand on his head even if it was difficult, he seems weaker. Sam, Cas and Dean are watching Chuck and what he’s doing.
We see Baby from the outside, running, then we see inside. Sam and Dean almost got to their destination, they didn’t talk the whole trip. Sam is afraid to start any kind of conversation with his brother, Dean knows that Sam needs to know, he deserves to know, he constantly wonders if he’s ready to talk about it, maybe he never will be. Sam looks at Dean several times, simply worried about the burden that Dean is carrying, he knows that Dean is strong but too many things have happened, the disappearance of 7 billion people, the death of Cas, no hope in sight, not with a good ending at least. Dean never looks at Sam.
Dean is hopeless as he utters these last words. We see a close-up of all three, then a larger shot of the bunker, further away as the three continue to look at each other.
She smiles and with the angel blade tries to kill him. They fight and block each other’s punches until Abaddon kneels Zachariah and kills him with the angel blade. Zachariah emanates light, then his body falls to the ground, wings’ shape around him.
Sam closes his eyes for a second when he realizes that matter with the Empty is over. Dean doesn’t believe his ears and neither does Castiel. Eileen is very happy.
Sam says all this while we see him and Dean and Jack in the Impala heading for the place Sam talks about. It’s day, the sun is shining. The place where they stop with the car is the same place where Jack was born a few years earlier. There is a vast expanse of water, it is crystal clear. The music presses as they get out of the car, Michael also appears by their side as they bring the ingredients of the spell to the exact spot. Sam lays down Chuck’s book, Dean mixes the ingredients in a spell bowl.
Connor nods and Sam and Dean walk away, they get back in the car and close the doors behind them. They’re quiet for a few seconds, then Dean talks.
Chuck closes his eyes and stretches his arm towards Castiel who bends in half and falls on his knees. Dean runs to Chuck, punches him while he is distracted but does nothing, with one arm still towards Castiel, Chuck punches Dean who backs and falls to the ground. Chuck is still hurting Castiel. Dean on the ground tries not to panic and starts talking.
Sam and Dean greet the lady and leave the house. The lady closes the door behind her. They walk away from the house while talking about the case.
Sam turns the computer to show Dean the newspaper article about the boy’s disappearance and his photo. Dean looks closely.
Sam interrupts Dean before he starts talking about how cool it was to kill Hitler and how he deserved a lot of pie after that.
Lucifer smiles before throwing his power at Michael. He is thrown to the ground. Then he rises immediately and the battle between the two brothers begins. Chuck stands still, Sam and Dean begin to run towards him but Chuck with a hand movement throws them to the ground, five meters further. Jack tries to get close to Chuck, but he does the exact same thing: he throws Jack away, both from him and Sam and Dean. As Michael and Lucifer fight in the background, Chuck approaches Sam and Dean who are rising from the ground.
Sam looks down, inside himself he knew that for years, even if Cas never talked to him about that, Sam knew about his feelings for Dean, he had noticed by the way Cas looked at Dean, by the way he responded when Dean called, the way he reacted when Dean walked into his same room, the way he smiled when Dean smiled.
Eileen removes the last slice of bacon from the pan and puts it on the plate with the others. Sam takes the freshly baked toast from the toaster and puts it on another plate.
Sam and Dean have been thinking all day about how to get everybody back and finally they’ve come to a conclusion. Sam and Dean start going up the bunker stairs to get out when Jack enters the room and calls them.
Castiel’s hand is still on Dean’s shoulder, very close to where Castiel marked Dean twice. There’s a close-up of Castiel and then we move on to Sam. He is trying to get up, he can't hear well because he was closer than Dean to the beam of light and his hearing is muffled (we understand from subjective shooting). With his hand he keeps his ear sore. Then someone also appears in front of him.
Jack smiles and closes his eyes. The music starts and there’s a montage of different streets and cities, they’re all empty. But then cars start running, people are eating at restaurants, kids are playing on the playgrounds. They all come back at the exact spot where they disappeared.
Meg lets Ruby and Balthazar go when she sees Castiel, the last of all the angels and demons to wake up. Meg laughs but she is visibly frustrated.
Of all the possible ways this conversation could evolve, Sam and Dean certainly hadn’t thought of this one.
They both laughs for a few seconds. Dean looks Cas in the eye, he   loves it when Cas smiles, which doesn’t happen very often. Castiel can not believe his eyes, he doesn’t believe all of this is real. He’s back. Dean, Sam and Eileen brought him back from the Empty. They care about him, they risked their lives for him.
There’s a montage of many places, many empty cities, there is no one, everyone has disappeared. We see New York, Los Angeles, Shangai, Vancouver and other cities. There is sad music, there are bicycles in the streets, empty cars, swings that move only with the wind, without any child playing with them.
Then a thunder. Back to the archangels again, Michael is fighting against Raphael. Lucifer is fighting against Gabriel. Lucifer seems amused.
Finally, Dean looks at Sam, his eyes begging for help, then he looks down and down the street again.
Sam and Dean gasped when Meg named Crowley. Is he alive? How did he escape? Who else escaped? They are speechless.
Sam is angry when he talks to his brother, he’s worried, he drove like a maniac to go back to the bunker to see what is going on. Sam keeps his eyes on Dean, even Jack looks at him waiting for an answer.
The windows of the car are lowered, Sam and Dean take deep breath to taste the freedom they fought so hard for and that they truly deserve. We see other scenes from the 15 years and in the end, Sam and Dean driving towards the sunset, towards new adventures, Baby gets further and further away. It’s just the two of them, exactly like they started, but now everything is different. This time there are people who wait for them in the bunker, there are people who wait for them at HOME. They have a family. Sam and Dean smile as Baby runs towards the sunset and
Meg points the other fist at Balthazar, he also falls on his knees. Samandriel looks at the Empty, there’s not much he can do, really.
Sam runs to Rowena, she is happy to see him even if she doesn’t want to show it. Sam approaches her and hesitates for a moment. Then he does what his heart tells him, he hugs Rowena, who obviously didn’t see it coming. Sam and Dean didn’t know what happened to her before Chuck, the last time they were in Hell looking for the Occultum she wasn’t there. Sam and Rowena detach from the hug and Rowena looks at him.
Eileen nods. She and Sam collect the things they used for the spell from the ground and get out of the barn. Dean and Castiel look at each other. Now, this moment, it’s all or nothing. Dean looks at Cas, he looks back.
Chuck is confused when Sam and Dean don’t kill him but turn and start walking away, Jack follows them. They’re the only one left on the field. The house where Jack was born is destroyed on their left as they walk towards the car to leave this place.
Lucifer puts his hands on his hips as a sign of arrogance and superficiality. Behind him, however, someone with the archangel blade kills him. Lucifer’s red eyes begin to blink, he’s dying but before he does he can hear some last words.
Crowley turns and smiles at Sam and Dean. A smile full of hope and courage appears on the faces of the brothers. In the distance Rowena watches Crowley, she wanted so much to see his son again, even if she would never admit it. Behind them other demons and angels arrived, ready to fight. Then another thunder. The music starts again and the scene is very fast.
Dean rolls and dodges the leviathan’s blow again, Sam throws his machete, Dean on his knees takes it, pierces the leviathan and then cuts off his head. The body falls to the ground, Sam run towards Dean, he helps him up.
Castiel laid back on the counter and let the sensations of Dean's magical fingers take over him. With every thrust Dean was hitting that bundle of nerves and Castiel wasn't sure how much longer he'd last if he kept that up. "Dean" he whined "More, please...  more" Castiel pushed his ass back into Dean's hands and hissed when he felt a third and then a fourth finger thrust into him.
"Gee Cas, how did you know she liked those books? they are two of her favorite series. What did you do go to the library and check her records?" Dean chuckled.
"Dean" Cas said, placing a kiss on his lips. "Certainly if this is a dream, I'm the one having it" He kissed him again, a little deeper. "But if this is just a dream." another kiss "Lets make it a really good one." Cas moved his hands to Dean's belt and quickly unbuckled it and his jeans, forcing them down over his hips and ass. He once again trapped his mouth with his own as he ran his hand under the waistband of Dean's boxers, wrapping his fingers around his hot erection. Dean's fingers bit into Cas' ass as he moaned into his mouth.
Timid at first Dean presses slowly, until the head of his cock breaches Cas' rim, he lets out a gasping moan at the same time the other men do and he pushes harder, sliding all the way home. Cas' lets out the dirtiest sexiest moan he has ever heard in his life and he leans in biting on his ear as he slowly starts rocking his hips. His cock sliding against his own inside the fallen Angel's perfect ass.
"Well, if you had been enjoying that date in any way, you wouldn't be coming home with me." Castiel smiles pulling out of the lot. "And I wouldn't know what those amazing lips of yours taste like." He reaches over running his hand up Deans thigh "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
"I don't mind. I like to be useful, and its relaxing. Though I do usually enjoy it better when I can listen to your ipod. How much longer until its charged?" Cas washed the bowl and spoon that Dean had put into the sink. After rinsing and putting them in the strainer, he emptied both sinks and dried his hands.
"MMMmmm.... mm..mmmoree... D.. Dean.... mmmmmMM... mmore!" Cas pleads, and Dean is happy to oblige, he slips in another finger and Cas hisses softly at the stretch, but he's soon rocking his hips once again so fervently that Dean doesnt even have to move his hand. He grinds his cock into Cas' thigh, its rock hard due to the intoxicatingly sexy noises that Cas has been making.
As much as Cas desperately wanted Dean, needed Dean. He didnt want to force Dean to do anything he wasnt ready for. "Dean, it's ok. I'm not expecting anything from you. I would still like for you to stay with me, but it doesn't have to anything more than that."
He walked over to his dresser and pulled out clothes, lost in his own thoughts on which music he was going to show Cas first. He could feel the excitement washing over him. There was so much good music out there, so many great bands, so many amazing songs. He was so caught up in trying to figure out where to start in his music library, that he had forgotten that Cas was sleeping right across the room and dropped his towel, before pulling on his sweats. Pulling his tshirt over his head he suddenly remembered he wasnt alone and he whipped his head around catching Cas' wide eyed stare.
Dean raises the tone of his voice a bit and turns his eyes to his shoulder where there is still the handprint of Cas, then diverts it pointing to the ground, but Sam notices everything.
Castiel begins to walk towards Meg, all the angels and demons move to make him pass. Castiel is visibly confused and even angry. How are they all awake?
Castiel is afraid that The Empty will say no, he knows he’s playing with fire, he’s played too many times with Meg and somehow he always managed to fool her.
The lady nods and lets them in. She is a young woman, about 35/40 years old. Sam and Dean look around, they look at the house, it’s full of photographs, many of which are of the woman and her son, no male figure or other children. They walk down the hall to the living room where the woman invites them to sit on the couch.
Meg keeps her fists tight to Ruby and Balthazar, then she gets terrified when other angels and demons start to wake up, we see Uriel, Gadreel, Abaddon, other demons and angels. Everyone looks around, none of them had ever woken up in the Empty. They are all turned towards Meg who still has Balthazar and Ruby under her fists. They also look at each other to see who is awake and who is not. Meg’s face is filled with terror when she sees that even another angel has awakened, the angel who caused her so many problems and who believed she had silenced once and for all: Castiel is awake and his eyes are resting on her.
Dean’s heart breaks every second more. He spent all night crying in the dungeon even though he would never admit it. There’s a moment of silence, no one talks. Jack is sad, Sam closes his eyes for a second as if he doesn’t want to believe it, then he interrupts the silence.
He gives one to Castiel and Sam, throws one to Eileen (who is on the other side of the table) who catches it on the fly, smiling. Castiel and Dean sit on the right side of the table, Sam and Eileen in front of them. Everyone opens their beer and has a sip.
Castiel looks Jack straight in the eye and hugs him. Jack closes his eyes, he is happy that Castiel is alive.
Sam sighs. He puts the juice on the table and continues to help Eileen, then after a few seconds Dean enters in the kitchen.
Back to the battlefield, Chuck is fighting the angels, they’re all against him. He dodges a beam of light, he sends one with his hand too and kills the angel who was about to hit him. He doesn’t look scared, or at least he doesn’t seem to be. Chuck still manages to stand up despite all the angels who are against him at the moment. The demons with their powers manage to take the nails and pieces of concrete of the house where Jack was born, the house collapses. The demons send all the nails to Chuck who with a hand movement destroys them. On the other side of the battlefield we find the archangels. Gabe and Raphael have finally reached Lucifer and Michael. All four archangels reunited, again. Gabe is ironic.
Chuck shakes his fist even more towards Castiel, he screams in pain. Dean closes his eyes and continues, hoping it will work.
Sam and Eileen are still in the library, they’re sitting opposite each other, both with the computer in front of them. To Sam’s right is also a stack of books from the Men of Letters library. Sam’s phone rings on his left, he picks it up and answers.
Castiel calls Dean, they’re both down, they’re gonna die. Chuck coughs, black smoke comes out of his mouth, dark smoke, it’s Amara trying to fight him from the inside. Chuck takes a step back, then shakes his head and comes clean.
Anna nods and she runs towards the battle that is now surrounded by small flames, due to her power. Dean and Castiel watches her go, then look at each other and swallow.
Sam turns off his flashlight and heads to Baby. Dean nods. He also turns off his flashlight, we focus on him for a couple of seconds. Then we see Baby running at night, again.
Sam and Dean walk a few blocks until they reach the square the lady told them about. It’s not a very big place, it’s surrounded by many shops, bars and even a diner. There’s a lot of people around, the place is full of decorations. Between one store and another there is a poster with the words "Pie Fest" on it, there are tables set up full of people who cut and distribute various types of pies. Sam and Dean look around, Sam thinks it may be a great idea to stop to eat something, maybe it’d soften Dean up and make it easier for him to convince his brother.
Dean starts walking, he passes Sam who is still sitting on the chair, he steps down to the room with the big table and we see him leaving the room, we don’t know where he goes. Sam’s alone now, hands on his face, he is tired of everything that’s going on.
From here on Sam speaks in voice over while we see other scenes edited together: ”It has to be done at a particular place.. at an exact angle from the sun. But it will release an unstoppable force that will find Chuck and finish him.”
Dean manages to say these words between one lament to another. They are on their knees on the ground. Dean holds his stomach.
I hope this finale helped you get over the one we got and didn’t enjoy. I will write some one shots too as a continuation of this story, about Dean’s birthday (which was never celebrated on the show (how isn’t it a crime?)), or about them celebrating Christmas all together, or maybe about a couple of weddings too.. who knows.. so stay tuned and thank you again for reading, ILY.
Dean gives a fake smile to Sam, he turns to go back to his room. Sam follows him. They walk to their library.
Dean is confused, he frowns his eyebrows. He’s feeling so many contrasting emotions: hope, fear, remorse, happiness. Sam looks at his brother as he answers the phone, he puts Castiel on speaker.
A few weeks earlier, Sam himself had discovered that the Empty cannot come to Earth unless it’s summoned.
Castiel turns to look at Jack who is still down, hands and knees on the ground, we do not see his face yet. Chuck continues.
Michael and Lucifer rise from the ground. Gabriel and Raphael look at them. From the sky comes a black smoke of demons, all those without a vessel enter the scene, hitting Chuck, as they had hit Amara a few years earlier. And the real battle begins.
The demon laughs again. He doesn’t seem to be afraid. Sam is standing in the middle of the road, the demon walks back and forth as he speaks.
Sam lights a match and throws it into the bowl. The fire turns blue and three rays of light go up to the sky. Then everything stops.
Dean gets out of the room as Jack sits next to Castiel, he can’t spot smiling at his son. Eileen takes her place in front of them. They’re talking about something we don’t hear because the camera follows Sam to the kitchen to help Dean.
Sam hesitates to ask this question, inside he already knows the answer. He already knows that he is going to lose Jack, too.
Everyone approaches their own beer bottle and when they touch "Carry On Wayward Son" begins. Dean sits on his chair, everybody is smiling, they’re drinking and laughing, there’s a close-up of all of them, then after the first 15 seconds of the song we go back to the start.
"Sam, you are not in love with Cas. What are you even talking about? You're straight, you've never even looked sideways at a man before, let alone Cas!" Dean exasperated, he closed his laptop, not needing the distraction of it right now. He was going to get to the bottom of this confession. There was no way that Sam had fallen for Cas, he just couldn't. Sure, he thought, Cas was an attractive man, and Sam was right, he was a good, if not sometimes misguided, person... uh... Angel. And it wasn't like Cas was unlovable... he was very lovable. he just wasn't Sam's kind of lovable, at least not THAT way.
Dean woke with a start, the nauseous feeling settling in his stomach as he sat up and looked around. It looked similar to the dumpy motel room that he fell asleep in, but reversed, and Sam wasn’t anywhere to be seen. He swung his legs over the edge of the bed and rubbed his face, wiping the sleep away.
"Ok, they're ready, now I just need an oven mitt" Darla reached opened the drawer next to the stove and pulled out a mitt for him.
"Cas, you aren't a bother, I enjoy your company." Dean watched as Cas lifted his head, seeing a smile flicker at the corner of his mouth. "Hey, I was going to listen to some music, just to unwind. You wanna listen with me?"
He should be terrified, but nothing in his life had ever felt more right. Dean broke the kiss and once again looked into Cas' eyes. "Cas..."
It took Castiel a moment to realize where he was when he opened his eyes. He was laying alone on the couch with a blanket draped over him. Darla was sitting on the floor in front of the tree staring in awe at the gifts that now surrounded it.
Dean quickly ripped open the foil packet and rolled the condom on, walking back over to Castiel and taking his dick in his own hands stroking it at a slow and steady pace. "You ready for me darlin?"
"Oh God, that was amazing Dean." Jimmy sighed against the older man's sweat slicked chest. "Should we maybe, uh, take this upstairs?" Jimmy said looking from his brother up to Dean "what do you say we give Castiel a little playtime?" Jimmy smirked, looking back at his brother, then reaching out grabbing his cock. "Besides, I think Castiel's poor cock has been so patient. Look, he's weeping, we can't have that now can we?" Jimmy winked and flicked his tongue over the tip of Castiel's cock, gathering the bead of precum that had formed there, causing Castiel to moan. Jimmy gave them both a quick kiss before getting up an running the rest of the way up the stairs and into Dean's room.
Dean excuses himself from the table once more, grabbing his leather jacket as he heads toward the back door once again. He hasn't given himself any time to think about what hes doing, he just needs to look into Castiel's eyes, to feel those full lips against his skin, to hear that rough sex lined voice again. When he opens the door to the back alley he doesn't see him, but suddenly there's warm breath on his ear "Are you ready for the night of your life?" Castiel asks walking past him smacking his ass. Dean's speechless, as he follows him. When he gets to the car Castiel grabs him by the waist pulling him into his body as he leans back against the car. "What's the matter beautiful, cat got your tongue?" he asks him before kissing him deeply.
Dean woke to the sound of a door closing. He slowly blinked as the fog of sleep started to clear his mind. Memories of the night before started to filter into his thoughts and a soft smile spread across his lips. Followed quickly by confusion, this was the room he was sharing with Sam, he looked over at the bed where Sam had slept, it was mussed, but empty. Dean moaned, trying to put everything back together. A horrible thought flickered in his mind... had it all been a dream? Sadness started to build within him, he didnt want it to be a dream. He pushed that aside, if it had been a dream, then he was just going to have to make it a reality. He was about to roll over when he heard the bathroom door open, he propped himself up on his arm and watched as Sam walked out.
Dean paused a moment, the idea really appealed to him, however... "You know guys it's one thing for us to talk down at the store. But you're only, what 16? I don't think it'd be wise for you to hang here."
Dean had had this dream a hundred times before. He was laying next to his beautiful fallen angel. He reached over running his fingers down Cas' back as he slept. Of all the things he liked most about dreams like this, just being able to touch Castiel without hesitation was what he loved the most . To just run his hands over him without the doubt that always crept  into his mind when he looked into Cas' deep ocean blue eyes and the longing he always felt for him intensified. So when he found himself having these dreams he let them happen. His true feelings finally free to be expressed, at least in his mind.
"Dean, I know what you are thinking. I can feel you, I know you. Have you forgotten, I pulled you out of Perdition, I put you back together, I know how you think. I know every part of you. Let me show you that you are still a righteous man, that YOU are perfect." Cas' hand moved from his hip around and slowly slid up his stomach to his chest, pulling Dean back into him.  "I need you... I need to know that I'm needed too, that I'm wanted. I can't stand back and watch you torture yourself, I feel everything you feel, it resonates in me, and the way you feel about yourself, hurts me to my core. Because I KNOW you Dean, you are good, and together, we can and will be amazing. The things we can do if we are together are endless."
Meanwhile Darla sat up on the counter and was trying to find a fun user name for her game, in which she was a penguin. The three of them tossed names back and forth for her to try as Castiel started to remove the cookies to the cooling rack. Dean grabbed the oven mitt and picked up the sheet and brought it over to him, so he didn't have to walk back and forth between the counters. from the outside looking in, Castiel thought that this must look very domestic, and he smiled as a warm feeling rushed over him.
Dean knocks his hand away, catching Cas' eyes with his. "That's mine Cas, as long as I have you like this, you cannot touch. You'll make me jealous, the only pleasure I want you to receive is by my hands..." Dean dips his head back down and takes one of Cas' balls into his mouth, rolls his tongue over it and then pulls his head back, sucking with a loud plop. "or my mouth. Do you understand?" He looks up at Cas again, with a smirk
"Uh, you can just drop me back at the store, I've got to open in the morning anyway." He says quietly, hoping that Dean wont notice the time, which of course he does.
There wasn't a moment's hesitation before Cas' mouth was on Dean's again, with a little more force than the first time, but still tender. This time when Dean opened his mouth he met Cas' tongue with his own and deepened the kiss. A shudder ran through his body as Cas moaned into his mouth and ran his hand into his hair, trying to pull him in even deeper. When they broke the kiss, they both were left gasping for air, foreheads pressed against each other.
"Tempting Cas." Dean said, pulling their bodies apart as he sat up. "But there's much fun to be had in the shower" He slid off the bed and stood, turning to look at Cas over his shoulder. He looked absolutely wrecked hair mussed, beautiful blue eyes wide, lips swollen and red, marks all over his neck and chest, perfect cock laying gloriously on his thigh, legs spread. It was all he could do not to climb back on top of him, his own cock perking with interest again already.
"Well I was thinking it was something that we could maybe try... I've never used any of these before, we don't have to if you don't want." Cas kisses him. "We could just keep doing things like this"
Castiel smiled up at Dean, he slapped his hands away and took the zipper in his teeth, pulling it slowly down. His nose was filled with the musk of Dean's arousal, and then suddenly his cock sprung free, practically slapping Castiel in the face. Castiel's eyes went wide as he stared at it. The pink head already leaking, the long vein popped out looking ready to bust. He slowly liked his lips and looked up at Dean who had his eyes locked on Castiel. "Dean, may I?" he asked in a low voice, running his hands up Dean's thighs, grabbing the waist of his jeans and tugging down slightly to free his ass.
"Ok, baby." Dean pulled back again, his hands going to either side of Cas' face again, Green meeting blue once more. "It's your turn, just let go, I'm gonna take real good care of you." Dean took a step forward, pushing Cas back until the edge of the bed caught his legs. He felt the angel tense up for a moment. "It's ok, I've got you" and Cas fell backwards onto the bed.
Dean shrugged, "I've rented the room for a month, I figured that would give you enough time to look for an apartment, which you should. You can stay here, but in the long run, an apartment will be cheaper for you Cas. I asked, the Gas and Sip is only a couple blocks away, so you can walk to work. I'm gonna go get washed up before getting back on the road."
"Uh, you can just drop me back at the store, I've got to open in the morning anyway." He says quietly, hoping that Dean wont notice the time, which of course he does.
Cas lowered his head, but Dean could see the smile there. He sees Cas' chest heave with a deep breath before he looks back up at him."Would it be alright if I did it again?"
Bobby and Ellen lived outside of town, which meant Dean and Sam had to ride the bus to school. Dean liked to sit near the front, and was more often than not reading a book. He was sitting there when he heard a familiar voice, when he looked up his eyes met familiar blue ones and immediately Dean felt that flutter. Cas smiled knowingly at him, setting Dean's ears on fire. That night, Dean had his first real 'wet dream' and Castiel Novak played the lead role. From then on, any time Cas was around, Dean found himself resisting the very strong urge to make that dream a reality.
"No Cas, it's ok. I'm not really tired, still kind of wound up from the hunt. You are always welcome in my room. Even though I don't understand why you find my room more comfortable, yours is the exact same." Dean sat down on the edge of the bed.
There was only the sound of the engine as they drove, Cas could feel his heart racing. He was torn between wanting to get as far away from Dean as possible and never leaving his side. He watched out the window as they passed houses he didnt recognize, he had no idea which direction they were going in, he doubted that if he had to walk that he would have been able to find his way back to the gas station. He spent most of his time there, and hadn't really wandered far when he wasnt working. But still Nora didnt live that far away, and nothing here looked familiar. Cas glanced at the clock, they had been driving for at least 10 minutes, they should most definitely be there by now.
Castiel swallowed hard and looked over at Dean who was standing in the doorway. "Uh, I don't know sweetie."
"But Dean... I don't under..." Dean cuts him off with another kiss as he turns Cas around so he's under the flow of water. "Oh..." Cas gasps, caught off guard as his body first tenses, then relaxes under the warmth of the spray.
"Dammit Cas, lets just forget all about this... can you please just leave." Dean says taking a step closer to the bed.
Charlie blushes bright red and giggles "is she really checking me out?" she asks as she sneaks a look over her shoulder.
"Cas?" Dean's voice came from a lot closer that it was just a moment ago. Cas looked up, eyes wet despite trying to hold back the tears. Dean looked down at him, his expression morphed from curiosity to concern as he sat on the bed next to him. "Cas, talk to me man"
One night when Dean went into the store, ready for another debate about the movie Castiel had recommended, that was an utter disappointment and to his surprise he came face to face with a young man who at first glance Dean would have almost thought was Castiel, but he was wearing thick rimmed glasses, his eyes weren't as piercing blue, and those were definitely not Castiel's lips. His name tag read "Hello my name is Jimmy" Dean returned his movie and for the first time in months wandered over to the independent film section. As he looked over the selection Jimmy came over to place movies on the wall.
Dean just looks at him in wonder for a moment, then turns to pick up the bag. "Castiel, may I ask one favor of you?"
"what's gotten I to you Cas. I'm sorry man, I was just teasing, seeing what kind of reaction.... " Dean stammered watching the angel advance on him slowly
"That you will be mine, by takin our time." Then Cas leaned in and kissed Dean again, and Dean knew, that this was only the beginning. And Dean was perfectly fine with taking their time, but he had always been Cas'.
"Just lost in thought I guess, did you need something?" Cas asks, he feels a light blush filling his cheeks as he realizes the dull ache he's feeling is his own erection.
A few minutes later, Dean walked out of the bathroom, with one towel wrapped around his waist and another in his hand drying his hair. Cas looked up at him, suddenly uncomfortable. Of course he had seen Dean without a shirt many times, he'd even seen him in just a towel before, but not since he became human. Dean was beautiful, Cas had always thought so, but now his body was reacting very suddenly in a way that he was not used to.
This MAY just be the filthiest thing I have ever written, and I'm kind of nervous about sharing it with ya'll... Please be sure to comment if you like it or think that it could use some work....
"If the boner that was pressing into my leg was any indication, I'd say he's into me." Castiel laughs, earning a disapproving look
Cas slides a hand between Dean's legs wrapping his fingers around his cock, slowly stroking the soft flesh back to attention. Dean's wrist pull against his binds, wanting to flip around and take control. "Too slow Cas... mmmm ... please" Dean begs hitching his hips into Cas' hand before pressing his ass back into his mouth, eager for more.
Castiel bit his lip, holding back a moan "Then you may have me on the kitchen counter" Castiel ran his hand down Dean's chest and let it rest on his hip for a moment, before pushing him backward. "But first, breakfast and spending the morning with Darla." Castiel took back control of his resolve that Dean was very efficiently melting a moment ago. "Now, get out of my kitchen and let me cook."
Dean got off the bed and went to Cas' coat on the floor, searching the pockets. when he finally found the pocket with the lube in it he couldn't help but smile. There were 5 little bottles of it. He looked up at Cas holding them up. "Really Cas? 5 bottles, how long do you plan to be in this room with me?"
Castiel's eyes fluttered at the sensation of Dean's already hard dick pressing against his own. He bit his lip and moaned softly as Dean did it again... And again until Castiel's breath was coming quick and he in turn was grinding himself against Dean. "D... DEAN"  he moaned with lips parted "I need you, please Dean, need you"
Dean bucked his hips into Castiel slowly, moaning and reaching down running his hands through his hair. When he just couldn't take it anymore, he reached up, unbuttoning his jeans, he needed to relieve some of the pressure. His dick was trapped in a denim prison and being tortured by the most gorgeous mouth he'd ever seen. Castiel looked up at him, his face flushed, his lips pink and swollen, and "Fuck Cas, you're so fucking perfect"
"Cas, I... uh..." Dean stammered, not knowing what to say, or even how long Cas may have been standing there. How much had he heard? Dean wasn't sure if he was ready for Cas to know what he had just told Sam. Hell he wasn't sure if HE was ready for what he had just told Sam.
The older him licks at Cas' ear and asks "Which one of us angel?" he asks his voice thick with lust.
When the song ended Cas looked up at Dean, his eyes positively glowing. And, oh my god, Dean thought, were those tears? Dean's eyebrows twisted in question. "Cas, are you ok?" leaning in a little coser, "are you crying?" He reached out and placed his hand on Cas' shoulder.
Dean's body fell backward as he raced toward ecstacy, his hands, still bound together caught on the back of Cas' neck pulling him forward. Cas' hand moved from Dean's hips up to his back holding him as he licked and bit Dean's neck and chest, keeping his rhythm. Dean was falling apart beneath him, and The Angel thought he never looked more beautiful.
Castiel sat up, grabbing a condom from the drawer where he found the lube. He rolled it over his thick hard cock quickly, then slicked it up with more lube, before straddling Dean's thighs. He gently pressed the tip of his dick against Dean's hole, the tip sliding gently in, using his hands to spread Dean's ass cheeks, he slowly slid the rest of the way in. He and Dean both moaned when he bottomed out. Castiel leaned forward, wrapping his arms around Dean's shoulders locking their hands together as he let Dean adjust. When Dean moaned and rotated his hips Castiel began grinding into him, their bodies rocking together, deep dirty moans playing across both their lips.
Cas inched up the bed until their knees met. Dean reached out with one of the ear buds and placed it in Cas' right ear, making sure it was in place. His hand lingering on the side of Cas' face, probably a little longer than was completely necessary. Dean pulled the other bud up to his ear, but the cord was shorter than he thought and he had to lean in a little in order for it to reach. Cas mimicked his movement and their foreheads were less than six inches apart. Dean looked up at Cas, catching his soft gaze, a smile playing at his lips. "Are you ready to listen to some amazing music Cas?"
Castiel chuckled "Yes Dean, again and again, until neither of can even move.... and then we'll do it one more time just for the fun of it." Castiel kissed him deeply, shifting his body to lay more comfortably snuggled against Dean's. They lay their kissing sweetly for a while, when Castiel suddenly remembered... "Pie"
Dean lets out a low groan, "I want you to fuck me Cas." he casts his eyes to the bed briefly before looking back up. "But you're going to have to go slow at first. I've never done this before."
Castiel sighed "Ok" he said, sitting up "Let's go" he pulled Dean with him off the counter and they walked passed their cloths strewn over the floor, there'd be time for them to pick up later. Right now the shower was calling their name.
"I'm sorry, you what!?" Dean asked his voice cracking just a touch, still in shock at Sam's profession of love for the angel.... HIS angel.
When he reached Dean's room he saw the clothes that he had left laying on the bed.  Castiel sat down on the edge of the bed for a moment. Trying to wrap his head around the events of the last 12 hours. When he had stopped by last night, he hadn't thought that he would be still here in the morning, let alone everything else that had happened,  and most certainly not the promise of what was yet to come this day. He felt his heart swell in his chest, he didn't know that this was what he wanted. Dean, yes, of course he wanted Dean. Those feelings had been developing for awhile, but he thought they were purely physical. Dean was a gorgeous specimen, those green eyes and those perfect lips. The way his tongue rested just behind his slightly parted teeth when he smiled...  Oh and those crinkles around his eyes... Not to mention, the man has an amazing ass... Castiel sighed. But these other feelings revolved around Dean as a dad. The way he was when Darla was around, so open and loving. That little girl was his everything, and now he was sharing that part of his life with Castiel. Waking up this morning and sharing in the joys of Christmas morning with them. That was more than he could have hoped for,  and he would be lying if he said he wasn't hoping for many more years of it.
He walked over to his dresser and pulled out clothes, lost in his own thoughts on which music he was going to show Cas first. He could feel the excitement washing over him. There was so much good music out there, so many great bands, so many amazing songs. He was so caught up in trying to figure out where to start in his music library, that he had forgotten that Cas was sleeping right across the room and dropped his towel, before pulling on his sweats. Pulling his tshirt over his head he suddenly remembered he wasnt alone and he whipped his head around catching Cas' wide eyed stare.
Dean sighs softly, a smile pulling his lips before his kisses the angel's again. "The lube Baby, its right beside you, take it and squeeze some on my fingers. "
"It's ok Cas, just let it take you, I've got you." Cas looked down at him. "I'm right here baby, come on, come for me" Dean's hand stroked harder as he once again took the head into his mouth, his tongue flicking over the slit. He reached his other hand down, running it over his testicles and began to tease Cas' tight hole, softly running his fingers over the  opening, slick with Dean's spit. He let a finger slowly press in only getting to the second knuckle before Cas' hips thrust hard, cock swelling before filling Dean's mouth with delicious cum. Dean swallowed, savoring the taste as spurt after spurt filled his mouth. He could feel Cas trembling under him as Dean softly stroked him through his orgasm. When he was finished Dean gently licked him clean, before moving up his body to take his mouth again.
My eyes look down at our hands, a warm feeling flooding through my body, I look up, my blue eyes meeting his green. "Hello Dean" is all I can manage when I finally find my voice, and find myself at the true beginning of the rest of my life.
Dean pulls his head back and once again takes the sight of him in. "Oh Cas, my angel. How did I ever get so lucky"
Leaving Jenny's house he went on his way to his last stop before heading home. It was already dark out and he took a moment to look at the beautiful lights that decorated the houses down the street. He had grown up in this town, and he really loved it dearly. His phone chimed with a text message : "Dean - We're home, just come on up" Castiel smiled and started the car.
When the movie finished Dean sent Darla to her room to get dressed and get her things around to go to her mother's. The moment he heard the door close Dean pulled Castiel in for a kiss. "I just can't get enough of these damn lips Cas."
Castiel didn't have much time to mourn the loss of it though, as soon as it was cleaned, Dean tossed the wet cloth back toward the bathroom and placed both hands on his shoulders beneath the trenchcoat. "Now, as much as I love this damn coat of yours." Dean bit his lip, his green eyes rising to meet Cas'. "It just has to go. It's in my way" and with that he ran his hands over Cas' shoulders and down his arms, shucking the coat as he went.
"That you may have given me too many options here" Dean chuckles turning off the vibrator, placing it back in the box, then sets it on the floor. He climbs on the bed between Cas' legs, running his hands over Cas' thighs.
Cas shifted onto his side facing him, smiling "Never Dean." He ran his lips over the hunter's softly and pulled their bodies closer. "I will never tire of you."
"Dean, I fully appreciate your feelings, but you are young, you have many years left to decide what love really means to you." Castiel stopped as Dean pulled back looking up at him. "Now, I'm not dismissing your feelings, I know you feel strongly. But you have to understand, that you are only 14. You are a ways off from being an adult. I am going to miss you because you are a fun person, and we have great talks. I am sorry if that upsets you more. You can always write to me, we will keep in contact Dean, you may be moving, but that doesn't mean we can't be friends."
"Alright Dean, I will make you a pie, but you have to earn it. How about you rake the leaves in my yard while I make it for you. And that was it, every Sunday Dean was knocking at his door, asking what chores he could help with so that he could have his pie.
"It's good to see you. Meg told me she had hired you to run this place for her. She made a good choice" Castiel says with a side smile as he looked dead into his eyes.
"Please Dean, stop fighting, I'm tired of fighting. I have to fight so much, I don't want to fight this... you. I don't want to fight you, please don't make me fight anymore." Dean sighed, how could he say no, yes he could deny himself for eternity, but how could he deny his angel, his perfect angel, his Cas. Just as he went to speak, he felt Cas place his lips on his neck, just below his ear, and that was it. He couldn't deny this anymore. He couldn't turn from this, he didn't have fight left in him.
Dean moaned as Cas took his tie and loosely bound Dean's wrists together. He kissed him once again before turning his attention south. He grabbed he wet cloth and gently cleaned his cock, rubbing the roughness over the purple head teasingly. Dean squirmed, eliciting  another soft smile from Cas. Once he cleaned the lube off him, he tossed the cloth beside the bed and leaned in, slowly twirling his tongue over Dean's dick.
The other events that had occurred that night, were not brought up by either of them. Though Dean had noticed on more than one occasion subtle changes in Cas' behavior toward him. Oh, there had always been the lingering looks, and the invasion of personal space, what was new was the touching. Cas had been taking every opportunity to touch Dean. It was always subtle, and in no way overtly sexual, but it was happening more often and every time it did, Dean felt an immense warmth wash over him. He tried to show Cas he was open to whatever he may want, but he wasn't sure how to do that without taking charge. Dean had always been the take charge kind of guy when it came to relationships, but he didnt want that with Cas. He was certain that Cas wanted to take their relationship to another level, but he had long decided, that Cas would have to be the one to do that.
Dean couldn't help but chuckle at how new everything was to Cas. From learning to do the simplest tasks, to enjoying the things that so many people took for granted. He made it his personal mission to make sure Cas experienced everything, found himself looking forward to finding new things for Cas to enjoy. Watching Cas' face as he listened to Zeppelin for the first time, had to down right be the best though and the event that followed only slightly had something to do with that.
Dean stopped what he was doing and looked over at him. "Tell you what. You go get in the shower, I saw a Walmart just up the street, I'll go get you some cloths and be back by the time you get done."
Dean eyes caught his and a soft smile spread across his lips. He reached his hands out and cupped Cas' cock and balls, his thumb pressing into his hole. "Ungh.... Cas... you look so beautiful." Dean was up on his knees behind Cas, his right hand working his cock softly as his thumb still dipped into his warm welcoming hole. His other hand ran up Castiel's back, slowly, fingers weaving into Castiel's hair as Dean leaned in closer, laying his body over his. His hard throbbing cock pressing into his left ass cheek. Dean licked and nibbled Cas' ear. "You want me to fuck you Angel?"
Castiel's hands were now wrapped around Dean, pushed below the waistline of his jeans kneading his ass, pulling him in closer. In a smooth motion, after deciding, there were entirely too many layers between them, Castiel moved his hands over Dean's hips, catching the hem of his shirt and running them up the length of his torso, forcing Dean back he pulled the shirt over his head. He took advantage of the situation by leaning forward and taking Dean's nipple into his mouth, at first slowly rolling his tongue over the pink flesh until it was hard, then taking it between his teeth, biting down gently. Dean groaned loudly, grabbing the back of Castiel's head and pulling him in closer holding him there. Castiel opened his mouth wider and succeed hard, running his tongue over the hard nipple until Dean was whimpering. He then moved his mouth to the other, while still tweaking the first with his fingers. It was only after he had reduced Dean to a quivering moaning mess that he moved on, kissing and nibbling his way down his stomach, dropping to his knees before him. He ran his tongue over the skin above the denim waist band, then grabbing Dean's ass and pulling him into his face, Castiel mouthed over the front of his jeans, where Dean's dick was impossibly hard trapped just beneath the denim.
"Really Cas? I think its time we listened to something else. You are so hung up on one song, when theres so much more out there." Dean sighs, taking a hold of Cas' wrist and leads him out of the kitchen.
Not knowing what to do with his hands Cas runs them through his own hair, back arching off the bed as Dean brings him closer to orgasm. The heat pooling in his stomach and he holds onto it, not wanting this to ever stop. Dean leans forward, hips studdering in their slow but hard thrusts. "Let go baby, I've got you.... Come with me" Dean says softly in his ear.
Here he was now, in his hometown, had just spent the afternoon with his dear friend and her family, watching the kids decorate cookies for Santa and chit chatting about what was new in their lives. He couldn't help but smile at the wide eyed innocence of the children completely enthralled in their decorating. He thought back to his own childhood, remembering the joy and wonder that came with this time of year, wondering how and when it had all disappeared for him. Normally this time of year was still magical for him, but for some reason, this year he just couldn't get into the spirit. Everything had seemed like a chore, and he hadn't even decorated his new apartment this year, not a single decoration went up.
" I only asked, because..." Cas' eyes shift away shyly. I was just thinking, that maybe we could..."
Cas doesn't hold back, lettting out the dirtiest moan as he rolls his hips back onto Dean's hand. "Dean!... ungh... more... I ... nnn..need more..... please!"
Castiel chuckled "Yes Dean, again and again, until neither of can even move.... and then we'll do it one more time just for the fun of it." Castiel kissed him deeply, shifting his body to lay more comfortably snuggled against Dean's. They lay their kissing sweetly for a while, when Castiel suddenly remembered... "Pie"
Dean leaned forward, trapping his cock between them as he continued to Grind his hips against Castiel's. His tongue and teeth fighting of the flesh that covered Castiel's chest as he made his way up to his mouth. Teeth biting and then tongue soothing over his bottom lip before thrusting into his mouth and tangling with his own. "Oh god Cas, I'm so close... you feel so good..." Dean murmered against his lips and let out a dirty moan when Castiel thrust his hips up into him for the first time.
After he finished toweling off, he was sure to put the small jar back where he found it,  and he put back on the clothes he borrowed from Dean, forgoing his own boxer briefs.  'They'll just get in the way later' he thought. After returning from the bedroom with a couple small items he placed on the shelf next to the kitchen door, he went to work to finish washing, drying and putting away the dishes. He was washing the last of the pans when he heard the Impala's engine cut off in the driveway. A wave of excitement washed over him, and his dick twitched with anticipation. This was it, Dean was finally going to be his. Castiel forced a calming breath as he dried the last pan and put it away. He turned to hang up the towel and saw Dean standing, face flushed with hungry eyes in the doorway.
Michael stops talking when Sam and Dean finally show up from their “recon". They enter the bunker through the armored door and look at Jack and Michael.
They look around for a while.. there are buildings around them but they are empty, there is no one. Then Chuck arrives.
Chuck fixes his sleeves and punches Sam, then Dean. The two fights alternate: Michael and Lucifer fighting and Chuck hitting Sam and Dean. Chuck unleashes all the pent-up anger at them, he keeps punching and punching, their faces filled with blood. Lucifer hits Michael who ends up on the ground and spits blood from his mouth, then he disappears and reappears behind Lucifer, he turns and dodge Micheal’s punch. In the distance, grey clouds are forming. We return to Chuck, Sam and Dean. Chuck takes Sam by the collar, he’s on his knees and his face and hair are full of his blood. Chuck doesn’t even have a scratch, he head-butted to Sam’s face who falls and tries to get up right away but Chuck presses with his leg on his arm and breaks it, Sam screams.
Meg lowers to take the dagger from the back of the demon. It’s a dagger we’ve never seen before. Sam moves slowly and tries to grab his angel blade in the inside pocket of his jacket.
The demon laughs. Sam has no idea how this conversation is going to end, he hopes that the thing that’s killing the demons will appear.
Just like years ago. From Anna’s hand comes out a blinding light, a strong power that alarms all the monsters. Castiel and Dean crouch, Castiel over Dean, trying to protect him, covering his eyes. In the light, we notice Castiel’s broken wings trying to protect Dean, they’re very faded. All the monsters are swept away by the light, turned to dust. Dean and Castiel open their eyes and get up.
It’s still night. They’re driving back to the bunker. Dean looks at Sam several times, he knows he’s angry with him, for his behavior, for giving up on Castiel. Sam never looks at Dean, he always looks straight in front of him, he looks at the road and nothing else. He’s angry but he decides to try again. One last time.
Dean and Sam approach Castiel. Dean with his angel blade makes a small cut on Cas’ throat, Sam gets closer with a small vial. Castiel’s grace comes out of him and ends up inside the vial. Sam immediately closes it and Dean takes a small piece of cloth that he had in his pocket and presses it on Castiel’s throat with his hand, still looking Meg in the face.
Jack throws the book to the ground in front of Chuck, the book is open but empty, there is nothing written. Chuck browses it but finds no words.
Dean stands up and moves so Meg can see him. His jaw is clenched and Ruby’s old knife is in his hands. Dean gets closer to Meg and Sam.
The scene opens on the Empty, we can’t see anything, then a walking figure appears, it’s Ruby walking in the black space, Ruby is awake. The explosion of Jack woke her up (it was easier to wake her since she had already been awakened by Castiel a few months earlier). She looks around for a few minutes.
Castiel smiles. He loves how Dean can be the best hunter he knows and a super nerd at the same time.
The demons fall to the ground after Lucifer kills them. He wipes his hands between them and looks at the bodies on the ground.
Chuck’s eyes shine when he talks about his new “plan", the destiny he chose and wrote for Sam, Dean, and Jack.
Dean starts the car while Sam picks up his phone. We see an external shot of Baby, Dean maneuvers and returns on the road, then they leave.
Jack tries to call him like he called him once years before, there’s a small part inside of him that hopes Cas will wake up and come back but nothing happens. No response, no sign. Jack lost his power when he exploded in the Empty, no one knows what happened to it.
Dean takes Sam by the arm and together they move away from the battlefield. Castiel arrives at Jack, then lowers to talk to him. He put his hand on his upper back.
Dean winces at Castiel’s name. He’d love to ask Jack to bring him back, but he can’t be selfish, not now that Jack has so much work to do. Dean also knows that God has no power over the Empty and that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to get Castiel back. Jack raises his arm up.
Castiel gets up immediately to go towards him, then the others also get up. Jack greets them as usual, with his right hand raised.
Jack’s worried, like he knows Sam and Dean are hiding something. They say nothing, Dean goes down two steps and finds himself in front of Jack, he puts a hand on his shoulder and looks at him intensely (the scene is similar to when Dean touches Jack after coming back to life in 15x11). Dean looks for approval in Jack’s eyes, then lets him go and climbs the stairs. Sam gives him a sad smile and follows Dean. Sam wanted to give Jack a hug, he doesn’t know how this little "recon" is going to end. Jack feels powerless, it’s not the first time he felt this way, it’s not the first time he loses his power. He feels useless. Sam and Dean get out of the bunker.
Dean swallows and watches the road as he squeezes his hands on the steering wheel. Sam looks at him.
She has a smug look as she speaks, she’s thinking of something that goes well beyond the battle against Chuck. Balthazar and Cas look at each other and then all goes to black.
Their hands are close, almost touching each other. Perhaps at this moment both would like to take the hand of the other. What better way to die? The monsters are getting closer.
Jack’s lying on his bed, looking at the ceiling.. He’s thoughtful, he’s thinking about everything Castiel did for him, he was like a father to him, the figure to take example from. A tear comes down from his cheek, he gets up and sits on the bed.
Abbadon ends up killing a monster, she looks around. She seems scared, we understand she decided to leave the battlefield. She turns to go away but finds Zachariah in front of her.
Michael tries to hurt Lucifer with the archangel blade, Lucifer moves to the right but not far enough because he is still wounded and the wound emanates white light. Lucifer head-butted Micheal across his face making shake the bunker. Michael steps back and down the steps. Then his eyes light up, he throws again his powers against Lucifer who, since he’s wounded, can not dodge. Then Michael also throws the archangel blade at Lucifer but he manages to escape before the dagger stabs him. The dagger falls to the ground, as well as the book he used to hold in his hands. Lucifer is gone. Jack still feels weird, he’s looking at Sam and Dean and we fade to black.
Dean hits the steering wheel with his hands. It’s the first emotion he’s expressed since they’ve been driving.
Eileen was hiding the whole time. Meg turns to look at her, Eileen presses her bloody hand against the seal she had drawn on the barn wall just before. As for the angels, the Empty screams and it is swept away by a strong light. With the angel blade that Sam had given Eileen at the beginning she cut her hand to draw the seal. Meg’s gone even if they don’t know for how long.
Dean doesn’t say anything, just takes Sam’s shoulder with one hand and approaches him to hug him. Sam hugs Dean back and smiles. They stay a few seconds in silence. Then they separate.
Chuck has the usual cheeky smile on his face. Sam and Dean look at each other, then Dean stands up and positions next to Sam.
The scene opens with a close-up on a guy lying on the ground with his eyes closed. A beam of light enters through the window. The place is abandoned, the walls and the floor are gray and full of dust and there are some broken furniture. The boy starts to wake up. He does, sits down and touches his head that hurts, his hand is stained with blood, there’s even a stain on the floor, maybe he hit his head. He’s terrified. He looks around to see if he’s alone and instantly there’s a black screen.
Chuck points his arm at him and grabs Sam by the throat, with his powers lifting Sam, he had a blade in his hands to hit Chuck.
Dean looks at Sam again, he’s sorry that Sam got hurt and he couldn’t protect him. He’s still his older brother. Dean nods to Sam, then closes his eyes for a few seconds.
Jack smiles. A tear lines Sam’s cheek, Dean’s been holding back ever since the Empty took everyone back. Jack turns and walks until he dissolves like light in the air and
Dean is angry. He’s angry at himself. He could have said something, anything, but there was so much to process, so much to realize and understand, even within himself.
Sam smiles at Eileen returning to work on his computer. Then Dean enters in the room and heads towards Sam.
Dean finally looks at Sam. Dean doesn’t answer, he turns around and goes to his room after he picks up the bottle of beer he put on the table before. Sam passes a hand on his forehead and leans on a chair to support himself. From the other room comes Eileen, she realized that the discussion did not go well. She approaches Sam, takes his hand while he hugs her. Sam rests his chin on Eileen’s head who closes her eyes due contact with Sam. They are silent. We see a more general shot of the bunker.
Dean sits back to admire his work as Cas moans, his nipples hard dark red little nubs. He picks up the long white feather and slowly drags it over the tip of his sensitive nipples. he watches Cas' body shiver and shake as goosebumps spread across his skin. Dean smiles "mmmm... quivering already, and I'm just getting started" he says as he picks up the riding crop, snapping the leather tip across Cas' right nipple, while still tickling the left with the feather.
Dean shifted his leg between Cas' and let out a throaty chuckle at the realization that their torsos were stuck together. "MMmm ... Cas..." he said breaking their kiss. "I think maybe we should move this to the bathroom, and clean up a little."
"D...Dean....ungh" Castiel whimpered "n... Nn ... need you... Please Dean..." he begged, hitching his hips to meet Dean's thrusting fingers.
"By watch a movie, do you mean make out like horny teenagers?" Castiel quipped, then bit his lip, shocked that he had actually said it.
Castiel's fingers dug into Dean's hips as he tried to hold on. Dean was pounding himself on top of him, his own cock bouncing between their stomachs with loud a loud slap every time it hit. His head was thrown back in complete ecstacy, Castiel had never seen a sight so beautiful in his entire life.
Cas adds more saliva to his fingers as he presses a third into him. Dean presses back into him greedily as Cas slowly pushes his fingers in and out of his stretched hole.
Dean moans Cas' name as his hips hitch into his touch, needing more. He runs his hand up into Cas' hair pulling slightly "bedroom?" he asks as Cas looks up at him, his blue eyes almost black with lust. Cas smiles devilishly, kissing him. They make their way down the hall, losing pieces of clothing as they do.
Dean inhaled deeply, turned away and took a step back toward the bed. Running his hands through his hair, he braced himself for what was coming next. He had been waiting for this, waiting for Cas to confront him. It had been getting harder for Dean to keep his emotions in check lately. He had allowed himself to entertain thoughts about Cas when he was alone, imagining their long looks turning to looks of longing, a touch of comfort turning to want and desire. And he knew there had been times when these thoughts flickered to the front of his mind when Cas would stand close to him. When Dean would get a strong whiff of the angel's musk, but he had tried to shove them down just as quickly as they arose. He was afraid that Cas might be able to sense it, sense the way he made Dean feel, and he was determined not to let him. He was going to put this down, was going to explain to Cas that it was nothing, just some random thought, that it meant nothing.
"Cas? I want to touch you..." Dean says, his eyes pleading as his fingers unbuckle his belt and then move to his pants opening them slowly. Cas casts his eyes down, afraid if he looks at Dean whatever spell has been cast will break. Dean's finger hooks under his chin lifting his face, green meeting blue with burning passion. "Can I touch you?" he asks, and Cas simply nods his head. "Tell me Cas, can I touch you?"
Dean decides he simply cannot take any more of the slow torture. He sits up, pulling away from Cas as he grabs the fallen angel and pulls him up onto the bed laying him flat. Dean kisses him hard before trailing his lips down Cas' body. He swirls his tongue around Cas' delicious cock getting him nice and wet before positioning himself on top of him once again. He looks into Cas' eyes as he slowly lowers himself down onto Cas' dick. He moves slow, adjusting to the intrusion, and is soon sitting flush with Cas' hips. He lets go of the breath he was holding with a low moan. "mmm... feels better than I ever dreamed Cas" he says leaning forward taking the fallen angels lips with his as he starts to slowly rock his hips into him. Cas slides his tongue into his mouth as he runs his hands over Dean's thighs up to his hips holding tight as Dean's pace started to pick up. He let out a low moan into his mouth as Dean lifts up and slammed back down.
"She is, and I am sure if you were to walk over there right now..." Dean begins, unable to finish his sentence as Charlie had already stood and was making her way over to the bar.
Dean lets him have his moment before pulling back, his hands sliding over his smooth body gripping his hips once again as he takes his cock into his mouth, sucking it deep into his throat.
He pulled away, letting Dean's cock go, it was sticking straight up, laying against his stomach. Cas turned around and was down on his hands and knees, ass sticking straight up in the air in front of Dean. "Dean, now! I need you in me now!" He demanded voice rough, breathing ragged. When he didnt feel Dean move, he turned his head back and looked at him. He was just sitting there, staring at Cas, at a complete loss of words. "Dean...?" this time it was a plea, he felt like he was going to burst if Dean didnt touch him soon.
Dean took him by the hand leading him to the stairs, he paused and looked back at the scattered books and papers, he chuckled softly "Man, Sam's gonna be pissed when he sees this mess."
"Rules are rules" Dean said with a shrug, leaning in and placing a soft kiss on Castiel's lips. His lips were warm and he smelled of coffee, and all Castiel could think was just how amazing this day was shaping up to be.
Cas does as Dean tells him, his orgasms ripping wildly through his body. "UNGH OH DEAN!!!" He cries out as his cock spurts thick white streaks across their stomachs, he screams Dean's name again as Dean thrusts hard into him, moaning and releasing his own load deep inside Cas.
"ready to play a little game?" Dean asks as he pulls the panties down just far enough to expose the full length of his hard cock.
"I.. I'm sorry Dean.... I.. I'll try" Castiel stuttered, pushing himself gently into Dean's body once more before turning away continuing down the hall.
"Ok Cas, movie club once a week, but we absolutely cannot do this" he pointed around the room and at the bed "again, not until you turn 18."
The church service was not as intolerable as Castiel had thought it may be. Not with Dean sitting next to him, and Darla was too cute for words standing up front singing her little heart out. Still he couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief when they walked out of the church.
Meanwhile Darla sat up on the counter and was trying to find a fun user name for her game, in which she was a penguin. The three of them tossed names back and forth for her to try as Castiel started to remove the cookies to the cooling rack. Dean grabbed the oven mitt and picked up the sheet and brought it over to him, so he didn't have to walk back and forth between the counters. from the outside looking in, Castiel thought that this must look very domestic, and he smiled as a warm feeling rushed over him.
"Just... Cas, can you please leave? I can't..." Dean huffs a loud sigh as he finally looks back at Cas. "Yes"
Jimmy didnt even need to think, he walked over to another shelf and grabbed the movie. He started to bring it to Dean for approval.
"Gee Cas, how did you know she liked those books? they are two of her favorite series. What did you do go to the library and check her records?" Dean chuckled.
He let out another little moan as his hips began moving, slowly in small circles to start, but soon he was lifting his hips up and slamming them back down, spearing himself on Castiel's cock so hard and fast Castiel nearly forgot how to breathe. Dean's soft moans turned into needy desperate ones as he pushed Castiel down onto his back and rode him at a full gallop.
"You should just go for it Dean." Jo said, holding a strawberry wine cooler in her hand. She was wearing a cute floral dress and he had helped straighten her beautiful long blonde hair. Her cheeks were turning a little more pink with every sip she took from the bottle.
Dean just looked at him, not knowing what to say. Sam smiled again as he walked to the stairs, pausing a moment he looked back at Dean "I'm glad that you've finally come to realize what I've known for years. Don't hide any more Dean. You deserve to be happy."
"By watch a movie, do you mean make out like horny teenagers?" Castiel quipped, then bit his lip, shocked that he had actually said it.
"Right, thats what I want for Darla.I asked her if she wanted to go and she did. There's been a couple times when she didn't feel like it and we didn't and if it ever gets to the point where she doesn't want to anymore, we won't. But for now she likes it."
"Really Castiel, I know you and I know what this was all about. The ice is broken, look at him, he wants you, take him, he's all yours." When Jimmy reached the door he turned back once more "And bro, be sure to make him scream your name" with a wink he left the room and make his way downstairs, leaving Castiel sitting at the head of the bed, while Dean was still laying, ass up at the foot.
"Dean, I fully appreciate your feelings, but you are young, you have many years left to decide what love really means to you." Castiel stopped as Dean pulled back looking up at him. "Now, I'm not dismissing your feelings, I know you feel strongly. But you have to understand, that you are only 14. You are a ways off from being an adult. I am going to miss you because you are a fun person, and we have great talks. I am sorry if that upsets you more. You can always write to me, we will keep in contact Dean, you may be moving, but that doesn't mean we can't be friends."
"I can't help it Cas, after that kiss last night, this is all I can think of, especially because you are right here. " Dean said grabbing Castiel's ass with both hands and pulling him in again.
"Yea, we did, at my sisters on Saturday. It was nice, but I've been having a hard time getting into the spirit this year. I don't know why, just really not feeling it, I mean, I didn't even decorate." Castiel said softly, looking down at the counter top, swirling his finger around the pebble design.
Castiel pulled his bottom lip in between his teeth and nodded "Ok Dean, I'll stay" Castiel was half way down the hallway when he felt a hand on his shoulder that stopped him and turned him around. Before he could even process what was happening Dean pressed his entire body up against him, their mouths colliding and then moving together gently.
Castiel only had a brief second to take in the sight before he was suddenly shoved back into the house and up against the wall. Dean's hard body pressing up against him, one leg slotted between Castiel's thighs, his face mere inches from his face. "I'm ready for my grown up kiss now Mr. Novak." Dean smiled before crushing his lips into Castiel's mouth, his tongue running along his lips until Castiel parts them giving in and letting Dean lay full claim on him.
"I'm not leaving you like this, at least let me walk you home" I say to him, and he finally gives in. He mumbles something about living 'just over there' motioning vaguely down the street. I pull out his wallet and check for an address and am happy when I find he doesn't live far. After a bit of convincing, I get him back on his feet and help him to his apartment building.
Cas fills Dean's mouth with a cry, thrusting his hips upward, his cock hitting the back of Dean's throat as hot salty cum pours out of him.
Two weeks later and  I still felt bad just leaving him there alone, but I wasn't sure how he'd feel with some random stranger sleeping on his couch. In hind sight, I should have at least left a note. He's all I can think about lately, I'm not sure if it's some kind of hero complex or what, but there's a part of me that just wants to know he's alright. My sister thinks I should just show up at his apartment and explain, but how weird would that be? 'Oh, hi, I helped you home after you were beaten and left in an alley, but was too shy to leave a note, and now here I am stalking you because I want to know you're alright, and think you're really cute.' I can just see how that would go over, he'd probably laugh in my face.
"Thank you." Castiel threw back the blanket and stood, coming face to face with Dean, he felt the blood rushing to his cheeks and ears and he swallowed hard. God he was so beautiful.
Cas stood frozen by the door for a long while before moving further into the room. It was small, but clean. There was a small couch on the far side of the room and a small dresser as well with a tv on top. By the window to the right of the door, there was a table with two chairs. To the left of the door there was a small nook with a very small stove, a refrigerator that sat on top of a cupboard in the corner, and a single basin sink, sunk into the small counter top. Cas ventured into the room and sat on the edge of the bed and waited for Dean.
Here he was now, in his hometown, had just spent the afternoon with his dear friend and her family, watching the kids decorate cookies for Santa and chit chatting about what was new in their lives. He couldn't help but smile at the wide eyed innocence of the children completely enthralled in their decorating. He thought back to his own childhood, remembering the joy and wonder that came with this time of year, wondering how and when it had all disappeared for him. Normally this time of year was still magical for him, but for some reason, this year he just couldn't get into the spirit. Everything had seemed like a chore, and he hadn't even decorated his new apartment this year, not a single decoration went up.
The other events that had occurred that night, were not brought up by either of them. Though Dean had noticed on more than one occasion subtle changes in Cas' behavior toward him. Oh, there had always been the lingering looks, and the invasion of personal space, what was new was the touching. Cas had been taking every opportunity to touch Dean. It was always subtle, and in no way overtly sexual, but it was happening more often and every time it did, Dean felt an immense warmth wash over him. He tried to show Cas he was open to whatever he may want, but he wasn't sure how to do that without taking charge. Dean had always been the take charge kind of guy when it came to relationships, but he didnt want that with Cas. He was certain that Cas wanted to take their relationship to another level, but he had long decided, that Cas would have to be the one to do that.
When it came to his feelings for the angel who called himself Castiel, it was never even a question for Dean Winchester.  It was instantaneous, he didn’t have to think about it, it was just there, those feelings, the emotion, the connection, it just was. What did come into question for Dean was that he didn’t believe he was worthy of Cas’ love, the devotion that the angel seemed to give so willingly, Dean felt he didn’t deserve that. Cas was too perfect, he was too pure, and Dean felt he would just muddy that, and he would never be able to forgive himself if that happened.
He lifted his hands up and grabbed Cas' wrists and moved them forward, up above his head and leaned down, taking claim on Cas' mouth once more. "Keep your hands here." he said pulling back once again, then leaned in and bit his bottom lip, before once more moving down Cas' body.
Castiel's hands were now wrapped around Dean, pushed below the waistline of his jeans kneading his ass, pulling him in closer. In a smooth motion, after deciding, there were entirely too many layers between them, Castiel moved his hands over Dean's hips,  catching the hem of his shirt and running them up the length of his torso, forcing Dean back he pulled the shirt over his head. He took advantage of the situation by leaning forward and taking Dean's nipple into his mouth, at first slowly rolling his tongue over the pink flesh until it was hard, then taking it between his teeth, biting down gently. Dean groaned loudly, grabbing the back of Castiel's head and pulling him in closer holding him there. Castiel opened his mouth wider and succeed hard, running his tongue over the hard nipple until Dean was whimpering. He then moved his mouth to the other,  while still tweaking the first with his fingers. It was only after he had reduced Dean to a quivering moaning mess that he moved on, kissing and nibbling his way down his stomach, dropping to his knees before him. He ran his tongue over the skin above the denim waist band, then grabbing Dean's ass and pulling him into his face, Castiel mouthed over the front of his jeans, where Dean's dick was impossibly hard trapped just beneath the denim.
"yes Dean" Cas said softly "it feels very good when you touch my wings, but I... " he looked up at Dean again "I don't want there to be any confusion about how I feel about you, and how you make me feel." He took a step closing the distance between them.  "and I want to give you the same kind of pleasure Dean."
"Ok Cas, we'll stick to Zeppelin, since you obviously already like them." Dean sits up on the bed against the headboard and presses the shuffle button on the remote. Robert Plant's voice comes through the speakers, and Dean can hardly believe it. "And if I say to you tomorrow. Take my hand, child, come with me."
"Cas... Ngh" Dean grunted as he quickened his pace, slamming his dick as deep and hard as he could into Castiel. The kitchen was filled with echoes of slapping skin and moans from them both. "Oh god baby, you feel so fucking good Cas. God it's like you were made for me. Oh.... Ngh.... OH Cas!" Dean's breath hitched as he raced closer to his orgasm, he could feel Castiel's cock trapped between their stomachs, sliding, slicked with precum, Dean was about to feel guilty about neglecting it when he felt Castiel tighten around him and suddenly there was a lot more moisture between them.
Dean chuckles, "I love it when you're needy." His tongue flicks at his slit, gathering the leaking precum, "mmmm.. and so close already too." he says before swallowing him down one again, working his mouth over Cas' hard cock, twisting and turning as his head bobs up and down.
Today was going to be the day, Dean just felt it. He immediately wove his fingers into the feathers, and grabbed ahold of his wing, running his hand, massaging the warm hard bone that was there. He was so lost in the feeling he was getting just from touching them that he almost missed it. Castiel moaned softly, turning to give Dean a look of warning. This was the first time he'd gotten that reaction, hell this was the first time he'd gotten any kind of reaction. Dean didn't relent, he pushed his other hand into the feathers, massaging and teasing the wings, elating in the way they began to tremble. This time the moan was louder and Dean couldn't help but smile.
"Here, Dean. This is where I want you." His hips rotated upward again as he moaned "Right.... Here" he gasped licking Dean's swollen lips.
This pie was different though, this pie was a going away pie. John had gotten a really good job offer and the family was moving away. Castiel was sad, he was going to miss the Winchesters, he had become pretty good friends with John and Mary, and of course he was going to miss Dean coming over and begging for his pie.
Dean stood frozen as he took in the sight of Cas, he swallows again before finding his voice, finally speaking "You're a fucking vision Cas"
He tried peaking in the window, then chided himself, turning away, meaning to walk far far away, maybe take a cold shower, when he heard his name. He froze, slowly turning around looking at the cabin, thinking he had been busted, but he didn't see Cas anywhere. Then he heard his name again and hearing Cas moaning his name, sent blood straight to his cock. He crept closer to the house listening intently, Cas' moans getting louder. He walked up onto the little porch, and was trying to peak in the window on the door when it pushed open. Dean looked around to see if anyone was watching before he slid into the warm cabin closing the door behind him. The air hung heavy with a smoke. He followed the sounds of Cas' moans down the hall where the bedroom door was open just a crack. He slowly moves closer, reaching his hand out to the door, hearing Cas moan his name again. He pushes it open and sees Cas shoved up against the wall, wearing nothing but the loose blue shirt he had been wearing earlier, he looks at Dean and smiles, that loose easy smile that his own Cas never gave him. "I knew that weed was good, but I never imagined it'd be this good." he said slowly. The blonde man, who was balls deep in the former angel, turned his head and Dean locked eyes with his future self.
"Well, he and Balthazar do spend a lot of time together." Jo says "And last weekend, I heard Gwen saying that she caught the two of them together under the bleachers at the football game." She says as her cheeks turn bright red "Castiel had grass stains on his knees and Balthazar's zipper was undone."
Cas sat up and grabbed him by the shoulder. "Like hell you will" he growled and pulled him down on top of him, their bodies lining up perfectly with each other. Cas wrapped his leg around Dean, holding him in place and he rutted up against him, looking for friction. His mouth searching out Dean's frantically, kissing him so deeply making Dean's head swim. He melted forward into Cas' firm body, and let him take control for a moment.
The blue eyed man smiled, "I get off in a half hour. Think you can put up with the old creep until then? I promise I can show you a better time than he will." He ran his tongue over the shell of Dean's ear sending a shutter through his body. Dean bit his lip and nodded his head. "good, watch for me by the kitchen door, I'll give you a wave when I'm leaving and you can meet me out back." He pressed his lips against Dean's neck biting gently, "I'm gonna make you feel so good." he said grinding his hips against Dean's. He nipped at his lip before opening the door to go back inside. "Name's Castiel by the way" he said over his shoulder before disappearing behind another door inside. Dean stood shocked, and excited... and he didn't care that Sammy was going to get suspended, he wasn't letting this blue eyed angel get away.
I stared at my phone unsure of what was happening until I felt a hand on my shoulder. My heart leaps as he says my name, I look up at the most beautiful man I will ever know.
The cool night air hit me and filled my lungs as a breathed a sigh of relief to be away from the constant thrumming inside the establishment. I turned the corner, decided to walk the three blocks home rather than hailing a cab. A block and a half later I hear yelling coming from one of the alley-ways, before I get there I see three guys running out and down the street. I walk slowly, peering down the dark  alley  I see a figure laying on the ground and hear a pained moan.
Castiel pulled his mouth free, running his tongue along the underside of Dean's hard wet member, swirling it around the top before flicking it along the underside of the head. Dean's eyes were lust blown as he looked down at Cas, watching him as his tongue eagerly gathered the precum that was now leaking out of him. Castiel moaned at the salty flavor of Dean, his tongue flicking back across the slit in search of more. He pressed his lips together and kissed the head of Dean's dick, like it was something precious, because to him it was. All of Dean was precious, and he was so happy to see that Dean was enjoying this as much as he was.
So ever since I watched Season 9 episode 6 "Heaven Can't Wait" for the first time I wondered something... What happens between the scene where Dean and Cas are leaving Nora's house after defeating Ephraim, and the next scene where Dean is dropping Cas off at the Gas and Sip.
"One of these days you're going to have to tell me what you saw when you visited the future" the hand moves over his face.
"You looked so peaceful, I didnt want to wake you, and I didnt want you to get cold. I figured I'd stay a while, didn't want to just head out without saying goodbye." Dean sat up on the couch and stretched a little.
"it's ok Cas, you dont have to say anything. I'm not even sure what to do with this information. I mean, yea, obviously I .... Shit! this is hard, Cas. These chick flick moments aren't my forte" Dean ran a hand through his hair, scruffing the back of his neck.
Castiel's heart leapt in his chest, he really had no interest in the whole church thing, but if it meant he got to spend more time with Dean, and Darla of course, then he would suffer through it. "I'd love to Dean." Castiel smiled.
"Patience tiger. Don't you worry, I'm gonna take real good care of you" He says sliding a finger into Dean's hole, causing his breath to catch. He hooks his finger rubbing it slowly over his prostate, eliciting the most beautiful whimpering noises from Dean as he does it over and over before pushing in another finger. Dean's cock is fully hard in Cas' hand as he starts pumping harder as he thrusts his fingers in his ass, stretching him, adding a third finger. Dean throws his head back gasping "p..please Cas" he begs. Cas pulls his fingers out suddenly, leaving Dean's ass gaping. He walks over to his dresser opening a drawer rummaging around a little before pulling out a thick black cock ring, a bottle of lube and a couple condoms. He turns around looking at Dean bound on his bed and his cock twitches. He knew he was going to look beautiful laid out on his bed, but god damn, this boy was sent to him straight from heaven.
"have you finished your daily list?" She asks as she turned from the desk with the paper she was looking for in her hand.
"Cas, I ... " Dean sighed heavily "I... ah fuck it" He said finally before closing the last inches between them, firmly planting his lips over the angel's, in a wet kiss. Dean felt Cas' lips move under his, parting gently as he moaned, and he couldn't help the smile that spread across his lips as he pulled back.
Cas smiles climbing on the bed with him. "That makes two of us." He leans in kissing him deeply, running his hands over Dean's firm body, wrapping his fingers around his cock, stroking gently. He slowly kisses down Dean's jawline and over his chest. Savoring the taste of him and the soft noises he's making as he works his way down. He looks up at Dean as he reaches his cock, Dean's green eyes are staring down at him as he slowly runs his tongue over the tip. When Dean moans above him Cas' opens his mouth taking his full length in, Dean grabs a fist full of his hair crying out his name as he bobs his head up and down of Dean's length.
When the kiss broke, they both stood there, panting heavily, pink flushing their cheeks. "Damn, Cas, where the hell did you learn to kiss like that?"
"You alright Dean?" Castiel asks, a faint smirk playing across his lips "I think maybe you shouldn't have had that fourth whiskey.
Darla saw Dean at the door way and bounded toward him "Daddy! Daddy! Look! Santa came! And Castiel stayed over too! This is the best Christmas day ever! Can we open our gifts?" she said pulling at his t-shirt guiding him toward the tree.
Dean grabs Cas' shoulder flipping him around, his chest slamming into the wall and even though Cas has turned his head to the side, he cannot see Dean behind him, can no longer feel his touch. "Don't move" Dean growls as he tries turning his head more, a chill of anticipation running through his body. It seems like an eternity before he hears anything, and when he does, its the unmistakable click of a bottle being opened. Cas bites his lip to hold back the moan that builds in him. Another eternity passes as Cas waits the 30 seconds for Dean to touch him, and when he does Cas can no longer hold in the moan. Dean's cool, lube slicked fingers run over his opening, pushing into him with ease. Cas' body adjusts to the intrusion quickly, his ass pushing back onto his fingers greedily in no time. Which only serves to elicit a delicious laugh from Dean in his ear. Cas whimpers at the sudden loss of Dean's fingers, but doesn't have to wait long before he feels the hand one hand on his hip pulling him back, as the other hand pushes down on his back so he's braced against the wall with his ass sticking out. Cas once again tries to look back at Dean and feels a harsh smack on his ass when he does. A surge of pleasure and pain runs through his body and he's not sure how he's able to keep standing as his knees wobble. Suddenly Dean's touch is gone again, but before he can protest, Cas feels the tip of Dean's cock pressing into him, and nothing else in the world matters except this. The light burning pinch of his puckered hole stretching around Dean's thick cock sends chills through his body, and its too much and not enough all at the same time. He doesn't realize he isn't breathing until Dean slides all the way into him and he lets the air that's burning in his lungs out. Dean holds himself still, his thick cock filling him completely, but when Cas rolls his hips, Dean sets a brutal pace. Thrusting in and out of him with such force that Cas' fingers grasp at the wall for purchase, his chest slamming into the wall over and over. The hand on his hip grips him tightly, and Cas smiles knowing there will be bruises left for him to admire. Dean's other hand moves up his back into his hair, pulling his head back, his mouth licking and sucking on Cas' ear as he pants heavily. "Cas" Dean's ragged voice says as he almost viciously fucks him against the wall, making him bite his lip holding onto his orgasm. "Cas" he hears again, the passion leaving his voice, being replaced with concern and a hint of irritation. "CAS!"
"Every day for the last 6 years I have wanted you like this." Dean said before kneeling between Castiel's legs as he scooted fully onto the bed. "The only problem is,  I don't know if I just want to quickly fuck you,  or if I want to take my time." Dean scraped his teeth gently over Castiel's collar bone,  causing him to suck a quick breath through his teeth. "I bet you make the most beautiful noises." Dean said as he ran his tongue over the now red flesh. "I can't wait to hear them all"
"yea." he says wrapping his arms around the other body that shares his bed. "that's the third time this week"
There was something more intense about this dream than the other's he'd had before. Something more solid to the feeling of Cas next to him, the way his breath came faster as Dean continued to stroke his cock, his hips hitching into his touch. Cas moaned and Dean felt it vibrate through his body, causing him to shudder. That hadn't happened before, and he liked it. He moved his body, rolling Cas to his back as he continued to stroke him, sliding his leg over Cas' and griding into Cas' thigh. He peppered soft kisses and gentle nibbles over Cas' neck and down his collarbone. He dipped his head a little lower taking his nipple into his mouth and Cas' moaned again, a dirty little moan that if Dean wasn't already rock hard, would have made him so in an instant. Dean nibbled lightly on his nipple before sliding his body over Cas', stradling his waist, rubbing their cocks together. He slid his hips forward reaching behind him to hold Cas' cock in place. The beauty of dreams was no prep was needed, things just happened, Dean pressed the head of Cas' cock against his ass and felt the burn of the stretch and resistance. His breath caught as he looked down at Cas' beautiful blue eyes, wide looking up at him. It was in that moment Dean realized, this was no dream.
"Cas, I need you too." Dean said breaking the kiss. His tongue flicked over his lips as he caught Cas' curious gaze. "I heard you in the shower earlier. God Cas, do you have any idea the effect you have on me." Dean rotated his hips, grinding his trapped erection into Cas' thigh, a moan escaping both their lips as he did. "Its overwhelming, I never thought you'd want me like this. Hell, part of me thinks I fell asleep on the couch over there and this is all a dream." He ran his hands down Cas' back and grabbed his ass, pulling him forcefully into his body, and another moan escaped them both.
Dean bit his lip, glancing down shyly before his eyes looked back at Castiel. "Yes. I told you I've been waiting for this for 6 years. I've never wanted to be with anyone but you. You don't have to be afraid of hurting me though. I have toys, so I know what to expect. But you are the first person I've been with. I've been waiting for you Cas. I only ever want you." Dean placed a soft kiss on Castiel's lips. "Don't make me wait any longer Cas. 6 years is a long time, I need you.... I need you inside me" Dean pressed his mouth into Castiel's again and started lowering himself down again.
Dean chuckled "No worries Cas, I've got plenty." Dean shifted, Pulling first himself and then Castiel up. "Now I do believe you promised me a proper fucking... what do you say we get to that?" He winked and headed up the stairs. When he reached his room, Jimmy was laying on the bed, spread out, his skin still sweaty and flushed his eyes closed. "What's the matter Jimmy, are you a little tired after all the riding?" Dean teased walking up to the end of the bed.
"mmmm.... Dean... I like Dean" Cas says in his low sexy voice sending chills through his body. "So tell me Dean, what would you like me to do to you tonight?"
"How else would I be able to give you these" He smiled, looking down at Darla who was playing on her cell phone.
"Yea. Growing up we went to church. My family wasn't super religious, but we went on christmas. I just thought that I should at least give Darla he opportunity to see what it's all about." Dean explained.
Dean lets out a moan, nodding his head in agreement as Castiel opens the car door, letting him slid in.
She nods and he goes back to his seat as her eyes quickly scan over his carefully written words. She raises her eyes to look at him and Dean swears the whole class can hear his heart beating inside his chest as she begins reading from the page.
Dean's eyes lit up. "I can't believe you made me forget pie. I knew you would be good, but damn!" Dean smiled. "Lets get washed up and maybe grab a slice... before..." he winked at Castiel, making him blush and smile.
"Alright Dean, I will make you a pie, but you have to earn it. How about you rake the leaves in my yard while I make it for you. And that was it, every Sunday Dean was knocking at his door, asking what chores he could help with so that he could have his pie.
"Well something's got your panties in a bunch." She chuckles playing with her napkin, very obviously resisting the urge to look over at the bar.
Castiel stood back up and faced Dean, who held his arms out to him and pulled him into a hug. It took Castiel by surprise, they had never hugged before. Castiel relaxed a little into Dean's embrace and took a deep breath, breathing in the subtle smell of his after shave. Before he realized what he was doing he let out a soft sigh, and then suddenly embarrassed, he let go of Dean and took a step back.
Dean chuckled "Yea he did, gotta say it wasn't one of my favorites. Do you have any recommendations? Cas usually has something picked for me, so I'm at a bit of a loss without him here tonight." Dean almost felt pathetic, like he couldn't pick out his own movies.
Castiel spent the morning tidying up the house and then the afternoon preparing an apple (of course he remembered) pie for Dean, all the while thinking fondly on the time he had spent with the Winchesters as neighbors. And all the times Dean would come over and help him around the house in order to get his pie. Sweet adorable little Dean Winchester, only Castiel guessed that he probably wasn't little anymore. It had been nearly 6 years since the Winchesters moved. Castiel thought about it, Dean would now be nearly the same age he was when he had moved to Lawrence. That thought right there had occurred to him as the timer went off and he went to the oven, removing the pie just as the knock came at the door.
"Dammit Cas, lets just forget all about this... can you please just leave." Dean says taking a step closer to the bed.
Cas strains against the cuffs and cries out Deans name again. "Oh--f-ff--fuck! " his cock planted firmly down Dean's throat as he moans, sending shivers through Cas' body. "W--wait--WAIT" he cries out and Dean pulls back, Cas' body trembling beneath him. He watches with wonder as Cas' cock releases a steady stream of clear pre-cum, his breathing ragged as he strains against the cuffs holding his wrists.
Dean let out a low groan, "Ungh, Cas" as his hips jerked up at the thought. "You gonna ride me like a stallion Cas? Ride me so hard til I break?" Cas moved back rubbing his ass against Dean's cock."Oh Fuck Cas! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! I need to be inside you now!"
Castiel set the pie on the stove and walked to the door to let Dean in. He was taken back when Dean looked up at him with tears in those green eyes. "Everything ok Dean?"
"Every day for the last 6 years I have wanted you like this." Dean said before kneeling between Castiel's legs as he scooted fully onto the bed. "The only problem is,  I don't know if I just want to quickly fuck you,  or if I want to take my time." Dean scraped his teeth gently over Castiel's collar bone,  causing him to suck a quick breath through his teeth. "I bet you make the most beautiful noises." Dean said as he ran his tongue over the now red flesh. "I can't wait to hear them all"
Dean's movement was quick when he pulled away, Castiel's mouth chasing the skin as it moved. Dean took Castiel's hand and quickly slurped two of his fingers into his mouth, getting them nice and wet before pulling them out. "I want you in me Cas. I need you to be in me please!" Dean turned, kneeling forward with ass toward him, he took Castiel's wet fingers and pressed them against his opening. The moan that escaped him was so dirty that if Castiel hadn't already been turned on, that moan would have done it. Castiel pulled his legs up, kneeling behind Dean, his spit slicked fingers working around the puckered ring of muscle, pressing and sinking into him slowly. Dean's arms gave out from under him and he lay forward on the bed, ass up in the air. Castiel continued working first one, then two fingers into him, while reaching under him and playing with his cock because he just couldn't get enough of it.
Castiel placed his hand on Dean's shoulder. "I'm going to miss you guys too. You really are the best first neighbors anyone could ask for! Besides, now that your gone, who am I going to make pie for?" Castiel smiled as Dean looked up at him.
Cas stands up taking a step closer to Dean. "Dean, do you... have you... are you..." Cas isn't sure what it is he wants to ask. He looks down at the floor, when he looks back up Dean is standing closer to him. "What was happening before, is that something you really want?" he asks, his voice low.
Cas looks at him wide eyed as he takes off his clothes. His eyes going straight to Dean's hard thick cock bobbing between his legs as Dean kicks off his pants and boxer briefs. Cas sits up on the bed reaching out to Dean, pulling him close as his mouth latches onto his cock, taking him in completely. This time it's Dean who moans with pleasure as Cas bobs his head up and down his length. Deans fingers weave into his hair as he pulls Cas' head back, mouth sliding off his cock with a pop. Dean leans in kissing Cas' now red and wet lips, pushing him forward as they lay back on the bed. Dean fits himself between Cas' legs and grinds their hips togther, cocks sliding agaist each other. They both moan into the kiss, Cas' hand sliding around deans body to his ass, fingers digging in.
