Thanks for following through!!!
But he couldn’t pinpoint what.
The conclusion of Steve's unexpected visit from Tony. Tony is getting worst with Steve and it seems Steve is slightly more affected by Tony's vicious words and ministrations.
‘Look at you, damn…You’re so hard…’ teased Tony.
Skittish, angry, and all those little flinches whenever Bucky got close to him.
Steve had dealt with enough and turned around to glare at his once close friend. The man who had made his way into his heart at one point. His heart was hammering in his chest, he needed to make his way out of here, save his friends, shower, go home to Bucky…
‘Don't mind if I do.’
Steve couldn’t do it. He wasn’t a killer. Even if it meant Tony fucking with him more, he didn’t have the guts to murder someone in cold blood.
Steve found it somewhat easy to let himself be guided, taken. There was no decision to make, no responsibility, just letting himself be used at the behest of his… friend? Enemy? He wasn’t sure anymore.
The droplets of water hugged his bulging pecs and fought against the towel drying him mercilessly. He circled and tied the towel around his waist, until he reached the cold emptiness of his and Bucky’s living quarters.
(See the end of the chapter for
Him and Tony worked well under duress, but this was uncharted territory for both of them and Steve was clearly unconvinced that this wasn’t already doomed to fail.
Tony reclined in his seat, leaning comfortably into the soft cushions of his chair. A hint of surprise flashed across his eyes.
‘We’re supposed to be on vacation, Rogers… What exactly do you have in there? … Two pairs of boxers and a tooth brush?’ Tony chided with a toothy grin.
‘There’s a first time for everything, they say…’ as she moved with the grace of a ballerina to face Cap.
‘This isn’t Seniors Night at the community center, Steve.  It’s a luxury resort,” Tony’s tone changed bit, moving just a hair towards being forceful.
Comments are always welcomed and encouraged! Kudos fills me with happiness!! I'm surprised by all the support I receive. Thanks so much XD
Tony cut Maria off mid sentence, mumbling under his breath, ‘Why don’t I ever get these assignments?’ while casually slurping his coffee loudly.
They couldn’t stay here anymore. For both of their sake.
Steve instantly shut up and sat back down, arms folded across his muscular chest, his eyes never leaving the pompous expression plastered across Tony’s face.
Maria sighed.
Steve’s face wore a red flush, his eyes burning as he slapped the flat of his hand on the table.
Steve gasped in horror and stilled. Tony, using this moment to sink in deeper, and for a brief second, it looked as if Steve’s body had relented even more. He arched his back, the back of his head tilted, almost hitting Tony’s nose.
Steve dared to raise his head, afraid of what to do next. Tony stopped breathing for a moment. Having Cap undress him slowly was making him sweat. He couldn’t wait to get the man on his knees. The Captain’s rosy, plump lips were sure to be a treat. For now, he could indulge.
crossed the stern looking man’s mind as he turned around in Natasha’s direction, seeing a waving Tony and Maria Hill making their way towards him.
‘T-Tony…It…h-hurts…Stop this!’ Steve managed to say in between angry sobs. It only edged Tony further, his dick pulsing inside.
It was hard to shift his attention between Tony’s aggravating voice and what was slowly stretching him apart. The elastic band of his boxers was cutting into his skin, stopping his blood flow. His thighs felt numb. Only Tony’s presence afforded him a sense of reality.
don’t get to do that!’ he said through gritted teeth, grinding them together. ‘You gave up on your friends, just like you gave up on me!’ he paused, letting himself breathe, observing Tony’s reactions carefully.
‘Spread your legs more, soldier…’ Tony’s voice held more weight to Steve this time and he felt a kick behind his shin pushing his legs apart.
It’s not that Steve hated Tony. Actually, he found the man could step up when he was needed. He just had a problem obeying Steve’s command and that could be costly on the battlefield. That left the two spies, however, if one enhanced human couldn’t do anything, the Captain wasn’t sure how their skills would fare if taken by surprise. They had no idea what they'd find on the inside.
‘Jesus, Buck, you know we have to stick together, you can’t ... what if he....’ Steve’s mouth clamped shut.
Questions flooded his mind.
‘Then, talk to me for Christ’s sake. Stop putting everything on your shoulders... This wouldn’t be a fucking problem if you were honest in the first place!’ Bucky yelled back, his tone firm.
Tony broke the uncomfortable silence with a snarky remark meant to humiliate him. A large digit, probably a thumb, grazed Steve’s entrance with promise. He tried to clench his ass tighter, but it didn’t deter Tony from his goal when he probed harder. It felt way too dry until he heard a gross rattling only to feel something warm dribble down his crack.
Steve winced, a lasting ache filling his body, making his movements sluggish as if he were made of lead.
Tony back.
‘Peachy, you better get your asses ready, you leave at 0800 tomorrow morning. Happy vacation, motherfuckers. Meeting adjourned.’
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s face fell at the news. He’d never battled without his armor. He didn’t know how to feel about that. His sight settled on Steve who studied him like a book. Steve’s expression was blank, yet he could see the wheels turning in that head of his.
Sorry for the delay, I got lost writing this chapter... My mind made Tony more cruel than expect, so I changed the tags in case.
‘I don’t understand, why can’t we just storm the island?’ chimed Steve, running his hands through his hair and letting out a deep breath.
He could heal fast, but this type of injury he couldn’t afford. His friends needed him sharp to help them, so he allowed himself to relax, feeling his muscles relent a little.
‘That’s because it didn’t exist until 2 months ago,’ she said as she flipped through her tablet once more, showing missing person’s files, ‘Before our agents went missing, they managed to link the resort to several missing person’s cases. Furthermore, SHIELD keeps a record of potential criminally involved individuals, and some of those individuals have found themselves at the resort.’
Steve’s body ached everywhere, he was pretty sure one of his ribs was broken, judging by his raspy breathing. Nothing that wouldn’t be fixed before he got back home. First, he had to get his bearings.
Thanks still for my great boyfriend for editing.
Still, he wasn’t blind.
Thor pounded the wooden table with both of his hands, startling his SHIELD brothers, his glee radiating from him, ’That is wonderful news!’
Suddenly, Tony lunged at Steve, grasping his shoulder. Steve flinched as if he had been burned and Tony let go as soon as he came face to face with Captain America’s famous clenched look.
He took a moment to admire his hard work. Without his stupidly tight uniform to hide the view, Steve was perfection personified. Under his rough ministrations, he could clearly see the Captain’s debauched look and how it affected the other man. Steve’s chest rose and fell in rapid movements, blue eyes avoiding the constant attention afforded to him. If Tony didn’t have such steady self-control, he was pretty sure he would have came at the sight of him.
The moment grew to a sudden halt the moment the words left the man’s pale lips. Steve’s hand recoiled sharply from Stark’s collar as if he’d been burned.
‘You think this is over?! I’m just getting started here, Cap! Thanks for the fuck, but I’ll find your sweet ass again! I’m not finished with you yet!”
I'm back!!! Thank you for being so patient!
‘You know damn well why, so back off!’ Steve had no idea how things had escalated so quickly, but Tony had to understand why. Lives were at stake, here!
Steve checked his watch, wondering when someone else would show up.
“Wait, say it again?”
“What do you want? I’ve got some arms to definitely not ogle at.”
Well guess Steve would toss away those other sketches, because now he had the real thing and he’s never gonna let it go.
“Favorite? Is there any other?”
“Well maybe Thor sometimes tops, but don’t let him know that.” The brunette reached over and yanked Steve up and out of his seat. Holy- This was a bad idea, he forgot that the soldier had bulk to him. And he still had the puppy eyes. Tony really should’ve just asked Nat or Clint to drag him down. How was a man supposed to keep his feelings a secret when he literally wanted to punch Steve’s face with his face whenever he saw his cute pouty face?
Suddenly a voice popped out of nowhere, “Steve! My favorite super-soldier, glad you came for a visit.” The blonde scrambled around trying to find Tony’s voice. And he finally saw as he turned around. Okay, Steven Grant Rogers had decided he could die now, he’s made peace with the world and has seen all he needed to see. Because what stood before him was something he needed to burn into his memory forever. Tony stood in front of him, probably nude, with a beautiful lovely sheet wrapped around his shoulders. Exposing his arc reactor that framed his face with beautiful blue light.
“You better be glad, it’s freezing in here and I need to have JARVIS keep it warmer in here. Especially if I’m going to be doing any more ‘modeling’.” The genius gave Steve a warm smile, and started pulling him towards the platform. “Let’s get started! We can talk dinner plans, while you admire my chiseled features.” But before Tony stepped onto the platform, he dashed over to give a peck on the blonde supersoldier. And of course, a bright blush starts to take over his face.
“Clearly you’re here to unleash some deadly secret information because you apparently don’t actually need help,” Tony said as he approached Nat.
“What? Is this what Nat feels? I really feel bad for her now.” Tony mumbled to himself, clearly not trying at all to clarify what was going on. “Well, l suppose you need some clarification, my good sir.” He reached over on a table, and grabbed a folded sheet. The nude man brought it over to Steve. He unfolded it, and finally realized what it was. A sketch of Tony in the workshop. Steve was mortified, how could Tony have found this? “Listen, I felt bad for invading your privacy, but I just wanted to look at your project. And I found this? And of course Nat had to tell me what it meant, but I just wanted to do something for you with it.” And now that Tony was explaining it, he started to become more nervous. Wringing his hands, and he was talking so fast now.
‘I-...m-more…d-don’t st…op..fuck...s-shit…N-no,’  Steve mumbled shyly. He wanted to die for having been so physically weak.
‘Shut up! You didn’t give a shit when I was hurt, so why should I listen to you?’ the man darkly barked, his hard prick leaking on Steve’s thighs as it brushed with every thrust of Tony’s fingers inside him.
‘Steve…this is my last warning,’ replied Tony. ‘You’ll call me as I’ve asked or this deal is over. Understand?... That’s an order,
‘Wait, did Cap just crack a joke? Wow, never thought I’d see the day…’ he teased, his tone mocking ‘…but seriously, we’re supposed to blend in, and trust me when I say this; you won’t fool anyone with whatever that is…’ pointing at Steve’s bland white polo shirt, his long beige baggy pants, and his plain cap.
‘Jesus..., look at you Rogers… You make me look like a saint in comparison.’ Using his hand to palm at his already bulging erection, he sneered in Steve’s direction.
Tony’s ears prickled, his smug face twisting darkly. The steady rhythm he had created grew heated, more forced. His grip tightened at the back of Steve’s neck, he bit at Steve’s flesh, breaking the skin, lapping at the blood there. He tugged harder at Steve’s cock, the dry pumps pulling at Steve’s sensitive skin.
‘No…No, Sir, you... didn’t.’ This pursuit at humiliating him was something Steve wasn't used to from his friend. Tony might rue over his power over him, but he sure as hell was not going to look at him.
Steve bit back a snarl. Bucky would pay the price for his disobedience or even worse; he would bare witness to Steve’s assault.
Maria rolled her eyes as she started her briefing, ‘Alright, listen up…’ she began as a hologram appeared behind her as she swiped through files on a tablet in her hands. The profiles of two SHIELD agents came into focus as the Avengers settled in.
Clint finally gets in on it.
After eating and chatting a bit more with Clint, Steve made his way down to the gym for his daily workout, not expecting anyone to be there this early. He frowned slightly as he walked in, seeing Natasha. “Hey, Nat,” he said as he made sure to turn away from her view, not wanting to show her the leaking erection he sported. “Hey, Steve,” Natasha said with a grin. “You want to spar? I could use a parter since Clint’s busy.” Steve stilled, biting his bottom lip. He was hard with a dildo stuffed inside him, how could he spar?
Tony was already thinking of what else they could do. How was he going to top this one? Tony sat and pondered the possibilities, while Steve was still writhing in intense orgasm. He knew he would have to change the bed sheets again. Damnit.
The billionaire slowly lifted his head, still in afterglow of orgasm. “Hmm?” he asked lazily. “Ask Bruce.” Steve pressed.
Steve’s eyes opened wide, the sound snapped him out of his sex fueled trance and he pulled Tony off him. Tony coughed, drool and cum dripped from his mouth and onto the floor. “Sorry!” Steve quickly knelt beside Tony who continued to hack up a lung. “Are you ok?” the soldier asked, his voice high with worry.
Once Bruce finally had his dick out of his pants it was already rock hard. He must have some self control to not show any signs of discomfort. “Damn.” Tony remarked. Steve’s mouth watered from the sight of the scientist’s length. It was an impressive size and girth, nowhere near Steve’s size but bigger than Tony, who wasn’t small either. How lucky Steve was to be graced with such big cocks to satisfy him. Steve eagerly lifted his ass higher, showing off his twitching hole. “Come on-“ Steve’s voice was shaking, impatient. “Wanna be filled- please!”
“Then what are you waiting for?” Clint winked. In seconds they were tangled together and practically falling onto the floor as they managed to get the door open. The door was slammed shut behind them and they crashed onto Tony’s bed. Clint attacked Steve’s neck with a fury of biting and sucking making the soldier go wild, mewing and moaning with every touch.
Steve’s body was absolutely covered in his own spunk and he would probably release enough to drown himself in by the time this was over.
Today he decided to take the plunge and go onto an Avengers fan forum. He was curious to see what the people thought of him and his fellow comrades. He read women and men alike idolizing him, more than he thought they did. Many posted pictures of him from newscasts, interviews, and random candid’s.  Steve blushed red when he found that his fans had an odd fascination with his rear. They practically worshiped it.
Steve gave a coy smile. “I guess…” he looked down at his dripping dick.
“Mmm yes. It was very unexpected.” Steve mused. “I definitely didn’t expect him to grab me the way he did.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was so hard and so ready to fuck that enticingly open hole. He was about to comply when he stopped. It was rare to have Captain America at his mercy; maybe he should toy with him a little longer. “Beg me.”
Steve left the gym, having just finished his daily workout. Thankfully he was alone and didn’t have to worry about orgasming, which he did, many times. He swung by the lab and asked when Tony wanted to meet. The billionaire barely looked up from what he was working on and said “Later.”
By the time Steve made the decision to push the other man out of the way, Tony had already seen what was on the screen. Steve just wanted to melt into the floor and disappear. He had never been so embarrassed in his life.
“So Steve? How kinky are you?”
“Ahhh ahh-“ Steve moaned as he came down from his orgasm. “S- see.” he said shakily. “Not pure at all.”
“Then meeting adjourned,” Fury said and everyone but Steve and Tony rose to their feet. They all left the room in a hurry, eager to get back to work. Bruce hung back and looked at the two men, placing his hand on the doorframe. “Tony, you coming to the lab?” he asked.
Tony rode Steve faster, his rhythm becoming erratic and desperate. “Just cum, Steve.” Tony’s voice was shaking. “Cum like the slut that you are." Steve was almost thrashing around, unable to control his body’s spasms, moaning, panting… “Cumming!”
Steve swung his legs around the edge of the bed and stood, stripping out of his cum soaked pants and boxers.
Suddenly Steve pulled off of the other man’s length, threw his head back, and came, his cock completely untouched. Long spurts of thick white liquid shot up into the air, some hitting Tony’s dick, while most of it landed on Steve’s chest and stomach. Tony was about to loose it again… Steve’s head was thrown back, his mouth open, a sinful moan escaping from deep inside. His hair was disheveled, with a thin sheen of sweat on his brow. His body was as taught as a bowstring, every muscle contracting from the intense orgasm. Damn if all that cum dripping off Steve’s godlike chest and abs didn’t look delicious.
Tony stood in front of Steve and dropped to his knees. “Time for me to return the favor…” Tony whispered before opening his mouth wide.
Clint slowly drew him off, enjoying the drag of Steve’s tongue along the underside of his length. Once Clint popped himself out of Steve’s mouth the soldier gasped for air. Thick strands of saliva coated Clint’s dick and ran down Steve’s chin. Before Steve could compose himself Clint shoved back inside and brutally fucked Steve’s throat.
They sat there in silence for a moment, both not saying a word, and Steve understood why. “You know…” Steve said after another sip of his coffee, breaking the silence. “I can tell Tony you’re uncomfortable with us being so open around you. I understand how… jarring it can be.”
“Maybe-“ Steve gasped.
“I’m not doing anything else with you until you take a shower and I switch these sheets,” Tony handed Steve the dildo. “Stick that in your ass, I don’t want all my hard work of fucking you open going to waste.”
“Well I wanted to make sure it was ok with you. Since you’re so sensitive, rimming will probably feel amazing.” The brunette really wanted to do it, but this was Steve’s call. “I don’t know…” the soldier didn’t look convinced. “If you don’t want to-“ Tony began, but Steve cut him off. “No, I’ll try it. Just…” he gave a small smile. “Go slow. I’ll tell you if I want you to stop.”
The blonde bit his lip and nodded his head vigorously. “Yes, please!”
Steve stood there for a few seconds eyeing the two men. Tony broke the silence with a clap of his hands. “I’m gonna go take a leak. You two can uhhhh… Get started.” He strode past Steve and closed the bathroom door.
“Feel it Steve?” Tony whispered in awe. “Feel the pulse of your cock? It feels so good against me.” Steve incoherently gave choked sobs and gasps as he came again just from those words.
Steve could feel his cock leaking onto his stomach and pants. If this meeting went on for much longer he wouldn’t be able to hide his arousal. He shifted in his seat attempting to relieve his aching need, but the movement of the fabric made him almost cry out from pleasure.
Bruce sighed and scratched his head. “I’m not sure, we have a lot of work to do.” Bruce wanted in on the action but he had to complete his other duties first. Tony gave a small apologetic smile. “Sorry Steve, we’ll try. In the meantime maybe go to my room and have some fun with a few toys to take the edge off.”
He turned on the shower and hot water cascaded down. He stepped inside the ridiculously big shower and was immediately followed by Tony. They helped wash each other off, all the while Steve bit back moans while Tony ran his soapy hands on his body and through his hair. Even though he was just being washed off, Steve was already rock hard from simply being touched. Each little touch and scratch made his cock twitch and Tony noticed.
Steve opened his lips to reply and he let out a long moan as he felt a cock slip deep inside his ass. Bruce was fucking him with a brutal pace, hands clasping Steve’s hips nice and tight. The soldier’s hole was gaped and sloppy, making such lewd sounds as he was pounded into nice and hard.
“I suppose you planned that?” Bruce still stood where he first walked in, his arms folded across his chest, glaring at Tony. The billionaire nodded in affirmation. “Of course I did. I knew you needed to see Steve’s true self right off the bat. Just as I told you, sex crazed and ready for more.”
“You did!?” Tony gaped. “Well it looks like you don’t need me to get off…” He stood to leave and Steve lunged for him. Steve pressed his crotch against Tony’s and groaned from the much needed contact.
“Bruce!” Steve sat up quickly, cum spilling down his front and onto his legs. “I had no idea I-“ his voice cracked as he blushed uncontrollably. “Go get cleaned up Steve, don’t take too long,” Tony grinned. Steve nodded as he hastily stood and ran into the bathroom, leaving a trail of cum on the floor.
Steve was pulled out of his thoughts by a sharp tug on his hair. Clint was staring down with a reluctant look on his face. “I told you,” Tony’s voice was hard and commanding. “Put that cum hungry mouth of yours to work and suck Clint dry.”
“I had fun last night,” Tony growled into Steve’s ear as he came up behind him. He grabbed handfuls of Steve’s glorious ass and squeezed, making the blonde yelp, almost spilling his coffee. Clint craned his neck to see what Tony was doing. “Hey, Tony. Let Steve have some food first, will ya?”
The soldier ran his fingers through his hair.
Steve made a small noise at the sudden movement, but remained still, his eyes looking up, unwavering. He wiggled his tongue back and forth, tickling the underside of Clint’s dick, urging him to continue.
Tony couldn’t believe how open Steve was being with him. He always thought the kid from Brooklyn would be demure, embarrassed, and even timid when it came to sex. Steve wasn’t wasting any time with foreplay or fooling around. Tony guessed this is what happens when you’re trapped in ice for seventy years. "You’re so different from a few hours ago. What made you want to do this?"
Steve could do nothing as The huge monster of a man fucked him, losing all control of himself. All he could feel was the relentless pleasure that shot through his body with every passing second, The Hulk’s huge hands pulling him up and down as the cock slid in and out of his tense body... The size and weight of the enormous dick, how it throbbed so hard inside, the feeling of it dragging along his tight, slick insides, how it stretched him so damn wide, how it bulged out his belly so beautifully…
Thanks so much for your patience! It obviously took my forever to write this! It never quite satisfied me but now I finally think it's pretty good. (and honestly I need to move on with the next chapter) Once again thanks everyone! I hope you all liked it! :>
Steve didn’t answer; he just kept fingering himself and swallowing Tony’s cock. The soldier’s muffled moans became louder when he finally added the tip of his thumb into his ass. Tony could have sworn Steve was about to fist himself right then and there. Steve looked up, his blue eyes glazed over with lust. His cheeks were hallowed out as he sucked, barely moving back and forth, keeping Tony's cock at the back of his throat. It was so hard for Tony not to cum from the sight. “Y-your greedy hole is almost swallowing your hand-“ Tony gasped. “You’re devouring my cock like a– ahhh… slut.”
Steve’s head shot up, looking at Tony, his eyes wide. “But-“ He went to reach out and touch Tony’s dick, but the older man caught him by the wrist. Tony was well aware that Steve could easily overpower him, but he didn’t think the soldier wanted to be on top.
“Why?” the other man asked, twisting around to look at Tony from the corner of his eye. “Well I know you’re into a bit of pain and you’re sure as hell into anal. How about rimming?”
To keep his mind off his wandering thoughts about Tony’s no doubt evil plans that night, Steve went into the living room and flopped down on the couch, groaning as the dildo shoved deep inside him from the impact. He turned on the tv and absentmindedly flipped through the channels till he found a movie that interested him.
Steve stood there slumped against the door, his hand still wrapped around his hard cock. His breath rattled, still in the afterglow of orgasm. “I don’t care how you found out,” Steve’s voice was a low growl as he stared at Clint. “Just use me however you like…” Steve ran his free hand up his abdomen, pulling up his shirt, showing off his abs. His hand rested against his pecs and he rubbed up and down, feeling his shirt caress against his nipples. “Please,” he groaned, drawing out the vowel in a pathetic whine.
The Hulk growled whether in anger at being told what to do, or in pleasure from Steve saying such filthy things, no one knew, but he pulled out nonetheless. Or rather, he gripped Steve’s hips tight and he pulled him off his cock, stopping at the bulbous head to give Steve his widest girth. The blonde howled, his eyes rolling up as he came from the brutal stretch.
Finally Tony came up from behind the two and ruffled their hair. “Come on you two, enough with the mushy stuff,” he said with a sly grin.
Tony took a step toward Steve and Bruce lingered behind. “Want my dick, Steve?” Tony cooed as he ran a finger along Steve’s jawline. “Yes, please!” the soldiers eyes were wide with desperation. Tony’s fingers made their way to Steve’s full lips and he teasingly ran his fingers over the skin, making Steve groan. “You want Bruce’s dick?” Steve nodded, his eyes slowly drifting to Bruce who didn’t move.
“Steve,” Tony sat down next to the other man. Steve turned his gaze to the brunette.
“Ohh Steve-“ Tony sighed in between kisses he covered the soldier with. The water from the shower cascaded on them both. “Did you notice how Bruce became so possessive of you?”
As the gushes of cum slowly lessened, Tony couldn’t believe his eyes. Steve’s dick looked a little soft; his super boner was finally getting tired… Or maybe it was the magnitude of the orgasm. Either way, Tony knew Steve was far from done.
Steve ran the towel over his chest and stomach, getting as much cooling cum off of his body as possible, then he sat in the chair and leaned back. He spread his legs and groaned, taking his cock into his hand. He marveled at how thick he was, his whole hand barely encircled the entire thing. “Talk to me, Steve.” Tony said as he rummaged through his dresser looking for more sheets.
Tony rolled his eyes, “I can’t believe you’re asking me this now after that incredibly hot moment we just had.” Tony teasingly ran his fingers along the riged outline of Steve’s cock. Steve groaned at the light touch his hips involuntarily bucked towards the man’s hand.
Steve flopped backward, his back hit the mattress with a thud. He swallowed thickly, trying to conjure up something that will make this night go out with a bang. “I-" he raised his head off the mattress peering at Tony for a moment before letting it fall back again. He sighed “I can’t think of anything that would top all that we’ve done… without other things.”
Steve couldn't believe what he just heard. Was Tony serious!? Again, the super soldier had no words.
Tony drew himself closer, peering at the computer screen, then back to Steve, who stood there frozen. “What are you looking at?” the genius glanced back at the screen, genuinely curious. Steve’s eyes widened and his vision blurred, he completely forgot the fanfiction was still on the screen! For a split second he thought of punching the screen to shatter the evidence, but he thought better of it. Even though this kind of technology was outdated for Tony, he didn’t want to damage it.
Steve turned his head to look at her. “N- No… It’s too early to spar, don’t you think?” Steve tried to sound natural. Natasha raised an eyebrow. “O… kay,” she said as she turned back to her workout.
Tony lean down and made out with Steve, lapping hungrily into the soldier’s mouth, tongue practically shoving it’s way down his throat. Steve groaned when he felt his legs shift and his filthy shorts being pulled down and off him. His eyes blew wide and he gasped in surprise as the dildo inside him was twisted and shoved in deep. “I see he's prepped for me…” Bruce commented as he pulled out then rammed the toy in sharply making Steve give a high pitched cry.
The soldier gave a high pitched cry as Tony slowly took his aching cock deeper into his mouth. He applied some suction and drew up and Steve threw his head against the wall, cursing. “Fuck! More Tony. More-“ he choked running his shaking hands through Tony’s wet hair. Tony bared down on Steve’s throbbing cock again, taking in more, inch by torturous inch until he was almost halfway and stopped.
“Are you close?” Bruce asked, intently gazing at Steve’s huge weeping erection. “Yes, sir.” Steve said, his voice breathy and low. The scientist looked back into Steve’s glazed over eyes. “Keep up that slow pace. Let your orgasm build.” Bruce’s voice was a whisper. "Feel how agonizingly delicious the slackness of your hand is. Each pump of your hips bringing you closer and closer to cumming…"
“Hold that thought,” Tony said as he hastily led Steve out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Steve assumed the position on the bed, his ass in the air. The dildo easily flopped out of his now gaping hole.
“Hey Bruce!” Tony cheerfully entered the lab, a huge grin plastered on his face.
?” he looked absolutely bewildered.
“I told you, no giving me orders,” Tony whispered, roughly palming Steve’s ass.
Steve slowly padded over to where the other man sat. His heart began to beat faster. Bruce pat the bed signaling Steve to sit beside him. Steve sat down and opened his mouth the speak. “Bruce I-“ the scientist’s index finger flew to Steve’s mouth, silencing him. “If I’m going to do this, we need to start now before I lose my nerve.” He then cupped Steve’s face brought him into a kiss.
“More Tony-“ Steve’s voice was low, so full of hunger. “More. More, please-“ he begged.
He looked perfect.
Steve awoke after a blissful sleep. He smiled to himself remembering the events of the night before. Tony had indeed fucked him while he was asleep and the soldier was curious if he did it again after he passed out once more. A heat welled up in Steve’s belly at the thought of being fucked without his knowledge. He was truly becoming nothing but a cum dump, and he loved it. All he wanted was more…
Steve was just checking in with Bruce and Tony to ask if they wanted food or a cup of coffee. Tony was the one who initiated the whole thing. Like Steve wanted he didn’t ask permission and touched Steve through his jeans. In minutes Steve was bent over a console begging for cock. It became hard sex, with Steve climaxing twice in the last ten minutes (thankfully Tony had the foresight to put a few towels down for easy cleanup) and  was quickly climbing to his third.
“Too boring, come on Cap. Get creative,” Tony’s hand stilled and he smiled wickedly.
“You’re beautiful,” Clint murmured.
Tony took Steve’s dripping cock into his hand. “Being woken up like this, not even knowing when you’ll be used- You want to be bent over and fucked without question, right Rogers?” Tony thrust faster, unable to keep up the slow pace any longer.
Tony swirled his fingers on Steve’s chest gathering as much thick cum as he could. “Open wide,” Tony said as he shoved his fingers into Steve’s mouth. Steve lapped at Tony’s fingers, nearly loosing it again from being fed his own cum while being fucked without mercy.
"Nothing!" Steve replied quickly. "Just uhhh... Having some trouble with the mouse. It's fixed now." Tony cocked an eyebrow. "Really? Because it looks like it's broken." He motioned to the floor where broken bits of plastic lay.
Steve got up, cum dripped off his body and onto the floor. “I’m sorry!” Steve looked at Tony apologetically. “It’s fine, I don’t care. It gives the rug more character.” Tony smiled. “Now let me see your ass take that dildo, then go take a shower.” Steve nodded pushing the tip inside his wet asshole. He took it all, bottoming out in seconds. The super soldier gasped and his length pulsed, firing a few shots of cum into the air.
He threw on a pair of shorts that now sported a sizable bulge and a too small tshirt that showed his muscles, the tight fabric conformed to his body, digging under his chest to beautifully frame such glorious tits.
Steve loosely wrapped his hand around his cock and slowly pumped his hand along the thick shaft. He wanted so desperately to tighten his grip but he had to obey his orders. He always obeyed.
The wet heat that encased the billionaire’s dick was indescribable. Each thrust of Steve’s fingers into his own ass made him groan and clench then relax his jaw, making Tony see stars. “Fuck Steve…” Tony’s breath hitched when he saw four fingers buried inside the Captain’s ass. “Where did you learn to do this?”
Steve was ready. Tony knew he could take more faster than the average person. This should be quite the experience. Tony slowly moved his thumb to Steve’s hole and inserted it painfully slow. "Ohhhhh yeeeeessss..." Steve moaned like a whore when his hole swallowed Tony's entire hand. Tony couldn’t believe how fast Steve took his fist, like his ass was built for these things. He thrust his fist in and out a few times, making sure Steve was ok.
“Now what kind of teammate would I be if I just left you like this? Seems to me like you need a hand. Besides…” Clint smiled. “I don’t have anything else planned for today.”
With each pulse of his cock Steve moaned, thrusting his hips downward, humping the air. “Ahhh… Ahh-“ Steve sighed, feeling his cum dripping off his pecs. “Feels- so good…” he was smiling, completely out of his mind.
“How does it feel to be awoken by hot throbbing cock?” Tony grinned devilishly. “You like being filled 24/7 don’t you, Rogers?” Steve mindlessly nodded his head in confirmation, his eyes still half open and unfocused. “Thank you for using me…” Steve slurred as he was finally coming around, his mind focusing a little more on what was happening. Tony chuckled and snapped his hips a little faster. “No need to thank me, it’s my pleasure to fulfill your lewd fantasies.”
“What a good cock hungry slut you are,” Tony’s voice was shaky, obviously from an orgasm. “See Clint what did I tell you? Steve is the best cum dump.” The praise made Steve smile and cum.
I finally got a beta!! Thank you dark-days-dark-nights-xx for giving me advice and being awesome! :> You were a great help and your encouragement was so nice to have. Thanks bunches!! <3
Bruce took in a shaky breath, his eyes betraying how turned on he was. Finally FINALLY Steve felt Bruce’s dick lightly pressing against his opening. “Do it,” Steve begged in desperation. Bruce put a little pressure and he breached Steve, who let out a sinful moan. Ever so slowly Bruce pressed into Steve, bit by torturous bit. Steve growled in frustration, this snail’s pace was driving him mad! “Just- ughhh- f-fuck me-” he gasped, unable to keep his voice level.
“Good whore,” Tony praised Steve as he continued to cum. “You’re mine, Steve."
Clint watched for a moment as he stripped himself of his clothes, studying how undone Steve had become, how red his face was, every muscle in his body tensing and contracting in pleasure… Listening to the sounds of the hot kiss, Steve’s pornographic moans and the sound of a dildo gliding in and out of his slack hole. He was so… perfect. Clint finally knelt down next to the bed and and gently kissed Steve on his hot, flush cheek. “You’re so damn beautiful…” he breathed in the blonde’s ear.
“Bruce I have a question to ask.” Tony leaned against a console. Bruce settled back into his chair “Sure, what’s up?”
“We fuck a lot.”
Steve’s eyes slowly opened to a grinning Tony. “Hmm?” he questioned. Tony’s grin grew wider. “Let’s see if you can cum one more time.” The billionaire drew a finger down the other man’s face and over his cum soaked chest making Steve shutter and muscles contract.
“Keep going, beg for them to help me get off.” Steve groaned, rolling his hips upward into Tony’s fist. “M-maybe you could just fuck me in front of all the Avengers.” Steve paused and gazed hungrily at Tony.
“Yup. Remember I said I had to talk to Rogers about something before you left the meeting room?” Bruce nodded, his eyes unblinking. “Yeah well Captain America, the symbol of truth and justice jumped me. He was already hard and rubbed against me and came two times in a row. Three times counting the little spurt he had during the meeting.”
After a few seconds of more coughing Tony was finally able to take in a shaky breath. “I’m ok Steve.” his voice was raw, but he gave a small smile nonetheless. Steve didn’t look convinced. “Maybe we should stop now… I don’t want to hurt you.”
He was dizzy from the lack of air. Tony’s hands were squeezing the meat of his ass cheeks, ghosting over his hanging balls.
He didn’t want this again. His brain was caught in a delicious haze, unable to break free from Stark’s hold. He was starting to break. Not his mind, never his mind. He was a stubborn son of a bitch, but his body…He had no control over it.
The next afternoon had a certain blonde slouched over a familiar desk. He took Tony’s words to heart, and gave himself a nice morning where he didn’t have to think about this project, that was definitely not about the team but Tony didn’t have to know that. He worked out, showered, fed some birds in Central Park, found a stray cat and gave it some pets too. And after a nice separation, he felt refreshed to get back into it. Recently, he was trying to make a painting for Tony, to confess how he felt about the genius. He was no good with words, but he definitely knew how to make images. But everything felt wrong, he couldn’t do any justice for how amazing Tony and all his achievements really were. It had gotten so bad that he started doubting his feelings for a short period. Maybe he didn’t love Tony as much as he thought. Clearly, that was wrong but it was an awful thought to have. But last night, the inventor was being so adorable cuddling up to his side as they watched four more Disney movies. And it definitely helped reinvigorate his efforts to get this project finished. And as he was starting the sketch out the curvature of Tony's glorious brows, the artist got interrupted by an announcement from JARVIS.
“Hey, I’m trying to make life easier for everyone. Steve deserves to have a dude brave enough to admit his feelings to him. And I’m gonna be transparent with you, Steve has the biggest crush on you too. I’m good with people, please just believe me.” Her brows slightly raised, a look only someone on the team could recognize as her getting frantic. Natasha started to look frantic as she kept going on.
“Oh, we’re definitely gonna do that.” Tony responded with a smirk. “But also, I know you felt some identity issues with being able to draw my face, and I hoped that like if I did this you wouldn’t feel so much pressure. And you could feel more comfortable again. I know what it’s like to question your skills, and to do it when you’re thrown 70 years into the future with a million other things to worry about just sucks even more.” Yeah, Steve is certain that he loves this man. He even feels tears start welling up from just how adorable this whole situation is.
“Hey, winghead.”
“Nope, do not need the help. And please refrain from exposing me to your weird mix of horny and longing face whenever you look at Steve.” Wow. No hesitation. Alright, better rip off this bandaid. He just accepted Natasha knowing everything that went on.
“Yeah, I heard you the first time. But definitely needed to hear it again to make sure I wasn’t imagining things.” Steve admitted into his shoulders. Relief flooded his body, but also happiness as well. Meanwhile, Tony caught off guard, could only just wrap his arms around Steve’s shoulders as well. “You were always so far away from me, I could only imagine what it’d be like to actually have you like me back.”
“Nothing! I’m just trying to work on this drawing, but no matter what I do it just isn’t turning out right?” His expression became more withdrawn, his shoulders slumping. The blush was still there, but his face looked so sad. Tony decided that from this moment onward, he would never allow Steve to feel sad again. It was illegal. He approached the table, maybe he could get a glance at what Steve was working on.
In the kitchen, Nat was already popping away, and absolutely didn’t need his help.
“Come on, we’re gonna have a lazy day. I’ve just decided that I’m going to skip the lab today. My favorite winghead needs me right now.”
“Even better, I can relax knowing that I don’t have to ask the others to model nude for- Wait, are you crying? Did I offend you? I promise I won’t do anything after this. I’m gonna try my best for you-”
He returned to the group with a bounce in his step. And Tony barged through the room until he stood in front of his teammates, with a smug little smirk on his face. “Thor, I believe you’re in my spot.”
“So you see, I lied about the project. It was just gonna be a painting of you, but nothing turned out right. I was gonna use it to confess to you, but looks like you beat me to the punch.” Steve sheepishly explained to the inventor. He knew that Tony doesn’t have the knowledge to help him out with his art on a profound level, but of course he just had to help no matter what. What a ridiculous man, posing naked for a person to show that they love them. But as the realization that his feelings were returned was finally settling in, Steve could only start to tear up from how ecstatic he was.
“Tony, stop. Just listen to me. I think we both just need to calm down. What I’m hearing is that you like someone, but then you kissed me. Now you’re telling me you saw my sketches of you and decided to become my nude model to help?” There was no way that Steve’s feelings were reciprocated, this has to be a dream. Naked Tony admitting his love for him has definitely been a recurring image in his dreams.
“Wait, this can’t be right. You said you had a man you liked? This isn’t right.” Steve tried to make sense of things while Tony was catching his breath. But as soon as he heard that, he just started chuckling.
“I can definitely say that Captain America is way better than Iron Man, confirmed. I’m a scientist, I did my research you can’t argue with me.”
“Steve, I’d prefer if you looked at my face while I’m talking about important things.” And of course he had to listen to the billionaire, Steve shyly met Tony’s beautiful brown eyes. Within a second, Tony grasped the front of Steve’s shirt and proceeded to yank him forward until his face crashed into Tony’s, and ungracefully their lips met each other. It was a painful sorta kiss, until Steve’s brain finally caught up with what was happening. He was kissing. He was kissing Tony. He was kissing Tony! The blonde finally got his bearings, and pushed Tony away.
“Thor, this is my tower. I’m making the rules.” Thor still refused to move, but as he looked over past Tony, he was met with Nat’s death glare from the single-seater next to them. Quickly, he ambled out of Steve’s cuddle range. And in his place, the inventor quickly slithered into his spot. The soldier’s arm naturally slid over his shoulders and pulled him in closer, and everyone settled in to finish the movie after Tony interrupted it. For the rest of the night, the genius had a plan developing in his mind. And the best part? Steve’s arm around him only helped his brain make these plans.
“Well now that we have agreed that we’re the best, I’m standing in a workshop naked hoping to get drawn. And now, guess who’s not getting drawn?” Steve had to let go of Tony for him to explain.
“Usually it does! Except for now, I just can’t get it right. I think I’m slipping.” The pout is back on Steve’s face, and Tony is realizing how much he hates that he gets so affected by that face. “Like, nothing is going right with it? I was trying to do a series of portraits for…the team? Yeah, the team. And I just can’t get it right. It’s been really hard to draw people recently, and like this used to be the thing I was good at? Before the serum, you know. And without drawing, it feels more and more like that old Steve Rogers is gone.” He lays his head on his arms on top of the table. And Tony was at a loss, he didn’t really have any advice for what to do if you’re going through an art block and suffering an identity crisis at the same time?
“Yeah, you guys are definitely meant for each other. Only two idiots as oblivious as you guys would be perfect as a couple.” Tony could hear the irritation now. Well, she was being rude. “I’ve had enough, it violates Steve’s privacy. It’s gonna save you guys even more years of heartache, so he’ll probably forgive me.” She walked over to Tony, and yelled over to the other guys, “I need to show Tony something important, we’ll only be a few!” Then the redhead proceeded to drag the billionaire out of the communal floor. The elevator took the pair down several floors.
“I mean you can still do that, you just have to understand not much work would happen with that.”
“But I was hoping to lure you in with my dashing physique, and my bedroom eyes.”
“Okay, yeah calm. I can do that. So I can explain the kiss?” Tony sounded unsure, but Steve encouraged him to proceed. “I mean, what other answer is there besides that the someone I like is you?”
“Stay.” And of course, the blonde sat still, even if his face did have a sour expression at being treated like a dog. Slowly, Clint stumbled over the couch and cuddled into Steve’s shoulder, and Thor took up his other empty side. Shit, okay Thor is his least favorite now. Then they hear a cough from behind them, and four heads turned to look at Natasha ominously standing behind them, crossed arms and all. Scary. She actually was looking at Tony, so maybe she needed something from him? She just jerked her head to the counter, red locks bouncing, a clear gesture to follow her to the kitchen area.
“Excuse the interruption, captain. But Sir has requested your presence in the workshop.” came the message from the AI. Obviously, when a request came from the love of his life, Steve needed to fulfill it. So he left his work midway, and traveled down to the workshop. It was always an amazing time going through the genius’s workshop. Steve got to see Tony in his natural state, and he always felt so relieved that he was allowed here.
“We’ll agree to disagree.” Tony only nodded against his shoulders.
Wait a second. Steve needed to hear that again, just to make sure he didn’t imagine it like the other times.
“Listen, I’m homing all of your asses. The least you can do is give me this so I can cuddle against that man and pretend it’s platonic. Ungrateful really.”
“No! It’s nothing on you, I just am really happy right now. And to be fair I don’t even know why you decided nude would be the standard. I would only have needed your face.”
God Steve just melted, whenever he heard Tony’s nicknames for him. It made him feel loved, like he was someone special enough to make a nickname for. Steve only garbled out more noises.
‘Eyes on the wall,’ harshly ordered Iron Man. He didn’t know why, but in this instance, Tony couldn’t stand the soldier’s pitiful look. He didn’t deserve to look at him like that, not after everything that had happened.
TBC.... in Part 2 of the Dark Stark Chronicles
Steve could only listen as his body was fucked hard into the wall. His hands tore into Tony’s shoulders, gripping hard. Tony winced, but continued on as he leered suggestively at Steve’s helpless body.
Steve’s last words were left echoing through the doldrums of Bucky’s mind.
oh oh! Bucky is awake. What will happened. Will Steve finally get the help he deserves or fold and fall for Tony's sinful touches..... I thrive off comments, so comment away! thanks so much for the support and kudos!!! until next time... Next chapter, the conclusion....
At all.
All he could do was hope for the best and make sure Tony got the information they needed that allowed them to rescue the missing SHIELD agents and unveil whatever it was HYDRA may have been up to behind in their new expensive vacation retreat.
The pressure the shower provided gave way to clearing some of his most unsavory thoughts.
He had failed Bucky, his friends… and Tony. Still, a nagging feeling clawed at the back of his mind, urging him to fight. After all, that’s what Captain America would have done, but what of Steve Rogers?
He smirked evilly, willing Steve’s body into submission. When would Steve understand he had no control over his fate? He had made his choice, now he’d have to lay in the sea of its consequences.
Steve didn’t know how long this went on. Him, with his arm flexed above his head, grasping the curtain bar and the old fabric hanging from them. His back was against the cold glass of the window. A fleeting thought passing through his mind hoped the window would withstand those violent trusts. He could hear cracks, longing for the wall next to them.
‘I can deal with it on my own,’ Steve replied jarringly, his voice clipped.
‘Lucky for you, I packed for two. I knew you’d be useless without me..,’ as Stark’s voice trailed off, proactively claiming his first victory in what he assumed would be many verbal sparring sessions with Cap.
Steve wasn’t sure what to make of that, but it gave him hope that at least a small part of Tony cared about him. Steve nodded for him to go on, unsure he could trust what would come out of his mouth.
His vision was fuzzy with white spots appearing, he was choking for air and none was coming. His face was turning red, his lips losing all of their warmth, tainting them blue like ice. He searched for Tony’s gaze. He couldn’t die here.
“You like that?” Tony pulled at all three dildos, sliding them out of Steve’s ass. Without warning he forcefully shoved them back in, making Steve’s hole take all three at their widest girth. Steve howled as he continued to cum, his back bowing upward even further, stripes of white reaching his face and neck.
“You sure you want this?” Clint asked, him voice low from being so turned on. He needed confirmation from Steve first… it would just make him feel better.
Tony cocked and eyebrow and rolled his eyes before removing his lips from Steve's and shifting down to attack Steve’s nipples with his fingers and mouth, latching onto a nipple, noisily sucking, as if he was expecting to receive milk from those massive tits. Steve arched up into Tony’s touch, his nipples on fire as they were tugged, twisted and bit into with a skilled, sucking mouth, leaving that perky flesh nice and red.
Steve encased Tony’s cock in his sopping wet mouth, swallowing it in one go. Tony gasped, his hands gripping the edge of the dresser.
“I’m cumming! I’m cumming! I’m cummingggg!!!” Steve cried. Tony was sent over the edge, climaxing hard. He stroked himself through it and kept fucking Steve through his orgasm. Tony’s few cumshots were mere drops compared to Steve’s. The soldier’s hot cum spilled onto the bed once more, his giant cock pulsing with each new wave of jizz. In the state of afterglow, Tony craned his neck to look at Steve’s sexy orgasm face. The smile, the drool, the glazed over eyes… He’s so gone, so wrecked. “Fuck, Steve.” Tony gasped. God he wished he could have seen that face when he came.
Steve had one leg mounted on the sink and his other leg planted on the ground. He leaned forward, his face and chest against the mirror, his rear stuck out. With his left hand he thrust the dildo into his ass, with his right he pumped his big shaft with long slow strokes. The tell tale splatters of white on the mirror and in the sink said that Steve came already. Cum dripped down his knuckles and into the sink.
They washed each other off in a flash and were back in the bedroom where Bruce was waiting patiently. “Sorry that took us longer than I thought.” Tony apologized. “Steve fingered himself till he came on me and I had to wash off too.” “I see…” Bruce’s gaze landed on Steve who was sitting on the end of the bed, his eyes full of lust as he gazed at the two men before him.
"A side effect of the serum..." The blonde ran his thumb over the tip of his cock and cupped his heavy balls. "I guess the scientists didn't take into account that everything about me would become superhuman."
Tony’s head snapped up and looked into the soldier’s eyes. “Of course not!” he scoffed. “I just don’t want you to forget who you belong to.” Tony slowly ran his index finger along the underside of Steve’s thick cock, marveling at it’s length. “You’re mine, Steve. Don’t you forget that.” Tony took Steve in his hand and squeezed hard. “Bruce may have touched you and made you cum,” he drew himself close and hissed into the soldier’s ear. “But I was the one who turned you back into the cock loving slut that you were made to be.”
‘Once at the resort, you’ll be on your own. Get the intel, find the agents, and get out. No heroics. Once you get there, give those names and you’ll be in.’
‘Well, someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed?’ Bucky said, walking past Steve. Steve gave a half-hearted glare in Bucky’s direction, who simply shrugged it off, the cup of coffee serving as a peace offering to which Steve gladly accepted.
He didn’t mean to feel this way, he didn’t want this. Not now. His mind was tearing itself apart. He didn’t know how to stop this. He didn’t think Tony was in the right state of mind to stop either. His head was addled by betrayal and lust. For every involuntary buck of his hips and for every moan torn from his lips, Stark only seemed to sink deeper into darkness, encouraged by the degraded form of his former friend.
It was Tony’s turn to remain quiet. It only made him double his efforts. If Steve was still this snarky, Tony figured he wasn’t doing something right.
. Why can’t you fucking get this through that thick head of yours?’ Tony muttered with vitriol at Steve’s head, the stabs of his throbbing cock amplifying in vigor.
Clint piped up, breaking some of the tension, ‘Awww man, why does he get to go?’ His finger pointed to Tony accusingly.
His hips and the moulds of his ass were clearly marred by the pressure that had previously been forced there by eager hands. He swallowed the bile that burned at his throat, threatening to escape its cage.
‘Come on…,’ Tony bent down for better access to the crook of Steve’s neck.
‘Something like that.... Just some stuff is harder to shake off is all. Nothing to worry about, Buck. Leave it alone.’
Tony crept closer, his warm breath caressing the side of his face.
Tony could feel the resentment emanating from Steve as he shot the man a glance from the corner of his eye.
Breaking Steve’s defensive guard, he aimed for his friend’s exposed chest with expert precision and stealth, startling Steve. Bucky ignored Steve’s feeble attempts at dislodging him and held strong.
In other circumstances, he might have even entertained the idea of giving up control. But now, he hated the prospect of it. Steve’s Adam’s apple bobbed up and down nervously when he heard footsteps slowly approaching, only to stop a few meters away. The vast space around them made them look insignificant.
to me! Y-you..urg…fuck…you did this…! You made me do this….God, I’m clo…se…’
The air felt heavy, the dark and empty space screamed danger.
Tony once again slapped his ass, his flesh creating small ripples under the constant assault. Every time the flat of Tony’s punishing hand met the curve of Steve’s ass, he heard Tony’s breath hitch in pleasure.
Punctuality wasn’t Tony’s strong suit.
Also, it has come to my attention that they are super soldiers. I am aware, but I like to believe that they can be like regular people and have dreams and still get undisturbed from them if they feel safe. It is fanfiction anyways ahahah.
The bulkier man tried to push lightly at the lean chest near his own hoping to catch his breath. It felt like Tony was trying to suck the life out of him when he sucked on his tongue. Sounds of moist lips clashing against each other in an attempt for dominance were heard, resonating through the grey walls of the compound. Tony grunted like a wild animal as he tongued at Steve’s talented mouth. Steve’s body was catching fire and was starting to react involuntarily.
‘I can’t…’ He lowered his head in shame, hiding it from Tony’s burning gaze. The sweet burning pain emanating from the ruffling of the fabric against his painfully erect penis only seemed to make Steve moan louder. His ass finally wide enough to take Tony’s constant plunging. It felt as if is body had accepted his situation before his mind could, bending to every one of Tony’s dangerous whims.
He heard the shuffle of clothes, probably Tony putting on his discarded jacket and fixing up his pants. Tony’s back was turned, shielding his expression from him.
Thank god for the serum and its ability to heal quickly. The fun he would have torturing Steve with this. Tony briefly wondered with every squeeze of his dick if the soldier would remain tight after every session.
Tony let his hard on settle on those plumped cheeks, the coarse material of Steve’s armored pants blocking his way as they partially covered Steve’s cheeks, hanging low on the man’s hips.
With a watchful eye, two figures emerged from the shadows looking at Stark’s retreating form.
Fine.
Steve wasn’t sure if he was impressed by Stark’s forwardness or put off by him calling his clothing choices less than adequate. He loved his clothes.
the soldier mused in his head,
thought the dark haired man.
Once the deed was done, Tony got up and left Steve on the floor.
Maria’s eyes travelled over the crowd of heroes, resting between Steve and Tony, unblinking.
Dark, toned fingers circled around the Soldier's pale wrist, simply resting there. Steve's eyes darted to Tony's bemused ones.
Tony felt his balls tightening, the head of his penis becoming sensitive. Steve was getting looser and looser by the minute. He slowed his pace to witness the debauched man before him. Steve was bruised and marked by Tony, as if he were his property, as if he had been branded with Tony’s mark.
‘N-no. No.no…’ Steve felt it. His blood boiled with excitement. He found himself meeting his captor’s violent thrusts. In his panic, Steve didn’t realize Tony had stopped moving, letting Steve rock his hips on his flesh. He blushed when he realized he had been the one seeking friction.
Tony grunted, his pace sporadic. He felt his orgasm building. Even in pain, Steve’s erection never waned. He could feel the other man tense, fighting the incoming orgasm.
Steve’s body tensed at the thought, questioning his body’s intentions. As soon as the words passed through those smirking lips, Steve’s hands timidly moved in front of his perky nipples and his well defined abs to afford some protection.
Hope you like this installment.
The bruises weren’t wholly visible, but Bucky had seen the oddly shaped marks protruding from the Captain’s exposed skin, as if Steve had been subdued.
His heart hammered relentlessly in his chest at what that noise meant.
Steve saw red, his mind blank, only to be filled by rage and a sense of powerlessness. His body carried itself by what could only be described as protective instinct. What rushed towards Tony's baffled face was pure, untamed force.
Hurt.
Just the thought of this man made Bucky’s blood boil. How he wanted to punch him in his fucking face.
While Steve and Tony mulled things over, the others decided to voice their opinions finally figuring out Tony and Steve had been chosen when they picked on the whimsy glances between them.
Bucky sighed, dropping his cup onto a nearby table.
Fear?
‘SHIELD has how much money…and these are the best fake identities you could give us?” Tony asked with a perplexed look on his face as he quickly flipped through the pages.
His dick swelled, glazing Steve’s puckering hole with his precum, until he rammed it back in, stealing a short grunt from Steve’s glazed lips. Steve felt the building pleasure pooling inside his belly, threatening to burst free.
His eyes fluttered closed once again, barring his mind from reality, trying hard to focus solely on healing, on the pleasurable sensations of the water cascading down the moulds of his plush ass, down to the curve of his lower back only to finish its descent along his muscled calves.
‘Well, maybe I’ll listen more if you’d take the stick out of your ass, Rogers.’ Tony flung himself out of his chair.
He'd crushed the phone to pieces. Why couldn't Stark take no for an answer?
Tony coughed as he was prompted up, Steve's grip pushing at his throat, cutting off his airflow. Spewing blood all over the other's hand as he talked, Tony flashed a bloody set of teeth, his features accentuated by the dim rays from the moon filtered by the curtains.
Seeing Steve’s face lose its color brought Tony closer to orgasm. He rocked his body forward while Steve choked.
‘What the hell, Tony!’ exclaimed Steve, his words impossible to make sense of since his voice was restricted. Tony’s hand wouldn’t budge no matter how much he tried to bite at it with his teeth. All it did was move Tony’s cock deeper within him with every struggle.
Those dark eyelashes fluttered close, taking in their close proximity while Steve laid there, waiting for his next order. Something pulled at Steve; an urge to touch and hug Tony in an attempt to appeal to him, to show him how he regretted everything. Instead, all that came out of his mouth was a simple and doting, ‘Tony…’
Fidgeting in place, he stared into the horizon, contemplating the probability of a successful mission.
Eventually, his hands became rougher, nearly rubbing the skin raw as he cleansed each area Tony had laid waste to. It wouldn’t go away. The phantom stain remained.
Steve’s brain was far from content with the prospect of having Tony ram his fat dick inside him, yet his body had a mind of its own. He hated the feeling. He hated being at the mercy of his impulses, his most primal urges.
Tony couldn’t hope for a better way to claim Steve. Steve’s pleas were music to his ears.
‘Ah! Ah! What?! Y-you... think...you can...stop...me..? I. Own. You.’
Barely a whisper, Tony muttered, ‘I hate you,’ which was punctuated with each move of his hips.
Steve’s silence was telling as she paused before saying, ‘You might be wrong you know…’
‘Shut up...just...shut up,’ snarled Tony. Steve’s face fell, while Tony’s hardened.
‘Where were you?’
‘Still so tight…’ voiced Tony in pure elation.
Steve hadn’t meant to, but after everything, he wouldn’t let Bucky fall into Tony’s hands.
Voilà! Hope you liked it. I love the character development aspect so much. Poor Steve, but he keeps strong! I wonder for how long? Tony is ….well.... in a very dark place and it will keep on coming. Thanks so much for the positive reviews, kudos and comments! Next chapter explores Tony's rage and plans for STeve and Steve's comeback to home...
‘That’s it…fuck…yes….I’m gonna…shit… You’re …mine…Take me…God…I should have fucked you years ago…’
‘Come here.’
‘Just got us some coffee down the street and I can cover my tracks just fine. No need to bite my head off.’
As much as Steve wanted to blame Tony for fucking with his life, perhaps he’d done this to himself, he had made those choices. To protect himself, he had lied, once again, but to his best friend. He couldn’t begrudge Bucky for never answering his messages, no matter how worried Steve was.
“Wait! Romanoff, this is Steve’s stuff. He’s working on a project for us, why do you gotta flip through it,” Tony started to panic, trying to push the woman out of the way to at least preserve some of Steve’s privacy. However, as he shoved her off the papers, Tony couldn’t help but take a look. And what he saw was for sure not what he was expecting.
“Well, I’m here to be the voice to tell you to get it together. Today’s the day. I’ve reached my peak of dealing with your ass making us do team movie nights even though you want it to just be you and Steve.” She added an extra eye roll at the end.
He could bitterly taste the disappointment in Steve’s little whelps and yips through his unrelenting thrusts, but he didn’t give a damn. His compassion for Steve had been left on the cold, bloody ground of Siberia. All that was left was his lust and yearning to control the man who made his life difficult. Steve’s hole clenching around his dick felt wonderful. He was already devising a new plan to get his dick wet in the future.
Thanks so much so far for the love and comments and kudos! I didn't expect much from this story, so thanks!
At least, I'm happy with the dialogue ahaha. Enjoy this conclusion for this fanfiction, hope you enjoy it.
‘Yes...
While his arm clutched at Tony’s dark, hairy forearm, he attempted a weak murmur, hoping to ease the grip.
Steve’s blond head turned around, his eyes carefully watching Bucky’s hand perched on his neck.
He bit through his gritted teeth, ‘My parent’s murderer! You knew and you kept it a secret! Protecting yourself! Protecting
‘Most would argue there is plenty wrong with me,’ Tony smirked at his own joke. ‘You know, you aren’t trying very hard, Rogers. I thought you wanted our friends out of that place.’
‘Go on Cap... How about a kiss hmm, to get us in the mood?’ Tony glared at him expectantly.
‘Arg…’ He couldn’t take back the moan that left his lips and he couldn’t forget the tremors his own dick responded with. If the ground could swallow him up, he would gladly let it.
For a moment, things settled down, until Bruce shyly raised his hand, ‘Hm, one question…’ he paused, ‘Why them?’ Bruce asked. Bruce wasn’t stupid, both men were remarkable and quite the team when they worked together. Yet, it was easier said than done.
Not caring for Steve’s weak attempts at fighting him off, he angled himself better, taking his time plunging in, exploring once more the confines of Steve’s tight heat. He slowly picked up the pace, keeping the rhythm steady, careful not to spill too quickly.
But Bucky would be damned if he let this shit go.
‘N-No… ahh! N-ever me…Tony I didn’t-’ he choked back a moan. His respiratory tract was burning under the press of Tony’s grip. Fingers dug into the sides of his throat, every gulp of his Adam’s apple constricted by the palm of Tony’s punishing hand.
She appeared silently by his side while Steve turned and flashed her a faint smile.
Maria, a bit surprised by the thoughtfulness behind Stark’s question, responded candidly.
‘Is that a question, or a fact?’ sassed Steve, unmoving. His eyes speaking volumes as Tony’s conviction hardened. A slap connected with his cheek, whipping his face to the side.
