“Well done, you.”
John already has a vendetta against Stevens for the things he’s said—how will he be able to contain his rage when he hears that Stevens threatened Sherlock, this time not just verbally but physically as well?
John’s mouth is wet and soft, and he feels his cock give a half-hearted throb inside of John in response.
She clearly wants to help, and he is impressed with her determination, in spite of himself. Many women would have fled in terror at the first sign that something was amiss. But it is imperative that no one notices that the Lieutenant is ill, and it would be far too conspicuous for both of them to help him from the room. Besides the fact that as an unmarried woman, if Miss Hooper were to set foot in the Lieutenant’s private quarters, her reputation would surely suffer.
What if John knows exactly how he looks? What if his intention is to re-direct the captain’s rage from the boy onto himself? That would be exactly like John—offering up himself in place of someone he believes is innocent.
It is also apparent that Mr. Ferguson has some theories of his own as to the captain’s motivations. How truthful they may be is difficult to say, but Sherlock is interested in any information that anyone has, surmised or no, on the captain’s reasons for throwing a party in the middle of the voyage.
“Obviously.” Sherlock didn’t look up. He was on his knees beside the body, examining the incisions in the chest. The man was still in his white butcher’s uniform; the clothing had been cut away as neatly as the flesh. “These incisions were made while he was still alive, seemingly with the intent to cause him the maximum possible pain. John, can you ascertain time of death?”
“Well aren’t you a greedy thing?” John leaned forward with a feral grin, and Sherlock’s eyes flashed up at him—something bright and hungry glittering in each pupil amidst the fog of lust.
Sherlock stands, glaring at Anderson with every ounce of his ire, unconsciously assuming his haughtiest expression.
John bent down and very slowly slid his tongue over the head of Sherlock’s cock. He wrapped one hand around the base, keeping his other hand on Sherlock’s inner thigh. He felt Sherlock’s body tense as his tongue made a slow circle.
When he reaches his room, he latches the door behind himself, and stands for he does not know how long with his forehead pressed against the door, his breathing shallow and erratic, waiting for the feeling to subside—the compulsion to tear back up the stairs and cry out to John through the darkness, to pull John down from his post and into his arms, just so he can feel John’s body under his hands, feel his heart beat, alive and steady beneath his palms.
Ferguson takes a loaded step forward, his expression deranged. “Don’t think this means I’m giving up. I’ll find another way, and
Sherlock bends forward to press an open-mouthed kiss to John’s other nipple, exhaling softly against the damp skin before looking up at John.
It’s at this point that Deverall returns to the table with his arms full of drinks. He passes several down the table and then, hearing the pleas of the others, makes a point of offering one to John.
Mercifully, he is saved from responding by a corpulent passenger in a decaying military jacket coming up behind Lestrade and throttling him in what Sherlock can only assume is an expression of good will. While Lestrade is being grappled in the man’s vise-like grip, Sherlock slips behind his back and away toward freedom.
John found himself studying Sherlock’s hands, the narrow dips between his knuckles, the graceful curve of his pointer finger where it rested on the handle, and the long line of his middle finger where it bent around the blade.
Finally, Sherlock cannot stand it anymore, if John does not want to answer, he does not have to, but he has to at least ask.
He had never told anyone that story before. Not even his therapist who had tried her hardest to draw it out of him. It was one of those things he wasn’t even aware he carried with him, how it affected him always, tucked out of sight like a hard, dark weight under his ribs.
Sherlock shuts the door carefully behind him, his mind full of how John will look when he sees him later this afternoon, climbing up the rigging with the sun shining on his bare shoulders, blue sky at his back.
That touch in the elevator had felt extremely sexual to John, but Sherlock’s moods were so sudden, so changeable, it was best not to expect that they remain consistent from one moment to the next.
There was something especially erotic about seeing Sherlock’s elegant fingers covered by white gloves. John had always liked Sherlock’s hands but seeing those long dexterous fingers wrapped around the delicate pair of opera glasses made the immense size of his hands all the more apparent.
As always, your feedback is much appreciated, so leave me a comment if you feel so inclined.
Panic took the breath from his lungs. He tried to scramble to his feet but he found no purchase on the slippery floor and before he could rise, someone seized hold of his arms and pushed them up over his head.
The murmuring of the crowd has begun to swell as the reality of this news sinks in, as they determine that Lieutenant Dimmock is in fact telling them the truth.
But once again he cannot think how to put his horror into words.
“Come on, John,” Sherlock growled, teeth dragging down John’s neck, pausing briefly to suck a bruise into the underside of John’s throat. “Come
Due to the patches of darkness between the lanterns, Sherlock cannot make out his face, but he can see that the man’s trousers are soaked to the knees with filthy water, his kerchief knotted over his nose and mouth in an effort to keep out the stink.
John takes a step back to reach into his jacket and pull out his flask. He hands it to Sherlock with a wink. “Knock yourself out.”
He does not stop to gauge how far behind him John may be, he simply keeps on swimming until he feels his limbs begin to tire, until his breath begins to burn in his lungs from the exertion. It’s much sooner than he would have liked, and it is with disappointment that he feels his progress slow however minutely.
John put his arms around Sherlock, let his chin rest on the top of Sherlock’s matted hair, and Sherlock burrowed closer, his breath shuddering into the skin of John’s neck—too quick.
Sherlock pursed his lips.
He swung helplessly, succeeding in nothing but furthering his own humiliation. Moriarty laughed harder and shoved John’s trousers down to his knees.
John’s lips trace the underside of Sherlock’s jaw.
Sherlock feels like he is filling up with music, like he is filling up with light, as though he is one moment away from dissolving into something more than flesh and bone, his soul bursting out of him in a shimmer of notes.
“You should see him when we reach a new port—the ladies are lining the docks even before we’ve laid anchor.”
John laughs lightly against him, leaning in to press a kiss to Sherlock’s sweaty cheek. “Easy there, love. We have to go slowly. Remember what I said? I don’t want to hurt you.”
in Welsh. Seems appropriate.”
“Yes.” John takes it from Sherlock and pulls the stopper out. “It’s not the nicest smelling stuff… another reason I wanted to wait until we reached Rio to do this—I could get something much nicer there—but this will work just as well.”
“Sally, may I present to you, Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, Sally Donovan.”
It isn’t his fault—he can’t help himself.
Sherlock dropped a kiss to John’s chest. Then he lifted his head and John saw the gleam of his teeth in the darkness.
Lestrade’s eyes flicker for the source of the speaker for a moment before settling on Sherlock.
But he closes his mouth before he can get the words out, realizing too late that of course he cannot tell John. If he told John what he was going to do, John would only worry; or worse, try to stop him.
The sting Sherlock felt at Mycroft’s betrayal made him aware that there was still some part of him that craved his brother’s approval, that longed for his respect; that wished he could summon one scrap of affection to throw his way, but Sherlock would never admit this to anyone. He had hardly admitted it to himself.
“You’re all right,” he breathed. “I’m right here.” He pressed another kiss to Sherlock’s hairline, where the curls were pushed back from his forehead. “I’m right here.”
Sherlock’s mind is a blur of frantic calculations, racing on ahead of his infuriatingly slow body as he picks his way over the slippery stones on the shoreline. He is lucky—very lucky that the river is at low tide, but the stones are slick with mud, and Sherlock almost falls twice as he makes his way up the bank so he must walk carefully, painfully slowly, knowing that every second is another one in which John has not drawn breath.
, but there are so many people around, it’s impossible to tell.
With effort, Sherlock lifts his head.
John sleeps for the remainder of their time together.
“John—”
“I would have killed him. If the others hadn’t stopped me.” John shuts his eyes briefly. “I was so worried that he’d hurt you.”
“Good luck, lad.”
Without saying a word to John, he leaps off the bed and throws himself with all his might against the case that stands between the end of his bed and the wall. It only takes two shoves to move it aside and reveal the hole in the wall behind it.
“Come on!”
John’s eyes cloud with some emotion Sherlock cannot read, and something in Sherlock’s chest stirs faintly in warning. He draws his hands down the lengths of Sherlock’s arms and then squeezes his hands one final time before sitting back.
“It’s g-good,” Sherlock choked out, rocking his hips in an effort to get John’s fingers to move. “But I need—”
“Sit back. It’s my turn to do some experimenting.”
“Please, John.
If they remain for any length of time, the odds are high that not only passengers, but also, some of the crew will have the chance to come ashore.
“What are you doing skulking back here, Holmes? I should think you have something better to do than lounging around on deck. But that’s why you’re here, isn’t it? Your family never could find a useful occupation for you. I suppose being at sea wouldn’t change any of that.”
The piles of papers and random objects that usually threatened to spill over the surface of the desk in the middle of the room had been tidied up and set off to one side.
He really seems to believe it.
Sherlock returns to his room, uncertain whether to feel relieved that he managed to escape yet another close brush with danger, or disappointed that he’d come so close to finding out more and been met with such resounding defeat.
An enormous man with a red beard and a tattoo of a mermaid on his muscular forearm booms a greeting from Sherlock’s other side. “Anyone who has the good opinion of our John Watson has mine as well. Good to make your acquaintance, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlock considers briefly just how risky it would be to attempt to sneak into the captain’s cabin to read that letter, but dismisses the idea almost at once. The captain is no fool; he will have burned the letter as soon as Lestrade left his cabin. If it contained any information at all about his illicit dealings on shore, he would not leave it lying around to be discovered.
Sherlock bent low over him, blue eyes sparking with curiosity. “Why is this happening?”
Deverall nods, and with a final curious glance at Sherlock, leaves the room.
Sherlock feels a flare of some intense emotion at her words, and it takes a moment for him to realize it is part joy and part relief. He is touched by her generosity, and he is startled to find his own throat grown tight with gratitude.
“Oh, Sherlock.”
He let it go but he couldn’t stop himself pressing another kiss to it—just the bottom lip.
John pulled Sherlock’s shaking torso down against him. “Come here.”
Sherlock hopped nimbly out of the carriage with altogether too much grace for a man who’d just been on his knees moaning around another man’s cock.
in your jacket, making your own intentions quite clear.”
It doesn’t make sense.
Sherlock can hear John’s breathing go thin.
John’s voice is desperate, pleading, and suddenly, Sherlock feels tears stinging at the corners of his eyes. The last thing he wants to do is make John look like that.
But this time, this, of all times, Sherlock hadn’t
And then, halfway through the last act, they watched their target get up out of his seat. Sherlock excused himself and made his way to the aisle, John following in his wake like a silent shadow, his eyes following the narrow line of Sherlock’s shoulders and thinking about how much he wanted to pull the well-cut jacket off of him and run his hands over the muscles he knew were underneath.
Sherlock manages to successfully exit the captain’s cabin without incident.
so much—when Sherlock can astonish him, can bring that bright and breathless quality to his voice, it makes Sherlock’s whole body go warm with pleasure.
Sherlock can only whimper in response. He is suddenly immensely grateful for the presence of the massive stack of cables at his back, otherwise there would be nothing holding him up as his legs have long since lost their capacity to stand.
The gash was deep and bleeding heavily.
“Alright, my love. You want it quick? I’ll make it quick.” There is a hard edge suddenly in John’s voice, a roughness that makes Sherlock think of smoke and gunpowder, of John yelling orders over the roar of cannon fire. His eyes are dark in the dim light of Sherlock’s cabin but there is something dangerous glittering at the center of each pupil. The sight of it makes Sherlock shiver in anticipation.
“What language is that?”
“How on earth…?”
Molly blushes.
He keeps it, folded against his palm, as though he needs the physical weight of it to convince himself that it exists.
The smell of Sherlock beside him—some new brand of expensive aftershave that Sherlock had no doubt purchased exclusively for this trip, muted, sultry, mixed with the smell of the cold and the heat of his body from the chase, was more apparent now than ever in the confined space of the elevator, and the bouquet of scents seemed to tug actively at John’s self-restraint.
He keeps one hand in Sherlock’s hair, smoothing his fingers through the curls, the other rubbing circles into Sherlock’s back.
He ends up writing John’s name over and over as he thinks. He doesn’t even realize he’s doing it, until he comes back to himself and sees the page covered with
He feels pinned by his emotions, caught, trembling and fragile beneath the immensity of all that he wants, as though if he makes the wrong move, says the wrong thing, the shimmering dreamlike quality of it all—the perfection of it—John’s voice so full of awe, John’s hands so sweetly cupping his face—will shatter, and be lost.
Feeling like he’s been drugged.
“Oh yes,” John says, leaning in, his voice full of a lovely kind of dark promise. “But I’d prefer not to present you to anyone right now... I’d much rather keep you to myself.”
Sherlock is filled again with the desire to bite at John’s mouth.
Sherlock can see from the gentle rise and fall of his chest that he’s breathing deep and even; is likely asleep.
Her face reemerges in the doorway and she looks doubly worried. “No, I didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary.”
is that instrument he’s playing?”
At long last, John sits back, closing his leather bag with a snap, and looks up at Sherlock.
In spite of his confusion, John felt himself melting under Sherlock’s mouth and Sherlock took advantage of his pliancy to drag his hand back up the length of John’s cock and reach for his zipper. He pulled it down in one sinuous movement and before John could stop him, his hand was reaching in between the folds of John’s trousers, taking the hot hard length of John in his hand.
, Sherlock feels like his whole body is humming in contentment.
Shit gets real.
This time Sherlock’s hips jerked up beneath John’s warm, attentive mouth as if begging of their own accord for his journey to continue downward.
The fact that John had managed to stay awake the whole cab ride home didn’t stop Sherlock from hovering anxiously around him as he climbed out of the cab, or casting furtive, side-long looks in his direction as they made their way up the stairs to the flat.
“Should I stop?” he gasps.
he thought fiercely to himself.
Sherlock tries to arrange his features into an expression which he hopes conveys equal amounts of contrition and desperation.
“I can see what the Colonel was talking about. Something feels… not right, doesn’t it?”
Sherlock’s fingers were still stroking his hair. He leaned into the touch.
The sailors give a triumphant cheer at the end of the song. Half Pint Lee, who’s sitting on the other side of John, leans in and pounds John on the arm in gratitude.
green as the moss on the bellies of old trees,
“Don’t mind if I do. You look like you could use a drink. Here.”
Sherlock wakes with a gasp, a raging erection pressing into his stomach.
“John, will you let me try again?”
It’s the same way he was looking at Sherlock when he was playing earlier but it’s somehow more awe-struck, more reverent; more full of tenderness than Sherlock could make out from across the room. His brow is furrowed as though with sorrow, his blue eyes deep and dark.
Emma Gibbons is leaning in so close to Deverall that she’s practically in his lap, but her companion is making far less headway with the palpably sweating Dimmock. He keeps nervously glancing over to the quarterdeck where Lieutenant Lestrade is standing with Mr. Graves, the shipmaster; both men are watching the proceedings on deck with what looks like varying degrees of concern.
“Whose drinking?” Murdy asked curiously, resuming her seat at the table. John swallowed hard and blinked. He hadn’t noticed her hanging up the phone or coming back to the table.
Neither Murdy or Sherlock replied, although both wore similarly unhopeful expressions. He sighed, and began to walk again. “Come on. At least we know she definitely came this way now.”
As John sprang to his feet, he saw that her face was shining with sweat, panic-stricken. “Doctor Watson!”
Violet frowned and shrugged, eating her own breakfast with rather more elegance and restraint than her cousin. “I don’t know about the rozzers, but the village certainly seems to think so. I mean, yes, the tonic did come from his shop; but what kind of idiot would decide to poison people in such a ludicrous way? It’s the only place you can buy the stuff within twenty miles, it’s beyond obvious that it would lead back to Antonelli’s. And the poor chap ended up drinking it himself, and nearly died from it. He might have done that to throw off the scent, admittedly; but it would be terribly risky.”
Sherlock had taken one look at his tense face, the lip bitten in an attempt to keep from gasping; and had pulled away violently, his eyes wide. John did gasp then, his breath hissing out as his leg slipped from Sherlock’s shoulder to land clumsily on the bed.
Violet glared, crossing her legs in a sudden impatient gesture. “
John paused mid-way through unlacing his snow-covered boots and looked up at the Aberdeen constabulary’s finest. “Er, you two do know who this one is, right?” he jerked his head at Sherlock, who was now interestedly peering into the cake tin. ”He’s quite good at this sort of thing. We’re doing our best to help with the case, same as you.” he said mildly.
Sherlock snorted quietly and squirmed around until he was comfortably curled against John’s back, tugging at his arm until it was satisfactorily arranged around his shoulder.
John was struck by the drop in temperature as they stepped off the train into the Victorian splendour of Waverley Station. The journey had only taken four hours, but Scottish climes were certainly different to those of London. The station was quite busy, and he scanned the crowds looking for a woman who fitted the description that Sherlock had given him. Unfortunately, Sherlock had neglected to mention any physical characteristics, and after their conversation on the train he had felt wary of asking anything about how Violet looked.
“Certainly, John. Do go on.”
John decided not to protest, although he was a little taken aback. He pressed on Sherlock’s shoulder to indicate that he wanted the man to tip the back of his head under the water, and then finished the job of wetting Sherlock’s hair with his empty coffee mug. As he had dropped it into the water earlier, he supposed it was clean enough.
“I’m just going to see Violet.” he said tersely. “Please let go of my arm, George.”
to hear his brothers voice.
this place, Doctor Watson.”
Mrs Holmes stared at the two youngest members of the group and somehow felt a gulf opening up. She suddenly became tremendously aware of her age, of the aching in her joints and of the number of pills for various ailments she had to take every day. She looked at the tremor in her husband’s hands as he fumbled slightly with the heavy silver cutlery. She noticed the lines that had appeared around Sherrinford’s eyes and mouth, the reddish tinge to his aquiline nose.
“Can I take a look at you?” he asked, instead. “You’re bleeding.”
“You had an argument with your brother this morning. You broke something of his, something valuable...” Violet paused, considering. Sherlock watched her expectantly as she scanned his chin, the top buttons of his shirt and the fingers of his left hand. “Oh! His mobile phone. Did you do it on purpose?”
John blinked rapidly. “Um. Well. I suppose she is a bit religious; some people might find it upsetting to see something like that going on outside a church.”
, John would have been itching to fight; to defend; to throw himself into a melee with never a thought for his own personal safety. And Sherlock would be shoulder to shoulder with him as he advanced, straight-backed and sure; his face not betraying the [not good] bone-deep rightness and glee that came from the two of them, fighting together.
“The second group consists of those who see me as... something of a challenge. Someone to gain mastery over. I think you can see how Irene fell into that group rather easily, although I was admittedly rather intrigued by her at the time. Moriarty. Magnussen. And unfortunately, the few sexual encounters I have had in the past have all been with the kind of person who wishes to dominate or control me, John.” Sherlock said, quietly. “I hated it.”
“Well done, John.” Sherlock said in a tone that almost managed to sound unpatronising. John cuffed him gently around the ear. “Yes, the poison was injected through the seal and cork. This is almost definitely a bottle that was tampered with.”
“Get bent, you muppet!” Violet shouted back in mock outrage, releasing John and facing Sherlock with her hands on her hips. “I never agreed to that, you just swept in and told me I wasn’t allowed to steal your blogger!”
like? Will he expect me to-)
“Please.” Sherlock said, looking around the large dark space with visible interest. “This place has barely changed since I was last in here.”
on you.”
They sat for a long while in silence, staring at the dying embers; each lost in their own thoughts. The cold was relentless, but at least there was some heat in sitting pressed together.
Neither Hilary nor Basil lingered at the dinner table for long after Sherlock finished addressing the group. Hilary was the first to leave, roughly pushing back her chair and sweeping from the room without saying another word to her fellow guests. Her spine was rigid as she made her way to the door, and both John and Violet could see her tightly clenched fists at her sides as they watched her go.
Within seconds, he was gone; the wheels of the land-rover crunching heavily down the driveway. Violet adopted a bright smile and waved cheerfully as they disappeared out of the high gates.
“Well you’d been gone for ages!” Murdy burst out, ferociously. “We were coming to help!”
After dinner John, Violet and Sherlock abandoned the washing up and carried their coffee and brandy into the shadowy conservatory. The air was heavy and damp, redolent of earth and greenery. The vented metal floor was warm and steamed slightly under John’s feet as he followed Violet through a cluster of palms to an intimate group of chairs near the small koi pond.
“I gave her around three thousand pounds in total; I really couldn’t spare any more as I had to pay for the engagement ring. I don’t know what she did with the money; I rather think she must have given at least some of it to Freddie – he hadn’t a bean, poor old chap. But you must believe me,” he said suddenly and beseechingly. “I really, honestly, had absolutely nothing to do with the knife. I swear I didn’t. I’d never do that to Sandra, never. I mean, how could I? It would be unthinkable.”
“No, you’re right. I bloody don’t” Violet agreed, and poured him some more coffee. “But I think it’s just as well Patrick has his painting at the moment. An artistic outlet is doing him a lot of good, I think. He’s not really the type to pour his heart out. I was surprised he said anything at all to you the other night.”
“It’s alright.” John said, trying to keep his voice level. He couldn’t look away from that mouth. Sherlock stopped biting his lip and it was flushed and slick when he released it. “We... we don’t need to rush into anything. You can think on it as long as...as long as you want.”
There was another faint noise from within, the unmistakeable crackling of paper. A pause, then an unexpected soft “Ummmm.”
“How about the fans?” John pondered aloud. “I mean, some of them on the forums – they’d be gagging to get a look at some nude Sherlock drawings. You could post them on my blog, if you like?”
The nurse pulled back the curtain halfway, leaving the cubicle largely concealed from the rest of the ward. A slender, rather washed out woman in her late fifties was feebly raising herself on her elbows and John hurriedly handed her the controls for elevating the bed. She smiled at him weakly, and after a moment or two of squinting at the buttons, she managed to face them.
He glanced through the door of the student’s common room on his way to the main staircase, hearing music and loud conversation coming from within. The room looked as if it must have once been a servant’s hall, with quite bare walls and high narrow windows. Comfortable looking but mismatched old sofas and armchairs lined the walls, and there was a decrepit looking ping-pong table at the end nearest the door. Patrick Singh was obviously just arriving from somewhere, and he was shrugging off his long wool overcoat and removing his felt hat when John poked his head through the door.
As she turned, he caught sight of something that was making the pocket of her smart draped cardigan bulge oddly. It seemed unlike her to neglect a detail of her appearance like that, and he craned his neck to take a look as she paused to peruse the newly arrived post on the hall table.
(When did you ever react like that to a bloke flirting with Mary? With any girlfriend you ever had?)
John craned his neck and saw the sweep of Patrick’s coat disappearing down a side street. They sped up and caught sight of him vanishing into a narrow alleyway just as they turned the corner onto a steeply pitched and curving street lined with towering grey buildings and brightly painted wooden shopfronts. Patrick had swept up a flight of steep stone steps through a narrow archway and they made haste to follow him, creeping along a wide stone terrace and ducking through another murky alleyway. Passers-by were markedly fewer here, seeming to prefer the well lit thoroughfares to the dim winding closes that surrounded the steep Royal Mile.
“I don’t know what set her off, but I don’t like it. She’s not the type to pitch a fit, laddie. Not a bit of it. I've been her housekeeper for nearly a decade now, and I've never seen her like that. I don’t know if it’s the present mess or if it’s something new. But you and that big galoot – you’ll try and sort it out, won’t you?” her usually hard features were oddly pleading.
John sighed. “Will somebody
“Kiss me?”
Sherlock thrashed around under the covers, turning to face John. He looked rather exasperated and his hair was wildly untidy. John bit his lip to stifle a smile.
“Yes. Violet is not in fact a Holmes. She was briefly married to my uncle Sherrinford a long time ago, but he drank himself to death shortly after. Not her doing, incidentally.”
in his ear. Menzies sipped his coffee appreciatively and was eating a croissant and blackberry jam with the greatest signs of pleasure as John said good morning to him.
“It’s got really quite a lot of interesting material.” Sherlock said blithely, flicking through the pages. “I’ll have to add several things to the schedule. And it’s got very illuminating illustrations. I mean, I’m not entirely sure I’d want to try
“About bloody time, you gits! There’s a time and a place for fornicating all over the joint; but cocktail hour is
of all places.
Sherlock looked meaningfully at the handful of creased fabric in John’s hand, before meeting his gaze. “Say you’re the one that found it this morning. We’ll keep her out of it as much as we can. Thank God it’s the holidays – these two are so wet behind the ears they could keep
“Although if we’d thought of it we might have stuck some castor oil into Miss Argyle’s clotted cream.” Rab said thoughtfully.
John rolled his eyes and sat down next to him. “I’m John Watson, Mr. Antonelli.” he said, reaching out to shake the man’s hand gently. He looked rather fragile, but he clasped John’s hand firmly.
was... from a fairly humble background, somewhere near Slough. Her parents died when she was quite young, and she was brought up by two of her aunts. She never spoke about her background much, and I think she was a bit embarrassed.
With an effort, he pulled his hand out from under Sherlock’s shirt, stroking his stomach a little wistfully as he did so. He ended up brushing his wrist against the front of Sherlock’s pajama bottoms in the process and his eyes widened. He hoped Sherlock hadn’t seen the expression that was doubtless on his face.
“I must say, Miss Vernet, that you are looking very lovely this evening.”
John stared at him, feeling almost shocked at the depth of concern in Sherlock’s face. And with a sense of shame he thought of Patrick, for the first time in what seemed like eons. He put down the map slowly.
“So, what do you think so far?” John asked, after a few miles of companionable silence. “About the case, I mean. Obviously, Miss Argyle is barking; but do you think any of the Antonelli’s could be involved?”
“Hah! Mycroft hates Scotland. He never comes here if he can possibly avoid it. The only time he’s been here in the last five years was to arrange the outcome of the independence referendum. Stop panicking, John! He didn’t come here with the express purpose of asking you what your
John opened and shut his mouth a couple of times, reluctant to betray a confidence and unsure about where to start. Eventually he merely sighed and said: “Mycroft Holmes is a fucking idiot.”
Basil sat in his chair, giving the impression of a man who desperately wanted to seem casual. He leant back, with one ankle slung across the opposite knee. He directed a charming, if slightly shaky smile at John and Sherlock and grasped the arm of his chair tightly. John was bemused and more than a little perplexed at Basil’s desperate attempt to appear relaxed. His upper lip was lightly beaded with sweat, and his hairline was glistening slightly. The sun streamed through the open study curtains and made his genial face appear bleached and pale.
The snow continued to fall outside, silently and heavier every minute. It coated the motionless blades of the helicopters that stood on the drive, covering them with a thickening layer of white.
“Terribly sorry, Doctor Watson. You’re simply not my type.” George said, with exaggerated tact.
The ache persisted, spreading slowly along the back of his head. Sherlock huddled fitfully in his blanket, and closed his eyes so that he wouldn’t have to look at the shards of china that still littered the floor.
[Forty five seconds. Faint give at the lower edge; redirect pressure by five centimetres to the right-]
It was horribly sweet tea, too strong and without enough milk. John took a sip, and it burned his frozen lips. But the faint pain of it grounded him. He still felt chilled and hollow, but his thoughts were clearing rapidly. Violet sat down close to him and leant into his side.
“I’m taking him down to the station,” Dalziell called on the threshold of the front door. He didn’t look up at the group, focussing on keeping a firm hold on the silent minister.
Margaret appeared from the cloakroom, and stood in the narrow doorway. She folded her arms and watched Hilary impassively, with the air of a bouncer making sure that a troublemaker was vacating the premises. John felt rather awkward. Some small part of him still pitied her in a way, and something in the way she held herself made him wonder if she was on the verge of crying or shouting. He was on the verge of saying something, although he wasn’t quite sure what, when he heard another set of footsteps coming down the stairs.
“Sherlock, you got through the kitchen door all of thirty seconds after me. Violet should never have had to face that situation. It was sick, and wrong. But,” he added, reaching out and nudging Sherlock’s knee. “Vi is tough as hell. You know that, much better than I do. And the way she swung that pan… sodding
John glanced at Sherlock who pulled a faint face and shrugged. “I suppose she’s got a point. Can you swim?” he added as an afterthought.
Sherlock squatted next to the small rounded prints and tested the edge of the indent with a gloved forefinger. “Mm. Well done, John. Definite possibility. These were made within the last hour at most.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pulled up a low chair from next to the marble-topped dressing table. He propped his long legs up on the end of the bath so that he faced John, leaning back with his arms folded. “You were very quiet on the journey back.”
“This is Charlie. Come and say hello,” she ordered, looking at him expectantly. Her voice was a little hoarse, and as John forced himself to move towards the animal he wondered if this was because she didn’t use it much.
“Here you go, PC Dalziell.” Petty said, re-entering the shop with a glass bottle of milk in either hand. “Sorry to make you wait.”
“What is it?”
“Shut up, you two! What kind of eejit talks about poisoning folks in front of bloody detectives?!” Murdy snapped, looking sorely tried. “Pheemy and Griz are in there at the mo, but I’m sure Dad is bloody ready to see the back of them by now. I’ll tell them to shove off so you can have a word.”
He took Sherlock’s strangled noise as a yes, and slowly pressed a little deeper. It was so hot inside Sherlock, the tight rings of muscle gradually allowing him entrance. He dabbed some more lube on the loosened pink hole, relishing the slick way his finger pushed deep inside. Once he was sure that Sherlock had relaxed sufficiently, he sank his index finger as deeply as he could inside his arse. After a moment or two of slow probing (oh god, so tightslickhotwethot) he felt the gland under his fingertip. Sherlock clenched around him and wailed quietly into his forearm. He experimented with stroking the smooth nub, trailing the tip of his finger around the edge. Sherlock’s hands clenched the sheets convulsively, his breath hitching. When John kneaded a little more firmly, Sherlock shouted aloud; his hips bucking sharply.
He watched Sherlock flick the lid of the box open and watched the detective’s long slender fingers rifle deftly through a collection of small plastic envelopes and bottles.
“There you are, pet!” he exclaimed, watching Murdy wriggle out of her coat. She discarded it over the back of one of the unoccupied kitchen chairs, before dropping a brusque kiss on his head by way of greeting. “You were certainly up early today. And good morning to you gentlemen,” he added, getting to his feet and shaking hands with Sherlock and then John. “Can I get you some coffee?”
It was this thought that had John racing to lace his shoes, and still pulling his jumper over his head as he trotted down the hallway. How long had he been upstairs? Forty minutes? An hour?
“And your point is?” The words come out sharper than John intended, but Sherlock doesn’t seem to notice.
Violet was safe, for now. And Sherlock got to keep another friend in his life. Maybe some fights were best left for another day.
, hmm?”
Sherlock shushed him quietly, tightening his arm around John’s waist as he leaned against a towering headstone. The detective was a little out of breath; John supposed he had been running down the Royal Mile in order to catch up.
“So you believe that the poisoner had specific people in mind when they contaminated the tonic water?” Sherlock asked, inhaling just a little more deeply than he had been previously. John gave him a pointed look, causing the detective to roll his eyes theatrically and to stop leaning into Mackie’s billowing plumes of noxious smoke.
Come on, after him!”
“I think my employer has come to that conclusion rather recently.” Anthea observed in an off-hand manner, reaching out to cut herself a large slab of stilton. “And that he intends to make up for it as soon as possible.”
The sharp inhale of hair is audible and the hands holding him together tighten on his shoulders. He drops his hands but his eyes are still squeezed shut. He can feel the brush of Sherlock’s hair and then the press of warm skin as their foreheads meet. It lasts for several breaths, the air from their lungs mingling and dispersing through the silent room.
“Now, George. Might I suggest that we take a stroll upstairs?” John said with a half-hearted attempt at affability. It didn’t seem to ring true with either of them, and George looked at him appraisingly.
“Ugh! Don’t.” Sherlock said with a shudder. “She needs to learn how to keep her hands off my colleagues.”
“He’d like that.” Petty said, turning to go. “It’d do him good, to have
He gave John a sidelong glance. “No need. Bought her a new shotgun earlier.”
Sherlock gasped and shuddered, and the feeling of his warm come spurting and smearing between John’s thighs and over his tightened balls proved to be his undoing. Sharp rushes of arousal growing more and more intense as he pressed himself back against Sherlock’s heaving chest, Sherlock’s fingers rapidly working him until he cried out in release and relief. He was unable to stop his body seeking out Sherlock’s, turning and reaching out, pulling the long damp thigh over his own and winding his arms around his neck as he rode out the last of his trembling climax.
“And of course you were listening at the door.” John said, his stomach twisting slightly at the thought that she might have watched him threatening a defenceless woman tied to a chair. “Listen, Murdy – whatever you saw-“
and not just great. But something shifted in his heart every time he saw Violet grin delightedly up into Sherlock’s face. Each time he watched them tease each other and bicker, he silently thought -
Sherlock closed his eyes and leaned against the shelf heavily, inhaling the comforting smell of leather, traces of dust and woodsmoke. The library was growing steadily colder, his feet icy against the stone floor. The scent of pine became more apparent, a chilly breeze slipping through a window that he was sure hadn’t been open when he entered the room.
“Mrs. Duncan, I believe that you were the first person to collapse?” Sherlock said quietly, drawing his chair a little closer to the bed.
He tried his mobile, then scowled at the predictable lack of reception before lifting the receiver of the old-fashioned rotary telephone on the desk. After dialling 999, he rolled his eyes and drawled “Yes, police. Well, only the police so far; I’ll keep an open mind about the need for an ambulance….”
He didn’t quite dare to begin to hope as his feet began to propel him slowly and unsteadily towards the cold, greenish pinprick of light.
Sherlock ignored this exchange entirely, to John’s relief. He gave Pruny a hard stare. “Are you missing one of your dolls, Miss Antonelli?”
Rosie gave Sherlock a hard stare. It was a good one; but Sherlock was prepared for it. He crossed his arms and looked down at her mulish face, her tightly crossed arms. She attempted a tremble of the lower lip. Sherlock held fast despite the automatic tightening in his chest.
Basil swallowed hard, suddenly seeming tremendously interested in the savagely bitten thumbnail on his left hand. He didn’t respond, but his silence made the answer clear enough.
. I want to feel you in me… I want to feel you fill me.”
John went silent again, and Sherlock sighed heavily. Exhaustion was seeping into every bone of his body. He wasn’t entirely sure how much longer he could stay awake.
“Murdy found it along the riverbank,” John said, then paused. He guessed that the rest of the Antonelli’s, except perhaps the absent Griz, still had no idea about her adventure of the night before. The repressive look on her face made it clear that she didn’t want them to know about it.
“You don’t want me to have to go through that.” John finished for him. He tugged absently at Sherlock’s coat and smiled at him gently. “It’s alright. It’ll probably happen again some time. I’m
“Um… Sherlock. Not that I mind, but we’re in the country and I don’t really want to scandalise the locals….” he murmured, his fingers squeezing Sherlock’s side; feeling slightly damp skin under fine cotton.
That feeling of connection, of wordless communication. The sense of shared purpose, no matter the cost. Sherlock had felt the world go still, every avenue of possibility clear and delineated and it was like music in his blood.
John felt rather surprised by this; he couldn’t imagine Violet putting up with a predatory man in her house, particularly one who wasn’t even paying for her tuition. She caught his expression and smiled ruefully.
“Doctor Watson, I sincerely hope that I haven’t caused you any offence.” He heard Patrick say smoothly. John found that he was glaring at the man.
“Can’t… Can’t I just bring her home?” Duncan whispered, his chin trembling slightly. “She hates being in the hospital so much.”
was causing it sent another rush of excitement down his spine.
“You can smell it. It’s a peculiarly bitter, oily scent. It’s seeped into the soft furnishings. Faint, but definitely there.” Sherlock said, with satisfaction. “He was definitely smoking it in here, and probably more than one. This is worth quite a lot of money, you know. This amount... I would say it’s worth nearly a thousand pounds.”
“What kind of pattern?” John asked, warily. He felt slightly reassured that Sherlock still felt comfortable touching him like this, if only to use him as some kind of human furniture. He fought the urge to touch his friend’s face or hair, and kept his hands still on the cold rock.
It was a smaller room than John had expected, and the books lining the walls at two levels didn't look as if they were taken off the shelves all that often. Violet was lying across a large chintz armchair, a cigarette in one hand and a tall stemmed glass in the other. The large cat they had seen in the kitchen earlier lay in front of the fireplace, snoring gently.
The students had all been asked to wait in the conservatory, from which they would be called into the study. Hilary Jessop was reclining languidly on a white wrought iron bench, her beautiful hair glinting in the diffuse light. She was idly sketching Basil Montague, who seemed to be nodding off over a book in a nearby chair. John paused near her and stole a glance at her work, which seemed to his untrained eye remarkably good. She had caught Basil’s dreamy expression perfectly, and the angle of his drooping head. Her pencil strokes were precise and decisive, and the movement of her hand was sharp, every line measured and economical. Jessop didn’t move as John stopped behind her, but after a few seconds she slowly tipped her head back and smiled at him charmingly.
There was no sign of life anywhere, not even the skitter of a deer or rabbit; no flutter of birds wings. The snowfall lightened and stopped briefly, and he caught a brief glimpse of the valley by the milky light of the moon. It was endlessly, oppressively empty in every direction, filling him with a renewed sense of dread.
“Ah. I suppose you’ll be young Mr. Holmes, then?” he asked, opening the door wider. Sherlock grimaced slightly, but didn’t contradict him.
Sherlock’s hands worried a little at the hem of John’s jacket and he huffed a soft, self-conscious laugh into his shoulder. “Can we go and have some not-angry sex now? I’m fairly sure we’ll get around to the angry sort some other time.”
As he walked towards it, he noticed the kitchen door was ajar. This struck him as slightly odd, and he pushed the door wider the room was entirely deserted. A kettle was boiling furiously on the stove, whistling shrilly and surrounded by droplets of scattered water on the dark iron. He paused to turn off the heat and lifted the kettle off the hob to one side.
On the whole, Sherlock reflected as the door shut [quietly, carefully, definitely NOT a slam] behind John Watson, it hadn’t been a bad innings. He honestly hadn’t expected it to last even this long.
The overly soft sagging mattress was like heaven to John as he sank into it. He was too tired to even bother with a token attempt to keep distance from Sherlock. He sighed contentedly, burrowing his head back into the heavy feather pillows. Sherlock stretched out languorously next to him, echoing his sigh.
any more. Life was different now, and it was a different life to the one he used to imagine.
“We cannot divulge that information.“ MacAllan muttered, shooting an irritated look at his unfortunate colleague before getting distracted by the arrival of Violet. She nodded understandingly as she pushed a cup into his hand and stroked his uniformed arm admiringly. “I mean, that is to say… it’s um, um...” he cast around wildly, momentarily lost for words. “Confidential! Yes. Yes, that’s it. Confidential.”
“Yes. Important?”
Sherlock held his gaze for a few moments longer, before deliberately stepping into his space. He loomed over John, who inhaled deeply and fought the urge to bury his face in Sherlock’s chest. The man smelt heady, his own scent and strong coffee. His eyes were wide, shining grey-green as he leant closer to John.
, you rotten cow.)
John left Sherlock to go and have another look around Sandra’s room, while he headed off to take a bath.
room now.
He continued to expose more of Sherlock’s pale chest, button by button. Fine, sparse hair on the broad chest. The small, almost perfectly round scar from the bullet, which he gently pressed his lips to; a brief, dull ache. Reaching the waistband of Sherlock’s trousers, he pushed the shirt open, revealing pink nipples, peaking in the cool air of the bedroom. He glanced up into Sherlock’s face, daring to run his hands down the firm pectorals, smoothing the softer skin of his stomach.
“Not Good, Sherlock.” John said sternly and headed towards the door. Sherlock looked unconvincingly wounded.
broccoli!” she wailed.
“Not for me, thank you.” Patrick said quietly, and got to his feet. Once he had torn his eyes away from Sherlock, he didn’t seem entirely capable of making eye-contact with anyone.
“Why do you call him Dalziell?” Sherlock said suddenly, frowning slightly.
“You’re safe now. I swear, you’re safe.”
“Don’t finish that sentence!” John shouted, dropping his empty coffee cup into the bath and covering his face with his hands. “I believe you! I don’t need more details! Christ.”
“I’m not telling you which one it happened in, and I am deeply concerned that you would wish to know.” Sherlock muttered, without looking around. He came to a halt in front of what must originally have been an old carriage house, and now held a variety of grimy buckets and gardening equipment as well as the car. “Come on, let’s
“John! Come on!” Sherlock whispered urgently, holding out his arm. John picked up his pace, aware of movement and huge pale shapes appearing from the fog-shrouded water. “Hurry!”
“That’s quite enough of that, thank you.” John interjected swiftly. “Into your jimjams, Miss.”
“John. I wish... I wish I was better at saying things to you.”
Katy nodded at him and smiled a little, and it struck him that this was probably the most relaxed he had ever seen her.
Slowly, he ran his thumbnail along the tape on either side of the parcel, which was a little smaller and shallower than an average shoe box. The layers of heavy brown paper parted to reveal a dark wooden box, absolutely plain and polished to a glossy sheen. He flicked the small silver catch open curiously, and inhaled sharply when he saw what lay inside.
As limited as John’s knowledge of art was, he could tell that it was remarkably good. But it made him feel uncomfortable, and it was certainly nothing that he would ever want to hang on his wall. It made him think of times that he tried very hard to forget; of insomniac nights spent staring at the walls and days of eerily lost hours, his stomach seething with nameless dread and regret.
He thought that Sherlock must have dozed off, when he felt his hand being engulfed in Sherlock’s larger one. He smiled into the darkness and squeezed it tightly, before adopting a withering tone.
, pocketed his phone and headed into the shadows of the graveyard with a small grin.
“It is time to go.” Biceps said insistently, glancing back around from the doorway. [German? Alsatian? Positive UN of henchmen…] “Please, let’s get him out of here.”
“Everyone has a bloody secret in that house.” John muttered, watching Patrick disappear down a narrow stone-walled sidestreet.
“Not in the bloody slightest.” John muttered. His heart was thudding sickeningly in his chest, and he felt almost nauseous with anxiety and fury. He clenched his fist by his side, forcing himself to take several long, deep breaths. He wasn’t remotely ready to face Mary, not after the way she had misled him earlier. And especially not now that he knew she was part of a scheme to take Sherlock away from him. He had once loved her, or at least he had loved the person he believed was Mary Morstan. There were still tiny, fractured parts of him that ached at the memory of her laugh or the way she used to catch his eye in a crowd, back before she had shot Sherlock. Before she had lied, and lied and
Sherlock took a deep pained breath, and pinched the bridge of his nose. “Violet and I were looking for a tin of creosote in one of the stable outbuildings, when we heard a noise coming from one of the empty stalls…”
“You know that he’s downstairs?” asked John, who had been wondering how to broach the subject.
Thankfully, it was a quieter affair than the night before. Violet only provided dinner for the students three nights a week and the rest of the time they were left to their own devices. Sherlock and John found her in the kitchen, wearing a flowered apron over a trailing scarlet evening dress and swearing quietly into a pot of pasta. She directed a distracted smile in their direction as they entered the room, not quite meeting their eyes.
“Aren’t they
Hector turned a little pale, and sat down rather suddenly. The twins subsided somewhat, and Rab crossed the kitchen to lean against his shoulder; a furious look on her slightly jam-smeared face.
“Do you know, Watson old chap, while chaps are definitely not my cup of tea, and chaps like
“It’s not fair. She got him for the helicopter dance!” Pruny complained, watching her sister on the other side of the room. John scanned the hall and after a moment he spied Patrick looking slightly alarmed as Rab held on to him tightly; laughing raucously and kicking her legs as she flew through the air. To his faint surprise, he spotted Murdy Antonelli on Patrick’s other side, gripping his other shoulder and that of Mr. Brodie.
[Probably time to start stirring. They might become suspicious if I stay under for too long. This sadistic little moron may not be particularly observant; but Schneider remains something of an unknown quantity. Too doped up to observe closely earlier. Can’t see him from here and he hasn’t said nearly enough for me to form any kind of decent hypothesis. What’s in this for him? All too clear with Trenet. Distinct father issues; he desires to outshine his incarcerated bother. Obvious that he never will. Has a certain level of menace; but nowhere near enough to command.
that I’d be willing to fly.”
“Yes! Sandra obviously wasn’t making enough money from life modelling last year to support herself and Garcia satisfactorily.”
Mycroft frowned slightly, his eyes betraying an odd, unguarded moment of pain. Patrick coughed feebly, and Mycroft reached out with unsteady fingers to brush the tangled hair out of his eyes.
After a quick wash and shave in the frigid 1930’s bathroom next door, John dressed and headed towards the kitchen in search of tea and company. The scent of frying bacon and fresh bread and the sound of muted conversation reached him as he rounded the corner of the ground floor corridor, causing him to pick up his pace. As he entered the kitchen he was greeted by the sight of Murdy Antonelli and Sherlock sitting side by side at the kitchen table. Both were eating large bacon sandwiches, and they worse such similarly morose expressions that John had to grin.
when they question and contradict their elders. I am entirely sure that at least one member of that unfortunate family is behind the poisonings, and it will be in no small part due to
She shook her pale head vehemently. “No, I can’t! You don’t understand, Doctor Watson – there’s a child out here. I’ve been looking and looking. I’m so scared that they’ll have fallen in!”
“Ooh, I made Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock attempted to curl up even more tightly, edging a few inches closer to the fire.
“Violet told me some things. You know, about her past.” John sighed, pushing the heavy glass panelled doors into the warm glasshouse. Sherlock looked at him sharply but did not respond. “It seems like Mycroft has quite a lot of stuff to hold over her head.”
“Indeed, John.” Sherlock said. He seemed a little hoarse, but when John looked into his face his eyes were dry once more. He turned back to the bloodied silk and took out his magnifying glass again.
John nudged him. “I know. Not when it feel like you just got her back again.”
“Nothing definitive, really. We’re doing our best.” John said vaguely, and then an idea struck him. “I suppose that there has been an autopsy performed on Sandra’s body?”
too soon.)
city.)
“You are being an overbearing ass, as usual. I don’t know what the hell you think you’re doing, barging in here like this. You know very well Violet won’t want you here; never mind
Mr Jameson flinched very slightly and flushed. “A regular, certainly. So, er… what was it you lads wanted to talk to me about anyway?”
, Pruny!” their sister glared. “You too, Rab. You’re Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson. How are you getting along with the case?”
Violet led them through the French windows and across the back lawn, which was mercifully clear of menacing topiary. “Thankfully, the filth have finally buzzed off. They were lurking around the place all weekend. We were all interviewed endlessly on Friday night and again on Saturday morning. And we’ve all been politely asked to remain here and available for further questioning. I mean, I thought that only happened in films – the not being allowed to leave town bit? I told them to either arrest the lot of us or get lost,” she added blithely. “They didn’t take it all that well.”
(How can I believe a fucking thing she says? But why the fuck would she do this? She wouldn’t bother coming here and lying to me just to torment me. Not when there’s nothing in it for her. She doesn’t work like that. Oh, god. Caroline.
It took a minute or two for John to get used to the large car, with the gleaming walnut dashboard and dials, and the extremely dated indicators; but he was soon confidently easing it out of the stable yard and onto the sweeping gravel drive. It was a bit like driving a rather elegant tank, but nonetheless it gave him a bit of a thrill to feel the way it effortlessly accelerated up the hill that led to the estate gateposts.
The fact that it comes out as a question threatens to break John’s heart all over again.
It took Sherlock far too long to identify the crumpled shape some twenty feet away, half buried in snow and sunk into the shade of a stunted fallen tree. As he forced his shaking legs to carry him haltingly in that direction, he spotted the dark traces and streaks of blood in the snow; a macabre track that led towards the remains of Narek Harman. Sherlock stood perhaps five feet away from the crumpled figure for a long while, taking in the partially burnt clothing and smoke-streaked face of Narek Harman. His eyes were wide and glassy. Their colour gave Sherlock another jolt of nausea, although they were clearly empty of any kind of awareness. Narek must have made one last, herculean effort in order to heave himself from the burning land rover; his already battered body seeping blood as he dragged himself across the snow. The hunting knife was still clasped in his red smeared fingers, the wicked serrated blade stabbing through the frozen crust of snow.
It occurs to Sherlock, too late, that it probably would have been a good idea to put a shirt on as well.
He stops dead in his tracks, his gaze falling on Molly.
“Trust me, John. I promise you, I’ll get us through.”
Redbeard had come into Sherlock’s life just at the time when Mycroft had decided he had outgrown childish things—that he was a man and therefore couldn’t associate with Sherlock anymore. He filled a hole in Sherlock’s tiny miserable life that he hadn’t even known was there.
Since Sherlock had refused to move from the sofa, John had quickly been forced to surrender the living room as an occupied territory. If he was within sight of Sherlock then he was liable to be accused of something.
, at last, at last, Sherlock can see all of John, and there is oh so much of John to see.
The soft sound of John’s laughter against his cheek makes his heartbeat pound faster with joy; John going away, even for a brief time, may be worth it for the intensity of Sherlock’s happiness at his return.
Sherlock’s fingers stroked the length of John, slowly, languidly, his thumb rubbing over the tip. He dragged his mouth around to the underside of John’s throat, his tongue tracing the pulse below his jaw. John lifted his chin and shut his eyes, concentrating on the feel of Sherlock’s fingers—those fucking exquisite fingers—wrapped around his cock.
It must be dinnertime.
“Where did he hit you?”
“Would you—would you like some water?” Sherlock flush deepens at the utter banality of this offer, but he cannot think what else to say, what else he has that he can give to John.
Leaning back, Moriarty plucked one of the knives from the low table beside the butcher block without moving his thumb from John’s mouth. Light flashed on the long, narrow blade as he turned it over in his hand.
His answer is a low rush of air in the space between their bent heads.
“I trust I do not have to remind you who’s in command of this ship, do I, Lestrade?”
“I bought her rum, and I bought her gin, oh.”
Sherlock watches John’s eyes drop to his mouth; he feels the weight of John’s gaze almost like a caress.
Sherlock cries out in pleasure, letting his head fall back as John begins to thrust up into Sherlock in an even tempo, his hands on Sherlock’s hips no longer holding him back, finally allowing Sherlock to buck forward into John as hard, as quickly as he wants—setting his own pace to match Sherlock’s, and god above does it feel good to finally be able to
He didn’t know what had come over him.
Sherlock’s head flies up with sudden interest—of course, that had been the initial reason for his meeting with Miss Hooper.
Sherlock is too timid to actually enter the area where the sailors eat—he knows he doesn’t belong, and he’s too afraid to ask anyone where John might be.
“I did not go all
“Do give our regards to dear Miss Argyle.” Sherlock murmured, as Dalziell crammed his hat back on his head and turned for the door. Dalziell gave them a shaky sort of nod and wrenched the door open, letting it clatter shut noisily behind him as he made his way back across the square. Sherlock watched him go with avid interest.
“It was just once, you see! We had a bit of a supper party after attending a show at the Academy a while back. We all had rather too much Champagne, and..well... it was a late night. We had a ping-pong tournament in the common room and it kept going very late. Hilary and Freddie came last, and they both went to bed. George and Phyllis went soon after, and Patrick as well. Sandra and I stayed up late; she was frightfully good you see but I won the house tournament at my school three years.” he smiled at them nervously and rubbed his hands on his knees. “And... well... you know...”
“Glad to hear it. Incidentally, call me Auntie Vi again and I will
“That’s more than enough!” Mr. Antonelli said, as sternly as he could despite his persistent blush. “There’s no need to be rude about Mrs. Gordon; she’s a nice lady. Go on and read your books and leave us grown-ups to talk now.”
“Are you high right now?” John inquires.
He gave Sherlock’s cock a last wet lick before pulling off to rest his jaw, giving the detective an apologetic grin as he did so. Sherlock watched him through half-closed eyes, his chest heaving and flushed with arousal. He bit his swollen lower lip and shut his eyes tightly as John began to stroke him firmly with his fingers, and let out a startled hiss when John’s tongue flicked across his tightening balls. “
“And the second group?”
“And then she cackled like a loon, said goodnight and sent me on my way!” John exclaimed. “Every bloody S was perfect! The L’s too!”
While Sherlock amused himself digging through the belongings of the unfortunate art students, John contented himself with wandering the corridors of the large house. For some reason, most of the curtains were drawn and the resultant gloom made the darker corners of the building feel slightly sinister. All of the ornately moulded ceilings were at least fifteen feet high, and the walls that stretched up to meet them were largely covered by a huge number of paintings, framed insect specimens and embroidered tapestries and hangings. While the latter were obviously very old, the paintings were a strange mix of the extremely modern and traditional. John didn’t know a lot about art, but he was fairly sure he recognised a Mark Rothko near the grand staircase, and a Modigliani a few feet down from the room he was sharing with Sherlock.
“Miss Argyle!” Mr. Brodie gaped. “Come along now, you’re not yourself. There’s no call for that sort of language!”
John was going to answer, but was momentarily distracted by the sight of Sherlock sliding into the back seat of the old Jaguar with a brief flash of white knee and thigh through the back slit of the Belstaff. Violet reached out with one gloved finger and touched the corner of his mouth, causing him to startle slightly.
“Pantone 2945 C.” Sherlock said, at once. “Because his eyes are that colour. I’ve checked, you see. Sometimes they appear darker in the morningth. But
Duncan finally opened his watery grey eyes, and directed a glare of pure malevolence towards her. He still didn’t speak.
Sherlock’s mouth is maddening and clever. He pins John to the mattress with splayed hands after he chokes on his length, glaring up at John briefly before swallowing him back down. John can’t even apologise for the instinctive buck of his hips; he’s spiraling in an odd thrumming mixture of panic and overwhelming desire. What are they doing? He buries his hands in Sherlock’s disheveled hair, feeling the hidden warm planes of his skull. He’s fucking into a beautiful man’s mouth and it’s glorious and it’s unknown and it’s
“I- no, I saw him. Them. Christ, my head isn’t right, John. I can’t stand it; I-“
“No.” John breathed, watching the long digits trace every edge of the darkened scar tissue. Sherlock studied the skin closely, brushing the pad of his thumb firmly across the centre. He didn’t seem to feel the need to say anything more, or to tell John what he was deducing from the scar.
Despite her attempt to appear relaxed, Mary looked more than a little battered and dishevelled. Her familiar old blue hat was gone, and John was absurdly relieved by this tiny detail. It was one less link to their shared past. Three thin trails of dark, drying blood were visible at one side of Mary’s temple, and smeared where she had evidently wiped her fingers through the mess. Her short grey coat was crumpled and wet, as were her jean and boots. With an effort John forced himself to meet her eyes, which were stony. She didn’t say anything, merely looking back at him with a kind of wary impatience.
“Oh, god. I
(Oh, god. The way he looks at me. It just doesn’t make
“Four, anyway.” Mr Antonelli corrected him, almost apologetically. “From what I’ve heard, Dalziell and Miss Argyle were at his house together. I only sold a bottle to Miss Argyle, not Dalziell. I think they must have shared it.”
“Oh, er. Very glad that you see it that way, Missus. I mean, um. Miss Vernet.” Erskine stammered, and followed her into the kitchen after wiping his boots assiduously on the scraper outside. MacAllan glanced nervously at Sherlock and John before heading inside, his large hands still worrying at the hem of his jacket.
“Mrs. Duncan. You know, Mrs. Duncan? The ministers’ wife? I’ve just seen her heading down to the river and she didnae look too well at all. I tried calling out to her, but the track’s too steep and narrow at the bend – I couldn’t follow her on horseback. By the time I dismounted and tied Charlie up, she’d disappeared.”
John grimaced and followed Patrick outside hastily, closing the door firmly behind them. Patrick sighed heavily, and leaned against the frame of a nearby window.
She’s bloody poison. And part of you is scared that you’d enjoy hurting her. So you’re not going to do it. But if someone else needs to hurt her in order to find out where Sherlock’s gotten to… you’re not going to stop them, are you? And that’s no better, not really. You know it isn’t. But it doesn’t change anything.)
[STOP!]
John, who had never seen Sherlock holding a pint in his life, grinned a bit at this. “What can you see? What’s he doing?”
John grinned and resumed reading. This really shouldn’t have felt like home, there was bickering and grumbling; there was the terrible collection of taxidermied guinea pigs that had somehow appeared on the coffee table overnight; and there was the frankly distressing smell coming from the microwave (he hadn’t dared open it for the last day or two - Sherlock had been worryingly evasive about the contents).
Sherrinford had turned fifty-nine by now, and his commitments to the management of the farmland and flocks took up much of his time. Every day, he seemed to wake up with a longer list of things to do than the day before. His father now had a live-in nurse, and his mothers’ rheumatism was steadily worsening. While the lands prospered, the house declined somewhat; and the precious library and collections of esoteric treasures gathered by Mr and Mrs Holmes in their younger travelling days were sadly neglected.
“Patrick, let’s just make one thing
“John.” Sherlock murmured, his eyes wide as he slowly turned to face him. “John, the important thing now is not to panic. I want you to walk very slowly towards me. Be as quiet as you can. Come on.” he reached out his hand to John, who stared at him with mounting horror.
“Oh, you know. This and that. Music. Painting. Women. We discussed what it would be like to take each of the ladies in this particular house to bed.” He gave them a very deliberate salacious smile. “We eventually decided that while it would be enchanting to fuck Miss Jessop, dear Violet would probably come top of the list. There’s a woman who looks like she knows
Jessop was, in a word,
Violet sighed and grinned, before taking a mouthful of her own coffee. “Oh, all right.
John, spotting a moment of hesitation in Menzies, jumped in: “But of course, only if you would permit it. We would of course, defer to you entirely. It’s just that we’d love to be of help.” He reached out and squeezed Sherlocks arm in what probably looked a supportive gesture to Menzies, but was in fact a vice-like grip of warning.
As Sherlock slowly relaxed enough for him to press the tip of his tongue inside his rim, John pressed his thumbs on either side of the tight hole. He gently pulled a little, encouraging Sherlock to allow him to slip his tongue deeper into the slick ring of quivering muscle. Sherlock’s hole gradually relaxed some more, although the man was by now sobbing and moaning into the sheets; his back arching helplessly as John worked at his arse.
baby. I’m not giving it up.” He said in offense and sniffled, wiping his cheeks
Within the next two hours, Sherlock was standing behind John as the alpha exchanged vows with his beta fiancée. He cringed visibly as they said,
“Since when have you decided this?”
“I’ve been thinking…” he paused “..about us.” The alpha exhaled deeply, finally looking up at Sherlock
The omega checked himself in and was immediately brought back, with John, by the doctor. He laid down on the table, parted his coat and raised his shirt for the woman who squirted cool jelly on his bump. She moved the wand around his skin and turned the monitor along with the speaker.
Sherlock sat in his chair for what seemed like hours, tears streaming down his cheeks. He eventually built up the walls he’d previously let down and his cold demeanor resurfaced. Maybe the alpha was right, they were best friends and could never be anything more, no matter how badly Sherlock wanted it.
Sherlock nodded slowly and approached him, wrapping his arms around the alpha. John hugged him back, kissing his cheek
“She changed my life. She made me forget all of these…these feelings that I had for you, Sherlock. Please let me continue because this is taking a lot for me to say this to you, especially now.”
The omega let out a moaned gasp and arched off the sofa “Oh f-fuck..yes..John..”
“S-Sherlock..I..I’m so sorry. I didn’t think..I never thought..” He stammered, trying to find the right words
John picked him up and continued their kiss as he blindly carried Sherlock to the sofa, laying him down and climbing on top of him. He soon started unbuttoning the omegas pants, pulling them off along with his boxers and taking the younger man’s cock in his hand, stroking him slowly.
John looked at them confused and the omega cleared his throat
, and tears filled his eyes while he clapped for them, not matter how badly it hurt. He walked out with them and posed for pictures before the reception started. He shook the guests hands and stood beside the now-betrothed love of his life for about half an hour before going into a bathroom and splashing his face with chilly water.
John cleared his throat, face turning bright red as he took a hefty drink “Never have I ever suggested playing a game for the sole purpose of arousing my best friend.”
“Shut up, John. This isn’t something to congratulate because you know what? This baby is yours.”
“Since you told me you were pregnant. I just...I haven’t been able to come to terms with it until now. I don’t want you flirting with other people. I don’t want you dating someone else. I don’t want someone else being my daughter’s alpha and papa.
“Yeah, good to see you too. Let’s head inside. I got a blood test a few weeks ago and they’ll be able to tell me the gender today.”
“Yes, very much so and I’m so sorry that I never told you.”
Sherlock nodded a bit and looked at him “I need your help on a case this weekend. If you’re free.”
Sherlock grinned and softly rubbed John’s arms as he yawned and slipped into a post-sex, drunken sleep.
The detective started playing a lullaby while he waited, mere moments later, the door opened and John walked in, shutting the door behind him. It had been weeks since the two had spoken. Sherlock’s comeback had not been well received by his alpha best friend. He’d choked and punched the omega, anger pouring out of him. He’d cursed him off, told him he wanted nothing to do with him, so Sherlock stayed away, respecting John’s wishes.
“Yes, but please don’t be mad. It was the only way to get you to tell the truth..”
She opened his file and read the paper a moment “Looks like you’ll be welcoming a little girl.” She smiled
(See the end of the chapter for
The day came, John’s wedding, and Sherlock was absolutely devastated. He got sick in the bathroom before getting dressed and heading to the chapel. He had purposely made sure his and the alphas suits matched identically. If he was never going to marry John, this was as close as he could possibly get. He sighed and watched out the window as London passed by. This was it. After this, John would be gone. Gone forever and Sherlock would never be able to get him back.
[I’m hardly going to dignify that with an answer, am I ?] Mycroft sounded condescending and put-upon, but that was just his usual tone when speaking to Sherlock. He gritted his teeth, ignoring the small part of him he would never admit actually
“You’ve spoken to my brother?”
“Patrick, you do that. I’ll help John undress Mrs. Duncan. I think she’d probably prefer it if a lady assisted,” Violet said with a ghost of a smile. She squeezed his arm as he reached for the kettle. “Get a wriggle on, you two,” she addressed Sherlock and Murdy. “You’ll get trench foot or wet rot if you’re not careful.”
Sherlock wordlessly held out his own left hand and showed a faint crescent scar along the side of his thumb that John had always assumed was from a chemical burn or an old knife wound. “It’s a reasonably distinctive pattern. The barbs inevitably leave their mark as they exit the wound and one rarely has the time or opportunity to have stitches immediately.”
“You’ve got your gun, don’t you?”
Sherlock hummed vaguely and shrugged.
When John reached the green room, some half an hour later, he was surprised to see a light coming from underneath the heavy wooden door. He pushed it open slowly, feeling hope bloom in his chest as he caught sight of the familiar figure.
John grimaced in embarrassment, blushing slightly and lowering his chin onto his chest. “Er. Yes.” He shuffled his feet along the bottom of the copper bath, and steeled himself.
“Ugh! Oh, alright then.” Sherlock groaned, unfolding himself from the hearthrug in a flurry of knees and elbows. “That honey cake better be a
“Blimey. What is it?” John asked, alarmed.
Violet caught his eye, then exchanged a loaded glance with Patrick. He exhaled quietly, and nodded.
“Doctor Watson, what a surprise!”
John took a seat next to her and opened the front cover, which was heavy and beautifully accented in silver gilt. The first thick cream leaf was protected by a layer of filmy tissue, which he carefully lifted to reveal a snapshot of Sherlock’s father and a tall, rather nattily dressed man on the front steps of Hilderbogie House. The resemblance between the older man and Sherlock was marked. He had carefully arranged dark curly hair and sharp cheekbones, although John doubted Sherlock would ever consider wearing a silk paisley cravat.
“Yes, please.” John said. “We’ll talk in Violet’s study, if you don’t mind.”
John nodded, watching Mycroft scanning the map in the light from his torch before passing it to him. Splitting up into two groups was clearly the best plan for covering ground, but it still made him vaguely uneasy.
His hands were shaking now as well as his voice. Sherlock’s gaze was unwavering, his posture entirely still. The light from the fire threw the angles of his austere face into sharp relief.  He didn’t seem likely to say anything, which somehow made John feel obliged to keep rambling on. He took another swallow of whiskey, and choked slightly.
John leaned in to Sherlock’s shoulder, waiting until he glanced down and met his eye. “In case you’re wondering, I
“Not page 48.” John pointed out, with a brave attempt at levity. Sherlock’s mouth twitched into a small, fond smile as John covered his hand with his own.
“Oh, for pity’s sake, Sherlock!” John pushed the door of 221B open with his elbow and dropped the parcel on the coffee table. “It’s right there! Have fun opening it. I’m going to go and take a shower.”
Sherlock re-entered the room, looking put upon. “Good grief, Vi. This mausoleum gets colder by the minute. There’s ice on the
“If you’re here for anything other than to bring me some more ice, you can fuck right off, whoever you are!” Violet’s voice called laconically. John grinned and spun around, narrowly avoiding overturning a container full of trailing ferns.
“Yes. And I just can’t figure out how it can have happened!” Mr Antonelli looked wretched. “There were twelve bottles in the case. It was delivered on the twentieth, direct from Figmaleery’s. I’ve never had any trouble with them before. I’ve stocked the stuff for nearly two years now, and nobody has ever complained at all. Not once!”
“Until I buggered everything up yet again, do you mean?” Sherlock asked flatly, staring into his coffee.
“You’ve seen what she’s like, sashaying around in her tight little frocks and her fuck-me heels. Obviously
“It’s true. I accompanied Mr. Holmes and Mr. Singh to Verbier in November, where my driving skills proved extremely useful.”
does that woman have all those horrid little china rabbits in her room?”
But a year ago, I thought I’d be a dad and Mary would still be my wife and we’d still be living in Crouch End. This isn’t where I thought I’d end up.”
her scars and had applied absolutely nothing that might obscure them or the depth of their colour. If he hadn't been assured of Sherlock's censure, John would have been quite tempted to kiss her again.
“You bloody great drama queen.” John muttered, attempting to sound censorious but the words somehow came out affectionate. “I bet you always wanted to do that, didn’t you? I bet you always wanted a murder in a big old house and a captive audience. Bloody dénouements. You ought to be ashamed of yourself.”
“PC Dalziell must do.” John shrugged. “Before she started shrieking at us she said they’d just gotten engaged the afternoon before they drank the tonic water.”
It was hard to tell, but he thought he might have spotted a pair of small white china ears sticking out of her pocket. Katy gathered up a few bills and clicked away on her sensible heels, flicking through the envelopes as she went.
“He’s not a tidy man at all.” Murdy informed John, following his gaze. “You saw what he was like, the other day. He can barely find a thing in his own kitchen. He just sticks stuff on the nearest available space when he’s finished with it. Sticking that box in the greenhouse, that was
[John always seems to like coming home to find a fire lit. Nonsensical, but there it is.]
,” Murdy said hoarsely. “Just…
Phyllis grinned at John, and offered him some more wine. She was quite transformed when she smiled like that, he thought. So often when he had seen her before, she had been achingly self-conscious, eager to please or just plain miserable. The grin she directed at him was simply warm, pleased and friendly and she looked like an altogether different person. Katy raised an eyebrow at him and he realised that he was staring at Phyllis.
John didn’t bother asking if Mycroft needed the map. He knew that a mere glance would have been sufficient for the information to be indelibly lodged in his mind. He nodded in agreement, tucking the sheets into his pocket.
Sherlock smiled slightly when he saw John’s face in the dim light. John manfully fought a blush and lost miserably.
that Mary had had the
“She enabled you-“
“Who the hell are you?” he heard Violet ask distractedly from a few steps below.
“Your old digs. Remember?”
Mr. Brodie was away for the day but Griz had quickly found the spare keys to the battered farm jeep in one of the stable outbuildings. She accepted as a matter of course that she was going to help find Sherlock; and had casually slung a couple of hunting rifles into the back of the jeep before sliding into the passenger seat next to Anthea.
“Would you mind excusing me, Violet? It was a long journey and I’m afraid I’m rather tired.”
“Conscious?” Sherlock asked sharply. “We need to know more about this message she received.”
“So you were with PC Dalziell at the time, Miss Argyle?” Sherlock said, still managing to retain his beautifully concerned expression.
“I’m being a nice man who gives his friends a hand with the washing up.” John said pointedly, rolling up his sleeves and making for the sink in the scullery.
He risked a glance at Narek, flicking his left eye open for a mere split second. Narek was studying something on a flashy looking mobile phone, a nasty little grin on his face. From Sherlock’s low angle in the footwell he could make out more of the tattoo on his neck; a writhing wolf with bared teeth, a severed human hand dangling from its’ jaws. [poorly executed, clear signs of healed infection in three places.] His profile was unremarkable, but a brief mental comparison of bone structure, hairline and his earlobes convinced Sherlock [admittedly, a 13% margin of error but he had only been looking for a moment] of some kind of blood link between Narek and the dead man.
“Pretty grim, isn’t it?” Violet asked, in a determinedly casual tone. John turned to look at her, but she seemed unable to tear her own eyes away from the blood. “It just happened so fast. I didn’t really understand what was happening at the time, not until Hilary screamed. Sandra barely made a sound, none of us realised until we saw the blood. She sort of...jerked. And Hilary snatched her hands away from her shoulders as if she’d been burnt. I remember Basil asking what the matter was, if Sandra was alright. Bloody fool, of course she wasn’t...” Violet’s eyes were wide and fixed, and while her voice was level John could almost feel the horror rolling off her. He reached out hesitantly and touched her arm.
want something, either. (Page 48, for a start.)
He swallowed, and clasped his hands on his knees a little self-consciously. Even Benjy seemed to look indignantly at him for interrupting the flow of the argument. “Listen. You really don’t need to do this now, do you? We’ll be back in London before too long. You can both take a while to think about what you want to say, and, er… you can have a good shout about it back at Baker Street, eh? No need to start World War III in Violet’s house.”
[Yes, yes, you’ve make your point! Dear god, would you give it a rest? And surely if you’re so clever, you’d have found me by now?!]
As he watched, Katy was curling a protective arm around Phyllis’s shoulders, murmuring gently in her ear. Mycroft exchanged a thin smile with Patrick, who seemed quietly relieved that his own secret had not been exposed. He raised his glass in a silent toast, which Mycroft returned.
Murdy nodded thoughtfully, pulling the cuffs of her shabby green coat down over her pale hands. “I don’t think it’s funny at all either. I mean, I know you injected the bottles of tonic here before smuggling them into our shop. That was a bit clever, knowing that people would assume the poisoned stuff was the delivery my dad got. And I know that poor Mrs Duncan was the one you wanted to kill the most; the others were just, um…
“Only people who haven’t overdone it say sensible things like that,” Violet pointed out, but leaned across and kissed his cheek before levering the snoring cat off his knees. “Fair enough, old thing. See you in the morning.”
He stared at her. “You taught Phyllis how to punch someone?
“Well, there’s not many places to buy alcohol round here.” Mr. Jameson replied, his eyes narrowed. His fingers had found a discarded cardboard beer-mat, and he was restlessly shredding it in his lap. Out of the corner of his eye, John watched his blunt fingers working absently under the table, small shreds of paper floating to the grubby stone floor.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I think it is safe to assume that Mr. Singh is feeling rather
“Where have the police gone, anyhow?” Murdy asked. “I didn’t hear everything through the door.”
John slowly sank into the water, which was viciously hot. He stared at the floral moulded ceiling blankly, trying to will the gruesome images away from his mind. It probably wasn’t even the worst death he had ever seen; treating wounds on a battlefield certainly gave you a wide and varied idea of all the horrible ways that humans could die. Garcia’s death was still going to stick in his mind for quite some time.
[That I say things, as well as feel them. And I am, you know. Sorry. I’m sorry about lots of things, really.]
wanker!” John muttered furiously, heaving on his arms with all his might. Sherlock’s waterlogged clothes made him even heavier than usual, and John’s shoulder seemed to be shrieking silently at him as he pulled. Patrick appeared at his side and grasped Sherlock’s left arm; between them they lifted the detectives’ shuddering form from the water and collapsed in a heap on the jetty. Sherlock landed half on top of John and he lay still for a long moment, his chest hitching shallowly against John’s shoulder. John was swiftly soaked with icy water and was having trouble breathing himself, but he briefly wrapped an arm around Sherlock’s neck and pressed a hard kiss above his ear, tasting river water, icy mud and sheer breathless relief.
He nodded silently, glancing over at her thin sharp features with interest.
. He itched for a seven or more, it had been
Blindly, John stumbled from the room; taking the longer route around the kitchen table so that he didn’t have to walk past her. He shoved the heavy door open, letting it rebound loudly against the wall of the corridor as he half-ran away from the kitchen. Anger and panic were seething through him, threatening to overwhelm him completely. It frightened him badly. He had never experienced dread like this on a battlefield or fighting for his life in one of the darker corners of London. Perhaps not since that awful afternoon he had stood looking up at the grey façade of Barts, watching Sherlock’s silhouette against the darkening sky, hearing the tight grief in his voice. The sense of immense and imminent loss.
[Time to
“Um. Well, we ended up er...”
lose him. We’ve just got to keep it together until the troops arrive.”
“Thank you, Miss Antonelli.” Sherlock said, giving her a reproving glance. “Miss Argyle, your unfortunate fiancé has the poisoner in custody as we speak. I am personally looking forward to seeing his face when he has to find room for you in the cells too.”
“It’s never really seemed worth my while to get any staff up here.” she mused, wriggling into a more comfortable position on the sofa cushions. “But at times like these; I suppose it might be worth it.” she reached for the wine bottle and discovered that it was disappointingly empty. She scowled and sighed. “Definitely would be worth it.”
think of calling me your boyfriend again. Ghastly term.”
Violet directed her most winning smile at the Inspector, and proceeded to pour tea out of a gleaming silver pot. “Oh, please don’t let me interrupt you, Chief Inspector. I just thought that you might like a cup of tea; you’re such a busy man I’m sure you haven’t had time to draw breath this morning.”
an idiot.” John whispered.
“Next time. Lots and lots of help. Promise.”
are the individual who came closest to killing Alice Duncan, Miss Argyle!” Sherlock said cheerily. He sidled through the crowd that now seemed to be leaning away slightly from the woman, swiftly followed by an intrigued looking Violet. “No doubt you will have heard that she is back in hospital, following a fall into the river last night. Would you like to tell everyone here how you are responsible for that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll say I did it.” John said instantly. “I already hit him twice; he probably won’t remember the exact details about being hit by the pan. He won’t remember anything about today, not properly. God knows what he’s been taking, but he hasn’t been in his right mind.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about!” she glared. “And it’s your word against mine, anyhow. Nobody knows you from Adam, you dirty creature. Who do you think people will believe?”
“Gladly.” Sherlock retorted, and swept out the door with John trailing behind him in embarrassment. The pub door slammed shut behind them, swiftly followed by the sound of bolts sliding home violently.
“Yes. You’ve already had your fingers in me several times, and I like it.” Sherlock said, in a determinedly blasé way. “So I felt confident doing it to you.”
“Well, it’s just... just...” John stammered, lost.
John’s thoughts were unexpectedly shattered by the sound of raised voices in the hall below, and he leaned curiously over the bannisters to see what was causing the disturbance.
He doesn’t know how long he talks. His throat is dry before his words dry up. It feels like a damburst of thought and expression. The heels of his hands are pressed into his tightly shut eyes, elbows propped on his knees. Where has this come from? His therapist has all but given up trying to crowbar these experiences from him after months of evasion and stony silence.
“Stop worrying, John.” Sherlock said quietly. “Stop thinking. Just move with me.”
Unsurprisingly, it had taken a while before the police had arrived at the vicarage, during which John had continued to crouch uncomfortably on the study floor; the Walther still pressed into the side of Reverend Duncan’s head. Murdy and Sherlock had passed the time attempting to interrogate the man, but he had refused to say a word.
“But you’ve just proved that… that I didn’t put the knife there!” Hilary shouted. Basil jumped, and seemed to shy away from her a little.
Christ. Far worse.
“She’s not here,” Sherlock observed, peering around the garden disinterestedly. “The curtains are drawn and there are no lights showing.”
“Scintillating.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “A case, John! In Edinburgh. There’s been nothing good for weeks here and I’ve just been asked to help with a nice murder in Edinburgh. We’ll leave in the morning. We’ll stay with my cousin Violet.”
John nods and straightens up. He clears his throat and his voice is fairly measured when he starts talking. He has to close his eyes after a moment though, it’s not possible to go through this with Sherlock’s eyes boring into him from a couple of feet away. And yet when he does close his eyes he’s immediately transported back to the chalky dry earth and shards of hot metal on the ground beneath his back. The hard enamel blue of the sky pressing down on him. The sheer, exhilarating shock and terror of it; the pain still distant, behind the overwhelming sense of bodily intrusion. The rapid creeping flow of blood, sticky and slick as it soaked into his fatigues. In between the hammer of gunfire he could hear the screaming of birds, his clouding eyes tracing jet trails in the sky. His absolute fury when he felt hands dragging him away, making the pain explode and taking away his chance of death under the clean sun.
Dalziell waved his arm vaguely, the woollen hat between his fingers flapping a bit. “Um, I haven’t heard all of the facts. But I don’t believe that anyone would particularly want to poison me.”
.” She whispered these last few words conspiratorially to Menzies, who flushed slightly and seemed momentarily lost for words.
Sherlock didn’t even really know how to read the instructions.
“This was meant for Mrs Duncan to find, wasn’t it?” Murdy said, leaning in as well. “Or at least for her to see. In the late afternoon, it’d be dark enough for her to think it was a real baby.”
“You have a month, John..if you don’t decide in a month then don’t bother coming around anymore and don’t text me and don’t call me. Enjoy your life with Mary..” He gritted out through clenched teeth
“I’m c-close..so close, John! Oh fuck! Yes!” He shouted shamelessly
“Exactly what it looks like I’m doing, John. Flirting with this sexy barman.” He winked and went back to his conversation
He didn’t stop touching the omega as he used his free hand to undo his own pants and push them down a bit, pulling himself from his underwear and spreading Sherlock’s legs. He groaned at the sight of the wet spot already forming underneath the dark-haired man and he stopped tugging at the omega’s smaller cock to spread his legs instead. John held his hips and slid into Sherlock completely in one thrust.
The omega said to himself in the mirror of the bathroom, sighing before going back out to the reception, chatting forcefully with Mary before he gave his best man speech. He fumbled a bit, distracted by his own thoughts but he soon found himself gushing over his best friend, unable to stop himself. People were crying,
want to be that to you and to her. I don’t want anyone else filling that role because it’s mine to fill. I want to try and be with you, Sherlock. I want to try this with you. I want to be with you..” He exhaled heavily, looking at him vulnerably
John nudged Sherlock and cleared his throat, face hard and hurt
“Okay.” He chuckled softly
“Okay..I’m sorry.” He looked down, excusing himself to the bathroom where he sat on the toilet seat and rubbed his face
John’s blood boiled over and he stood up abruptly, staring at Sherlock with anger-darkened eyes
The alpha looked at him with tears in his eyes and he licked his lips “I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’m with Mary and that’s the way it has to be.” He announced sternly, wiping his eyes. “I’m sorry.” He mumbled again before leaving the flat in a hurry.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock. I’ll talk to Mary and get divorce papers as soon as possible. I don’t want to hurt you or our daughter. I want to be with both of you forever. I can’t let you go.” He nuzzled him softly
The omega nodded and walked out with John, giving him a quick hug before going back home with a sigh. He hung the scans up on the fridge and dragged a gentle finger across them
Sherlock smirked into his glass and took a drink “You caught me..but I’ve had enough playing, John.” The omega got up and went over to him, lowering himself in John’s lap.
John stared at him, taking a deep breath
John took a drink and thought “Never have I ever had a brother”
“What are you going to do? Are you keeping it?”
“Where are you going, Sherlock?”
He wondered to himself as the door swung open. He looked up at Sherlock standing there in his pajamas and closed dressing gown
John looked at him briefly before standing “I’m engaged now, I can’t do this..this isn’t fair to Mary.”
“Is everything alright, John?”
He purred, slowly falling asleep
“Oh wow, okay, yeah.” He nodded and held the door open for Sherlock who slipped inside
“I know..you love him, don’t you?”
Sherlock visibly flinched at the other omega’s name, chest aching
“Technically I didn’t lie, but I’ll give it to you.” He sipped, pouring himself and John more “Never have I ever pictured my best friend while I’m having sex with my fiancée.”
“Because you’re mine!” He suddenly blurted out
“It..it um..it looks like a p-pregnant belly..” He mumbled “I..uh..congratulations?”
Sherlock stood in his flat by the window, staring out at the snow whilst strumming on his violin. He sighed deeply. It was nights like this where he missed John the most. The nights where everything was silent, a little too silent for the omega’s liking. He turned briefly when he heard his phone ding. He turned ‘round and picked it up. Heart beating at the name on the screen: John.
“Yes, of course I’m keeping it. It’s
“I think I’m pregnant.”
“Uh, yeah, definitely. Couldn’t be more ready.” He hummed, fixing his tie in the mirror
“Well it does!”
Sherlock softened and cupped his belly. He kissed the bartender’s cheek
“Hey, John.”
“Thank you, would you mind printing out some scans for us to take home?”
The omega awoke the next morning and instantly sat up; John was gone. He sighed and looked at the mess before him, head pounding as he sighed. He got dressed and started cleaning up when he found a note John had left him
He stared at his bump in the mirror, taking his phone out and snapping a few pictures to document the growth. Sherlock sighed and cupped his small belly. He had just finished texting with John about his honeymoon and out of spite, hacked into his account and posted to his blog. The omega was angry, more so upset, on behalf of their unborn child. This wasn’t fair. John was getting to parade around with his new wife while Sherlock carried his baby and vomited his guts up every morning because of it.
I'm sorry these chapters are so short, they should get longer as the story grows, I'm thinking about making this a series, although I haven't decided just yet (: happy reading!
“Well,” Sherlock spoke quietly “we’re investigating an undercover sex trafficking ring. You’re just here for back up. I can do all the leg work.”
Sherlock chewed his cheek, biting down hard before replying “Find out that I’m in love with you and that I have been since that night that you shot the cabbie for me.”
“Look, Sherlock, I..”
“Oh John..” He gasped, hand going to the back of the alphas neck “Yes…please..”
He got out of the cab and went inside the chapel, going to the room John told him to and he opened the door, seeing the alphas back as he looked in the mirror.
“Thanks, David.”
The alpha sat frozen for a moment before kissing back, slowly pulling away a few moments later “Sherlock, I can’t..y-you know I can’t..”
He nodded and sniffled, pulling his face out of John’s shirt to look up at him “A little girl..m’having a little baby girl, John. We’re having a baby.”
“Oh..I..I’ll have to take a long lunch but I’m fairly certain I can go. Are you sure about this? You were pretty upset the last time we talked..”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock giggled softly and took a swig “Never have I ever slept with a woman.”
The omega smiled tearfully and blindly reached for John’s hand, finding it moments later “Look, John, look. They’re so beautiful.”
The omega soon wrapped up the waltz and urged the DJ to start playing the upbeat music. He quickly weaved out of the crowds of people and walked outside, sliding his coat on, nearly to the sidewalk before he was stopped with a grab of his coat. He turned and looked; Molly.
A sense of pride and possessiveness washed over John as he grabbed Sherlock’s hips hard enough to bruise, thrusting roughly into him with a growl
The omega prepared for the worst, sitting down in his own chair “And what conclusion has all this thinking brought you too.”
‘When you get back from your idiotic sex holiday, we need to talk, John. Non negotiable.’
“Would you like to know the gender from the blood test, Mr. Holmes?”
“Hey, Sherlock..you look good.”
‘No. It’s not and it won’t be for a very long time. Just come over when you get back. ASAP.’
He stuck his tongue out and took a sip “Okay, urm..never have I ever lied about being bi..”
“Yeah. You didn’t think and you still won’t because you don’t care. You have your head too far up Mary’s arse to even care!” He started to cry, pulling his shirt back down and sitting in his chair
“I wouldn’t have called if I wasn’t sure, John. The appointment is at noon. 19 Harley Street. I’ll wait for you outside.”
“Hello, John. I just wanted to let you know that I have a baby appointment tomorrow and..if you want to..you can go.”
“Why? Why does matter, John? You’re with Mary. It shouldn’t matter what I do!”
‘Alright..’
“O-Okay..I..please take care of yourself..” John tried, heading for the door
, he thought to himself.
Sherlock nodded softly and they parted ways after a few minutes of hugging.
The detective stood sideways in front of him. He parted his dressing gown and lifted his shirt, showing off his ten-week baby bump
John walked in and approached, sitting next to the omega
“Come for me, you gorgeous man..only for me..” He grunted, working himself faster and deeper inside the omega
“Yeah, yeah, you’re married now. You have Mary. I get it. I’ve heard every excuse in the book but you know what John? Either you step up and be a father to this baby or I don’t want you near either one of us. It would hurt too much and it wouldn’t be fair to us. I don’t want to raise this baby on my own but I will if I have to.” He stared him down, eyes serious but still teary, hormones raising his already-heightened emotions
Sherlock and John had gotten back from the alphas stag night, both of them drunk off their arses and giggling, exchanging glances and brushing close. They went into the living room after John poured them each a drink. Sherlock sat opposite John in the omega’s living room, glass tumbler of whiskey in his hand as he looked at John
“Do you know what this is?” Sherlock growled at him
“What’s that, hon?
Sherlock stared at John for several long minutes after he was done speaking. Mind racing and pulsing with every emotion possible
“You’re not so bad yourself.” The man behind the counter remarked
The blonde gave a nod and stepped inside. He took off his gloves and sat down in his old chair, looking at Sherlock expectantly
The alpha sat down in his old chair silently as Sherlock wrapped up his melody
The alpha gulped down a drink of whiskey and hummed “Never have I ever been gay.”
“I loved you, Sherlock. I was so hopelessly and utterly in love with you and I was terrified to tell you. I was so scared because I know you don’t feel things that way and you were so in love with Irene that I just..I couldn’t do it. I could tell you and face the rejection. So, I moved on. I learned to internalize my feelings because you’re my best friend and I shouldn’t feel that way about you. It’s wrong and it would mess everything up. So, I’m sorry, Sherlock, I truly am. I just..I cannot possibly move on without telling you how I felt.”
