“I'm fine. I'm absolutely fine.”
“Unless it's sad romantically I want nothing to do with it.  The world has its own wars and deaths and cruelties.  I'll stick to a more gentle sorrow.  Love poems can always guarantee you that.”
“That can't possibly be comfortable, Sherlock.”
“Hmm.”
Sherlock gave a fake good-natured laugh. “No.”
“About what?”
He felt like a poet cliché, potentially loving someone far more than the other person would ever be able to manage. And so once again, Auden and the stars were there to taunt him.
"What story does it tell?"
“Because I didn't get to eat before I left and I'm starving. It won't kill you.”
John gave a resigned sigh, staring at the gravel beneath his feet. “His.”
This piece John did recognize.
And sometimes, it was only minutes.
He cupped the bloom in his hand, thinking that it was almost time to check on John again.
"The new Bond movie?"
This meant radio silence, which was about all he could handle.
“No!” He hated how he sounded, like a stubborn child.
“Are they true to their name? Do they try and steal things, I mean? I haven't had much experience with them.”
The sheets on the bed were so crisp and perfectly white, and the curtains catching in the breeze so diaphanous that the night should never have been allowed to end even if only out of the merit of its own perfection. They could feel the heat on every inch of skin, and instead of inspiring in them a devoted desperation, it created a lazy softened night. Drunk on a lack of sleep and love, the feeling of sedation everyone gets when they finally collapse in bed after staying up too late and traveling too far. John had only minimal experience with road trips in his life, and somehow the English countryside had never felt dramatic or interesting enough to conjure up that feeling of anticipation and contented exhaustion, never enough to make that ache in his muscles feel good instead of tiring. But the Roman sun and all the warmth it left behind when it gave way to a city of antiquity and light was more than enough to make every movement, every second of drifting in and out of sleep and trailing fingers along Sherlock's skin, worth more than any trip he'd ever taken before, and ever would after.
"I'll manage."
When he at last ventured upstairs for the first time in a good while, he stood in the middle of the living room looking the place over like a museum exhibit. All the little props that made up their lives, the stupid details that mattered to no one else besides them. It was hard to imagine any acts of violence ever taking place in a room like this, but the absence of blood so effectively eliminated any dark corners that John believed he would never have memories of this room that weren't warmth and safety and love.
In the dormitories I was paired with a young man studying business named Sebastian Wilkes. He was very dedicated to keeping up appearances. I made little effort to get to know him or any of his friends. But there were nights I would be working – or trying to – and he would watch me from his bed or desk, scrutinising, attempting to fill in the blanks about me. By spring of our first year, I had talked with him enough to consider him something like a friend, or at least a pleasant acquaintance, despite our differences. I certainly bore him no ill will. And I naively believed that he thought similarly.
“Why do you say that?”
“I don't know how to waltz.”
“Yes, perfectly all right. Just –” It should have been so easy. But all Sherlock could do was shake his head. “Lightning. Not helping my head.”
“Well,” John said, an edge to his voice, “I was going to ask you about yourself, pass the time. But maybe not since people can't really be friends.”
“Where from?”
"Get some rest, John."
Lesbian.
“Aren't you worried?”
But when Clara called for help, he answered. He knew he had a good track record for talking sense back into his sister. He wouldn't let Clara endure the rest of the Watsons alone.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows at this rambling, and then said simply, “Well you look traumatized, freshly traumatized, and the only large scale traumatic event I've heard of lately has been the Hickman explosion. Logical leap. Half the city seems to be walking around in an identical haze because of it.” John felt foolish as soon as the words were out of his mouth. Of course. It was stupid to forget just how many people had been affected. The city had treated it like a great tragedy that touched everyone, not just those who were in the gallery themselves.
“You stand no chance, John. No one from our District ever survives. And the other man that was chosen? Sherlock Holmes? He's smart, John, and from what I hear, he won't hesitate before throwing you to the wolves the first chance he gets.”
“Yeah, Sherlock, most everyone does.”
The cliché about aching hearts is, of course, medically inaccurate. But there is some truth in the spirit of the phrase. There is no scientific way to quantify the kind of pain that comes from loving someone you are convinced will never love you in return. It cannot be treated with medication. It is a symptom of a greater disease, one that has proven time and again to be chronic and incurable.
"Sure, whatever you say. Just try not to scream when there's a knock at the door. We don't want to scare the kids."
“You and the other stylist design what we wear in the Parade, right?”
John stepped back a few paces, trying to gauge Sherlock's reaction. Sherlock smiled and immediately closed the new distance.
It was a toss up as to which item was more taunting: the copy of
“Apparently Mary is someone who can compartmentalize well.”
?” Mycroft added. John hated the single word, hated the implications of it, that all this suffering was someone's sick cat and mouse game.
“What happened to Mary?”
“No, I quit a while back. Wasn't working for me very well.”
say something.”
"No longer with the dull nurse, then?"
When John tried to sleep that night, Sherlock didn't leave, didn't go outside to keep watch. He stayed, leaning against the cave wall beside John. After a while of trying to get comfortable on the rock, John sat up, rolling his shoulders to work out the kinks, and sat back against the wall as well.
“Playing the game?”
“I think we can manage that. You realize I'll have to tell Mrs. Hudson she has a new tenant, right?”
“Unfortunately, she would be correct.”
“Is it true? About my chances being better than his?”
“Sorry?”
Maybe they'd been right.
“Is he past my time? He must be quite a man of note to have an entire production made to chronicle his life.”
If he had known what was coming next, he might now have been so quick to dismiss the press.
“It's not worth seeing.”
“It's a very smart book. He was a doctor, you know. And it doesn't end happily.”
Sherlock let the sentence hang in the air, making an active effort to not give himself away in his expression. “I know that poem all too well. And perhaps desperate is an accurate assessment. Auden had his fair share of things to agonize over. If you were going to have a brutal introduction into poetry, you could have done far worse. At least you didn't just start with Shakespeare sonnets like everyone else does.”
The city
“The human brain is complex, and unfortunately, filled with the potential for rather terrible things.”
He rapidly assessed his situation, finding no way to undo the bonds that held him. No amount of time would help. Moriarty had done an efficient job. His thoughts turned to Sherlock, and suddenly he realized he was the bait.
John reached up, brushing confetti out of Sherlock's hair. “Well, thank goodness we both rather like a bit of chaos.”
“Mycroft told our parents,” he said finally.
“So what next?”
“You do all that because you're bored?” John let himself be led through the labyrinthine rooms of the house, trying to take in as much as possible. There were paintings all over the walls, many of them of gardens and landscapes, and despite everything being immaculately clean, the furniture gave the impression that its natural state was covered in a thin layer of dust and decay. They passed rooms with doors tightly shut, and others left open, revealing all manners of things, including multiple chemistry sets. Even the kitchen at the back of the house had chemistry equipment on its table, burn marks in the wood, and pieces of unidentifiable greenery littering the surface.
KR: Explain.
"Because it's none of your business, Lestrade. Besides, don't you have a murder to solve?" The DI glared at the detective. "Your presence here is not required."
“No.”
“I don't know,” John said as Sherlock's hand fell back to his side.
“I've been trying to read more poetry lately, actually,” John said to the man at the desk.
And someone was saving him.
He shrugged. “Tell a story,” he said, not entirely sarcastically.
There was a certain humanizing quality to being able to change clothes, to clean the remaining blood off his skin. He hadn't even realized how exhausted he'd been, how wired with fear and dread. Thank goodness hospitals always tried to keep things calm and still and quiet. Since he couldn't have museums, it would certainly do.
“I know. You and Sherlock Holmes, you're the men from District 12.”
“Doesn't mean I can't appreciate it.”
John caught himself running his eyes over every inch of his face, feeling incredibly silly when he did. He turned on to his back, shaking his head.
“If you won't go get proper help, then you could at least let
“Yeah, you don't get sent to prison. No one acts like there's something wrong with you. I mean, Harry and Clara were married.”
Do I really need to link you to the entirety of Leaves of Grass?
he care what she would think? It wouldn't matter, wouldn't change his mind. If she decided she could never speak to him again because of it, then so be it. He had lived without Mary for years. Living without Sherlock was another matter.
He pulled back mere inches, just long enough to say in a hushed voice, "I thought this wasn't really your area?"
"Not always." Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
When Mycroft came again to check on Sherlock's progress, he walked right into a block of marble. It stood, white and tall, a perfect smooth edifice crammed into the flat. Sherlock was gone.
"In case you find yourself stranded in an alleyway again."
He turned into the living room. Sherlock sat on a sofa, still and staring straight ahead of himself as he had on the train. He was as neat as ever, not a hair out of place, but he hadn't bothered to change out of pajamas, and the hollows of his cheekbones seemed more pronounced than usual.
“Sure,” she said knowingly. “Just a friend, then. Is that who you were talking to this morning? When the television was on?”
Unlike the sketch before him.
. That would be more accurate."
“Because you'll get yourself killed, that's why. Or you'll attract attention or get arrested.”
“Does that surprise you?”
Mycroft would have it no other way.
“Sherlock?”
“So all the people on this screen are fictional?”
secrets he had. What if they encountered him somewhere, and he was exposed? What would he say? How could he ever explain any of this to a man who had never known the slightest bit of fear?
John was beginning to live outside the shadow of Afghanistan and the Hickman. He would catch himself sometimes, realizing he had made it through entire days without thinking about either of them. He felt a strange sense of peace when he would be able to look for something in his closet without feeling weighted down for the rest of the day by the knowledge of what was still tucked away in the back of it.
“No?” John ran his fingers over the words, like he could pull the truth from them through touch alone.
But he couldn't. The longer he stayed the more he felt danger closing in on him. There was no way another tribute wouldn't follow the sound of the gunshot, wouldn't find the flock of birds singing their coordinated tune. He forced himself to his feet, looking down at Molly.
“Isn't lilac a type of purple?”
Sherlock looked at the two hands. The berries were identical, as far as he could tell. He hated his mind, half focusing on the old man's “sponsor,” instead of focusing on the task at hand. He had always had a brilliant mind, but he was also always under ideal conditions.
“Hmm.”
“Well,
“Kitty.”
Early in the morning was always the hardest time. If John could sleep through till daylight, he knew he was capable of surviving the rest of the day. But on nights where he would lie awake, or worse, be jarred from sleep in those early morning hours, he had a harder time believing in his own ability for survival. That gray time, that transition from night to dawn, was always the most crippling. Something about the way the light changed in how it cut through the curtains, or the way he could slowly hear the city coming to life outside his window, one car, one clanging metal gate slung up to open a shop, one person shouting to another on the street. It all felt too vivid and surreal to be a real time of day. The middle of the night carried with it a certain level of mystique that was always filled with possibility. And he could remember when the early gray morning brought the same feeling, along with a happy, comfortable exhaustion. But now it was an in-between time, a limbo, a question of could he make it through the real day, could he make it through another night. He would be allowed perhaps an hour in this liminal state before the light shifted to full morning and he was forced to face another day without the rest of his world.
Finally everything was the way it was supposed to be, the way it should have been within a week of them meeting each other. Everything was obvious in retrospect.
“Sorry. You ready to leave?”
Molly would continue her mooning over the years. I didn't know how to respond to it. So I left her to fight with her emotions on her own.
“It doesn't have to dominate every hour of every day. You're blowing things out of proportion.” Sherlock realized the error he'd made as soon as he'd said it.
“Not highly. I think he's despicable.”
Sherlock saw John stiffen, and when he looked at him, the resignation had hardened to rage. He watched John's jaw clench, saw the moment he lost all sense of self-preservation.
“It's the same fucking argument she's had with me a hundred times.”
. There was nothing they could give John except their smiles, and that was enough. They asked, and they received. Why couldn't everything be that easy, that logical? Sherlock liked the idea that all you had to do was ask. That sort of world would make things run so much smoother. There would be so much less red tape, so much less pointless dancing around things. It would streamline human interaction if people would think like that year round.
"All right?"
“I never told you how I took my coffee,” he said, sitting down across from him.
He shook his head, shutting his eyes for a second as he blocked the images that rose to the surface of his brain. “No, not them. I – I found someone. They'd been attacked, but not enough to kill them. They got left with a slow bleed. I didn't want to watch them suffer any more than they already had.”
Sholto had never looked at John with as much kindness as he had in that moment. He had seen him at his lowest point, and for once his life was in a good enough state that he could be happy for John without thinking in the back of his head
"Merry Christmas, Sherlock."
Was it too soon to call this love? Surely for John it was. But Sherlock, who had always experienced life turned up as high as possible, who felt either nothing or everything, had no other words in his vocabulary that could express this, this feeling of having known someone your entire life but never having met.
“Why is that?”
The security guard continued rambling, the only real intelligible words, “The Vermeer.” John's head was pounding, but still he tried to remember where the painting had been, finally finding its wall. He didn't look down when he heard the gurgling speech, the horrid sound that came with death. As if the guard had been able to transfer his own thoughts to John, suddenly all John could think about was the Vermeer.
“Sorry?” He briefly wondered if Mrs. Hudson had brought him up, discussed him with this man that she was obviously relatively close to. But the look on Sherlock's face said that he had known nothing, his information about John was coming from elsewhere, somewhere internal judging by the look in his eyes. But how was that possible?
Sherlock was already mentally preparing for another quiet evening. His brain was beginning to rot down here.
His ex-therapist likely would have found plenty to say about that.
Heads turned to find the source of his voice, a handful of whispers passing through the crowd, likely something to the effect of
“No reason at all.”
Sherlock had followed the pack of tributes all day at a safe distance. It wasn't that he found them particularly interesting. In fact, all he had concluded in his day of tracking them was that they were uncouth and imbecilic. If they were to survive the arena, it wouldn't be through wits. He had followed them for his own sake. Once he determined that they weren't the tactical sort of tributes, he decided they wouldn't think to look where they'd already been. Thus far, he had been correct. They hunted through the woods, killing one tribute who was in their path, but they never once looked behind them. So Sherlock had followed, usually so far behind that he could barely see them, but always close enough that they wouldn't turn to cover the same ground again. It would keep him safe enough for now.
Sherlock was the first to venture out of Baker Street, obligations with his brother. Soon the news would break, if it hadn't already, that Sherlock was back from the dead. The only reason it didn't break immediately was because Sherlock stayed off the map for a while, tucked away into his bedroom with John. Soon there would be no quiet. There would be cases again, and well-wishers, and people who wanted to curse them for all the pain they'd caused. But they relished in that last hour before Sherlock went to meet Mycroft.
“How are you?”
. He pushed through the people, shouting at some of them to get out of the way. Some let him pass, others trying to hold him back as he broke into the circle, his lungs feeling squeezed to death inside him. All that mattered was Sherlock dead on the ground, surrounded by a pool of blood, and even as he reached for his wrist, he knew he wouldn't find a pulse.
he thought,
Sherlock was in his cramped flat when he felt the strange tug that always accompanied the world stopping. Except this time, he hadn't willed it to. He looked around his living room, frowning in a rare case of confusion. When he left the flat, he found London frozen as always, but he was intensely disturbed instead of pleased to see the stopped cars and poised pedestrians.
It wasn't even a full minute before Sherlock noiselessly appeared, sitting beside him. He offered no comment, but followed the line of John's gaze. John was sure Sherlock had known why he'd come out here, but he had never pegged Sherlock for someone to watch the skies for the list of the dead.
“Why not?”
“It's boring as hell, to tell you the truth.”
But Sherlock was not so happy. It couldn't be a good sign, things lining up this way. If he'd been truly human and had a heart beat, he was sure it would have been racing.
Molly stared at him for a long time, watching the series of little changes cross his face. Anxiety. Panic. Self-loathing.
“You're going to Afghanistan.”
John set the whiskey bottle on the table. “Elaborate? Start with a name, maybe?”
“I can never get him to watch the news nowadays, unfortunately,” Felix said. “He lives with blinders on.”
John slowly shoved himself to his feet, his cane gone. But he was relatively steady, too disoriented to even notice if his leg was hurting at all. He turned in a circle –
I think I lied to myself for quite some time, though. As a result of that lying, I can tell you the second I knew, or rather, admitted to myself, that I loved him.
Block after block, he walked, hoping that distancing himself from Baker Street might distance himself from all these memories. But it didn't. The entire world was still only John Watson.
“What else would I do?”
The entire ride to his childhood home was spent reading it to avoid having to see reminders of his life fly by him. He knew if he looked up at any point he would recognize the shops, the restaurants, the streets, and the somehow ever-visible specter of the Tor in the distance.
Sholto had been right.
“You don't like international crime. You think it's tedious.”
“And you know how to make an impression with these people, then?” Sherlock asked, his voice tinged with condescension.
“So what is the point in working together when we're both going to die?”
He jumped up, whirling around at the sound of the voice. He stared at the rock face of the cliff, his brow furrowing in confusion. Residual hallucinations? No, the drug should have been long gone from his system. Was this it, then? Had the arena simply broken him?
“No. I hoped
love it?”
“Like a nonexistent bet we made.”
“Perfect,” John said, without a moment's hesitation, though there was an instability in his voice that Sherlock couldn't quite place. Had he truly been lucky enough that John had not read too much into his suggestion? Was he really so blessed this interminable night? “Can always count on you, Sherlock.”
His father rolled his eyes. “When will all three of you stop defending her? She made her bed.”
for the hundredth time. To hell with the questions about his next project, which he could never tell them didn't exist at all. Not yet.
I found what I needed in a seedy part of London. I sat in an alley nearby, feeding my monsters. My mobile had rung multiple times. Victor left a voicemail, worried about me. Mycroft had called as well. I did not answer either of them.
“John, what were you thinking?! Why did you do it!”
He looked up at me in horror, and suddenly he crumpled into nothing. "Don't say anything to them."
John laughed, and Sherlock glanced at him for a second, surprised by the reaction. “So you're going to London for uni? That's what Mike said.”
what to do with you.” She gave him a pursed-lip smile and, electronics still in hand, said, “Let's get started.”
John sat down in his chair and cast a disapproving glance at the Christmas tree. Mrs. Hudson had more or less insisted on putting one up. Its lights were on, and they cast their multicolored spotlights on the floor, so cheerful on such a cold and dreary night. He stayed hypnotized by them for a while before he gave up and went to bed. He didn't sleep upstairs anymore. His old room was usually shut off to conserve heat. It was easier to use the other bedroom. And even though the one downstairs had long since been his room, somehow it still felt like Sherlock's, the periodic table even still in place on the wall. John hadn't had the heart to remove it.
“What makes you so sure?”
John stumbled a little on the pavement. “Why?”
Sherlock stood in his room, looking at the fancy clothes and dreading the day.
“No, I mean you look sad. When you think he can't see you.”
“I don't know how many died when I was unconscious, but there can't be more than four or five of us left here in total, statistically. It isn't likely.”
“Mary isn't strange or broken.”
“No, I suppose not.” The drinks had begun to kick in, and for the first time in hours, John didn't feel ready to burst. The living room was quiet and felt insulated from the outside world. And Sholto had been unexpectedly talkative, and of all things, had clearly considered these same questions many times before. “Did you ever find anyone like that?”
The peace was oddly broken by something that would have brought a certain amount of joy to any other couple. They were at Mary's place one night, when she suggested they take a holiday.
“Are you all right?”
Before he walked away, he said only, “Wrong.”
John jumped, and immediately regretted doing so when he felt the pain that came with moving. "What?"
John finally let go of Sherlock's hand, staring off into the woods. No flocks of birds, no sound from the forest at all.
He was glad to see it disappear behind him as he walked away.
“Whatever you say.” John rubbed the base of his neck with one hand, trying to work the tension out of it. “I love seeing everybody, don't get me wrong, but these big parties are exhausting.”
John was quiet for a very long time. "Thank you."
“You said you saw me twice?”
"For what?"
A new set of hands pulled at him, more strong and insistent than the Romans and the tourists. He saw the black car out of the corner of his eye – Mycroft's people, fucking of course – and the men, Mycroft's hired hands, grabbed at his arms and physically dragged him away despite his fighting.
His closet door was open, and near it sat the suitcase that held the Vermeer. He had had to open it to get a shirt and had forgotten to shut it all the way, the edge of the canvas just visible under the clothes. John's eyes flitted to his door, checking to see that it was closed even though he knew damn well it was. The painting related paranoia had been mostly kept at bay since he moved, his brain usually too preoccupied with whatever was going on with Sherlock to think about it much. But in the silence of his bedroom, it crept up on him again.
“Perhaps I should have listened to you.”
“That's the general idea, I suppose.” Sherlock said nothing else, and John was beginning to think that he had had all he could take of conversation for the night. He was considering going back inside, maybe trying to lie down at least. Sherlock wasn't even looking in his direction anymore. He was staring off at the lit Acropolis. But finally he asked, “Was that the worst day of your life? That incident with Harry and your parents?”
If anywhere could offer him answers about his life, surely it would be this liminal and picturesque chalet.
Sherlock had thrown Mycroft a line about how an angel should be more concerned with the ethics of deliberately arranging meetings between people. He had not taken kindly to that.
"I told him I was not in love with you."
When John returned to Baker Street that evening, haunted by the ease with which his old friend had read him, he found Sherlock already home, stretched out on the sofa and presumably deep in thought. When he got that way, John tended to leave him to it, not breaking his silence or needlessly filling it with chatter. But he was only five minutes into his nightly routine when Sherlock said, “Things may get rather chaotic in the coming weeks.”
“Who do you think was holding the sniper sights on Sherlock in that hotel room?”
“This man needs a tangible guardian. Someone he can see.”
When Sherlock looked at him, his throat felt tight, but he forced himself to speak anyway. “Do you know why Stradivarius violins are thought to have a higher quality of sound than others?” It was all he could do to keep from closing his eyes and cursing himself right then and there.
“I thought I explicitly said to leave me alone.”
Mary only smiled, and said, “Go home, John.”
“So you didn't say anything to me for days because Sherlock Holmes is alive. Why did you wait to tell me that your best friend was back from the dead? Didn't you think that was information worth sharing?”
The noise came again, clearer this time, but still very far off. A growl. It was followed by a single high-pitched scream. And then the cannon.
He ran.
A lowlife American reporter was outside their building at one point, asking who John
“I haven't told her yet. I think she knows we aren't together anymore, but she doesn't
And there it was, half-uncovered by the windy night. He hadn't thought the mines stretched this far, but apparently there were a few outliers. The tributes either hadn't noticed it or didn't think it worth paying attention to. If it went off, it would at the very least injure them. It might even kill one of them, even though John didn't really want that to be the case. It only needed to throw them off enough for him to get down the rock slope and get the hell away.
Sherlock stared at John a moment longer before walking a few steps closer to the falls, slowly. He looked over them, at the faint outline of Jim's body below. If he hit the rocks just right...
"I've spent years running after criminals, John. That's what I do."
I saw little of Sebastian the next few days.
And all he could do was release the world, and hope they would save each other again.
“What makes you think I know?”
“Promise me that I'll never have to be out there again.”
“We give those to people who are dying. If I had something safe to give you for the pain, I would. But I don't.”
“Yeah. The second time, though, I saw you dead.”
“Simple.”
“I've already called Mycroft.” John must have looked concerned because Sherlock glanced at him and immediately added, “No, no, no, don't worry, the police aren't going to get involved.”
That remark hung in the air for a moment, although not unpleasantly.
“Oh, yeah. Grew up in its shadow like everyone else here did.”
When they approached the front of their hotel, it took John a few steps to realize Sherlock was not beside him anymore. He turned around, panicking at first, wondering where he could have disappeared to, and then he saw him at the edge of the alley, down on one knee with his hand extended. John stood there confused for a moment before he saw the dog cautiously stick its head out from under a parked car. When the dog licked his hand, Sherlock ruffled its ears and the dog perked up. Sherlock pulled a bit of rope from his pocket, and John realized he'd planned to get the dog from the start if it was still there. He carefully looped the rope around the dog's neck, and it stood obediently and gazed up at him like he was his savior. The dog was underfed, scrawny, really, and probably needed a few baths to wash off the dust, but Sherlock didn't seem to care, and he walked the dog to the front door of the hotel, waiting for John to go inside ahead of them.
"I endured a James Bond movie for you, didn't I?" Sherlock said with his characteristic smirk.
“Do you?”
“Do you need something?”
Sherlock knew John was at Harry's, and he arrived just as the doctor was leaving. He didn't look well. When Harriet Watson's face shows concern, then it's a given that the situation is bad.
"A few days."
"How do I know this isn't something my brain is making up? A dream?"
“Yes. And I held yours.”
“Must be very time consuming.”
“I've always sort of wondered if you two were more than flatmates, to tell you the truth.”
"Oh. That does make my efforts at taking part in this holiday a tad in bad taste." John brushed past him back into the kitchen, putting the dishes on the counter and the remaining food in the fridge, which was blessedly lacking in body parts, for a change.
“Be more careful next time. No more abandoned houses.” The boy set about checking his eyes, reflexes, looking him over and asking if he could move all his extremities. Sherlock winced more than once. “In pain, I imagine. I'm afraid there's not much we can do for that right now. You'll just have to get some rest.”
“I don't know, Sherlock, now come on.” He waved for him to follow, and after one more horrified look at the deerstalker, Sherlock complied.
John slowly stood from his seat, a whirling sense of vertigo washes over him. “You.”
“I got used to it.”
“Understatement.”
Every few hours for the rest of the day, John would be struck with the same realization: he was at the mercy of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock could decide at any point to mention John's presence at the Hickman to Lestrade. There was nothing keeping him from doing so. But by the time he went to bed that night, he had decided to trust Sherlock. It may prove to be a dangerous decision, and John was certainly out of practice where trusting others was concerned, but something made him genuinely believe that Sherlock would never do anything to hurt him, even if the only reason was because he felt it illogical.
“Look, I get it that you have this neat immunity to poisonous plants, but you don't have immunity to getting stabbed by thorns.”
He hated himself, a few nights after he was brought back to England, because he had been stupid and sentimental enough to dial his phone number. The phone was out of service of course – what's the point in keeping a dead man's phone on? – but that hardly mattered. It wasn't as if Sherlock had ever properly set up voice mail. It would have only been the default recording,
By the time John thought to stop the world, it was too late.
I was twenty-seven and had since left university, finding it to be much more trouble than it was worth, much to Mycroft's chagrin. My brother set me up in a small flat in London in hopes of keeping me out of trouble. He did not succeed, of course, and so by twenty-seven I was spending most of my days in a drugged haze.
John wished suddenly that it was still those few hours after Moriarty had strapped a bomb to him, those precious hours alone with Sherlock in their living room, because at least that was a sort of peace. They had none now. They were never alone, always hounded by reporters and police and media whores, all inundated on every channel with new developments in the case of the world's greatest fake, Sherlock Holmes.
“Sister. Short for Harriet. Anyway, I guess it makes me a bit nostalgic.”
And the extra time only allowed him to relive every terrible moment.
“John, look. We all have an equal shot this year, yes. But there's nothing we can do about it.” The recently announced stipulation for the Reaping had been that the two tributes selected could be of any age or any gender. The Capitol said it was to remind them that their actions had consequences for everyone, but all it told John was that even surviving into adulthood didn't guarantee your safety from the Capitol's practices. And he had been horrified at the implications. What if the names drawn were, for instance, a strong healthy man and a four year old girl? It was drastically unfair, he thought. Everyone had an equal chance at the Reaping, yes, but that guaranteed that there would be nothing close to an equal chance in the arena. “Personally, I like my chances. The odds are in my favor for once.” She grinned.
John didn't say anything else. They were always okay with comfortable silence. He was the only person who had never seemed to feel the need to fill every waking second with words. Right then, Sherlock was incredibly grateful for that.
A silence fell over the woods. There were the usual noises, of course, wind through the trees and occasional birdsong, but they were so much a part of the background that they didn't even register with John. Sherlock's frenzy had created a world where everything seemed like silence by comparison.
“You know what I mean. It'll save time if you quit acting like you don't.”
Sherlock had gone out walking alone early that morning, needing a reprieve before spending the day on guard as he followed the other tributes. Or maybe he wouldn't follow them. Maybe he would let them leave, and would wait for John to come down, and just align himself with him instead. Even if it was only for a few days, even if they were eventually forced to part ways and become enemies, he would take the numbered days. They were better than nothing.
Liber Weekly
His brain instantly became all calculations. How far to reach my gun, how far to my phone to call the police. But nothing could force him to move. Paralyzed.
“I told you not to get shot, but you clearly didn't listen.”
“Who was it that you saw when you first came back from Afghanistan? What was her name? Ella?”
“What makes you think something's wrong?”
"It's been twelve hours."
“I have no idea what to do. I know what will happen, it's just a matter of when and how.”
John swallowed hard as Moriarty made small cut in the skin on his chest.
The warmth of blood continued to spread over his face. He wiped some away with his wet hand, his fingers coming back red.
* * *
Of course John ran after him. And their world unraveled.
There was a pause before he responded, a smile in his voice. “You'll never have to be out there again.”
“I told you I knew what they liked.” Irene flashed them a pleased smirk. “Thank god for good stylists.” Hudson gave a dismissive wave of her hand. Anthea was too preoccupied with her gadget to notice. Irene looked between John and Sherlock. “Whose idea was the hand thing? Oh, don't tell me, it must have been you, John. Not really Sherlock's style, is it? It was a good move.”
"The usual reason." John finished the drink and set the glass down on the counter with a clatter. He walked back to the living room, beginning to clean up the flat. Sherlock knew what the usual reason was without John saying. It was always Sherlock's fault, even if only tangentially. Their lifestyle was not conducive to lasting relationships. But John never blamed him for it.
“Because people are wondering what's wrong. People will talk.”
you're being sarcastic." He quickly and easily bandaged the cut and knelt back down on one knee in front of me, scrutinising his own work. He gave a slow shake of his head. "You are going to hurt like hell tomorrow."
“At two in the morning?”
KR: Yes. Victor Trevor took the world by storm. Is he inspired by a real person?
“Surely you had more than a temporary living space during your adult life in England.”
The book of Neruda was so small; even Sherlock admitted that. But he also said that even though it was small that it “contained multitudes.” John was sure that description was yet another reference escaping him. But it rang true.
Earlier, a few blocks back, he had been stopped by some clueless tourists who wanted their photo taken. A man and a woman, in their late twenties, so transparent they may as well have been glass. The woman had straightened hair and thick mascara, and the man wore those horrendous knee-length khaki shorts that made him look like a teenager. Both of them had smiles that were a little too wide and falsely welcoming. They weren't married yet, but would be soon enough, and then likely would divorce five years down the road. People were so predictable.
He walked over to her, kneeling beside her. She didn't cringe away from him; he wasn't even sure she could. Her blue eyes stared up blindly for a few seconds, the filtered slants of light coming through the trees making her squint, before they shifted just a little bit, to watch John. He had never seen such hopelessness. Her hand pressed against her stomach, trying either to futilely stop the bleeding or trying to somehow dull the pain.
stop after losing someone like Sherlock. He hated how the entire city would go on about their daily business as if everything were normal. He knew the news would try to slander Sherlock, and he knew he would fight them every step of the way because it was impossible that Sherlock Holmes was a fake.
“Your door isn't locked.”
He went about his morning as if it were any other morning, after taking some medicine for his headache. But he couldn't focus on anything, cases or experiments. Finally he just resorted to playing his violin as softly as possible. John had long since grown used to sleeping through him playing at strange hours.
When Sherlock finally spoke, his voice was just the slightest bit softer than usual. Another comment that normally would have sounded sarcastic sounded genuine. "Well, I wouldn't say that."
“It is an average instrument, but it suffices.”
“I don't care. I told you I wasn't one of the angels.” Mycroft stood there, debating. “If you don't send me, I'll find a way myself. I'm the smartest one here. You know I'll figure it out.”  There was a tense and heavy silence. Sherlock began to feel jittery. “Give me five minutes in this form, and then you can do whatever you want. You can cast me out for all I care.”
Suddenly the weight of the green and yellow book grew heavier in his bag. John had been so distracted at the time that he hadn't even noted what book it was, which title, which author. It was simply Sherlock Holmes' book. Once he realized this, he quickly made excuses about meetings and deadlines to Mike and threw around promises of lunches and free afternoons, anything to get him home faster.
“They weren't paying attention.”
He was sitting in one of the countless hotel rooms he'd lived in since the angel had fallen. He hadn't been able to go back to Baker Street.
John picked up the paper from the top of Sherlock's dresser and, without so much as reading the little column, threw it into the fireplace.
Sherlock paused, his eyes blank. “You think so?”
When morning came, Molly woke with the sun and was only foggy from sleep for a couple of minutes before she set about what John assumed was her daily routine. She shared her food with him again, even though he'd protested, and walked with him to show him the nearby stream where she'd been getting her water. She continued talking about whatever struck her, asking how John was feeling and what he was going to do.
“I believe that.”
“Is this about the Hickman? Sherlock, there is no way in hell I'm staying out of that. I don't think I could if I wanted to.”
John hadn't understood what Sherlock meant when he'd said
“Not really my area.”
He paused, trying to cover up what John imagined was an innate awkwardness. “Well. I couldn't be certain about your reaction, could I?”
“I know.”
was salvation, this awestruck love.
“Yes. They will.”
“I doubted the theories, of course. Physics has never been as interesting as chemistry, but it was a boring afternoon. Had to find something to do.”
. You're doing all of this for a painting? You're part of Moriarty's crime network and you're obviously, what? A contract killer? Don't you have better uses of your time?”
John scoffed. “Escape? There is no escape from this, Mary.”
Mary reached out a hand to help him up, but didn't comment.
“Well, we've certainly managed to. I don't know what to say to you.”
Sherlock ran to him, deeper into the fog, and grabbed him by the shoulder. John swung at him, and Sherlock had to hold his arms to keep him from attacking again. His eyes were not the eyes Sherlock knew. They were panicked. They were mad. Sherlock tried to talk to him, to get his attention, but no words seemed to get through. He let go of John's arms, told him they had to run before the other tributes killed them, but John stood paralyzed, staring at the ranting men across the hollow as the woman screamed again. Sherlock yelled at him to run, and something finally snapped inside John. He stared at Sherlock for one long second, and then bolted. Sherlock watched him go, and was about to start after him when he began to feel odd, lightheaded. And as he looked toward the three tributes, he understood.
Early the next morning, Sherlock was sitting in a chair he'd pulled up next to John's bed. He didn't feel the need to keep himself secluded in the far corner of the room anymore. He'd moved his makeshift office, and found its new location to be preferable to the old one.
“What do you mean?” Sherlock sat back from his microscope, removing the slide and replacing it with a new one.
Sherlock could feel John's eyes on him. “Victor, this is John Watson. A friend of mine.”
All around the birds flew, zigzagging in and out of the trees, all of them singing for her, singing her song. It wasn't that loud in reality, but it deafened John. It might as well have been louder than the cannons. A harmonious nightmare of birdsong.
It had taken all the nerve he had to just say that. John knew what to do about the faked death. Sherlock was, and often still is, a complete bastard, but he had done what he did for a good reason. Simple. But the streets of Rome were not so easily explained away.
“I hadn't really thought about it,” he said, putting his hands behind his head on the pillow so that they wouldn't be on her.
“I don't care what you lend yourself to.”
“He's not dead.”
“Christ, Sherlock, no I don't. How could I?”
“You'd best be getting back to Mary. She'll be waiting for you.”
Looking down into it he could see the fountain, the soft bubbling of the running water audible even on their balcony, and the scattered wrought iron tables and chairs. There were only a few people taking advantage, sitting around talking softly to each other, one group whispering over a carafe of red wine, everyone seeming to respect the hushed nature of the location. The interior nature of the courtyard blocked most of the noise from the city; only occasionally would a lone car horn or shouting tourist be loud enough for anyone to hear. The exterior balcony would surely be louder, but this one turned the city from a roar to a whisper, and the sense of being lost in the silence of a place surrounded by life and vivacity was oddly soothing.
“What happened?”
His thoughts became a stream of consciousness, a fight or flight response that immediately took him back to sun and sand, to explosions and fire. He tried to stay clinical, knowing that if he didn't he would crack.
“Can I see?”
“That's what you said about Afghanistan, too, John.”
"Yeah. Well, remember last Christmas? Jeanette, the one you called the boring teacher? She said I was a good boyfriend, and then she said 'Sherlock Holmes is a very lucky man.' We split because she felt like she was competing with you."
He had been staring at me across the pub all evening. It was a few years after the debacle with Victor. I was having a weak night and had gone to the pub knowing there was someone there who could give me my fix. But I had pulled myself together mostly, settling for the only socially acceptable drug available: alcohol.
A sharp intake of breath as he pulled his hand away. He picked up the rose by the edge of its pot, sitting it down on the nearest table, trying to look at it closer. He touched it over and over, always expecting a certain result. But science should never anticipate the same results. If it did, there wouldn't be vaccines.
“Sentimental or brutal?”
“Yeah. Besides. I don't think he even feels things that way.”
John wondered if he felt like a stranger in his own house from the way he stood carefully, like a guest trying to avoid bumping into expensive furniture. What sort of conditions had he lived in while he was dead? Had he even had a home to come back to at the end of the night? Or had his life reverted to his childhood, always in a different place, always starting over, always wishing to have a stationary bedroom that he could afford to make his own? John caught him out of the corner of his eye, running his hand along the bannister of the stairs lovingly, always smiling until he looked at John, at which point he wore what John could only describe as a hint of fear. He was a dog waiting to be kicked.
"And you? All right?"
It was on a whim that Sherlock sent the text. He hadn't really believed anything would come of it.
Sherlock eyed the bottles and vials, his gaze lingering far too long on the syringe. He saw the boy out of the corner of his eye, following his line of sight before turning back to Sherlock, his expression tinged with disapproval.
"You don't have a girlfriend then?" There was an edge to his voice I could not quite place.
“I don't suppose honesty is an option on the table?”
“You okay?”
My phone chimed from my bedside table. A request for help from Lestrade, as was always the case nowadays.
“I didn't. They killed themselves. Those kids from the good districts, they think they're so much better than everyone else. Think they're smarter, stronger, better trained. They may be a couple of those things, but they aren't smarter.
“He's going to surgery as we speak. Do you know if he has any allergies?”
Accessible. Sentimental. Devastating.
“Who all lives there?”
“I saw the look on your face. You looked like someone was holding a gun to your head.”
I began to regret coming. I could feel myself spinning.
"I had none."
“I wouldn't. I
The night the exhibition opened was a flurry of formal clothes and expensive drinks, absurdly rich people from all countries and walks of life. And the security detail was so extensive that it seemed superfluous for the two of them to even be there. They clearly had it under control.
“So that you look enthusiastic.”
They ordered room service for dinner, deciding to wait and venture out into the city once they'd had some rest. When the food arrived, the world was in full dark and the courtyard became lit by a few soft lights, just enough to walk around without hurting yourself. Somewhere in the orange trees there were birds singing.
She gave him a cocky, slightly superior smile. “Attempting to pretend continues to fail you.”
“Wait, seriously?”
He highly doubted that whoever else was stopping his world was dealing with things like this.
John laughed. “No, I don't think so either.” He resisted the urge to drag him down by that stupid scarf and kiss him, but decided that would only make it harder. He opened the door, the two of them walking out onto the pavement, pausing before heading their separate ways. “Goodbye, Sherlock.” The words barely came out.
John Watson is a man who does not merely wear his heart on his sleeve, but wears it across his entire body. It emanates from him like an aura. He has never been able to hide anything from me or surprise me since the second he walked into the lab that day.
Over the last week, he had read quite a lot of John Watson's work. He kept coming back to
“I almost was, once. I think they herded someone toward me. But I got out in time. I had another knife, but I dropped it when I was running. They took it, but I got everything else out. I waited for a few hours, to make sure it was safe to come back. It's a nice spot. You wouldn't be able to find it easily unless you were led here. Otherwise, chances of just stumbling across it are slim.”
Sherlock turned toward him. “Well, you asked me to.”
John took a few steps closer, picking at a loose bit of fabric on his gloves as he came to a stop beside Sherlock.
When he held his gun on the bomb with Moriarty standing at the end of the pool daring him to blow them all up, he almost stopped his world. But Moriarty found him interesting enough as it was. What would he feel compelled to do if he realized that Sherlock had other attributes previously unknown to him? What would he do if he vanished into thin air? And what would John do if he suddenly moved from the pool to the safety of Baker Street?
He scowled and slid his phone back into his pocket without replying. The man watched him curiously for a moment before making his selection. As he walked away, he paused by Sherlock and pointed to one of the endless cartons.
“The worst day of my life was shortly after I got back from Afghanistan. I looked at my gun in my desk drawer, and it looked inviting.” Sherlock paused, cigarette halfway to his lips. Not quite pity, but something in that area. “Do you know what that's like?”
Sherlock looked around at the other tributes and their teams as they prepared for the Parade. One pair caught his eye. The tributes from District 8, textiles. One was a large man with glasses, older than John it looked like, dressed in classic formal wear, an elegant blue brocade suit. The other tribute was a woman, and a small one at that. She had a scared look in her eyes like a little girl would. She was wearing a pink ball gown, one made of seemingly endless thin layers of shimmery sheer material. The end result made her look like a princess from a fairy tale. She had a lot of light brown hair that was left hanging straight down her back. Her stylists must have been working the sweet innocence look.
“Not sure. A few weeks, perhaps. Why?”
"You're not missing anything, John. Hospital floors are such uninspiring places."
don't know how the public will react to anything I publish.
John went out for drinking water the next morning, carrying the canister Irene had sent. He nearly tripped four times walking down to the river. He mentally chastised himself. This was why this was all a bad idea. He couldn't afford to have his mind split. The only focus should be survival. Not...whatever this was.
SH: No, not all of it. In fact, not most of it. But certainly not poetry. People worry so much about what a poem
anything at all.
“Like what?”
“What are you doing here?”
“Don't drop them.” Sherlock nodded absently before replacing the keys in his pocket. John grinned. “You don't drink much, do you? You look like you're about to fall over.”
“It's good work.”
“I'm already here,” he typed back. “Staying in a little place outside Street.”
John didn't even knock on the door. He let himself in before he lost his nerve, his free hand gripped tightly around his walking stick. Harry had called it a cane and he'd snapped at her, even though she was right. It had just gotten so hard to walk without help since he'd come home.
Whenever the hovercraft would come to retrieve bodies, they would take whatever weapons were lodged in them as well. And Sherlock decided that the old man's sponsor should have to suffer the loss of his stash. After all, his player had lost the game.
"Yes, but that was before –" He seemed to stop breathing for a moment.
He left his room, pacing around their floor, rubbing his hands over his eyes. When he walked into the living room, he stopped, staring at the figure in the window. Sherlock was sitting in the window seat, his back leaning against the wall and his arms resting on his knees. He was silhouetted by the lights of the Capitol, which he stared at with a blank indifference.
“I have no capacity for forgiveness where this is concerned.”
“Jesus, Sherlock,” John said, dropping the folder onto the desktop.
Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back to keep from fidgeting. “I can be, if the situation calls for it.”
“I never thought I'd end up with Phillip. You were still married when I met you.”
“The people who consider themselves normal are generally the ones who are not. Besides, normalcy is overrated. The only redeeming qualities, the only things that make anyone interesting, are the dark and twisted streaks they have in them that they try so desperately to beat down for the sake of public approval. Murderers are always interesting, and they certainly aren't what one would call normal. Everyone has a darker streak in them, John, the capacity for something more than hollow chatter and insincere office Christmas parties. Even you.”
“Sorry?”
The drinks must have finally hit him. Everything felt so hazy. And it seemed like the stairs had even less room than before.
John tried to think.
John fell silent, his eyes dropping to the table. “You don't believe we'll be the last two alive anyway, so what does it matter? According to you, it will never actually come to that.”
The second kiss shouldn't have happened either, yet it came even easier than the first.
John pulled his phone out of his pocket, staring at it in his hand for a minute before typing out a message to one of his friends, an excuse about not feeling well. He hit “send.”
Sherlock saw John's head turn in his periphery and believed that he was finally avoiding eye contact as well, but instead he was just looking around the two of them, scanning for any people potentially passing by the aisle. But there were none.
“Quite right,” Sherlock said, barely audible over the crowd. He smiled and kissed John, thinking to himself that he would gladly say to hell with the impossible and never let him go.
“God, we still have the Victory Tour to deal with. Never mind the fact that we'll be mentors now. How are we going to survive
"Try as you might, Sherlock, you are not going to crush my holiday spirit."
When Molly walked into the lab early the following morning, she found Sherlock already at his usual place at the bench. He was preparing a set of petri dishes, but seemed too distracted to really accomplish anything.
The kiss was the epitome of
, that the new girlfriend or boyfriend can always tell when you're still in love with the person you supposedly moved on from.”
Mycroft refused to answer.
“I try to avoid a certain kind of sorrowful poetry.”
And why couldn't the kiss have been in a better time, a better place? Why in the midst of crisis, in what felt like a split second? Why hadn't either of them crossed that last boundary in the church under all those golden stars, when a kiss could have felt like it lasted hours, a kiss of stained glass and marble instead of bricks and sirens?
Mary overstayed her welcome very quickly, chatting with Sherlock as if they were old friends, and Sherlock was either genuinely happy to meet her or played the part well enough that she believed it. John mostly tried to stay out of the way and prayed to god that she didn't ask any questions they couldn't answer. Perhaps ironically, Mary seemed quite fond of Sherlock, and certainly looked on him with more generosity than she had with John all morning. John couldn't help but wonder if Mary was aware of the elephant in the room, the great unspoken from behind closed doors, and the more he thought about it the more he agonized over what he would eventually have to tell Mary.
owe her some sort of good explanation or apology, but all he could think about was how wrong she felt here, how obviously out of place and off her presence was. She was never meant for Baker Street.
Sherlock reached down and grabbed his hand and felt the second pulse beating so close to his own.
“Why don't we ever go to your flat, John?”
Sherlock nodded. “So you'll have to be at least a little more careful. I can only look out for you. I can't heal you anymore.”
saying, that he was successfully reading in between the lines. Just as Felix had never once explicitly said, “I am in a relationship with James Sholto,” John had never once explicitly said, “The love of my life came back from the dead.” But neither of them had needed to.
Her grip on his hand went lax, her arm falling to the ground, her fingers slipping out of his.
I understood that I was not the only one laid bare then. The person who had always been my shield was, in that moment, more unprotected than perhaps I had ever been. How many pieces of armour had he covered himself with over the years, when I was too hidden by my own to notice?
Sherlock paused, pushing himself to his feet, the dog too attached to leave his side.
I mirrored him, my hand finding the base of his neck, and pulled him closer to me. His own hand dropped from its place, sliding to a halt on my arm. Again he said, "I'm sorry," and a few inches closer, he said only my name, but in such a way that his entire heart was in that one word. I responded in the only way I could.
"Yes, well good thing we haven't spent the evening drinking and staring across crowded rooms like those idiots, then."
The man was still alive, but only barely, his skin clammy and his hands shaking, his eyes wide and wild and terrified. The look was familiar. The man knew damn well how this was going to end. He reached out a hand, grabbing John by the arm, panicked and insistent, leaving a bloody hand print on the dark cloth of John's jacket. But he did this to get John's attention, not John's comfort, and once John looked down at him he drew his hand away. Both of his hands held out in front of him, the man shakily twisted a ring off one of his fingers, pushing it toward John, the blood-smeared gold giving off the faintest glint in the dim light.
They would always sit in the living room, a place that felt formal and in a constant state of expectation, waiting for guests who would never come. There would always be coffee or tea, something to eat, and if it was a good day, John could even coax a laugh or smile or two from him. There had been a few times where Sholto was in bad enough shape that he had barely been able to speak, the paralyzed arm held close to his chest like a badge of shame. John thought that others might find it a difficult environment to be in without feeling inexorably sad, but instead he took a sort of comfort in both his and Sholto's sadness. It was relaxing, not having to pretend to be okay. The only other person who had ever allowed him that luxury was Sherlock.
John couldn't leave, of course. In fact, it took all his self-control not to go back to the OR himself and scrub in. But Lestrade kept him safely in a corner of the waiting room while he paced, rubbing his hands over his face, specks of dried blood brushing off his skin as he did. There wasn't really a reason for Lestrade to stay, he knew. He probably had work to do on Mary's arrest. But he was staying for John's sake, since the person who usually hung around when John needed someone there was currently laid out on an operating table.
At this rate, there was no telling what he was liable to say if he dared to open his mouth again.
Of course, there were still days made up of darkness and fear, days where he couldn't sleep because the painting would haunt him, but they grew fewer with each passing week. Besides, even people who had been through nothing but the trials of an average human life had dark days where all their demons caught up with them.
“Except people who are unfazed by everything, like you and your family.”
“I do not lend myself to sentiment, Miss Adler.”
“One hand is safe, one hand is not.”
“Well, that seems rather clear-cut to me.”
“Try to avoid calculating my potential skill as a serial killer over the breakfast table.”
"Have my doctors been by?"
Head should always rule the heart, but that is easier said than done when your heart is strapped to a bomb with the taunting sights of sniper rifles dancing across his chest.
“I am a constant surprise.”
Sherlock seemed to prickle slightly at her words. “A harder sell?”
"What, not friends?"
He shook his head, bending down and letting the cold water flood into the canister. The river didn't look dangerous. He was still having trouble imaging how Kitty had drowned in it. But Sherlock was rarely wrong about these sorts of things, so he still made sure to pay closer attention to the wet rock around the river than he had previously.
Those early morning hours crept up on him without him noticing, the gray time that used to make him feel so terrible and paralyzed and alone. But this time, the hours made him feel the same way one feels when wrapped up in warm blankets on rainy evenings.
Sherlock grumbled in response. He had been thinking. The violin had been a necessity since his line of thought wasn't one he could share with John. Even if he could only pluck at the strings with his fingers to keep from waking John up, it was better than nothing. His patience for the cold cases had all but vanished. He picked up his bow from the table and started dragging it over the strings now that there was no chance of disturbing John. He didn't especially care if he disturbed anyone else. He played a few bars of music.
what you were doing this whole time. I find it difficult to believe that you hadn't deduced that I'd split with Cathy."
“Fine! I'm going into the army, all right?”
“Yes. It's based on an old play.”
The next morning, I reached for long sleeves again.
So when John came home to Baker Street, he was thrilled to find the flat empty.
As he walked through the trees, a woman broke out from the woods. She had been running, and fast, and tripped, falling to the ground in front of Sherlock. He pulled his knife out on instinct, holding it out in front of him. The woman looked up, panting and horrified, her eyes flitting to the knife and then to his face. She was the girl from District 8, the one John had always looked at so sympathetically. Molly.
“And everyone called him crazy for being friends with me.”
Sholto sat forward some in his seat, catching the opportunity to direct the conversation away from himself. “Yeah? Still going to all your art openings?” He grinned. John's artistic inclinations since returning from Afghanistan had always amused Sholto.
Once inside, he leaned against the closed door of his bedroom with the book open to the page and read:
“You aren't limping as much today as you were yesterday.”
“Jesus,” was all he said.
“Since when do you have an assistant?” the woman asked, a smirk on her face.
“I'm supposed to put people back together. I'm not supposed to hurt them. I'm a healer, not a murderer.”
When the song ended, Sherlock set the bow and violin down and turned around trying to act as if John wasn't watching him.
“But it all worked out in the end.”
“It's nothing. I knew him when I was still at university.”
“How have you been managing?” His voice was so much smaller out here than it was in the Capitol, back when his biggest concerns had been antagonizing Mycroft and entertaining the masses.
“Sherlock, I'll gladly take all three of us with the push of a button, us and this whole building. Do I really strike you as the type with a strong sense of self-preservation?” He walked inside, leaving the French doors open to the night air, the lights and distant sounds of people in the streets so deceptive in their apparent safety. “Besides, everyone has a pressure point. Did you honestly think I didn't know yours? How else will I make you listen?”
“No, it isn't. I want you to know I won't turn on you.”
John eyed him skeptically. He had watched him manhandle all sorts of delicate plants since he'd met him.
“You're saying these things because you're irritated and tense. You know they aren't rational.”
“You're smart and attractive, and you still manage to draw in people like the boring education major. Attributes are no guarantee of a suitable partner.”
. I couldn't even go back to Baker Street for the longest time. You know why I finally went back? Because it was better than waking up somewhere else, because memories are all you left behind for us. I couldn't cut those out, too. So instead I wake up every day and see that goddamn skull on the mantelpiece. I go to work, I do what I'm supposed to, I go see Mike for drinks or dinner like a friend should, but it's all this
“Why did you do that?” He looked up at John, practically boiling over with self-loathing. “John, why? I believed you were more intelligent than that. Risky. Stupid.”
“John, I didn't exist in pre-Rome living. I still haven't even met this man.”
“No,” John said, cutting him off. Sherlock frowned a little and moved to take a step, and John laid a hand on his chest and said, “Sit down, Sherlock.”
“Emotional commitment. Being able to actually stand being around someone for long periods of time. Just having someone there at the end of the day. Why?”
“How much reading up have you been doing exactly?”
“No, dear. It wouldn't be fair to you two if we did that. Neither of you have the hearts of coal miners, do you?”
“Nothing I intend on discussing with you.”
“Be careful.”
“What the hell do you expect me to say to that, Sherlock?”
“John Watson?”
But it was a bad idea, he told himself. There was no sense in thinking about these things after the two of them had been so stupid. There had been chances. So many chances. And they had missed all of them.
“I caught them in a rather compromising position.”
“Do you hate not knowing as much as I do?”
They walked together through the terminal, Sherlock with his hands in his coat pockets, laughing at something John had said. When John stopped to go his own way to board his next flight, Sherlock paused beside him.
Walking home to Baker Street, talking about the Genie case – a wonderfully esoteric point of commonality – Sherlock was half-distracted the entire conversation. The world was slightly blurry from the wine, and even with John so close that they brushed against each other, he was still convinced that things would change rapidly and it would all be a joke at his expense.
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but paused. In his head was a string of words, admissions that he probably shouldn't make for the sake of his own dignity.
"You really should go to the hospital, Sherlock."
John's face wasn't so much an expression of surprise as it was
Thankfully it didn't matter that Sherlock didn't know what to say; John did. But then, novelists know more about dialogue than poets.
“You said I was like a lost dog.”
“I know. I saw her in the sky last night. But it isn't as if she is the first person to die here, John.”
"Part of the work, John."
“Why mine?” John picked up another threatening looking kitchen object before shaking his head and setting it down.
“What did she want? Mary, I mean? All I gathered was that she had some connection to Moriarty.”
"You kill me, you know that, Sherlock? You've been dead for years and I am
Sherlock was grateful when he saw the slow even breathing that told him John was asleep again. He sighed in relief. It was getting harder to remain detached in all this. He was glad John couldn't see his face. He couldn't guarantee that his eyes wouldn't betray him. He was supposed to be a sociopath, not someone who practically moved into a hospital room to keep someone from having to wake up alone.
coming.”
“Why does everybody always quote
"You said it was due to me."
“What are you humming?” His voice was tense, all of him still on edge from one too many ill-timed revelations.
instead, when there was adventure and heartache and redemption and art come to life and all his wildest dreams realized at last in reality.
"Christmas already?"
Mycroft was inside, calm as ever, and John despised him for his calm. No one should be unfazed when their brother was dead in the square, surrounded by gawking bystanders and indifferent police. John tried to swing at him, thought he deserved to land at least one punch, but the men held him down, and all he could do was scream.
“It broke me. Watching the person you love die is painful. Look what even the threat of it did to you. But I think it's safe to say I'm all right now. At least I know that I'm not insane, that I wasn't making all this up.” He smiled.
“No, don't be obvious. I mean, I'm gonna kill you anyway. No. I'm gonna
He huffed out a sigh, wrapping his arms around himself. It always seemed colder in here, like Cairns and her cronies were trying to simulate not just the views of space but the unforgiving climate as well. But the planetarium drew in thousands of people every week. Surely there was an explanation.
John glanced up at the man. He had shifted in the chair, sitting on its edge, watching John closely. John almost ignored him, but the look of confusion on the man's face was so earnest that it made him pause.
“For once, I'm afraid I don't know.”
John pushed the thought away.
“Relationship to the patient?”
“I know.”
Sherlock carefully got out of bed, doing everything he could to not wake John. He gathered his own clothes and dressed before quietly opening his bedroom door and stepping outside.
Outside of that, it is only a matter of discovering if we have found ourselves in comedies or tragedies.
The crowd shifted enough to open up a line of sight, and Sherlock glanced up the slightest bit to see who sat at the table up front answering questions. An unassuming, down-to-earth looking blond man, who Sherlock finally recognized from seemingly endless dust jacket photos and displays in Waterstones.
Instead, he ran a hand over it, thinking only of John and Michelangelo: “I saw the angel in the marble and carved until I set him free.”
“Hello, John. Yes of course it is.”
“I remember when it was first released. The style was relatively new at the time, and the critics latched on to it as a commentary on how we view relationships, and the colder of them believed it was a confirmation that it was all foolish and hopeless, to believe the kind of love you read about in older poems. But I never really saw it that way, myself.”
friend? Which is fine, by the way.”
John fell silent, his hand falling back to the railing, fingers tapping the stone. “Thank you for coming.”
“Do people actually still wear these hideous things?”
Just as he was thinking it, the man looked up and saw him watching. John watched the recognition come across Sherlock's face, a split second of interest before the other man spoke, drawing what looked like a scathing remark from Sherlock. John grinned, glancing down at the tablecloth.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at him skeptically for a moment, but finally extended a hand. “Deal.”
Sherlock regarded him carefully, and they sat in silence for a while. Sherlock was the one to break it.
“Find a job. Get a flat. Try to appear normal, though I know how difficult that is for you,” he said with a sneer.
“You said Harry was your sister. The inscription led me to believe Clara was a brother's past romantic attachment.”
“I don't care about stars and planets. Unnecessary information. No need to waste my time on it.” John let his hand fall and smiled at him, laughing a little under his breath. “What?” He shook his head. “It's just space.”
In less than twenty-four hours all the major news networks went from singing Sherlock's praises to unearthing all sorts of “evidence” that he was, in fact, the person responsible for the threats and bombings. That Moriarty was a front, that this was all some grand scheme for fortune and glory. Everything, every innocuous detail of Sherlock's life was suddenly available to the public, and skewed in such a way that their lies didn't sound all that farfetched.
“Of course.”
Was the second person one of Moriarty's? Had that always been the case?
“Jesus Christ. You know, so many people have told me that you weren't human, and I never wanted to believe them, but this thing where you compartmentalize your entire life? You can't keep doing that, and you can't keep pretending that you're fine without other people. You have friends and family, and yet you still pull this aloof crap, and sometimes I think it's a miracle that people stay.”
“Sometimes. But it didn't matter. I never quite fit in, no matter where we would go, so it was no great pain for me to leave place after place. It's not like I was leaving any friends behind.” The comment stung John even though Sherlock said it as if it were a painless memory. “I don't think Mycroft minded either. He had a superiority complex no matter where we were.”
John stared at the closed door for a minute, considering going back to sleep. But Sherlock would just keep pestering him till he got up. So he stood and went to open the door. Sherlock was standing on the other side, hands in the pockets of his dressing gown.
“John, was it? That's rather pedestrian.”
Sherlock burst through the door as he always did, never considering that someone might want things quieter. John watched in silence as he went through his usual steps – gloves, scarf, coat – his irritation vanishing almost instantly. As much as he liked the idea of an empty flat, the simple fact of the matter was that Sherlock made everything feel so much more alive.
"John?" Sherlock was still mostly asleep.
“It's for the best.”
“You're thinking too hard again,” a voice said from a few feet away. John looked up and saw Mary smiling down at him, bow slung over her shoulder. Mary was a strong, athletic woman, blonde and tan, usually wearing a smirk. She had a fiery personality, and John always thought that her enthusiasm was her way of coping. He also believed it could potentially get her into trouble.
“And I'm sorry about him, by the way.”
“No, you're not. You always say you're fine, but you aren't. Look what the Games did to Irene. Look what the Games have done to countless people over the years. You aren't immune to it any more than I am. You're pretending you are. And Sherlock, you can't survive like that. You can't keep pretending everything is fine.”
“Do you think you know me better than I do?”
” A pause, the result of knowing the context for certain poet's works. “A.E. Housman.” Sherlock knew far too much about Housman to be removed, and he hoped John didn't see the changes in his face upon hearing that line.
John heard the clink of the bottle as it hit the counter.
He and Molly were gone too quickly to tell, but John almost believed the man recognized him. He could feel his heart pounding, his body paralyzed with fear. It took three tries for Sherlock to get his attention.
, John!”
“Oh. Yeah, I work with this sort of freelance detective. Sherlock Holmes. We're usually on at least one case, murders and things like that.”
"Well, to be fair, the person who usually does the shopping is on holiday."
“Maybe. I think he'd rather focus on that than the alternative.”
“If this is the man behind these bombings, then we've gotten into something bigger than we planned, Sherlock. I mean, Christ, he's been committing murders since he was
He spent the day in her hiding place, feeling more and more like himself the more rest he got. It struck him how incredibly lucky he was that he was given a chance to recover at all. And Molly did whatever she could to help, even if most of the time that was just hanging around to talk, usually in quiet voices just in case there were other tributes nearby.
“Of course. For the best, really. You were terrible for each other. Wouldn't have lasted anyway.”
“Accessible. I don't know what I'll be able to find in this wide place in the road.”
“It was, Sherlock.”
“You...you told me once...that you weren't a hero. Um, there were times I didn't even think you were human.” John gave a shuddering breath. He touched the granite and all he could feel was the memory of the skin of Sherlock's wrist, and the absent pulse that had told him his angel's wings had broken.
“What does it look like I'm doing?”
He wasn't dressed in his casual clothes, wasn't wearing his Bart's smile, but there were the same brown eyes, the same wiry look, all wrapped up in an elegant suit. He had sunglasses held between his fingers and a look of superiority and disdain on his face. Either the bystander had a doppelganger or was a skilled actor.
Sherlock unceremoniously tipped the beaker over, the Queen Anne's lace and the dead mouse falling onto the table. Without a word, he pulled his gloves on and repeated the process, this time with the lilacs, and again with the foxglove. Every time, the mouse would die. When Sherlock moved to collect some of the blooms from the cut flowers on the table – oleander, Sherlock called them – John stopped him. “Okay, you've made your point.” Sherlock left the flowers alone, lifting the crate from the table and replacing it in its nest of brambles. “But why?”
"Tonight, all of the kids are going to be coming by, trick or treating. It's an American custom that caught on. They go house to house for sweets."
He saw her face a thousand times that night.
“Yes.”
Still, though, no matter how many long evenings of talk and companionship they had, Sherlock never explained the strange phenomenon of the gardens, and anytime John would ask, he would act as if he hadn't heard him. He only ever referred to it as an experiment, and it was true that he seemed to treat the gardens with a scientific detachment rather than anything resembling proper care. He would often let plants go without water just to see how long they could survive; others he would drown. There were some that he cared for with devotion, but which plants received this care changed mostly without warning or reason. Some he just left to their own devices, like the ivy and the wisteria.
“Why are you writing a waltz?”
Sherlock returned home after dealing with the Irene Adler situation. It was a load off his mind to be done with the whole affair. While she had made for an interesting opponent, there was always a level of smug satisfaction that came with winning the game.
“Either way. It was...” He stopped, trying to find a word that suited him in his no doubt massive vocabulary. He smirked, and before he turned to walk off, he said, “Impressive.”
Thankfully, light was something John Watson had plenty of. Over the years he'd grown to hate dim rooms and kept his flat flooded with brightness from all sorts of lamps. When he had first come back from Afghanistan, he had gone so far as to even sleep with lights on, when he slept at all. And somewhere along the line, he'd never quite gotten fond of darkness again. So he shut the curtains to block out the blackness beyond his windows and sat down on his sofa. For a moment he just stared at his bag sitting on the table in front of him. But finally he couldn't still himself any longer.
One night when he was feeling particularly masochistic, he sat up in his room alone, and propped the Vermeer against the wall. Now and then he would think there really was no sense in keeping it hidden away anymore. He could hang it on his bedroom wall and no one would ever see it. Mrs. Hudson never came up to his room. The only one who ever had was Sherlock, and that wasn't an issue anymore, was it?
John wanted to be swallowed up.
John sat on a fallen tree turning the gun over in his hands. It was his prized possession, passed down to him by his father. When he was very little, John had asked why healers would need guns, and his father hadn't answered. John had seen the extra years etched into his face, not understanding. Now he knew. Sometimes there was nothing left you could do for someone except end their pain as quickly as possible. Bullets were hard to come by, so it was always a last resort, but there had been a few times over the years where mercy called for them. He always carried it in the woods as a safety measure. He rarely used it to hunt. It was hard for him to see the pistol as an instrument for killing when for so long it had been an instrument to ease suffering for lost causes.
John didn't say what he wanted to –
Sherlock stopped playing, looking over his shoulder to find John standing behind his chair, bags on the kitchen table behind him.
After what felt like hours, the two of them were finally cleared to leave. Sherlock had given them a key piece of evidence, something that they likely would never have noticed, something that they had already overlooked by that point. John tried to be happy, to be proud that Sherlock spent part of his time helping solve serious crimes with the police, but what would have ordinarily been a happy occasion – solving any case was always cause for celebration – was overshadowed by the threat to John's anonymity.
, like, I don't know,
Outside, they heard the sound of the ambulance doors slamming shut, of the siren cutting on and tearing through the otherwise silent street. John cast one look at Mary and turned to Lestrade, saying in little more than a hoarse growl, “Keep me away from her or I
"I swear, John. You should never be on pain medication. You've a normal person's mind, slow enough as it is, and drugs seem to slow it down to a downright glacial pace."
What if all the people he had seen at the gallery were dead now? What if he was the only survivor from their room?
"They had never really stood a chance.  Even if you spent your whole life in your district, never reaped, and even rarer, never starving, you still never really stood a chance."
“Have you considered the special commission?”
“I wouldn't say you're lost anymore, would you?”
“The tour for
“So, what? Just try to do the best we can?”
“It's uncovered,” Sherlock said. “Always has been. Probably always will be.”
“Because you needs clothes besides those.”
John raced to her side, falling to the ground beside her, his gun dropping to the dirt. This wasn't a slow bleed. At least one artery had been hit. There were so many open tears, so many wounds. Molly's breathing was rapid as she stared up at him, unable to speak. The blood was even in her hair, and, dammit, he was so sick of blood.
“Yeah.”
"After all this, he got away." John huffed out a sigh.
“Go ahead upstairs, Sherlock. I'll be there in a second.” Sherlock looked between John and Mrs. Hudson for a moment before going up to the flat.
Ella stared unrelentingly at John. He had been in her office for mere minutes, but the silence made it feel like years. He didn't know what to say to her. She was convinced he was one of hundreds of traumatized soldiers, and that with enough talking and therapy, he would be healed. But it wasn't as simple as that. She couldn't understand. She wasn't there.
Then he heard his own voice, strangled and unsure. Cannons deafened him, and he sank to the ground, hands over his ears. And then he heard his own words parroted back to him, grating, echoing like the screeches of birds through the forest:
“It's fine. Sometimes we have to look out for each other. Even in the arena. We're still human, after all.”
“We're drunk,” John said.
“You said so yourself. In your interview. You're a healer. It's not in your nature.”
He spent a while after that in his room, feeling rather paralyzed and incredibly foolish, all under the lie of looking for a piece of sheet music. Said piece didn't exist, but John didn't know that. Sherlock couldn't manage to be in the same room with him, not right now.
John practiced with as many different weapons as possible. He had plenty of survival skills and knew how to hunt animals, but he felt it wasn't enough. There was no telling what he would have access to in the arena. He couldn't just hope he had a weapon that he was proficient with.
JW: Not as much as you'd think.
John stood across the room by the fireplace, a glass of whiskey in his hand. “Are you going to that New Year's party again this year?”
“I wasn't sure what else to do.”
“How have you been?”
For the first time, neither of them could stop to be in awe at Rome, at the wonders they ran past without a second glance. Rome became a backdrop, a series of side streets to hide in, police sirens echoing off the stone fronts of buildings, twirling lights glimpsed in nanoseconds before hairpin turns sent them down a safer street.
John laughed. "No. I can't imagine there being a woman who would understand. And I can't blame them, I suppose. But it's not your fault."
"Nothing! Nothing is wrong!" Suddenly my vision cleared, and I saw a very shocked and terrified Victor across from me. I had slammed my hands down on the table and could feel a cold sweat breaking out across my forehead. The few surrounding tables of people had stopped eating and drinking and were staring at me.
KR: Don't judge the author by the book, like don't judge the book by its cover?
John opened his eyes and stared blankly at the ceiling of his hospital room. His shoulder throbbed still, but it had been a couple of days since the attack, and given the circumstances, John thought he was healing well enough. He had an ache in his leg he couldn't explain. Perhaps from when he'd fallen after being shot?
“What makes you think I have the damn thing? It's more likely that it got destroyed.”
“Sherlock, what did I tell you about lying low?”
"He said that the call was his note." John could hear how shaky his voice was, but he didn't care. His therapist would almost certainly diagnose him with post traumatic stress this time, he thought.
“You would lose your money. Besides, it's highly unlikely we'll see each other after parting ways later tonight. It isn't as if we run in similar crowds.”
Another noise came from the forest, but louder than all the times before. It didn't stop, but became a continuous crashing sound, growing closer and closer. John rose to his feet, leveling the gun in the direction of the noise.
Sherlock walked calmly – at least, he hoped it was calmly – to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He leaned against it, laptop still tucked under his arm, staring off into space.
“Not much, given that you seem to hardly exist despite being so visible. I've learned more from these conversations tonight than in all my efforts to find information online.”
“I didn't know who else to call. I want as few people to know about this as possible. Just talk to him, tell me if you think he's delusional.”
Sherlock dropped the berries to the ground, watching them roll to a stop below him. The old man had fallen from his seat, his body slumped on the ground with the tributes he'd killed. A fitting end.
“And is that what you are? A
Sherlock didn't even look up from his microscope.
“It's nothing.”
Now and then there would be a noise, rustling in the leaves or a twig breaking, and it would set them off a bit, even though it always turned out to be something innocuous.
John opened his mouth to speak, and Mycroft cut him off, turning to Sherlock. “John decided to open fire on the judges.”
“That's not why we're going. We're meeting a friend of mine. So do me a favor, yeah? Wear that coat of yours, and keep it shut.”
I stood to leave, and he grabbed a hold of my bare forearm, nails digging into my skin. "You still haven't given me an answer." I could feel the bruises forming under his grip.
John was walking home, wishing he'd swallowed his pride and taken a cab, and thinking much too seriously about the gun in his desk drawer, when a voice drew him out of his thoughts.
And even though he was looking away when it happened, he could feel the second John finally looked up from the book, staring at him in silence. Sherlock let his line of sight dart around even though John's never faltered. He wasn't invisible here this time, no. He was transparent.
John stopped a few feet away from him, growing serious all of a sudden. “The speech.” He paused, visibly debating what else to say, like he'd expected Sherlock to fill in the blanks for him like he usually did. “It was very good.” Sherlock shrugged. “No, seriously. I don't know what I was expecting, but it wasn't that.”
"Let's not play games, Mr. Holmes. Quit pretending I don't know. After all, I
It was only Sherlock's voice that finally brought him back to earth.
"Who?"
His name sounded so soft in Sherlock's voice. It was a simple name, common and unobtrusive, but Sherlock made it sound miraculous. But didn't he always have that effect? Didn't he always somehow manage to transform the ordinary into the extraordinary? All it took was Sherlock Holmes to make the black and white become technicolor.
The party was larger than the year before, and John was absolutely miserable.
(See the end of the chapter for
“But it didn't. Moriarty knew that. I know that. And you know that.” John's phone buzzed with an incoming text on the table beside his chair. Both of their eyes went to it, and when John met Mary's gaze again, she was smiling. “But does
When he rounded a section of rocks, he saw the body on the ground. He let his hand fall to his side, his stomach suddenly lead.
“When Harry was eighteen, she staged a coming out because she wanted to openly date Clara. Neither of our parents had known about Clara, and she'd only told me one night, late, after she'd come home drunk from a party. She was already quite the drinker by eighteen. But Harry invited me down to the living room too, to keep up the pretense. It didn't go well. It ended up being this huge fight, and all I could do was sit there and not say anything, because I didn't want them to be angry with me too, for keeping it a secret as long as I had. She made the mistake of telling our mother late in the evening, when she'd already gone through a lot of whiskey – that's probably where Harry got the habit – and when Harry put her foot in her mouth, like always, our mother threw her glass at her. It missed, didn't hit her or anything, but the glass shattered behind her when it hit the wall, and she screamed because she was so surprised. I wanted to intervene, but I didn't know what to do. It wasn't long after that that she kicked Harry out entirely. I remember the look Harry gave me, when she turned to leave. She looked like I had betrayed her by not saying anything, not standing up for her. That's why Harry was in such bad shape when she split up with Clara. When she was kicked out, the two of them moved in together, and they were very happy for a long time. Harry made it a point to let our mother know how happy they were. So when they split, she felt like it was something she couldn't stop from happening, because our mother had told her that there was no way something like her and Clara could last.”
“It was on my way home.” She stared at him like he was an idiot, and maybe he was, but he knew that had he gone home, slept on it, that in the morning he wouldn't have the nerve, and would be repeating the same patterns indefinitely. “Look, Mary, I've been thinking a lot the last few days.”
“They'll drive us out. You know that.”
“So, where's our mentor, then? I thought you said she was coming?” John asked.
He was about to speak when Molly set down her things and stepped away from the bench. John almost wanted to chase her down, to grab her by the wrist and ask her to elaborate, to make some sort of sense out of her own remark. But she was gone too quickly, the door swinging shut behind her.
His home was out far enough from the city that it was not part of the typical cramped terraced homes in the middle of town. This had come in handy a number of times, as it was set apart from the others enough that the neighbors had not had to endure the bulk of the Watson family's shouting matches. But it was also where his hatred of this quiet country stemmed from. Because if no one hears it, did it happen? All the other residents of this city went through life aware of each other, aware of their presences and their effects. But the Watsons had always been removed enough that it felt like their actions, their words, had no impact on anyone. No one ever called the police when they were fighting. No one ever heard the slamming doors and scream of car tires on gravel. Their privacy had made their dysfunction as preserved as a museum piece. And he was so sure that was still the case, all these years later.
John scoffed, smiling a little. He stared at the ground for a minute and said quietly, “Fine. What are binary stars, anyway?” John had once told Sherlock that oftentimes, when people asked a question, they were actually asking something else entirely. Sherlock had a feeling this was one of those times.
. I could see the unhappiness in his eyes. Part of him had hoped that I would show up and still be the awkward and lonely boy I had been when he knew me.
“One of these days I'm going to tell your brother to go to hell.”
“Preposterous.”
"I know it was because of me. It always is. The women, they all get annoyed with how you're always on a case with me instead of getting a nice stable job at a clinic somewhere. It always poisons them against you."
Too little, too late.
Granted, that was easier said than done.
“Look, I don't need this, not from you. What's done is done. They could have just killed one of us if that's what they wanted so badly.”
When Mary opened her door, the first words out of his mouth were, “We need to talk.”
“Apparently it
“What beat it?” John didn't answer. He stalled, taking a drink. Every time he tried to speak, he failed. Words were easier here, but some were still poison in his mouth. “You don't have to answer, you know.” John was almost startled by the comment, partially due to his own temporary journey into his own thoughts, partially because Sherlock was usually so dogged when pursuing answers to things he wanted to know.
John was struck silent, brow furrowed in pure bewilderment.
“How does an army doctor become a novelist?”
spending another Christmas alone," he said through his teeth. "And I am not allowing some government nonsense to get in my way. Especially given that I was the one who spent all these years cleaning up
No, it took the entrance of a psychopath to make me realise it.
John had signed three more books for grinning fans before he noticed the book sitting on the edge of the table. None of the people at the signing seemed to see it, and for a moment John wondered if he was imagining it, hallucinating. But the reality was simply that the people in line were blind to everything but him.
“Sorry?”
Sherlock shifted in the trees, trying to get a better vantage point. From his angle, he could just make out the dark form of a shadow sitting against the cliff on a ledge above the other tributes. After a moment, the shadow shifted, moving closer to the edge, scoping out the tributes just as Sherlock had. And in a second of illumination where the figure was not thrown entirely into blackness, Sherlock got a quick look at his face. Had it been anyone else, he wouldn't have gleaned anything from that brief moment of sight. The man sat back against the cliff wall, thrown back into hiding.
A second man emerged from the office behind him, dressed in a chef's clothes. He rolled his eyes endearingly at the man at the desk, saying, “But you,
And then he heard footsteps on the stairs.
John would tell him to stay out of it. But John wouldn't be home for a few more hours.
How many days did everyone spend just surviving, instead of living?
in the middle of this, are you insane?” The wild look on Sherlock's face almost made John wonder if maybe he was.
He finally saw Sherlock sitting in a chair across the room, watching John with quiet but marked fascination. He only looked away when the announcer began reading the scores.
“Shut up.”
“Well,” she said, grinning, “why don't we just ask him?”
After nearly three solid days in Sherlock's hospital room, John finally went home to Baker Street for a while, although he required much persuading. But it was true that there was something comforting about returning to Baker Street in all its stillness and familiarity. It was early in the morning, just past those gray hours, and John had never been so happy to feel the turn of the lock in his front door.
John could hardly argue with that logic, and since Sherlock was already heading down the stairs, he thought it best to follow.
He ran his fingers over the white staring eyes and watched the deep blue creep into them. He smiled. They were now how he had envisioned them. They were never meant for white. Sherlock held the face of the statue between his hands, and after a long deliberation, most of which centered around what a downward spiral he was in, he brought his lips to the statue's in a reverent kiss. The color spread across the statue's entire face, a flush. There was no denying the lips were warmer and softer than stone. He almost thought he felt them form a smile.
Sherlock had spent so long believing that people couldn't be friends, and here he was, suffering through this social nightmare for people he called friends. Or at least, people who called
“This is not the route to Baker Street.”
John stared blankly at him for a moment before turning the television on, quickly muting it. He began clicking through the different channels. Sherlock watched in amazement. Finally, John stopped on a documentary about bees. He turned the volume on low. “Look, see?” He drew Sherlock's attention to the buttons on the remote. “This lets you go between channels, and
Sherlock scoffed. “It's stupid. Childish.” He paused. “Do you know what they say about animals? How they know when humans are hurting?”
John was a healer, but there were limits to those skills. He couldn't heal Sherlock, and he couldn't heal himself. Things would never be all right, not really. These nights wouldn't last forever. Eventually, they would have to be public figures again, over and over for the rest of their lives. But at least they wouldn't have to face it all alone.
The stars continued to blink out of existence above them.
, calm down, Jesus, I'm okay.” Even as he said it though, a voice in the back of his mind brought forth every possible bad outcome, every concern. These rooms had been their home away from home. You should always feel safe in your own home. And if he found it so simple to get to them here, what if he one day was waiting for them in Baker Street, tucked into a corner like a spider?
John rubbed his hands over his face, leaning forward in his seat to rest his elbows on his knees. “Christ, don't be happy for me, I'm fucking miserable.”
“Sorry.”
Sherlock sighed, wondering how much trouble it would be to replace his phone. He couldn't very well go up to the roof and get it. The police would wonder where it had gone. It seemed a terribly petty thing to worry about, but Sherlock found when he thought of all he still had to do, he felt miserably overwhelmed. All he
"Because, when I last saw her in person, she said that even though I helped save her that if I was ever in a situation where it was her or you, that I would choose you without hesitation. She wasn't offended by it, just stating a fact. In fact, she accurately stated that I would choose you over anyone. It would appear the women in our lives are more observant than we are."
And he kissed me.
“I wouldn't.” It wasn't a lie.
Calls kept coming in on Sherlock's phone. When Lestrade called, asking what the hell was going on, Sherlock only hung up, telling John that the news was reaching England. Sherlock refused to take any calls that weren't from Mycroft, and those he always took in another room.
A mischievous light seemed to turn on behind Sherlock's eyes, and a smile spread across his face. He brushed his lips against John's cheek, and said in a low whisper. "Well,
Sherlock stared as the blue orb slowly grew and burst, in slow-motion, without the addition of the audio track, and suddenly the planetarium felt cold.
So the kiss shouldn't have come as such a surprise. But these things always did come as surprises to Sherlock. He found his back against the bookcase, one of John's hands on his neck, the other still holding the book, his arm resting on Sherlock's shoulder.
let you get killed because of this madman.”
Inside was a canister similar to the one Irene had sent the water in, but this one was filled with a cream. The note read: “Wouldn't want to scar up that pretty face, would we? IA.” Sherlock gave a halfhearted smirk as he went back inside.
“Well, all that aside, I'm glad.”
Had John been standing that close at first? Had he moved and Sherlock hadn't noticed? He certainly seemed awfully close.
His father looked at him stoically, his eyes then falling to the book on the table, which John had not been quick enough to remove.
She let her hand fall. “I saw the last of the children on the list of dead last night. I don't know whether to be grateful or sad.”
part they cared about.
They broke through the treeline, running without thought for the stretch of wide, shallow river in the middle of the clearing, the water splashing around their feet. Sherlock almost kept going, but when John stopped, he did too, holding his knife out in front of him, knowing it would do little good against a beast like this.
“It's not about whether or not I find this nonsense beautiful. I don't care about that. I care about why normal people adore it. I want to know why people have been dedicating poems to the subject for centuries. I just want to understand.”
“Maybe it isn't all false. We don't know what sort of arena we'll have, or what sort of sponsors. We may still have a chance.”
“I can believe that.”
The three of them shared glances, Mycroft giving a beleaguered raise of his eyebrows.
Sherlock grabbed him by his shoulders, holding him still. But he said nothing. John was waiting for the retort, some sarcastic remark, but Sherlock remained silent, holding eye contact. In the ensuing silence, it was harder to keep up the anger, and John felt something in him fade. His breathing was still far too fast, but it was beginning to slow some. Sherlock's face stayed mostly blank, but John could see the smallest crinkle of worry around his eyes, which smoothed the more John calmed down. He was nearly himself again, Sherlock's grip on his shoulders loosening, when they heard the beeping.
“Maybe not.”
Sherlock knew what loving someone felt like; that was never the issue. It came up more than once in
“Normally, I wouldn't bother you with this,” he said as he walked Sherlock and John over to the body. “But honest to God, we just don't have the time to devote to it. We're way too busy.”
Incredible and real.
KR: Does it feel like being haunted, like in
“No, I didn't.”
John smiled. “Goodbye, Sherlock.”
People like to think that they will grow out of these childish practices, that one day they will find a gesture that represents genuine love.
I acquired my first piece of armour when I was at university. I was studying chemistry, for lack of a better option. Mycroft had insisted I go, though I saw no point in it. No degree would affect my intelligence.
When Sherlock looked up at him, he smiled, such a loving turn of expression that John could never understand how anyone ever believed that Sherlock was anything but human. Perfectly, beautifully human.
Sherlock care about it? He would likely call it a broken relic. And that may have been true, but it was still beautiful, bathed in light, staring down at the city.
“I'm fine. Just tired.”
I was standing over the body, closely inspecting a series of suspicious gashes along its torso when I saw her out of the corner of my eye, watching me from across the room. Lestrade was trying to talk to her, to explain who I was, but she was mostly ignoring him.
Sherlock looked the man in the eyes, almost confused at what he saw there. While he was openly affable, Sherlock could see past that into just how miserable he was. He was polite, but he was crumbling inside. Fascinating.
If he was being honest with himself, it wasn't going well. But he had actively avoided being honest with himself for weeks.
She nodded. “They were taking the first one away when I got there.”
Sherlock would never do anything to jeopardize the only home he'd ever had.
“No. He wasn't.” John couldn't keep the smile off his face. “He literally came back from the dead.”
“Of course most of the Careers are dead, so the competition is blessedly –” John had stopped in his place and was staring at something on the ground. “John?”
“Every time I suggest it you say no.”
* * *
“Strange
John whirled around to face the man walking toward him. Tall, elegant, and dark-haired, and holding a pair of black gloves in his hand as if he'd just removed them.
And so it began, the distancing. Sherlock had prepared for this so many times he was able to remain numb. This was how it always started, he found, a casual rescheduling, a last minute cop-out. Family matters? Sherlock had hoped he would have come up with a better story.
“What?”
She said nothing back to that. He rolled over and glanced at the analog alarm clock on the bedside table. It was eleven at night. Noon felt practically five minutes away. Five minutes until he had to see his father. Ten until he had to see Harry.
“Quit being recalcitrant. Now, what did you say to him?”
A few minutes later, I felt a hand on my arm. "Sherlock?" Victor had a look on his face that mice usually reserve for cats.
But they ate on the living room balcony, which John instantly decided should always be surrounded by nighttime. It created a view like a wide shot in a movie. Their previous hotel had been tucked between buildings so that all that was visible from that balcony was the square outside the hotel. But this hotel was set up on a bit of a hill, and the result was a view of the city at night, brights lights, glass and metal buildings lit like jewel boxes and ancient ruins illuminated by floodlights as they watched over the sleeping city. Current events and history all in one. There were many cities known for their nightlife and although Rome wasn't one of them, its night had its own special sort of charm, a sort of unapologetic romanticism of endurance and longevity. Instead of wild forests of neon and dance music, the city appeared to be something more reverent, more glittering.
“Are you incapable of maintaining any semblance of neatness, Sherlock?”
Finally, on the fourth day, the man appeared again. Sherlock "accidentally" went down the same aisle as him, and found him staring at the bread in the same way he'd stared at the dairy. There was no one else on the aisle, and it afforded Sherlock a glimpse of who he was when no one was watching. He looked tired, and there was a slight tremor in his hand.
Instead he quietly opened the front door and stepped out onto the porch, pulling out a cigarette and lighting it. He had spent many nights here doing just this, silently walking around the porch, around the entire building, late at night, just to feel alone in a way that did not hurt. The sheep were baying in the distance, the sound of occasional insects in the fields creeping into this little outpost of civilization. He knew that if he strayed from the porch far enough that the night sky would open up above him like the world's most endless book. But tonight it felt safer under the porch lights, safer sitting on the wooden benches and walking on concrete.
“Nothing,” John said, taking a drink.
“I believe we'll be seeing a great deal of each other in the coming days, Mr. Holmes.”
“Please try to get me out of some of these.”
“I've been trying to stay out of the limelight,” he said with a tense smile. “Not really my strong suit, interviews. Just been keeping to myself.”
John couldn't begin to imagine what set of experiences would be required, what extraordinary pieces of fate would have to fit together to create a man like Sherlock Holmes. He considered saying as much, but the thought sounded like something Sherlock would be quite disdainful of.
He'd walked to this headstone so many times that he didn't even need to pay conscious attention to get there. It was just as much ingrained in his brain as the replays of the fall.
“What else? What else
“Not really the 2.5 children and house in the suburbs type, are you?”
“A teenager.”
All along that day.
He let the bottle drop to the ground as he reached for his gun.
"Of course."
“It was my best day, too.”
“What am I supposed to say to him for the next few hours? He doesn't look very chatty.”
And for a split second of a casual glance, the bystander's eyes met his.
Of course there was a logical reason behind his choice. Wasn't there always? Even if it was self-serving, Sherlock Holmes always had a reason.
He also frequently stated his warning to touch none of them. This was easier said than done. John would have loved having some Casablanca lilies of his own. They were just extraordinarily beautiful, although Sherlock seemed rather indifferent to them. But there was no way Sherlock would let him near the trees and bushes and flowers. Dangerous, he said.
She shrugged. “You suit each other. You make a good team. If any two people could have pulled off the impossible, it would be you. They wanted a good show and you provided.”
Sholto nodded, mulling it all over. He stood and crossed the room to the side table and got himself a glass, which he filled halfway before retaking his seat. When he took a drink it looked like moderation personified. He had never lost his cool on the battlefield, so he certainly wouldn't lose it now, even though John felt so wired that he thought he might snap at any second. Any calmness under pressure that he had once had was gone.
Sherlock leaned against the fence post and watched his new charge. He was a small man named John Watson, a doctor. He was well respected and liked by his fellow troops. Sherlock could see the war wearing on his face. He had seen some horrible things, no doubt. But in all honesty, Sherlock had had no cause to save John thus far. The man was perfectly capable of taking care of himself, very cautious, and there had been little action since Sherlock had arrived. He had spent most of his time avoiding his fellow angels, who kept attempting to make conversation with him during the slow days. Some of their charges had not been so lucky. Some of the men had gone into the nearest town a few days after he arrived, and only half had come back. Sherlock had watched as those angels disappeared, back to Heaven for a new assignment. They wouldn't be following their charges anymore.
“No, just one. And he's out here in this arena with both of us. See, me and him, we have an understanding. He stashes his weapons with me, I kill whoever comes along. Sure, we'll have our differences later, but for now it's a great arrangement. And he'd be thrilled to know that you'd come along.”
“Yes. It's been there for hundreds of years.”
He'd never really been clear on what Mycroft did. He'd said once that he occupied a minor position in the government, and Sherlock had quickly refuted him, saying he
“No you didn't. There was no way you could know that.”
There was no sound. Of course, realistically there was, but John had reached a point where any noise in the gallery was somehow muffled and distant.
Sherlock sighed, unable to escape the chit chat. “Chemistry,” he said sharply.
It had taken all of Sherlock's self control to not tell her very politely to go to hell.
“Wrong.”
The day of Molly and Lestrade's wedding, Mrs. Hudson set out the usual morning tea in the living room. Sherlock was waiting for the last possible moment to get dressed in the uncomfortable wedding clothes, pacing around the room, periodically stopping to fidget with things on the table or mantel. In the distance, he could hear the sound of the shower running.
The chariots came to a stop at the end of the stadium, and John finally lowered and released Sherlock's hand. Since John continued to smile, Sherlock did too. And as their fire and smoke disappeared, all the tributes and spectators craned their necks to see President Moran approach the microphone.
“You said we essentially run a business, yeah? I'm not going to abandon my partner because the case could throw life into chaos. I don't do that.”
Sherlock didn't acknowledge him, keeping his breathing slow and steady to appear asleep.
“Thank you for that, John. Really.”
At the very least, such a sojourn would prevent him, however briefly, from feeling as if he was on the verge of being left.
He hated that skull with every fiber of his being.
So if this performance could speak for him, he prayed it would. There was no way to verbally convey desperation. No way to explain who Sherlock Holmes was.
“God, so much for Christmas cheer.”
John couldn't believe the line. It was risky, reminding everyone there about what they would all be doing in a few days. But it also made John look good to the people, more so than it did Sherlock. Which begged the question of why someone so self-serving would say anything that might benefit someone who was technically his opponent.
“Honestly, John, pay attention.”
John and Sherlock stood backstage with Irene, Mycroft, and the stylists. Irene gazed longingly at a passing tray of drinks. She had finally forced herself to get dressed in real clothes and was wearing an oddly textured black dress and heels so sharp that John thought they could be used as weapons in the arena. She had on the deepest shade of red lipstick he'd ever seen and had her hair piled high up on her head. She looked like she was going to be the one paraded in front of thousands.
Sherlock sat alone in Baker Street, watching the minutes tick by on the clock. Mrs. Hudson, too tired herself to go to the party, had made multiple efforts in talking him into going. But of course he'd quite stubbornly shot that idea down. However, he didn't plan far enough to have an alternative way of spending the evening lined up. As a result, he had fallen to bouncing between things and accomplishing nothing. A few minutes at the microscope, a few at the laptop, a few at the violin. He'd even been desperate enough for a distraction that he'd turned the television on, but all that he could find were New Year's specials. He had finally just given up and shut the television off, smashing the button on the remote like it had personally offended him.
Lestrade's silence said more than any words could have.
They went back to Rome without telling anyone, without giving any warning besides a cursory explanation to Mrs. Hudson on their way out the door.
is the problem. You are all I have! I don't care what he may do to me, but I will
“You know, you should try to actually get some sleep. You can't stay awake all week.”
The waitress appeared with John's food. He muttered to himself, “Thank god.”
It had been the first line to come to mind, and he regretted it as soon as he chose it, his eyes instinctively clamping shut. He sighed to himself quietly enough that the phone would not pick it up, a chorus of
“Solving crimes. And currently my brother is inside trying to talk me into assisting him with some foreign affair.”
"Sherlock..."
"That's how it works."
“You know your front door was unlocked, right?”
“Have you heard the news? Or is it even on the news yet?”
One day, he was unable to stop the world in time.
"You know my opinions on relationships."
“I remember seeing in the news, about how he managed to survive. I couldn't believe it at first.”
It was such a mythical grand place that it seemed natural for someone like Sherlock to be here.
He walked slowly up the side alley outside the door, making his way up toward the street in front of the museum. Up ahead he could see yellow tape and the seizure-inducing flash of police lights. The crowd was back behind the tape, the area immediately around the museum cordoned off. When John reached the tape, he stepped behind it with the rest of the masses, watching the emergency vehicles and police work outside the front doors of the Hickman.
Sherlock drew his hand away from the rose quite suddenly, like he was afraid he had damaged it. He stared down at it, nearly oblivious to John's presence. For a while John thought he would ignore him as he usually did when faced with questions he didn't want to – or didn't know how to – answer. But he said, “As with everything else here, I discovered it through experimentation.” He stalked over to the counter by the flytraps, the sound of the gloves hitting the counter top loud in the small space.
And that seemed as good a cue as any.
He thought he could almost hear the sound of the bullet hitting his skull.
“You think?”
“But –”
“Just promise me one thing.”
“Not necessarily. Most of the general public has terrible tastes in books.”
“You've been?”
“I'm a slow mover, Mary.” At least that was true. He now believed it was part of why he kept Sherlock at arm's length for so long.
"Not at 221B, it isn't. No yelling." John turned and pointed an accusatory finger at his sullen flatmate.
"What was going through your head when you were composing that?" John usually didn't pay attention to Sherlock's moody compositions, but in the absence of anything else to do with his time, he'd really listened to this one, trying to hear it as someone like Sherlock might, hearing the structure. But while it was indeed structurally sound as Sherlock had said, it had too much emotion behind it to be merely constructed. And it was much longer than usual.
“That doesn't answer the original question, Doctor, but since you're so visibly uncomfortable, I'll return the floor to the others.”
, John.”
Mrs. Hudson stopped John before he left, asking if he needed anything. Jokingly, he said, “Just a violin.”
"Bad news?" John gestured to the phone on the table, which Sherlock was still glaring at.
"What happened to -"
John had been busying himself with meaningless tasks at a slow pace, clearly in no hurry to actually accomplish anything. After a while, he came and sat down next to Sherlock on the sofa, leaning his arms on his knees and following Sherlock's gaze to the storm outside the window. Sherlock's eyes flitted away from the rain, finding John a much more welcome sight. He had been quiet today, coming off of a recent end to another ill-fated relationship. But he didn't look brooding tonight, much more at peace with life. While Sherlock never mourned the end of any of John's relationships, he never did like seeing John upset. If it took a night of forced dark and quiet to help him be less upset, then Sherlock was willing to put up with a month's worth of storms.
“Landlady,” she corrected.
“Yeah, Mycroft, the older one. He's never around much anymore, except on holidays, which coincidentally is the only time of year his younger brother
He stopped, fork halfway to his mouth. “What?”
Always so cold.
that they end up missing the point. The question you
“Your beliefs don't matter anymore. You are no longer John Watson. You are a tribute.”
he was. But he never came close to an answer.
Sherlock glared at him over his paper. In the harsh light of the lamp, he looked gaunt and starved for sleep. This was usually indicative of a new and fascinating project.
A few feet away, Sherlock saw a man shake his head at the dairy, as if he were thinking the same thing.
Blessedly, John didn't follow the script Sherlock had created for him in his head. Instead he said, “Are you going to crash all my signings?”
“Even if they were trying to kill you?”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes.”
“With what?” Sherlock asked, his voice laced with disbelief. He walked to the opposite side of the body, throwing a glance at John. When his brow furrowed ever so slightly, John did what he could to correct his own expression, terrified of giving himself away.
“I've heard of stranger things. In fact, writers have often immortalized single encounters as something mystical. One event having the significance of many.” Even as he said it, he could hear how unconvincing he sounded, clearly wanting to be wrong. Could John hear it too? The expression on his face made him wonder. But he knew one thing: if a single event ever more deserved to be immortalized, it was this one. People go on and on about first sights. The reality is that it's the second meeting, the third, the fourth, whichever one turns lamplight into starlight, that actually matters.
How could he not see?
John couldn't stop the thought. He'd had it so many times since the Games started. The Capitol certainly didn't treat them like humans. No, they were just pieces on the board. Was Molly naïve, or just hopeful?
The atmosphere in Karachi was decidedly unpleasant. Hot and dry, and punctuated occasionally by distant shouting or gunfire. I focused instead on the crackle of the fire in front of me. I was intensely grateful for my plethora of mental files. Otherwise there would have been nothing to occupy my time.
“Do people in your time know Oscar Wilde?”
The first explosion nearly knocked John to his knees. He grabbed on to a tree, trying to steady himself, looking wildly around for any indication of what had happened. He saw the smoke less than twenty feet from him, some of the nearby trees fighting to not catch fire, the dead leaves below them burning.
John shut down, became a soldier again, and blindly lunged for the fire iron by the hearth and with a fierce swing brought it crashing down on Mary's skull.
“I'm sure.”
He felt anger begin to bubble back to the surface. “Excuse me?” They continued to carry on as if he wasn't there.
He had no intentions of sleeping, not while there were still so many people in the arena. It would be suicide to let his guard down. The cannons had gone off even after the cornucopia battle was over, evidence of what happened to those who lulled themselves into a false sense of security.
"I'm glad you're alive, John."
“I solemnly swear I will help you
With a roll of his eyes, he pulled into the restaurant's lot and parked, following John sullenly inside, hands in his pockets. It was a quiet little place, the kind that had homey menus and old music piped in over the speakers. There was a dinner crowd, a whole slew of what looked like terribly ordinary people.
The main room was more crowded, but still blessedly contained, people standing in groups talking quietly to each other, many people's faces wearing the light of excitement. Some stood near other paintings out of courtesy, so that everyone could see the Vermeer, but no matter where they stood, most people's lines of sight still flitted over to the newly discovered masterpiece.
“I hate this,” he said, his voice not as strong as he believed it would be.
." She gave me her usual pursed-lip smile.
Sholto paused, the analyzing expression momentarily taking John back to the front lines. It was the same look he would use as he went over mission plans. “And how is that?”
“Hardly an Adonis.”
“I need to go over a few schedules with you before we go home for the night. I'll be out of my office the rest of the week, so if you have a moment.” She glanced between the two of them, waiting to see if the man unknown to her would dare to speak. Instead Sherlock only held his hand out to John for the book, John's finger sliding out from its place as he gave it back.
“But you ended up...I'm assuming that something didn't go all right.”
John shook his head. “She thought I had something valuable to her when I didn't.” Sherlock only nodded, and John couldn't help but wonder why he didn't press for more information. Was it because he was tired or because he didn't believe John's denial? “I'm sure your brother will type up a full report on this nightmare. Especially since they got to take down a contract killer. So he'll likely be quite happy. But don't worry about any of it right now. Just worry about getting some rest and recovering.”
She sighed, her patience thinning as she crossed the room and sat down in a nearby easy chair. “You've got five minutes.”
“Only on their light fixtures,” Irene said, chuckling.
“Do you think they'll run you out eventually? Not the birds, I mean.”
“I know I am. People will believe what they want to believe, feel what they want to feel, and act how they want to act. And there's little you can do to change or stop any of it.”
“If you put me in a room with a gun that held only one bullet, and I was given the option to kill either Browning's 43
When the clock finally ticked down, John walked away as steadily as he could, despite the pain shooting through his leg. Some days it was worse than others. Today was a bad day. He was tired, alone, and miserable. He'd talked to Harry recently, and she hadn't made him feel any better. She tended to darken his mood on the best of days.
And then he paused, making himself very still. He could have sworn he'd heard...music? He frowned, trying to place it, and then heard the sound coming from under what used to be his bedroom door. He walked up to the door and listened harder, hearing a sigh and the sound of someone shifting on the mattress. Sherlock had not factored in the chance that John was still awake. In fact, the entire night had been one long instance of Sherlock's plans being ruined by unforeseen circumstances. He stood there for a while, listening to the music and trying to determine if John was actually awake, or just sleeping fitfully.
Sherlock Holmes was many things, but so many were things that other people made him out to be, when the reality was far simpler.
“Your faith in him. It's nice.” Her little smile returned as she filled the cup again, taking a drink from it herself this time. “It may sound silly, but it's nice to see something like that out here. Faith.”
“I know.”
"Remember I said that adults did a lot of things they regretted in the morning?"
“That's nice.”
“Well, I mean, he seemed happy to run into you, and that's usually how friends are.”
“Guilty as charged.”
It was an almost daily ritual, the little landlady inquiring after him. Most of the time, John didn't mind. But it had been a terrible day, and his leg was aching. He endured a few minutes of small talk before making his excuses and starting the slow walk up the stairs. It was the least he could do, since she'd given him such a good deal on the place. He would have hated to be forced to leave London.
reason he had really wanted it was so that he had something to hold over John's head, something to break him, something to create space between him and Sherlock. But Mary had genuinely wanted it for her own practical reasons, a long term career goal. John couldn't decide which was worse. Which was more morally reprehensible? Wanting to hold someone hostage or being perfectly okay with serious collateral damage?
The night of medicine had helped his shoulder a great deal, although it was still stiff. John couldn't complain about aches and pains when it could have been so much worse. The container was empty now, all of it having been used on the mine wound.
His father grinned.
It would be years later, in medical school, that John would hear the story about Genie, the girl who never developed a language, the girl who had been taught to speak in some fashion from scratch, and who had, ultimately, lost nearly all that she had learned and fallen back to silence. And while his professor rambled on about neurolinguistic development, all John could do was read the story in his textbook over and over, about the abusive father who never showed his daughter any sort of affection. And while his classmates reacted to the lecture with the appropriate scientific detachment, John could only see it as one would see a novel. This was not science. This was emotion.
Needless to say, it was not the response either of us had been expecting.
“On how long it would be before we ended up romantically involved with one another.”
"If it were Mycroft, you wouldn't have said minor. if it were Donovan or Anderson, you would have let me hear you taunt them. If it were Molly, you would have ignored her entirely. And if it were Mrs. Hudson, you would have let her in."
“I know you won't, Watson. You've certainly had plenty of opportunities.”
There rest of the house appeared to be blissfully unconscious, with the exception of one other insomniac traveler he came across on the room at the back of the building. Whoever occupied it had the curtains closed, but clearly was hell-bent on maxing out the power grid, light bleeding through the fabric onto the pavement at Sherlock's feet.
you.” He lowered the knife, keeping a firm grip on John as he held the point of the blade over John's chest. “I'll burn
The girl reached out a bloody hand and grabbed his wrist, her fingerprints smearing on John's skin. She pulled his hand closer, her fingers trying to grab hold of the metal of the gun, but the blood made it too slick. Finally her hand dropped, and tears welled up in her eyes. She choked out a few words, her voice breaking, “Make it stop. It hurts.
It was a bring the mountain to Muhammad situation, seeing Sholto. Ever since he'd come home from Afghanistan and turned into a recluse, it became increasingly difficult to even get him to walk outside in his own yard. He had hired people for anything that he needed and otherwise saw no one aside from John. But then again, John was essentially the only person left on earth who would willingly speak to him.
"I asked you to not make anyone miserable at the party tonight, and you succeeded. You don't have to pretend to care about things like my ex-" John stopped himself as soon as he realized what he had said. He gave a quick shake of his head and reclaimed the glass from Sherlock, refilling it for himself.
