“Do we know what may have occurred to prompt this?”
Frances spared a passing thought for her
The Crown Prince of Gaaldine arrived as a lean, grizzled Doctor of Laws in threadbare robes and yellowing bands. She would not have known him, but for the glance he exchanged with her brother as he entered the chapel. It had been twenty years, but some things one
“My friend, we are not wanted here,” Horatio said, divesting the serving man of his tray, clasping him by the shoulder, and propelling them both smartly back through the door, back-heeling the door shut as he went.
“Much improved, your –”
Jonathan’s face was grim. “From the wrong end of his poniard, to be accurate. You’ve stripped him of his weapons, I take it?”
Ah! There they were, the two missing bricks.
as a widower than he had as a young man, was beyond any woman’s reach now. And so was his heir –
family of daughters. Even in this backwater, scandal reached them daily, another blessing of having a regiment in the district. Gossip from the capital, hot, fresh and salty enough to make her realise how little savour there had been in her life over recent years.
The coldness of Elizabeth’s earlier reception of him and the things Lyddie confided had been said over the tea-cups once the women of the family had been alone must have made more of an impression than he’d thought.
“A most refined attendant for my sister,” Darcy observed, though his heart was not in it.
Even without allies, even with half his best troopers dispersed throughout the Borders in a futile search for the Princess, even with Fernihurst and his rabble half-way back to their home, a nascent feud already simmering between their houses, the reiver attack had come not as threat but as a desperate, unlooked for hope of salvation.
“So, then, you have four cousins on your father’s side, his grace the King being the eldest and Mr Darcy’s sister Georgiana the youngest? How does she get on? She will I collect be rising sixteen? It can be an awkward age and I don’t doubt, if she has the true Darcy spirit, she may like to have her own way.”
Lizzie shrugged. “How can I possibly know? I wasn’t there.”
She babbled, and knew she did: blame the negus and hope coming all unheralded out of blackest despair. Then her vision cleared. She took in the shorter man’s clenched, agonised silence, the odd hunch of his shoulder under his cloak, his lopsided walk.
“On the contrary, I am almost finished. At our ages, sir, a woman gives up thinking of her own beauty.”
, a couple of farms, a vineyard or so, the odd olive grove, a sawmill, a small tannery –”
“Priests always say that. It’s a pretty safe bet, especially if you was kneeling before a statue of the Virgin with guilt written all over you, like what you’ve got written now.”
Frances exhaled: a sharp-edged, jagged sound of relief. In her appeal to Lady Anthea, foremost in Frances’ mind had been the fear that
I admit. Yes, in a moment of madness, in an effort to preserve my credit in your eyes, brother, rather than turning to my man of business to extend funds to cover my losses, I had my personal man pawn a few of my personal adornments. I admit all that. But not
of his charge, and the consequent need to protect her delicate maiden sensibilities from the rough soldiery. Which, Lieutenant Brenzaida had thought at the time, might have been an easier task if the powers that be hadn’t insisted on sending twenty troopers, one sergeant, one corporal and a farrier to bear her back to Gondal Town.
He bowed, slightly. “By the grace of – God – my grandfather is dead. Regrettably, your brother yet lives.”
“I’ll wager she did! And what happened then?”
The last curve of the white dust road had opened up a new vista: two wooded headlands, curved inwards like a crab’s claws, enclosing a jewel-blue bay.
“Symbolism,” Mr Darcy responded, handing her aboard and settling her beneath the bullion-trimmed awning in the stern. “Poets always say ‘death’ when they mean ‘the culmination of passion’.”
Mama took the news badly. What was utterly unexpected was how nearly Mama echoed Elizabeth’s thoughts in the garden.
“Is it not obvious? Charis is likely, in due course, to be Queen of Gaaldine and, should fortune permit, also of Gondal. When that day comes, it will help if she knows as many languages as possible. It is fortunate that chance has thrown two native speakers of a hitherto obscure language which seems to be attaining unexpected commercial importance into our ken.”
“In war, an active, gallant officer may distinguish himself and rise to great heights, however much his earlier life may have been marked by hardship.”
“For the most part, ma’am, this is poor, sheep-farming country, save for some mining and quarrying in the high dales. There’s little work for the young men so they are tempted to follow when the recruiting parties come calling, no matter whether it’s for regiments of Gondal or the Pope’s wars or the Emperor’s. Two of my brothers went that way.”
this included the Netherfield party. Harriet flattered herself that with a little judicious pushing and prodding Jane had done enough to captivate Mr Bingley. Indeed, tonight’s ball, the first in Meryton since the King’s death, might with only a
“So. You run a private gaming hell for the ladies of my court, do you?”
She paused for barely a breath. “Not for a moment. I love my daughters – do not, Penelope, ever think I do not love them – but, Holy Virgin! I would that Clarence had wedded someone – anyone – but me. Yes: even at the price of my daughters being never born. But here we both are. They live, and so do I. Nothing can change that. I cannot leave him. The merest breath of scandal is death to a girl’s marriage prospects. Penelope, I have
The northern ridge was darker than Darcy had expected. Owls called in the depths of the thicket; here and there he caught the glint of fireflies. He had set out too early; there was only the faintest glimmer of silver over behind the far fells. Groping by memory, he found the stone bench the head gardener claimed had been there since Roman times, the bench that in his childhood had been everything from a fort defended against overwhelming attack by the forces of Gaaldine to a pirate galley on the Adriatic.
, the Princess’ party was ambushed in the mountains, supposedly by brigands.”
But at this last, even the busy tongue of gossip stilled, and the ladies looked sideways at each other, shrugged, and gave a little laugh at the absurdity into which speculation had led them. For, whatever rumour whispered, how could there really be anything amiss with Molly Hooper, first lady of Gondal, when it was patently obvious that her brother the King was in the best of spirits and that his temper only improved as the hour of the Ball advanced upon them all?
She paused, and then, very deliberately, added, “My own hope is that the answer is the former.”
Apparently taking that for invitation, Aunt Gardiner sat down on the bedside stool.
“Ah. So he would have no business even passing through Belmont, let alone visiting a house there?”
Princess Charis would have delivered that line as a self-evident truth. This woman sounded as if the power to exclude or welcome visitors was one which had only recently come into her hands and she still feared it might be snatched away.
His vision settled. Sally Donovan was sitting directly opposite him, her heavy skirts, split for riding, falling each side of the three-legged stool which she straddled. They were in some rough-walled space lit by torches which flared, with much oily smoke, from sconces in the walls. A cellar, perhaps; the roof and walls were part living rock, part barrel-vaulting. Shadows danced in their cornices and hollows.
She looked at him as if he were a zany capering in the market square. Her voice, too, had the gentleness of one dealing with someone whose wits were astray.
"Aye, ma’am, why not? Speed and secrecy were the very essence of Hebron’s assassination. The man who did it assuredly would have displayed himself in his accustomed haunts as soon as humanly possible afterwards. That he has not –”
At first, Giulio had hoped something of interest might emerge from Miss Hooper’s choice to make her devotions not in the Cathedral, nor (except when absolutely required) in the Royal Chapel but in a small church in a genteel but unfashionable district. Via several intermediaries, he had reported it to his paymaster, who had returned, tersely: “NEXT TIME, READ THE MEMORIAL TABLETS.”
Miss Hooper’s open, friendly countenance clouded. “To do what? To order the Gouldings and Lacys to surrender their land for the common good?”
the Duke of Malham. By his grace of Zalona was I baptised, from him I received my first communion, and many times I spoke with him at my father’s table. You are, I repeat, a gallant man, and I esteem you for your efforts to shield my lord Bishop, but you cannot deceive me.”
“Lady Abruzzi? Arranging memorial games for the late Colonel?” Clarence Duplessis raised a sardonic eyebrow. “Let us hope she is not a student of Diodorus Siculus.”
“Paid! We – the troopers of the Crown – we haven’t been paid in months, and we’ll not see the thalers owed us for as long as Traquair squats in the War Office, spending
Elizabeth and Charlotte sank into their deepest and most formal curtseys.
“Leave the King to me.” Her eyes did not leave the giant’s face. “He is my brother and my liege lord and he may command all of us to die for him if he so chooses, but he cannot command me to stand by and watch a woman who has cared for me since childhood murdered before my eyes. And besides, he is not here. Drop the cases, Jeanette. Then let her go, you bastard.”
“As for me?”
The Earl grunted and waved them out. They were left together, though, for little more than time enough for Darcy to stumble through the most profound thanks to his cousin for her offer and for her once again to convey, in tones of uncompromising sincerity, that by contrast
“And only the start of the delights planned, I
“Permission to speak, sir?” So far as Peter was aware, the corporal had never spoken in his presence before; at least, not beyond, “Sir!”
Charlotte assented, but Elizabeth could not help feeling that there was a certain constraint as they descended the hill.
After a little thought, she sealed it and placed it inside an envelope addressed to Mgstra Sarai Benveniste at the Poor Person’s Lying In Hospital in Gaaldine’s capital, under cover of a brief couple of lines asking her to forward it to John Watson since Elizabeth was unsure of his current direction. She still cherished memories of the unassuming woman with the brilliant smile who had accompanied her convalescent uncle to Longbourn after the disaster of Vannstown and who had made a point of sending birthday gifts to her and Jane for years after. She, too, might be suffering the aftermath of the Crown Prince’s downfall, since he was, Elizabeth collected, the principal patron of the hospital. Still, her uncle had spoken of Sarai Benveniste principally in connection with the Princess’s charitable work there and that might shield her, at least for the moment.
He dropped down beside her, and clasped her hand. “I pray – to the Virgin and to St Cecelia – that such an event will never come to pass. But if it should do so – be aware. The forgiveness must flow to me, and never be required of you.”
a constellation they make, too, those of that set whom drink and the pox have so far spared.” Colonel Fitzwilliam wrinkled his nose. “But I would not like to think so ill of the Earl. To sacrifice his daughter for advancement, and on
He allowed the wounded man another swig from the flask.
Mrs Gardiner smiled. “Surely, Colonel Foster must have planned his wedding for no other purpose but to irritate you. You should feel flattered, Harriet, that you can still inspire a young man to take so serious and life-changing a step upon such a comparatively slight acquaintance.”
(if indeed he had survived the Reaching Beck Bridge, which doubtless he had, since warlocks always floated) for the anxiety he had caused his brother.
"I have – to get a message –”
A tendril of suspicion touched her mind. Could this new assault on Wickham’s fortunes also be laid at Mr Darcy’s door? She stifled that suspicion with what she intended to be robust fairness. Surely a Duke of Malham must be engaged in high politics, far beyond her ken, and Mr Darcy, proud and resentful as she knew him to be, would not stoop so low as to further harm a man whose hopes he had already blackened.
“Forgive me, my dear: I should not have snapped. It has been an uneasy time in Gondal Town since the old King’s death. Each day that passes brings fresh rumours, none of them good. The old guard at Court are in rout. Those who have replaced them test the limits of their new powers and find (at least, while they enjoy the King’s favour) that for them limits do not exist.”
At approximately the same time, a middle-aged matron and her daughter (who might have been thought
. Inside.”
“More like six weeks. Neither my cousin the colonel nor my cousin Darcy are foolish enough to put anything of moment in writing, but one can tell much from the things they choose to withhold, nonetheless. Shortly after I returned to Rosings from Elbe I received letters from them: not from Lake Elderno, as I had expected, but dated from Gondal Town. It can only have been an emergency session of the Council which broke up my uncle’s party, and such a session cannot have been occasioned by the raid on Castle Lestrade; news of that did not spread until a fortnight later.”
They were at the dark, iron-bound door to the Royal Apartments by the time she found her courage.
Mentally, she made a note against her next confession. But confidence as to the Elbe visit had been enjoined upon her and promises were also sacred to God. Her voice strengthened.
Giulio had travelled here from Gondal Town: through the Debatable Lands, over the Skogull passes, fear his constant companion. Two months ago, Frances would not have known the tell-tales to look for. Two years ago, she would not have known they existed. Today she was executive officer to a Queen-in-waiting and who knew how many lives depended on her reading him right and, having read him, using him where he could be placed most effectively?
He struggled to sit up, by which he hoped to increase his authority. Caroline, who was staring out of the window into the shrubbery, did not notice. His pang of regret for the perfect angel who had attended him that morning, making sure his pillows were plumped and soothing his brow with cool damp cloths, felt almost like disloyalty.
“I would be delighted to see Penelope as soon as may be. But my –” She turned, briefly, to Elizabeth and her eyes opened unexpectedly wide. ”That is to say,
“All that and more, sir, but would you permit me to be frank with you?”
Elizabeth’s cheeks flamed hot.
“And remember that I have not much reason for supposing it to be Bingley. What he told me was merely this: that he congratulated himself on having lately saved a friend from the inconveniences of a most imprudent marriage, but without mentioning names or any other particulars. But he and Bingley were together for the greater part of last summer and autumn, and I judge Bingley the sort of young man who might get into that kind of scrape.”
“Tell me how she raised the wind?”
into the best society Rome or Naples can afford this winter must be taken as guaranteed. She will miss the State Ball, of course, despite his grace’s best efforts, but one can hardly consider her the loser as a result.”
“You go so far?” His voice was barely even a whisper.
He dropped his eyes to conceal his thoughts and almost gasped aloud. On top of the mess of papers strewn across the low table was one in a handwriting he recognised; had, in fact, seen far too often.
Harriet stumbled over her words. “My thanks and – your cousin, is she also in health?”
“My pardons for correcting you, sir. You are a brave man, a loyal friend and, I doubt not, a devout priest. But you are not the Bishop of Zalona.”
That he should put her rejection down to hurt pride at his manner of confessing his love, rather than a considered and rational objection to the idea of putting her life and happiness within his sole control: well, she had the experience of rejecting Mr Collins, and – disappointingly – it would appear there was a family similarity about these affairs.
“Frances, I have watched you these last months. You appear to have made it your mission to gather as much data as you can about the plants and animals of Gaaldine: at least, so far as the limitations of the season and your own circumstances permit.”
The long, soothing strokes of the brush as much as the herbal drink would have lulled her almost to the point of sleep, had it not been for the sharp edge of apprehension running along every nerve. It came almost as a relief when she heard a hammering on her door and a man’s voice calling. “Ma’am! Ma’am! Open up!”
“Miss Hooper wishes to see me?”
! To think of him, son of the village drunkard, butt of the village jokes since he could first remember, being on scolding terms with the daughter of the King’s mistress. Of course, no-one back in that pestilential, flea-ridden hole would have believed he would become one of the Crown Prince’s chosen men, either, but the Crown Prince’s penchant for hiring irregulars was notorious, and, in any event, however unconventionally he interpreted the role, the Crown Prince was his commanding officer, now and forever. Whereas Frances –
“But if the Princess were seen to be learning it, that would make it fashionable.”
Peter nodded. “Not directly, sir, but it was – his men were most proper, one would have been delighted to take over a troop so well-disciplined. But there were hints dropped, nonetheless and my men were on the alert for them and relayed the information to me. My understanding is that Miss Darcy and her chaperone are currently held at some strong point on the Northern side of – of the Duke’s former estates.”
“While Mr Darcy’s father lived, the Princess would often visit Pemberley with her father. As a child she was open-hearted and amiable, notwithstanding her rank, and uncommonly fond of me. You cannot imagine the dismay I felt on hearing of her marriage to the Dark Prince of Gaaldine. If rumour speaks true, King Mycroft has long used his influence to soften and conceal the vices of his brother. Who knows what such a one reveals in the seclusion of the marital chamber? It would ease my heart if there were a way to let her know her friends in Gondal keep her in their thoughts and prayers. It is what the elder Mr Darcy would have expected.
“I have not. That sounds delightful. But I was wondering – as you know, my uncle is at present in Gaaldine, and the landward routes are shut for the winter. I wish to send Uncle John a letter and hoped it might be possible to contrive to send it by sea. Could you enquire, when you reach Hunsford, and let me know if you have been able to send it?”
“That is not an unnatural surmise,” Colonel Fitzwilliam said, “but it is a lessening of the honour of my cousin’s triumph very sadly.”
?” She was quoting someone, Elizabeth guessed and Mama knew whom, but the key was not something to which Elizabeth had access.
Elizabeth could only accept with becoming gratitude and hope something – war with Gaaldine, the end of the world, Mr Collins being struck by a lightning bolt – would prevent her having to make good on it. Though, since she must pass through Gondal Town, it would at least give her an opportunity to see Jane. Although no words of unhappiness appeared in Jane’s letters, her lack of her normal spirits came off each page like a miasma. Elizabeth would give much for an opportunity to see for herself and hear the opinions of the more sensible part of her family.
She feared this levity might not have concealed her very real shock. Nonetheless, Wickham took the bait.
“I have two young ladies staying with me. And?”
That unnaturally white finger stirred the small heap of jewels again. “Of course, the kind and proper thing would be that I give her the lecture concerning rash play I am confident her father would have given had he lived and then, once she is suitably chastened, offer to cover her debts and hand back her jewels.”
“Soldiers!” Without a word passing between them, they quickened their pace.
“I responded to his letter inviting him to visit when his duties to his patroness permitted, and his reply of a se’nnight ago told me that if he was not summoned elsewhere –
“Indeed, he does seem to have had some scruples on the point. However, his new situation, and, even more, the accession of Prince James to the throne has led him to believe that a new start should be made, an olive branch should be extended, hatchets should be buried and – ah – much to like effect.”
. And I think, from what little I
Darcy rode north.
The giant shook his head.
“Well said, my dear. No, we will not speak of it further. We are alone, yes, but even here we may be observed from upper windows, or from behind the high hedges. Have another cup of tea. Laugh and sleep. But do not betray your innermost thoughts, no, not even to me. James, I had not seen you there. How clever of you to notice. Yes: we are in need of more water for the urn.”
the place. At least, not just for that reason.”
She rose and changed into the wide-sleeved linen shirt, full-skirted coat and fine broadcloth breeches which were concealed in her portmanteau. The smooth feel of the breeches against her legs felt at once odd and curiously familiar, like coming home after long absence.
Charlotte frowned.
“You saw your lady well, sir?”
of Ragusa did not appear to be a prosperous vessel. Nevertheless Charlotte, brought up in Lucas Lodge, where fresh paint and the workmen to apply it had had to be squeezed out among a dozen other claims on Papa’s purse, found the argosy’s shabbiness curiously endearing.
Only the need to conceal her emotions brought her back to herself. She bestirred herself to converse with her aunt and uncle, who were exclaiming over the beauties of the woodland through which they were walking, and, in her uncle’s case, speculating about the prospects for fishing in the little river which bordered the path.
John looked up; Harriet thought she detected a jealous, even an angry tinge to his expression.
Her colour rose, as did her voice; her hands turned over and over in her lap, twisting the handkerchief into knots.
“Soldier, repeat to the lady’s brother what you have just told me.”
Darcy dipped his head again. “Your disinterested generosity – given that my success at that date must have inflicted a grave disappointment upon Lord Moran, who all know to have been one of your dearest friends – is as unexpected as it is welcome. But sir, let us forget the past. Pray, tell me of Molly’s good fortune. For, even if it comes by way of a great marriage, provided her husband truly loves and esteems her, and she reciprocates, I will stand up at the wedding breakfast and wish them both happy to the depths of my heart.”
Colonel Miller, Ruth’s father, had been a fervent traditionalist, though he and her father had managed their political differences with the honed tact developed over decades of professional experience. She remembered now what had precipitated the disaster. Not her father. John. John, who with all the blundering partisanship of thirteen had declared in passionate accents that the Royal wedding was no better that the sale of a Circassian slave into the harem of the Sultan. Declared it, moreover, in front of officers who had spent the winter wondering which of their comrades they would find themselves firing upon if tension broke into outright conflict.
This was a surprise too great to be comprehended: a compliment, too, of the highest water. She murmured assent and then her aunt and uncle were upon them. He invited them to come in and take refreshment, but they declined; they had bespoken an unfashionably early dinner at their inn in Lambton and the hour pressed close upon them. Their carriage ordered, they rolled away down the long straight drive through the park.
the whole approach had been: he could have sworn he had been told in terms to seduce the Princess but now he looked back her name had never been mentioned from beginning to end.)
And so all-but proclaim themselves affianced in the face of all the Court?
“Be assured of his safe passage through Malham lands, my lord.”
“Tell us the story as you had it of your nurse, then,” he manages, through gritted teeth.
"Uncle, please. Don’t even try to pretend gossip is strictly for women. If you need to control that Council session, gossip is your friend.
“You’ll know when we get there,” she snapped, and, at Lizzie’s slapped expression, instantly regretted it.
And then he sat back, his damnable eyes dark and impenetrable above the rim of his wine glass, and let silence stretch out.
should not care to sail in one. That said, should we inspect it more closely?”
“Thirdly, yours were the last pair of hands through which the ear-bobs passed before they came into his possession. Whoever
Her friend did not answer; instead, she turned once more to stand, lost in thought, contemplating that sublime vista. It was some time before Elizabeth plucked up courage to touch her on the arm.
She tossed the necklace so high it slammed against the coffered ceiling of the bedchamber, and then plucked it left-handed out of the air on the rebound.
The expression on the Crown Prince’s face could only be described as ‘smug’. “So that song has travelled as I hoped? And yes, indeed they are – at least, Charis seemed far more enamoured of me when I returned as an exile than when we first stood up together in the Cathedral and made our vows.”
That girl, the one from the villa at Elbe had called his name, screamed out, “Giulio, Giulio” like some lovelorn
“She does. It is as if she was born to prepare a castle for an impending siege.”
“And if the King himself were to offer, I’d tell him I’d see him dead and rotted before I’d hand a daughter of mine to the Ogre’s get.”
Captain Lennox stood straighter. “My pardon, sir. But yes, that young lady. It would appear I have been misinformed. I shall ensure hints are dropped in appropriate quarters.”
Mrs Gardiner pursed her lips. “Hush, Lizzie. However true that observation may be, it is one better not made aloud. Not when it concerns the King’s cousin. In any event, it is not entirely that loss which lies against Mr Wickham when one considers him as a husband. His current profession, dashing as it may seem, is not one I would like to see any young friend marry into, especially not at the present time. It is almost a certainty we shall have war during the coming year, perhaps before summer is out.”
Mr Darcy looked sardonic. “Our lord the King does not give easy tasks to his chosen men. Nor does he readily forgive those who fail in their trust. My cousin, to speak truth, is not sure whether he is supposed to restore Lord Lestrade to his estates or to bring him to judgment for losing them. But I have bored you too long on military affairs. Tell me, how have you enjoyed your travels?”
Five live births and one miscarriage later, she wondered if it had also been the stupidest thing she had ever done in her life, childbirth included.
Having feared hysterics or sobbing, Jonathan found her cool assessment a blessed relief. “With one chance to make the shot, you’d not have been able to rely on a musket. A rifle-gun might have the range, but trust me, ma’am, if
? Tell me more about her. Is it true that she bears a striking resemblance to my own unfortunate niece?”
Darcy’s voice sounded like a thunderclap over Calder Spout of an August afternoon.
“Many unaccustomed things become the fashion,” Darcy said. “And many good old customs fall into disuse. Including, it would seem, the right of a maiden to say ‘No’ to an uncongenial match.”
Elizabeth’s brow creased in puzzlement. “Had Queen Felicia sought the throne in her own right, a generation ago, you mean?”
"Madam; I concur. Miss Elizabeth is admirably frank and would not toy with a man’s hopes, whether directly or at one or two times removed. But can I honourably ask a woman of character to enter into a
accept it.”
The genius of her stratagem became clear with every moment of their tour of the house. Despite Charlotte’s broad hints that she should be allowed the bride’s customary prerogative of showing off her new home to her family, Mr Collins insisted on carrying out that office. The most scrupulous of inventory-takers could not have accused him of omitting the smallest chest or the most insignificant of platters. Only Charlotte’s intervention on the grounds that her sister and friend were drooping from thirst and hunger saved Maria and Elizabeth from a similarly exacting tour of the pastures and outbuildings.
John’s splutter told Harriet this was the first
Mary King had been a shy, be-befreckled presence on the edge of Meryton events for all of Elizabeth’s life. Her father had owned a ropewalk, and on his death (an event which occurred when Miss King was no more than three years old) his widow, disregarding the advice of her man of business and the opinion of the district, assumed management of the ropewalk on her own account. Further, she had sunk her jointure into building new sheds on the most modern principles: doubling the quantities of hands, and bringing in experts from Venice and the Low Countries to coach them in the newest principles of the craft. So successful had this strategy proved, Mrs King’s small local business had in short order become a most prosperous and renowned manufactory.
Her hand went to her lips.
Elizabeth gulped. Then, very precisely, she said, “I heard she was intended to accompany the Princess to Gaaldine, on her wedding journey, but that her father withdrew permission at the last moment. And, as I also heard, though Miss Georgiana Darcy was then preferred by the King to replace Lady Agnes, that her – her brother became aware that Mr Wickham had been frequenting the house. Suspecting Mr Wickham might have been using Miss Georgiana to gain further intelligence of the Princess’ journey, Mr Darcy made a clean breast of what he knew to the King.”
Frances sat bolt upright. The night they left Gaaldine Lady Anthea had vouchsafed some disquieting intelligence. Only the two of them had been left in Big Gertie’s parlour by then, the owner of the house having vanished to write letters and issue commands and Jonathan busying himself about their baggage.
Charlotte had almost forgotten Lydia, tagging along mulishly at the back of the little group walking into Longbourn village. To be honest, she tried where possible to forget Lydia, less from a sense that she had nothing in common with the youngest Duplessis sister than from an uncomfortable suspicion that they possessed more commonality than it would be politic to let Lizzie or Jane (“her own
“Ma’am. Many thanks.”
The little gate led to the kitchen garden which was bounded by a high brick wall. Fortunately one with sufficient crumbled bricks to make climbing it comparatively simple. Once over it, he landed in an orchard and when the orchard ran out it was only a brief sprint across open meadowland, then into the cover of the woods.
She passed a further slip of paper across to their hostess.
Charlotte appeared so overcome by the possibility that the King’s sister could even have thought of pouring coffee for her that the truth of this proposition was almost proved by actual experiment. Quietly, Elizabeth put out a hand and gave the wobbling silver spout a surer direction.
the message said.
“You must not be alarmed, my dear. It is not such a bad situation,” Mrs Annesley observed. “We have driven out as far on parties of pleasure from Pemberley, many times, have we not? I collect there is a most picturesque view from the ruined fort on the crest of that hill, over there.”
“Did not one of the conspirators write a letter to his cousin, warning him not to attend the opening of Parliament? Oh!”
“My dear, when I found you sound asleep on my return from the Council meeting I hadn’t the heart to wake you. It was past two in the morning.”
“Madam. How fortunate it is that I should encounter you. I am bid by my colonel to present his compliments and heartfelt thanks for the hospitality you extended to him, to myself and to my fellow officers last night. Your servant, ma’am.”
“Most thoroughly. Lazarus rose from the dead with the help of our good Lord, but Lord Lestrade’s reputation, I wager, is a problem beyond even His fixing.”
“And so the King would not do it if you asked him to?”
"Indeed, sir, the younger girl slipped into the King’s bed when the elder quitted the world for the cloister. Further, the boy was born some months after King Mycroft’s death at Castle Cavron, and his mother died bearing him.
She glared at him, but he seemed impervious. Doubtless he had had a lifetime’s practice.
Charlotte walked on besides them, and composed her thoughts in silence.
The Bishop emitted a quick huff of amusement. “Nevertheless, in tribute to those same old bones, I need my cloak. Ah, thank you, my dear boy. Now. I have always thought there are things easier to say beneath the stars. And to hear.”
nodded, and whisked through the part-open door.
“Ought we not hurry a little? It would never do to be late.”
Her uncle swung round. “So much?”
“Enough. I must take that convoy, if it contains the entire college of cardinals and his Holiness the Pope at their head.”
Her hands picked ceaselessly at a dangling thread on the edge of her sleeve.
For the first time in her life, Elizabeth knew she was seeing the sea.
“I’ve put out your blue cloak with the white rabbit fur collar for Betsey to take to the Palace with you, look, here. You might think it’s a warm night now, but at dawn it will be a different story, especially coming straight out to it from a hot ballroom. On no account let Betsey forget it. Now, let’s begin with your hair.”
That day she had manoeuvred her family out of the principal parlour in order to leave Jane and Bingley together, despite Lizzie’s totally absurd attempts to prevent her. She had spent a nervous turn and a half upstairs in her room, with embroidery she had no spirit for, a book she had no interest in reading and a half-finished letter to Penelope, to which she added not a word, until the sounds of light, running footsteps on the landing outside alerted her to Lizzie’s presence upstairs. She opened the door a fraction, intending to ask if there were news, but the expression on her second-oldest daughter’s face as she passed on the way to her own room told her all she needed.
"May I? Well, Miss Georgiana, this is a horrid tale, I warn you, so be sure to let me know if you wish me to leave off, but it fell about like this. In Italy, they say, a young man named Lorenzo, of a respectable, mercantile family, formed the most intense affection for a lady, Lisabetta, the only daughter of an Florentine noble of the most rigidly exclusive type. He would hardly have deigned to betroth Lisabetta to a Viscount; to one of the merchant class, impossible! But love contrives a way over the highest obstacles –”
“Assuredly, you will not.” The hint of amusement in the other’s voice might have been intended to reassure. If so, it failed signally. His heart thumping loud enough to be heard, Giulio swallowed again.
As they drove under the massive South Gate, Elizabeth noted the heads of traitors on pikes, and suppressed nausea. So many. When she had passed through that gate a bare three months earlier, on her outward journey, there had not been half – not a quarter – of those grisly relics. What was her country coming to?
It was hard to respond to such an opening. She did her best. “I aspire to become a natural philosopher. I hope – I hope Aristotle would have approved my methods.”
“Quite the reverse, my dear, at least according to her attendants. She has gone off on a spring pilgrimage under the care of a widowed gentlewoman of unimpeachable reputation.”
“That might be the merest chance.” Frances did not believe it but, as a natural philosopher, she felt it must be said. The Crown Prince flicked a finger for more drinks and leant forwards.
The cressets brought back memories of those other torches which had blazed over forts, guardhouses, army camps across the length and breadth of Gondal. Back when the cumbersome garb he was wearing for this preposterous frolic of his nephew’s had been his daily formal wear, light and familiar as breathing.
“Lady Abruzzi showed discretion in leaving early,” Captain Lennox observed.
Small mercies: they had a regiment quartered on Meryton and that meant possibilities. True, the Army was traditionally the resort of second sons or even third, and discreet enquiries revealed that the Colonel, who had seemed promising at first (spoke of a place, an inheritance from a childless uncle) was affianced and would wed before Shrovetide. That amusing Lieutenant Wickham, with whom Lizzie seemed so taken, repeatedly hinted about “disappointments” which, in the case of a man, usually meant that they considered their fortune by no means equal to their deserts. If things looked like becoming serious in that quarter she would need to caution Lizzie to be on her guard, but for the time being a small flirtation did no-one any harm. Such things, even more than the harpsichord, required practice.
“Really? Don’t tell me she’s taken to gallivanting around unchaperoned and unexplained, too?”
Colonel Fitzwilliam’s head snapped round. “Go on.”
“Again, correct in every particular. You have inherited no small measure of the family brains.”
“Well, my lady, I’d best be going. Just one word, if I may, before I do. Miss Duplessis: it seems like she’s fallen into deep water. Those who sent me will be easier in their hearts to learn she’s found someone ready and willing to teach her to swim.”
The Crown Prince’s face lit up. “The very point I have been considering. The short answer is, she could not. At the Gondal end, yes: the party might have been followed. But the ambush into which they walked must have been days in the planning. Our few prisoners told us as much.”
A treacherous little eddy sent one of the sheets flapping close to her. She captured it beneath her sole on the very edge of the quayside, stooped and picked it up. It was closely written on both sides in a neat, precise hand.
Once the cabin boy had gone, Jonathan lent across the (by now much barer) table.
He nudged the piebald forwards with his knees, his rein slack on its neck.
“As matters stand, I would not happily see any relative of mine brought so near the King, still less a gentle, sheltered girl such as Jane. Mr Darcy is the King’s own cousin. The wife of Mr Darcy’s closest friend would, of necessity, be brought into the highest of Court circles.”
"I do not dislike the idea, truly –”
Molly wrinkled her nose. “If the culmination of Sir L– P–’s passion involves quite
“There is Mr Darcy in the wilderness outside.” Caroline fumbled with the window catch, and succeeded in pushing the casement a creaking few inches open. “Mr Darcy! Mr Darcy!”
“You speak of Miss Hooper? I saw her work at – at Rosings, and it is truly fine.”
He inhaled, and looked down at the note he had received from his tenant. “I’ll not see Armstrong cheated, no matter what high politics may be behind it. I owe him that. But I shall take care.”
He had never had the smallest particle of the dandy about him; even as a young man at court he had never bothered to primp and preen overmuch, even for grand occasions. In less than half a turn the Earl, dressed for the function ahead, was out on the forecourt of his townhouse, walking back and forth with the air of a man who felt that all his family were simply
“Very little. My father’s seat lies west of Pemberley and he has another place on Lake Elderno. My childhood was spent between those two estates and Pemberley, of course. But after Darcy and I grew up we adopted the custom of spending a few weeks here at this time of year so we could see our cousin, Miss Hooper. We are fortunate to meet you at Hunsford, though. It is quite the gift of fate.”
The King’s face contorted in fury; the courtiers around were trying to make themselves inconspicuous, for fear of being caught in the cross-fire.
Darcy flushed first white, then red. After a moment, he said, as if through gritted teeth, “My late mother’s younger sister made a most imprudent second match. Unhappily, she died in childbed not long afterwards. On her husband’s following her to the grave some few years later, my aunt – that is, my mother’s elder sister – took my poor cousin into her own house and raised her as a daughter. I believe my aunt sold the house because it held unhappy memories for my cousin. I know nothing of what became of it after that.”
“That suits you. If His Grace decides to keep up the tradition of having the State Ball as a costume piece, I may suggest to him that we should have the next
Peter thought, as the door closed behind the master of Pemberley.
“Indeed. Judging by that noise, there will by bloodshed by dawn.”
When this absurd masquerade had been mooted, the Earl had suggested that to save time they dine already costumed in their ball attire; the Countess, always pragmatic, had drawn to his attention the sheer impracticality of the fashions of forty years ago for decorous eating, especially for those unfamiliar with managing the sleeves. He had been a general, and a good one, but in this as ever his Countess out-manoeuvred him. The Earl of Ula’s guests ate in elegant, comfortable, modern clothing. Upstairs the clothing for the ball was arrayed on stands and a legion of nervous abigails and valets waited with pomades, baubles and brushes at the ready, poised to transform the dinner party guests into revenants from an earlier reign.
She performed the introduction with alacrity and if he was surprised he hid it well. He immediately entered into conversation with them and Elizabeth delighted that he should see that here were two relatives for whom she need not blush. Moreover, he seemed most interested in Mr Gardiner’s tales of the capital, which it was clear shed new light on issues which Mr Darcy could only have heard about from the Court’s perspective. Indeed, once conversation turned in this direction, he dispatched the gardener ahead of them to the house, with some message about the Gardiners’ horses, so that her uncle might share his opinions more freely.
Before the waiting-woman had been peremptorily required to resume her place in the carriage, Hill had managed to extract from her a tale of fire, theft, high play and Royal disapprobation which (even after both Harriet and her housekeeper had applied generous quantities of salt to the narrative) left both of them somewhere between exhilarated and aghast.
Mrs Annesley rose to her feet and walked to the window which commanded a view of the south drive. “Did they drop any hint of what their errand is?”
Harriet sighed. “And my youngest daughter is within the hour entering into a patched up marriage with a man with whom she has been living this past fortnight. I agree. It seems we are
“Oh!”
The silence which fell between Jane and Lizzie had its own texture: hard and
Something about that assertion caught at his mind, like a burr in a cloak. He teased at it, trying to dislodge it.
So, Julian thought with a small twist of pain, might he himself have sounded three months ago. He put the slightest shading of that thought into his voice. “Even for you. What I may confess – that, I daresay, is something the King’s intelligencers would be agog to learn.”
The final straw came when a letter arrived, addressed to her father. Jane had instructions to open everything which arrived, and Elizabeth, recognising Mr Collins’ crabbed hand on the direction, craned over her sister’s shoulder to read along with her.
“One would be unwise to do so and not just because the King may take offence,” the priest said severely, though Charlotte thought she detected a twinkle in his eye. “May not his grace be supposed to have learned caution from his young cousin’s adventure?”
Reluctantly, amidst the mess of blankets beneath the pines, a second man raised his dishevelled head.
hardly bore thinking of. Jonathan looked at her sidelong and tipped the last of the wine into her glass.
Husband and wife looked at each other being, for once, of a single mind. Clarence spoke first.
The cold blaze in the King’s eyes made his very bones shiver. “You find something incongruous about that idea?”
The smells did not lie. The landlady presented a soup of early sorrel, sharp and fragrant; oysters on a bed of seaweed; young lamb spiced with cumin, garlic and pepper; small flat fish grilled over charcoal and bubbling with butter; roasted peppers and baby leeks stewed with olives.
The castle stormed, the rest would have been simple and delightful: picking up the strands of useful and neglected acquaintance (how, Harriet wondered, was Mary Vittoria doing now?) renewing old friendships, and storing up connections for later seasons, so they would be placed to launch their girls creditably upon the world.
Frances’ voice wobbled a little. A sense of sacrilege in initiating this meeting in a Cathedral, albeit one dedicated to a faith not her own, increased her shakiness.
rumours were equally true. Papa was already a Court Physician, if not yet admitted to the inner circles who attended upon the King. Rumour said the Ogre moved in Court circles and had protectors who ranked higher still, so high their names dare not even be whispered. Save for the necessary secrets of his profession, Papa never kept anything from Mama; anything learnt at Court would assuredly have been shared.
is what we need of you.”
“Me.”
He coughed, repressively. "Never mind that for the moment. Here’s the plan – ”
The Gondalian accent shifts were tricky, but from Giulio’s fish-slapped expression she
“Then I shall draw what conclusions appear appropriate from your silence. Harriet, were you to be taken back thirty years, knowing the future, what choices would you make then? Would they be the same?”
much too young. Jane’s looks were of a style which might so easily take and Lizzie, though she could hardly hold a candle to her sister for beauty, possessed vivacity and ready wit. So often those did better at Court than conventional good looks.
Elizabeth chewed at her lower lip. Nothing could be more disinterested than Wickham’s concern for the Princess, or more flattering than his assumption that she might be in a position to assist him. Nor was the thing
That bit hard, and the pain did not ease. She spent the night tossing in her lumpy bed, sleep far away. Open or shut, whichever way she turned Mr Darcy’s face was before her eyes. A man who had once thought the niece of a country attorney and the daughter of a gentleman of modest estate beneath his dignity would never ally himself to the sister of a woman who had played the wanton with a soldier: a soldier, too, with whom he had the best cause for ancient enmity. All her hopes were sunk and Lydia’s folly had weighted their sinking.
“Now, ma’am, let’s be helping you into the shade, so you can recover yourself. Then I’ll see they send you out a nice, cool drink from the inn.”
“Perhaps we could make our way back to the carriage, dear.” Mrs Gardiner’s tone had none of Mama’s querulousness, but somehow that made her weariness more convincing. They turned, Elizabeth now leading the party and so first to see Mr Darcy advancing to meet them from the direction of the house.
“Some months ago, he proposed again. This time, I went to my brother. He declined to give his consent and yet – when I should have felt blessed relief – I had no confidence it was the end of the matter.”
Mama tried to look nonchalant. “I? What would I be about? May not a mother ask about her daughter’s acquaintance? Introducing you to his sister, too: a most singular mark of regard. He must have unbent a great deal from when he stalked about the ballroom at Netherfield too proud to talk to anyone. So, Lizzie, were he to make you an offer, would you be minded to accept him?”
Elizabeth nodded. The fresh green leaves above their heads filtered a sun which would otherwise be overpoweringly hot. The stream flanking the path rippled between mossy stones. Dragonflies danced over its pools. Left wilder than the mannered formality of the grounds nearer Rosings Hall, this part of the park felt home-like. Since the arrival of Mr Darcy and his cousin almost two weeks ago, the two young men had frequently met her walking there; sometimes together, more often Mr Darcy alone. Although, the first time that happened, she had made a point of letting him know it was a favourite haunt of hers, not only had she met him there a second and even a third time but he had actually taken pains to converse with her. Not, of course, that she had troubled to listen much.
He stiffened his back.
The moon had only just started to decline. Julian had expected more time to have passed. They were almost at the edge of the bluff above the river before either of them spoke.
“Hebron? So he was your
’s your
, no doubt audible all over Belmont. He had known since the first visit to the quiet house with the great walnut tree overshadowing the garden gate that if he did anything, anything at all to betray the man inside, he was a dead man. And that there was no way he might conceal any such act of betrayal.
Twenty years of marriage had taught her to catch the meaningful emphasis Clarence put on the word ‘daughters’: everyone else, including the oh-so-vauntedly brilliant Lizzie, would have missed it.
Mama shrugged. “Where it always goes.”
be protected.”
Elizabeth dipped her knee and murmured the word, “Happy” several times, and rose to the dazzling intelligence that they were bidden to make up the evening party at Rosings that very day and to dinner on the morrow.
He was no longer the Prince of Elfland, but even after twenty years she recognised him instantly.
“Just that my heart would be a great deal easier were I to see Georgiana safely wed to a man of
ladies we’re looking for, not one. No; you’ve earned it, but don’t let ’em know you’ve got it, eh? Now, cut along. What’s that? Oh, yes, take what you like: we’ve finished.”
When all was over and the congregation had spilled out into the sunshine,
"Well, this year, we had planned our visit to coincide with Molly’s return to Rosings and when Darcy heard she would be absent he wrote to our aunt asking if we might delay our visit, but –”
All her ideas fled; she stood fixed to the spot while he caught up with her. After a few moments most awkward conversation on both their parts, he seemed to reach an inspiration.
She turned, to see an unfamiliar expression on her mother’s face: hesitant and open. Mama patted the bed and, uncharacteristically obedient, Elizabeth sank down beside her.
. Hard to believe. Walking through dew-soaked grass towards he chapel of the d’Ancona hunting lodge at dawn, sleep still in her eyes, supported by her witnesses: Nancy McAllister on her left and Mrs Annesley on her right. Julian, in sober leather hunting garb, turning from the altar to see her progress down the aisle with a blaze in his eyes that lit an answering fire deep inside her. The priest, who it seemed had expected something quite other and who seemed overwhelmed by the frank eagerness of her responses. Kissing Julian in the bridal chamber, frantically, wonderfully, for what felt like hours, while he apologised that – given all that lay ahead, promises given and tasks to achieve – they dare risk nothing more by way of consummation lest all be wrecked at the last.
“And without you, how’d we have known that, eh? Let alone how we’d have guessed it’s
“Does it not occur to you to wonder why a regiment should be overwintered on Meryton, of all places?”
Elizabeth’s eyes narrowed. “Mama! What are you about?”
He had been given a mission. That mission had
“Crispian would go fishing or shooting with Fitzwilliam or playing at soldiers round the old peel tower and Julian would be left with me. I think he’d rather have gone with his brother, but he was too well mannered to leave me. He had tremendously good manners, even as a little boy. His terrier once got at my doll and tore its body quite to bits – I was heartbroken, but he told me to leave her to him, he’d look after her, and next time he came he brought her back as good as new, with a fresh wig and a new body and dress, all trimmed with scraps of real fur. He had persuaded his mother’s tiring maid to help him repair her.” She dropped her voice. “It’s impossible to imagine Julian turned brigand.”
think it at all flattering to be compared to something with green skin and long skinny arms, who drags shepherd boys into the river on hot summer days and holds them underwater until they die?” Molly complained to her cousin. Much to the sycophants’ annoyance he had been allotted the singular honour of sharing her barge during the journey upstream.
an altar.”
. As so often at home, Charlotte felt the tight, unhappy clenching in her insides that told her she had, once again, been clumsy. Not the physical clumsiness of her sister Maria, but a more profound mental clumsiness, where she could not see what she had tripped over even when she was (metaphorically speaking) on the floor feeling for bruises.
It was not as if the thought had not occurred before. But he had shrunk from it. Now someone else had voiced it, there was no escaping the taste of bitter aloes.
“Lady Anthea!”
The letter was ended, but Elizabeth’s turmoil of soul only just beginning.
“Very recently, however, a new rumour has begun to be whispered in the Palace: a rumour that before Mycroft I rode out on his last campaign, he contracted a secret marriage with his then mistress. There were further rumours that she bore a son, after the King’s own death. And also that that son survived infancy.”
“Sherlock, are you completely
She tilted her head, considering. “My suitor did not seem as cast down as I’d expected. And I sometimes felt – no, I sometimes
to dance this dance with me. Let us sit it out in the arbour. I need to talk to you, and this oh-so-overblown
“But your own men are loyal?”
“Arabella! Come with me or I’ll call Captain Lennox and have him carry you.”
From his suddenly wry expression he had read something of her thought.
“Not for some while, perhaps.” Julian stroked his chin, hoping the gesture made him look older. “But the marshes along the western road bog down heavy wagons in all but the driest parts of the summer, and the flies make that way a torment in all seasons when it’s passable. And there is not shipping enough in the three kingdoms to send all Gondal’s freight by sea. Provided we make our toll rates known, I daresay there’ll be some willing to pay them, even on top of the King’s.”
Elizabeth reminded herself it was all of a piece with Mr Darcy’s cavalier assumption that he could ignore his father’s bequest of a competency to Mr Wickham and the King’s justices would not lift a finger to assist the injured party. Perhaps, she thought with angry scorn, that story itself was common gossip in Gondal Town.
However frustrated Elizabeth might be that better acquaintance with Miss Darcy had been interrupted, the genuine warmth with which Mr Bingley greeted her and claimed the right to be introduced to her aunt and uncle had a cheering effect. The particular intonation he used when asking her if
“It was no choices of d’Ancona that brought matters to this pass. Thank you, gentlemen. Secure the valuables, and tell the wounded men I commend their sacrifice, and will visit them before long.”
“Enough!” The King’s balled fist hit the wall behind her left ear. “Answer my questions, only. Did my sister, Lady Molly Hooper, attend your gambling parties or not?”
one hears? When in this particular case I am doing nothing more dangerous than visiting one of my wife’s relations?”
“Fall in, men. At the double.”
Tentatively, Giulio selected the middle cup of the three. Either from good manners or because Jonathan’s barb had landed true, he did not venture to raise it before he had seen Frances take a sip from her own cup.
Mrs Gardiner smiled. “You should not assume, Lizzie, that conduct someone applauds in a play is likely to be welcome if translated into the domestic circle.”
says, Lady Abruzzi’s husband was foully murdered at the hand of the man who then took over his regiment. I owe my life to Colonel Abruzzi. I was the greenest and youngest of ensigns; he, a new-minted captain. We found ourselves in a tight spot and I would have died there had it not been for his resolution and tactical genius.”
Harriet suppressed an obvious retort. Clarence was not deaf, save when he chose to be. His non-appearance must, therefore, be put down to his feeling unequal to company at this late hour. Further, he shrank from the messily physical, with a scholar’s combination of disgust and disdain. Anyone who presumed to think that Clarence, merely by virtue of his sex, was better suited to reduce a dislocated shoulder than the daughter and sister of Royal physicians was a fool, and an arrogant one, too, however magnificent his estate.
a trifle to suit his audience, but
his lady charges were being held captive in some remote location, away from this – whatever this complex was (something between a fortified farmhouse and a barracks, he thought, and judging by the incessant hammering, in the process of being significantly enlarged and rendered more defensible.)
.” She was quoting someone, but whom? She grasped for an elusive memory, tone and stress suddenly came together and she remembered.
Next morning saw her changing into her finest morning dress, a procedure which was complicated by her cousin’s insistent urgings from the landing that she hurry herself, lest she make the party late, and that she omit not an iota of care in her preparation, lest the lack of attention to appearance be interpreted as a slur on the royal guest at Rosings. After one final struggle to dissuade Mr Collins from having the gardener’s boy accompany them in the character of a page, she and Charlotte were permitted to set off across Rosings Park, now adorned in all the finery which spring could lend it.
“Anything,” Charlotte breathed. Tears stood in the corners of her eyes. Elizabeth’s conscience struck her a sharp blow, but she persisted, nonetheless.
“So, Miss Duplessis, another splendid day, is it not? At times like this, one can see why they call this region ‘the garden of Gondal’.”
He turned towards his friend and his words died on his lips. Darcy looked more gorgon-like than ever, but his petrifying wrath was directed solely at Caroline’s unconscious back. His words, when they came, were uttered with the most repulsive formality.
Her body felt ridiculous: heavy, clammy and not hers at at all. What on earth –?
Miss Hooper nodded gratefully.
The other woman’s voice was flat, as if repeating a lesson learned by rote.
Her point carried at last and her hosts departed across the park to Rosings.
“So it was
The housekeeper nodded. “Yes; an express came yesterday. We expect Miss Georgiana and the master here by dinner time tomorrow, with a large party of friends.”
. A cold finger ran right down Harriet’s spine.
“Do not try to confine her, my dear. She is no barnyard fowl, but a falcon. Or perhaps a reed heron. They, too, blend patiently into the sedge, awaiting the moment to strike. And this
have privacy. I will not let false consciousness of rank get between me and what I must have.”
“Your friend Miss Lucas is a martyr indeed.” The corners of Wickham’s mouth turned upwards in a deliciously wicked smile as he watched the dance floor from the nook he had found for the two of them alone. “Your cousin, whatever his other qualities, never received the blessing of Terpsichore on his cradle.”
“I cannot see Miss Hooper, daughter of Sir Vernon Hooper of Netherfield, in the role of procuress Royal,” she hazarded, by way of whistling in the dark.
His countenance opened into a smile. “I am happy you made her acquaintance. She has always lacked companionship; the companionship of sensible women near her own age, I mean.”
The Blessed Virgin had answered her prayers, no matter
The emphasis on
His eyes were cool and assessing.
“I prefer to think that it was the thoughtfulness of your cousin – what was that?”
Julian paused, the next words heavy in his mouth. He had carried them for weeks, since they had been vouchsafed to him in a stinking bothy on the far side of the River Zalon.
“But how can I help?”
“A blessing on this venture, my lord. Our Queen will know of your valour.”
Strain sent Elizabeth into a desperate mood. Her shafts of wit were fired high and with a fevered brilliance that almost frightened her. Her efforts stimulated all around her. Wickham, indeed, went so far as to hint of Court rumours to the effect Mr Darcy was understood to be waiting only for the expiry of the King’s mourning year to pay his addresses in form to his cousin, Miss Hooper.
respectable women. Let us find a wineshop.”
Mostly, the vase contained damask roses. The rose gardens were one of the glories of Pemberley: planted by his great-grandmother, cherished by his grandmother, extended and transfigured by his mother. But the roses’ heavy, rich scent was cut through by a sharper, herbal smell, with an undercurrent of something acrid.
It was as well she had taken this precaution. Judging from the hectic flush in her cheeks and the flashes of anger in her eyes, Lizzie’s encounter with her ladyship (who had taken herself off without even the barest courtesy of farewell) had plainly been a stormy one, even if Harriet’s civil hints to her daughter to reveal the substance of the conversation were deflected.
Lizzie would win, no doubt; she had inherited her facility with words from her father, as well as her dark good looks. Lizzie, at least, could be trusted to lend the earrings to Jane, whom they suited so well, whenever it was most necessary for Jane to make an impression. Were she to make a present of them to her eldest, Kitty or Lydia would constantly demand them and Jane would yield every time and never get a chance to wear them herself.
The lady made an emphatic, slicing gesture of dismissal.
A woman whom the Pretender of Gondal would allow to sketch him as he slept was not, surely, a woman whom mere coincidence had brought to Elbe. Not at such a time.
“Trust me, my dear. That is not summer thunder. Now. Up the hill. To the ruined fort. Run.”
The man behind the desk smiled.
“Are you afraid he will procrastinate altogether and leave it to the next generation to purchase?”
He found himself at the small church again, kneeling in the chapel before the altar, groping for the words in which he had once found comfort. But, again, they slipped and eluded him, and he felt that, should he find the temerity to receive, he would find on his tongue not the body of Christ, nor even plain bread, but stone.
“Is that so? Giulio. Rely on me. Stay within call, but not too near. I will have private speech with this man. And, should our guests wake, ensure they don’t disturb us.”
Molly tipped up her head, like a flower turning to the sun after rain. Harriet was lost.
She could not quite catch Mycroft’s next remark, so low did he speak, but it sounded rather like
But the point is moot. Given she has spent over two weeks captive in a bandit camp, who will marry Georgiana now?”
Only a fool would be at ease in his cousin’s presence, but this room in particular seemed chosen to intimidate under the guise of putting visitors at their ease. Despite numerous little touches aimed at giving an air of charming informality, the great oil painting hanging over the fireplace dominated the space: the King’s parents, Crown Prince Gerald and Lady Elaine Butler, on the occasion of their betrothal forty years ago. Who knew what remote cubby-hole it had languished in during the reign of King Ambrosine XVII, whose estrangement from his father had been legendary? One of James Moriarty’s first acts on ascending the throne had been to have it hauled out and hung in his inner Palace sanctum, and Darcy had little doubt as to the message his cousin had intended to send by it.
As the two groups parted, the carriage-and-horses group towards whatever extravagance by way of Sunday dinner had been bespoke at Rosings and the walking party towards Hunsford high street, Elizabeth could only reflect that Colonel Fitzwilliam, at least on first acquaintance, seemed a great deal more amiable than his cousin.
She drew him towards the first floor suite of rooms, which had already been put in excellent order for the use of his Grace the King.
She surrendered to the inevitable. “Please feel free to speak, sir. You may be confident in my discretion.”
“Now, Lizzie, recall you know nothing of the capital, and be sure to hold your froward tongue!”
Meryton had been transformed. A company of men were being drilled by the market cross. Another company was digging latrine trenches on the water-meadows below the church. Teams of men, stripped to the waist but nevertheless sweating in the unseasonable heat, dragged field pieces into the incipient camp. A quartermaster with an outsize roll of paper directed carters towards Farmer Armstrong’s tithing barn. Farmer Armstrong himself stood on the corner, arms folded, looking like a man who had already lost one argument that morning but would not let that stop him having another should opportunity present. The landlord of Meryton’s principal inn was locked in remonstrance with a bored-looking ensign. Off to the side the prettiest of his serving maids, her dress half-off one shoulder, sat on the way stone which proclaimed that Gondal Town was 8 leagues away, weeping quietly to herself.
“I might join them. Though death in a ditch is less than he deserves. Thank you for this intelligence. I shall ensure it reaches the Queen.”
“That, my lord, is why my lady has been driven to pawn her jewels. She could speak to her man of business and ask him to put her in funds to cover her losses but she is terrified he might tell you and you would judge her. But I swear, my lord, that she is only doing this because she has no other outlet. She worries over her cousin Georgiana, she truly does. She tries to focus on her needlework, but work so fine cannot be practised for more than a few hours a day and after her eyes and fingers give out she has nothing to do
It was, the tabbies of Gondal concluded, an utterly satisfactory scandal.
A regiment in Meryton: the town had not known such excitement during all the time Harriet had lived at Longbourn. The girls were wild for the officers, and their excitement proved contagious. It was like being back in those heady first days at Court.
What followed that confession was all she could have hoped for in her wildest dreams. He frankly confessed he had intervened in Lydia’s matter for Elizabeth’s sake and that alone; he confessed that his own feelings from the spring were unchanged, but undertook to stay silent on the matter forever is she did not return those feelings.
“Let me: it opens like this –”
“Lieutenant Brenzaida? I trust I find you in health – at least, so far as your recent privations permit?”
First among the company, his Grace the Duke of Malham, arguably the third most powerful man in Gondal, newly returned from a diplomatic mission to the Sublime Porte.
“I can.” His voice was firm. “With funds which I am readily able to liquidate, together with the funds I can – as you point out – raise by mortgaging Pemberley I can pay a quarter of a million thaler on the appointed day. Better still, should I let Pemberley, I shall be able to live in modest style while repaying the mortgage. But in addition, by adopting some respectable calling, I should be able to discharge my obligations so much the sooner. I have friends in Gondal Town whose advice on my next steps in that direction I expect to find invaluable.”
Jeanette signalled an under-maid to take the dinner gown away for attention, leaving them briefly alone. Their eyes met.
A line of Mr Darcy’s scratched, painstaking handwriting became suddenly, oppressively vivid:
and confusion to the Pretender! I am John Watson’s niece. I was born with a foot in both camps. Today is when I finally choose my colours.”
“You have? I suppose such creatures batten on all of rank and fortune. I must remind my confidential secretary to return any further missives which arrive in that hand. Unopened.”
For one iota in time Harriet saw Clarence open, unguarded, vulnerable. The thousand agonising thoughts that had gone through her own mind when the courier galloped in (two daughters from home, a brother in a hostile land) she saw mirrored in Clarence’s face. Then, abruptly, the shutters came down. It was all she could do not to cry aloud from sheer frustration. It was her own fault, though. Papa had tried to warn her, years ago, when Clarence had gone to him to ask for her hand.
“You may ask. I may choose not to answer.”
“So I surmised, when from a high hill in the south of the district I surveyed your troop’s erratic progress down the road. Tell me, Trooper Musgrave, have you
Somehow, Elizabeth sensed there was more that Miss Hooper could say, if she would.
There could be no demurral to a request phrased so close to an order, not from a ‘Mary Arba’. As they made their preparations, Charlotte hovered by Elizabeth’s shoulder, her face pinched and wan. Charlotte’s air was that of one who teeters on the edge of a confidence. However, the ruthless urgency with which Molly manoeuvred her little expedition into position, commandeering Giulio into carrying the sketching equipment, water bottles &c, left no space for private conversation. Almost before Elizabeth knew what was afoot they were in motion to the harbour.
His nervous tongue swept across dry lips.
“Did you not? Well, I could be wrong. Men under poppy-draughts after surgery babble of a great deal. I confess, it tends to blur in one’s head, after a while. And again, soldiers seem to dream of spoils that allow them to buy taverns, rather than grander aspirations. Cut some of that fresh bracken by your side, if you’ll be so good; I need to wrap my catch. I’d hate to see a good fish go to waste. Share it with your mess, to celebrate the taking of a notorious traitor, eh?”
“Did the storm keep you from sleeping, also? Was it not loud?”
His thoughts skittered. Suppose
Elizabeth blinked. She chose her words very carefully. “We are, indeed. But you are also the sister of the King, and the cousin of –” The words
at the State Ball.
It was therefore a shock (and not a pleasant one) when, on arriving at the church one early September morning, she found not the tall, crane-like figure that she had been expecting kneeling before the reliquary in the side chapel but a small, round-faced priest with a dusty, dishevelled appearance.
While honouring all that Colonel Fitzwilliam intended, Elizabeth could not but feel that it might have been better for an orphaned little girl not to have grown up constantly reminded of how many sacrifices had been made for her sake. She could not imagine Lady Catherine would have left her in ignorance of them. Since letting slip any hint of these thoughts would be imprudent, she elected to change the subject.
“The richest heiress in Gondal, reduced to pawning her jewels to pay her gaming debts? How much did she
“Quite so. Nor – so your father tells me – were any of his connexions on the Council willing to intervene. They feared it might be taken as evidence of complicity in whatever plot the Tower’s examiners uncovered.”
“So, Colonel Fitzwilliam, the park is just coming into its summer beauties, and Lady Catherine was talking of pic-nics and parties of pleasure. Will you be taking part in them, or do you and your cousin plan to leave Rosings before then?”
“My cousin Collins, who will be at liberty to turn you and our daughters out of Longbourn as soon as the last breath leaves my body.”
“If it’s an inch, sir.”
“We’ll only find that out by finding them. Back to the villa it is, then. They know all the houses that are let to summer visitors, the value of each one of them to a one-cent piece and who’s rented them from day to day. Stands to reason they do. It’s their business, after all. So, if a carriageful of ladies arrived within the last fortnight, they’ll know it and where they’re lodged.”
“Um. Well. Miss Hooper’s late father, Sir Vernon Hooper, used to be a neighbour of our families in Meryton. Indeed, it was his father who built Netherfield. Miss Hooper was born there.”
Georgiana looked up from her embroidery, alerted by the uncharacteristically flustered note in Mrs Reynolds’ voice. Colonel Fitzwilliam often joked that running Pemberley took at least as much effort as running a regiment and the housekeeper had far fewer staff officers to assist her. Yet Georgiana had never heard Mrs Reynolds raise her voice, or seen her serenity ruffled, not even during the last terrible days of Papa’s illness.
Without giving Darcy time to respond, the bandit Duke walked out into the moonlight. It made Julian d’Ancona’s face an All Souls’ mask of bone and shadows. The boy Darcy had known was gone forever, beyond grieving. This man was a stranger: lean, intense and, he doubted not at all, very, very dangerous.
“Amen to that,” Miss Hooper said grimly. “But, to business. I spent some days during the early summer with Miss Elizabeth Duplessis at Elbe and would be honoured to welcome her to our family, should she be willing to join it. But – please, cousin, do not take this as a personal affront – but situated as we are, you cannot in all conscience ask the lady to marry you without warning her that
The King assumed a now-we’re-getting-there expression. “And was my sister successful in her play?”
“I think, Lizzie, when we return we shall try to prevail upon Jane to accompany us to Gondal Town.”
The deck above rang with pounding footsteps and barked, contradictory orders. Jonathan knelt by his trunk, trying by force of will to blot out the pain in his shoulder, which last night’s rough voyage had aggravated to screaming pitch. Saints alive, surely the wit of man could discover some less penitential mode of sleeping at sea than swinging in a net?
“Would they do the same for a daughter?”
Years of self-control gave Darcy the advantage. He nodded a brief acknowledgement to the King, then fixed the officer with a glare as cold and precise as he could command.
Revenge smelt delightful in her nostrils. But in truth –
“Suppose, when matters start to go awry, you break in with a new matter. Strictly speaking, as you said, you ought to recuse yourself from Georgiana’s matter anyway, so your changing the subject will be seen as nothing remarkable.”
He had lost track of the days; Sunday meant nothing to him. In any event, the stark unreason of Sally’s words caught him short.
help?”
A little later, she sat at her writing desk.
“I might as well inquire why with so evident a desire of offending and insulting me, you chose to tell me that you liked me against your will, against your reason, and even against your character?”
little chat but Our diary is so crowded these days, that I am going to have to shoo you away. One last thing, before you go. There is to be a ball at the Palace this day week. I hope you will open it with my sister.”
A flicker of emotion crossed Wickham’s face, too quick for Elizabeth to interpret.
Mindful of his uncle’s warning about eavesdroppers, Darcy kept this thought to himself. Tamping down his temper, he made his final appeal.
“Dear God, that bad? Hasn’t it crossed your minds to desert?”
He was not to be had so easily.
“A lack of initiative can be as much to be reprobated as an excess. Had he been secured, he could have told us much. He might not have wanted to, but they all do. In the end.”
2 & 4, as their memorial plaque bore witness.) Molly and her belongings had found themselves out on the street that very day, no appeal permitted. That, not the whispered stories passed around by Harriet’s school-mates, had convinced her the Ogre was real.
Be here, at this hour tomorrow, my child, and may Christ’s blessings be upon you.”
“Rather the reverse, or so we hope. Conflicting accounts are swirling about, and I do not doubt fresher intelligence will already have reached the Palace, but from what one can tell there has been some serious estrangement between the King of Gaaldine and his brother, the Crown Prince. This week a proclamation in the pulpits and market-places of Gaaldine required Sherlock, Crown Prince of Gaaldine to surrender to his King’s authority within twenty-one days on pain of exile.”
She rapped Elizabeth’s knuckles smartly, to bring home the message. It stung, but Elizabeth – more shocked than she cared to admit by Mama’s near collapse in the hot lane, and, worse, by the flicker of recognition in Giulio’s eyes then his abruptly blank countenance before he turned away down the hill – made no retort. She stood a pace behind Mama, focussing on the slight, elegant figure at the far end of the parlour into which the servant had ushered them.
“You wish to turn Frances – you wish to turn
“Consider me delighted that I didn’t. I did hear Ensign Denny exercise his so-called wit on our cousin’s introducing himself to Mr Darcy and talking endlessly about
He had not been to Gondal Town for two years or more, but officers passing through the transit camp (few stayed at Deadholm Barracks: it was not a coveted posting) had dropped hints which chilled the blood. A forgetful old dowager had automatically added the words, “and the Princess Charis, may the Lord bless her and keep her in grace” after the prayers for the King in Mass one day and by nightfall been under house arrest. Those who had served under Colonel Abruzzi whispered details of his so-called “duel” which had not been allowed to become public knowledge. Abruzzi’s successor seemed himself to have dropped out of circulation. Mess nights had become almost sober, with each man eyeing his neighbour and wondering to whom he truly reported.
Lady Catherine had always spoke of her niece as “delicate”, which Elizabeth had mentally translated to “spoilt, sickly and cross.” Now she saw Miss Hooper in the flesh, she repented her hasty judgment. Miss Hooper’s pallor, the lines around her mouth, the violet hemispheres beneath her eyes and her thinness of face bespoke either intolerable stress or chronic pain. Attributing her current collapse to a cold caught on the road must be for mere form’s sake. The signs of persistent invalidism were too well-marked to be of recent occurrence. If only Elizabeth might summon Uncle John on the spot to make a proper diagnosis.
Since Molly had arrived at the age of ten, all letters which entered or left Rosings were open to her aunt’s scrutiny. To Aunt Catherine’s mind, her niece’s very thoughts were not her own.
He looked down at the letter and blenched.
“You have my solemn word I shall not breathe a syllable of this matter. But what has this to do with the King sending forty troopers to Rosings? Miss Hooper is already in Gondal Town, and, besides, this is not the Great North Road. Surely there can be no danger of bandits
As you can probably guess, Lady Catherine’s her relative. Or, to be strictly accurate, connexion. Her sister was Charis’ grandfather’s second wife.”
She had been one of Harriet’s fellow ladies of the bedchamber: the highest in rank (she was some distant cousin of the Queen herself) and yet the first to welcome the physician’s daughter into that close, jealous sisterhood. Flora’s graceful carriage and straight, silky, black hair had occupied many of Harriet’s better dreams during that dream-like period.
“People always do. I am only relieved that all you require of me this time is my wits and my abilities to make connections. Though, to be fair, I should have had to turn my attentions to Lord Moran even if there had been no lady in the case. But I rejoice that these hands were able to root out a thorn bush from your path.”
The sun beat down pitilessly. The soldiers spread out in a fan, sweeping through the undergrowth from side to side.
Although no-one could call her handsome, in that moment Miss Darcy looked most truly her brother’s sister. "You truly think so? What –”
“Yes, and look how that turned out! You should have heard what Denny said about it.”
She returned to the parlour, to find that Bingley, with the greatest good nature in the world, had proposed a round game, and all her daughters were in boisterous spirits about it.
Once come to Gondal Town, they would first make their duty to King Ambrosine. That held no terrors for Harriet. As waves scour a sandy beach, nothing remained of that long ago might-have-been. If he even remembered the incident (why should he?) his Grace would have thrown it into a basket labelled “virtue: female, unexplained”. Arranging the audience would have been no trouble. Her brother would have made all smooth and easy. He owed her that.
He dropped the contents of the leather purse onto the desk. The golden light of late afternoon slanted through the small-paned windows.
If he took the hint, he showed no signs of acting on it. He sat down for a few moments, and then, getting up, walked about the room in a manner so agitated that Elizabeth wondered what liquors had Lady Catherine been serving at her party. Not wishing to provoke him if her surmise were true, she remained silent, hoping he might come to his senses, and leave. Instead, his erratic perambulations about the room soon brought him close to her chair, at which point he burst into speech.
One of those fine-drawn brows arched. “Nothing? The signet ring on your little finger would feed a peasant family for a year.”
The Governor had been removed from office and remained under house arrest in the capital. Even if his fault had stopped at negligence, Elizabeth assumed such would have been his fate. But had it been negligence alone? Uncle John’s correspondence, frustratingly, dropped hints but did not carry them through. Could there have been treachery? If so, who else might be implicated?
Trooper Musgrave flicked up a quick salute, and departed along the indicated path at a smart trot before any counter order could be given. He was under no illusions: the insistence on finding a physician came entirely from the Sarge’s devious little mind. Their Rupert couldn’t find his arse with both hands and a flaming cresset, so the concept of covering the same against the wrath of those upstairs would be a foreign country to him.
Mrs Younge had intelligence to give him, Darcy knew, but how to persuade her? She was not desperate for money: the careful but not in the least pinched appearance of her boarding house told him so. Also, she knew to a quarter-cent the market value of discretion and of a reputation for possessing it. No personal regard for him or hope of further advantage from the connexion could weight the scales in his favour. Both knew that when – if – this particular matter was resolved there would be no further dealings between them. If she had what he sought, he would have to think of another way to unlock it.
“Where is Father Hunter?” she asked and then, conscious of appearing brusque, “that is, I had expected to see him here. I trust he is in health?”
Harriet considered asking him to stay to dine, but recalled in time Mrs Hill’s gloomy prognostications on the state of the Longbourn larder that very morning. Instead, she pressed an invitation for two days hence upon their visitor, and was gratified by his instant acceptance.
he done for a living before being swept up by the Crown Prince? What had the Crown Prince asked him to do afterwards, for that matter?
could provide: smoked fish-roe paste, mashed black olives with capers, garlicky cucumber in thickened sheep’s milk yoghurt, chick-peas pounded with garlic and sesame.
Jonathan and the chambermaid jointly rolling their eyes.
It turned out to be unexpectedly easy to deal with Armstrong’s problems. Once Darcy loomed menacingly over the ensign in question and uttered magical phrases such as
“Perhaps, ma’am, the times are changing. The present Mr Darcy has done a very great deal to improve the district, even more than his father before him. Last year, when the harvest was poor, many families would have gone without had it not been for road improvement schemes and bridge-building he put in hand and now a family who fled France because of the religious wars have started a silk manufactory in Lambton and all are saying that Mr Darcy has leased the land at a peppercorn to them, provided only that they take two apprentices a year with no premium asked and teach them the trade too.”
Elizabeth would have remonstrated, but a massive sneezing fit overcame her. That, of course, decided the matter. Jane stood over her while she downed a cup of spiced wine, laden with nose-streaming quantities of pepper and ginger. Then, the sheets on the bed in the tiny room above the portico being pronounced both aired and warm, she made the most perfunctory of toilettes and slid between them, her aching limbs and pounding headache easing beneath the caress of the fragrant linen.
“Did he say that, indeed? He seems a man whose opinion is worth having. So what did he think about Miss Duplessis?”
, Mrs Reynolds and Mrs Annesley had both agreed, for the heiress of Pemberley to arrive on a visit to her cousin the King without the choicest selections of her wardrobe,
Would it make him happy?
“Boots, damn your eyes!”
Sure, that chance had lifted him to his current heights, and for years he had preferred not to contemplate the human cost of that ascension.
They ambled along the main street, their horses on a loose rein. Charles felt his heart lurch within him and a second later identified the cause. The fair-haired girl standing amid a group of women talking to one of the officers was indeed his own angel, not merely someone bearing an uncanny resemblance. He spurred his horse forward, hoping that something could be contrived from the formalities of neighbourly civility: perhaps an invitation to the ladies to take tea at Netherfield, if Caroline could be cajoled into doing the honours.
The Crown Prince shrugged. “Words, only. My wife’s safety depends on my taking all necessary steps for her protection, will-I, nil-I. This attack is aimed at Charis. We need to turn it back on itself. I can imitate John’s hand with a facility which would astound you. But I need to sound plausible when writing. And I need to somehow tease out anything John’s niece knows of X. Will you give me assurance of your aid?”
girl who imperilled Charis’s party.”
“The letter from John’s niece came by an unusual route. The ship carrying it sailed from Elbe, the southernmost port on Gondal’s eastern seaboard. As you would expect, we keep a close eye on all vessels originating from that quarter. The franking on the letter caught my eye immediately. It had been issued under the authority of a very great lady: Lady Catherine de Bourgh.”
After a pause which seemed to last for a thousand years, Darcy raised his whip to his hat, barely. The officer, in turn, raised his own hand in reciprocation. Then Darcy turned his mare’s head with a savage emphasis which made Charles fear both for her mouth and for his friend’s state of mind. He had time only for a despairing and apologetic glance over his shoulder in the general direction of Miss Duplessis, before his mare plunged after her stable-mate.
“Will I not? Will I not?”
Molly paused. "My pardons. Charlotte. The morning is cool and early, we are both wakeful when our companion is not –”
“And it didn’t occur to you to tell me earlier?”
“Cousin, Uncle, are you not both forgetting something? At this precise moment, I am the richest person in this room.” She favoured them both with a small, tight smile. “To be strictly accurate, my brother excepted, I am the richest person in this
“Then, as a loyal subject, nothing would please me more than relieving the anxieties of the King. Provided I can do so without harm to my own honour or that of anyone else.”
So the King had been forced by the loss of his chosen men to look to the preceding generation. Prince Gerald’s late adherents, those used to covering up dirty business – for a price – could not have been cheap to purchase. Those payments would have been demanded not just in money but in position.
“I’m going away. I’m going up to Gondal Town to see my uncle and aunt, and to help find Lydia.”
for more money. But the King will most surely enoble anyone who marries his sister, it being impossible, of course, for him to confer a title on Miss Hooper directly.”
“Let’s get that rope off your wrists. We’ll be moving out soon, and you’ll need to start getting the feeling back into your hands before anyone expects you to hold a horse’s reins with them.”
Charlotte leant forwards. “Perhaps, ma’am, you might appeal to your brother?”
“Do not make yourself uneasy, my love. Wherever you and Jane are known you must be respected and valued; and you will not appear to less advantage for having a couple of—or I may say, three—very silly sisters. We shall have no peace at Longbourn if Lydia does not go to Lake Elderno. Let her go, then. Colonel Forster is a sensible man, and will keep her out of any real mischief; and she is luckily too poor to be an object of prey to anybody. At Lake Elderno she will be of less importance even as a common flirt than she has been here. The officers will find women better worth their notice. Let us hope, therefore, that her being there may teach her her own insignificance. At any rate, she cannot grow many degrees worse, without authorising us to lock her up for the rest of her life.”
“It risked troubling the Court. It was wise for her to seek refuge in the country immediately after news came of Reaching Beck, rather than stay to let rumours start. Such a deplorable sink of gossip, the palace. One has to contrive an escape from it, however one can. How went her stay at Rosings?”
“There could scarcely be a greater, ma’am, if it were brought home to Gondal. No King’s Council would readily refuse to support a declaration of outright war in such a case. Most members would be urging the King onwards.”
my brother cannot abide being thwarted and you are likely – at best – to find yourself stripped of your estates as thoroughly as the Duke of Malham was and with
“Unlucky? The carriage accident was a misfortune, but we have fallen among friends. The family here could not have been kinder.”
“My silence. Of course.”
Frances’ inner natural philosopher noted that the human jaw did, indeed, drop when confronted with a statement impossible to comprehend. Lady Anthea, it seemed, found the spectacle fascinating. It was some moments before Frances regained control of her tongue.
“Sir! Here!” The shout sent game birds rocketing out of the undergrowth. Darcy’s head went up. He could see the soldier in the far distance, his arms windmilling frantically. He broke into a run, cursing the small trees which caught at his garments.
The beauties of the river and the littlenesses of the Court absorbed all the rest of their conversation, until at last the barge touched on the edge of a greensward fringed with birch, beech and hazel. Her brother the King was on the water’s edge to help his sister from the barge, but his gaze went first to his cousin, who nodded.
Jonathan could have snapped his fingers in triumph. He had been right. Hers was the voice of a sister deploring the latest scrape in which an adored but feckless younger brother had entangled himself. The fish was hooked; now all he had to do was land it.
“But King Ambrosine XVII did inherit. And he was known as the very pattern of a monarch.”
Lizzie was already moving into position to steady the startled young man. Jane, facing Mr Bingley, gave him a tremulous nod.
“Really? Well, no matter. It is a most imperfect analogy, in any event. But this letter is a line flung out, baited with John’s family feeling. Left to himself, he would send a short, bland response to his niece, shutting down further approaches lest they be diverted or suborned.”
No. In the end she had refused him for the sake of the Queen, who had never enjoined such loyalty on her ladies-in-waiting, nor, overtly, blamed them when they failed to show it.
Elizabeth shook her head, as if to deter the attentions of a buzzing fly.
She rose to her feet, keeping steady with difficulty. “I collect, Mama, that you said that the evening service in the Cathedral had the finest choir in all Gondal, and that it would be a shame for me not to hear it while I am in town? I daresay we will be returning soon to Longbourn so this may be the last opportunity I have. And I beg you, Mama, do not waste time wondering about whether or not I would accept Mr Darcy’s offer. No such offer will ever be made. I am persuaded that the King himself would be a more likely suitor for my affections.”
Mrs Annesley, sitting backwards, reached out and took her hand.
"The very thing! I have been wishing so hard for Jane to have a little distraction. Here, all our walks remind us of Bingley, and Mama –”
Her eyes danced.
“A warning that – painful as it may be to her – correspondence with Gaaldine had better cease until the times are more congruent. And she’s to burn it once she’s read it; that, most of all.”
Afterwards, long afterwards, Elizabeth wondered how Mama could have known. Caught in the moment, she simply gaped. Before she could say anything, though, Mama rose decisively to her feet.
"Those wars, sir, were problems for the last generation. We are in the here and now. I am to send back my answer within the turn. If I do not –”
“If it’s Lizzie’s answer you’re worried about, as her Mama I am persuaded that if she really were set against accepting an offer from you, sir, she would have no hesitation in telling me. Or, for that matter, you. She always was a wilful, outspoken, headstrong girl. But I tried to broach the subject, and all I got was that she had no hopes of such an honour, which, as you will appreciate, sir, is as much encouragement as is seemly for any girl of character to give to a gentleman whose proposal is, as yet, hypothetical.”
“So-called,” Brenzaida interjected hurriedly.
"Georgiana Darcy has protection neither you nor – I strongly suspect – your brother imagines. As for yourself –”
“Ha. Indifferent roads; there you have it. Such things would never happen in this district.”
Would it be prudent, though? One did not have to pay too much attention to the wilder stories circulating about the new King to hesitate to enter into a correspondence with someone deep in Gaaldine court circles, even a close blood relative.
–and to wreak suitable vengeance.
“That, I can understand. But let me tell you what else I know of James Moriarty. If your mind is pliable at present, this may set your opinion for you.”
made restoration in part. When the mutiny erupts, sir, do not fear I will not fight and die at your side. But you should know before I do so that my sympathies will be with the mutineers.”
The news that the sawbones had been successfully rounded up and despatched up to the great house to minister to the young lady put Sarge in such a good mood that he told the troop that they could consider themselves off-duty until the state of the young lady’s health had been reported upon. Trooper Musgrave sidled up to his messmates, waving the salmon as token.
“Indeed, Colonel Fitzwilliam, I have found it a most delightful place; so sheltered and fruitful. Did you spend much time here as a child?”
Jonathan rested back on his heels. “Well, ma’am, Dr Watson is one of the best of men. I’ve cause enough to know it, and I’ve little doubt but I could bring a regiment of men, near enough, that he’d treated in the field, and they’d all say the same. They’d do anything for a niece of his.”
“I did not say that. Yes, it is the kind of thing he might do, for me. But I would not ask it. Tell me, Miss Duplessis, I understand there has been a regiment quartered on Meryton these five months. How has the town coped?”
mug per man would be most acceptable, ma’am. We’ll not drain your barrel:
had not spent the last twenty years trying (and mostly failing) to run a country estate on a shoestring, starting from a position of blank, town-bred ignorance. If he had, he would not assume that women knew nothing of butchery. Nor would he assume them unaware how thin the line ran between privation and plenty, even for minor gentry. The difference, one might say, between saving blood to make black puddings and wantonly letting it swirl down the drain. The difference between avoiding inconvenient truths in front of a daughter’s wealthy suitor and rubbing his nose in them.
presence at his wedding to another would render it the reverse of clandestine.”
He flinched. At, Frances adjudged, the precise moment when he was at his most demoralised, she leant forward.
She shivered and looked back over her shoulder.
alone, to say nothing of the lives lost. Uncle, you know the Northern hunting lodge. It can be no exaggeration that in an assault where it was defended by a determined force we would suffer casualties in hundreds or thousands, while the defenders spent them in tens or dozens.”
She gestured towards the window. “In my childhood, those hills were bare, or bore only spindly little saplings. The old growth was destroyed in a forest fire, years before I was born. But now, look how beautifully wooded they are!”
Not, in truth, that she was minded to object. The beauties she had glimpsed from the road proved even more enchanting as they approached the sea. The argosy itself, once they reached the quayside, was an imposing, towering beast, the port itself a bustling delight, full of exotic smells and sights. She found a convenient palm to give shade, and with Giulio’s help arranged Molly’s stool, stand and parasol to that lady’s satisfaction.
“It has left Rosings, I take it?” the little priest observed mildly.
any of her daughters for their half-formed, never-known brother, yet still she wondered. If she could have carried the boy to term or, say, if Jane had been John or Mary, Martin would Clarence love her still? Had Clarence ever loved her? Or had she been just the woman there, at the right time, to breed (irony piled on irony) the son to save his ancestral estates?
It was like being in Papa’s study; Elizabeth felt that same sense of being set a puzzle to work out, with the fear of disappointing her hearer ever present. That last conversation with Colonel Fitzwilliam, mingled with recollections of Meryton dinner-tables with the officers present, floated into her mind.
She reached out a hand, and grasped his wrist.
“I’m sure I can’t think what Charlotte has to write so much about,” Mama observed disagreeably.
Tears welled up: whether of helplessness, relief or temper she hardly knew or cared. She took a step backwards. Mycroft caught her elbow in a firm grip. Her vision cleared and she gasped at her proximity to the crumbling balustrade.
Her hand strayed to her bodice. Since shortly after her return from Gaaldine, she had had Jeannette sew secret pockets into all her clothes, big enough to hold a handful of precious stones or a number of gold pieces.
“Unless –?”
“Might you introduce me to your friends, Miss Duplessis?”
He gave the most thorough possible consideration to the consequences of his proposed course of action (most of which were unpleasant, and several entailed torture.)
He blew another smoke ring. “Even those who have lived all their lives in the three kingdoms find that difficult. It is not just the dialect, though that is tricky enough. More, it is penetrating into the minds of the songs’ framers. Love and murder wound together endlessly: the bower fair with roses and lilies, beside the midden within which the head of one’s enemy rots. And always, within each story, beings from the other-world watch from the shadows, awaiting the step onto the wrong path or a false answer given to a riddle.”
She had been half-hoping for Papa’s companionship when she abandoned her chamber and, the letter still half-read in her hand, made her way to the library. It fell to the butler to announce her father had been called away by his forester to some crisis caused, she gathered, by troops from the encampment having wantonly chopped down a covert of thriving young beech trees.
Darcy sounded bitter. “Why your surprise, cousin? Moran is intimate with Prince James: also, for all his many faults, a thorough soldier. The command of a crack regiment might be thought an honour long overdue.”
With such companions on her journey, even the sight of her cousin outside the door of their house with Charlotte tucked two paces behind him came as a relief.
She nodded. “Go on.”
The very next day, while she was idly watching the street from the window of her in room, a carriage drew up outside. The coachman’s livery gave away who the new arrivals must be even before Mr Darcy and a very tall, solidly-built young lady emerged. Elizabeth spun away from the window, towards the mirror, grasping for a hairbrush. She had completed a hurried toilette before the chambermaid, tapping on the door, announced in a flustered whisper that there were visitors come to call.
The last remove of the elaborate banquet was produced, praised and eaten. The subtleties were duly admired; the iced pudding gasped at. The Countess led the ladies upstairs to dress; the Earl ordered the brandy decanters circulated around the gentlemen for one last round of drinks before they, too, headed upstairs to change.
“You have clear sight, soldier. Perhaps he whom you serve should have sent you into the navy, instead.”
The Gaaldinian permitted himself a devil-grimace, like those one saw carved on rood-screens in back-country churches.
“The lady will receive you in the blue drawing-room, sir. Would sir wish to refresh himself before doing so? The roads begin to be very dusty, now full summer is upon us.”
– deprived Elizabeth of any expectation of what she might find in the remainder.
Gentle as she seemed, Mrs Annesley was inexorable. “But surely, they are orders from the King for Georgiana’s welfare. His Grace cannot possibly mean you to risk her health by setting out prematurely – surely, you may interpret his order in the spirit, rather than the letter? Miss Georgiana Darcy cannot possibly leave Pemberley today.”
“And those very facts would put Jane in all the more danger: especially the last. Have you no inkling why his late Grace chose to marry his daughter into a family which could put thirty thousand troops into the field should anyone challenge the match?”
The last few days had been trying. Even the prospect of tea and of having Pemberley to herself at last (except for Mrs Annesley, who did not count) failed entirely to soothe Georgiana’s ruffled spirits.
The hand on her arm clasped a little tighter.
When they were relaxing round the fire, replete and passing a skin of Pemberley wine between them – young, thin, but by no means contemptible in flavour – Trooper Musgrave, judging the time to be ripe, murmured, “Trust me. I’ve got a bad feeling about this. I’ve heard one or two things. Suppose I tell you about them? Then we can work out what to do. Together.”
And yarrow.
“Truly, it was those memories that resolved me that I should require none of the girls to torment themselves – or others – with music, unless they truly had a taste for it.”
she deduced.
“Mrs Annesley, do you think it’s true? I mean, that it’s really the Duke of Malham’s younger son who’s behind cutting the Great North Road and kidnapping the bishop?”
“Prettier than her cousin’s wife by a long chalk, and a good seven years younger, at a guess, though from what he said, living with this Mr Collins would age any woman beyond their years. But they were good friends, better than a lot of women. The women had grown up together, he said: the cousin’s wife had been a Miss Lucas before she married, and she and this Miss Duplessis had been neighbours in some place called Meryton, about thirty leagues north of here, t’other side of Gondal Town.”
“Listen to reason, boy. Listen to strategy. We
“Well, her aunt Lady Catherine would surely wear such honours with far more befitting pomp. Such a shy, mousy creature –” Belatedly, Elizabeth realised she was on the brink of a precipice of indiscretion. “At least, so my mother always told me. Miss Hooper lived at Netherfield as a child, did you know? Her harpischord playing made a considerable impression on Mama – not, I’m afraid, a favourable one. You know how my sister Mary plays? Well, I cannot tell you how often I have heard, ‘La, child, you give me the head-ache. You remind me of little mousy Miss Hooper, before your sister Jane was born. How we all suffered through ‘tinkly-tink, plonkety-plonk’ – aye, accurate to the note, but with less spirit than a Mohammedan doctor’s teething water.’”
“There’s no time left, John. Look after Thetis for me, please. Adair is the most generous of men, but I can’t take his gift into the places I’m planning to go.”
One of the names caught like a barb in Harriet’s memory.
“Well,” she said lightly, “they must be the losers. We shall not suffer by it. Charlotte: we have talked from time to time about taking a truly
Relief spread across Vaughan’s face like sunrise over a snowy field.
Julian gave a curt nod. “Georgiana is the most honourable of women. When I made my proposal in form, she insisted on telling me all about her infatuation with George Wickham. And its consequences. She told me at the outset she would think no worse of me if I retracted my proposal once I knew, but that she would be ashamed to let me proceed under a false premise.”
“Safely?” Colonel Fitzwilliam’s fists clenched. “Who would dare threaten Georgiana?”
Her instructions had been followed to the letter. The small private parlour had everything she had specified, including two separate ways of approaching and leaving it. A well-trained servant brought fruit, sweet biscuits and the astringent herbal infusions of the province, which the locals prized even above tea.
“The diamonds are true, however appalling their setting. And large. And the setting can be melted down. The greater part I intend to spend on hiring soldiers, from the same places as before. But I need to apportion some to buy in salt pork, cured hams, pulses and grain. My cellars are not yet as full as Frances would have them and she has plans for me to stock additional storehouses and granaries on top of that.”
His people had made heroic efforts to turn the old, semi-derelict hunting lodge into a place where a Bishop might be welcomed. Julian’s own chamber saw evidence of solid, if crude, recent carpentry to repair rotten floorboards, and a similar smell of new sawdust and varnish breathed from the larger chamber reserved for the Bishop.
She shrank back amid the cushions, conscious both of having gone too far and of profound weariness, as if acknowledging a heavy burden had made it feel heavier still. Dimly, she perceived Mrs Annesley patting her hand.
“Well, Rupert. Fancy us meeting here, after everything. Have you a better answer this time round?”
The King was the King. But his path to the throne had not been entirely smooth. The then Prince James’ exile from Gondal from his fifteenth year until after the late Queen’s death had forced him to handle Court affairs at a remove, through lieutenants. Douglas, Lestrade and Moran, the trio of toughs who had taken Prince James’ part through the years of exile, alone knew where the bodies were buried. For the most part, they had put them there.
“Your grace, it is true. I saw the device on the underside of the barrel myself. And I saw the – the head. There can be no possible doubt.”
Molly made a sweeping, arresting gesture.
The first coach slowed as it approached the barricade. In a visible ripple the convoy came to a halt. Dark figures leapt off and assumed a defensive formation.
The guard commander did not look like a stupid man, and, as Darcy had reminded Mrs Reynolds, answered to the King.
Heads turned in the wineshop, from the serving man to the little country priest sitting two tables away, drinking wine so watered it barely held a tint of pink. His mild, round-eyed gaze held no hint of chastisement, just curiosity, deep and innocent as the waters of Lake Elderno.
A victorious Lestrade might have hoped to trade on past loyalty and on the King’s growing isolation. A gamble, yes, but he had been a gambler from his youth. Throwing his lot in with the exiled Prince had been the greatest of wagers, and how it had answered – until the day that Prince, now King James had come to him and with hints and significant gestures set him on the path that led to the Cock o’ the North Fair. (Odd, how it had not occurred to him until today how
Jonathan nodded.
She did not allow Elizabeth a chance to interject. She sketched another quick set of lines.
“Not at all,” Elizabeth said, though in truth a certain moth-wing of
“He notes that although I refused the Colonel’s suit, he confides that I cannot be unmoved at so barbaric a treatment of so loyal and long-standing a petitioner for my affections: the more so since he further confides that only my diffidence as to not having a fortune equal to the match caused me to refuse his addresses last time he made them.”
“Apply the tenets of logic. John’s niece might have written to him at any time, but she chooses
He saw, of course what his son’s man, that untutored soldier, could not. He was the Earl of Ula. Of course he saw it.
“The Betrothal Parure?” Charlotte’s voice wobbled. “Prince Gerald’s gift to Miss Hooper’s mama?”
Contrary to normal custom, once they arrived at Rosings they were not shown into any of the great rooms of state. Rather, a footman escorted them through a series of winding passages to a part of the house Elizabeth had not entered before; a kind of glassed-in gallery built out on the south side of the building, with floor-to ceiling windows on three sides, a herringbone brick floor, and a fine array of miniature citrus trees in pots around the whole space. Despite the warmth of the spring day, fires burned in fireplaces at either end of the gallery. In the very centre, a small figure lay on a light wood sofa, swathed in bright shawls.
“Sl-sleeping.” Her voice, husky with nervousness, could barely choke out a whisper. With shock, she noted Jonathan’s covert nod of approval.
He arranged his features into the shape of doting-yet-stern husband.
There was an odd, calculating look about his face, as if he were mentally sorting out what intelligence was his to share and what needed to be locked tight away, for the good of Gondal.
Elizabeth’s brows drew down. “You fear Colonel Forster may be in poor odour with the Court?”
“But?” she enquired.
“So: his grace declared the State Ball would be in the dress of forty years back, and Miss Hooper’s aunt arranged for the necklace to be sent up to town?” Frances prompted. “But instead of sending it directly to Miss Hooper, she arranged to send it to her brother, the Earl of Ula. Doubtless also at the King’s instigation?”
Her voice dropped to a near whisper. “And what arts did he use to separate them?”
For a moment, he gaped.
Elizabeth’s surprise was no less than her jubilation.
“You know Miss Darcy?”
Jane’s eyes widened as she took in the basket. Before she could say anything, Elizabeth nodded.
She and Mrs Annesley exchanged glances.
“No, indeed, she wouldn’t. But I’m no fool, at least not so big a fool as to think you, signor, would let me leave here alive, were I to silence her. But trust me: I mean no harm.”
“I assure you, a message was received. And by more than the King. But I have not finished my brother’s news. As you may gather, first he writes to condole with me on the death of Colonel Moran.”
Molly let out a delicious giggle (how was it that now Darcy knew her to be completely outside his reach, he found her more entrancing?)
Her uncle, too, seemed subdued. He spoke little, and that only commonplaces regarding the weather or the state of his horses. Only when they were inside her uncle’s house and Aunt Gardner had come downstairs to greet them, trailed by a troop of shy children, Jane – dear Jane – had hugged her and all the ladies were sitting down to coffee and muffins did Elizabeth start to feel at ease.
He escorted her to Charlotte’s door, where she found Charlotte engrossed in negotiating with the fishmonger and too distracted to take note of Elizabeth’s strained manner. She escaped upstairs, her heart almost too full for continuing its proper office.
Mr Darcy nodded. “A rattlepate of the first water. No commander, either: he was ambushed and captured, leaving his castle wide open to the raiders. Lord Lestrade’s mistress – no-one else was in command by that point – negotiated terms of surrender and safe-conduct and gave earnest of ransom for his lordship himself. Her treaty made, she rode out of the citadel on a white mule with two pack animals carrying her gear – the Holy Virgin herself knows where she went after that – and the reivers fell upon Castle Lestrade. Before word reached any garrison of Gondal, it had been looted and burnt. My cousin is charged – I do not envy him – to see if it may be restored sufficiently to make it a strong point of the Borders once more, and to find its former lord.”
“Mr Darcy could have taken her,” a new voice broke in.
“I’ll wager she did.”
“Who are these witnesses?”
“I was there,” Mr Darcy said, thickly. “Not when the barrel was opened: that honour belongs to the consignment clerk in His Grace’s pantries, and the kitchen-maid who happened to be distracting him from his duties at the time the barrel arrived. But I was among those summoned to see – it. I do not think, sir, Gaaldine’s reputation was enhanced among those witnesses.”
“You talk big for a man with a blade at his neck.” The bravo’s sneer came from uncomfortably close to his left ear.
He rose to his feet.
“What have you contrived now, with your reckless gaming? Have you stooped even to arranging a counterfeit robbery to mask your losses at cards?”
“To quote Charis:
“Could not there be some hope of reconciliation, even now?” Jane asked. “The fact of correspondence may be shown, but who is to say the Duke and his son had bad intentions behind it? At times such as this, is it not a Christian duty to reach out to one’s enemies? Perhaps the King may be brought to see this.”
us how you did it? Do you not suppose the Queen has jewels of her own, and plenty of designing eyes upon them? They have a saying in my country:
The veiled woman in half-mourning descended from the carriage and walked, stiffly at first, then with more ease as the cramps and knots in her muscles loosened with the exercise, into the inn yard. The air, here, had an upland tang. She knew that if she turned her head to the left she would be able to glimpse the Skogull Ranges, their barren masses rearing against the sky.
. He knew there was something he’d have forgotten, something a proper officer would have thought of. "I suppose I was unconscious when they’d normally have asked and then it got overlooked –”
“It’s not as bad as it sounds,” the corporal said. “I mean, you get used to it.”
The way Giulio’s hand caressed the top of his poniard spoke volumes, but he obeyed. Jonathan watched with careful friendliness until he was on the other side of a closed door. The lady’s face changed the moment her servant was no longer there. Jonathan recognised her expression; he had seen its like plenty of times in green soldiers nerving themselves for a skirmish.
The shudder beneath Harriet’s suddenly too-sensitive finger-tips told her that Molly, though a decade younger, had heard the Ogre-tales too.
Jane was to marry Bingley.
The King announced a water pic-nic in his sister’s honour, and various sycophants-about-Court rushed to compose (or, in some cases, blatantly plagiarise) reams of verses comparing Molly to, variously, naiads; mermaids; sirens; Thetis; Aphrodite of the sea-foam and, in at least one case, a rusalka.
"I shall, of course, make that clear. But –”
“Good. The event promises splendidly. Live dragons are to perform a masque for our evening’s entertainment and Frances is in so much doubt about what to wear that I have persuaded her to appear as Venus Anadyomene, to avoid her having to make her mind up.”
The tall, fair man who walked in did not even acknowledge Giulio’s presence. He strode straight to the desk, bowed very low, then lent over the desk so he could whisper into the other man’s ear.
“You know of it?”
Miss Hooper’s slight smile broadened. “And for what other reason, soldier, did I capture her away from her family, and steal her away to the seaside?”
you of –” Try as he might, the man’s name stuck in his throat.
Without allowing herself time for consideration, and scarcely knowing what she felt, Elizabeth seized the other letter, written a day later than the conclusion of the first.
Mrs Reynolds had never been surprised by a single thing in his entire lifetime. His arrival with an escort of soldiers barely raised a cats-paw on the lake of her serenity.
The guard commander saluted and departed. Darcy rang the bell and, when Mrs Reynolds appeared, apprised her of the latest developments. Her joy at the real prospect of Georgiana being shortly released from captivity was over-shadowed by the staggering size of the ransom being demanded.
Long before Charles took Darcy’s hint that their presence was no longer needed, the more burly of the sergeants and Armstrong were getting on famously over matters of protection of grain from rats.
Frances summoned up a hardness she had not previously known she possessed.
She let the river of light fall again from left hand to right, and from right to left.
"My lord, I tried –”
With sneering civility, she said, “And so, as a result of their colonel-in-chief’s fall from grace, the Duke’s regiment is removed from Meryton and they say is to be broken up entirely. Surely, Miss Duplessis, that must be a great loss to
It had been rash, she’d known at the time, dancing so many times with the King. But the new silk gown was so gloriously flattering and the attention of the company as exhilarating as first-class brandy – not that she’d known much of brandy, then. Back in those days, she hadn’t needed to. John had tugged her by the sleeve, telling her to moderate her wild ways and his companion, the hostage prince, had looked down his nose at her, both of which had fired her to keep going.
“And he survived?”
“We are not going to Aunt Gardiner’s?”
“Uncle. Lord Lestrade is completely disgraced, is he not?”
She had another sowing to attend to.
Harriet had never expected to have both rumours proved; still less that she and Papa would be the ones to witness the end of the Ogre’s terror. Nor that the walnut tree would yet be standing, not after all these years. Nor that she would see again the gate beside it, leading to the high walled garden from which those little bundles had been carried out in the cool grey of the morning.
That degree of philosophical resignation was not, it appeared, shared by her hosts. Elizabeth became uncomfortably aware of a muttered discussion between husband and wife on the path behind her, in which her and Maria’s appearance figured largely. Her exasperation with her cousin increased. This whole farrago was entirely down to his lack of forethought. Let him take the consequences, if only, that was, he did not then take out his frustrations on Charlotte. A flicker of recollection stirred. It had been an article of faith for longer than she could remember that in disputes between her parents Papa must be in the right. It might be an effect of the distance, or of similarities in pitch and tone, but for the first time it struck her that Papa arguing with Mama and his cousin chiding Charlotte sounded more similar than it was comfortable to contemplate.
betrothal parure, to cover the monies you lost playing high at Lady Traquair’s?”
Unexpectedly, at least so far as Elizabeth was concerned, their journey to Lambton took them along the outer perimeter of the Pemberley estate. Pemberley itself lay not five miles from Lambton. Furthermore, it appeared that by application to the Darcy family’s housekeeper respectable visitors might be permitted to see the house’s great state rooms and tour the grounds.
“I should have thought Mr Darcy of Pemberley would find chasing after
The opening words –
That risk was, fortunately, averted once the dowager in question’s family discovered that the gaieties of the season had left their great-aunt quite done up, necessitating an early retirement from Gondal Town to the shores of Aspin Water to recruit herself.
detail had not made it into the official reports. “Whatever could have possessed Georgiana –?”
Elizabeth’s heart leapt into her throat. “Is it to be war, so soon?”
Molly’s grin made her look like an impish boy.
There came the whisper of a dagger being unsheathed.
Colonel Moran – continuing to look for my body in the vicinity of Sancta Maria inter Prata. You can even continue the close search drills. To which end, incidentally, since you knew the man and can describe him as well or better than I, you could consider finding who besides Theo the potman spotted a slight, dark man who moves his head from side to side like a weasel entering this village, how often and on what occasions. And whom he consorted with in the district.”
He may have overdone the sternness: they look crestfallen. He signals Mrs Reynolds over with more confits. “No, I know you intended no harm, but believe me. There are jokes which should not be uttered, not even here, among family. But how do you imagine one might convey, ‘I desire your urgent response?’ using such a flower code? Yellow, perhaps – that’s a good, busy, excitable colour, and one can find yellow blooms all year round. Yarrow, at this time of year, would do admirably. And one can dry it for winter use.”
The thing had lain hidden up in the Rosings attics for years; why should it feel like tearing off part of herself to hand it over? It had been given her to use, and now, at the most dangerous moment of her life, it had fulfilled its purpose.
A puzzle piece dropped into place: an assignation planned twenty years ago on the shores of Aspin Water. Ruth had come to their usual meeting place even more silent than usual. Towards the end of the evening she had murmured, apologetically (what could Ruth possibly have to apologise for?) that the Regiment had orders for the Borders, and would be leaving in two days, but Harriet would write, please? She would write, would she not?
There was some lies even the King could not tell with conviction. Also, Darcy knew his family. He had known them even at fifteen, when he had concocted that bold gamble to save his stammering, terrifyingly withdrawn cousin from the loathsome prospect of being sold in marriage to Moran.
“And this is all the reply which I am to have the honour of expecting! I might, perhaps, wish to be informed why, with so little endeavour at civility, I am thus rejected. But it is of small importance.”
“The shoulder is doing well. An excellent piece of work, sir. I foresee you will be able to rise from your bed by the day after tomorrow.”
The Crown Prince smiled. “I see you and Sarai have been talking. I thought so. Good. But continue.”
She gulped. "Not the first night, your grace. Miss Hooper was unlucky in her cards –”
The tall stranger uncoiled himself from the corner between the wall and the clothes-press. He had extraordinary eyes, Julian noticed with a shiver: of a sea-agate opalescence, focussed, at this precise moment, upon his night-shirted, flustered self.
Elizabeth leant her head against the cool glass of the coach and let her tears leak silently down.
He directs the party to the table at the end of the terrace beneath the canopy, and drops into a seat there.
She shivered, as if to shake off ill-fortune as a dog shakes water.
“Not about this.”
Concealing her fury took all the strength she could muster. “And did he explain his reasoning?”
She spread her hands. “I’m not sure one person can comprise a list. But I have been most grateful for the forbearance and – to say truth – charity extended to me by the Countess of Alwent.”
(never, never, never a surgeon) had lacked.
“It would be, would it not? How reassuring to know that someone
more of your bosom than your current very demure shift. Besides, there’s a
“Miss Lucas is here, Miss Elizabeth,” he announced.
He heard a sharply indrawn breath.
“I am sorry to have missed them,” she murmured.
The words did not need to be uttered; they hung between them.
"Looks like a wasted journey, sir. I did just as you said, sir: went ashore at dawn, hung about the fish market and kept my eyes peeled for anyone as looked to be taking a load inland. There were three of ’em set out together, as it turned out. I let ’em get a bit of a lead, and then I followed with the mule. I feared they would divide when the roads split, and I’d not know which on ’em to follow.
Julian nodded.
The smoothness as the knife went in left her, as ever, unprepared for the pain that followed. She took another, numbing swallow of brandy and pointed towards the letter.
“Do you mind?”
Recalling his last voyage, Jonathan was hard put to it not to roll his eyes. The faintest tinge of amusement touched Miss Hooper’s lips.
A shadow crossed the sun. He shivered: not, Molly thought, at a merely physical chill. His tone changed. There was something faint and fugitive in it, like a child crying alone in a high nursery for comfort that did not come.
“Ah. I see.” Colonel Fitzwilliam, it seemed, had some difficulty recovering his earlier ease of manner. Elizabeth chattered on, trying to smooth over the awkward moment.
Startled, Elizabeth jerked her head up to see suppressed anger in his expression. She hastened to mollify him.
“Did your fishmonger friend have news of who has been frequenting Lady Catherine’s house?” Frances enquired, with a casualness she did not feel.
A knock came on the door; she heard the Collinses’ manservant admitting a visitor. To her utter amazement, Mr. Darcy walked into the room.
“Let us go. No, thank you Lizzie. I collect where we are, now, and it is but a short distance to Maria’s house. I can sit quietly there to recover myself, in the shade, not out on this horrible hot lane. Give me your arm. Thank you. Now. Let us go back to the main street.”
Darcy patted the bench. “Sit down. Tell me more?”
“You think so? A most reassuring attendant for a young woman residing in a bandit camp, surely. Nancy’s manners may lack polish, but her judgment in issues of practical morality is of the nicest. Your sister is as safe beneath my roof as she has ever been under yours.”
“I see it would be imprudent in me to fall in love with Mr Wickham, or he with me. But what or when has prudence ever had to do with love? How can I promise to be wiser than my fellow mortals? What, indeed, is prudence in such a case? Suppose he were to make me an offer today – I have no expectation he will do such a thing, but suppose he did – and I refused him because of want of fortune, perhaps seven years from now all would pity me for having scorned a man destined to become a dashing young colonel, high in Court favour and loaded with the wealth of his conquests.”
Since Lieutenant Peter Brenzaida had, if anything, an even lower estimation of his own powers than the c/o’s, he could only share that regret. More especially, since the maximum strength the c/o could allow him was less than a third of a company: twenty privates of dragoons, one sergeant, one corporal and a farrier.
to be the judge?”
“Go on with you, Lizzie. Maria knows what I mean.”
It was reliably reported that her looming responsibilities had brought to a climax her simmering nervous complaint; that she had been seen grey, wan and trembling at Mass; that her house had been turned into a fortress from which only her most trusted advisors were allowed to emerge; that the State Ball, so often postponed, might suffer yet another delay were it confirmed the first lady of Gondal had entered a decline; that the Royal Physician had been summoned –
The King’s anger burned like a slow match beside him; Darcy could feel it, even before the questioning turned to the officer commanding this motley troop. One might get a sense of the young Lieutenant Brenzaida from what his commander did not say, even more than from those he reluctantly did.
How he found his cloak and horse, how he got himself off the premises, that he never knew. Giulio was on the road, head down riding into driving rain before he emerged from the dark fog of nightmare even enough to perceive his surroundings.
Lyddie, he was pleased to see, seemed almost taken aback by this attempt to drag her back to a past which, like himself, she was already sloughing off.
“Anyway, things cannot be too bad. Jane has had a letter from Netherfield. I saw the groom deliver it, and then she ran up to her room with it. Perhaps Mr Bingley has proposed already. And I shall be a bridesmaid at the wedding.”
“But a
“Only in the portrait. And it looked a lot better there.”
Out of the side of her mouth, the Prioress breathed, “Be you comforted, my child, in your troubles. All will be well, and all will be well, and all manner of things will be well. Should you be able to commit your family to paying two hundred thalers per annum as dowry for your youngest daughter, a marriage with the deplorable excuse for a gentleman in question is all but fixed. I trust you can consent to so much.
