So, we're like 12K in and not even a day has gone by.  This might be longer than I intended.  *gives stink eye to A Higher Form of War*  Okay, but not THAT long.
“Good,” Stark replied, seeming to relax almost imperceptibly before shuddering and pulling a face.  “And, please, for all that is holy and good, it’s Tony.”
Steve was far better at understanding the winding path that Tony’s mind took now, filled with cracks and crevices formed by years of constant pressure to find some mythical perfect way instead of his own way. Insight gained months later than it should have been, Steve could easily acknowledge now, when their every interaction wasn’t marred by too many doubts and questions and, far worse, the certainty that came from ceasing to ask them.
“Oh,” Tony said.  “Ty never hears my texts.”
“The King will be so glad to see how much you want to please him,” Cam gushed with a little too much enthusiasm.  Steve thought it was at least half relief.  “You should tell him this.  He will see, yes, but he likes to hear your words, I think.  He likes it best when you say these things to him.”
“Congratulate me, Senator. I’m a married man,” Tony grinned waspishly.
“Ah,” he heard Steve say after a moment, snapping Tony's attention back to his Alpha. Well. Here we go, Tony thought. We'll start with the Ah of Disappointment. Followed quickly by the Deep Sigh of Resignation. On the heels of that, we'll mix it up a bit with the Recriminations and Expressions of Sorrowful Regret, with a lovely side of I Wish You Didn't Make Me Have To Do This, all of which leads up very nicely to the part where whatever was going to happen anyway finally fucking happens, and they can just get on with this dog and pony show, because if he stood here any longer he was just going to start ranting about ketchup and one-click ordering and probably end up--
It was silent in the cabin, except for the small crackle of the paper burning and Tony’s soft, raspy breaths.  Steve let his own eyes fall shut, careful to keep enough pressure on Tony’s wound to hopefully staunch the bleeding.  He couldn’t feel any more seeping through the strips of uniform lining, and decided to take that small boon for a positive sign.  God knew, they could use one.
“She’s not wrong!” Bucky shouted back at him as Nat brushed past him and headed out the door.  He grinned at Steve and shoved a piece of toast in his mouth, then shut the door behind them.
unruly,” Tony grinned wickedly.
“Nine,” Steve called out.  “You don’t have to go, Tony.”
With that, Obie reached around Tony’s collar and plucked open the cloak’s clasp, letting it fall into a pool at Tony’s feet.  He was bare underneath.  A soft rustle of sound filled his ears, though he tried to ignore it.  He kept his hands at his sides, resisting the urge to cover himself.  His mouth went dry, and his eyes stung.  The heat, he told himself, blinking against it as they filled with water.  The smoke.  He shifted slightly where he stood, eyes fixed, unseeing, on the ground at his feet.  He had toed a line of dirt in the sand in front of him, and his gaze found that, latching on with a hazy fascination.  I’ll do this, but I wish I didn’t have to see this, he thought, and realized the tight bands around his chest were telling him to breathe.  Obie’s hands came to rest on Tony’s shoulders, squeezing lightly and giving him a small shake, hard enough to knock him out of whatever stupor had come over him.  He looked up at the man and thought
“Don’t cross the streams,” Tony mumbled, then reached out in blind panic as the earth underneath him started rocking back and forth.  No.  Wait.  He blinked and groped for purchase as his hands found the arms of the chair he was…sleeping in?  It’s legs settled against the deck where his panicked waking had sent it into motion, and he looked up to find Steve leaning over him.  There was a warmth ghosting its way across his cheek, and a heavy weight settled on his shoulder as he twisted to an upright position in the chair and shook himself awake.
“What’s for dinner?” Tony asked, blinking up at the light streaming through the trees. Steve reached into his pack and dug out a small bag, then handed Tony one of its contents.  “That’s not funny,” Tony said as he stared in horrified distaste at the familiar hard biscuit that had been one of the constant sources of sustenance during their travels.  Steve laughed lowly, shoulders shaking as he glanced over at Tony with a smile.  “I think I banned these.  Didn’t I ban these?  These should be banned.  I hereby ban these!” Tony shouted to the forest.  In the distance, a mockingbird agreed with him.  “This is not real food.  I told you.  These are rocks, disguised as food.  Not even well disguised, at that.”
She'd be disappointed, God would she. He could almost hear the echo of it in his head.
“Squeamish?” Steve teased, then relented.  “I appreciate your enthusiasm for my fishing idea, but you ordered a
Tony was kissing his shoulder, then. A long line of kisses, nipping and sucking, even as his finger burned a path deep inside. It always hurt a bit, just at first. Not a bad pain, just a stretching, searing burn and the sense of being full that slowly abated as Tony worked at his hole.
answered Tony’s question, had he?  Though, it wasn’t like a lot wasn’t lost in translation here, Tony supposed.
“I have never seen any more of it.  But, as I said, the universe is a big place,” Steve replied.
The smell of buttery popcorn greeted him when he pushed open the door to the cabin.  Steve was standing at the kitchen counter, dumping a large, puffed-up bag of it into bowl.
Tony was certainly fine with the situation.  Really, the whole set-up, maybe sans the Friday the Thirteenth cabin of death, was actually rather ideal, at least for however long this little interlude of guilt or lack of interest or whatever it was on Steve’s part managed to last. He’d take what he could get.
“Steve,” Tony pleaded.  “Please.”  His voice was thick, wet, like he was struggling to get the words out.  “Please, I need—you.  You,” Tony breathed out, then let out a wretched sort of laugh.  He reached up and stroked a hand down Helicarrier Steve’s jaw, then let it drop, looked between Skinny Steve, who had his head pillowed on Tony’s stomach and Conference Room Steve, who was running his hands up and Tony’s leg, then turned to stare at Steve with a surprisingly piercing gaze. “God help me, it has to be you.”
“See?  I told you that you would enjoy yourself if you just gave it a chance!” Maria replied from somewhere in the background of the silent conversation he and Steve were having.   “What else are you up to at that house of yours?  Jarvis tells me it’s quite, er…quaint.”
He turned in a circle, looking for anything he might be able to use to just break the glass, and heard the squeal of tires directly behind the glass.  He took the steps two at a time and raced across the living room, flinging open the front doors, a flood of guests following him out the door, to see Tony’s Audi speed off down the driveway.
“Your fleet is spread too thin to trail merchants up and down the coast,” Steve said, swallowing thickly around the words while his stomach seized up.  This wasn’t strategy or war. This was anger.  On his behalf.  It had been so long, he almost didn’t recognize it, the feeling that someone else shared the horror at an experience.
Steve picked up the spear-thrower and turned it over in his hand, then picked up one of the small spears and, after a few tries, got it notched in place and pulled back on the string until it was taut.  “You made this?” Steve asked. Anto nodded.
Because you were so forthcoming, right, Rogers, he thought with a bitter grimace twisting across his face.  Closing his eyes for a moment, he let himself just listen as Peggy’s voice filled the empty places in his bones.
“Nice laptop,” Rhodey remarked evenly.
“It’s not any of them. And, I don’t mean to be rude because you were real nice about helping and all, but it isn’t any of your business, anyway,” Steve said.
“Great,” Tony said, clapping his hands together. “Friends with benefits, it is. At least until you find your people and you...you, ah, you find your mate, which is---which is, that’s...” Tony cleared his throat, rubbing at the space in his chest where the reactor used to be, some kind of phantom pain momentarily constricting his ribs, making it hard to breath. “That will be good, obviously. Awesome. That’s what...that’s what we’re aiming for, right? I mean, yeah, so this, this is...this is going to all just be great.”
Tony ground his hips into Steve’s groin, once, twice, making Steve’s hips judder forward, chasing the friction.  Tony’s cock was hard, bulging against the fabric of his pants.  A strange sense of pride filled him.  Misplaced, surely, but he couldn’t shake it.  I did that, Steve thought, letting his hands find Tony’s waist and pulling him closer, until Tony’s movements were small, circling thrusts.  The dual sensations of the wet heat of Tony’s mouth and the rhythmic pulse of his cock into the vee of Steve’s legs was enough to empty Steve’s mind of anything other than the feelings coursing through his body.  His skin was on fire. Every brush of fabric, every touch of Tony’s skin felt like tiny licks of the flame, the way it had caressed Tony’s palm when he passed it over the candle.
It was the same, never-ending circle of thoughts in his mind as it had been all these past weeks.  What he wanted, Tony would not give him, not yet.  Maybe not ever. And even if he did, Rhodes was right about what the consequences of freedom would be here.  Steve would be no one, own nothing.  A man with a common name and not an ounce of noble blood.  Certainly not someone fit to be in the company of the King. As his concubine, all of that was overlooked, and his presence in Tony’s life accepted by Court and commoners alike.  No matter which way Steve’s mind turned, it always came back to the same choice.  This life or one without Tony.
“It wasn’t an explosive device, for crying out loud, it was barely a tiny bit of plasti—” Tony started.
Looking back, Steve wasn’t sure what he had expected when they finally managed to put the pieces of Howard’s prototype together. Nothing, if he was honest with himself.  He hadn’t expected anything. None of them had, not really, not if the long looks exchanged between Bruce and Shuri had been any indication.
“Yes.  It is a long way,” the alien agreed.
Lies.
The edges of their dresser mirror were stuffed with a collage of photos, mostly from their travels. Some from college.  Tony and Rhodey in their graduation robes, holding their diplomas and grinning like idiots with their arms slung over each other’s shoulder.  One of a five-year old Tony being held by Jarvis, who was wearing a truly awful Christmas sweater.  Rudolph. With a glowing nose.  Tony had loved that sweater.  He hadn’t really understood why Jarvis didn’t wear it all the time.  A black and white photo with a crease at the top right corner and a neat, white edge of the Commandos sitting in a trench, helmets pulled low over dirty faces with sandbags stacked around them.  Morita was sleeping with his head on Dernier’s shoulder.   Barnes was standing, back to the camera, looking down the barrel of a rifle that pointed out between two sandbags and a length of barbed wire.  Tony always wondered, why that photo.  Why that moment.  Why right
As he sat down, the sofa cushion was lumpy and let out a puff of air and dust motes into the sun-filtered light that seeped through the window.   He reached up and fingered the fringe that edged the plaid blanket that hung over the back of the sofa.  The mantle clock ticked resolutely on.  Shadows fell in lines across the room, as the light found its way through the slats of the blinds.  Steve thought it looked a bit like bars. He closed his eyes and let his head fall back against the curve of the sofa.
“No badges, huh?” Tony asked.
2--Wandering Stars (alien Steve AU)
Steve’s whole body shuddered, then seized up as Tony sucked at the head, lapping his cold tongue into the slit as the ice melted in his mouth.  His head twisted from side to side, mouth moving wordlessly as Tony sucked harder. He heard a tearing sound, and looked rather stupidly at the piece of bedding clutched in his hand.  He came with a shout of surprised pleasure, his eyes squeezing shut as black specks danced at the edge of his vision. His hips jerked spasmodically, but Tony just loosened his throat and swallowed, working Steve through it as his body quaked a few more times.  Steve collapsed against the bed, panting, staring down at Tony with his mouth agape, his mind blessedly blank.
,” Anthony said, circling around where Rumlow stood, regarding the man with a considering look before turning his gaze back to Steve.  “
been there before, just missed Steve’s awed sweep of the room, Steve was sure of it.  So where had he come from?  Lurking in the shadows, watching while Steve explored his bedroom?  That seemed so odd as to be unfathomable.  Why wouldn’t he announce himself when a stranger wandered so unexpectedly into his home? Everything about the man’s reaction was wrong.  Everything about this whole situation was wrong, Steve told himself.  It was screaming at him, the wrongness of it all, and yet, here he stood.  Why wasn’t he leaving? He should leave, but...the man.  Who was he? A burning desire to know the answer suddenly burst inside his chest.  He had to know.  He came here for answers, and this man--inexplicably--held them, Steve knew that in his gut.
“Wait,” the King said, his hand shooting out to grab Steve’s wrist.  “You put them where they go,” he repeated, slowly, almost like a child would.
“Tony,” Steve began, standing up and walking over to stand at the deck railing in front of Tony.  “If you want to learn to drive, if that would make you---“ Steve stopped, looking down at the valley in front of them for a moment before drawing his gaze back to Tony.  “If you would feel more secure if you could drive, then you should learn.  No one will try to stop you.  No one will arrest you.  No one will do anything to you.”
“That’s it?” Tony spluttered after a moment of expectant silence.  “Just bust out the kid card and then back to the second course?  What part of taking this slow did you—God, we would be such cool dads, though.”
Tony stared at him, his eyes jotting back and forth, searching, then he sighed and put the sponge down on the edge of the tub, bracing his hands against the rim for a moment.  Steve watched the knuckles go white.
Clint had given them his daughter’s room, probably on purpose.  She had a double bed covered in pink and white sheets with horses running across them and one of those nightlights that projected glowing greenish stars on the ceiling. Tony had unplugged it without a word.  Steve had graciously offered to take the floor, and Tony let him because he couldn’t come up with an objection that didn’t sound pathetic.  Then—then.  Then he’d woken up, shaking and soaked in sweat, body clenched in a rictus of muscles, panting for air.
“But, we’re not going to… tell them what happened, right?” Steve asked, his stomach sinking.
“Tell you what, I’ll send you the one of the S on the hot dog cart,” Steve offered.
and interesting. You’re forgetting the important part,” Tony said. “About the wrongness.”
“Probably.  Yes,” Tony replied, his mind reeling with a sense of inevitability.
“A shield.  Like the one I carried,” Steve said with certainty.  Yes, he would like that. His shield on Tony’s hand. Something of him left with Tony, something
“Get to your room,” Howard ordered, pulling himself up and straightening his suit jacket.  “We’ll go meet Captain Rogers day after tomorrow.  Your mom’s got people coming to get you ready starting tomorrow morning.  Try to think before you do anything stupid.  And then, word of advice?  Don’t even try it.”
!” Howard shouted, pointing stridently at his head, nearly digging his fingers into his temple. “There are no vita rays!  Not anymore! He’s fish food at the bottom of the God-damned ocean, for Christ’s sake,” Howard shouted.  Steve flinched, swallowed, tasted cold and forced himself to breathe, though he took in too much air, stretching his chest until the tightness nearly hurt.
What Cam perhaps lacked in decorum and subtlety, he made up for with enthusiasm, Steve thought as the boy practically bounced down the steps to the baths a short time later carrying a soft towel and embroidered wrap to wear when not in the water, along with a ceramic scraper to rough over Steve’s skin before bathing and a pair of wooden sandals inlaid with mother-of-pearl for Steve’s feet.
“Get a room,” Clint called out over his shoulder.
“Yeah, you’re doing a bang-up job so far,” she said, though there wasn’t really any judgment behind the words, just a sad sort of bitterness that he knew wasn’t really directed at him.
It was surreal, Steve thought a few minutes later as Vegas started to spread out below them from glittering Strip into concrete and stucco suburbs.  Tony leaned back in his seat, watching Steve with undisguised interest.
“Got you something,” Steve said after a long moment.  He reached around behind his seat and plucked a small gift bag from the floorboard, dropping it in Tony’s lap.  “I hear it’s traditional.”
“No.  Governor.  His Dad was at Metz,” Steve said with a small smile, one of the uncomfortable ones that Tony knew by now meant things Steve would only talk about when he got into a certain mood, and then had to say them, like a dam flooding a river, it all just spilling over the edges at once.  “Coulson was already on it, though.  He had a form, I think.”
“I’m trying, James,” Steve said.
“Huh?  Oh, yeah, fine.  Six,” Tony said, with a flat smile.  “See you then.”  Steve gave a little wave and backed away, before turning around to head towards the cabin.
“I don’t mean to make it an argument, Tony,” Steve said, running a hand through his hair and shifting a bit in his chair.
There was a crowd around Steve, which was typical enough, though even from here, he could see it was bigger than usual, closer, too, pressing in, and he flinched when Cocktail-Napkin-Wearer wrapped her arm around Steve’s shoulders, or what of them she could manage to contort herself around, anyway, bright, long nails grazing up and down against the black of Steve’s tuxedo.  Another flash lit up the mirror momentarily as one of the crowd surrounding Steve took a photo and handed the phone back to the Handsy McClaws even as Steve ducked his head, shaking it rapidly, as if to clear it, against the flash or the hands or something else, Tony wasn’t sure, his hand flexing around the glass he held as he forced his gaze away.
The King grinned, a smug, pleased look, then slowly drew his hands down to cup Steve’s balls and roll them around, massaging and hefting them.  He splayed his hands wide, then, on either side of Steve’s cock and leaned forward on his knees, taking the head into his mouth.  He looked up at Steve from under half-hooded eyes and moved his head, taking Steve’s length in deeper before drawing back in one long, slow slide of his lips before letting Steve’s cock pop out of his mouth, wet and glistening.
“Nat--” Steve began.
Please do note that I've added additional tags.  Some things in this chapter may be troubling for people, so I wanted to make you aware.
“You…had a choice,” Nat countered.
“Where is it?” he heard Tony ask in a tight tone, clipped with strain.
“A year ago, I thought all I was getting was
“You’re important,” Cam argued.  “To the King, I mean.  I think Master Zola likes to think he’s important, but he really isn’t, like this rooster that used to chase me around the barnyard back home.  He always wanted the best food, and would peck at the hens so they couldn’t get anything but the leftover scraps, but then when the cook needed dinner, guess who ended up on the master’s table?  Zola’s like that.”
He tried to get up, but the man just pushed him down and…shushed him, placing a finger to Tony’s lips and pulling him to his chest.  Tony protested and grumbled, growing more frustrated when the man’s chest rumbled with laughter.
“There is nothing to prove here, Steve,” Tony said, warm breath tickling against Steve’s ear. “You don’t have to do this.”
spend money doesn’t mean you
“Pepper,” Tony said again, face softening.  “I think she’s…” he stopped and cleared his throat and waved his loose hand in the air between him and the glass, looking quickly up at Steve and then back down at the view again.  “Like I said. She’s a bit of a romantic.”
“Should’ve handed the phone to Steve,” Tony argued with a smile.
“Yeah, well, what was I going to say?  It took fucking forever for you to do anything more than lay there like a lump and now,
“I think I might be falling in love with you,” Steve cut in, making Tony’s mouth snap shut as he stared wide-eyed at Steve.  His head was tipped back as he watched the lighted numbers above the elevator tick downward.  Tony watched Steve’s throat work as he swallowed. Finally, Steve dragged his gaze over to where Tony was probably fishmouthing at him, since no words seemed willing or able to come out at this point.  A low, rushing buzz filled Tony’s ears.  He was strangely aware of his breathing, or lack thereof, to be more precise.  He should probably take a breath, but he thought if he did, he might realize he hadn’t heard Steve correctly.  Or Steve would laugh, letting Tony in on the joke.  Or, Tony would wake up. Something.
, not to be dramatic, but the fate of the world might rest on this plot of theirs, but he had to tell Steve.  He just…he had to. Besides, he was fairly certain Rhodey would have also said not to sleep with Steve until after Steve knew everything, and yeah, good call and all that, but it wasn’t like last night had been on the agenda. Still, he couldn’t bring himself to call it a mistake.
“Ouadda,” Coulson said finally, looking up at Steve.
Steve followed Zola and the guards along the same route they had taken the first night, though Zola’s steps were hurried, almost a run, if such a man could run.  A quick knock on the King’s door and it was thrown open by one of the King’s guards, who held up a hand as Zola started to enter.
“Why Stark? If you don’t mind my asking,” Fury said, his voice slow.  Cautious. But, the words jabbed at Steve, probably because he couldn’t think of an answer that made sense.  Or, one that he wanted to give, anyway.
“Am I wrong about any of that?” she asked softly after a long moment.
“Sounds a lot like your honeymoon, eh Lenny?” one of them shouted and the rest laughed, another one gently nudging a pudgy, balding man with his elbow as he brought his camera up.
“It’s beautiful up here. Can you really see the Grand Canyon from up here?” Steve asked with a frown as he peered off into the distance.
“Really? Well, fantastic,” Professor Thorne replied.  He sounded surprised, but not…not unhappy about it, so Tony nodded.  “Great, well, you’re in luck.  I have a group of my graduate assistants working on a project and some preliminary detection results right now.  It’s just a theoretical study at the moment.   We’re still at the limits of what we can test.  It’s aimed at developing techniques to calculate G-wave signals from sources such as coalescing black holes and neutron stars.  You can listen in, if you think that might be something that interests you?”
Steve moaned, low and gravelly, and Tony felt a fresh spurt of warmth coat his hand. Tony worked his fingers over Steve’s prostate, round and round, keeping up the pressure and constant motion, until he felt Steve’s body stiffen as his orgasm slammed through him Steve came with a shuddering breath, his whole body convulsing as streams of white stained the sheet while Tony kept up his rhythm.
“Ms. Everhart,” Tony replied, holding the edge of the door.   He narrowed his eyes, regarding her closely. “You’re not going to report on that, are you?”
It was a strange night, Steve told himself.  Strange happenings.  The storm. The stranger. Strange thoughts, all night, sitting over there in his bed, thinking about the War and Peggy and Iron Man--God,
“I—uh—I guess,” Tony stammered.  “I mean, sure, you could.  But, you know, you might not be comfortable with an A.I. telling you everything, so…just, if you wanted to talk about it, or had questions or…anything.  Just, you know.  Feel free to ask, is all.”  Well, that didn’t reek of desperation at all, Tony thought bitterly.
“Shocking that we didn’t work out,” Pepper said drolly, then drew in what Tony recognized as a bracing breath.  “He’s an artist.  Don’t make that face.  Former Army.  Smart, good-looking, great sense of humor.  Natasha says he’s a bit old-fashioned, but sweet.  He’s relatively new in town, I take it.  Not looking for anything serious, just to have some fun.”
“Sorry.  I’m, I don’t know, like nervous or something,” Tony admitted.
“Good, you’re not dead,” Barnes’ voice rang in Tony’s ears as his eyes snapped open to a too-bright view of a white ceiling marked by a single light bulb with a long cord dangling down.  He turned his head to find the source of the shouting and rolled off the few precious inches of real estate he’d carved out on Steve’s bed, landing with a thud on the floor between the bed and the coffee table.  “He’s just overslept or something,” Barnes was saying into his cell phone.  “Fairly sure it was Stark’s fault.  Call it a hunch.  Okay, yeah, I’ll tell him to call you.  Yeah, he’s doing fine.”
“I have nightmares,” Steve said.
Steve snickered.  That had taken a ridiculous amount of his time, but had been completely worth it to see Tony’s face. Tony had insisted on a picture of Steve and the pizza art “for posterity,” though Steve was fairly sure posterity involved Instagram blackmail, but he didn’t say so because Tony was having entirely too much fun with it.
“I knew it was my favorite,” Tony smiled softly, his voice low and husky.
“Had a bit of an issue with him on the way here. I thought it prudent,” Sitwell replied.
Steve followed, with Cam trailing behind him, his head down, eyes focused on the ground as he walked. He could practically hear the boy’s internal diatribe building up inside of him like a bubble waiting to burst. Steve nodded to Josiah and Peran, and noticed that the tent was ringed by others he recognized from Tony’s personal guard, along with a few of Lord Murdock’s soldiers. Taking no chances, even amongst so-called friends, Steve thought, once again feeling grateful for Rhodes’ careful attention to detail.
“And making dinner on Thursdays.  Something that isn’t boiled, microwaved, or out of a can.  I got standards, man.  You can bring your friend,” Bucky told him, smiling magnanimously.
“I don’t know, I’ll write a check?  I’m saying we’ll figure it out,” Tony continued, rolling his eyes.  “No, no—oh, come on, venture capital, my ass. I’m not handing this over to a bunch of Silicon Valley wannabe entrepreneurs.  Listen, the Board wants to sideline the whole thing into one of Tony’s pet projects, and that isn’t—no I’m saying, if we start small, this will never happen. Because, they’ll find a reason to screw me over on it.  I know what they’re saying.  I don’t give a fuck if they line up fifty shrinks, it isn’t going to---Fine,” Tony continued after a pause.  “Just get back to me.”  Tony pulled the headset off and tossed it on the table, took a sip of his smoothie and grimaced.
He wasn’t ever going to get the chance again.  It felt right. He thought maybe he had known what he was going to say when he walked in the room and saw Tony, only to get derailed by Tony’s flirtation. He sucked in a breath and raised his eyes to Tony’s.
“I’ve spent too much time regretting what I didn’t let myself do, what I couldn’t do,
His sudden dislike of the pinstriped wonders had nothing to do with the fact that when he’d stopped by to invite Steve, he’d caught a glimpse into Steve’s suite, and noticed that the wall at which Steve had been staring the night before, while Tony worried he’d broken Captain America, had been filled with surveillance photos, reports and the like, long red threads spider-webbing between things where Steve apparently saw some pattern in the chaos that was Barnes’ current movements.   So, not exactly sitting around, agonizing over whatever feelings Tony’s kiss might have stirred.  Or, worse, Steve was, in fact, wondering about those feelings, just going all Tommy Lee Jones over his favorite fugitive instead of thinking about Tony.  God, he was such a fucking idiot.  It would be funny if it weren’t completely horrible.
Bucky’s voice sounded in his head with a low, knowing laugh.
Steve swallowed, and looked again at the garment in his hands, realization slowly dawning.
Tony glanced at him, his face sharp and shrewd. “You keep saying that.  I don’t have to. I can if I want to,” he shook his head, his voice tight.  He laughed, though it wasn’t really a laugh.  Steve didn’t like how it sounded on him, how it looked on him. Tony shouldn’t look like that.  “I don’t think that means what you think it means,” he finished in a flat, dull voice.
“Love you, too,” Tony managed through a yawn.  It was the middle of the day, but who cared?  Not like they had any place to be.
Tony was halfway through explaining the need to refine the detectors’ searches by using general relativity-based models and spin precession in order to perform a coherent Bayesian analysis when Happy pulled off the highway and onto the winding road that led up to the cabin.  He sputtered to a halt somewhere around quasicircular inspirals, though Steve was still watching him with seemingly rapt attention.
Then he started on the garage.
“I—uh,” Tony began, clearing his throat and looking up at Steve with a quick, darting glance before going back to looking at the canopy.  ““I have noticed your…melancholy.  Upon occasion,” Tony continued. “I—I had thought perhaps your family, but…no, obviously, I was wrong.”
Steve liked his ideas. Which was…close to liking
“He’s...pining softly and looking very single?” Tony finished hopefully.
“Probably not,” Tony replied, but he got up off the sofa anyway.
“Tony…” Steve began, then sat his sandwich down on the plate.  “May I draw you?”
“Good thing those people aren’t the ones making decisions for Tony, then,” Steve said sharply, eyes narrowing to a hard line of crisp, bright blue.
“I love you, Tony.  So much,” Steve said.  “You’re—you’re incredible.  I can’t even—I--I love you so much.  So much, Tony.”
At some point, Steve looked down the beach to see Tony with his tunic off, using a pole to unearth a particularly large rock, helped by several soldiers and Captain Rhodes.  When it was done, the large cairn formed almost a low wall along the slope of the meadow.  Here and no further, Steve thought.   Bucky was the last to leave.  Steve saw him bend over and place two small stones just at the edge, and he knew where those stones had come from.  Let them rest with the others, Steve thought.   Let them all have rest.  It was the closest thing to a prayer he had managed all day, but it was the only thing that mattered.
“I do,” Steve said, a slow smile spreading across his face.  “You can keep talking like that, if you want.  I don’t mind.”  He can call me a flower if he wants to, Tony heard in his head, and grinned.
“Okay, really?  That’s what you latched onto from all of that?”   Tony demanded somewhat incredulously, his head swiveling to the side to look at Steve while he rocked back and forth on his feet, the earlier tenseness Steve had noted replaced by a flurry of movement that seemed to touch every part of Tony’s body in some way.   “Not the whole Get Out of Marriage Free Card?  The tie is what you want to lead with?”
Tony looked hard at him, then his mouth quirked into a half-smile. He shook his head lightly, a thin, admiring grin forming. “Have I mentioned that I rather adore it when you occasionally outthink me?”
“You ready?” Rhodes asked.
“Steve-fuck-gods,” Tony babbled, nearly incoherent as the string of words were torn from his lips. Tony’s hips canted into his hand in jerky, uncontrolled motions as Steve began stroking, running the pad of his thumb along the throbbing vein that pulsed underneath, then over the slit on the tip, forming a circle with his hand and stroking from head to root in firm, fast motions.  Tony had already been close, and that was all it took, long strings of white coating Steve’s hand and Tony’s stomach as Tony cried out, face going rigid, mouth working around words that he couldn’t seem to speak.  Then his whole body slackened, going pliant as Steve continued to plunge in and out of him, finding the hard nub deep inside of Tony’s body on each thrust.
Steve stopped moving, one plate held in his hand, his whole body stilling.  A hot, hard spike of shame rushed through him.  He looked down and swallowed.  Oh.  Well.  Okay, then.  That…that was true, he supposed.  Tony had just never said it so plainly.  He put the plate back down on the table and looked up at Tony’s back.  Tony nodded jerkily at the sound, apparently satisfied, and stalked down the hall to the bedroom.
Tony had just blinked at him, nodding his head a bit in answer.  “Must be a Tuesday,” Tony had replied to Steve’s frown.
Tony had said someone named Mr. Jarvis would help him, but Steve hadn't seen anyone else around the house earlier. Maybe some kind of butler? God, how humiliating. Staring at the empty room and feeling utterly stupid, but with no idea what else to do, he called out softly, “Mr. Jarvis?”
Finally, Tony pulled his fingers free of Steve’s hole, leaving him feeling loose and exposed, and he whined at the loss.  Steve felt the press of Tony’s fingers working into his thigh again, kneading and pumping, and watched in horrified fascination as Tony rubbed his bloody fingers over his cock.  Steve’s mouth went dry.  The world tilted.  He felt the hard, insistent press of Tony’s cock against his hole, wet and dripping into the crease of Steve’s ass.  He tensed.  Tony’s cock was larger than his fingers, and for a moment, the burning, stretching pain as Tony pushed inside of him was almost too much, and then it wasn’t.  Tony slipped inside of Steve with a grunt, filling him, his hips plunging forward until his cock was buried all the way inside Steve.
“Yeah.  Believe it or not, Stark Industries started out as Stark Cannery, up in your old stomping grounds.  Worked mostly out of a basement in some dump down by the wharf,” Tony told him.  “Wasn’t much at first.  But, he designed and built all the processing equipment.  Most of it was automated way beyond what was standard back then.  I’ve got a picture of him, somewhere, standing in front of this conveyor belt of cans being filled with pureed tomatoes.”
I could go anywhere, Tony thought.  If I could drive.  I could go anywhere.  I wouldn’t.  But, I could.
Tony slung one elbow over the curved back of the chair, which let him twist around comfortably enough to appreciate the view, manners dispensed with in favor of the ability to gesticulate his point.  Ms. Claridge would be horrified.  Rap his knuckles with her ruler, he thought as he watched Steve’s tongue dart out just enough to lick the taste from his lips.  Tony’s mind promptly conjured up the image of Steve on that stage, hips gyrating and grinding against the smooth metal pole, that crossroads deal of a back tapering down to the most perfect ass Tony had ever had the pleasure of seeing, which, statistically speaking, was quite the sample size.
“No?” Steve replied with a frown, voice wavering with uncertainty at the oddity of the question.
He could feel the King’s mouth curve into a smile.  His warm breath tingled against Steve’s balls, making his cock harden impossibly more.  And that was before the King’s mouth found one of the firm, tight mounds of flesh and licked a wide stripe over the soft skin.  Steve gasped, choked on the burn of air that rushed out of him, and his body jolted.  The King’s hands went to Steve’s thighs, in silent command, and Steve realized he had brought his knees up without meaning to, and let them lower again.  A light flutter of lips and tongue over his balls and Steve moaned, low and deep and shuddering.  Then the King drew one into his mouth and sucked at the tender flesh, before letting it go with an obscene, wet sound before turning his attention to the other, taking it into his mouth even as a finger breached Steve’s hole to the knuckle.  Steve’s hips bucked involuntarily, earning a grunt and a low, husky laugh from the King.  The finger left him, and Steve could feel a sudden, burning scrape of emptiness that hadn’t been there before.
“Why didn’t you just let me arrange catering again?” Pepper asked as she pulled the plastic wrap off the stack of paper plates.
“I won, if anyone cares,” Steve replied, glancing between them with a disgruntled look.
“His friends,” Tony replied.  My friends, too, once, or he’d thought they were.  But that had been a lifetime ago.
“Haven’t wanted to draw anything since...well, for a long time.   Guess that something good’s come of this, huh?” Steve told the creature with a note of surprise at his own realization.
“Oh, no need,” the man smiled jovially, seemingly finding humor in something.  “I just ate.”
“Sir, if I may, given the current situation, is it a good time to be delving into this type of inquiry?” JARVIS asked.
“I’d like that,” Steve replied, giving Tony a small half-smile that made that thing in Tony’s stomach clench and release.  “I’d like that a lot, Tony.”
That apparently also included showing up on the training field and insisting that he needed additional sparring lessons, though Steve had to admit that he had missed their training sessions. Tony had always been a surprisingly quick study, and Steve enjoyed the feeling that he was giving something back to Tony, meager though it might be. Steve knew what Tony was about, though. Nothing of Tony’s actions was random. He insinuated himself where he worried Steve would find himself adrift. On the other hand, Steve was also fairly certain that the whole company of soldiers under his command thought that sparring lessons with the King meant something else entirely, he thought with a heavy sigh, then felt a slight grin forming, because sometimes, well, they weren’t wrong.
“Oh, just no.  No.  Seriously, I leave you two alone for five minutes and we’ve moved from deep thoughts to deep thoughts by Jack Handy?” Barnes ordered, snapping a finger at the hallway.  “I mean, I’m happy for you and all, but come on.  Give a guy a break.  Sam’s taking care of your work, Steve.  He’s got a guy who just got laid off and can start right away, so it’s all good.”
, Rhodey, okay?  I’m fine. I’m good.  I got this,” Tony said, holding both hands out in front of him in what he hoped was a reassuring gesture.
“I want to, though,” Steve cut in quickly.  “I do. I want to.  Please, Tony.  Please.”
“Let’s hope,” Rhodey said.  “I’m coming up.  Hang on.”  Tony could hear the car door crank open and slam shut through the phone, thankfully drowning out Argentina’s woes.
“Sir, I’m sorry to interrupt, but I have an incoming call from Captain America for Iron Man. It is not on the Avengers line.  He indicates it is low priority.  Of a more personal nature, I believe.  Shall I put him through?” JARVIS asked.
“Sorry.  Tips,” Steve told him as he carefully counted out the agreed-upon amount and handed the scrunched-up pile of bills to the man, who stared at Steve’s outstretched hand for a moment, then sighed and reached out to take the money.  He licked the pad of his thumb and scrolled through the mostly fives, tens and ones as he counted.
No.  God.  He couldn’t leave Tony.  Not again.  Not when Tony needed his help.
“Love you,” Steve told the top of Tony’s head.
It was never going to be a simple as a house by the sea, not with Tony and maybe not with himself, either.   He honestly couldn’t tell if he’d ever truly wanted that or just wanted to want it. He wanted Tony, and whatever that meant, it would not be a simple life. Tony offered so much more, a chance, a challenge, and weren’t those two the same things? He’d always wanted to serve the Realm, and here was his opportunity.   He should be running towards it, not choosing a fight he’d already won and couldn’t seem to leave.
“You know how this sounds, right?” Steve asked, looking between Tony, Pepper and Matt, like one of them was going to suddenly yell ‘Gotcha!’
“And JARVIS is working on scrubbing the files from the Internet.  It won’t get everything, but it will hit the big sites,” Tony told him.  “Right, JARVIS?”
“Oh, yeah, he has a thing with doors, too,” Tony managed with a short, broken laugh before the door burst open.  Burst open was a bit of a euphemism, Tony decided as he watched said door fly the thirty or so feet down the hallway between the holding cells.  “Um. Hi honey, I’m not home,” Tony quipped uneasily with a small, half-hearted wave, as Steve strode over to the cell, grabbed the bars, pulled the whole front of the cell off and tossed it aside to land somewhere by the door.
Not what I tried—and failed, rather spectacularly, I must say--to mold you into.  That.  That was what I could give you,” Maria said.  She leaned back in the chair and rested an elbow on the arm, sipping at her sherry. “And now, you have your robots and your stars and a five-million-dollar savings account on your wrist.  Oh, yes, I know what that is,” Maria said with a pointed nod.  Tony looked down at the watch in confusion, then a sort of dawning horror.  Five million dollars? “Moinet.  One of a kind, too.”
“Tony, it’s fine.  Really.  It’s fine,” Steve cut in.  He reached a hand across the table and, before Tony could react, just gripped Tony’s wrist for a flash of a moment, his thumb tracing over the jumping pulse-point on the underside before he let go and slid both his hands back under the table.  Tony stared across the table at Steve for a beat.
“Yeah, but…” Steve trailed off, grimacing up at the building.
“Don’t tell me Stark was terrible in bed because I’m gonna die laughing if that’s the case,” Brock said, making Steve wince a bit.  “Figures some rich prick like that probably pays a PR firm to spread stories about him or some shit.”
The boy looked over at him and gave a small, furtive wave, then went down on his knees and bowed his head before the King.  “My L—Highness.  Your my Highness-I—“ Cam stammered, shooting a horrified, anguished look at Steve before going back to studying his feet.
“I know, Tony,” Rhodey was saying. “I get this is hard. And I don't know what to tell you, except that you need to talk to Steve, because something happened, and I don't have the first clue what, but I don't think its what you think it was,” Rhodey replied.
“Don’t get your panties in a wad, Rollins, I checked, okay? He’s going through bags in the gym, same as always.  Widow’s got babysitting duty today, looked like,” Calhoun said around a huff of--not laughter, not that, but something. “She’s not going to let him toddle off unsupervised.”
“Oh, I don’t know if you got notice, since it was fairly last minute, but Captain Samuels had to drop out of the review board, so his alternate has taken his place for today’s hearing,” Matt replied.
“Well, it certainly would have been easier had you been trained properly in one of the pleasure houses,” Tony shrugged, his mouth twisting.  “Though…I would not change the man you are, even for the ease that would come with it. Sometimes, in my mind, I think about if we—” he broke off, shaking his head.
It knocked the breath out of Steve’s chest. For a moment, he was so disconcerted, he couldn’t think.  He simultaneously stumbled backwards and raised his hand towards Tony, his mouth open to say...something.
“Yes, all of them,” Steve said after a moment, then bit his cheek to keep from smiling and glanced away, trying to cover his grin by wiping the sweat from his face.  Behind him, Rhodes huffed out a laugh.
“I’m glad you didn’t. Come see me, I mean.  I wasn’t—it wasn’t a good time,” Steve said finally as he pushed open the apartment building’s door, which gave a creaking groan of protest as he did.  He held it open for Tony, though, which, when you were grasping for straws, was a straw.  Maybe not having the door slammed in your face was more like one of those tiny, stirrer-sticks people used as straws, but a straw, nonetheless.
“Worse than okay. She’s happy for me,” Tony replied, mouth twisting into a deprecating flash of a smile that Steve had seen too many times lately.  Tony toed his dress shoes off and flung them to the side, then shimmied out of his pants and boxers with the kind of unselfconscious grace that Steve knew from experience that no magic serum could grant.  Tony would say it was practice.  But, when it came to himself, Tony was full of shit a lot of the time.  “Or said something about Happy that I’m ignoring.  One or the other, same thing in the end.”
“Fine,” Steve said.  “Sorry.  It just buckled.”
But, no one was going to put Tony first, and maybe that was what in all of this Peggy wanted him to see.  Even the people who loved him, truly and genuinely loved him, didn’t love him that way, the way that said, his happiness, his safety, him.  Him before me.  Before everything.  Before the company (before pride), before the press (before duty), before the money (before being right), before the inventions (before the world), before the treatments (before saving the one you couldn’t save), before everything.  No one did that, and he loved them all anyway.
“H--hello?” Steve said, his voice little more than a hesitant whisper.
“What did you have in mind?” Steve asked carefully.
. Oh, God, he wanted.  He wanted everything, so very badly.  This.  He wanted this.  He wanted Tony to take and take and take until he was flying, and then take some more, until Tony was sated, and Steve was his. Fully his.  A part of him. Joined together. With him.
“For you?” Bucky scoffed.  “Hell, no, man.  And look, I wouldn’t be judging you if it were.  I mean, I joke about all of this rich stuff, and money doesn’t buy happiness, whatever, but it sure as hell makes it easier to be happy.  Most people, yeah, it’d be at least a little about the money, and I think the dude knows that.  Probably kind of accepts it, the way you accept that maybe it’s a little about how you look now.  Thing is, I know you, and I know your type, and I think you’d like Stark if he were…I don’t know, fixing cars down at Manny’s, you know?  And I think he’d like you if you were still ninety-pounds of piss and vinegar.  Might take him a bit longer, sure, but he’d get there.  You should see how he looks at you.  Like…you’re going to disappear if he looks away or looks too long or something.  Hey, I’m just calling it like I see it,” Bucky said at Steve’s dubious look. He held up his hand in front of him in a placating gesture.  “Don’t get me wrong, the guy’s got eyes.  He
“Sorry,” Steve replied. “I just—“ he began, then stopped, because he wasn’t sure what he was doing out here, not really.  “I woke up,” he finally settled on, since it was true enough.  Tony stomped over to where he stood by the tree, hands on his hips as he looked around, before finally letting his gaze fall on Steve.  “I didn’t want to disturb you.”
hate letting people help you, don’t you?” Tony chuckled.   “It’s not a weakness, you know,” he finished, a little more softly.
“Just be nice, okay?  For me?” Steve insisted.  “Though, he does have a nice tenor.”
“You are certain?” Tony questioned, sounding doubtful still.  “The walls will not move, my dearest.  They will be there for another day.  We can wait.”
“You don’t really believe that,” Tony said.  “I know you. Luck, happenstance, butterfly effect, the complete randomness of life, you hate that whole nihilistic idea.”
“---and then, she just showed up back at camp with the thing’s pelt on her shoulders and….” Steve trailed off, his steps slowing, his gaze coming to rest on Tony. “You’re worrying again.”
“I--” Tony started, eyes darting to Steve, who stepped away from his friends and came to Tony’s side. “I was raised by the Clan, but I am Other, like Steve,” Tony told her, his chin jutting out just a bit. “Now, I am Tony of No People,” Tony said. “I am Steve’s Tony.”
The words sent a shock of fiery need spiking down Steve’s groin to the tip of his cock, which grew hard almost instantly.  It had been so long, Steve thought with a plaintive, needy sort of desire thrumming through his belly.  So long. God, he wanted it so badly.  He tried not to think of it, not with everything happening with Tony, but as soon as the words left Tony’s mouth, it was all his mind could settle on, this need, clouding his head and drumming out everything else.
“My soldier seems rather impressed with himself,” Tony replied, then stood and straightened himself.  “What say you, General?”
“Leave it,” Tony said.  “There are…people who handle that.  Or something.  I guess.  Hell if I know.  But don’t worry about it.  If there aren’t people, I’ll get some.”
“Aww, man, that sucks.  Come on over.  I’ve got ice cream, we can braid each other’s hair,” Sam teased.
“You will never be anything other than exactly what I want.  I’ll keep telling you that until you believe me or death do us part. Admittedly, that makes it seem like a completely safe bet on my part,” Tony said with a shrug. “Speaking of things that might complicate matters,” Tony continued, clearing his throat.  “Do you have any idea what it’ll be like with me?  We aren’t going to be able to keep a lid on this much longer. The press…they’ll pick you apart.  Anything they can get their hands on.  One minute, you’re the Brooklyn boy turned war hero.  They next, you’re some gold-digging janitor.  Have you thought about…are
“They fired him.  Because of you.  Do you have any idea how hard it is to get another job when you have a ‘would not rehire’ on you?  They weren’t even going to let him in the Army because of that bullshit restraining order, until 9/11 happened, and they started taking anyone,” Barnes snapped. “He coulda moved up.  Gotten promoted.  Gotten out of there, someone like Steve.  He could’ve gone places.  Before any of this shit,” he continued, banging his good hand on his prosthetic arm, “Happened to him.”
“Did you not just ask that a short while ago?” Steve demanded with an exasperated grimace that was punctuated by a stab of pain that lanced through them as the carriage took the bridge.
“Well…I was wondering if, you know, one of these days, you might—maybe—I don’t know, be thinking about something like that.  An arrangement like that,” Tony said.  He dropped his gaze and looked out the window for a moment.  A semi-truck sped past them, its mud flaps sporting a large, silver O that Tony remembered thinking was pretty when he was younger, before he understood the implication.
“And here I thought you looked fantastic in that ridiculously tight shirt today,” Tony teased, though his voice was rough and caught hoarsely on the words as he spoke.
“Please  Tony, what?” Tony asked, a smile in his voice.  “Please let me ride your cock, Tony?”
Tony didn’t even know if it was the right hall, but it was movement, forward motion, and objects in motion tend to stay in motion unless acted upon by some force, right?  Newton’s Law.  So, a law.  Had to be done, then.  He kept walking, or running now, it was hard to say.  Everything was a blur except the finite, crystal clear path in front of him.  Steve. Steve was here, and Steve needed him.  Even Natalie thought so.
Tony made a non-committal sound, chewing a bit on his lip, though he didn’t challenge that explanation, for which Steve was rather grateful.  Mentioning Brock, even obliquely, felt incredibly awkward.
“How about we take a look at your place?” Tony asked, clearing his throat as the moment of opportunity slipped past unnoticed by Steve.  Steve nodded and followed Tony’s too-quick footsteps out of the gym without comment.
“What?” Tony blurted out, turning all the way around. “No, seriously, what? You’re going to throw that in my face now?” Tony demanded, throwing a hand in the direction of the Hydra guards with their guns shifting nervously between Steve and Tony. “I’m not trying to protect you because I think you’re useless. I’m trying to protect you because I love you, you giant idiot! And the one time I get to try to look after you, you get all huffy about it! Would you just, for the love of God, not throw yourself on the grenade and let me handle things for once in your life?”
“Steve,” Tony repeated. “Hang up. Hang up the phone,” Tony told him urgently, though he could tell the moment it was too late as Steve’s face went from shocked and confused to carefully blank as he withdrew the phone from his ear and hit the off button, staring down at the device in his hand for a long pause before looking back up at Tony.
“Can you call your Board together again?” Steve asked.
Someone really needed to say that.  He needed someone to say that, but no one did, and the God-damn silence was the worst sound Tony had ever heard.
“Sounds fun,” Coulson observed mildly.  “Speaking of, I hear SI is making some headway with ACC,” Coulson offered.  “That’s a bit of a bigger fish than a drone contract.”
told him not to touch me,” Tony protested.
“How is an Air Force pilot different from a jet engine?” Steve asked when Tony sidled up next to him.
“I’m going to sleep in the living room,” Steve said, swinging his feet over the side of the bed.
“It’s possible I skipped a few steps in the food preparation department,” Tony said dully, as he stared into the pantry. “On the other hand, we are going to be well energized.”
“And then what?  After you got the thrust capacity right?” Steve asked carefully, like he was trying to pronounce each word just right.
One deep breath before the plunge, Steve thought, staring down at Tony.
“I’m fine,” Steve huffed out, tapping one finger against the glass window in a slow rhythm as the SUV made its way back to the highway.  “Really, Tony.  I’m fine.”
They were waved through the checkpoint in short order, since the words “Captain Rogers’ Omega” seemed to have some kind of talismanic power over the low-level grunts stuck manning the proverbial door, and parked across three spaces marked for visitors.  He followed his parents out of the limo and stood there long enough for his mother to smooth the wrinkles from the suit she’d picked out for him, a cream-colored number with a soft blue shirt and tie that she said set off his skin, which Tony thought made him look like a giant Easter egg.
“Sure thing, Cap.  Like I said, no big deal. Over.  Done.  Kaput.  Forgotten,” Tony responded, faster than he intended.  He turned away before Steve could say whatever it was Steve was clearly girding himself to say.
,” Anthony said.  “
…fuckity, fuck, fuck, God, yes, there.
“Lizzie?” he called out on instinct.  Surely, she wouldn’t...but who else would be out on a night like this?  She worried, that was the thing.   Him up here, all by himself, she worried something would happen and no one would be here. After Peggy died and Angie moved out, she took on taking care of Steve like one of her projects, as much as he argued she didn’t have to, but she had to have enough sense not to come out on a night like this.
“Fine,” Tony said after a beat, then waited for the rest of the spy-shaped shoes to fall.
I'd also like to thank Joss Whedon for Age of Ultron making all my headcanons about how messed up Steve is into canon.  Made writing this a lot easier!
“Bag do something to you?” Tony asked from the doorway, startling him.  Steve’s head swiveled around so fast he felt a wash of dizziness for a moment, and reached out to rest a glove against the swinging bag, as much to have something to touch as to stop its motion.  Tony was leaning against the doorframe, looking like he had just come from a meeting or something that required the wearing of a suit instead of the usual hard rock t-shirt and jeans he favored around the workshop.  It looked good on him, Steve couldn’t help but notice, though it jarred him for some reason.
“You’re finally here, I see,” Fury observed, stating the obvious for effect because that was what he did sometimes, hoping the other person would be irrationally compelled to start adding information.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, sounding wrung out.  “Yeah.  It really was.”
going to fuck this up for me.  Do you hear me?”
“You have literally zero idea what I’m working on,” Bruce replied lightly. “Come on, Tony. Give over. You’ve been acting off for the past few…ah. Okay, I see it now.”
“Well, Stark, it was a bit hard to miss since it kept popping up on any screen I attempted to access, but yes, I got your memo. Very, uh, thorough,” Fury noted, obviously impressed. “Rule Number Four is still illegal, though, and no, I don’t think just showing the jury a picture of Steve will be enough to sway them.”
“Get better,” Tony replied softly.  “Steve, from the moment I met you, you always took care of me.  Let me take care of you this time, okay?  Please.  Please, Steve.  Let me do this.”
“What? No,” Tony answered absently. His mind was whirring around something, a shadow in a dark corner that he could just barely see, but it was there. “Maybe,” he amended. “I don’t know—I thought—okay, look, I thought maybe Barnes, you know? Steve’s all,” Tony continued, throwing his hands in the air, which hopefully communicated to Bruce whatever it was Steve was about Barnes, because Tony sure as hell didn’t know. “About him.”
“You three are ridiculous,” Nat put in.  “Can we go?”
“They have you supposedly attempting to bribe a Senator and not exactly denying that you were trying to sell your tech to the highest bidder on the black market. This is serious, Tony,” Matt told him in a hushed tone. “And whatever you may think of Stern, his word is not nothing, Tony.”
They made it back to their shared bedroll, and Tony shifted Steve’s head onto his chest, just below the metal disc, running his hands through Steve’s hair in a rhythmic motion. Steve surprised himself by promptly falling back to sleep, only waking when Bruce put his pot to boil over the fire.  There wasn’t much ground to cover before they reached Brookland, so they could afford a few extra moments this morning, though Steve woke to a kind of anxious need to hurry, if only to get it over with that much sooner, and he wasn’t the only one who seemed to feel that way.
The elevator doors slid open and Tony hurried inside, hitting the button for the Medical floor, then hitting it a few more times for good measure.   The woman got on, too, but hit a different button.  Red hair, Tony noticed absently, rocking back and forth a bit on his heels.  The elevator was too confining.  He needed to move.  His hands suddenly couldn’t stay still.  He clapped them together, making a snapping sound with his fingers, then looked over at the woman with a flash of chagrin before turning back to look at the lighted number panel again.  He frowned.  For a moment, it just didn’t compute.  Maybe because it was so completely unexpected.
“Yeah,” Tony said dully.  “Yeah, shit.  There’s no way that’s not going to be an issue.  Can you get in front of it?”
Steve’s mouth was dry, his throat tight, his whole body felt like it was thrumming with the kind of energy he felt before marching into battle.  There is no going back now, Steve thought, his mind careening towards some kind of precipice as he watched Tony draw in a deep, shaky breath. What have we done, he wondered, and then thought, it’s too late.
Tony sat the bottle back on the coffee table with a loud thump, the sound echoing through the darkened room too loudly in the quiet.  You needed quiet for this, he thought.  Noise somehow made this whole thing all the more pathetic.  He’d mentally agreed when he placed Pepper’s hand in Happy’s, the two of them beaming at each other, to give himself this night, one night.  Hell, not even—fuck, what time was it?  Not even a night.  A few hours.  Then he would go back to reminding himself that he was Tony Stark and none of this had ever mattered.
“Because I’m so good at communicating my feelings like that,” Tony scoffed, then stuck his face into the shower stream, squinching his eyes shut before turning around and scrubbing a hand over his face to wipe away the excess.
“Are you?  Interested, I mean?” Steve asked carefully, looking down at Tony, who this time, didn’t look away.
Steve was staring at him.  He was sure his mouth was hanging open.  You’ll catch flies that way, Stevie, he thought to himself in his mother’s voice.  He closed it, cleared his throat and looked out at the audience of cameras and tape recorders and people who wanted an angle, no matter the cost.
“Well, I’m pretty sure the last time I saw him, he was pulling me out from under a Hum-drum-vee,” Rhodey replied quietly, staring at the closed bedroom door with a deep frown.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter after the long wait.  As always, a big thank you to tastes-like-coconut for the beta.  That is so incredibly helpful.
“Almost roasting alive in a dockside whorehouse has the singular upside of tending to sober one up,” Tony replied, looking down and away for a moment, mouth twisting into a grimace of disgust.
“I never want to stop with you,” Tony breathed out, laying his forehead against Steve’s as he fought for breath. He straightened, his dark eyes boring into Steve’s. “My treasure,” he rasped out in a voice thick with emotion, bringing his hands up to cup Steve’s face. He smiled then, soft and strangely sweet, and slowly dropped his hands.
“Tony, what are you talking about? The thing with Thanos?” Steve asked, “You didn’t—that wasn’t you, and we won. We won, Tony, and we all lived, and that’s—that’s what’s important.”
“Sure,” Steve said, shooting a quick, quizzical look at Tony.  “Happy to oblige.  I’ll pay for the damage to your station, of course. Wouldn’t want the taxpayers stuck with the bill.”
“Take a picture. Get my good side,” Tony said, motioning hurriedly to Rhodey.  “Send it to this number.”
“Will do, Sugarbear.  Hug Rainbow Sprinkles for me, okay?” Tony replied with a small, fond smile.
It honestly hurt more because he’d known.  Deep down, he had known.
“Why am I instantly concerned?” Steve asked carefully, his eyes narrowing as he studied Tony.
“I like you, Tony.  You.  Yes, what we did the other night. I liked that.  But, I like you.  The smart, funny, insane, generous, incredible person I met.  I like the man in the painting.  I like you,” Steve told him, nearly chewing on the words as they worked their way through his teeth.  “I’m trying to…to tell you how much.  To make you understand.  I can’t stop thinking about you.  I scoured the web trying to find your profile again. I’ve been working double shifts at the restaurant telling myself I was doing it so everyone else could have off for the holidays, but really, I was saving up, hoping I could figure out how to contact you again.  I can’t even sleep on my comforter anymore because all I do is think of what you looked like on it.  I like you, Tony,” he finished, voice going soft and pleading, willing Tony to understand.
Translation:  Tony needs someone.
“Yeah, okay, so, hospital for you,” Rhodey interrupted.  “Steve, you want to fill me in here?”
Maybe he'd judged Steve a bit too harshly, in a way. He could concede that much. He knew, in hindsight, at least, that he'd idealized eking out an existence in a way that only someone born to privilege, who has never known the ache in your stomach from skipping a meal you couldn't afford or what it was like to watch a parent work long past when their health should have allowed it. He'd been thinking about their future, and, by the look of the list of phone numbers and hourly pay in that ledger, Steve had apparently been trying to figure out a way to keep food on the table and the lights on in their crappy, if adorable, little love nest.
After the check was settled, Tony tore off the top of the rose and tucked it into his lapel, only to find Steve smiling fondly at the gesture, which left Tony both embarrassed and filled with a strange, warm excitement that bordered on giddiness. Enough to make him bump into his chair as he tried to turn, so smooth, fabulous, going so well, he thought with a frustrated grimace. Steve just moved Tony's chair out of the way and handed him his coat. They both shrugged into their coats and headed out into the brisk Brooklyn air.  It was dark, though there was plenty of light from the cars, streetlights and various restaurants and shops still open this time of night.  Swarms of New Yorkers blessedly ignored them, for the most part, as Tony followed Steve to either dessert or Site B.
“Gods, fuck,” Tony bit out, hips bucking at the new pressure. Steve dropped his hands to Tony’s knees, pushing them apart.  He heard Tony whine as he ghosted his fingers up and down the inside of his thighs, lower and lower until he ran a slick finger over Tony’s entrance, teasing at it a bit before he slipped a slickened finger inside him.  Steve took his time, as he always did, enjoying watching Tony come apart as he worked his body open.  By the time Steve added a second finger, Tony was trembling, legs shifting further apart as he grunted at the new fullness.  He sometimes thought he could watch Tony like this forever and never tire of it, the way his lids grew heavy over dark eyes that watched Steve’s movements with a fierce sort of tenderness.
“It’s okay, if you did.  Actually, it’s not bad.  At all, really .  The quotes they have.  It’s just that we like to control the message.  Tony, you should put him in charge of all your press,” Ms. Potts admonished lightly as she sank down on the sofa.  “Christine Everhart has what she’s calling an exclusive statement from your new husband here.”
“He doesn’t give two shits about your reactor project,” Steve said, standing up abruptly and walking over to the kitchen counter, hands fisted at his waist.
Tony sucked hard, drawing the dark pink skin up into his mouth and letting his tongue swirl in circles around the areola before releasing it.  Steve was making gasping, needy little groans that were going straight to Tony’s cock.  He took in a deep breath, then slowly let the air out of his lungs, and reached down to pinch the head of his own cock, because, unlike Steve, he really had one shot at this and if Steve kept looking and sounding like that, it was going to turn into a somewhat less eventful evening than he had in mind.
He stopped, just under the arch of the doors that led from the bedroom, and looked across the room at Tony, who sat at his worktable, with a metal pin tucked in his mouth while he used a small, ball-pointed hammer on some kind of gear and shaft contraption that Steve didn’t recognize.  Steve sank down to his knees on the stone floor and bowed his head slightly, waiting.
“Good,” Tony replied, low and fierce.
It was an odd thought, one of many that drifted through his mind the last month or so, this idea that he had something he wanted to share with Steve, but he couldn’t quite push it away.  He wasn’t even sure if he wanted to anymore. Instead, it sat there, hanging in his head like a cord to a lightswitch he was afraid to pull.  Careful there, Tony.  Might not like what you see if you cast too much light on it.
“But we aren't regular. We're you," Tony protested. "Please?”
“Ah…no.  The, ah--the President of the United States,” Coulson corrected almost gently.  “Who called the Governor of Massachusetts. Who called the President of MIT.  Who was persuaded that a pilot program for Omegas, starting with you, was an excellent idea.  Congratulations.”
“He’d tell you to go to hell,” Steve said.
“Mid-forties, brown hair, brown eyes, in good shape, about yea tall,” Natasha said, holding her hand out.  “Or maybe here. Anyway, he’s cute.  Not red-and-gold-metal-suit-cute, but cute. You’ll like him.”
“We’re not changing our minds,” Steve called out.
“I like it when you talk,” Steve said.
“Then why didn’t you?” Tony asked.  His eyes stung.  He blinked and looked away, mouth flattening.  He knew why, didn’t he?  Same reason Steve was sending him away to MIT.  Because this was ridiculous.  Because
“Why do they think that?” Steve asked curiously.  “I barely even see anyone outside of here, except his guards and Ms. Potts, and I can’t imagine her sharing the King’s secrets.  General Rhodes, once, and those who care for his room and bring his food.”
“I like how responsive you are to me.  I like how you felt under my hand.  I like the sounds you gave me when you came.  I like how hot and tight you were around my cock.  So beautiful.  You have no idea, do you? So very, very beautiful for me,” the King continued in that same low, rough voice that scraped over Steve’s skin, sending shivers of heat arcing down his length until his cock was hard, straining against the loincloth, and he knew the King could see it, feel it, and it was terrible, awful, wrong, and he wanted it anyway.
“Tony!” Steve gasped, his back curving as he buried his head on Tony’s shoulder and ground his forehead into Tony’s neck.  “Please, I—”
“Miss me?” Tony asked with a jaunty wave.  Natasha and an African-American man he didn’t recognize flanked Barnes like angry terriers.  “Nat, Random Guy,” Tony acknowledged with a nod.
This could be enough.  Part of Steve. That’s all he asked.  Part of Steve got to be his, only his.  That was enough.  He could make Steve happy.  Give him what he wanted.  That would be more than he ever though he’d get, after all.  More than he ever expected.  Why did it seem so small now?
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Tony said with a rush of relief.  “Obie, we can do this.  You and me, we—“
When they reached the menswear section of the store, four salespeople seemed to materialize out of the ether, waving at them with painted-on smiles.  It didn’t take long for Steve to be stuffed in a dressing room, while Mary Pat, Mary Kate, Mary Francis and Tovah, or whoever the hell they were, played lifesize Ken doll.  Tony flopped down in an armchair and pulled out his phone, scrolling through his emails from Professor Thorne.  Wrong again, he thought, reading through one of the messages from Grad Student Bobblehead Series 3 (still in box).
Rhodes’ words about the change he wrought on Tony, the influence he could continue to have, filtered through Steve’s mind as they rode up. Always, in his head, what could be warred with what was.  He had made his decision, he told himself, looking over at Tony. But, it was not an easy one.
“We didn’t know,” Malcolm said quickly. “We swear. We didn’t know it was him.”
He suspected these were not books approved by the Church, at the very least. Who knew what manner of learning they might hold?  As fantastical as Steve knew his mind’s wanderings were, the story he was mentally fashioning at least offered
“A bit,” Kirk admitted, glancing away.  A little more than a bit, Steve thought, though he didn’t press it.
“Hey, they were doing their jobs, Tony,” Rhodey supplied quietly, but firmly.  “I told you. That is not on you,” he said, emphasizing each word carefully.
“I can try, I guess,” Steve offered, reaching out a hand for the club.
“Peachy,” Tony spat out.  “That is, assuming you’ve decided to stop being a dick about all this.”  That…was not quite the cajoling, bygones-be-bygones kind of start he’d planned to have, he thought with an inward sigh, but it seemed all he was capable of at the moment.
“Sorry,” Tony said with a grimace as he gently pressed the cloth to Steve.  “I’ll have them be sure to leave warm water next time.”  It was cold, but not uncomfortable, Steve thought, though the thought had little substance to it.  Letters formed into words, that was all it was.  Everything was feeling right now, and this feeling wasn’t bad, so he settled into it and let Tony clean him.  “You should soak tomorrow.  Not that I don’t appreciate your enthusiasm, but you are far too rough with yourself.  I noticed the first night, too.  You must take your time.  There is no hurry.  Besides, I like getting you ready. I know some don’t, but…it pleases me,” the King added, giving his head a little shake as his brows drew together and his lips tugged up at the corners.
What if Steve was still waiting for him?  What if that was what was on the other side?  Waiting.  For him.  To catch up.  To be able to open up.  To risk being vulnerable.
“Breathe.  You’re making me nervous.  Look, its fine.  Good even.  Really,” Tony assured him at Steve’s rather incredulous look.  “Pep’s not even mad.”
“Dude,” Clint said with a huff of air as he leaned back.  “You cannot do this.  I seriously can’t take it.  Not again.  I thought we were past this shit?  He’d gotten better.  I thought he was finally moving on.  And now the same crap starts right up again?  With his memory wiped?  Man, that’s just not fucking on.”
“To see what we’d do, I guess,” Steve replied.
“You always call me old-fashioned,” Steve reminded him. “Figured you’d like this.”
Tony just smiled and went back to work worrying at Steve’s nipple, drawing it into his mouth and sucking lightly, laving his tongue over it in slight, sweeping motions, before wrapping his lips around it and sucking hard, earning a sharp cry from Steve as his back bowed into the pressure.  Tony released it with a lascivious grin and turned his attention to the other, bringing his fingers up to rub the now-sensitive between them as he suckled at the other.  Steve was pretty sure he was panting at this point, he couldn’t seem to get enough air in his lungs to make them work properly.  He wasn’t sure how long Tony was at it, it seemed just past too long, feeling the ache in his nipples as Tony continued his ministrations running a sharp line of need that went right down to his cock.  Tony released his hand from a nipple and moved it down to cup Steve through his pants, causing him to buck up against Tony’s hand.
“So…pizza?” Tony tried.  “Pizza’s good with me. You still feel like movie?  Try to contain your excitement.”  The car was turning off the main road onto their gravel-covered dirt driveway, the tires making a rushing crackling sound as they did.
I don’t want it to always be a fight, Steve thought, daring a look up at Tony through his lashes. Tony wasn’t watching him, seemingly engrossed in his paperwork while Steve disrobed.  He wasn’t even sure what he meant by that.
“I thank you, Ul-Tarn. Your generosity is well-known to all, and such a display of it does credit to your people,” Tony replied formally, bowing his head slightly in acknowledgment.
.  Then the dramatic rescue led by Lt. Col. James Rhodes among others, who was apparently a close friend of Tony’s and worked as some kind of liaison between Stark Industries and the Air Force.  Upon his return and recovery, Tony had set about making a number of controversial changes at the company, which were the subject of many of the financial articles he’d scanned.  Impact on stock prices from new ventures somehow being tied to the question of Tony’s mental state.  Steve couldn’t help feeling affronted on Tony’s behalf.  Tony wanted to move the company to something that could benefit millions if it worked, providing a clean, sustainable energy source that could power hospitals, dams, water filtration stations, and the like, all at a fraction of the cost of delivering that kind of power today and so, naturally, Wall Street questioned his sanity.  There was apparently a lot of dissention on the Stark Industries Board of Directors about it as well, even rumors of an attempted ouster.  The corporate world had always been largely beyond Steve’s orbit, but the idea that they’d want to remove Tony for trying to do something good after everything he’d given to the company, nearly died for it, seemed beyond the pale.
“Agreed,” Pepper said.
“The Raj’Inama belongs to the King, and the King alone,” Tony intoned, his voice cold and sharp, like a knife’s blade cutting through laughter. “As I am sure you know, Tarn.”
“Steve, look, I--” Brock began, “Look, it just sort of slipped out, okay?  Come on, we’re all friends here.  It’s not like they’re gonna say anything to anyone. Right guys?”
“Shhh, it’s alright, Steve.  You don’t have to say more than you need to,” Tony offered in a gentle tone. “You know it wasn’t real.  You’re safe. You’re safe, and…
was changed, that was for sure.  He didn’t think he could ever be the same, not after something like that.  He felt energized. Excited, even a little giddy, but mostly, he was grateful.  Grateful that he got to have an experience like that once in his life, because he was fairly certain there wasn’t going to be much to compare to it, and he needed to tell Shellhead that.  The last thing Steve wanted was for Shellhead to think Steve was distraught by the events of the night before. He was a lot of things this morning, but
He understood Steve’s need to do what he did.  He got it.  Really.   Or, probably, he didn’t, not really or not quite in the right way, in the way that burrowed itself down into Steve’s brain and came out the other side with an almost methodical brutality, but close enough.  He belonged to Steve, and someone had touched him, put their hands on him, hurt him, and Steve couldn’t function in a world where those people still existed.  It should probably bother him.  That level of violence.  Tin Man, he thought to himself, splaying his hand over his chest.  He’d have to ask the Wizard for a heart and few fucks to give, he supposed.
“You’ve truly never heard of anything that could cause those kinds of effects?” Tony pressed, his attention sharp on Bruce now.
“Tony,” Steve said again, a sigh in his voice.
“Sounds good,” Tony mumbled.  There was one other email in his inbox, this one from an unknown sender with a large document attached.  “J, scan this other email for me, would you?”
“Yes?” Tony pressed when Steve didn’t continue, drawing Steve’s mind back to where he was.
Finally, Tony pulled his mouth off.  A long line of spittle clung to his lip for a moment. Steve watched it, mesmerized, until it broke.
“I didn’t mean to—sorry,” Tony said quickly, stepping back far enough to put some space between them.  He looked down the road for Happy, mainly to give himself something to concentrate on that wasn’t Steve.
“Yes?” Tony queried, finally looking up at Steve.
Comments and kudos are my life and motivation. Find me on tumblr, twitter, discord and Dreamwidth as sabrecmc.
“You don’t—we don’t have to,” Tony husked out, studying Steve intently for a moment, eyes narrowed, then dropped his gaze, like he had been expecting to find something in Steve’s expression, but didn’t quite want to see it.  Tony’s looked down and away, eyes skittering across the floor as he shifted back and forth on his feet, then his gaze seemed to drag back to Steve of its own accord.  Tony’s eyes were heavy-lidded and filled with a desolate sort of hope that might have been nothing more than Steve’s own reflection, except that it shifted to something harder, needier, a flash of hunger and lust glittering behind Tony’s dark eyes that sent a spike of heat through Steve’s chest and making his stomach swoop and clench.  Steve could feel himself harden, and remembered the way Tony had looked at him that first night, the feeling it had given him, a sense of power in a world where he seemed to have so little of that.  It wasn’t power that thrummed through him now, not exactly.  Something else, far more potent, he thought.
Steve was too far gone to do more than groan as a third finger followed, filling him completely but not enough. His hips were thrusting against Tony’s hand of their own accord, seeking, searching, wanting more, his cock full and hard, bobbing against his stomach with each thrust.  He let out some kind of noise when Tony withdrew his hand that didn’t at all sound like something that would come from him, but he couldn’t bring himself to care because Tony was panting and sweating and looking at him like he was all that mattered in the world.  He was also saying something stupid about whether or not Steve was sure about this, which Steve had really had about enough of, so he just reached down and wrapped his hand around Tony’s erection and shifted his hips a bit to get the right angle, pressing Tony’s cock against his hole and applying enough pressure to pull the man forward, the head of Tony’s cock pressing past his barrier and disappearing inside, and that, God, yes, that was what he needed, what he’d been wanting, this feeling of being full, too full, stretched and breached and filled.  He didn’t think it could get much better, but then Tony was pressing inside, thrusting deep and sliding all the way inside him, and Steve just let his head loll back, enjoying the slide and burn and stretch as Tony thrust, in an out, deep, sweeping strokes at first, the tip of his cock brushing tantalizingly against that bundle of nerves, driving Steve crazy with need.  Finally, Tony’s thrusts became erratic, hips snapping in no kind of rhythm as his balls brushing against the cleft of Steve’s ass clenched and tightened.
“I…don’t understand that reference, but I guess I’ll take it,” Steve said, grinning up at Tony with a wide, somewhat goofy grin that made him look less supersoldier and more Air Bud ready to take his shot from the foul line.   “You’re beautiful, Tony.  You’re so beautiful.  How could you think I wouldn’t want you?”
The ride over to the Linq Hotel’s promenade was relatively short, even with traffic, though the silence in the car made it feel as if it took far longer.  Steve’s mind kept making abortive attempts to come up with conversation starters, but everything sounded like an apology, and what could he really say?  Sorry, I panicked because I think I left the fake part of this behind a while ago and only just realized it?  He sighed and looked over at Tony’s profile against the bright lights filtering through the car’s window.  Not that it was any kind of a tragedy, being sweet on someone like Tony.  Maybe they could even have a bit of a fling, once all this drama was over.  Tony wasn’t going to pull out of town immediately, after all.
“Are you kidding?” Brock cut in, “Course it is!  Why are you being--look, Steve, I’m telling you, we’re gonna be on easy-street, you’ll see.  It’s gonna be great,” Brock promised.  “Why shouldn’t we celebrate?”
“None of that is…it isn’t on you, Tony.  Not you,” Steve insisted, looking up at Tony for a long moment before dropping his gaze back to the sketchbook in his lap.  Tony followed Steve’s gaze and stared at the sketch for a long moment.  Tony with a relaxed smile on his face leaning against the tree, hair swaying a bit in the breeze, looking up at the sky with eyes bright with an expression that Tony barely recognized.  Steve set the drawing aside and fisted his hand into the top of his thigh, rubbing up and down for a moment before looking up at Tony.  Tony tracked the movement, sighed and let his eyes fall closed.  Too bright, he thought.
“Okaaaaaay.  But, why is the toaster programmed to burn my toast?” Steve queried, probably reasonably, but really, coffee.  Seriously.  It was right there.
“Hi,” Peggy deadpanned flatly, then tipped her sunglasses down her nose with one finger and gave the camera a wry look.  She pulled them off and tucked them in her lap, squinting at the camera. “You already got the fireworks last night.  Put that thing away for a bit, maybe?”
do, seeing only the parts of my life that were missing or messed up,” Steve began, picking his words carefully.  It seemed important, to explain himself to Shellhead. He owed his friend that, true enough, but he wanted to say it, too.  He wanted Shellhead to know how important all of this—how important
This was what Colorado was, Steve realized with a sharp pang.  Or, would have been, if they’d just gone, if Ross hadn’t happened, if Zemo hadn’t happened, if…well, if.  This was what Tony had been trying to recreate, some version of this place he had once visited with Jarvis and Ana, where he had been happy.  One of the few places, Steve suspected, where Tony had been truly happy, truly free, running around and getting dirty, catching fish and having adventures.
“Hey,” she called out as he approached.  “Didn’t think we’d see you here so soon.”
“We shall begin our descent momentarily, Sir,” Jarvis responded.
be really good?” Brock demanded.  “Are you saying it isn’t good, is that what you’re saying?  That
“I’m not…too good for you,” Steve managed to rasp out when he could finally get any part of himself other than his dick to cooperate.  He wound his hands behind Kirk’s back and up over the smooth skin and knobs of Kirk’s spine, skin he’d painted, lines he’d drawn, etched in his head now, but feeling the real thing, getting to touch, he didn’t think he’d ever be able to capture Kirk’s likeness, not really.  Just some shadow of it.  “You’re amazing.”
The King looked up at him and rolled his eyes, then went back to the parchment.
“I should go say hello to the DAV repos. They worked so hard on this and, well…then I guess this is good night.  Hope you…well, have fun, Tony. David, it was a pleasure to meet you. I’m looking forward to our talk about the exhibition,” Steve managed to choke out before turning and practically running as far across the room as he could legitimately get.  He thought he might have said something, hopefully something in the vein of thanks, to one of the DAV chairpersons, but he honestly couldn’t be sure. He hoped he’d remembered to excuse himself before making his way to the men’s room and locking the door quickly behind him, gasping for air that wouldn’t come.  This was…this was…so not the appropriate reaction, he thought sullenly as he caught sight of his red face, bright eyes and clenched fists in the bathroom mirror.  He rested his hands on the cold porcelain of the sink and bowed his head, taking deep, even breaths.
“Must the boy speak for you?” the King asked with a flat grimace.  “Have I not given you—“ he broke off and looked away, an flash of annoyance crossing his features before he masked it with a sardonic, practiced expression that twisted his lips and made his eyes empty.  “This is where you--
“You saw…” Steve started, frowning in confusion.
“And how would you paint me?” Tony asked, voice tinged with curiosity.  “I can think of many ways I would enjoy such a pursuit,” he added, tone going low and smooth.  In his mind’s eye, Steve could see it all. Tony lounging on the bed in a pile of silken pillows, all smooth, golden skin, looking at Steve with half-hooded eyes.  Hands behind his head, cock hard, a small, challenging smile on his face.  Steve could feel his face warming under Tony’s gaze and was sure the man knew where his thoughts lay.
Comments and kudos will be kept in secret drawers to look at when I'm feeling down.  Thank you all!
“The King requested that you come assist him in his workshop tonight,” Steve said, which managed to get the boy’s attention the way a squirrel running captures that of a dog.  Cam’s head swiveled back around to Steve and his eyes went wide.
Tony felt beautiful.  He felt luxuriously, gloriously beautiful.  He stretched, pointing his toes, arching his back and lifting his arms above his head.  Watched Steve’s expression shift, eyes going dark and possessive, narrowing, and catching the light with an almost feral gleam.  He was preening.  A bit, he knew, thinking about the model in the magazine and letting one hand fall languorously against his check.  Steve licked his lips and his whole body shuddered with some unseen force.
Tony reached for the bottle and held it up in front of him, swirling the remaining contents around in the bottom before bringing it to his mouth and swallowing the rest, squeezing his eyes shut as they watered where it burned a path down his thorat. He was thrilled for Pepper and Happy.
Tony was nodding.  “I get that.  For me, particularly after Afghanistan, it’s control.  The need to be in control.  People think it’s because I think I’m so much better or smarter or whatever, and yeah, okay, I’m not exactly the poster child for a lack of ego, but the truth is, I’m mostly just terrified that something is going to go wrong, and that’s going to be on me.  I won’t be good enough.  I’ll miss something.  I’ll miss something, and people will die.  Because that’s what happened, and that’s on me.  So, this?  All of this with Batroc and Obadiah and the rest of them?  Hell, even you.  It’s—I’ve got to do it.  Me.  Matt wanted me to go to the authorities, and I—I couldn’t.  I told myself, it was because I couldn’t trust that they weren’t compromised, not as high as this goes, and that’s true enough, but it’s not all there was to it.  I wanted to do it my way, where I’m the one with my hand on all the moving parts because I can’t let something go wrong again.  I can’t.  So, if we’re doing this, you should know that about me.”
“I’ll tell him about Barnes,” Natasha was saying.  “And SHIELD.  Get him copies of some of the mission reports or something—it’s all on the Internet now anyway, so that shouldn’t be hard.  Hey,” Natasha paused.  “You okay?  You were kind of freaking out on us out there.”
could be enough.”
“Strangely, I believe him,” Tony said, clapping his hands together.
“I know that,” Steve said.  He rolled his lips together, then looked down at the rug.  “Maybe we could watch them together sometime,” Steve suggested, leaning over and whispering it in Tony’s ear.
No one bothering him in the middle of the day with whatever latest and greatest recipe from Boiling for Dummies that he wanted Tony to try.  No one—wrongheadedly--arguing over movies with him.  No one sitting across the dining table throwing ridiculously interesting topics of conversation Tony’s way.  No one insisting fishing was a sport, though Tony firmly believed Steve had been goading him on that one.
After a few minutes, Happy awkwardly cleared his throat.  “So…ah, you and that Bucky guy…you seem…close,” he said, jolting Steve from his reverie.
Disciplined.
“We will go to Lord Ellis’ keep first?” Steve asked, recalling the complicated travel plans that were the subject of much debate and forethought when one traveled with the King.  The palace’s protocol demanded he stop when visiting a region, the length of the stay, who traveled with him and what activities he would take part in were all heavily negotiated beforehand, Steve had learned.
“Okay. Well, thanks. For—for dinner,” Steve said quickly, rubbing a hand across his mouth, probably because even he couldn't quite manage to say that with a straight face.
Rhodes just shrugged, though Steve had to admit, the other man had been good company on the ride back, though most of their conversations covered the safer topics of the recent mission and the changes to the city’s defenses that were already underway, carefully avoiding the other thing they held in common.
“Mr. Rogers…I hate to interrupt your guest with my lecture, but may I continue now?” the professor asked smartly.
This Thank You Fic request was for a blind date AU where Pepper and Natasha set them up.  I went with the premise that Tony never revealed himself as Iron Man and no one knows Captain America's true identity, so double identity porn, whee!!!
“That’s what I literally just said,” Tony pointed out, giving Barnes a look.
“I…I know someone.  A boy.  Cam. He shares a room with me at Zola’s,” Steve said, watching the King’s back carefully.  “He has very small hands.  Steady. Careful.  I’m sure he could…help with…your project, but, he was sent to Lord Stane’s tonight.  For a party.  If you sent for him,” Steve continued, the words falling slowly, carefully from his lips.  His heart was racing, pounding so loudly, he was surprised the King couldn’t hear it.  “If you sent for him, I’m sure he could help.”
His Omega was unhappy and wouldn’t look at him and wanted to sleep, just sleep, with him and would just meet him back at the Tower, no big deal.  Except that it meant he was going to leave Tony after a battle, after he’d been in danger and something could’ve happened, and he was just going to walk away and
“I can’t,” Steve said.  “Tony, please, you don’t know—”
“What?” Tony squeaked, head swiveling around to where Steve strolled next to him.  “Really?  They wouldn’t mind?  I wouldn’t touch anything,” Tony promised.  “I could just look.  They wouldn’t even know I’m there.  You really think that would be okay?”
“Appeared?” Steve repeated.
“Together,” Steve said. The thought rippled over his mind like a stone skimming across a pond.
“It’s just, well,” Tony looked down at his hands and drew in a breath, taking a sip of his drink before looking back at Steve.  “When I dreamt this, about you in the ice, I was… it’s hard to explain, but… looking down at you, I was--”
“I’ve heard the stories,” Steve said again, trying to ignore the stab of pain that spliced his gut at Tony’s cavalier words.  “I also know you spend far too much time in your workshop or with the team for even half of them to be true.  And I know
Tony gave Steve a long, slow look, up and down, head tilting to the side, lips parting into the start of a smile as he took in Steve’s appearance.
By the time Steve got outside with the basket, Tony had the two fishing rods ready with the line and hook twined through the reels and the tackle box neatly assembled with rows of brightly colored lures.
“Jarvis, you promised, you won’t say anything—“ Tony said hurriedly, a surge of panic making the words string together.
Last night had been
A Heat.  The thought sent a heady haze through his mind, drowning out whatever it was Fury was saying.  A Heat. It was a warm thought, too, but a different kind of warmth that flooded through him, coiling low in his belly.  Anthony would need him. For days, Steve would be needed to care for his mate, and that would be all that was asked of him.  Just to take care of Anthony. That would be what he would do, just that. Nothing else would matter for those few days. It wouldn’t matter that there was so much evil in the world, like they had cut off the head of some monster and then let it bleed out its poisoned blood into the ground and waters until they ran red with it. It wouldn’t matter that they forgave the unforgivable in the name of progress or that everything good men and women had died to protect had somehow been put back on the table. It wouldn’t matter that all they had sacrificed, those endless fields of cold, white crosses, all of that was a lesson no one wanted to remember when the same questions were asked of them again.  It wouldn’t matter that it was a zero-sum game, not in those days, when it would be just him and Anthony, and all that was required of him was to take care of his mate.
“He said you saved him,” Bruce continued.
Like this, he could feel every inch of Tony, from the scratch of his beard down to the way his legs curled around Steve’s and his toes gripped the back of Steve’s calves. He was warm and soft, and his hands seemed to be everywhere at once, exploring Steve’s body with abandon.  Finally, Tony tore his mouth from Steve’s, panting hot breath against Steve’s cheek while he stretched, grinding his erection against Steve’s cock and nudging Steve closer with an insistent tug of his knees where they sidled against Steve’s legs.  He trailed his fingers down one side of Steve’s face, his expression hidden by the darkness, then pulled Steve’s mouth to his with a deep groan that sounded like surrender.
“I’ve heard painting can be a good way to relax,” Tony replied, almost gently.
“Wow,” Rogers replied after a long beat, watching Tony toy with the bottle cap on the tabletop in front of him.  “That must’ve hurt to get out.”  Rogers gave a huff of amusement and sat back in his chair, studying Tony with a sudden intensity that made Tony feel like he should be tied to a chair with his eyeballs pried open.
“It isn’t you. You’re, ah. You’re great. You’re actually exactly my—I mean, it isn’t anything to do with you. I just…I haven’t really been with anyone for awhile. Since my last relationship ended, really, and it wouldn’t be—I’d be using you,” Steve rushed out, all in one breath.
Steve swallowed thickly, throat going dry. His heart was pounding in his ears.  It sounded like a door slamming.
“What?” Tony roared, spinning around to take in the full measure of the room, eyes going wide as saucers.  “Are you telling me these are supposed to be—“
. You’ve no reason to, I know, and probably a hundred good reasons not to, but, I don’t think I’m wrong about the kind of man you are,” Rhodes said, clapping Steve’s shoulder and tugging a bit at him.
.  Amazing.  Stupendous. They didn’t make enough words for what last night had been, Steve thought, smiling a bit at the ridiculousness of the thought.  In his wildest fantasies, he could never have imagined the way being with Shellhead made his body feel. If it was wrong, then he would say however many Hail Marys he needed to say, because the sin was easily worth the price.  Surely, though, God wouldn’t have made a body to feel that way and then forbade it?
He stepped out into the water, letting it wash the grit off his skin.  Spat out flecks of sand and swiped his tongue over his teeth, using the saltwater to rinse his mouth. There were streaks of dried fluids flaking across his skin in various places.  He decided not to think about what, exactly, those were and just washed off as best he could. His chest, neck and arms were dotted with small, circular marks, he noticed, now that he was up and in the sun, like the ones he found on his arm when he woke up here on the island.  Looking at them, he felt a tug deep inside the pit of his groin, not quite desire, but like an echo of it. He liked the marks. They made last night more real, in a way, which made an odd sort of sense. Steve felt somehow permanently altered, after all, like someone had remolded him from clay and fired him into something else, and the marks were talismans of that. Tangible proof that he was not as he had been before.
“It’s a Vegas party,” Brock told him, flashing him a grin.  “Figured we kind of had to stick with the theme, right?  Dance with the guy that brung ya, and all that.”
“I’m trying to eat here,” Clint grumbled, jerking his head towards the armor. “I don’t like it watching me. I feel like if I try to take the syrup, it’s going to shoot me.”
Tony’s cock was hard and heavy against the top of his thigh, dripping trails of pre-come as he shifted and rolled into Steve’s embrace.  Steve got one arm under Tony’s head and the other wrapped around his back, reveling in he feel of their bodies pressed together, sweat-slicked and musky with heat and sex.  Tony’s hands were everywhere, roaming Steve’s body with newfound abandon.
It was magical, indeed, he recalled, but nothing like last night.  Nothing in Steve’s life compared to last night. He could still almost feel the raspy glide of Shellhead’s tentacles sliding over his skin, around him,
walked in here and told me, with no certainty that I would even believe you.  Let me take care of you.  Put it all aside, and let me take care of you.”
“You told them,” Steve said flatly.
“Everything’s great, J.  I mean, look around.  What’s not to like?  I’ve got…” Tony broke off, dropping his gaze back down to the hood of the car.  His own face, distorted, funhouse-mirror-style, gleamed back at him.  Him, but not him.  Fine, but not fine.  For a second, he had the crazy thought that maybe he looked like that to Jarvis.  A bit like himself, recognizable enough, but wrong.  Off.  Not
was his home now.  He still couldn’t believe Steve was okay with him having it.  That probably wasn’t going to last, he realized, but he’d take what he could get while he could get it.
“Am not,” Tony snorted, head drawing back in shocked rebuke at the suggestion.
“Leave now, or I’ll never let you go,” Tony told him, then his expression shuttered, and he gave Steve a strange look that felt almost like an apology.  Steve nodded, adjusted his robe and turned to follow the guards back to his rooms.
“Ah,” Tony said, forehead creasing with a frown.  “I am sorry to hear that.  I thought, perhaps…but, clearly no, I--”
“You should sleep,” Tony urged.  They were going to have a tiring day tomorrow, because it had been very good.  Steve had said so, and Steve didn’t lie.
“Okay, so it’s Briar, Booker and then it’s…Doctor Stevenson, the civilian, right?” Steve said, looking down at the notice in his folder.
“Next time, you ride with me, okay?”  Rhodey said, voice tight and thick with emotion. Steve’s arms grasped Tony closer, pressing him so hard into his chest that Tony knew he could feel the reactor, even through the Kevlar, but he didn’t say anything or move way, just kept up a the slight, gentle rocking motion, one hand running up and down Tony’s back while the other cupped the side of Tony’s head, fingers playing lightly through his hair.  Steve had always liked his hair, Tony thought with a strange, slurry sort of fondness that seemed out of place in the middle of the desert, surrounded by troops and helicopters, but the memory grounded him in a way.  Steve was here, and he said it was okay, so that had to be true, because Steve didn’t lie, and he never lied to Tony.
“Tony—“ Ms. Potts objected.
“I don’t know, either,” Tony said.
“Tony,” Steve said.  It was loud.  Louder than he’d meant.  Whip-cracking through the room and snapping Tony’s head around to where Steve stood.  Tony stared at him a long moment, gaze roving up and down over Steve’s form. Steve felt his face warm.  He could never hide that reaction, much as he hated it.  Now, he wasn’t sure he wanted to.  Tony liked it, and that was…pleasing in some way Steve couldn’t define.
…that always accompanied removing the coif of mail and his helm with the aleph on the front.   Assigning to Steve the symbol associated with the stubborn ox during training had likely been Phillips’ attempt at humor, Steve supposed, looking back now. Though, Steve had kept it as his own sigil, long after Phillips wiped his hands of training him and sent him off with Fury, because it had been the first thing that was his, because Bucky thought it amusing, because a part of him still believed in luck, the way all soldiers do, and could not return a talisman that seemed to hold sway over fate, having seen him through more than he cared to recall.
Tony's voice murmured words of praise against Steve's skin, and those somehow hurt more than any blow.  He wanted to tell him to stop to just do it, get it over with, but he knew how much that would hurt Tony to hear, and turning his own pain back onto Tony was the one thing, in all of this, that he could not bring himself to do. He pushed his cock against the cool glass as Tony’s fingers breached him, stretched him and worked him open until Steve thought he would come apart if Tony didn’t hold him together, and then the slow burning pressure of being filled, long, deep thrusts that made his body bow with pleasure.
(aka, FestiveFerret made me write Vampire Tony fic and...this is what happened)
Steve’s mind reeled as Tony’s earlier words filled his head.  If you ever leave my bed without permission again, I’ll chain you to it.  Steve’s eyes darted to the bed.  He licked his lips.  A pull just below his stomach sent a sharp tingle down the length of his cock.  Warmth pooled behind hit, tightening his balls.  He could feel a small spurt of liquid leak out the head of his cock and drip down between his thighs, hidden by the robe, but
those people over there who needed our help. I’m not going to dishonor their sacrifice by blaming you,” he stopped, face softening as he looked down at Tony. “You are not your worst mistake, Tony.  You’re the man who changes the whole world in response to it.”
So, his love life was a bit of a low-bar situation at the moment.
“Thank you. See, he pronounces it correctly,” Tony said, shooting a triumphant look at Pepper.
, and…oh.
“Steve, wait,” Tony rasped out, reaching out one hand to grab for Steve’s upper arm enough to slow him down.  “Look, Steve.  So, ah,” he coughed into his hand.  “Okay, so I get that you’re not exactly ready to believe in this.  Us.  Not saying I don’t understand why.  I do.  But, you’re wrong.  Really, incredibly wrong. About me.  Just so you know. See, I’m in love with you.  You.  Steve Rogers.  Not some college fantasy edition I made up in my head.  Hell, I even love how unrelentingly stubborn you can be. Though, right now, I could use a little less of that, quite frankly.  Don’t mean to judge. Just saying.”
Had it only been a few days since he was in chains at Rumlow’s?  It seemed like another life.  Someone else’s life.  And this…this was someone else’s life, too, wasn’t it?  Not his. He had to remember that.   This wasn’t real.  All of this was at the whim of the King, and nothing here was his.  Not even himself.  The collar around his neck marked him as property, and maybe the jewel said he belonged to the King, but the King was wrong. It told no one his value.  This is not who I am, Steve told himself firmly. This is who I must be, for now, but it is not who I am.   If he forgot that, he would truly be lost.
“There you are!  We’re about to eat without—oh! Oh, sorry! Sorry, I—well, I’ve gone and put my foot in it, haven’t I?”  Maria said with a wince in her tone.  “You’d just taken so long and…well, I…I thought…I’d better check…”
“I mean, I think I owe it to him to tell him to his face that it’s over,” Steve said.
“Of course, Captain,” JARVIS replied.  “Someone must have reported the disturbance because it appears that there are already units on the way.”
“Daniel, do you plan to participate?” Tony asked.  “I’ve heard you are quite the swordsman.”
“Tony?  Tony, what’s wrong?  You…You’re obviously upset about something.  Maybe I can help?”  Steve stammered, thrown totally off guard by Tony’s outburst.  That, finally brought Tony’s gaze to his for a brief moment before he turned his head to the side, as if he couldn’t stand to look at Steve.  Steve was utterly baffled.  Had he done something?  Said something?  He’d only just gotten here tonight.
“In their defense, I’m was a handful,” Tony argued with a smile.  “Look…about Obie…don’t do the eyebrow twitchy thing.  He’s…old school, I know, but he’s not a bad guy, not really.  He’s just…always followed Dad, you know?  He cares about the company.  Really, he does. It’s all he’s ever known.  He never Bonded, no kids.  Just him and Dad, trying to build something out of a few scraps of an idea they put together in Dad’s garage thirty-odd years ago.  This is his life’s work.  He’s just…freaking out about things going to the crapper, and you know—you know—that’s a possibility.  I mean, they’re not wrong about the whole issue with an Omega designing weapons.  Even if my designs are better--”
Why was he even thinking about that stupid radio now?  Whatever bug had crawled up Steve’s ass about it had apparently died anyway, because he’d seen the thing sitting on the bookshelf in Steve’s room some days later when he stopped by to hand off the latest specs for the suit upgrade, which, sure, he could have emailed, and it wasn’t like he was really concerned that Steve hadn’t come to the workshop since the thing with the radio. The thing was…he had actually found himself missing Steve’s visits, or at least noticing that they weren’t happening, which was weird because his workshop was a bit of a sanctuary.  If by sanctuary, you meant a place surrounded by nearly impregnable walls and monitored by an A.I. who was programmed to only allow people inside at Tony’s command.  They were all busy, so it wasn’t necessarily unusual for one or more of them to be gone for days at a time.  Still…he had found himself looking up at the door around lunchtime, half expecting to see Steve’s dark form outside the glass buzzing for entry with food and whatever the latest problem was he wanted to discuss.
“You’re weird,” Tony said, grinning widely, but seemingly oddly pleased.
“Is this like the thing with—“ Natasha started.
“Not going to tell me?  Well. But, the mug, that’s different,” Jarvis continued as if Tony hadn’t spoken, drawing out the word in a long sigh.  “It is the coffee mug you dwell upon, wondering what it
“I know the laws,” Steve said flatly.
“JARVIS?” Steve called out.
“I still don’t understand why…” Steve began.
“Nah, it’s fine.  We’ll deal with any fallout,” Tony assured him. Actually, he was fairly sure there was a lecture in Steve’s future, and while he was all about the whole leave no man behind kumbaya, he wasn’t going to throw himself on that particular pyre for anyone.  “How long were you in for?”
“You’re back!  That was fast,” Steve called out. “How’d it go?  I wanted to call, but I wasn’t sure how long you’d be, and I’d didn’t want to interrupt.  I’ve been dying to hear, though.  Did they go for it? Tony?  What…oh.”
“Can’t you just accept I like you for your body?” Steve quipped, then grinned as Tony’s mouth quirked up into a surprised smile.
“You’re not the only rich guy who gets the private table, Tony, come on,” Hammer protested.  Tony watched his eyes flick to Steve again, tongue coming out to wet his lips as he did, though, thankfully, Steve was studiously studying the wood paneling at the far end of the room or just about anything that wasn’t Justin Hammer.    “Sharing is caring.  Am I right?”
He wasn’t sure if it was the disappointment or the embarrassment that hurt the most.  Maybe it was just too hard to bother trying to separate the two now.
,” he coughed into his hand.
“Not now,” Tony said, one hand stilling lightly where it was halfway through unbuttoning the third button on his dress shirt.
Two mismatched wooden shelves dominated the far wall, filled with stacks of books, an odd assortment of small, glass vases and three of the large, cardboard filing boxes.  There were a few framed photos scattered around the books, and more, free of their frames, propped up against various stacks here and there in what probably should’ve looked haphazard, but Tony could see there was something of a pattern to it, making it look more pleasing to the eye than it should.
That helped. It was okay if Steve wanted this because whoever this was in Room Six with him, they wanted this, too. It was an incredible amount of trust, Steve thought to himself. Maybe that was what he needed from it. The trust. The absolute faith in him that he always seemed to lack after one of their bad days.
“Just…”  Tony looked at him over his shoulder, mouth a hard, thin line, whole body rigid with tension. “Just get in the bed, Steve. That’s what you’re here for, right?” Tony said bitterly as his hands moved to unbutton his pants in quick, harsh motions.  But before he could look away, Steve caught something pleading in his eyes, something desperate and wanting.  Steve felt a white, hot stab of shame at Tony’s words.  However true they were, it hurt like hell to hear them fall from Tony’s lips like invective.  He blinked and looked down at the floor, struggling with what to say or do in the face of Tony’s apparent derision.
“Got that one,” Steve said, tapping at one hanging from a bright red and gold ribbon, “for helping find you. Not a Medal of Honor, but they kind of told me I didn’t have any choice but to take this one.”
, Steve remembered.  That was what the King had promised before he left, and now, lying here, panting and spread wide, Steve wanted that, needed that.  He couldn’t even bring himself to care what it said about himself that he did.
“You’re not going to object?” Tony asked, picking at the words like a wound that had scabbed over and was better left alone.
“Seven grand for your thoughts,” Tony offered with a slight smile.
of this—will work when that happens, Tony, tell me that!”
“What happened to the others?” Steve asked.
“I’m David Sterling.  I own a small art gallery down in Soho and we are currently working on an exhibition that involves photographs that soldiers from various wars took on the front lines.  It truly is a fascinating retrospective of life in the field.  I think you might find it interesting, and I would certainly appreciate any perspective you might be able to offer on the subject, of course,” the man said in a smooth, low voice. The crowd and music was such that, combined with the man’s softer voice, even Steve had to lean in a bit to hear.
.  Steve was suddenly in front of Tony, all shoulders and hands and bulk, standing between Tony and everything else.  The tension he’d been carrying drained from Tony’s body all at once, leaving him shaking as he careened into Steve’s arms.  “Tony, baby…it’s okay.  I’m here, I’ve got you,” Steve murmured into his hair, arms wrapping around him and pulling him even tighter against his chest.  “Are you alright? Are you hurt?  Who did this to you?”
“Oh, come on! No one who works out and practices dancing in the middle of quarantine is entirely straight,” Tony retorted.
“You don't say,” Tony said dully. “When—when was this signed?” Tony asked, flipping the pages over to the signature block, where Steve's careful strokes signed his name, and dated it just a week or so before Steve proposed with coffee and the only family heirloom he had. The week or so before when Howard had been in Boston for that conference.
“Oh, how sweet are you?”  she cooed.  “All the good ones are gay or taken or, apparently, both,” she continued with a teasing frown.  “Seriously, though, congratulations. That’s wonderful.  Soooooo, newlyweds, huh?  Did you get married in Vegas or just honeymooning here?  You said it was unplanned—not even rings?  He pop the question or you?  Wait, don’t tell me.  Bet it was him.  I don’t know why, but you seem like the kind of guy who’d plan everything out.  He’s probably more a fly-by-the-seat-of-your-pants sort, am I right?  But, that’s so romantic, to just decide to go for it, you know?  You just don’t get that a lot these days.  People wanting to commit to each other, I mean,” she wheezed between breaths as she climbed.  “Seems like everyone is always trying to run away from their responsibilities, duck out of what they can, right?  Not your guy, though, huh?  That’s nice to see.”
Pain and sacrifice, he thought, sucking in a breath and feeling strangely grateful when it smelled lightly of sandalwood, something the maid thought he liked, and not the rank, vaguely stale air of a cave. Old air, he thought. He suspected his last breath would taste of old air, but that wasn’t something he shared with anyone. Certainly not today of all days.
“I love you,” Steve replied, the words coming easily to his lips.
2 a.m., shit.  He wanted to go home and be miserable in his own bed.  Barfing in your own toilet was so much better than someone else’s, he found.  Really homey.  He wondered when Ty would be ready to go.  Hopefully soon. He should text him again.  Maybe if Tony offered to blow him when they got back to Ty’s place, he would be willing to leave his cadre of admirers currently fawning over him downstairs.
“Wilson?” Bucky guessed, nodding his head back and forth with a slight grimace. “He would probably not completely suck.”
Tony shut the DVD cabinet and looked up at the mantle clock, which was resolutely ticking towards eleven, when Coulson’s latest message said he expected Steve to be back from SHIELD.  Steve had left sometime in the wee hours of the morning a couple of days ago, when a car showed up at their door.  Steve barely managed to say goodbye to a half-asleep Tony, when he stumbled out of bed, rubbing his eyes and yawning, trying to see what all the fuss was about at o’dark-thirty.
“I like your friends,” Tony said after a moment.
“I can’t even begin to picture you as you describe, but that last part sounds about right,” Tony smiled in return, then it faltered and fell from his face as his eyes gentled.  “This…Bucky.  You must miss him quite a bit.  Perhaps, in time, when you are more settled, you could, I don’t know, invite him here, if he wanted to come.  There will be enough ships making the journey soon, now that the war is over.  A companion.  You should have companions,” Tony said, snapping his fingers together to punctuate the idea. Steve’s heart thudded in his chest, part surprise, part a sort of slow horror that he couldn’t look away from, dawning bright and brutal in his mind at the idea of Bucky, or any of them, seeing him like this. What they would think of him.  “Most of the other concubines do, I’m given to understand. It would be good for you, I think,” Tony continued, unaware of the tumult his words worked on Steve’s mind.  “I am not unaware that you are…isolated, just you and the boy.  Not by design—or, it wasn’t
“Always.  You know it,” Rhodey assured him.  “I got you a husband, didn’t I? A husband, I might add, who is some God-damned-heroic-sonofabitch-soldier, which I know is your type since we met when you hit on me at that party—”
“Why do I have a message from James asking if I knew why you canceled the Board meeting?”  Steve asked.
“Those God-forsaken, tattooed grotesques? Forgive me, General Rhodes, but I think you overstate the risk.  The Chitauri would never dare threaten our borders, Your Highness,” Strucker harrumphed.
“What do you…do with it?  After you pocket your A or—do you art kids get gold stars or something?  A nice high-five, maybe?”  Kirk asked.
Christ.”
“Well, I mean, I’d be okay with a little non-judgmental jealousy, if you wanted to pick a door, just saying,” Tony suggested with a surge of shaky relief.  “I was alone,” Tony said, then let out a bitter husk of a laugh.  “I was the most popular table of one, don’t get me wrong,” he continued with a shake of his head. “Always had people around.  Of course, I had Rhodey and then, Pepper.  Happy, too.  But, it wasn’t the same as having you. I think you might know what I mean.  I read your letters to me.  Some of them, anyway.  You had Barnes and Nat. Thor.  The people in your unit.  All these people, and you wrote to me, even though you thought I’d never read them.”
“I'm—yeah. Fine,” Tony nodded. He rubbed a finger at the side of his nose and looked askance at Steve. “You, ah. So, you—you think the robots are cool?”
Tony huffed out a rough, deprecating laugh and sat up, letting his legs dangle over the side of the bed.  He glanced at the clock.  11:32. Great.  Apparently, crashing from an anxiety binge was great for sleeping like the dead.  With a long huff of air, Tony bent down and grabbed the black Pink Floyd t-shirt wadded up in the pile closest to the bed and sniffed it, catching a hint of motor oil.  It wasn’t so bad it needed to be relegated to the dirty laundry rug he was systematically creating, so he shrugged it over his head.  A pair of heather-grey sweatpants were within reach of his toes, so he picked those up and pulled them on over his boxers.  There were twin streaks of black running down the thighs where he must have wiped his hands at some point, and they were probably a day away from walking themselves to the washer and jumping in, Joe Versus the Volcano-style, but he figured he could get another day out of them.  He couldn’t help grin at imagining his mom’s reaction to his choice of attire.
“Good,” Tony told him, face softening for a moment.  “You’ve no idea how amazing you are, do you?”
The sound of the bedroom door opening made Tony jump, then he sagged against the bed with relief as Ty walked in, followed by a guy Tony didn’t know and a guy Tony recognized as the Boston U-wearing douche from the club a couple of nights ago.  Fucking finally, Tony thought with a grimace, though he didn’t say it out loud.
“Bucky…
“My apologies, T’Omash, it seems I am suddenly starving. Give us a moment, would you?” Tony said with a half-smile twisting at his lips.
“So, why’s this rich, smart, funny—” Steve started.
“Anyway, Barnes is hurt during the whole Gulmira thing.  Pretty badly, too, it seems.  I don’t have the medical records, but he was posted back stateside for medical treatment after a stint in Ramstein,” Rhodey said.  “Then, and here’s where things get murky…”
Waiting for Steve.
“Ah, that’s more like it,” Tony said with a relieved smile.   “My soldier does not like to be coddled, and yet, I rather enjoy the coddling.  Let us ponder who shall win this conflict for a moment, shall we?  Hmm?  No? You appear to be grinding rocks with your teeth, my darling,” Tony laughed when Steve shot him an annoyed look.    “By the way, the merchants will take the opportunity to hawk their wares today.   They will try to catch your eye, have the crowd see your interest.   Perhaps you will see something that sparks your delight?  A bauble, some trinket or fine length of cloth, a decoration for your room? Cam will, in theory, know how to handle things.  Admittedly, this theory is still very much in the testing phase.  Still, anything you want, you’ve only to ask and it is yours.”
“He is,” Steve agreed, smiling up at Tony as he approached the table.
Steve looked over at Cam, who hastily set about stoking the perfectly good fire.
“Neamh-mairbh,” Steve spat out in the old tongue. “
“Reports?” Rumlow chuckled, glancing back at Steve.  “You really are sticking with this whole Boy Scout thing, huh?  Guess it’s kind of a lot, having to be all perfect all the time.  No wonder you’re so wound up, Cap.  Fuck, anyone would be. You sure got Fury’s panties in a twist, though, I’ll tell you that.  Heard they want you to Bond.  Fury and Coulson got a whole line of eager O’s.  Always wanted one.  Unclaimed like that?  Damn,” he said again, shaking his head a bit and making a low, whistling noise that Steve thought was meant to be appreciation, though it didn’t sound particularly appreciative.  “Maybe one day, right?  A few promotions and who knows?  Make an honest Alpha out of me, eh?  Stranger things have happened, “ Rumlow said with a slight shrug.  “Where the hell did Coulson even find the time to put that together like he’s some God-damned SHIELD e-Harmony?” Rumlow asked with a low laugh, raising his eyebrows in question.
“I’m sorry, too.  That you ever felt you needed to hide yourself,” Steve said.
“Figures the government would take something like the Ark, with that kind of power, shove it in a box and put it in storage,” Tony grumbled as the credits rolled over Indy’s theme.
“Yes, yes, my map table,” the King replied, rolling his eyes.  “I knocked the pieces over the other night.  I do that.  Annoys Rhodey when I make light of his toys.  And when I call them toys.  Anyway, you,” the King said, drawing out the word.  “You picked them up.  Put them back.  One of the guards saw you do it before you slunk out of here in the middle of the night totally without permission, which you won’t do again, even though you had a very relaxing bath,” the King added, making a slash through the air with one hand.
Tony sighed, and made a humming noise in the back of his throat.  One of Steve’s legs slung over Tony’s, while Steve’s arm came under his head to cradle him, petting his hair back on his head in long, slow, soothing strokes.  Steve’s other hand was skimming up and down over Tony’s chest, nails just grazing across his nipples, making Tony shiver with the spark of feeling.  Steve rubbed his thumb over one of the peaks in a circular motion, then flicked it with his nail, hard enough to send a cord of something half-forgotten down to the tip of Tony’s cock.  Steve rubbed it again, softly, almost an apology, then moved to the other one, pinching the nub lightly between his fingers, and rolling it between his thumb and forefinger.
“Hey,” Steve said from behind Tony’s back.  He was leaning a shoulder against his doorframe, hands shoved in his pants pockets.
“What about your, ah.  Your
“Hey!” Brock shouted.  “The hell? What’s with the attitude, huh?  Christ, Steve, I’m tryin’ to be understanding here, but you’re making it
Oh, God, Tony thought, abject humiliation washing over him.  He doesn’t even want to look at me.  He probably knows.  Alphas can tell, right?  They all say they’re able to tell, even when an Omega denies it.   Is this how they know?  Can they smell it?  Steve already notices too damn much.
“First time I’ve considered that a plus in a long time,” Kirk muttered, then shook his head and swiped a hand over his mouth as he studied Steve, eyes narrowing as he watched what was undoubtedly a decent blush warming Steve’s cheeks by the feel of it.  “You’re serious,” Kirk huffed out around a laugh that was more surprised than caustic.  “You’re actually serious.  You want to paint me. For your art class.  Because a hooker is cheaper than a model.  Fuck my life.  Honestly.  Just fuck my life sideways.”
Heart thumping, Steve hurried down the hallway and rushed out of the door onto a balcony that overlooked a stunning vista.  Below, he could see the village, and beyond that, the river and boxy strips of fields waiting for planting, all covered in an eerie shadow.  In the middle of the balcony stood a stone pedestal, on which sat a metal bowl, though he barely had time to notice it.  It was above, though, that captured his attention as he skidded to a halt.
“I know—I know you did, Mom,” Tony said, swallowing thickly and blinking at the burning edges of his eyes.
Show-off.
“Uh, yes…yes, we are,” Professor Thorne replied with a small huff of a laugh.  He looked over at Steve, as if in question, and must have gotten a satisfactory response because he turned back to Tony with a genuine smile.  “I can tell Captain Rogers didn’t oversell you.  This way, then.  I think you’ll fit right in.”
Steve wondered if he would be able to make the same compromises if faced with such decisions. Probably not, he admitted somewhat ruefully to himself. But, one compromise made the next compromise that much easier and he well knew what lay at the end of that path, even if Tony didn’t. Or, more likely, thought he would be able to avoid such an end.
Of course, Steve liked their solution.  He got SI and everything that came with that, or he would.  Hadn’t he just seen Steve manipulate his way into a possible drone contract? Don’t read into it, Tony admonished himself sternly.  On the list of Things We Don’t Think About, can we not put The Events, plural?  Get it together, Stark.
Steve grabbed a nearby stool and sat down opposite Tony, spreading out the fare.  “So, what are you working on?” he asked, trying to keep any questions about his recent absence at bay.  Tony usually loved to talk about his work.  Or, really, anything to do with himself, which was generally just fine with Steve.  Some would probably call Tony a braggart, and maybe there was some truth to that, but the man backed it up with genuinely amazing displays of genius, even Steve could figure that much out.  And it never sounded like bragging when he was talking to Steve, anyway.  More like Tony just wanting to share because he thought it was the most interesting thing in the world and who wouldn’t want to know about the most interesting thing in the world?  Plus, Tony actually listened when Steve had a comment or suggestion about how the tech might function better in battle or where a weakness could be exploited that Tony, in his zest for better, faster, stronger, may have missed.
The days quickly fell into a routine.  Steve talked. A lot. Stories about him and Bucky, mostly, but sometimes about other things he remembered, even just silly things, like the way the hot corn the street vendors sold smelled and how good he remembered it tasting when he had enough money to afford it, how beautiful Green-Wood Cemetery looked in the winter, how he remembered when the city was overrun with swine roaming the streets, scavenging for trash when he was little, until the cholera made the city chase them out and then the wealthier folks decided that the Irish and the coloreds could pick up the trash just as easy as the pigs.  Anything, and everything, it didn’t seem to matter to Shellhead, who listened to it all like it was the most fascinating tale imaginable.
“Impertinent,” Tony said, still smiling as he drew back.  He tilted his head to the side and regarded Steve, eyes narrowing as he stroked his hand through Steve’s hair again.  “You are sure you are well?” he asked, his tone dipping to concern. Steve nodded.
He wasn’t sure when he realized he was different.  Wrong-different.  When had his parents’ glances had gone from concerned to furtive to something that might have been pitying?  If it had been pity, it had quickly become laced with something darker, maybe their own guilt slowly burning into penance, he couldn’t be sure.   They’d done a damn good job making themselves unhappy, that much was certain.
“Um…so, I’ll just be going now.  I mean, if that’s…if that’s okay?”  he said.  He saw Tony’s back stiffen, but then Tony nodded jerkily.
, dammit, and that counted for something.  Most people in his position didn’t even bother, and then there were these jerk-offs judging him for every perceived misstep.
“Forget it. Doesn’t matter,” Tony replied, waving his hands in the air in front of him.  “So, swimming? You swim, right? I’ve given mouth to mouth to a dummy before, but that wasn’t exactly Red Cross certified, so…”
Sure.  Because in between bringing down a black market arms ring that operated at the highest echelons of government and running a multi-billion dollar global conglomerate, Tony Stark was going to want to spend his free time getting to know the stripper he had to pretend to marry in order to avoid a felony charge.
“I know. I read it after we first met,” Steve replied.
“Hey, Tony,” Steve finished, voice going slightly soft as Tony grinned in response and came over to bend down, wrapping his arms around Steve’s shoulders and splaying his hands around the bump of Steve’s belly.
“You would stare out the window and daydream when you were supposed to be paying attention, and then draw all manner of strange things all over your work.  And you went off on all kinds of adventures, you and General Rhodes, when you were supposed to be studying,” Cam replied, clearly having stored up that knowledge in some gleeful well in his head until he could no longer contain it.  “What kinds of things did you do?” Cam asked eagerly.
push into him from the end of the alien’s cock. He already felt full and stretched wide around the alien’s cock, leaking the alien’s spend all down his ass, but this was--more.  Definitely more. It felt huge as it pressed into him. There was no place for whatever it was to go, he thought with a momentary panic that rushed in like wind sweeping across the glasslike sea in his mind.  Then, everything rippled in his mind, distorted and reset itself, like a picture going in and out of focus. There was no pain. He was fine.
The problem was, Tony had finished a race he didn’t know he’d been running, and Steve was supposed to be here waiting for him to catch up, except Steve didn’t even know he’d signed up to run.  It was frustrating as hell.
One of the guards opened the carriage door and set a small step down on the ground outside.  Cam hopped out first, then waited dutifully outside the carriage for one of the servants to extend the carpet to the carriage.  He held out his hand then for Steve to climb down.  Steve honestly wasn’t sure if he could walk, let alone do so with any dignity.  It was far worse now than when they’d stopped for a relief break earlier, and Steve had barely managed to make it to the copse of trees for a moment’s privacy before he collapsed against the side of a big oak.
said I couldn’t just smash my fist into that lying asshole’s face.  He swore that wouldn’t work and would just alienate you more.  I thought it was worth trying, but,” Bucky shrugged.
“I—yeah.  I’m sorry,” Steve said, feeling relief and not a small amount of chagrin wash over him.  “That…I hadn’t thought about it like that.  Why you never seem to talk about him much, I mean.  I thought it was…”
Whoa, fuck. That worked.  Thank God, Tony thought, feeling his heartrate return to something approaching mere jumping out of a plane without a parachute as opposed to about to embarrass himself in front of Steve level.  Other parts of him decided to follow suit, thank God, his cock thankfully flagging from full-mast, though not before he had to shift in his seat and cross his legs in a manner that was probably about as discreet as asking to be left alone with an apple pie.
“We both have a lot of should-haves, so let’s not do that to ourselves, how about? It’ll drive us crazy and not get us anywhere,” Tony suggested, rubbing his hand over his mouth to cover his frown.  “Ah…what about you?  Ten years…anything I should know?”
“Celestial navigation,” Steve broke in, making Tony stop and look to the side then back at Steve in confusion.
Well, Steve thought, it wasn’t like any of that was exactly a lie.
“When we were fishing, you said the we caught the only one who hadn’t seen a worm on a hook before,” Tony reminded him.  “Which got me thinking.”
“The things that matter, they haven’t changed, Tony,” Steve said in what Tony was certain was meant to be a reassuring tone.  “Us. That hasn’t changed.”
“Wait…what happened with Hammer?” Steve asked.
He let his hand trail down his chest to the edge of the reactor where the soft, blue glow shone through the t-shirt Rhodey, or someone with a morbid sense of humor, had given him.  Bagram Hiking Club, Est. 2001, it proclaimed across the chest, with a soldier flanked by mountain peaks in the background, and the words ‘Tread Lightly’ in bold script across the back.  Soldier’s humor, half defiance, half ironic acceptance, he thought with a jittery sort of coughing laugh.
“I was thinking we never really talked about that.  Back then,” Steve continued.
Steve lifted Tony’s hips, just a bit, and spread him apart with his hands.  Tony groaned, low and deep. His hole felt distended, leaking and sloppy, wide open to Steve’s gaze.  He felt Steve’s thumb trace the rim, tugging at it a bit, and Tony rolled his lip into his mouth, then let his hands find his nipples again.  He liked that. It hurt a bit, but felt good, and each time he touched his nipples, he could feel it in his cock, like they were connected by a string of ache and need, all twisted together.
“Just… promise to love Peter. No matter what,” Steve replied.
“You really are all about this whole info-breadcrumb dropping thing, aren’t you?”  Tony muttered, puffing out a long breath.  “That why you’re doing this?  Not that I don’t get misplaced guilt motivating unnecessary risks, but the full-on Anna Nicole I asked you to do here is a tad much.”
“My card?” Tony asked, then let his gaze slide over to Steve, who was leaning back in his seat, arms wrapped around his backpack, giving Tony a knowing look.
A stab of self-loathing churned in Steve’s gut.  He would have to do something to make this right, he thought, as he shut the door to his apartment, stripped out of his clothes as he went to his bedroom.  He put on the loose-fitting pajama bottoms and lay down atop the cool sheets on the bed, trying to think of something that could convince Tony that this wasn’t about Tony or anything Tony had done, just Steve and his…his…crush?  That sounded too high-school, but the word ‘crush’ had the ring of desperate truth to it.  That was what it felt like sometimes, being crushed, everything wrung out, every feeling squeezed forth in Tony’s wake, but unable to do anything about it, immobilized by the force of it all.  Which was really just a fancy way of saying scared, Steve thought.  Tony thought he was brave, had said so time and time again, but when it came down to it, Steve had let Tony suffer while he tried to make things easier on himself by pushing Tony away.
“What is it you think I want to say to you?” Steve asked.
“Let me draw you.  You haven’t let me draw you since…well, since before,” Steve said.  “I’d like to draw you.  If that’s okay.”
“Where do you think I got this?” Rollins asked.  He crumpled up a handful of bills from Steve’s pile then dropped them back down.
Finally satisfied with the sketch, Steve brushed the flecks of charcoal away and stared at it for a long moment.  It was good, he thought, and Tony was right. He hadn’t drawn Bucky in a long time. It felt right, for whatever reason. Maybe just that he could remember his friend like this--happy, smiling, at peace--without the usual layer of guilt and grief that typically colored his thoughts.  Maybe that was an accomplishment in and of itself.
“I don’t know,” Steve replied.
He knocked on the door between his chamber and Tony’s and heard Tony call out for him to enter.  As he walked, he could feel the chains sliding across his nipples and cock, and he swallowed hard, throat clicking and a soft moan escaping.   Tony glanced over at him with an interested, considering look that traveled up and down Steve’s body.
“What?” Steve asked, the words not making sense for a moment.  Then he remembered. One kiss. One kiss, and Tony would help him get the plans.
“Go fuck yourself.”
“Yeaaaaah,” Tony admitted, almost reluctantly.  “Probably. But, it’s not required, is what I’m saying.”
Steve let out a short, surprised bark of laughter, then nodded.  His breath was coming in warm, cloudy puffs in the space between them.  He steepled his hands over his mouth and blew into them to warm them, then rubbed them together.
Tony thumbed through a rack of gauzy shirts, florals and pastels that had been attacked by a Bedazzler and lost after a valiant effort.  He pulled out a shirt in a clingy material that had a sheer panel down the middle and held it up to his chest.
“Tony’s idea of fine art involves a lot more vintage concert posters than I would like,” she said, though her voice was light and clearly affectionate. She tipped her head to the side and regarded him for a moment before continuing. “I hope you have a good evening, Mr. Rogers.”
“Feel a bit more like Hagrid, really,” Coulson offered after a beat of silence.  He crossed his hands together in front of him and leaned his elbows on top of the table, nodding at the letter in Tony’s hands.
Elsewhere. Ah.  Of course.  Away.
“Love will do that.  Makes us a bit crazy sometimes, doesn’t it?” Obie asked.
“No,” Steve replied, not for the first time, glad for the beard that seemed to throw people off whatever image their minds tried to find. “I’ve heard a lot about you, though.”
“Okay. Okay, so, you do that. Just...hang in there. Tomorrow, you hear? Whatever...well, whatever this is, we'll deal with it together, Tony,” Rhodey promised.
“If you want a story…if you want a conspiracy that reaches to the highest levels, then let’s talk about the number of veterans who die waiting for care they paid for in blood and nightmares.  Let’s talk about the rate of homelessness among veterans. There’s a bunch of them, just down the road from here in the tunnels the city built for drainage. Or about how the number of suicides is higher for veterans than almost any other group?   Or how the rates of domestic violence tend to spike when you drop a bunch of combat vets back into civilian life with almost no transition. Let’s talk about that for once,” Steve demanded, his voice hard. “Let’s talk about my friend not being able to get the care he needs, not just his arm, but before that, when he needed help and all he got was some pills and a waiting list a mile long.  There are a lot of things we could talk about, but if the thing that shocks you the most, the thing that you understand the least, is me and Tony, then I guess maybe we don’t have much to talk about after all.”
“I’ll sign the damn cards,” Steve replied with a put-upon sigh, hands going to his hips and that little furor forming on his brow as he frowned.  Someone was getting the Disapproving Face, Tony thought somewhat smugly to himself.
“You might be wishing for the mammoth in just a minute,” Steve conceded. He pulled the top of the pouch apart and started doling out the contents.  A packet labeled beef stew was first, along with the flameless heater that came in the kit.  He put the stew on the heater to warm, while Tony eyed the packet that swore it was coffee.  “Electrolyte drink,” Steve said, reaching for the bright green pouch and beverage bag to mix it in.
Steve walked between the two guards as they wound their way through the compound, up a series of staircases and down a long hallway to a set of wood-paneled doors painted a bright red.  One of the guards took a heavy key off a chain that hung from a hook on the wall by the door and unlocked it, gesturing for Steve to enter.  Steve sucked in a breath and stepped inside the room.
“My mother was a concubine to King Howard.  Oh, don’t look at me like that, I’m not his,” Danen said to Steve’s disconcerted look.  “Look at me for God’s sake,” he laughed.  “Anyway, I guess you could say I was born to this life.  Lord Marchant bought mother after King Howard died, and I went to his household until I was old enough to return, but Zola always wanted one of mother’s.  She was very popular in her time.  Not the most beautiful, but no one ever left disappointed.  They say she was one of the few who could make King Howard laugh, there near the end, when all he cared for was his wine and whatever he was trying to build.  And so, here I am,” he said, spreading his hands wide.  “Concubine to King Anthony, not that he ever asks for me.  One day, perhaps some Lord or Lady will buy me, and I’ll retire to their manor, or perhaps not, and mother shall send for me.  Lord Marchant cannot speak or move these days, and his wife is dead these last four years.  Mother has been comforting Lord Marchant’s son during this difficult time,” he finished with a coy smile.
“Wrap your legs around me,” Steve ordered.  Tony didn’t need any more encouragement than that, locking his feet into the small of Steve’s back with a grunt.  Steve squeezed the rest of the contents of the tube into his hand and tossed it to the side, then pressed a slick finger between the curve of Tony’s ass, feeling the muscles clench, then relax as Tony shifted against him.  Steve traced the rim of Tony’s entrance and felt Tony’s head hit his shoulder with a soft thunk, his back bowing as Steve pressed his finger in to the knuckle, then worked it deeper, coating the walls of Tony’s channel while he waited for him to loosen.
“Just needed the right incentive, I guess,” Steve replied with an easy smile in return.
Steve shot Tony a disgruntled, I-told-you-so look that was blindingly familiar.
“I like a strong appetite,” Tony cut in, then grinned, finding something amusing in that which eluded Steve. “And you needed to eat.”
“You had no business taking those classes, and you know it,” Howard sneered. “Using Jarvis’s ID to sign up…typical.  Why would you care that it’s wrong?  Since when would that stop you from doing whatever it is you want?  This whole business with SHIELD, it’s the same damn thing all over again, and I won’t sta—“ He stopped.  Tony watched him visibly swallow the words down.  He could almost see them flow back down his throat, one bob at a time.  I won’t stand for it. Not really your place anymore, Dad, Tony thought with a nearly visceral satisfaction.
There were a few, tinkering laughs, but Steve knew the question had hit a nerve, especially with the whole issue with the Board being on Tony’s mind.
“All I said was that you could have waited back at the castle if you didn’t want to come,” Bruce cut in.  “I’m sure Lord Ellis would have been happy to entertain you further. Did you hear about his mare who is about to foal?”  Bruce asked with a challenging smile.
Steve placed a stilling hand on the side of Tony’s hip, holding him there for a moment, everything going quiet in his head, until it was just the sound of Tony’s breathing and his own heartbeat pounding in his ears. He centered himself low between Tony’s knees and then bent his head, licking a long, flat stripe from the head of Tony’s cock down to the root. Tony cried out, maybe Steve’s name again, but it came out garbled, half a groan. He felt Tony’s fingers swipe across the top of his head for the barest of moments before Tony brought the back of his hand up to cover his mouth, then ran it through his own hair, like he didn’t know what to do with it, shoulders twisting and turning as he tried to keep still.
of the thought.
“Well…rather awkwardly, the building kind of came with keys to each of the units.  Just in case of emergency.  Pepper has them.  Not me.  I wouldn’t…except for that time where I did, but, all in all, I think we can agree that ended well.  Or, will end well.  Not that that’s an excuse, because, obviously, huge invasion of privacy and all that.  Which…yeah.  What I’m saying is—“ Tony tried.
“Poker?” Steve asked.
about letting Tony Stark fuck you for money, now are we?  God forbid, you might fall a few inches off that pedestal Barnes puts you on!”
“I’m sorry.  That—that came out wrong,” Steve said with a twisted grimace.  “I’m.  I’m just tired.  That’s all.  I didn’t mean—“
“Blue!  That’s your color!  Haven’t I told you?  You finally listen when you have an Alpha, I see,” she said with a satisfied smile.  Him in blue. That was an accomplishment for her.  Not the “Army science person,” who was so impressed in twenty minutes of time with Tony, they were getting a contract out of it.  Tony sighed.  He was tired.  Tired of trying to get her to want him to be who he was.  She, at least, didn’t hate who he was.  It wasn’t like with Howard. She just…wanted him to be who
, he mentally recited Barton’s words.
“Ah, the…fish?” Steve said.
“We are so screwed,” the older one said with a heavy sigh.
“Look, Steve,” Stark began with a sigh.  “Iron Man…I built the armor, and then, I needed someone to fly it, to make it do what I knew it could do.  He’d be the first to say that he’s just a guy in a tin can, okay?  He has to keep his identity secret, for a lot of reasons, and I go along with it because he wants it that way.  So, when someone asks, he’s just a guy in a suit, okay? Easiest answer.  No details. No story to chase.  Boring!  Nothing to see there, move along, but, hey, look at me, Tony Stark!  Tons of juicy story there, right? Iron Man? That guy?  Just a guy in a suit.  See? Easy.”
“Did you mean it?” Tony asked, slowing down as the crowd parted around them.
!” Tyber finished with a growl.  He threw something at Steve’s feet, which Steve bent down and picked up, tucking it into one of the pouches at his waist.
the thing.  You love it because I made it—you said, don’t think I didn’t hear it---you think the thing is completely awesome.  You’re going to go into your crappy apartment, shut the door in my face and play with the thing. Wait. That sounded wrong.”
Something made a sound to his left, a cooing, whistle-like call, over by where the balcony presumably opened, and he walked closer, his eye catching on a gilded birdcage standing off to one side.  There was an owl inside, except, it wasn’t like any owl that Steve had ever seen. He thought it may not be like any owl that
“How about I stop thinking myself out of being happy and you stop blaming yourself for my decisions?” Steve suggested softly.
“Literally?  Like, everyone,” Clint said, handing Bucky the other controller.  “The orange ones don’t totally suck.”
“We played for ration wafers and sheets of toilet paper, but hey, if you think you can handle that kind of high rolling,” Steve offered with an innocent smirk, hands shoved into his pockets while he rocked back and forth on his heels. A sharp ding announced they had arrived at the penthouse, and the doors pulled apart, emptying them into the suite’s living room, which was occupied by a sole inhabitant watching the basketball game on the big screen and eating one of the ten dollar packs of peanuts from the minibar.
“Sorry,” Steve murmured and rolled over, grabbing at the pillow while he watched Tony until Peran bowed and left.
As it turned out, he was just getting his mail years too late.
“Pres, come on,” Ty said, motioning the other man forward.  “You’re gonna love it,” Ty said in a placating tone, patting Tony’s shoulders and pushing his hair back from his forehead.  Tony wasn’t sure who Ty was talking to.  He wasn’t sure it mattered.
“I’ve been thinking about you all day,” Tony told him, and that much at least was true enough. “So sorry about this whole crazy misunderstanding. Dear.”
“Of course, Sir,” JARVIS’ disembodied voice said.
As always, a huge thank you to my beta and all around awesome, amazingly talented friend tastes-like-coconut.  Please follow her on tumblr for her beautiful artwork.
And he could…he could take care of Steve, too.  Steve wanted the company, and he wanted it to succeed and grow.  Tony could make that happen. He knew he could.  Well, tech side of it, anyway.  He’d have to leave Steve to the salesmanship, since no one would want to buy weapons from an Omega, but he could give that to Steve.  He could give Steve money and power and a name for himself, all those things that Alphas wanted.
It was strange, Tony thought to himself as they ducked into the diner, a rush of warm air greeting him. He couldn’t quite put a name to the spread of warmth that ran through him as he saw that a good half of Steve’s body was now drenched. It had been—well, it had been a long time since someone tried to take care of him because they wanted to and not because of his name or his money. It felt…his mind stuttered around for the right word. It felt comforting. Safe. How long had it been since he’d felt like that? Before the debacle in Afghanistan. Maybe long before that.
“I can help,” Tony said.  “Well, not me.  That’s an…infinitely bad idea. I can get him help.  Make things easier.  For both of you. I want to.  I want…I would…be a part of that, if I could.  But, even if I can’t, I’m still all in, if he’ll let me.”
He looked up at the man, who smiled again, softer than before, and Steve thought it was a perfectly nice smile. He wondered why he had thought any differently before.
“Tony believes us,” Steve said.
“Maybe you could, ah. Just say that to him?” Tony said with a nervous laugh, giving Jarvis a wan smile.
“I don’t think that is required,” Steve replied quietly, then flattened his mouth into a grimace. Something in his stomach twisted at the words, true though they were.  “Sometimes it can just be…a good match.”
“Fine, yes, I’ll hold it and see if I topple over. That’s the one you get, Stark, so enjoy it,” Steve replied with a half-hearted grimace.
Steve’s face scrunched up into an incredulous laugh.  “Thanks. I think?”
Steve dropped his gaze from Tony’s and moved forward on his knees. He braced his hands against the mirror, just below the splatters marking the glass.  Tony stood quietly where he was for a long pause, then moved forward, the gym mat squeaking under his feet. Steve felt Tony slide down behind him and heard the snick of the cap from the tube Tony had retrieved.  Steve half-expected it to be hard and fast, almost would have welcomed that, a pain he could deal with, could take, could take from Tony, but it wasn’t like that at all.  Tony’s hands on him were gentle, as they always were, and that hurt more, Steve thought, though it didn’t make any sense.  Soft and gentle and careful, skimming over him, mouth and hands, until it was almost too much.
“I know. I was going to,” Steve said, pulling out the small device that Peggy had given him.  Tony gave it a look of utter contempt.
“It was a life study,” Steve said, shoving his hands resolutely in his pockets and not looking at Tony, a crooked smile that was part grimace on his face.
“I know,” Tony said with a dejected sigh.  “And look, you, you’re great.  Amazing, even.  And totally my type.  If I had a type.  Which I don’t.  But, it would definitely have an ass like yours, buy me desserts and listen to my inner child’s dream journal or whatever we’ve been doing.  Why am I even unloading this crap on you?  I should be telling you how good your clothes are going to look on my floor or something, not this The Secret Oprah Eat Pray Love Guide to Teambuilding bullshit.”
“Oh.  Okay.  Well, I could stay, just hang out, or maybe we could--” Steve began.
Eventually, the thrill of a secret rebellion wore off, and he put everything back in its place with significantly less glee than he’d had when he took it out.  It was a bit like opening the big box under the tree and finding a boarding school uniform.   Nothing quite hurt the same way as disappointment.
“Lucky me,” Steve replied, shooting Brock a half-smile that he supposed went unnoticed in the dark.
room! With a view of the ocean and everything, and she says she can smell the sea air and this is all she ever wanted, to be here with me and see the Dark Sea again, and that she is very proud of me, because I must be the best attendant that the King himself would send for her,” Cam babbled on excitedly, “and I said, well, the King is the most generous, kind, good and noble king that there is in the whole world, and she must serve him well, and make his Raj’Inama beautiful for him, and
There was a low, thump-thump-thump sound, and Daniel’s cane and shoe came into view.  On the screen, the film suddenly flew upwards, and for the first time, Steve could see Daniel’s face, pale and drawn now.  He looked at the camera, mouth twisting into a grimace, then back over his shoulder at where they all huddled around Tony at the end of the dock.
He sucked in a bracing breath, pulled the door closed behind him and walked down the hall towards the kitchen.  Someone, meaning Steve, had cleaned up their brunch.  The dishes were drying on the rack, and thank goodness, the pepper shaker had been refilled, so he could cross that off the list.
“So it shall be,” Tony vowed, voice low and quiet. Tony’s dark eyes were lit with the flickering light of the fire from the hearth, and Steve was suddenly conscious that they were both naked, his skin flush and warm, as much from Tony’s nearness as the fire.
“Oh, you have got to be kidding me,” Tony grunted as he got up to give chase.  Steve, caught in the act of trying to escape as Tony came out of the bathroom, turned around and shot Tony what could only be described as a shit-eating grin, then scabbered away at full speed, laughing madly as Tony tried to keep a straight face at the surreal scene of a naked baby supersoldier giggling like a loon while he crawled across Tony’s floor.  He took the couple of strides over to where Steve had come to a stop and picked him up, while Steve cackled happily.
“There was...Steve, there was five million dollars. A wire transfer. To your bank account I saw it. Went all the way downtown to that stupid bank you insisted on using. I saw the wire confirmation. Poor girl in the wire department, I thought she was going to call the cops. I was—I was not myself. But, it was there, I swear, so what the hell—what the hell is going on?” Tony demanded, gaze zigzagging across the room like he could find answers there if he looked hard enough.
Tony reached up the non-IV-impaled hand and scrubbed it over his face.  The room was dark.  Not deep-dark, not
“You…” Steve started, brow drawing together.  “What?  You would—you—you would bring them here?” Nat, Sam, Clint.  The twins. His heart constricted.  It wasn’t what Tony meant, of course, but it was so close to it, Steve’s head filled with images so fast he could barely track them.  I don’t want them here, he thought, though even as he thought it, he recognized the lie.  I don’t want to want them here, though.  They can’t be here.  I can’t be here.
—that eventually, you’ll forget the other memories. The serum, see?  It's working overtime to try to ‘fix’,” he explained, making air quotes around the word, “the part of your brain where your memories are stored.  It wants to heal you. That’s the headaches you’re feeling. And even if you do remember, it will be like—like déjà vu.”
“Huh?” Tony mumbled.  “Oh, yeah.  I’m good.  Just—He didn’t—“ Tony started, for a moment, his mind racing back to looking down at Cap’s wide, glazed eyes, staring up at him, unseeing before he slumped over unconscious and unmoving.  “Just worried me for a bit there.”
Bucky’s voice insisted.
Any minute.
,” Calhoun chimed in with a knowing sort of humor lacing his voice.  “He’s the kind who loves it.
Keeping them wrapped together and barely releasing Tony’s mouth, Steve maneuvered them both down the hall and pushed open the bedroom door, closing it behind them with a slam before going back to placing light kisses against Tony’s throat.  Tony was pulling him toward the bed, but in one swift motion, Steve moved Tony around behind him against the wall, letting the kisses turn harder, more insistent, until Tony was making little gasping sounds when he managed to get enough breath.
“I guess you sort of maybe rethought that a bit, anyway,” Steve continued with a lopsided smile that faltered into a frown. “But, you had—you—“ Steve broke off, looking away.  One hand balled into the sheet that came to just below the bandage that bisected his chest.  A flush of red dotted Steve’s cheeks and worked its way down his chest in splotches of color.  He cleared his throat.  Looked up at Tony like he’d rather have his skin stapled together again for kicks than actually speak.  “You needed…that night.  After the gala,” Steve swallowed, glancing away, then up at Tony again, wide-eyed and stone-faced. “But, you didn’t want me to take care of you.  Which is fine.  I told you.  You’re worth the wait, Tony.  I meant that.  We’ve got the rest of our lives, right?  I can—I can do better.  More.  Or—if you don’t, I mean.  That’s okay, too.  Just being with you, that’s good.  I don’t—you shouldn’t feel obligated, just because I’m—you know.
Then Tony was kissing him again, just lightly on the lips, and, to Steve’s confusion, pressing a long kiss to his forehead.  “You’re amazing.  God, you…you’re beautiful, Steve, so responsive, just so good for me, Steve, so very, very good, you did so good, you’re…” Tony cut himself off.  Steve was left completely confused, but he was smart enough to keep his mouth shut.
Tony didn’t want him.  That much was clear. But, Steve was apparently a better option than whatever it was Tony wanted to leave behind.  Maybe there was more to the damaged reputation than Steve knew. Maybe the situation was more dire than even Fury had realized.  Steve didn’t know or care. Tony had agreed, and that was enough. Tony was his. He was Tony’s. Steve let himself breathe.
