“I have to go, Steve.”
“Oh, you’d prefer us fighting again, then?” Pops asked, with a raised eyebrow as Dad’s head popped back up into view and looked smug.
Did they even want him to be there, or had this just been pity? How many times must this have happened without him even noticing it? God- all of them, they actually had things in common with each other, didn’t they? They were soldiers and spies and actual heroes, most of them having come from nothing and worked their way up. They had a bond with each other, all of them. Natasha had Clint- the two were almost inseparable- and then Bucky, whom she shared an obvious history with and was clearly devoted to. Bucky had her and Steve- another pair with a lifelong history, inseparable, brothers in arms. They’d fought the war together. Steve had traversed the globe in an attempt to bring him home. And then there was Sam- he was close with pretty much all of them, bonding easily with shared experience of service, and was just a nice enough person to fit in snugly almost immediately. Then Thor and Bruce came as a pair too- the scientist and the God, both of them finding a strangely beautiful harmony in one another. As a unit, they all came together and just
Both the brothers went off to follow Steve’s orders, which was surprising, considering Steve had expected some resistance from Loki at least. Seemed he understood the severity of the situation, however, because he didn’t say a word. Steve was left alone again with Tony, gently taping the cut on the other boy’s cheek together. He thought about what Howard must have done to inflict this. Wondered whether Tony had even bothered to fight back. Steve doubted it. Had Tony been giving as good as he got, he probably never would have gotten this hurt.
Not one bit. Aside from the fact that I wasn’t a part of it, absolutely
_____
at this sort of thing, dammit-
Steve understood, even though he’d never had the same problem. There had only been three people whose opinions he’d really given half a shit about, and he’d known the moment he’d come out to them that they wouldn’t have even batted an eyelid to it. But the thought of having to hide that part of himself, even if it was just occasionally, made his stomach turn uncomfortably.
Tony looked at Steve, suddenly feeling a hundred times smaller. It just… it all seemed so absurd to him. Halloween was supposed to be fun, but Steve was so upset by all of it. It was like someone had gone and poured cold water all down Tony’s neck. He didn’t know what to say, so he said the first thing popped into his head. “Can’t you… Why can’t you just have fun on the one day that normal people are gonna accept you?”
“Walk away, Stane,” he said, voice low as he wandered forward, “turn around and fuck off, right now.”
Tony just sighed, in the end, and let Steve attack his face. “The worst,” he mumbled, although the way he leaned into Steve’s touch suggested otherwise.
Tony said hoarsely, because goddamnit- Steve’s tags were
Steve looked up at Tony. “We have a few minutes,” he said shortly, “all exits are sealed off now, so we’re going to need to take an alternative route.”
“I’m just wondering what to get him. That’s all.”
. “How fucking dare you,” Steve spat, “after everything I’ve done, you want to
Which reminded him- “Bruce, you’re great, buddy, but if you start snoring and drooling into my feet I’m gonna have to kick you in the face.”
He shuffled up onto his elbows and met Steve’s mouth in the middle, one hand lifting up to tuck the loose strands of blond hair behind his ear. Steve chuckled into Tony’s mouth, but it petered out a few seconds later to be replaced with a breathless hum of pleasure, his body rocking forward and pushing Tony down onto his back again, this time with Steve lying over him, his hands splayed across the small of Tony’s back, pulling him up to meet Steve’s body. It felt so nice. Everything about Steve felt nice. Because Steve was just…
“The truth,” Bucky told him, tapping the first-aid kit against Steve’s bent head and then letting it fall into Steve’s hands, “that I was wrong. That you liked him and were super angry at me when I dicked around last week.”
“Put it back,” Steve mumbled into the sheets, and a second later Tony obeyed the command, because Steve felt his hand settle back where it had been a second previously. Steve imagined he’d be smiling.
“Not… that was after you’d left,” Tony said unevenly, “but I’d been on the brink of working it all out at that point. I’m still—I’m still trying to get them all back, even now. Everything he sold to all the scummiest people in the world. And you wouldn’t believe some of the places they ended up and the things I’ve found, Steve. It’s gone deeper than just weapons now.” He palmed a hand over his head, and for a moment he looked achingly tired. Worn down. But that only lasted a second or two, before he straightened his spine and stared ahead, jaw clenched determinedly. “But like I said- I’m getting them back and I’m gonna fix what I can. That’s how I know Fort Oswald is never going to go through with that arms deal. I guarantee there is a stash of my weapons there, and soon they’re gonna be back in my control, where I can destroy them before anyone else uses them.”
“Tony,” Steve blurted before he could stop himself, just trying to pull back Tony’s attention for a second, “please just- just let me explain, I told you in the texts I sent, it’s not what you think-“
So she didn't. Simply turned to her food and began eating, nonplussed about the fact her best friend had just said he was involved in prostitution. Steve found their relationship to be confusing on the good days, but he chose not to comment. It wouldn't get him anywhere. He was at least certain they weren't fucking or anything- not if the way Bucky and Nat had been ogling eachother over the past week had been anything to go by, anyway. Honestly, Steve was kind of regretting inviting Bucky and Peggy over in the first place. They'd made firm friends with the rest of the guys, which only ever meant trouble for Steve. Now all his friends were in cahoots. Cahooting about Steve and how best to wrap the bubblewrap around him, no fucking doubt. Bucky and Peggy were the worst helicopter parents he'd ever goddamn known.
Tony couldn’t help it; he snorted. “Getting soft, Clint?” He asked weakly, “someone call TMZ.”
“Is Thor dealing with them?”
“We have no idea whether he’ll like it or not, we’ve never tried.”
Tony was looking at him like he’d seen a ghost. “You…” he began, but then his face turned baffled, “I saw you,” he said, and there was pure incredulity in his voice.
It was fine. Really.
“Uh,” Steve’s voice was quieter than usual, and he noticed it wavering with uncertainty and, though he was loathe to admit it, fear. “You- you wouldn’t happen to know where abouts Turner street in Lower Manhattan is, would you?”
Shame.
Steve thought about the second time he’d met Tony, at the party downtown. When he’d cleared the room with a clap of his hands, and everyone had moved out of the way so he could get through. And here he was, in front of Steve, worried about what his friends thought of him.
Well. At least Tony knew that Steve still liked the idea of marrying him five years on. Although he was probably going to yell at Steve in the morning for forgetting he was married in the first place. Quietly, though. Because poor Steve was going to wake up feeling a little hungover, and Tony was a good husband who didn’t fancy cleaning up vomit.
“Alright, chill out,” Tony said with a roll of his eyes as he sat down to eat his breakfast. To him, dishes were somewhat inconsequential. Considering the amount of more important things on his never-ending list of things to do, he couldn’t really say he gave much of a damn. “I’ll remember next time.”
He wasn’t going to actually
Tony raised an eyebrow, him and Steve sharing another look before Tony turned back to Thor. “It’s fiancé now, actually,” he declared nonchalantly, and Steve squeezed his hip as the happiness flowed through him. God—Fiancé. That is what Tony was to him and what he was to Tony.
“Wow. Confident for a guy about to get his ass beat.” Initiating the fire protocols in the suit, Tony felt as the nozzles underneath his shoulderplates extended, and a second later a plume of fire extinguisher was being sprayed in the direction of his assailant.
some shade of red?” Tony asked quietly, and when Steve glanced up at him he saw he was holding back on another laugh, lips pursed and eyes looking down at him softly.
Tony listened to them all silently, trying to find a way to add something to the conversation. But then he thought about how that would probably be rude and obvious and kind of pathetic, and he didn’t want any of the team to get pissed. Anyway, the only way he could add anything was by changing the subject to something he was involved in, which was just selfish, really.
“I’m a trained soldier, Missus, emotional blackmail won’t work on me.” He set her down on her seat at the kitchen table when they reached it and then wandered over to the stove where Tony was frantically stirring at the pot in front of him. He peered over Tony’s shoulder to observe it, giving his husband a delicate kiss in greeting as he did so. When he saw the contents of the pot, however, he quickly turned back to his daughter. “Okay, you win. Pizza looks like the only option.”
Bliss.
Tony looked good. Steve liked him like that; liked him there, with all of them.
Clint nodded his head, waving the tickets again. “Okay, okay- to cut to the point; I saved their asses, they were very grateful but rather shaken up, so they decided to go home instead of watching their theater production, and BAM! Suddenly I’ve got six Hamilton Tickets, for free!”
“When is he not?” Steve asked with a fond roll of his eyes, and Thor just nodded and laughed as he jumped off the bus and waved to Steve when it began to move off again.
“Tony, I’m soaking w-”
“Come on a date with me tonight,” Tony said, shutting Steve’s book and turning to face him, “I know a great place, really tiny- I think you’d like it. Best food ever, I swear- even better than my own.”
Tony stared at him for a good few seconds. "Yeah, sweetheart, just give me a second and I'll whip my tits out- oh, wait. Of course we don't have breastmilk, Steve, Jesus Christ-"
he shouldn’t have told Tony that. He’d made sure not to let
Steve just choked a little bit, nodding. Like this, he could see where Tony got his reputation from. He knew this game. He had Steve pinned up against the door, kissing him within an inch of his life like it was the simplest thing to do in the world, cocky grin on his face as his hands curled firmly around the back of Steve's thighs. At this, there was no doubt- Tony Stark was a pro.
Thor lingered for another second before putting a hand on Steve’s arm. “I will be outside,” he said, and Steve wasn’t sure whether it was a threat or a promise.
Steve shrugged bashfully, taking Peter’s arm and then rubbing it down softly. “Guess not,” he murmured, “I think you’re still his favourite though.”
Tony shook his head in amusement as he stared out across the New York skyline and watched the sun set slowly across it. They were both relaxing, feet dangling over the edge of the horizontal line that made the
Right. The same Howard who liked to use Tony as a makeshift punching bag whenever he felt like it. Yeah, okay, so maybe Steve would be better keeping his mouth shut, then. He didn’t want to risk that.
It was a very particular sort of pain when you watched your best friend fall apart at the seams. It wasn’t like the pain of your own experiences: that sat high on your chest, a sharp and poignant cut that burned and stung. The pain shared between friends was a debilitating ache, however; right down in your soul, crushing your guts, your stomach. You wanted to help. You couldn’t. You couldn’t do a fucking thing.
“Is there a reason for this, buddy?” Steve asked into his ear, trying not to look at the three hundred faces that were currently staring in amusement at him.
At the sound of Steve’s voice filling the room, he watched Tony’s eyes move slowly, dragging across to the mirror. He knew now, that Steve was behind there. But his face didn’t change. It simply remained pale, lifeless. Defeated. It reminded him of the day Steve had broken it off between them. He’d looked like that then, too.
Steve just shook his head. “It’s alright, I already asked ahead. They said it was fine. Plus the school commute from Brooklyn to Manhattan would be a nightmare.” He cracked a small smile. “Thanks, though. Big of you, considering you two are apparently sworn enemies.”
Tony groaned again, but allowed Steve to wrap an arm around his waist and pull him up. He took the opportunity to slide his arms around Steve’s shoulders again, mouth on the other man’s neck. “Are you v
to him, and let’s be honest, you probably never did—"
And the worst part about Tony Stark was definitely how nice he was to Steve.
“Yes, I promise, we did everything—”
Breathing heavily, Steve eventually stopped struggling against Tony and fell back, letting Tony move him behind his body so that he stood between Zeke and Steve. His hand remained curled into the material of Steve’s shirt, over his chest.
Steve grinned, knowing that was as good of a blessing as Bucky was going to give him.
- be with someone who thinks hitting their partner is fucking okay. I won’t stay. You can’t make me stay.”
There Tony was.
“You are an adult man.”
Tony made a whining noise in the back of his throat and grabbed Steve’s hand, pressing it back against his skin, despite Steve’s initial refusal. “Baby, come on- I’m fine. They’re just bruised. Please don’t be like that, it wasn’t your fault-”
And the stress, the anger and the irritation and the fight- it just drains out when they find each other’s hands. Because really, how could Tony stay annoyed when Steve’s smiling at him like that? And how could Steve feel bitter when Tony’s giggling at the film with his nose all scrunched up and adorable?
Tony looked behind him to his friend and raised an eyebrow. “Better hope Principal Fury hasn’t got his eye on the parking lot when you roll up with Steve.”
He wondered if Tony had been serious, last night. About them being… a thing. A couple. He definitely
he’d said, blunt and firm,
"Look," Steve said, stepping forward and seeming to break out of his little trance, his voice commanding and Captain-like, taking charge of the situation, "it doesn't matter whose it is for now. Clint, we can do a DNA test tomorrow. But we need to work out what to do with it. Can we give to- I don't know, SHIELD?"
He wanted to go home, right up until he thought about how Steve was going to react, and then suddenly not even the tower offered relief. They’d done this before – the PR nightmares, the leaks. It was just a part of being famous, a part of Tony’s life that he loathed with a blood-curdling passion, but had simply learned to deal with. For Steve, though, it was probably still fairly new. And every time Tony went down, Captain America’s name went down with him. No doubt the trash mags would already be writing their
Steve shrugged. They hurt, but he was used to it. His head felt worse, to be honest- but again, he’d survived more severe injuries before. This was practically a walk in the park. “I’ll be fine,” he said, nodding his head.
Steve paused, and smiled softly, dragging a stray piece of Tony’s hair back and then pressing a kiss to the space it left. “And- well- you’re my best fella. Seems like they belong to you more than me, now.”
who actually gave honest-to-god Butterfly kisses any more, but of course, Steve didn’t care about that. “But I guess I love you too,” he murmured.
He bent down and scooped Peter up into his arms, jiggling him up and down playfully and listening to the boy burble happily against his chest. Steve followed behind them, and Tony saw the smug look in the reflection of the mirror. “
Tony breathed in sharply, looking up at Steve. The man had blood dripping freely from his nose; obviously broken from the headbutting. Aside from that though, he seemed relatively unharmed. “Nat?” He called breathlessly, turning behind him. She was on the floor, one hand around her mangled ankle.
in love; it was enough to make him feel like he was drunk off it.
Tony didn’t even get a chance to laugh, before Steve had pulled him back in, continuing to move until his knees hit the side of the couch and they both fell backwards, landing on the pillows with a dull thud. Tony ended up straddling Steve’s hips while they made out obnoxiously loudly on the couch.
Literally. He can’t sleep. He barely lets Clint out of his sight for weeks after, just in case. The thought plagues him, because he
Eventually, Thor just huffed and dropped the joint, stepping on it under his foot. “Fucking hate the rain,” he muttered quietly.
Tony was looking up at him with sleep-heavy eyes; his head leaning on Steve’s forearm as he stared inquiringly. And honestly, how on Earth was Steve supposed to argue with that? He was notoriously bad at resisting Tony- mob boss or not, he was only human.
Kissing him.
“So I’ve been toying with this new method of storing kinetic energy, a little bit like T’challa’s suit design, you know?” Tony began quietly, and Steve nodded in confirmation, his tired mind throwing up fuzzy images of the Iron Man suit in response to the words. “It’d be really useful when it comes to absorbing large impacts, because usually that just ends up reverberating all over my frail old man bones, which no one likes-”
The thought was… incomprehensible.
And more than anything, Steve wanted to make it worth it. To help him, whatever way he could. Steve just wasn’t sure how- although when it came down to it, he knew that all he’d really need to do was make sure to get in the way whenever Howard Stark got pissed off, and it’d do the job pretty nicely. If it meant he didn’t have to glance at bruises or cuts and wonder where they came from, he’d do it. In a heartbeat.
“It doesn’t ever get easier, huh?” Tony finished quietly, his expression heavy for a moment as he smiled tiredly up at Steve, who just pursed his lips and nodded.
It meant more to him than anything Tony could have said with words.
Steve grinned, stepping back, his hand trailing down Tony’s arm as he moved out. Seemingly on autopilot, Tony made an aborted move to follow, before blinking again and just swallowing heavily, instead looking down at where Steve’s hand had just been and breathing in sharply.
With a roll of his eyes and groan, Tony dropped the tweezers and stuck his head out of the door. “If this is just your way of trying to coerce me into helping you, then you’re shit outta lu-
“Fuck off.”
His therapist’s room was exactly what you’d expect to find from someone dealing with the sorts of things she did. It was bland beiges, whites and greys- welcoming but clinical. There was a nice flower in the corner of the room, and she kept the windows open. Probably all attempts to make the place look less threatening, but honestly, it just made Steve feel kinda bored. It gave off that vibe of being a place where things just… never happened. The room that time forgot. He could see the forest outside, though- that was probably the most appealing part. Lots of beautiful greens, contrasted by the blue of the sky; definitely a nice touch to the blandness of the rest of his surroundings-
As always, everything he said didn’t feel like quite enough, and he scuffed his feet against the soaking grass as he tried not to let the lump grow in his throat. He’d done this so many times, by now. Surely he was past the crying stage.
On the other side of the door, Steve could hear the gentle sound of the heart monitor. Tony’s heart monitor. He was so close, right there… Steve wanted to hold him. Wanted to sob, fall into his arms, tell Tony how indescribably sorry he was. But he couldn’t. Tony probably didn’t even want to look at him now.
That spurred another laugh from Tony as they both ran up the stairs. “Good,” he said soundly, once he’d reached the top, “bit of adventure never hurt anyone, in my opinion.”
Steve paused, narrowing his eyes in suspicion. “Why would I need to part with my phone for 24 hours, Tony?”
Tony took back all previous apologies he’d made to her while he’d rifled through her phone. He hoped this bitch was rotting in hell.
“Oh fine, here-“ Steve rolled his eyes and shoved him playfully, pulling out his phone from his pocket and then chucking it at Tony. The boy caught it quickly and beamed, before dropping it into the inside of his jacket.
“Oh, and before you try and laser your way through the ceiling or whatever,” Cass turned for a second, raising his finger and then pulling a little square device from his back pocket. “You should really
Steve mentally repeated the word ‘yowza’ in his head, and then decided to immediately forget the word existed. “Shouldn’t have listened though,” he muttered, “letting my guard down because of a stupid lie? God, and they call me the world’s greatest soldier.”
“What you need to do is networking, Steve.”
fault. You were supposed to be the responsible one.”
Sam’s tone was casual, but his eyes looked serious as they met with Steve’s. Maybe Steve wasn’t as subtle as he’d liked to think.
in fact got his wires crossed and there
With an amused huff, Tony did.
Steve nodded slowly as Tony sighed and then turned away. His head was down and his shoulders hunched, and he walked a few steps away from Steve in order to glare intently at his bike, parked messily by the curb in front of Bucky’s house. “There’s something wrong with me,” he declared in the end, before laughing, “well, there’s a lot of things wrong with me. But that- I don’t know. That’s dangerous, Steve. You saw that today. I didn’t care about hurting you. I just wanted to keep myself out of trouble.”
Tony laughed, imagining clean-cut, lovely Steve with a scruffy lumberjack beard. “Yeah, I’m using the first one right now. No shaving for a month, baby.”
Everyone went quiet at that, as the realisation sunk in. Natasha was right; they were getting too far ahead of themselves. Tony watched as Steve’s jaw tightened fractionally and turned back to his dinner plate, and Thor’s smile slipped quickly off his face. Natasha just sighed and then attempted to pull the topic back onto lighter ground. “But honestly, I agree with Clint. Peter seems to be working beyond the capabilities of an average kid his age, so who knows. Maybe we do have a prodigy on our hands.”
He’d show Bucky later, though. He’d want to hear it. It was almost as important to him as it had been to Steve.
Someone knocked on his door.
Steve’s eyes widened. “Uh, I don't think… I’m not—”
Christ, that was even worse.
Steve paused, but altogether he didn’t seem that shocked by Tony’s wishes, which said something about their lives, really. “I told Clint explicitly that no clothes were to be removed, don’t worry. As for the peril, I’m pretty sure there will be none. Although, you know, I can’t exactly promise that.”
Again, he couldn’t say he cared all that much.
Toy looked up with wide eyes, the shining blue suddenly a few shades darker, like an ocean in storm- and just seeing him like that, splayed out underneath Steve, with his hair falling back onto the bed and his hands still gripping tight to Steve’s hips- it was enough to make him crazy with want.
“But you admit to the helicopter parenting?”
I just love making steve and Tony dote on babies is that obvious? it feels obvious?
But Steve just smiled, his hand squeezing against Tony’s waist. He knocked their foreheads together, skin on skin, heartbeat to heartbeat.
“What, and I love him more?” Tony said, knowing that the way the words came out were far more accusing than he’d intended them to be.
Steve couldn’t help but smile a little as he looked pointedly at the joint between his fingers. “Yeah,” he told Thor, “that totally sounds like the reason.”
Most people wouldn’t think Tony Stark could survive for a single minute outside of city life, but they didn’t know him like Steve did. Back when Ultron had been on the loose and they’d gone to take refuge at Clint’s farm, Steve had noticed how… comfortable Tony had seemed in the environment. It had been clear that he’d quite liked the serenity of it all, and despite the fact that a giant maniacal AI was trying to kill them all at the time, Tony had seemed calmer than Steve had ever known him. Truth was, Tony really did like that sort of thing. As they’d gotten closer and eventually begun to date, Steve had realised as much pretty quickly. Tony loved technology, sure, but he was more than happy to be without it, too. Steve hadn’t missed the soft smiles and bright eyes whenever they’d had an excuse to get out of the city and into the country for a little while, even if it was only for missions.
? About me being in a real, full-blown relationship with another guy, as opposed to just some drunken making out in the corner of a dark club?” Tony shrugged helplessly, eyes nervous. “I don’t know what he’d do.”
Steve blinked. He wasn’t sure where he was or how long it had been- or at least, not until he looked outside at the early morning sunlight and then heard someone else’s voice start up faintly from a few feet away on the other side of a wall.
Tony might have loved him a few months ago, but he sure as hell didn’t now. Not after… not after everything. He couldn’t possibly.
So yeah. Steve hated going into the city.
Steve just paused, his face turning sour for a moment. “Seriously?” He asked, voice hard. “You’re gonna fuck around with someone else all night and then come home and push your own boyfriend away?”
Tony smiled down at him, and Steve shut his eyes again as he laid back into the pillows. He knew he probably looked a mess- unlike Tony, he wasn’t so good at waking up perfect- but right now he was too blissed out to really worry too much about it.
Steve could only follow as he was led toward soft lights and warm walls in which the dancer had spent his many hours practising in. It was very simple, Steve realised, once he was actually inside. Just nice pastel walls and polished wodden floors, with white carpeting that had somehow managed to retain it’s cleanliness running along the corridors and main lobby.
Once in Steve’s room, it seemed Steve lost all energy he had been clinging on to, because he pretty much collapsed on to the bed, lying spread-eagle across it, face buried in the pillows.
And then they got home, and Tony already had the search-system set back up again, and he told Steve that “we’ll find him, baby. We will. We’ll find him and we’ll make sure he’s safe, and maybe try and help him, how does that sound?”-- And it was too important that he had Tony on side to risk that with the truth of what he knew. Bucky needed Tony more than he needed Steve. Because Tony could actually help. Maybe he could break through the programming, or find Bucky with all his fancy tech.
Oh. He… he hadn’t been aware he was doing that.
Did Clint accidentally shoot your fucking brains out? What the
Steve watched the space his body had occupied, mouth hanging open and blood dripping down his chin. This felt surreal. He’d… fuck, he’d barely even been awake three minutes ago, and now here he was, lying on the floor, confused and hurt and absolutely fucking furious.
They laughed at each other, and Steve was hit with how lucky he was to have a person like Peggy in his corner. Calm and collected and completely competent- she was perfect in her own right. He remembered, when he’d first met her, how massively he’d crushed on her. With her cute accent and her red lips and the way she’d not even hesitated for a second as she’d swung a right hook across some asshole’s face and knocked him flat-out on her very first day at school.
Too late. Tony turned around and looked at Steve enquiringly just as DUM-E clipped the edge of the long, dangerously humming pole. Steve’s eyes widened. “Move,” he said instantly, lurching forward as he watched the pole start to waver, “Tony, get out of the way!”
And that- that sounded so off in Steve’s ears. Tony? Tony Stark, the boy with everything; popularity and money and status and looks- but had never felt this before. Steve didn’t know what to think of that. It made him feel… strangely powerful. Tony; who was fast and loud and explosive and wild as a storm, was lying at his feet, heart in his hands, looking up at him as if Steve hung the stars in the sky.
Steve cut him off as he jumped forward, wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders and pulled him into a fierce hug. He could feel the painful sting behind his eyes, so he buried his head in Tony’s shoulder and clenched them shut, feeling Tony as his own arms wrapped slightly desperately around Steve’s waist and then pulled him closer.
Tony’s never seen anything so beautiful in his whole life.
Steve shrugged, and Sam made a huffing sound. “Yeah- that’s Tony, alright. He’s one of the seniors. Flashy. Probably the most recognisable guy in school- everyone knows about him. He’s… crazy. That’s the only word I can use to describe him- I don’t know him, but I’ve heard stuff. He’s been expelled from a few schools before this. I’m pretty sure he’s been arrested more than once, too. Sometimes I’ll hear him slamming the door of the class next to me and walking out. God only knows how he’s still even here- his dad probably bought the school out. They’re loaded.”
He had to wait for Tony to stop laughing for a good minute.
Steve stared, silent- rooted to the spot as he watched the second person he loved more than anything else in the world fall to his death.
“Sir,” JARVIS spoke up quietly, and it was only then that Steve realised the elevator had actually stopped moving a while ago and was now sitting stationary at the basement floors, doors wide open and exposing the corridor which led to Tony’s workshop. Steve wondered how long they’d been stood there before the AI had decided to speak up. “You have arrived at the Workshop level.”
“Steve,” Bucky interrupted, his own voice sounding almost as haunted as Steve’s as he leaned forward and rested a hand over his forehead, “it was
been rather disastrous. “You know, sometimes I get confused about why people tell me you’re a handful, and then I remember Italy and I think ‘oh yeah,
Tony could only nod.
take a break,” the other man said, voice low and vibrating along the skin of Tony’s fingers. “We don’t have to go to Ohio for a week. But just… let me know, okay? Maybe Pepper too, ask if you can take a breather. Promise me?”
It was only in the final millisecond that he realised he had been the one making them.
Tony’s heart sank as he leaned forward and picked Peter up, tucking him into his arms with a small frown. He jigged the boy up and down, watching as a beam spread across his podgy cheeks. Steve sighed in front of him, and Tony looked back over. “This changes everything,” he declared solemnly, “Steve, we can’t give him over to social services. Not now.”
Steve's started acting a little strangely
Time passed. How much, he wasn’t sure. But the room got fractionally darker, the guards changed their rounds.
He’d heard all of that stuff before. He remembered how much he’d hated them, too.
Tony looked at him warily. Natasha glanced over, eyebrows raised. "If you don't pick him up, he's gonna start screaming."
he spotted Steve a second before he was bowled over by the frantic supersoldier. Tony was warm in his arms- heart beating a little fast in his chest. He was alive.
"What was it?" Tony whispered, looking up at him, "Irish?"
“I want to,” Tony nodded vigorously, before smiling, “I’d like to. Yeah. I’m free, so…”
and you just… accepted that?” Rumlow’s hands waved through the air again, like he was lost for words. “I… I just
meant to be Unhuman. He was going to start with an article on Halloween, seeing as it was freshest in his mind, and he knew his way around promoting specific material online, so he’d make sure that this wasn’t going to fail. He could create a few other social media accounts as well, really get it out there. And he knew scientists, psychologists, neurobiologists that could give him the straight facts. He had the connections. It was time he used them for something worthwhile.
“Okay, calm down,” Tony raised his hands quickly and rushed over, dropping to his knees next to them and looking at Peter incredulously. He wasn’t even holding on, his fingertips were simply…. Stuck to Steve’s palm as Steve held it up in the air and hyperventilated in front of him. “Deep breaths, Steve. You did fine. I think… I think I just worked out what the person who left him meant, when they wrote ‘he’s one of you’.”
“We… we won’t be able to go out much. I’m probably gonna be a pretty shitty partner, all things considered.” Tony looked away for a moment, shrugging as nonchalantly as he could manage. “We could just. Uh. Stay as friends. If you’d rather not—”
all of it coiling and twisting and burning inside him. But he didn’t have much choice—whichever teacher it was that was holding onto him was relentless, and they managed to drag him around the corner so that he was obscured from looking at Stone completely. He snarled. “Get your fucking hands off me!”
“The universe is rarely that lazy,” Thor told him, eyes on the corpse in front of him. His face was pinched. “You think this is his mother?”
Tony looked down to where their hands were connected, before smiling a little. “Don’t you find it remarkable, just how similar our stories are?” He mumbled, mouth forming the word ‘destined’ without ever actually adding sound to it.
“It reminds me that I have a purpose here. To make sure you smile like that every day.”
dead, maybe Steve’s dreams were just flashbacks, he could hardly even tell what was real and what was fake, his head was spinning, soon he’d just black out from the oxygen deprivation alone and maybe that’d stop him thinking, maybe that would be a good thing.
? Leave the team? Your army? You fucking bastard.”
what those things could and would do to your suit,” Steve snarled, waving a hand through the air in frustration, “that was the most fortified sector, I
Steve paused, trying to catch what Tony meant. When he opened his mouth, Tony finished “about my mom. About how she died,” and suddenly it all became a lot clearer.
Hell of a lot had changed since then, though.
“Mm, probably,” Tony agreed, licking his lips nervously as he thought about what awaited for him when they got Peter to bed. He still had to go through all that fucking data. All the information and files. It wasn’t going to be fun.
Steve snarled and started up on a run, but was sidetracked by another fight, and then another, and then another. He couldn’t get close enough to help, and could only watch with a painful cry of Tony’s name as his husband was punched into the dirt and left there, lying still in his attempts to get Thanos away from the stones. Luckily, however, Thor arrived on the scene a second later and with a roar of mighty thunder, slamming into Thanos at a hundred miles an hour and throwing him off target. The Titan stumbled precious feet away from the gauntlet, and that was all they needed. Thor struck blow after blow while Steve ran as fast as he could, lifting his own hand and summoning up Mjolnir. He resisted his instincts to go to Tony, pushing them back as far as they could physically go in order to finish the fight, save the universe.
But anyway. He’d finally,
“No, there is absolutely no way to defend this,” Steve waved a hand incredulously across the room, looking at Tony as he stood, clad only in a pair of black boxers and covered in splotches of various colors of neon paint, “I have been staring at you for ten seconds now, which is a lot of time to try and think of some explanation, and I really haven’t found one.”
That was one of the first things Tony became aware of when he woke up. The next thing he realised was that he was groaning, and then the thing after that was that
“Tony,” this time it was Steve’s turn to lean up and lay a hand over his mouth to quiet his train of thought, but this time, he didn’t pull his hand away once Tony was quiet. Instead, he slid it around, gentle and soft, to the back of Tony’s neck. His muscles ached in protest, but that was not even close to being on the radar of his concerns just then.
But he didn’t live with his mom. And he couldn’t extend an invitation to a place that didn’t even belong to his name.
“I cannot allow you to—”
A second passed in which Tony considered approximately 189 different scenarios and outcomes before landing on the one that he thought could work. He opened his eyes and grabbed Steve’s hand.
“Who’s about?” Steve asked through a yawn, hoisting his kitbag a little higher on his shoulder.
Thor didn’t say much on the way there, and neither did Steve. They both knew that there wasn’t really much need; Thor obviously didn’t feel in the mood to exude his usual jolly persona, and Steve was too tired to try and coax a conversation out of either of them. But they sat next to each other on the bus ride there, knees just touching, and Steve let himself be comforted by the thought that he didn’t have to do this whole charade on his own now.
He’d taken what he could, though, and despite the new weight that had settled on him that year as his mother’s health had continued to deteriorate, he’d still managed to enjoy it. Because it was Christmas, and because Christmas meant happiness and home and his Mom’s stupid cookies that she continued to insist had come directly from Santa, even when Steve had long since stopped believing.
to do with what you were bugging me about, okay let’s just forg-”
. Get back inside.”
refused to help do any of the dinner prep in favour of just sitting here and holding your hand while you slept.” She huffed and shook her head. “You’re absolutely on washing-up duty, by the way.”
“I think you should take his advice, personally,” Clint piped up, and Steve kicked out again, but this time all he got was a rather hurt-sounding Sam. “Money is being offered to you and you’re turning it down? Don’t be a fool. I’m Clint by the way,” he waved up to Tony and gave a little salute, which Tony returned with a small smile.
Maria looked at Steve and inconspicuously shook her head. Tony just tutted and said something else about betrayal, but ultimately admitted his defeat as he handed Steve his mobile and then pointed to the drawer where the takeout menus were kept. “Maria Stark, you are lucky you are my daughter and I love you, otherwise this lack of faith in my cooking skills would have deeply wounded me.” He took the ruined pot of…. Whatever it was, off the stove and then slipped into the seat next to his daughter, talking to her in a quiet voice as Steve ordered their usual from the nearest Pizza delivery. For the billionth time, Steve watched the two of them and thought about how amazing Tony was with her. Before doing this, before making the decision, Tony had been torn. There were so many kids without homes or families now, and they’d both wanted to have a child—but his husband had been so nervous, convinced that he was going to do everything wrong.
Tony. “I don’t even like you.”
The bus ride and walk home was uneventful as always, and when he trundled through the door and dropped his bags, he was greeted by the off-key singing of Sam’s dad from the kitchen.
“I’ve got agents saying that one of them is impervious to bullets,” Widow added, “another is pyrokinetic, two are mild speedsters, and they’re saying there’s even a guy that’s part-robot.”
He told himself to take a breath in, and glanced back down to the steep drop again. At his hands, curled so tightly around the railings that he’d imprinted his fingers onto them without even realising. He jerked wildly and pulled them away, stepping back in despair. He couldn’t even fucking help it, it was so intrinsic in his nature he didn’t even goddamn... he just broke the things he touched, all the fucking time. And Tony… Tony was so much more fragile than he ever let on. So much more easy to shatter.
“Oh, shut up,” Steve rolled his eyes and kissed him again, trying not to laugh at the ridiculousness of what Tony was trying to say. “What; d’you think I’m gonna just wander off and find someone else to fuck and then come back when I’m done?”
Suddenly, his hands were shaking uncontrollably and he was terrified. Completely, totally terrified. Tony would undoubtedly be calling to end things between them. It was the only logical step after this, and Steve understood, of course he did, if he were in Tony’s shoes he probably wouldn’t even do his partner the courtesy of a phone call. But Tony was a good person, so Tony would be calling ahead- letting him know that he tried, he did, but he just can’t date a weapon of mass destruction. It’s too risky. Steve got that, he was in full agreement that Tony deserved a million times more than what Steve had done to him, but-
Typical.
Next to him on the bed, Natasha waved a hand. “We figured we could override the rule just once, due to extenuating circumstances.”
Dinner morphed into bedtime, and Steve took bathing duties while Tony set about preparing Peter’s evening bottle of formula. He walked back up to their room just as Steve was walking out of the bathroom with a cosily burrito’ed baby in his arms, and Tony heard the tail-end of Steve’s little conversation with the boy- something about rationed bathwater that they’d used to have in the forties. He grinned when Steve looked up at him, and willingly accepted the pile of towel and baby that was handed over to him when they met in the middle of the room.
He knew the little dream wouldn’t happen- realistically, they just weren’t built for that, and there would always be another emergency they felt obligated to help out with, but… well. It was just nice to wish, that was all.
“I won’t,” Steve promised honestly, because it sounded like the AI cared about Tony just as much as Rhodey did, going from the way they both swung between mildly threatening and deeply imploring in attempts to defend Tony from the threats Steve potentially posed,  “I swear. He deserves people who care about him. And I want to be one of those people. I mean, hell, I’m pretty much in lo-“
Unluckily, the others were not quite as perceptive.
“I agree,” Natasha opened her jacket, pulling out another candy bar and then tossing it in Steve’s direction with a sweet smile, “we’re taking down the capitalist hierarchy, one bar of chocolate at a time.”
“Forgotten? Tony, I want to do this for her!” He waved hand through the air incredulously, “I want to do this so that she doesn’t have to grow up in a broken world! So that she might have a chance at knowing her family, at going to school without passing by the memorials! I want her to know a world that isn’t built on death and despair, Tony, and there is an entire universe depending on us to—”
Pulling off his helmet, he tossed it over to Tony and then grinned, watching in delight when Tony pulled off his own helmet and wrapped his arm around Steve’s waist, kissing him soundly. When the broke away, Tony winked, giving him a quick once over. “Looking good, sweetheart.”
They tended to stay together for most of the time, unless Steve was going on runs in the morning or Tony needed to take some calls. Steve enjoyed getting to know the local village while he exercised, and was soon dragging Tony to all the little café’s he’d seen along his route and showing him the quirky antique shop that he’d seen tucked away and known Tony would probably appreciate. The man had a strange love for old random shit—Steve couldn’t really say he shared it, but he sure as hell loved watching Tony’s eyes go wide and excited as he held up a rusty silver dinner plate and demanded they put it somewhere in the tower.
Steve had watched as Tony focused in on a group of people to their left- five of them, altogether, and not any more than a few years older than him- and then felt with surprise as Tony snatched his hand back and pushed Steve out of his space hurriedly, landing him a solid and safe two feet away.
It must be lonely. Really, really lonely.
There was a short silence, Bucky’s laughter petering out a little. Great. What a way to throw cold water over everyone’s head- talk about his depressing inner monologue in front of them. He opened his mouth tiredly, apology already on his lips, but Peggy got in first.
, and he wasn’t ever going to be fixed. Not ever.
That same person pinned him, and Steve lashed out wildly. He could feel himself screaming, desperately attempting to push his attacker off- he had to get back, he was running out of time, Tony was
, and then he’d wait religiously by his phone until Tony next messaged him. It was pathetic. He was pathetic.
“Here, just- Oh, Lord,  just come here, Steve Rogers,” Tony said, and yeah, Steve could definitely hear the laughter in his voice now; the dry way in which he said Steve’s full name, and Jesus Fuck, Steve couldn’t even feel angry, Tony’s voice was just so lovely-
Well, lots of things, but Steve wasn’t thinking about that right now. He was tired of thinking himself into a panic about everything.
friends wouldn’t mind, I don’t think. Except maybe Natasha. She really
, he could do what he wanted obviously, and they were just talking. But that was pushed aside very briefly for the rather… less sophisticated side of him. This guy was kind of an immature dick, and he didn’t share.
Tony stilled. He seemed torn, and Steve instinctively raised a hand, letting Tony take it and fall into Steve’s lap limply, tucking himself up under Steve’s shoulder and sighing. “I don’t know,” he whispered, “I don’t… I could put a pin in it, right now. I could just let it go. This doesn’t have to be my fight,
The door clicked shut behind him and the room fell into silence, nothing but the steady thump of Tony’s heart sounding off in the little hospital room. Steve couldn’t take his eyes off the bruises. The way Tony’s leg was suspended in the air, casted and bound. Femurs didn’t break easily. Strongest bone in the body, and Steve had crushed it like it was glass under his foot. He remembered the sound it had made when it had broken.
Without Iron Man, he had nothing else to give them that they thought was worthwhile. No one had even looked his way in ten minutes and fifteen seconds, when normally, when he had the appeal of the armour on-side, he would be fully included in the conversation.
They hadn’t actually had sex yet, which was a little frustrating. Obviously, Tony was happy to wait for as long as necessary until Steve was ready, except he got the feeling that Steve
Steve never found out what he was, however, because Tony’s eyelids fluttered closed and his head dropped against Steve’s arm, a little snore coming from his mouth as sleep finally overtook him.
He could have stood there and watched him work for hours, but Steve- because he’s Steve- suddenly becomes aware of Tony’s presence, despite the fact he hasn’t made a sound, and he turns around suddenly, facing Tony with a startled gasp of surprise. Now that Tony can properly see him, it’s easy to see that he hasn’t been sleeping. There are dark circles under his eyes, his hair is an unkempt mess of blond, and there’s an uncharacteristic unsteadiness to his movements that would only be there from lack of sleep.
He hadn’t slept since he’d been woken up by the team. He wasn’t sure how long that had been, but he knew that his body was starting to flag. In fact, the floor was looking like a pretty decent place to just lay down for a second and sort out his thoughts. Someone had to keep watch, too. In case…
“Happy birthday, Steve,” Tony said softly, his head falling against Steve’s chest.
. This isn’t working. You know it isn’t.”
Tony was looking down at him, his head rested on top of his hand whilst his spare one brushed lazily over Steve’s back, writing out the patterns and equations he’d been doing earlier into his skin. His hair was an absolute mess- large portions of it sticking straight up, whilst the rest of it hung loosely over his eyes, and there were small creases on the side of his cheek from where he’d slept. And- yeah, there were those hickeys Steve had been talking about. Still standing out against the rest of his skin, Steve prided himself on a job well done. They looked hot as fuck, and he was kinda wanting to run his mouth over them again, make them even darker and more visible just because he wanted the whole world to know who Tony belonged to. Melodramatic, possibly, but Steve didn’t even care.
Shit. Shit shit fuck shi
Tony winked, twirling it over his fingers expertly. “Addicts always have stashes, sweetie.” He chuckled lightly and then raised it to his mouth- only to be stopped by Steve’s hand, curled firmly around his wrist. He eyed it up for a second before flicking that gaze up to Steve instead.
“Please,” Steve asked desperately, but Sam’s dad didn’t budge. In the end, he had to accept defeat, agreeing quietly. Paul had told him he’d make an excuse for his potential lateness, but that would be it, and if Steve didn’t turn up to school, he was gonna be in deep trouble.
Susan exhaled in frustration. She didn’t know what to tell him.
Sam pouted, spearing a fork into his pasta and then glaring daggers at Steve when he laughed. Of course, his amusement was short lived- as soon as Mrs Wilson had left the room, Darcy turned to him with a scary smile on her face, and Steve realized this dinner was going to last a very, very long time.
Tony could only stand there, numb, as he watched Steve walk away from him. His cheek felt like it was on fire, and he should probably go find some ice for it, but if he did it felt like it would just make things a little more real.
He just had to come back home.
“Oh, don’t worry man, I don’t wanna touch this with a ten-foot pole- I’m just here to tell you Bucky’s outside the house. He wants to talk.”
Steve chuckled. “You’re one to talk.”
“Cap—”
Tony said slowly, beginning to undo his tie a little as he scanned the room. “Hey, where’s my h-”
It seemed like no time had passed at all before Tony was suddenly there, right in his face, gently pulling him off the floor. He moaned softly, too tired to fully enunciate the pain. The world was spinning. “Gotta go,” Steve told him, “you gotta…. They’re gonna come for you. I’ll be okay. Jus’…. G’outta here. Quick.”
It took a few seconds, but suddenly Steve shook his head and looked to Tony, eyes widening a little in surprise. “Sorry- what did you say?”
Pops laughed again, and let go to ruffle his hair, a twinkle in his eye. “You asked for it, Pete- we’re gonna be the old folks who yell at pesky teens from their porch. We’ll still be making out in public places when both of us are wrinkly and ancient, and everyone will think we’re cute old people who prove that love last foreverrrr-”
“Fuck off,” Tony tried, but unfortunately the way his arms wrapped around Steve’s back and then rested there loosely gave away his true intentions, which was a shame.
God, he hated how right she could be sometimes.
By the early hours of the morning, they’d all settled down into their pajamas, still surrounded by warmth and pillows and food, and Steve hadn’t drunk a drop, but he still felt buzzed. Tony’s thumb rubbed a warm circle across his wrist, and they were tangled in a mess of limbs on the biggest, brightest beanbag in the front of the fort.
He just wished it did, that was all.
person would. But Steve wasn’t one of those people. Steve was a fucking monster. Designed for war, programmed to kill. He was a pimped up weapon with a conscious, and Tony had paid the price for attempting to get close to him. Someone always fucking paid the price.
Steve just shrugged, swinging his legs off the table. “Lotta things should have killed me,” he declared, looking down at his chest and the Tony-shaped hand that was currently pressing into it.
They kissed through it all. Tony liked that especially. He wasn’t sure why, but he’d thought that there would be less of it. But Steve’s mouth was always on him, in some sense. And there was hand-holding, too. Their fingers interlocked above Tony’s head, grip tight and grounding and wonderful. Tony loved Steve’s hands. Definitely loved them even more after tonight.
He heard Tony say something else, but he’d already turned and walked out of the door, shutting it gently behind him. He walked on, unsure of where he was headed- the hospital was quiet on these corridors, empty aside from the occasional nurse hurrying by. Steve kept going, face tight with the effort of holding everything back, and after ten seconds or so he broke off into a small run, hands extending and reaching out for the door of the men’s room at the end of the corridor. He pushed it open, too rough and too fast, because he felt the wood groan and splinter under his force. It made him jerk his hands away, stumbling into the bathroom and going backward until his back hit the cold tiles of the opposing wall. He looked on, horrified at the door.
be close, he couldn’t, he had no idea whether HYDRA had got to him, Tony was in danger, in danger from
It would be fine. He didn’t need to worry. This was the first mission out since they’d even found the boy- in fact, as far as Tony recalled, he’d never been without at least one Avenger in the tower since his arrival. So of course it was going to be difficult to acclimatize to leaving him. But Peter would be fine, and for now, Tony needed to keep his head in the game. They had a while to go before they were out of the danger.
They sounded… like they were laughing?
Footsteps clacking down the corridor.
If someone had said that to Steve about his own dad when he’d been alive, he probably would have laughed too.
Tony glanced down at his hands as Steve reprimanded Bucky from beside him. Their methods of comfort were rather stark in their contrast; Steve preferred to be motherly and gentle, whereas Bucky was more of a ‘get up and walk it off’ kinda guy. “Think I made it out in one piece this time, Buckaroo,” he assured with a small grin.
going on vacation after this.
That was the way Steve must see him, sometimes. And if he asked, he was well aware Steve would disagree, tell him
“What… what are you doing?” Tony asked, brow furrowed deeply as he stepped further in and took a shirt from the pile of luggage. Steve quickly snatched it back, stuffing it into his bag defensively.
He opened his mouth a few minutes later, but the words died in his mouth as he glanced down and saw that Tony was fast asleep in his arms. His hair was falling over his eyes, mouth hanging open vacantly as he slept soundly for what was probably the first time in a few days by that point.
“Ow,” Steve complained with a pout, whilst Bucky just tutted and then pushed open the door, shouldering Steve inside.
Tony really wanted to marry him.
, he smiled at me while i passed on the corridors today and that was literally all that happened. I honestly don’t know why you’re making such a big deal out of this, he called me cute
“My mistake was trusting SHIELD,” Steve said softly, “not finding you again, not… not all those things I said and did. None of them were mistakes. I meant every word of what I told you. At the time, I wished I didn’t. But that doesn’t change the facts I gave you that night.”
Tony clenched his eyes shut and pushed Steve away weakly. This time, Steve went- and with no one to hold him up, his shaky knees buckled and he fell to the floor. It sent another flame of agony through his midsection and he whimpered, curling up into himself. It hurt like hell. He was pretty sure a rib had been broken completely.
It wasn’t the cave.
won’t hurt Tony.”
Tony glanced up at him, raising an eyebrow. “You could say so. Mostly just tinkering though- although I can admit, this one’s a little more high brow.”
Steve grinned for a second, before they turned the corner and began walking toward the receptionist at the end of the hall. Tony began his tirade; squirming around in Steve’s grip as he stumbled along, threatening a dozen different legal actions Steve barely even understood, waving his first in the air and saying SHIELD wasn’t going to last a week under the scrutiny of his attorneys. He was very believable. Then again, Tony had always been a better liar than Steve.
“You had fun?” Steve called out, beginning to walk forward as Tony started his clamber back to the deck.
Steve could admit, he made a pleased sort of sound in the back of his throat at that. He was pretty sure he was going to love retelling it almost as much as he’d loved living through it. “Sure will,” he said, giving her another hug. She returned it with enthusiasm before kissing him on the cheek and then wiping away the little lipstick stain.
Tony wanted to fucking scream. But he didn’t. He was better than that. Instead, he just leaned his closed fist up against the chest of the armour—which wasn’t a good idea when he remembered that DUM-E had just been melding some of the pieces earlier, and it was still pretty goddamn hot. “FUCK,
tired, I just want to
He looked down, suddenly feeling disastrously close to tears. “Never let people hurt others. Don’t let them hurt you either. Not even if you love them. It’s never,
“A list. For everyone. In case… just in case. I… didn’ think anyone would think along the same lines as me, though.”
He shook himself, concentrating on the task at hand as Tony began to explain over Steve’s shoulder. He saw those pesky hands start up; rising from his lap to begin waving around, and on instinct, Steve grabbed for them- he needed to ice the red knuckles.
“Well you know what, Steve, maybe if I had been a better partner to you while you were going through one of the darkest periods of your fucking life, we never would have split up and I could have explained Iron Man to you a year earlier so that none of this would have happened at all!” Tony waved his hands emphatically through the air and then sighed, slumping back into his chair. “You see what I’m trying to say here? If we go back far enough, there’s always someone else to blame. We can’t do that to ourselves. You made mistakes, I made mistakes. But you miss me. And I miss you. And—and I don’t know about you, but God, Steve, I meant it when I said I never stopped loving you. I’m not expecting that back or anything, but I won’t let you just wander the streets aimlessly until you get arrested. Okay? I won’t do it.”
“Go home, Steve,” he mumbled, “you’ve been here all night, You’re gonna get in trouble.”
“So what do you think’s gonna happen to that version, then?” He asked, fingers stroking over Steve’s bare forearm. “The whole Civil War thing might still happen. We still might break up.”
Tony laughed nervously. “Yeah?”
like flying. Cool wind braced his cheeks, dark skies littered with shining pinpricks filled his vision. New York was a dot beneath him. He wondered if he was on a plane. Except it was cold, and he was exposed, and planes didn’t feel like
“Sure?”
Tony blinked at him in confusion, before the realisation dawned on him and his mouth dropped wide. “Holy shit,” he murmured, “all along. Wow. That’s…”
And it was only in rare times like these when Tony got to indulge himself in the little touches like this- when he got to just run a hand through Steve’s hair and not feel afraid that he’d get yelled at. He knew it was selfish, but what could he say?
Tony's getting out of control, and the team can't handle it any more.
Unfortunately, however, Tony really
Eventually Sam got back, interrupting their fifth episode of the Simpsons with his groaning and grumbling about how sore he felt after gym. Tony laughed at him good-naturedly and then assured Sam that one day if he kept working hard, he might be able to beat Tony in an arm wrestling match. Of course, this led to a five minute argument and ended with Sam challenging Tony to a wrestle, extending his hand daringly and waggling it in Tony’s face. “If you think you’re so hard,” he goaded, “come on then, Stark. Let’s see what you’re made of.”
Steve seemed to know what he was thinking, because he frowned deeply and leaned forward, taking Tony’s hand. His mouth opened to speak, but they were interrupted by the re-entering of Bruce, this time carrying Peter with a look of immense distaste on his face. He didn’t say a word- simply plopped Peter down into Tony’s lap and then stepped away. “There,” he said, “now you touched him last.”
Tony looked up at the screen through bleary eyes, trying to stifle a yawn as he once more admitted defeat and erased the tab that’d been attempting to track an online paper-trail of evidence. This was the seventeenth brick wall he’d hit that day, and he was Goddamn tired of it. He hated AIM passionately. “JARVIS, any luck with the older files that SHIELD have in the archives?”
He wanted to say no immediately, but then he realised that might sound forced, so he waited a second before just shaking his head, fingers trailing down Tony’s face absently. “Not even a little bit,” he confirmed, “I knew all that when I kissed you for the first time. The fame… it does bother me sometimes, I’m not going to lie. But only because I hate how they don’t treat you like you’re a human. They don’t stop to think before watching a video of an underage kid, because to them, you’re just… I dunno,
Tony let Steve slip Peter into his own hold and then gently carry him over to the cot backed up against the opposing wall. Peter was pretty much already asleep by then, his eyelids drooping adorably and his tiny body engulfed by the yellow duck-patterns of his sleepsuit. He was definitely cutest little kid Tony had ever seen—and that wasn’t even biased, it was just true. No other baby even compared, most of them were ugly and looked all weird, like aliens. Peter was perfect though. Obviously.
Steve’s fingers curled nervously around Tony’s, and all other thoughts swiftly dropped out of his head as he looked down at their joined hands. “Is this okay?” He whispered nervously, and Tony could only laugh in disbelief, squeezing their hands together and tugging him forward with a huff.
He blinked. Looked down at his leg. Shuffled it a little. It ached, hurt when he moved it too far, but there was no agony. No seeping wound, messily bandaged by Bruce and left out in the freezing cold.
He stopped at the faded number on the ugly green door and took a breath.
“Sorry, sorry,” Bruce muttered apologetically, “we need to raise it, Tony.” He hoisted it further up until it was at an appropriate point in the air and then snapped at Rhodey to go get something to hold it up. The man nodded curtly and hurried away to a place Tony’s hazy vision couldn’t see him.
“Yep,” Tony nodded and then reached out for his toothbrush, “I’m going to do absolutely fuck-all.”
And Tony is suddenly… completely and utterly
“Well, yeah,” Steve shrugged, looking out into the window. “I’d… they’re a different type of person to me, aren’t they? Different worlds. I’m- I’m just not enough for that, and it’s okay, I wouldn’t ask you to embarrass yourself-“
They ended up getting distracted.
She merely waved a hand, as if saying ‘lets find out’. He smiled again and then shook Steve’s shoulder softly, nudging him awake. Steve’s eyes fluttered open at the same time Tony gently lifted Peter off his chest and into his own arms. “Come on, Petey-pie,” he soothed as the boy stirred, making a little noise of irritation, “just gotta get both you boys to your proper beds.”
Tony just shrugged though- looking off to the side and then throwing up a smile when he caught Steve watching. “They made a documentary about it, you know,” he said softly.
Steve nodded slowly. “Yeah,” he breathed “yeah, I know. I love you. I love you so much. I wouldn’t… I was going to tell them what they wanted. About Bucky. To stop them.” He looked down in shame, the heavy guilt curling tight in his gut. “I wouldn’t have been able to… I’m sorry, I’m just-”
That didn’t seem to unduly worry Fury. “That’s still the best in we’ve got.”
He nodded, and smiled into Tony’s kiss. “We won,” he repeated, “and now we can rest."
“So, today was a bit of a royal fuck up, huh.”
He braces for impact, a little yelp escaping his lips as he jerks his hands up on instinct- but impact doesn’t come. Instead, there’s a sudden tight pressure on his waist, and he realizes it’s an arm that’s just managed to snag him before he brains himself. Which is nice. Definitely helpful.
“Nope,” Steve interrupted, pushing Tony’s hips back on to the bed before rolling off him, grinning cheekily, because he was a
Tony had nodded, letting the hope sit comfortably in his stomach and keep him from doing something terrible, like crying. Ever since then, he’d been sat on his hospital bed looking through all the notes and scans and weird neuroscience terminology, and simply trying to make sense of it all.
“THAT’S THE FUCKING
Tony nodded, shoving open the doors and then exiting out into the open air. The cold breeze hit his face, and he bit his lip and pulled out his phone again. Just to double check.
“What if he needs my help?” Steve raised his head up to the ceiling, an old habit. He and JARVIS had had many a conversation despairing over Tony’s welfare, and unless Tony had drastically changed the AI’s code since Steve had been gone, that protective streak would still be there. “JARVIS, I’m not a civilian, and right now, there are people out there in danger.”
As the videos went on and the months passed, Tony watched Lewinsky appear to become more and more removed, quiet, subdued. She watched on while they continued to experiment, but she often cut the tests short, and Tony noticed she began to pick Peter up from the crib herself and take him away back to his nursery. If Tony was being objective—which he wasn’t, Lewinsky was a fucking monster and she had no soul—he’d have hypothesised that the woman was slowly getting attached.
That… wasn’t true. He was sure of it. He was a fucking superhero, he knew when to call it quits. When something was wrong or not. It was just that when it came to Tony, things were different. He drove people insane on a good day, and it was why he’d never been able to keep people long.
“Yeah,” Tony grinned, “I love you.”
“JARVIS?” Tony called out, and Steve almost jumped out of his skin when Tony’s desk answered “yes, sir?”
“I love you too, Steve, Christ,” Tony felt shaky as he said it, endlessly relieved that Steve didn’t seem upset, “you like it then? The idea, I mean?”
bad, surely- he knew where he’d spent the night, thank you very much.
The man didn’t turn from the TV. “These creatures go through so much violence and pain, yet it is so, so funny. That duck was beaten repeatedly over the head with a spade mere minutes ago.” Thor pointed at one of the animations. Tony was pretty sure that one was called Donald. Or maybe Daffy. He couldn’t say he’d ever paid much attention to their names. “I have not slept all night, Tony. How are you even alive?”
“I know,” Steve told him, helping him down off the ramp and trying not to let himself cry. Tony would be okay. He was in bad shape, but he’d get better. “We couldn’t stop him. We tried, but we couldn’t… it was too much.”
His first instinct was to throw it in the trash, just to spite him. Of course, that didn’t last long- he hated wasting things, and the jacket probably cost a hell of a lot of money. Tony would want it back, and Goddamn it, Steve owed him at least that much. He felt morally obligated- stupid fucking principals, couldn’t just let him be a petty bastard for a single second.
From the kitchen counter where he was preparing his toast, Steve smiled. “Sure you are sweetheart,” he responded absently, lifting a hand to his temple where, as Clint had said, the first few strands of grey were just beginning to grow through. He’d known that he was aging early on, but he was still strangely happy when he’d seen the proof for himself. The thought of having to slowly watch everyone else grow old around him was one he dared not even entertain.
Both Tony and Steve stared at the two tags, resting against the glass casing which gave them a strange sort of blue halo as the light shone around them.
Steve watched the events unfold from the relative safety of Tony’s quinjet—saw the tanks turn their weapons on the Robot’s back and begin to fire, and then watched as the thing turned to face them, taking a threatening step forward and lock & loading the next round of explosives that were being fired from its wrist. Steve locked on the target and fired a concentrated blast right up on the Robot’s chest. At the same time, a dozen other machine guns followed suit, and missiles pummelled the Thing’s front. Steve watched as Iron Man swooped down from the sky, arms outstretched, and this time when he reached the barrier surrounding the robot, it seemed to be less of a brick wall and more of an elastic surface- and one that was close to tearing.
” Steve repeated what Tony had said earlier, “
Tony has never played hide and seek before.
“-I have to, I have to see him,” Steve could barely even register what his own mouth was saying, and the restraints were strong but he was stronger (so strong, oh God, he was fucking lethal, a monster), and he ripped his wrists away from the table with a surge of force, feeling his bone groan at the tension, but ultimately hold strong as reinforced metal snapped around him. Natasha’s voice was rising in the room but she wasn’t important, nothing was important other than Tony, lying in some hospital room because
“And I smoked for years, all the way through my twenties. I quit a good while back, but I’ve never been able to get rid of the craving. Figured there’s no point holding back now, is there?”
put out, but God it was hard to keep it in his pants just then.
Cufflinks. He needed… there were loads in the little drawer to his left, so he pulled them out hastily and then looked over them, picking out the little arc reactors. They’d finish off the look nicely. And trousers—God, he’d almost fucking forgotten trousers. Dark navy, tight-fitted enough to give the board members something to squirm over. That’d be funny.
It didn’t make sense. This didn’t make any sense.
Cursing quietly, Steve shut his eyes and tried to get some rest. Tomorrow, he’d tell Tony that he wanted to try this again—rekindle their relationship and pick up where they’d left off. Then he would call up SHIELD from a secure location and tell them everything Tony had let him in on, ask them whether they wanted him to hold his position or go straight in with the arresting process. It would be messy, and painful, and Steve was going to get himself together and just fucking do it, because
“I know, it’s driving me mad!” Tony grabbed for a mug with a shake of his head, turning around just as he saw Thor tackle Steve right off the couch and send them both tumbling to the floor with a loud thud. Something cracked, and Tony just hoped it wasn’t a body part. “Why am I dating him again?”
Bucky’s mouth dropped open a little. “Your best friend is Tony Stark?” He asked dumbly, and Steve watched Carol walk hurriedly out of the door too, zipping up her coat and shooting Bucky a grim stare as she joined Rhodey’s side.
There was a short sigh, and then the sound of retreating footsteps. “I’ll come back a bit later, shall I?”
me, you fucking idiot- you’ve saved so many people and changed
Unfortunately however, the evening wasn’t over when he finally managed to drift off. Really, it was his fault: at this point in his life, he should’ve known not to try and sleep with that sort of heavy weight at the front of his mind, because it never mixed well with PTSD and chronic nightmares. Go fucking figure.
Steve swallowed, feeling the shame curl in his gut. Yeah, okay, so obviously Tony thought he was a complete idiot. Which was fair. He’d acted like one. “I-“
“Yeah, and?”
He saluted wearily and then jogged off, and once he had ducked around the corner it was pretty much just Steve, Clint, Sam and Natasha left in the cafeteria. He could see the kitchen staff eyeing them up warily from behind the counters.
“Call Tony,” he said as he began to walk over to the doors, “he’s worried about you.”
“Petey, why are you up there?” Tony called out.
When he came to Steve’s door a minute or so later, he didn’t bother to knock, instead simply bursting through the doors and laying his eyes first on Steve’s conscious form, and then quickly over to the heart-monitor at the corner of the room. He watched it for a second, looking at each one of the steady beats. Steve was okay.
Tony looked at him for a moment, before humming nervously and then nodding softly. “I mean- of course I would, Steve,” he said with a shrug, and it was dark, yeah, but Steve liked to think Tony was going red under his collar, “I’m just really sorry I made a scene. I didn’t mean to embarrass you, I swear-“
“I am going to take the fastest and coldest shower of my life,” Tony explained, voice a little hoarse as he looked down at Steve, “and you are going to stay right here, okay? Don’t go anywhere.”
Steve nodded, feeling the tiny shift that signified they had come to a stop. “Thank you,” he told JARVIS politely.
He spluttered a few times, trying to make sense of the sudden arrival of each one of his friends in his room. They were all staring at him expectantly, like they expected him to do something glorious at 9:50 in the morning.
He laughed quietly, bangs once more falling into his eyes before he leaned down and pressed their mouths together, nothing in it but softness and gratitude. When Steve pulled away, his eyes were shining. “Thank you. I love you. And you don’t have to say it back—”
With a sigh, he tucked himself in and then lay his head on the pillow, trying to quiet his quick-paced mind. The cracked ceiling stared down at him as he counted each flaking piece of paint, and he twisted the ring on his thumb around and around absently, before his brain finally received the message that his body was trying to send, and he drifted off into a fitful doze.
It wasn’t really what he wanted to say. He wanted to say that Tony was stupid for putting all his chips in on Steve, that he should have just left it alone, not provoked Ty like that. He also wanted to say that, despite all of that, there weren’t quite any words for the way that it made Steve feel, to know that Tony would sacrifice all of that for him. It was hard to comprehend, really.
“Goodbye, Tony,” he said softly, trying to push everything he wanted to say into the two words.
A little shoddily, sure, but Tony could let it slide considering that the boy wasn’t even out of diapers yet.
“Mm hmm” Tony answers contentedly against Steve’s chest, “missed me?”
would be able to save them from the fury of Captain America protecting the people he loved.
Tony was crying now, his voice desperate through the audio, and he wheezed when Howard hit him again. There was a clatter, and Steve figured Howard must have shoved him.
“This is for the best,” Tony said throatily, nodding his head once. Steve stilled, and then leaned away with the smallest of sighs, teeth tugging on his bottom lip as he watched Tony. “You should set some boundaries too, Steve. It’s the sensible thing to do.”
“No one gives more of a shit than you do, love,” Steve told him firmly, “everyone knows that. Pepper knows that. That’s why she let me convince her to cancel all your meetings and whisk you away to the middle of bumfuck nowhere for a relaxing retreat. If you want, of course,” he added with haste, glancing off to the side as Tony simply looked at him in confusion.
Tony raised his hands defensively. “Whoah there, soldier, I didn’t realise staying out after curfew was a capital offence now.”
Effortless on the field and natural as friends. I fell in love with him so easily, because he was just
Peter gave him a long look, raising his eyebrows. “He doesn’t think he deserves it, duh. Pretty sure he’s convinced he’s cursed or somethin’- anything that goes near him is destined for a fate worse than death or whatever- like I said, I don’t know what he's thinking,” Peter waved a hand again, frowning.
But Tony only rolled his eyes and gave Bruce the middle finger irritably. He didn’t have time for the morality lecture, because he was well aware that he was being an asshole. To Steve, to the team, to everyone. It was just…
Fuck. Fuck fuck fuck fuck, this was so fucking ridiculous-
“Yeah, I am.”
He turned his head; looked out through the crack in his curtains where the streetlight and the orangey glow from the sky looked back at him, and realized that she was right. He’d started to let himself be happy. He had friends- good friends who were there for him and who understood him. A home where he was loved and people who he could rely on, even though they weren’t his official family. He felt as if he actually wanted to get up and
“My house has a spare room,” Natasha said quietly, “he can stay there.”
Steve just huffed in amusement, looking down at Tony with a gentle gaze. He pressed a delicate kiss to the hickey on Tony’s neck and then slipped out, going to grab a cloth and clean them both up. Afterwards, he pulled on his uniform and left for SHIELD- something about training the new recruits or whatever. Tony, with a relatively free day, decided to just go down to the labs and pester Bruce about his project. He’d been pretty obsessed with it over the past week or so, and Tony was intrigued. It would be a good way to take his mind off all the things he was feeling, too. Science. The solution to every problem.
Except for Steve. For Steve, he’d let all of that fall away. All for a man he hadn’t even seen in a year.
His head fell back into his hands again. “Great,” he bit, “absolutely fucking typical.”
Maybe he just didn't like them. Which was fine. Tony didn't either- not really. They were too loud. Too needy. Tony liked to have intellectual conversations with his peers, not feed them mushed up banana bits. Kids were all gross and messy. Steve clearly didn't want anything to do with them either, and it seemed the very thought of him and Tony being parental figures was completely absurd to him too. Which was fine by Tony. Families would probably be a disaster, if he was involved, let's be honest.
Their foreheads touched, and when Tony looked at him, Steve felt like he was seeing his own life falling back into place around him; all those jagged edges and raw pieces he’d become desensitized to finally finding their homes in the right places, smoothing out, making him whole again.
“Come here, lie down with me,” he said through a giggle, “maybe it’s the morphine fucking with my sense of spatial awareness, but I think we can both fit on this thing, right?”
They walked up the drive, shoulders brushing until they reached the step.  Tony knocked three times with the toe of his boot, and then turned to Steve, opening his mouth-
Tony had no idea what to say. He was pretty sure his brain had just frozen up at that point, unable to handle so many things at once. Steve was going to break up with him. This seemed like a strange thing to do for someone you were going to break up with.
He blinked, and then turned away hurriedly before he could become too invested in observing Peter. His hands flexed, unused to seeing the little boy and not ending up with him in his arms. He tamped down the urge. “Maybe next time you’ll listen when we tell you that he needs to keep to his routine,” he told Thor, tugging at the blanket around the man’s head before starting to walk back over to the kitchen. “Want me to make you a coffee?”
Steve stepped into the elevator and turned to Tony, rubbing at his chest. “Well, I mean… you didn’t
Tony only dropped his arm when they were out of the building, like Steve might suddenly turn and decide to finish what he’d started. Which, to be fair, wasn’t too far off bat. Steve
SHIELD is on Tony’s ass as usual, pestering him to upgrade their shit once more, to the point where he’s ready to start tearing out his hair, and Steve’s just about reached his limit, too- he’s been following some bullshit HYDRA lead for months now, and to no avail, they’re still just teetering one step ahead of him.
Tony smiled, sticking his hands in his pockets and then starting to walk up the path to Sam’s house, Steve falling into step behind him. It was funny, how easy he found Tony to talk to. Although, to be fair, everything felt easy when he was with Tony and Tony was just being Tony- if that made any sense.
They’d work things out. They always did.
They spent the day doing exactly what Tony had said: Fuck-all.
Of course, as he got older, those little fantasies stopped holding so much appeal, but the warmth that surrounded Christmas still remained. It had been the month where everyone just got that little bit kinder. That little bit more giving. And even better than that, it had also been the month when Sarah Rogers would always be let off work a few hours earlier, coming home to Steve with a big hug and a bigger smile, immediately burying herself into blankets and asking Steve about his day, how he’d been, whether he was okay.
Steve couldn't help feel sorry for him. Despite the fact he'd brought it on himself, he could imagine the feeling of whatever Tony had taken leaving his system was not a pleasant one.
Tony felt his heart break into ten separate, jagged pieces as Steve’s face crumbled right after he trailed off, shaking hands coming up to his eyes and hiding them as tears spilled down his cheeks. He groaned, long and slow and painful as he whispered “I’m
Bucky didn’t say anything; just stared at him in shock as he passed through the door. Then his head jerked back to where Tony was sat at the bottom of the little driveway, and a truly foul stream of curses fell from his mouth as he raised a finger and pointed it accusingly at Tony. “Oh, boy, you are
“Fuck that, I can help—”
Tony did actually glance his way, then; brow creased. “What the hell for?”
Steve grinned and wandered through the room, rubbing tiredly at his eyes as he joined Tony in the bathroom. The mirror hung that hung in front of both Tony and Steve was large enough that it pretty much covered the entire wall- an effect Steve had simply raised an eyebrow to when he’d seen it the first time. He liked it now, though. Mainly because it made it easier to see Tony from all angles when they were both in the bath together, but whatever.
“There’s a group of popular guys?” Steve asked.
Tony squinted, rolling a little further into the warm embrace that he knew was Steve’s arms and groaning softly. “No. Too early. Call back in an hour.”
“Well, I
Well- at least he’d know to avoid him if that was the case, Steve thought. “Two shitheads were trying to ruin some kid’s work. I stepped in. They changed tune and decided to ruin my face instead.”
Tony was
His friend just looked at him worriedly, but ultimately he respected Steve’s wishes as the boy trudged up the stairs, glancing down at his ugly second-hand shoes as he went.
you,” Tony spat, pointing a finger at him as he felt his traitorous eyes well with tears, “you don’t... Steve, you’re a totally different person, and I don’t-
“I can see why Tony loves you so much,” he said through a smile, before turning his head back to the little path they’d come down, “hey, I’m kinda hungry. We should get food after this.”
And so Tony immediately knew that something was wrong.
Steve jumped and looked up, spotting Tony peering at him from the cracked-open blinds. He hadn’t gotten any less thin, but his complexion seemed slightly healthier. That was good. “Uh,” he stammered, trying to think of something to respond with, “I know you know. I was just—”
Tony raised his voice then, the word cracking at the end as he pointed a finger accusingly at Steve, “don’t fucking say that. You can’t… use that, not now. We have priorities, Steve. We have a little baby girl, if you had fucking forgotten—”
Tony had still been there when Howard had arrived back home. And Ty hadn’t wasted any time. Tony had been wrong- or at least, Tony had been lying when he’d told Steve that Howard wouldn’t ever find out.
It allowed Rumlow to dart forward, extend his arm like a snake pouncing on its prey, with something dangerous glinting in his right hand.
Tony looked at him, and Rhodey looked back, some silent conversation containing words no one else would ever hear passing between them. “Hey, honeybear,” Tony said throatily in the end, the endearment cracking halfway through. He still tried to smile, but it came out flat. Steve gave his hand a squeeze.
Tony makes lists.
“Nope,” he popped the ‘p’ through tight lips and then looked back up, “not yet. Which is fine. Absolutely fine.”
Tony just looked at him blankly, glancing at his book for a second. “You’ve done more flowers in the margins than you’ve done questions. And you’ve only drawn two flowers.”
There was a short pause, and then JARVIS answered. “It is my duty to protect and obey my creator. He has warned me not to, and I quote, ‘freak you out before he even has a chance to get used to the crazy shit that goes on around here’, and so I am trying my best to diffuse the situation I just created. Again, apologies. My social codes are not as developed as they should be, seeing as Sir does not usually let me interact with others.”
“We could time travel,” he said in the end, voice soft, “Tony, do you know what that… if what Natasha’s saying is right, we could—”
There was a deep sort of ache in the center of Steve’s chest as he looked at Tony, and the resigned tiredness behind the boy’s eyes. Unknowing of what exactly to say, he just looked back down at Tony’s hand again, thumb brushing across the back of his palm. It seemed to relax Tony a little, because he breathed out softly and let his head drop a bit, until his cheek brushed the side of Steve’s hair.
“Ugh,” Tony whined, but let his cheek sag against Steve’s shoulder in defeat. In all fairness, he was pretty exhausted.
“Yeah, I can see that fucking much for myself, thanks,” came the sharp reply, and just like that, Steve’s guard was up. He narrowed his eyes and lifted his head, spotting Tiberius- the one who’d been talking to Tony earlier that week- sneering back down at him, holding his coffee cup between two fingers and brushing off his jacket.
Tony looked at him, bewildered. His heart was sinking rapidly—why couldn’t Steve just humour him, at the very least? He knew Tony enjoyed it. And Tony always made sure to at least extend a little interest over
, while you were grieving the loss of your best friend.” He tightened his fingers around Steve’s shoulder and laughed self-deprecatingly. “I was a shitty husband before I even got a chance to be a husband. And I’m so sorry for that. If I could go back, do things differently… I would.”
Clint just snorted. “Of course you can. Give him your Tony-Face, maybe promise him a blowie, and he’ll be right over-“
Tony stood there for a long time, before finally pulling himself together and taking Steve’s advice, stumbling up to their bedroom and silently removing his suit from the night. After that, he showered, then methodically brushed his teeth and slipped into bed. He didn’t look at the mirror as he went. Guilt and shame curled up in his gut, sat there like a tangible thing clawing at his insides. He curled up into a small ball and tried to sleep, but it just wouldn’t come, no matter how hard he tried. He felt like he’d let Steve down. A
Bruce leveled him with a glare, before pushing his glasses a little further up his nose and rolling his eyes. “I’ll give you five minutes.”
for doing that to me. But I hate myself more for being the one who failed him.”
He shook his head at the Principal. “I’m sorry too,” he said, “but I can’t say anything without Tony’s permission.”
him anymore. He goes out every night with his friends and comes back home a little more altered, and I can’t stop him. I’ve tried. But I can’t. He doesn’t want my help. Doesn’t think he needs help from anyone.” Thor’s face turned sharp as he shook his head. “Thanks to our wonderful parents, Loki learned self-sufficiency at a very young age. I grew up looking after him, but he grew up being the one that had to be coddled by his big brother. Sometimes I wonder if he always hated me as much as he does now, but just never showed it.”
He bit his lip and looked down, finally caving. It had been two hours since he’d last checked in- that was normal-ish, right? “JARVIS, give me Steve’s current resting heart-rate.”
The smile on Tony’s face dimmed a little. “Good,” he said after a beat, looking away from Steve, “Keeps you on your toes, doesn’t it?”
The journey back had been rough on everyone.
Tony was just laughing at him again, and Steve had to laugh alongside him, really, because there was no way he could just keep a straight face when Tony looked like that- it was impossible. He rolled his eyes and looked away, but knew that Tony had seen the redness covering his cheeks. It was impossible to ignore, really, Goddamned Irish complexion-
When they got back to his door, Tony looked up apprehensively. “You sure the Wilsons are gonna be okay with me jus’ marching in an’ getting comfy in their home?”
“Tell him yourself,” Natasha said firmly, “we’ll be out of here in a few more hours, I’m sure of it. We just have to sit tight and wait.”
He’d kept the truth from Tony while they’d been together because he was a coward and a bastard, and this was his reward.
Because that’s what they did. They screamed and threw mugs and spewed venom at one another, declaring they were finished or they hated one another.
“As soon as you stepped through that threshold and saw him, what was the first thing you did Steve?”
. He was ‘it’, he was Test Subject 02. Peter loved bubbles and Peppa Pig and dumb kiddie shit like people blowing raspberries on his belly when they were changing his diaper, and a few months ago, he’d been nothing more than a weapon. A product to be tested.
Tony complained at the nurses the entire time- he’d done this rodeo before, taking out his arc reactor Slash pacemaker had never caused any lasting damage from what he knew, and he was perfectly fine to function afterward. They questioned the pace of it, told him it was too fast to be normal, and Tony snappily informed them it was probably because his boyfriend’s own heart had just stopped less than an hour ago, so sue him for being a little fucking anxious. He didn’t mention that he really was feeling exhausted, like he’d spent a whole day doing weight training until every muscle ached. They’d only keep him in longer, and every moment spent getting checked on himself meant a moment he was away from Steve. And at that moment, he really didn’t want to be away from Steve.
This was probably what the therapist had been talking about with all that ‘healing’ shtick. Or, you know, just the loss of ability to give a fuck about school.
Steve just gaped, horror stricken as Howard began to back off, seemingly appeased. “They’re arriving in five minutes,” he called out as he left, “you be ready by then, or I’m draggin’ you down and makin’ you talk with your ass out.”
to Steve’s file later. “No, Tony, your brain is still perfectly safe. Listen-”
Steve made a face. “You don’t even know me!” he spluttered, “you’re not… you don’t like me, don’t be ridiculous. You think I’m dorky and uncool.”
“I won’t fall off if you promise to wear a helmet this time,” Steve responded, following Tony out of the door.
Yeah.
He wasn’t sure he could physically be in any more pain.
With a sigh, Steve let his head drop into Peggy’s shoulder. She mirrored the action, resting her cheek on his hair.
Three minutes later (yes, three whole minutes to get across the house) they ended up in what had to be Tony’s room. It was big, like every other place, but each surface and pretty much 90% of the walls were covered in…
They’d arrived in Geneva early the morning before, and had been in meetings and consultations ever since. What with the world still being in relative chaos after The Snap and then the subsequent Unsnapping, these sorts of peace summits were being held on a pretty much monthly basis these days. Entire governments had collapsed and new ones put in place, only to be pushed out again when the old ones returned. In the sea of faces here, about 30% of them were new. They were ones who’d stood up to the role and tried to keep their countries from collapse, and in all honesty, Tony thought they were doing better jobs than the old guys had. A lot of the people who’d stepped up were younger, fresher, more diverse. They’d done amazing things to keep their communities from falling apart. And now, what with all the old fuddy-duddy’s coming back and wanting their power returned to them, there were at least fifteen countries on the brink of civil war. Hence all these goddamned peace summits and UN meetings and God knows what else. And of course, it was all the fuddy-duddy ones who were currently in meeting today. Next week they were holding one for the newer powers, and then the week after that it would be a collective discussion.
Steve heard Tony exhale ever so slightly, and felt with amusement as his pulse suddenly spiked. Neither of them said anything, but Tony shifted a little after a few moments; shuffling closer until his body pressed against Steve’s.
“My whole… I’m
“It’s not your fault, Steve.”
“Hey,” Steve said, “I’m Captain America. I don’t lie.”
But when he did slip through the entrance to the living room, he did in fact see Tony. Safe and well, sleeping peacefully on the couch with the blanket curled over his shoulders.
And god- Tony wanted to just let it go, like Steve was telling him to. He wanted to get back to the screaming; he wanted to ask why the hell Steve had been so rude and cold and distant over the past few weeks; why he’d chosen to drive off to fucking
He knew what Tony was going to do before he even did it, because it had been 12 years, and Steve had learned more and more about him through each one of them.
“Shut the fuck up, Tony,I’m not in the mood, just… shut up,” Steve hissed,fingers tapping constantly against the counter, fast and erratic and completely unlike him.
“Who?” Steve said, somewhat resignedly.
He felt his face fall a little, and couldn’t help the disappointment creep in. He’d been looking forward to spending Christmas with them, and his whole ‘wooing Steve’ plan had been sort of dependant upon the specific traditions that came with the holiday. But if it’d taken him a day and a half just to wake up, it’d probably be at least another two before he could actually leave the medbay, which meant that by the time he was out, it’d mostly be back to every-day life,-- and by everyday life he meant lounging around eating nothing but toast and cereal while waiting for New Years to come around.
things, even when they were stupid and boring, like baseball. “It’s just a bit of fun,” he said, pulling a face, “you don’t need to take such a strong stance about it. All it is is an excuse for people to dress up and for kids to eat candy and watch scary films—”
“Were you with someone?” Peggy asked seriously, folding her arms and then shooting him an unimpressed look when he groaned at her, “you’ve never had more than a few sips before in your life Steve- excuse us for being concerned. Did you have someone with you?”
He looked around at his friends, noting the varying degrees of pity they had on their faces. Which was pretty annoying, seeing as they had no idea what was going on, not really.
Tony’s eyes narrowed, as he took the envelope from Clint’s hands. “This better not implode upon opening-”
Tony sighed in resignation, realising he was probably not going to leave this room dry. “Alright, you get that out of your system,” he muttered, rolling up his shirt-sleeves and then flicking water back at Peter, who only cackled harder, smashing down on a pile of bubbles and sending the suds flying everywhere.
,” Tony hissed, head jerking up angrily, almost nose-to-nose with Steve as he leaned in further, “it’s not fucking fine and it’s not okay, but here I fucking am anyway- not stoppin’, not…
He wanted to be sick. What the hell must Steve think of him? He’d been bigging it up for the whole fucking month. Then he’d gone and said all that, like
Steve couldn’t understand why he did this.
Steve watched a silent tear slip slowly down Tony’s face, and he leaned forward and gently wiped it away with his thumb. They smiled at one another, their hands holding each other so tight it was damn near painful. “Go back to sleep,” Steve told him, “I’ll be here when you wake up.”
Tony shook his head stiffly. “I’m not- I’m not staying long,” he said, and then held out his hands, showing off the bunch of stuff to Steve. “Here,” he jigged them a bit, “uh- your stuff. I found it.”
, wasn’t it? We should listen to your advice-“
It's been a stressful day. Steve and Tony cuddle on the couch and watch movies to cope.
All he heard for a few seconds was Rhodey’s breathing, and the sound of the road underneath them.
Coming back home was always nice. Warm. Lovely. It was hard (although not impossible) to feel glum when he knew what was waiting for him upstairs. It was a bit of a gamble as to what exactly he got- whether it be a Norse God or an Archer or all of them at once- but Steve didn’t mind. They were all family to him anyway.
Tony watched from the bed in curiosity, as Steve pulled himself upright and wandered over to his wardrobe, falling to his knees as he sifted through the bottom drawer for a second before stilling, hand grabbing at something and then coming back out, closing the cupboard with a click. Tony squinted to see what Steve had, but apart from a tiny flash of shiny grey, he couldn’t see through his clutched fist.
“I know that this is messy Steve,” Tony breathed out after another few seconds of silence. “You did what you did, yeah, and that… hurt, I can’t lie. It hurt a lot. And for the first few hours, I was pretty fucking angry about that. But then the fifth hour rolled in, and I realised a few things." Tony cracked another tiny smile, and there was something almost like fondness in his eyes. "You broke my heart, Steve. Yeah. You did. But then you went home, changed your mind about me with no concrete evidence other than the word of a man who'd been pretty solidly accused of destroying thousands of lives, and turned your back on SHIELD in order to risk everything you'd built for yourself here and break me out. You took a gamble on me when the rest of the world was ready to put me on death row. Figure that’s ultimately a lot harder than just going to your asshole exe’s house and sleeping with him for information. So yeah. Thank you. You saved my life back there. And I know it doesn’t mean shit coming from me, but you really have done the right thing. I’ll explain everything, from start to finish, I promise. But I just want to get this conversation out of the way first.”
“I’ll pretend I know what you just said,” Tony declared, taking another step forward until he was within touching distance of Steve. The man reached out a hand immediately, making a grabby motion with his fingers, and Tony laughed as he locked their hands together. The laugh quickly turned to a yelp, however, when Steve tugged him forward quickly, sending him tumbling over the couch and straight into Steve’s lap. “How much of this Asgardian shit did you give Captain America?” He called to the room as Steve’s happy face loomed over his.
is what ‘swanning back home like Tony Stark’s winnings’ looks like.”
“That was me being generous,” Tony muttered under his breath, but when Bucky glanced over at him he grinned a bit, and Steve just frowned harder.
His heart was pounding as he walked up the drive, and he made sure to limp a little as he went. Natasha’s kicks were brutal, and he was sure there would be a bruise the size of his hand waiting for him when he took a look at it. He supposed it helped keep the story plausible, though.
“Ah, it appears the receptionist has already given them entry to the elevator,” JARVIS told them apologetically, “I could stop it if you wish?”
Of course, the final Christmas that Steve had got to spend with her was both better and worse. They’d had no idea that it was about to get so bad so fast, and so she’d still been at work, slogging away at her desk. Although due to her illness, they had ended up giving her a lot more leave and working her earlier hours, meaning that Steve had managed to spend more time with her during that month than any other December previously. Of course though, Steve hadn’t cherished it in the way he should’ve. Fifteen and selfish, he’d spent a lot of his time out with Bucky and Peggy, hanging out with them as opposed to looking after his mom like he should’ve been. She never held it against him- in fact, she’d always been glad when he went out- but that was beside the point. The final month that Steve would ever get to spend with her, and he hadn’t treasured every moment like it was sacred. He’d just wasted it.
For someone supposedly as suave as Tony was, he seemed surprisingly nervous.
“Oh,” Steve blushed a little before pushing Tony in the shoulder when he saw the man’s face. “Shut up, I told you, I’m no good at this!”
Steve spotted it immediately, but lost sight of Tony as the plumes of dust shot through the opening it had made. He heard himself call out in panic, but aside from that, it was as if everything else had gone silent.
Steve’s eyebrows raised, and warning bells started to go off in Tony’s head on autopilot, every sense suddenly dialled up to eleven as the supersoldier in front of him unfolded his arms and took a step forward. Before he could advance further though, Tony suddenly jerked and held out a hand. “If you hit me, I’m leaving, I swear to fucking God Steve.”
beautiful,” Steve whispered, as his mouth moved across each scar that lined the casing, and Tony let his eyes flutter shut, lost in the feeling of Steve, and Steve’s mouth, and all the emotion that Steve somehow managed to convey in a single sentence.
“yes, thank you mother, I’m aware I probably should have worn some more layers, but in my defence, I wasn’t expecting it to rain so hard.”
“Not sure. They’re the only ones we’ve heard about, but there’s still a good fifty more heavily-armed enemies running around here. Thor’s saying he can hardly keep track of all of them outside.”
“Hey, Tony, Thor- didn’t expect to see you two hanging around here.”
Steve narrowed his eyes incredulously and tried to keep up with the half of the conversation he’d walked into. “What are you… wait- why the fuck d’you think I’m dating Bucky?”
“Anyone know who they work for?” Tony asked.
The social service workers had the gall to look surprised, and for a moment Tony wondered whether he’d jumped to the wrong conclusion. That would be rather embarrassing. Luckily – or
He saw Captain Marvel rushing toward the van as fast as she could and prayed she’d make it, certain that nothing on heaven or earth could stop her travel. And he was right; no one could catch her. But Thanos was smart, and not ready to give up. With a howl of rage and fury, the Titan hurled his massive weapon across the sky, and Steve could only watch on helplessly from afar as the van exploded into a thousand fragments; the portal into the quantum realm completely annihilated.
"What- I thought they got on?" Sam piped up, frowning.
Thor just laughed. “Yes, Steve, we have the seal. And his dummy, and his special green plate, and everything else you’ve told us about. You know, considering you’re only going out for a few hours, I feel as if you’re overreacting just a touch here.”
Steve just laughed harder, unable to hold himself back at the way Tony was hissing in annoyance at some corner of the room like JARVIS was stood there himself. His head dropped into Tony’s shoulder comfortingly, and he felt Tony’s hand curl protectively against the back of his neck almost subconsciously as he continued to argue with his own AI.
His mind went back to the videos, wondering how many other enhancements Peter possessed that AIM didn’t know about. The adhesive capabilities were all they were aware of, but Lewinsky had seen signs of augmented strength too, and God only knew what else might start to crop up as Peter grew. It was probably for the best that the kid ended up with Xavier- he was good at handling shit like this. The Avengers were more punchy-kicky than… baby.
Peggy looked to him with another beam, before punching him playfully on the shoulder again. “Me and Bucky really have to get going, but I swear, I’m getting every little detail out of you tomorrow without fail, so prepare yourself, Rogers,” she told him.
“Of course, Sir.” JARVIS sounded mildly amused. “May I suggest now that you make your way up to the nearest source of food? You haven’t eaten since breakfast.”
“Mmf,” Steve muttered, rubbing his eyes, “how long were we asleep?”
Steve had always used to enjoy December.
“I’m just fine right here, Steve,” Tony said, his eyelashes fluttering against Steve’s cheek and his hand reaching out for the cup of what he must have assumed was coffee on the table in front of them. When he took a sip, however, he quickly choked and held back on a gag. Steve realised in amusement that he must have accidentally picked up Steve’s ‘hot chocolate’. “Son of a fucking bitch, what
at least a little bit more fucking tasteful, but honestly, he was too far deep in shock to do anything but stare blankly and watch as Steve became more and more embarrassed.
The boy looked nervous again. Steve noticed that his ears were going a little pink. Yet again, Steve marveled at the complete 180 Tony’s personality made when he wasn’t performing for everyone. This was barely even recognizable to the boy he saw wandering the corridors or smoking a cigarette whilst stood on top of the principal’s desk just to make a statement.
“No one is doing any more fighting here, thank you very much,” Tony said, raising a hand. When he did, all of his stupid fucking zips jingled. “Morris, Elland- get fucking lost. You’re both getting black eyes tomorrow, and if I see you putting hands on Rogers again then I’m burning your Air Jordans, understand?”
So he cleared his throat and winced. “Well- this is awkward.”
A minute later, his phone pinged again. This time, it was a photograph. He opened it, and saw Agent Rogers smiling bashfully beside Stark, whose arm was flung casually around Steve’s shoulders. He had clearly been the one to corral Rogers into taking the picture, what with the smug grin on Stark’s face contrasted by the faintly embarrassed expression on Rogers’. Fury didn’t fail to notice that there was a gold band around Stark’s ring finger again.
direct me to the fastest mode of transport I can take to get to Santa Barbara?” When the robot remained quiet, Steve growled irritably. “Come
But he couldn’t. He needed to fight it. He couldn’t fall asleep, couldn’t let himself… he didn’t want to see what they had to show him-
“And I’m sorry that I brought up what happened in Siberia,” Tony told him, and Steve made sure not to wince at the mention of the place alone, “it was totally unrelated and out of line. I was just running hot, and we were fighting, and-“
Because it’s raining and the film is shit and the day is shittier- but it’s okay.
“I didn’t think so,” her voice was soft, patronizing. She stood, circling Steve whilst her hand remained gently on his shoulder. Meanwhile, he watched apprehensively as the two other men set up a computing device, flicking switches and untangling wires. They stuck one to each of his temples. He tried to shake them off, but to no avail.
A whimper escaped. He shouldn’t have gone to fucking sleep. He needed Tony, but Tony wasn’t there.
“I’ve got a tecchie over in the computer room trying to find that out for you right about now,” was the response he got, “but he’s taking longer than one minute and I’m not used to that kind of dawdling. Tell me why we didn’t just bring Tony again?”
She looked down at Peter, shutting her eyes as one tear slipped down her cheek. “Keep him safe,” she finished, “AIM won’t stop or give up the search for him. He’s special—moreso than anyone knows. Just… keep him safe.”
Sparing one last look at the fancy patterns that had worked their way up to the surface of his skin, he padded out of the bathroom and then pulled on his pyjamas before falling into bed, one arm thrown out over Tony’s empty side as he drifted almost immediately into a light doze. By the time Tony eventually came up, Steve wasn’t entirely sure how long it had been, but he was sure he’d been asleep for a while.
He blinked a few times, a little dazed as they introduced themselves. He got a few names; a Ru’ and a Kathy and an Alex and then they just started blurring, so he tuned out and tried to set his head straight. He didn’t really feel hungry any more, and he knew Tony was trying to catch his eye in between the conversation, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to look.
He had to. For the safety of the world.
“But he’s— he’s our…” Steve trailed off, fingers clenching around the sheets as he tried to find the words. But Tony already knew what he was going to say—some variation of
Yeah. Natasha was kind of awesome.
Steve scowled. Natasha paused, and then patted his shoulder again. “Buddy, it’s not women you can’t talk to. It’s hot people.”
Steve spluttered. “Uh. Everything? I was- Christ, Tony, think about what I did. I thought… you should have just left me there.”
put him on the defensive, but who could blame him? It was a touchy subject, and one that people had poked at too many times.
God, he needed to get there before it was too late. Before HYDRA took any more of his loved ones.
Steve. There were no survivors. I looked for hours. But… they were all gone.”
Yeah- enhanced senses and all. Tony nodded in acknowledgement, and pushed any fear right down in the place where it usually went. Steve was going to be fine. They were going to get him out and work through whatever it was that had happened here. It would all be okay.
He let his hands move, light and curious over Tony’s stomach, and then grinned when it pulled a lovely little whimper from him. It really was something Steve thought he was never going to be able to get over- the way he could mess Tony up so easily, make him moan just by kissing him in the right way. Tony was very expressive, and Steve fucking loved it.
Steve frowned, wiping his hand across his face and probably smearing more blood everywhere. “Yeah, well I don’t need your help,” he said gruffly, “I totally had that.”
Steve slid his arm around Tony’s side, pulling him in close and resting his mouth against Tony’s head. He felt warm, and his thoughts were a calm sea. Steve sunk into it. “I added something on, this time ‘round,” he murmured, “I don’t know if I should’ve. But I did. I told him Bucky was alive, and then—
“Because I’m about to do something very stupid, and I need your help.”
Steve couldn’t help it; he whimpered with relief. It was pathetic, really- just a stupid nightmare, not even real. But it sure had felt as if it was at the time. He could still see the sight of it in the back of his head, and knew that particular image would not be leaving him for a while.
Tony shrugged, putting the last armful of stuff into the cupboard. “Just housekeeping,” he said, “I keep stepping on all of this crap.”
Tony would be looking at him, his elbow resting on the mattress and head resting in his hand whilst his spare one brushed lazily over Steve’s back, writing out the patterns or equations or whatever it was he was thinking out onto Steve’s skin. His hair would be messed up- Steve had had his hands in it all night, there was no way it would be even slightly neat after that- and there’d be little creases in the side of his cheek from where he’d slept against the pillow. Oh- and there’d be about a dozen hickeys covering various areas of his body. Steve remembered at least two landing on his neck, though. It sent a reminiscent shiver of lust running down into his toes, and he grinned into the pillow again, thanking those leftover endorphins for his good mood.
God, he loved that man. More than anything else in the world.
Steve chuckled, tilting his head and kissing lightly across the underside of Tony’s jaw. “You mean the world-famous Museum of Modern Art? That one?”
“Right, Steve nodded, wandering down the corridors and letting Sam guide them, hopefully toward the cafeteria, “so- who’s who ‘round here then?”
Slowly, he opened his eyes.
He checked his watch curiously. Right. Forty minutes late- that was probably what the death stare was for.
“Actually, I’ve never played. Although I could still probably beat Barton.”
He shook his head and took a breath. That wasn’t now. That was done. Bucky was back, and he was stronger than ever.
Pursing his lips, Bucky pushed his tray of food to the side and silently handed Tony a semi automatic. The other man took it with a grunt of thanks, checking the cartridge and then wincing. “Three bullets? Seriously?”
- fucking hell, he was stuck in a loop and not getting anywhere, so much for keeping Tony out of his head for more than five fucking minutes.
People congratulated him when they stepped off the jet in New York. They patted him on the back and told him he was a hero and a pride to their country. He didn’t respond to any of them, unsure what he would even say. He certainly didn’t feel like a hero. Heroes were good people with morals; people who were honest and kind, and who cared for others. Steve was none of that.
“Steve,” he murmured sleepily, rubbing his eyes and then stroking a hand gently over the arm that was stretched across his stomach and curled into his waist, “Steve, baby, I’ve gotta get up for work.”
A short confirmation from the AI, and then another video began to pop up. This time, the video was not focused on her, but was propped up and recording the room. In the center, there was a small medical cot, and within, Tony saw a squirming mess that must have been Peter. He was silent- sleeping, maybe.
“I love you too.”
He managed to finally get the hospital to cave and let him out after eight days of being signed in. The team argued and tried to make him stay longer, but Tony wasn’t having any of it. He was sick of just lying there, thinking of everything he hadn’t done. Thinking of the fact that the whole team, himself included, was aware that if he’d just spoken up sooner and not been such a pathetic idiot, this could all have been avoided. In hindsight, he realised he should have flagged it the moment that Steve started to get rough. He could have told Bruce when the man had seen his cheek, and they could have sorted it out. Come to a conclusion. But… but he’d been too scared of what they’d say, too afraid they wouldn’t believe him. He’d let both himself and Steve suffer because of his own cowardice, and
Bucky just nodded soberly. “He can stay over here tonight if the Wilsons can’t host him. My parents won’t mind.”
, in the early weeks of a freezing spring. Tony could still hardly get over it- how could anyone fucking do that to a baby? It was goddamn lucky that he had JARVIS to inform him as soon as the little basket had been dropped off, or he didn't even want to think about what could have happened.
Tony sighed loudly. “I will admit, I am not the best at planning ahead. I… may have dived in and tried to disengage the magnetic thrust
But that was okay. Normal. It always hurt, nowadays. He didn’t even register it any more.
Fury watched her go, before he turned back to Steve. For a moment, it looked like there was something in the man’s eye—compassion, maybe. He folded his hands on the table and looked at the two of them. “If you don’t tell me what happened, then I can’t punish Stone for whatever it was,” he said, voice going a fraction less severe. “Rogers, I know you. I know you come in here regularly, but not for the reasons that most boys your age do. You come in because you’re fighting for other people and not yourself. That’s the only damn reason I’ve not already suspended you. But this? I can’t accept.” He paused, waiting for some sort of response from Steve or Bruce. When neither of them gave one, he just sighed. “If I can’t get some evidence for what happened to Tony that caused you to react in that way, then I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.”
Steve’s eyes were drawn to the large windows as they suddenly turned black and hid the landscape from view. Steve thought he heard the front door clicking, some sort of lock activating. “No one’s gonna get in here now,” Tony told him shortly, turning to Steve and then folding his arms, his brow furrowed deeply. “First thing—do you need any immediate medical intervention? Any serious injuries?”
Steve’s breath caught in his throat, everything that he’d been practising suddenly leaving his head in one fell swoop. Tony was in his engineering gear; a tank top and sweats, hair mussed, and there were a pair of welding goggles around his neck, like Steve had caught him mid-project. He looked just as beautiful as the day Steve had left him.
Steve nodded once, looking out of the window and digging his nails into the back of his other hand.
“Damn right it will,” Tony muttered, still smiling, “‘m gonna take a selfie and send it to CERN- I hate those stuck up assholes.”
Susan took another three seconds before she gestured to the elevator. “I can guess what this is about,” she said softly, “and you’re welcome to talk to him so he can explain why you won’t be able to do it. I can’t tell you how sorry I am, Steve. But we can’t help you.”
He walked over a frozen puddle on his way across the road and cursed in dismay. As he turned his head to stare mutinously down at the offending section of water, however, someone caught his eye. It was a familiar figure; tall and large, with flowy golden hair that was now rather bedraggled from the rain. He was stood by his car with his hood up, smoking what looked like a joint as his hands fumbled around in the inside compartment of his car door.
Like a flash, Steve had crossed the room and boxed Tony in on the counter, hands pressing flat on either side of Tony’s thighs. He didn’t use many of his enhancements much, especially not in public. He loosened up around other Unhumans, but as it went, Tony often forgot that he was even a vampire at all. On rare occasions, though- like when he moved across the expansive kitchen and ended up not even half an inch away from Tony’s nose in the space of a second- it became impossible to ignore the fact that his boyfriend was, in fact, a superhuman.
“Good morning, Sir,” the AI said, his voice relieved, “I am glad that your injuries have been seen to and you’ve had some rest. Has your condition improved since my last scan?”
between them that neither of them dared speak into existence.
He wiped at his face, realising that his eyes were watering. Stupid. Stupid, he’d messed it all up. Now Steve was going to think he was just like everyone else and break up with him, and then all their other friends would take Steve’s side, obviously, and Tony would be alone again. What did he expect though, to be honest—it was inevitable he’d screw it all up eventually. He’d just thought that he might have been able to get some more time in before that.
He paused, looking over to the man as he sat on the chair and pointedly kept his eyes on the others. They all glanced somewhat smugly to eachother, but began to rise all the same. “Yeah, yeah, we’ll give you some space,” Bucky said with an exaggerated wink. “We just wanted to be there when you woke up, so we could set that dumb head’a yours straight. Now we done that, we’re probably gonna go back home for the night. That okay?” He asked, and when Tony nodded, Bucky clapped him delicately on his good shoulder and smiled, leaning down a little. “Tell him to stop rambling if he starts going off on a tangent, and don’t let him change the subject,” he whispered into Tony’s ear, which Steve obviously heard but chose to ignore. Tony just looked at him curiously, head cocked as Bucky saluted and strolled out of the door. The rest of the team followed with goodbye pats and kisses to the forehead, until it was just Steve and Tony, alone in the room.
“—I think the only stupid one in the room is the guy who took his eyes off 50% of the threat in the room, personally- but that might just be me.”
Tony laughed and Steve swore, shoving Bucky in the chest, but it didn’t do much except make his ribs flare in pain. “Oh, so you think I planned on Steve getting mugged tonight, do you?”
. I’m fucking sick of all of it,
Tony raised his eyebrows. “I am very persuasive. I hedged my bets.”
what he meant to Steve.
Tony quickly smoothed his face over and smiled, that horrible brittle one that made Steve want to argue relentlessly with him, just to bring out some semblance of an emotion on his face instead of that
All he had to do was break through. Then it’d all be fine.
she’d said in her dumb soft voice, looking at him gently as she’d written something else down on her notepad.
He shut the voice off and wrenched something into place viciously. It was different.
“You can’t handle fireworks?” Tony asked again, and shit, it didn’t seem like he had missed that like Steve had hoped.
“Just think about it, alright?” Peter asked, biting his lip a little and looking behind him, “he needs someone like you, I think. And he’s fucked up and can be real stupid, but... but as long as I’ve known him, I've never seen him smile like that before. I think it’s time he got a good thing in his life.”
Why are you so Goddamn intent on trying to… to keep me safe, to look out for me? Why did you decide to talk to me? Why do you
“You know what I mean.” Tony rolled his eyes and ducked his forehead into Steve’s neck, kissing him softly as he wrapped his arms around those wonderfully muscular shoulders underneath him. “It’s a great excuse to cuddle and make-out with each other. Gets the adrenaline pumping and all that.” He pulled back a fraction and looked at Steve hopefully. “I usually watch them with DUM-E, but he can’t fight off monsters or ghosts as well as you could, so I don’t feel quite so soothed.”
Steve blinked, thinking over the question as Thor just looked at him with a set of raised eyebrows. His hoodie was getting soaked through- he had to be freezing just stood there like that. “Well,” Steve began, “it’s not exactly going to be- uh- much fun.”
“I’m fine,” he said with a nod, and then Steve smiled as he leaned in and kissed him, not taking long before it grew hot and hungry, deepening for more. Tony knew where the direction of those sorts of kisses led immediately- but Steve had been feeling pretty... enthusiastic about sex over the past week or two, and what with the way the night had gone, Tony was just too tired. He kissed back as good as he got for a little, but when Steve reached down and pressed his hand against Tony’s crotch, Tony shook his head.
He didn’t know what life was any more.
Steve swallowed and looked down. “Sorry,” he murmured, “you were—you were in the workshop, I didn’t want to intrude—”
Steve figured they were gonna be okay.
“Not too great,” Steve admitted with a strained smile, pressing his thumbs gently into the insides of Tony’s wrists, feeling the pulse once more. He felt nervous- he didn’t want to touch him in case something happened. Steve could still picture Tony, choking under all the insurmountable power that he held under his palms. “HYDRA did a number on me.”
That seemed answer enough to Thor, because he nodded once, and then smiled at Steve, punching his arm gently. “God, look at the pair of us,” he said with a small huff, “soaking wet and miserable, talking about depressing family matters in a graveyard. This would be a hell of a lot easier if I was high right now.”
Steve should have started running, then. If he’d been on form- if he’d been
She pursed her lips, nodding at Bruce as the man got to his knees next to her leg and then began to check her ankle. “I think that AIM have been experimenting with superhumanism,” she said, “SHIELD suspected that for a while, but we never got any concrete evidence, and I didn’t connect the dots. Not until now.” She nodded her head over to the lifeless LMD on the floor next to her. “I think that Peter was created by AIM. I think that, for whatever reason, the woman who brought him here knew what was going on, and wanted to help him. And I think that AIM hunted her down and forced the location of his whereabouts out of her before they killed her. Now… now they’re determined to get their one successful test subject back.”
She clicked her fingers and brought the two other men forward smoothly, one of them opening the case and setting it out on a stool. Turning, she plucked a needle from the inside of her jacket, glancing between Steve and the device with that same smug little smile. “Captain Rogers, have you ever been shown your worst fears?”
In the morning. They’d work everything out in the morning.
. He was tiny and small and vulnerable and they’d done all those horrible, awful things to him while he’d screamed and cried and—
He couldn’t. He couldn’t. He couldn’t.
Steve had no idea why Tony would even want that. How he could stand to have Steve near him after everything was a complete mystery- Steve neither belonged nor deserved to be close to him right now. But Tony didn’t seem to think that. Tony, for whatever goddamn reason, was still trying to forgive him.
A few seconds later, his breathing evened out and Tony was asleep. Steve kept his eyes open for a few moments longer, just watching him breathe, and then he too let himself slip off into a peaceful doze.
For the life of him, Steve just could not work that boy out.
Steve,
Sam laughed. “Bet Hammer wasn’t happy being left in the dust for Tony. Again. What’s that- third time he’s stolen one of his girlfriends now?”
He’d been about to sigh in relief, but at the additional words, Steve held off on that action in order to stare at the other man, his brows drawing together. “I’m not that much of an asshole,” he responded shortly, “just because he’s my ex-fiancé doesn’t mean I wish ill of him. He’s a good—”
Steve frowned and placed his hand protectively against the bot’s claw where he imagined the little guy’s ears might have been. “I think he can do whatever he puts his mind to, right bud?” He asked cheerily, and then laughed as the robot gave a few beeps of happiness. It seemed he was so happy, in fact, that he forgot what his original task was, and instead of picking up the knife he merely placed his entire claw into the centre of the sandwich, essentially mushing it into a heap. Steve looked down at it whilst Tony just cackled. “Okay. Well maybe we can just play some fetch for now, huh?”
Bucky was also sporting a pretty spectacular bloody nose.
Tony sighed as he was rounded on and pulled away from Steve, who was just sitting there with a fond smile and a twinkle in his eye. The team had a very thorough hold on him, so there wasn’t much point in trying to fight them off. He just let them haul him up and carry him down the stairs, while Steve laughed and trailed along behind him.
“Are you sure that you know what you’re doing?” She asked softly, her voice strangely poignant in the silence of the early morning.
Steve just shuffled a little closer, and Tony, surprisingly, let him.
Steve watched him anxiously for half a second before twirling around and hitting an attacker in the face when they got too close. “Bucky, watch the ship,” Steve gritted, sprinting a few paces away in order to try and open the hatch on the other side of the deck, where their backup was undoubtedly waiting behind.
Ah, well. At least he was having fun.
who got this, who was lucky enough to see Tony Stark for who he really was: not the carefree asshole with too much money and a half-formed deathwish- but a clumsy, brilliant inventor with a heart of gold and a smile that made Steve want to do outrageous things in order to keep it there.
“It’s not that,” Steve shook his head, laughing, “you just… your neck goes red when you blush. It’s-“
“Since like, five months ago?”
Eventually both of them were discharged, Steve’s serum having healed him to the point where he could walk with ease on his own. There was still an ache in him, deep down, something he wasn’t quite sure how to explain, but that was okay. Maybe he was just getting old—something he was surprisingly okay with, to be honest. And of course, the second that Tony had gotten into his workshop back home, he’d been instantly designing a high-tech prosthesis for himself, chattering away to Maria as she watched in fascination. Steve didn’t doubt that she was going to grow up a genius. The rate that she took in information was incredible, and under Tony’s gentle encouragements, she thrived and was desperate to learn more about everything she could get her curious little hands on. Steve was happy to just sit back, make them dinner and watch events unfold in front of him.
you’re scared. You’re talking about running from home and leaving your whole life, everything you know, all semblance of stability behind in the dirt. If you weren’t scared, I’d be fucking terrified of you.”
Well.  Steve was coming to the terrifying conclusion that he may still love him despite all of that
“I know it’s just you,” Tony snapped, “you just told me you were going to touch me, Einstein- you losing your memory in your old age or something? Jesus.”
She waited until they had parked up before she turned her head to him. Steve looked back.
He didn’t turn around, but he knew when they hit the street behind him. They were walking far away, trying to be inconspicuous, but he knew. He had a minute, maybe, until they just got bored and jumped him.
Steve looked at him helplessly, then glanced at the baby. His mouth opened and shut a few times, and Tony was about to admit defeat and wake Bruce when, without much warning, Steve started to sing.
“Hey, uh,” he cut in on Tony’s sentence, shaking his head jerkily and then glancing at him for a moment before looking down at his feet again, “it’s fine. I have to head home anyway, I feel kinda… yeah. Anyway. You go, uh, catch up with your friends. It’s fine.”
Steve watched him go, something heavy settling in his gut in a way that it hadn’t in so long now. It was his fight response waking up, his battle mode coming back to him. He wished it wouldn’t. Wished that he could just stay here and pretend he’d never heard Natasha’s words. But that wasn’t a decision he’d be able to make in good conscience—not when he knew that there could be a solution out there. Even if it was just the tiniest of chances…
“Wow,” Tony chokes, gripping Steve’s hand a little tighter as he looks at the truly beautiful piece of art in front of him.
He was high as a kite.
“Right, sure, and all those people who ended up surviving because of my disobedience don’t count for shit,” Tony told him, “of course, all you give a shit about is me not doing what you asked. Fucking typical.”
"Neither do we, Barton," Tony waved a hand and then sighed, glancing at the little baby in Clint's arms. His hands were extended, reaching out for Tony in distress. But Tony really did have work, and anyway... it was just some kid. Hardly anything to do with Tony at all, really. "But I bought a load of stuff, and JARVIS has had it delivered into the hallway. There's diapers and a cot and a seat and all that shit, so you have all the equipment. I suggest making him some breakfast and giving him some formula so he doesn't starve in our care. Also," he turned and shot Clint his best smile, "he'll probably need his diaper changing at some point during the day. You have fun with that."
And honestly, no, Steve didn’t- he had the feeling those huge blue eyes could tear Steve’s entire heart out if used for evil purposes. So in the end, he just huffed loudly and marched past Tony, chin high and resolutely facing the stairs, rather than Tony’s giggling face. “Let’s go then, ass.”
look fucking good in Tony’s clothes, after all.
“Please,” he whispered, maybe to God, maybe just to himself, “Please, come on, be alive. Be alive.”
“Take care,” Steve called out as he made his way to the door, and Tony gave a thumbs-up behind him before slipping over the threshold and feeling the weight of the world begin to settle back down on his shoulders. Familiar, but still almost unbearably heavy. Tony shut the door to their room and then let the smile fall straight off his face, replaced with a sigh. His head fucking hurt. He didn’t want to leave Steve. Something could happen while he was gone, and then Tony wouldn’t even be there to help him. There could be an attack, there could be a malfunction; a myriad of different events could conspire, and Tony would only know about it when he got a call, which could be hours later.
Bucky and Peggy looked over Steve’s head at one another. He pushed them both backward onto the bed with a huff.
They went to bed that night, and Tony pondered bringing it up to him. They’d never talked about marriage before, per se, but it had always just been somewhat unspoken. They talked as if they would stay with one another forever. Steve called Tony his ‘sure thing’ in that unbearable Brooklyn accent that he teased Tony with when he wanted to be overly sappy and dumb. It wasn’t a big stretch to make, right?
Tony nodded. “I know,” he said, “I’m sorry. I- I just feel like I never get it right with you. Like I’m always fucking up. You don’t… you never say anything, you never complain, but Jesus
It was… a massive fucking blow, to say the least. They’d tried so hard to stop him, and in the end, he’d run off with the two most powerful objects in the universe anyway.
He looked at Tony, his face almost split in half from the intensity of his smile. Tony was holding Steve’s jaw in his hands, and his grin was big enough to match Steve’s own. “So,” the man’s beard brushed Steve’s cheeks as he spoke, “what’s our first act as a newly-engaged couple gonna be?”
of him.
Tony looked down at him and winked, popping his collar before sauntering out. “Such the gentlemen, Steven, how absolutely delightful.”
“D’you like being the center of attention? Do you think being with Tony’s gonna make you famous?” Pepper added, taking out her phone and beginning to tap something.
“Mr. Rogers, we’ve arrived at the scene,” JARVIS’ voice alerted him, and Steve looked up, craning his head to see the ground below from the window in the cockpit of Tony’s strange futuristic jet. He spotted Tony almost immediately; a red and gold haze whizzing through the air, trying to land a hit on a silver, humanoid robot about five times’ Iron Man’s size. The thing seemed to be protected by some sort of energy barrier, however, and Tony wasn’t getting through to it. Steve grabbed the controls and then did a quick circle of the scene, checking for remaining civilians. It seemed fairly empty, but a fair few of the buildings in the area had already been levelled. Who knew how many had gotten lost under the rubble?
Steve shook his head. “If it were high priority enough, he would’ve called all of us in. I’m sure it’ll be fine. Anyway, you have to attend the peace summit today, remember? That’s pretty important, sweetheart.”
Almost.
was the one being irrational.
He expected to have to argue or possibly bribe the insatiable girl, but instead she just nodded sagely, squeezing his arm. “My lips are sealed. I want you two to get together too bad to try and ruin anything.”
_____
God, he was worried sick.
Like now, for instance, by completely ignoring Steve’s existence.
“I’m not going to the hospital,” Steve said, shaking his head and pressing gently on his very sore nose, “it’s f-”
Tony spasmed wildly, dislodging Steve from his chest as he yelped, and then clapped a hand over his mouth immediately after. Four different voices cursed his name, whilst several pillows were thrown angrily in his direction, and Tony shot Steve a mutinous look, before snapping his hands around Steve’s hips and yanking him forward. Knowing he was beat this time, Steve simply let him.
They tried so hard. They all did.
God, Steve wished he was able to have that. He’d never wanted to just touch someone as much as he wanted to touch Tony. Wanted to know how every part of him felt under his hands; wanted to learn each dip and curve of muscle. He wanted to run his hands through Tony’s hair and know what he tasted like under his tongue.
Steve knew Tony had his eyes closed against his shoulder, but he followed the orders anyway. His head tilted a little, and his eyes settled on Tony’s profile, bruised and bloodied and peaceful.
With him.
Fuck, yes he did.
“He won’t hurt you, really, he’s not even capable, he’s trapped in this house for now and I would never even let him in the first place, please don’t freak out- Jesus Christ JARVIS we
Steve frowned. Then the understanding dawned, and he sat up a little straighter. "Tony?"
Steve smiled, smug and dirty as he kissed Tony’s neck, whispering “damn fuckin’ straight.”
Clint made a face, and Tony shot him the bird absently before flopping down into Steve’s lap and curling in. “Mmmmf,” he groaned into the shoulder he’d pressed his face into, glad of finally having somewhere decent to sit. The floor only served as a viable seat for so long.
Tony huffed and sat up, his butt perched on Steve’s thighs as he turned his head and looked at the other boy. “Nothing
“Jesus,” Steve muttered, unable to stop himself, “is nothing private with you guys? With
Steve frowned. He didn’t… well, maybe
Instead, he rubbed at his face harshly with the sleeve of his sweater and pulled himself together. Then he laid his palm over Tony’s heart, hearing the frantic thump under his fingers. “I think you need to get some rest,” he said throatily, hating himself for not being able to do anything else to try and comfort him or make it better. This was all his fucking fault, and his best fucking solution was for Tony to take a nap. “You’ve been through a hell of a lot tonight. I’m gonna—I’ll wake you up every few hours, ‘cause I need to make sure your concussion doesn’t get worse. But I think you should just sleep, for now.”
“First thing’s first, we need to get JARVIS out of the house,” Rhodey said firmly, a minute or so after Tony’s crying had died out a little, “we can’t leave him there. You’re not going back, but I can—”
Steve knew by that point that Tony smoked for a myriad of reasons. To focus. To forget. To calm his nerves. He figured the reason for this one was the latter; because when he took the cigarette to his lips, Steve noted the tiny stutter of his hands.
Next to him, he could’ve sworn he could sense Tony’s mouth open, the beginning of a rebuttal on his lips before he remembered who he was with and let it slide. Steve turned his head and shot him a look, and Tony retaliated by sticking out his tongue, because he was mature like that.
Later that night, after having managed to finally tire each other out, Tony lay with his cheek rested on Steve’s chest, fingers trailing lightly over the taut skin of his lover’s bicep. Steve was still conscious in some sense, but his eyes were shut and he was motionless, limbs loose and body pliant.
Steve is stood there, a little awkwardly, arm simply outstretched and holding Tony’s entire body weight like it’s
“They’ve hit a non-combatant SHIELD facility, so it’s not weapons. Next guess is information. Or tech.”
And the next time movie night came around and Tony got told to choose, he held his tongue from saying his favourite- it was one that starred The Actor Who Shall Not Be Named, and he knew Steve wouldn’t like it. He just said something else instead. Because relationships were about compromise, and Tony was trying to be good for Steve. Whatever strange bump this was, they could work through it. Because Tony loved Steve more than anyone or anything, and nothing could change that.
“You have no idea,” Tony mumbled, and he remembered as he rested against Steve’s chest that the last time he’d had a proper sleep was about four days ago.
had done this, Tony had created all this with his own mind, holy
“I’m sorry, Rogers, but I think you’re confused,” he said softly, slamming his locker door shut, “I don’t know where you’ve come from, but here? You don’t get to tell people like me what to do.”
Steve shut his eyes. He hated this. He hated knowing what Tony went home to, every day. The so-called-world that Tony lived in outside of Steve didn’t sound like it was too great a place to be, honestly. Maybe on the surface, the Gucci slippers and gold-flecked vodka was pretty good, but when you delved a little further down, you started to notice the rot in the corners of it all.
It was over in a second, and by the time Steve came back to consciousness again, the damage was done.
Bucky was silent. When Steve glanced over, he saw the pale, guilty face looking back at him. Bucky obviously felt like shit about this whole thing.
Last year, he’d been stupid. Left it too late, and then faced the consequences throughout the whole damn week.
baby, don’t cry, please, it’s okay, I… I know. I know you want to sleep, I’m sorry I didn’t notice sooner, I was a jerk. But why the hell haven’t you told anyone? Do you black out? Is it making you sick? Are you hallucinating yet?”
But he couldn’t. He couldn’t. Bucky’s life was on the line. He had to… he had to hold out.
Steve laughed. He was beautiful when he laughed. “Okay,” he agreed quietly, taking the other end of the cracker. Looking at Tony with amusement, he tugged on one end while Tony did the other, and a second later there was a crack as it burst. Around the table, the noise was repeated by everyone else.
Well. That certainly didn’t bode well. If Clint or Tony or Steve or Natasha or Bruce or Thor didn’t call them, then it begged one rather obvious question: Who the fuck did?
Oh. That was… “Huh,” he said, voice blank, “so I can’t go back to my apartment?”
Still, though. Tony had been pretty much silent ever since, his gaze unfocused, mind somewhere else. Steve was worried.
“Good.” He pulled a pan out of the drawer and placed it on the stove with a clatter. He didn’t even feel remotely sorry for her. If all went to plan, her and Hammer would hopefully be getting jail-time for it. It wasn’t going to take any of it back, but hell, it would be satisfying to see them face the consequences. “Any other news?”
They were both silent again, and Steve felt Tony’s fingers squeeze softly around his own- reminding him that he hadn’t actually let go since grabbing him a minute ago. When he looked back up, Tony was smiling at him. A sad smile, yeah- but it was better than nothing. It was more than what anyone else could have given, simply because Tony… Tony got it.
He sighed and then sat up straighter in his chair, pulling the stupid contraption back into his tinkering range. Bruce had tracked him down earlier that night to say that he’d noticed the alien orb they’d obtained from the previous fight was still transmitting a signal to something, which meant they had a rogue alien still running loose in New York somewhere, and now Tony was trying to develop a locator that would be able to follow the frequency to wherever their unwelcome visitor was still hiding. It was pretty dull work, really,  but it was currently the only thing keeping his mind occupied, so he wanted to devote his entire attention to it if he could. He wasn’t tired anyway.
And Steve… look, he didn’t
After a second, unfortunately Tony seemed to snap out of it, shaking his head and looking down. “Uh-“ he muttered, reaching for an antiseptic wipe, “just gonna- and then- yeah-“
Interesting- to see the same feeling reflected back in another person’s eyes. To know that…that he wasn’t alone.
“It was always going to happen eventually,” Thor answered carefully, when he became aware Steve wasn’t going to. “It doesn’t matter what caused it. Point is, there’s no going back from it.”
“I can’t do this,” Steve pursed his lips and stumbled to his feet with a shake of his head, “I’m sorry, I can’t – it’s all my fault—”
Steve opened his mouth to speak, but then he felt Tony’s fingers come to rest delicately on one of the bruises running along his chest and suddenly the words had died completely, leaving only breathlessness in its wake. He held back a gasp, staying very still as Tony traced around the mark with barely-there fingers; his gaze so focused, so very
They’d just been getting ready for the day in their bathroom, Tony trimming his beard while Steve brushed his teeth. They hadn’t been speaking, but the silence was companionable. Easy. Tony was pressed up against the sink, looking at Steve in the reflection of the mirror with an analytical gaze and a small frown. Steve was looking worse. His cheeks were more gaunt, his skin washed out. He even seemed thinner, which was a little freaky. And Tony knew that whatever it was going on was a sensitive subject, but it had gotten to a point where he didn’t want to take no for an answer. It was clear that Steve wasn’t well, and Tony just wanted to help him. Even if Steve apparently didn’t want that, and was determined to try and deal with it alone.
Three: Steve’s hands could fucking
“I just meant… it’s boring. Wasn’t saying you wouldn’t, you know, ‘get it.’”
Steve felt himself blush. “My bad,” he whispered, and Tony laughed again, his hands reached around Steve’s neck and pulling his head upward before kissing him, quick and messy from both of their grins.
kind of angry- and his good mood sort of disappeared a little.
Tony nodded, glancing back down to the tablet full of information in front of him. Scans of his own brain stared back up at him, bright and disconcerting. He fisted his hands against the sheets and clenched his jaw.
“There’s been another attack,” he said, the words crackled from the bad signal down in the underground, “on the other side of the city. Wrecking Crew. They’re in Times Square, and they’re not holding back.”
“Tony,”
Loki’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t think that’s anything to do with you.”
Tony stared at him, not knowing what to say for a moment. He looked down, clearing his throat. “I’d like to get into something comfier,” he declared casually, glancing up to see how Steve reacted.
“it’s a fucking plate, Tony! Just put the fucking plates away when you’ve finished with them!”
Placing one last feather-light kiss against Tony’s lips, he swivelled around slowly and then sunk into the space between Tony’s legs; feeling two arms wrap firmly around his hips and tug him in closer as he turned to face the beautiful view ahead of him. It was one of the most amazing sunsets he’d ever seen, left untainted by buildings and the sound of yells or cars. Tony had taken them to a place above all of that.
Natasha sighed. “Useful as having Tony Stark as your backer may be, Steve, I really wouldn’t recommend getting too cl-”
Hiking his bag up irritably, he pushed against the current of students and went back in. The swarm of kids filtered out once he got away from the main exit, leaving him to march down the empty science corridors in relative peace once he reached them. Room six caught his eye, and then room seven-
Clint tries to jump off the roof.
"Shut up, that's the name he was given by his original owners," Steve snapped before he could finish, "we didn't see it until the blankets came off."
“He’s a freak, just roll with it,” Steve informed them all with a nod of his head, “the more depraved you are as a human being, the hotter he finds it.”
“Hi,” Jane said eventually, “thanks for inviting me to your party, by the way.”
“Never even heard of it.”
“Don’t be mean to the computer-man,” Steve said absently, “I’m sure he’s doing his best.” His best was just a little slower than Tony’s average, that was all. They were too used to being spoiled with talent. “Tony’s out at Stark Industries this weekend for business, did he not tell you?”
“S’true,” his friend said from across the room, not taking his eyes off the TV, “I figure he was just born with double the amount’a blood, and he has to find ways to get rid of some of it or he’ll die.”
Wordlessly, Steve clutched the sleeves of Tony’s jacket and got to his feet, Tony pretty much doing all the work for him. Yet again, he felt a horrific sense of embarrassment and shame at having to get Tony to come clean up his messes. He felt as if he was never going to stop owing the other boy for something or another. “I’m so sorry about this,” he muttered, limping over to Tony’s car, “I really- I know what you must think of me-“
Thor placed it delicately on the table next to him, and Steve could feel him hovering in worry just behind him. He wanted to assure him that it was okay, that this was tragically regular occurrence and he was not in fact dying- but the words just wouldn’t come and his throat felt too tight. It was bad enough that he’d had to be escorted from the party by Thor- but now he wasn’t even polite enough to say anything to the guy.
In the interrogation room Steve was staring into, Rumlow shifted, drawing Steve’s attention to him. The intimidating man was circling the room slowly, a smug smile on his face. Tony wasn’t watching him though. He was just staring impassively into the mirror, expression slack. However, Steve noted the minute tense of his shoulders as Rumlow passed directly behind him. He was nervous.
He sighed, rolling over and staring at the same spot he’d been looking at for the past hour. His hand was still holding onto his phone, and Tony’s jacket glared at him from where it had been carefully draped against the chair in the corner of his room.
“I should have let you try and help me when you offered, I was the one who let our relationship fall to pieces—”
Bucky turned, grinning at Steve’s smug face and jogging over to him. “Tony says he’s got it sorted. Should be out in a few seconds.”
The jet was on its side, but Steve still hung onto the chair thanks to the seatbelts. He couldn’t hear or see anything going on outside, and he wasn’t sure whether that was a good thing or not. After a cursory check to see whether he had any broken bones, Steve set about getting himself out, yanking off the belt and then making his way over to the emergency exit at the side of the jet.
In response, all he got was a shrug. “That’s why I want to be there for you, dummy. And I’d like… a friend would be cool for me too right now, you know.” Thor pulled a face, as if the admittance in itself was stupid. Steve realized how very rare it was to hear Thor actually ask for anything at all- usually it was Thor doing the giving, pulling favours and support out of his seemingly endless supply. In fact, Steve didn’t think he’d ever even seen Thor have an off-day before. Which was stupid, really, because Thor had just as many problems as the rest of them.
Steve shrugged, unable to keep the smile down. Tony returned it.
was a government official, for crying out loud. His whole
“Steve,” Clint managed to finally catch him half way through the week, and Steve loved him, but not right then. Not right then. “Please, buddy, just tell us what’s wrong.
Steve ducked into an alleyway to avoid the army guys and SHIELD vans currently swarming into the area now that the robot was down. “Where are you?” He whispered worriedly, “are you okay? I didn’t see you take the thing down.”
He froze up completely, feeling the way his skin had torn at the beginning of his jaw-bone. That was going to bleed.
Tony breathed out, the sound of his smile. “I love you ‘like, a lot,’ too,” he said, his voice both gentle and amused.
Steve’s first instinct was, of course, to start a fight.
God, he was broken. He’d thought it had been getting better but
The HYDRA team had come from nowhere, camouflaged in their white suits and equipped with weaponry that greatly outshone anything the Avengers had been carrying (which, for the record, was fucking nothing). Tony’s only explanation for the surprise visit was that they’d somehow found out about the trip and decided it was the perfect opportunity to take them out when they were least expecting it. It had very nearly worked, too. Bruce had dosed himself with a suppressant a few days earlier which kept the Hulk locked away during the Christmas period, so he’d not been able to offer much help, and although Steve had brought his shield along, he’d left it back at their hotel down at the bottom of the valley. When the enemy had started shooting at them, it had only been their quick reflexes and experience that’d saved their lives.
And so what, really, if the Avengers only needed him for his armour? It still meant they
“Tony, leave it,” he said urgently, pulling him back- but Ty wasn’t done, and he followed them like a hunter with eyes on its target.
“But—”
There was silence for a few moments, before he watched Rhodey turn and raise an eyebrow at Pepper. He actually looked pleased, rather than offended. “I told you he was good,” the boy said to her quietly. She rolled her eyes, but as she turned back to Steve, there was a sheepish smile on her face.
Tony rubbed insistently at the stain, keeping his eyes fixed on it rather than Steve, who just remained silent by his side. Eventually, Steve just huffed and shuffled around a bit, until pulling out a handkerchief from his back pocket and then taking Tony’s hand. His touch was soft, and Tony finally stopped twitching, so he took that as a success. “Let me- you don’t exactly seem to be getting anywhere with it.”
Steve considered it, glancing once more over to the cows. “Yeah, actually-- you know what, I think I can manage,” he agreed hastily in the end, winding his hands around Tony’s neck so he could pull him back down with a laugh and a happy sigh.
“Oh, darling, you wound us,” Peggy dived for him, tugging him back down on the bed, where he was sat on by a pouting Bucky. “Yeah, Steve, look at how wounded we are.”
He’d been lying to himself. It was clear as day in the way Steve was talking excitedly to Bruce about how Peter was going to be walking in no time at all now. Clear in the way that Tony’s first instinct upon seeing that damn child was to pick him up, hold him close, love him. Whether he wanted to or not, Tony knew that he would kill and die for the kid in front of him. He’d do anything, and that hadn’t even been a conscious choice he’d made. Christ, Tony didn’t even want to
He thought back to her words from the fight. About how Tony had never stopped loving him. And it was… God, it felt so dumb, but in a strange way, Steve wasn’t even surprised by it. Because he and Tony had just always felt so… integral. To everything. They’d always been the gears that worked together, always been what drove the team, they’d always made each other
Steve narrowed his eyes and leaned forward. “Bucky Barnes, you better have a license to drive this bitch-“
"Who the fuck in their right mind gets on with Zeke?" Clint looked at Sam, entirely unimpressed, "no, you fool- he and Tony hate eachother. Have done for years- are you blind?"
, Tony,” he pointed a finger upward, in the direction of their room, and Tony pulled a face, unable to help himself.
“Great! Sorry, I just wanted to check, I’ll see you later, yeah?” Steve said, before turning on his heel with another casual wave, a smug grin on his face when he turned away from them both and heard Tony’s quiet incoherent noises hit his back as he wandered off.
Instead, he took the elevator up to the roof. Stepped out into the frigid air, and walked over to the railings, where he could look out into the New York skyline. His eyes picked out the hospital where he knew Tony was. He stared at it for a long time, and then glanced down.
Steve pulled a face, but he nodded. "Do all your science friends keep their mouths shut too?"
He almost didn’t. He was almost too afraid.
He looked down at the slack arm resting around his waist, shutting his eyes for a brief second. He could feel it before he even knew it- today was going to be shitty. But here, now… God, it was just
stints he’d done in terrorist camps, that was small potatoes. Tony was fine. They hadn’t even tortured him that much, all things considered. Just some electroshock therapy and… And whatever it was that they’d done to his brain.
