(that was until WALL-E accidentally activated an Iron Man suit automatic mode, freaked out and had EVE fighting the suit, which against all odds actually lost to her.)
“Your mom and dad are gone. Do you want to come home with me?”
And so, Ironteddy began creating again. Obie moved him and the bots to a workshop he had set up in the basement of his mansion and filled it with tools and materials of all kinds. Ironteddy no longer had to freeze and hide away, he was now free to move and hammer and weld and invent to his heart’s desire. He drew hundreds of designs and made them into perfect gadgets that Obie happily carted away and had them mass-produced. Ironteddy even got the chance to finally create JARVIS and install him all over the room. Ironteddy had never felt more free, yet somehow never more alone, for Obie was at work a lot and hardly ever visited him unless to get more creations and sprinkle him with enough love to keep him warm. Edward was never allowed in the basement and the bots gradually were insufficient to keep him healthy, for designing and using tools took a toll on a teddy bear. JARVIS, while a brilliant concept and was more alive than he ever thought possible, was still a computer program and did not know how to love. He now had all the toys and tools he could wish for, yet it was not enough still. He wanted another friend. Yet, robots did not seem to suffice.
“Peggy, what happened? Why is he back??”
When Steve was about three steps away from the bots, he crouched down onto their level, as if trying not to spook a pair of frightened alley cats. There was a flash of uncertainty on his face, but Steve is nothing but a determined man.
“Oh no no no Bruce, I know that face, stop that face right now! For the last time, you’re not that kind of doctor! For fuck’s sake, am I the only one who remembers that he’s got PhDs in Physics, which has nothing to do with having a medical degree? And what were you doing reading a biology paper?”
No, not that Steve was going to leave Tony or Bucky altogether. Just, maybe they could go elsewhere on date night, somewhere that Bucky could not go to. It felt a bit like cheating, but Steve was pretty desperate at this point, and plus it would just be for a night.
And what does that say about his life, that what he termed ‘strange’ did not encompass a freak accidental portal connecting his world to an alternative universe of god-knows-what, but instead included serene halo-like light from a portal that also hummed Pixar-esque BGM.
This time it was EVE, which in turned sent U into a frenzy.
Perhaps it was because Ironteddy made Rhodeybear himself, for they just clicked automatically. They were fast friends the moment Rhodeybear became conscious and they seemed to understand each other without a problem. Ironteddy already loved Rhodeybear, had done so since he made his first stitch, and it was not long before Rhodeybear loved him in return. A mutual love between them kept them alive and Ironteddy had never been happier than he was before. They talked and joked and played pranks on each other, they chased the bots around like puppies, they told each other stories and cuddled together in sleep. Obie, once found out, could not even fault Ironteddy, for Rhodeybear was perfect, the perfect friend for a teddy bear. Obie did try to market Rhodeybear, but Ironteddy stopped him in time. It was selfish of him, he knew, wanting to keep Rhodeybear all to himself. But Obie relented easily enough anyway upon promises of more inventions in the near future.
“What do you mean you open the portal to Alien-verse?!”
, Ironteddy thought.
They were gone.
In a way, it made perfect sense for Mr Stark to be his creator. Yet, deep within the fibres of his stuffing, Ironteddy still found it hard to believe. His first memory of Mr Stark was when he looked at him with such disdain and disappointment in his eyes it made almost all the love that Mrs Stark had given him bleed out. Then Mr Stark had shoved him and had walked away. The times after was no better, either Mr Stark ignored him or glared at him like he was a thing to be hated. Mr Stark never visited him in the toy room and never touched him gently. Mr Stark had never been proud of him.
Captain was absent from the Tower a lot, sprinting off after every rumours or sights of Sergeant. Sometimes Widowteddy tagged along, apparently she knew Sergeant back in their Russia days. After a while, another teddy by the name of Falconteddy also joined them on their chase. They would be gone for days on end, sometimes going for long stretches without even a peep to the other Avengerteddies. When they were back, they remained tight-stitched, trading quickly scribbled notes when no one was around but also quickly destroyed the notes when someone else walked into the room. Sergeant was still nowhere to be found.
. And so he braced himself and soldiered through another day, through Mr Stark’s increasing insults and frustration.
Then SHIELD fell and Captain got thrown off the Quinjet. When he was recovered, Widowteddy told him to leave the search for now, obviously Sergeant did not want to return just yet, and he relented begrudgingly.
Mrs Stark was very sad. She thought Mr Stark would finally be happy with the teddy, how could he not, for Ironteddy was such a lovely bear. Mr Stane, after a long while sitting in silence with a frown on his face, came to the table and sat Ironteddy upright. He comforted Mrs Stark, telling her that Mr Stark was probably just tired, Ironteddy was indeed perfect in every way, he would bring the blueprint to the factory and have Ironteddy in production right away. Then he picked Ironteddy up and returned him to Mrs Stark. He patted the teddy on the head and took his leave.
“You want to trade your soul for your beloved.”
Even Tony’s lewd body was not enough to turn him on again that night.
, Rhodeybear confessed.
(which then led to Tony sulking and locking himself in the workshop for the entire week trying to come up with a design that would actually win against the sweet EVE bot, oh god how the hell did that even happen?!)
Ironteddy was never given to any children. He was born within the walls of a grown-up house, no young hands had ever touched or hold him, he had never known the fresh smell of spilled milk or flowery detergent or warm cinnamon cakes or sunny days in the laundry basket. Ironteddy’s world was a mausoleum of unused toys, illuminated only by an old man’s dustfeather and a rare pat on the head. For all the love that Mr Jarvis and Obie had for him, both of them were adults and had myriads of other things to care for and were incapable of unconditional love for a teddy. That was the world Ironteddy lived in, a grey and brown world of stillness, neither alive nor dead. An existence in limbo.
Instead, there was now Visionteddy, a patchwork teddy in green and yellow and red, with a billowing cape and a shiny gem on his forehead. Visionteddy looked more alien than Thorteddy and he glided above the ground as he moved. Yet, he sounded like JARVIS, his manner of speech resembled JARVIS’, he had JARVIS’ memories, all the ones that JARVIS had experienced during his lifetime. Logically, Ironteddy knew that Visionteddy was not JARVIS, yet his every being refused to acknowledge this and he caught himself almost asking for JARVIS as he rummaged through the ruins of his home.
Meanwhile, Tony’s bots had registered the change in their targets and had redirected their course henceforth. They stopped a couple feet away from EVE who looked very much like she was ready to slash all their wires if they got too close.
One day, as he was out with Pepper, a magical ring appeared out of nowhere and through a portal stepped out a teddy bear who had a billowing red cape and a shiny green necklace. The bear introduced himself as Strangeteddy and told Ironteddy to go along with him, for the world was in danger. Stepping from behind him was Hulkteddy, who was no longer Hulk, but just scruffy normal-sized Bruciebear.
“Oh god, stop talking Clint! And I hate all of you!”)
Steve learned that it was not a good idea to keep Bucky away from Tony. None of their friends agreed to dog-sit for him anymore, even Phil whom he suspected had a framed photo of him in his bedroom (which kind of crept him out, but Tony was the one who told him this so he might just be yanking his chains). Bucky seemed to be nicer to Tony’s friends, but the one time he asked Pepper, Bucky spent the evening moping around her place, whining at her pitifully like a giant puppy and staring at photos of Tony on her mantelpiece like a lovelorn teenager. Pepper, a formidable lady who could crush her business rivals like paper dolls without blinking an eyelash, caved under Bucky’s deceptive innocence and brought him back to Steve’s that night right in the middle of their making out on the couch. She looked an entirely unimpressed at their wrinkled clothes but seemed guilty enough when Bucky padded into the living room and plopped down on the couch like he never left (they spent the evening cuddling glumly while Bucky reclaimed his spot on Tony’s lap, his nose wrinkling every so often and glaring at Steve like he knew what they were up do prior to his arrival).
There was a movement in the corner of Bruce’s eyes and he turned towards the bots just to see Dummy tentatively raising his crane towards EVE while making a quiet whistling sound. Butterfingers and U, who flanked his sides, were also reaching out to EVE, who at the moment looked completely perplexed.
To be fair, Tony doted on Bucky and spoiled him rotten. With the advantage of knowing Bucky beforehand, Bucky’s scruffy appearance did not deter him the slightest and he smothered Bucky with pats and hugs and even kisses. He bought him the most fancy treats and let him nose around his workshop (Bucky loved the workshop, especially the bots whom he chased after like a puppy). He regularly did maintenance on Bucky’s leg and took over Steve’s task of rubbing the joint with soothing oil. He let Bucky climb all over him in excitement and snuggled with him in bed.
Bucky’s entire demeanour changed. His aggression more or less dissolved, the pulled wrinkles on his brows smoothed out, the pulled-back skin at his jaws slackened and his tongue lolled out happily, his ears flipped back to the front, the tension on his entire body relaxed and he wagged his tail.
Which was when a jolt of pain shot up his leg. Steve cried out in shock, removed himself from Tony and looked down to see Bucky’s jaws snapping around his right leg. Tony, who by now realised that something was wrong, tried to turn around and see, but his wrists were still cuffed and his movements were limited. Bucky, seeing Tony struggle on the bed, snarled like a cornered dog and sank his teeth even deeper into Steve’s flesh. It took a while, but Tony finally managed to convince Bucky to let Steve go, looking conflicted between worrying for Steve and trying to keep Bucky calm, all the while still bound to the bed and not having much of a peripheral vision, and by the time Bucky let go and Steve had un-cuffed Tony from the bed, ample blood had gushed out through the bite mark and it hurt so much that it made Steve dizzy. Tony dashed off to the bathroom for a first-aid kit while Bucky followed him at his heels, eyes still trained on Steve all the while.
Tony on his left was starting to squint a little. He must have picked up the music too, because he quickly glanced at Bruce with a what-the-fuck expression on his face. Bruce shrugged, helplessly.
In Ironteddy’s wildest dreams never would he even imagine that a day would come when Mr Stark would step a foot into the toy room. Such a thing had never happened and it was so far removed from Ironteddy’s imagination that it did not even occur to him. Maybe that was why he was careless. It was night time and the household had gone to sleep, that was when Ironteddy usually turned on DUMMY and Butterfingers and U and let them roam around the shelves, their adhesive caterpillar tracks allowing them to go from shelf to shelf without falling. Ironteddy was scribbling a new design on a piece of scrap paper that he took from the workshop, only paying half-attention to the whistles and soft whirring from the robots. When Ironteddy was in an inventing binge, he hardly paid attention to much else, which was why he never heard the door creaking open, never heard the bots’ excited greetings to the strange man standing at the door, gaping at the sight of three robots clinging to his trophy shelves and a teddy bear writing calculations on the windowsill. Ironteddy did not hear the man walking in disbelief into the room, did not feel his warm breath on his back as he loomed over and looked at the blueprint, did not hear his gasp as his eyes traced the numbers. But, all of the sudden, Ironteddy felt a rush of love that made him gape and stop his writing. It was a heady, unfamiliar feeling, unlike the enduring love from Mr Jarvis, the burst of warmth from Obie, or even the soft whisper of love like Mrs Stark that one time. This was like a hurricane, a flood of excitement, of pride, the thing he had longed for all his life but had never once felt. It was heady, it was amazing, and when Ironteddy looked up, he saw Mr Stark’s smile illuminated under the moonlight, a scene that would henceforth carved itself into his memory fibres until eternity.
Then one day, his battalion came to a village. The village was destroyed beyond repairs, houses blown up beyond recognition and their inhabitants long gone. As the soldiers rummaged through the debris for anything of use, Mr Stark came across a tattered teddy bear. It was a filthy torn thing, a dirty yellow bear, its stuffing half gone from a gaping hole on its back. The teddy was all by itself, trapped under a tree trunk, its owner, perhaps a little girl, was either dead or had already moved on. Mr Stark saw the little teddy and was at once rejoiced and despaired, for he remembered the long-lost peaceful childhood he once had, in a land that was so far away; yet, it also reminded him of his dreams back then, the burning desire to make something of use to mankind. The bear gave him an elated sense of joy, of pure sadness yet of hope. This single tattered bear, mangled and caked with dirt, was his saviour. And so Mr Stark took the bear with him and stuffed it in his backpack. At night, when they had settled down for the night, Mr Stark took pieces of cloths that he could find and patched up the bear with all the skills his mother once taught him. When they passed by a bombed town hall, he used the torn French flag to make a shirt and pants and helmet for the bear. When he found a fancy torn coat in an abandoned tailor’s shop, he took one of the big buttons and painted a shield on it. He called the teddy bear Captain and at night he held the teddy tight in his sleep. His comrades initially made fun of him, but then, when dark times came and there was nowhere to hide from the monsters in their heads, Mr Stark would lend them Captain and the bear would share with them its magic, would give them a bit of joy and hope, a bit of home, a bit of tomorrow. Captain became famous around the camp and eventually was known to all as a beacon of hope. Later, Mr Stark found another tattered bear in another village, a brown bear with an arm missing. Mr Stark took the bear along as well and eventually used some grey cloth to make the teddy a new arm. The new teddy, known as Sergeant, was now Captain’s companion as the battalion slowly made their way through the plains of Europe, chasing after the enemy’s backs.
Inexplicably, Ironteddy had committed the biggest crime of his kind: showing humankind that teddies were alive. Yet, there was no retribution, little children everywhere still cuddled their teddies to sleep with none the wiser. That was because Mr Stark had never told anyone about what he saw. That night, he took Ironteddy to his workshop and asked him all sorts of questions, the most animated Ironteddy had ever seen him. Ironteddy, alive that he was, still could not talk, so he could only write down his answers with pen and paper. And there were so much that he could write. There had never been a person who could comprehend all that Ironteddy had to say, and it sure was a lot. For all that he lacked in fundamental understanding on physics and chemistry and biology and, he still had myriads of ideas on creative toys and machines and cars. Ironteddy could not stop himself if he wanted to nd Mr Stark only encouraged him, urging him to draw and write and calculate and design. They spent days holed up in the workshop going through the many ideas that Ironteddy had stored in his head, smoothing over errors and planning up the framework. At the end of that week, Ironteddy was close to bursting with love, love and pride had wormed and entwined into every bit of stuffing in him, so much that his small body could hardly hold it all in. Ironteddy told himself,
“You love me.”
Steve finally manned up and asked Tony out on a date at the New Year party (turned out Bruce won the pot). On the first date, he took Tony to his favourite Italian restaurant in Queens and learned that Tony spoke fluently sinful Italian. On the second date, he took Tony ice skating and realised how adorably red Tony’s nose was when he tried to smother his face in thick layers of fleece and knitted beanie. On the third date, Tony showed him his penthouse and workshop and JARVIS and the bots, and Steve pushed Tony against the elevator wall and left a constellation of love bites on his neck.
“I agree, Man of Iron. I distinctly remember my brother spending a lot of time with our mother, and cannot help but suppose that had created the gap between him and my father and led to his downfall.”
They spent the restless night keeping an eye on Steve’s wound. Tony insisted on taking Steve to the hospital, but the bite was not too deep and Steve refused to go. While he spent the next week home waiting for the bite to heal, Phil tentatively brought up the suggestion of having Bucky put down, since he was starting to become dangerous to everyone, even his owner. Steve shot him down right away, unable to bear the thought of hurting Bucky or having him taken away. Plus, he could see why Bucky reacted the way he did. The last time he saw Tony hit and chained, it was Afghanistan and Tony was indeed in danger. In essence, he just saw Steve as someone who would hurt Tony again and did not hesitate to protect him. Anyway, the wound was much less severe than Bucky was capable of inflicting and he looked downright guilty the entire week Steve was at home. He dialed down his aggression to Steve and resumed cuddling and snuggling with him on the couch, even when Tony was around, as if in apology. He no longer growled at Steve, although he still followed them to bed at night.
All heads turned to Steve, who was looking both relieved and worried, which was a very odd look on just about any occasion.
They all blamed him for the destruction of Sokovia. They blamed him for creating Ultron, for playing god, for being reckless. The new teddy bear that joined them, a teddy who could use magic named Scarletteddy, blamed him for her family’s demise. Hawkteddy did not even look at him. Widowteddy patted him on the shoulders like she sympathised, but it just felt wrong. Hulkteddy and Thorteddy were gone, running off to who-knew-where. Visionteddy, confused by the events and conflicted by JARVIS’ memories, opted to stay with the others. Captain just shook his head and accepted his resignation, but he did not ask him to stay.
Steve went into the hideout like a typical SHIELD extraction mission, because he could not keep the mentality of rescuing Tony in his mind, his heart ached so much just thinking of Tony in pain, of the open wound on Tony’s arm where the chip used to be, the rage like an all-consuming fire that threatened to blind him and make him reckless. He tried to think of it as a mission to rescue just another faceless big-name official, tried to be objective. He did not think of Tony’s scared face when he broke the neck of the guards at the entrance. He did not think of Tony’s scream when he gunned down the men that came to him, shouting to one another in foreign tongue. He did not think of Tony’s shiny brown eyes when he kneecapped the leader and tied him up in steel wires, taking no joy in the metal that cut into soft flesh as the man struggled.
Therefore, it was entirely logical for Steve to be worried when Tony wanted to come over for the first time. He tried to delay it as much as he could, flattering Tony’s ego by praising the penthouse shamelessly and going for how much pride Tony placed on his Tower and the technology that came with it, so that they would end up staying over at Tony’s. Other times, they got a hotel room, but after a few times Tony caught on to his ploy and ramped up his whining. Steve gave all sorts of excuses, how old and thin-walled his place was compared to Tony’s, how loud the neighbours were, how inconveniently located it was compared to the restaurants they frequented. Tony stopped asking after a few weeks, but before Steve could breathe out in relief, he found out (through Clint’s blabbermouth) that Tony only stopped because he figured Steve did not mean things to be serious anyway, that there was no point taking his fling home, that maybe Steve already had another at home, a husband or a wife, and Tony was just something on the side, and if that was all he was going to get from Steve then there was nothing else he could do but to accept it.
JARVIS was gone.
His best friend, the one he loved the most, had returned. His dream had come true, yet he somehow felt colder. Like a love for him was gone.
“Richards, man, you’re getting slacked,” Clint snickered, but still kept his bow taunt, “where are my big-ass tentacle aliens? Because I totally expect big-ass tentacle aliens served with my portals. You cannot just condition us to arm against destructive aliens and then not deliver. And what are those, seriously? Did you manage to bring us alternative universe junk robots?”
Then, Mr Stark got really drunk one night. It was after the launch of the new mobile phone, everyone had praised him to the sky on the new sleek device, much lighter and more functional than the previous model. All the while, as he accepted handshakes and clinked his wineglass with others, he was fully aware of whom the praises should be for and that gave him a bitter taste as the night dragged on. By the time he got home, he was completely inebriated, yet he still somehow found his way to the workshop. He barged into the shop to find Ironteddy looking at a framed photo on his shelf. A photo of him back in his war days, a rare snapshot of a much younger him holding the Captain teddy.
And so Ironteddy lived in Edward’s room. It was smaller and a lot more cramped than the toy room and it was chock full of things. Edward’s clothes strewn from one end to the other of the room, his desk was full of books and pens and knick-knacks, his games and toys in various corners. Edward placed Ironteddy on the bookshelf and promptly forgot all about him. Edward, a boy of twelve, no longer desired teddy bears but he loved the bots. He adored their movements and whistles and he tied toy guns onto them and enacted alien battles with them as they moved about confusedly in this new room.
Dummy and the gang just stood in silence at their station. WALL-E and EVE still huddled behind Steve.
Following the New York aftermath, the Avengerteddies all came to live in the Stark Tower with Ironteddy. Their relationship, though tentative at first, slowly grew as they became more comfortable with one another. Ironteddy particularly liked spending time with Captain, a teddy out of time, full of mysteries. How Captain had managed to survive all those years was still a big unknown. Some said that he was picked up and loved by someone during this time, even though Captain had no memories of this. Ironteddy knew better though. He knew that Mr Stark’s love was enough to sustain Captain through seventy years, even though Mr Stark himself had passed away two decades ago. And it was well-justified, too, for Mr Stark had not exaggerated and Captain was indeed the perfect teddy bear. He was handsome and wholesome, rugged yet soft, charming yet disciplined. A wonderful companion to a soldier, yet was perfect to offer comfort.
Bucky.
And that was how the world knew about the secret life of teddy bears.
Of course, the very moment Steve started thrusting in, both of them were startled by a series of loud barks from the garden window. Bucky was standing up on his hind legs, his forelegs leaning against the window, barking madly at the two of them.
Also, did he mention that it was only nine in the morning?
After the kidnapping incident, Bucky’s attitude to Steve changed completely.
He finally did, when Obie tried to blast him into pieces with his own armour. And so Ironteddy, armed with the arc reactor blazing artificial love he created for himself, brought his most beloved human down in flames.
Mr Stark never returned.
He really would not rather be anywhere else.
(“Stop mooning at the man and go kiss him already.”
“What’s the logic in that?! I look nothing like that rusty pile of junk!” Tony was cut off by an excited beep by WALL-E and a string of offended whirrs from EVE and the bots.
“And Hill’s got another pool on when you will succumb to Tony’s manly charm and bang him in one of SHIELD’s meeting rooms. There is a shocking amount of money going into that one.”
To be fair, he did not know that it was Captain standing next to him at that moment. It was a bit chaotic all around and Ironteddy was a bit busy fighting an alien teddy in green to pay more attention. But then, when they had caught Lokiteddy and had settled down on the Quinjet, Ironteddy realised,
“You would never be as good as him”, Mr Stark said.
What was less widely known was that Tony, the paranoid man that he was, had implanted a chip on himself, in case the very scenario of kidnapping arose. Which was why Steve and Bucky and a hoard of SHIELD agents were flying to Nevada, a trail of US Air Force lead by Colonel James Rhodes hot on their heels. Bucky was not meant to go, but he planted his feet and growled and snarled and Steve, already half-blinded with fury and fear for Tony, made no effort to stop him.
So, while no one was looking, Ironteddy sneaked out and flew the Milano away. He had no idea where he was supposed to go, so he just blindly jumped from one planet to another, following any rumours or tales he heard from the planet’s residents. With half of its population gone, the universe was still full of life, marketplaces still teemed with goods and trades, metallic cities still blazed with light, the Arena never lacked for audience and a good fight even though the Grandmaster was gone. Yet, in the spacecraft, Ironteddy felt so very alone. The last time he was in space, there was Spideybear underfoot like an inquisitive child and there was Strangeteddy standing by his side, his brilliant red cloak covering the two of them as they peered out at the universe.
There was a loud thump against the window as Bucky body-slammed at the door, single-mindedly trying to get inside the room. A small crack started to form in the centre of the glass, threatening to widen as Bucky ran off into the garden to gain momentum for his next crash.
As Tony once more got lost in his own head and started to mumble to himself, Bruce promptly faded him out and quickly reassessed the situation, now that there was no more threat of Hulk-inducing violence. The team, now assured that the bots were not out for each other’s blood, congregated back to where Steve and Tony were. Thor and Clint were once again cooing over the bots while Natasha secretly snapped a few more shots with a smirk. Steve were looking at the bots with affection (he never let go of Tony’s hand) while the bots themselves, now no longer making supersonic squeaks, had calmed down somewhat and were content with snuggling in a metal pile, with TO– WALL-E and EVE at the centre and the others cooing at their sides. Now and then WALL-E or EVE would say their newly assigned name and the bots would make a happy chirp.
Two years went by and the world moved on.
“We’d better bring him inside before the neighbours think that one of us kills the other and call the cops. Again.”
“Then how about that Cap? Thinking of popping out some kids some day?”
He was in one of his design binge again. He was missing Mr Jarvis something fierce that day and just wanted to see him again. Yet, alas, he could not. But, like all the problems that Ironteddy had encountered, if he could not do something, he invented something to compensate for it. And he had come up with this brilliant idea of making an AI that would be just like Mr Jarvis. So he started to write formulas and formulas for the AI, writing furiously on the keyboard. He was so absorbed in the task, he could not hear the door creaking open, or the bots sudden rapid chirpings in warning, or the shadow of a man standing behind him. Suddenly, his chair was spun around and his paws were ripped from the keyboard.
“Steve, I know you’re there.”
And Steve turned to look incredulously at Tony, who grinned happily and spread his arms out in greeting towards Bucky, who took advantage of Steve’s distraction and loose grip, leaped forward into Tony’s arms and licked enthusiastically at his cheeks. If possible, his tail wagged even more furiously now.
The light in the meantime was getting brighter and brighter, before the portal rumbled like an old cat trying to cough up a fur ball. With a final flash of light (and a soft crescendo in the soundtrack), it spitted out two dog-sized objects onto the workshop’s floor. Then the light dimmed, the portal shivered as if in relief, then winked out of sight, taking with it the blinding light and soft music.
“I mean…”
“Aww, look at how cute they all are. See Stark, no need to be all protective-mommy on them. They were just making friends.”
“The situation is that you need to come to my house right now and take your monster of a dog back before he destroys another of Laura’s curtains.”
The bots kept on going forward as if Tony had not spoken at all, which was beyond weird considering a. Tony made them and b. they all adored Tony even when he had been up for three days straight and had been swearing at them for a few hours. Even Steve looked a bit nervous as the bots came closer and closer to him. Behind him WALL-E let out an alarmed sound, dashed off underneath a lab bench and folded himself into an inconspicuous metal box while EVE followed behind and stood vigil in front of him, blade-arm raised in defence.
Finally, on a nice spring weekend, he relented and gave Tony his address.
Ironteddy was not loved.
Of course, as soon as the misunderstanding cleared up, Tony was back on his mission to infiltrate Steve’s house, only this time, Steve had no more reasons to refuse him. He tried telling Tony horror stories involving Bucky and his failed attempts of dating (with Natasha backing as proof), but Tony just beamed his large brown eyes at him and wobbled his lips, and while it looked fake as hell, Steve was still not immune to its effects.
, Ironteddy thought.
Spideybear was nothing like Ironteddy. He lived with this nice lady named May who had had him for years. Spideybear told him, when he finally decided to come clean to May about his teddy secret, May just looked at him and pinched his nose, chastising him for not looking away whenever she changed her clothes (
, Ironteddy thought. Yet he did not dare say this out loud. His greatest fear had come true, he had lost his best friend to the human world.
Steve had spoken too soon.
For a time, Ironteddy thought that Mr Stane was his creator.
He stumbled across the desert, dragging his tattered body and the heavy arc reactor sitting in his chest, not knowing exactly where to go. The Ten Rings was a ball of fire behind him, Mr Yinsen was dead, his chest was empty of love and his decorative repulsors now glowed with an icy blue. He did not even recognise Rhodeybear when his friend came running towards him; only after they were safe on the chopper could he register Rhodeybear’s warm brown eyes. The empty hole in his chest started to slowly fill with love, and Ironteddy wept. When Obie greeted him at the airport with a big hug, he could not help but burying his head into Obie’s familiar smell, his paws gripping tight and imagining his warm smile. He was so in shock, he did not even realise that Obie’s warm love was long gone.
One of his earliest recollections was seeing her for the first time with one eye. She was in the middle of sewing his other eye and her face was no more than a silhouette, darkened by the bright light behind her head. He remembered the sting of the needle as it jabbed through his skin, yet it was not painful, for the threading was gentle and the hand cradling his head was warm. By the end, his vision was clear and he could see her completely. Ironteddy, then no more than a teddy bear head with pieces of his body scattered across the workstation, thought her the most beautiful person in the world. As she completed him piece by piece, he could feel her love for him growing, flowing into the empty space between his stuffing, making him feel heavy and full with love. It was a heady feeling and by the time she was done, he had never felt more alive.
Sometimes, he wished that he had never met Tony, so that Tony would never meet Bucky again. Immediately after that, he felt disgusted at himself. Because Tony, Tony was everything. Tony was the love of his life, the other side to his coin, so very different yet fundamentally the same. Tony, who lived through horrors and pains and came back stronger, who changed his way when he saw what his creations were brought to be, who now worked for the better good, investing endless time and energy and resources in SHIELD. Tony, who shared a long nightmare with Bucky, who saved both Bucky and himself in the process, who made sure that Bucky was home safe. Tony, who saw the good that was in the scruffy scary shell of a dog, who loved Bucky unquestionably like a friend, a brother in his own right. Tony, who was one of this new world, yet also shared Steve and Bucky’s world, who walked the line between light and darkness, who gave them his heart and expected nothing in return. Tony, who made Bucky a better leg and rebuild the essence of New York in Steve. Tony, his better half, his partner, his soulmate. Tony, whom he could not live without, Tony, whose rings of laughter fuelled his world.
Natasha had only met Parker three times but everything from his Bambi eyes to his adorable, youthful smile, meant she had instantly felt the urge to protect him from all of the world's evil. He didn't deserve to be locked away for helping people. The spy would do anything she could to help the spider-kid.
“Thank you, Scott...” Peter said, his head resting on Scott’s chest.
Once Steve had left him, Peter removed the hospital gown and saw himself in the mirror for the first time in weeks. He looked horrific. He was covered in bandages and discoloured patches of skin.
“Can I take a shower?”
“He’s right, bambino. You don’t have to worry about going into care or anything like that if you want to stay here. With me. And with Steve. All the avengers, too. How does that sound, kiddo?” Peter looked up at Tony like he was talking an alien language.
Clint pulled Peter into his side. “You got this kiddo. You just flash ‘em those puppy dog eyes, and you’ll be fine. I promise.”
“Hey, Stark, c’mere. I need to talk to you.” Natasha beckoned Tony over. Tony eyed her suspiciously but followed her over to the kitchen area. “Look, I know what you’re going to say but just listen, okay? Ross is going to pass his trial. The defence are twisting all the evidence. Peter needs to make a statement in court. You need to talk to him about it and there’s the issue with the court’s bias against enhanced people but, it’s the only way that Ross is going to pay for what he has done. Also, you need to talk to everyone about the UN’s terms.”
“Well, Mr Stark, you’re not exactly young.” Peter said, truthfully. Natasha snorted and Mr Stark mocked being upset.
"Hi, sweetie. I'm in the kitchen." She responded.
“Thank you, Steve, for everything you’ve done and are doing for me and Pete.”
“Hey, Wands, Clint, do you think this has something bad in it?” He poked the cake only for it to tear, revealing glass and boiling acid which burnt this fingertip and sprayed broken glass all over the floor. He jumped onto his bed to get away from it, but some glass found its way into his knees causing a searing pain.
It turned out Natasha had not looked far for her inspiration. She had drawn what was right in front of her. Her drawing depicted Steve guiding Peter’s hand with his on the canvas in front of them. The Peter in the artwork had his tongue peeking out of mouth as he focused on the canvas and the Steve was smiling at his concentration.
Tony would never let his family be split apart again.
“I can assure you, a full investigation will take place and if we find any evidence of the mistreatment of inmates, the person responsible will be persecuted.” President Ellis assured the room.
Not as happy with this chapter but I am looking forward to the next one!
Tony was so tired. He was happy that Steve was back but the circumstances were souring the reunion significantly. All he wanted was his Spider-Kid back so he could stop worrying. After trying to sleep, lying in bed for 3 hours staring at the ceiling, he had given up and went to make himself a coffee. He had been sitting in the kitchen area of the common room, lost in his thoughts, when Steve had walked in.
Anabelle <3
And now this, Peter being locked away at the raft, it was too much. Tony should have been paying more attention to the kid, to Ross' movements. The billionaire would get the spider-themed hero out of there if it was the last thing he did. Next on his list was creating a revised version of the accords. They weren't working and, once the Stark showed the UN that Ross was putting teenagers in prison in the name of the accords, he just hoped the world leaders would agree.
“It’s okay, Petey, we’ve got you.” Tony cradled Peter close to his chest, ”Nothings gonna hurt you, not while I’m around. Just breathe, kiddo, just breathe." Steve moved in to join the hug.
“Enjoy yourself.”
“God, not you too.”
Ross repeated this multiple times until the boy fainted from the lack of oxygen. When he reawakened after a few minutes, his head felt fuzzy and he had to take several deep breaths to steady himself.
"You really care about that kid, don't you?" Natasha questioned, not pushing too hard.
After taking a picture of the feline, Steve showed Peter some of the more specific techniques that could come in handy for painting Bean. After an hour and a half, the pair had finished the basic outline of Beans body and added some colour. When Peter’s wrist began tiring Steve had recommended that they leave it at that for today and continue in the near future. When they were packing up, Tony entered the room to ask what they wanted for dinner.
“Don’t bother. It’s vibranium.” Ross’ tone was dismissive, “I just want one answer for now, Spider-Man. Where did you get your powers?”
Scott and Sam were helping Peter onto one of the central sofas. Wanda sat next to him with Vision next to her. Tony and Steve sat on Peter’s other side. Scott and Sam flopped down on a pile of bean bags. Clint and Natasha sat on the floor and leaned on the couches.
When they got to the avengers tower, Peter was carted off towards the medbay, Tony and Steve following close behind. Natasha and Rhodes trying to guide the rest of the new arrivals to get checked out when Vision floated through the walls and saw Wanda. They met in the middle of the room and embraced each other, their foreheads touching as they reunited.
“TON-Y!”
One of the robot-thing, the rustier, older-looking one, started to beep at the word ‘junk’.
It was all the same, anyway. Ironteddy was again a teddy bear unloved.
(then there was that heartbreaking moment when Richards opened – he still swore he didn’t mean it – the portal to WALL-E universe and there was a teary goodbye when everyone hugged and Steve and Tony were absolutely devastated and the bots were inconsolable for the entire month while the Avengers just moped around the building dejectedly. Bruce would later find Steve’s sketches of all the robots, all beautifully detailed, and would walk into the common room one late night to find Tony watching repeats of all of WALL-E and EVE’s house cams and not holding back his tears. Bruce still had a photo of him with the WALL-Es in frame on his desk which never failed to bring him tears.)
“Oh my god, are you listening to yourself? Bruce…”
Ironteddy knew better than to have high hopes, even though sometimes he really really wanted to. Captain was not just the perfect teddy bear, he was the perfect friend. It took them a while to warm up to each other, each still somewhat embarrassed by the things they called the other during the battle. But then, Captain began to drag Ironteddy out from his engineering binge to go watch silly 80s shows with him, and Ironteddy unceremoniously barged into Captain’s room at midnight, pulled him away from his moping and took him out for late-night walks. They could not eat, but both loved the smell of fries and burgers - Captain because he was made in a poor Brooklyn neighbourhood by a kind nurse for her French niece, while Ironteddy remembered the smell from the time when Rhodeybear took him out to roam the city, back when they had to hide among the shadows to avoid paparazzi, next to dumpsters and behind burger shops. So, they tended to wander through the shops of Brooklyn, breathing in the smell of greasy food.
Bucky took months to get used to peacetime. For nights on end he would wake up suddenly and snarl at Steve when he got too close. He reacted violently even to the shadow of himself and Steve had to restrict his movement indoors after he almost bit off the hand of a teenager who threw a pebble at him. It took a long time for Bucky to be comfortable with the house and the garden and the nearby park, but in a way, recuperating Bucky actually helped with Steve’s own issues. By helping Bucky get over his nightmares, the nightmares in Steve’s own head quieted down to just mindless dreams. Taking care of Bucky was the one thing that he could only do in Iraq but could also do now at home, it kept him anchored and distracted and desensitised him to the foreign world that was peace, which allowed him to start living his life again and more importantly, start seeing other people.
The Rogueteddies, or so the media proclaimed, were still not back to America. Last anyone saw them, they were in Scotland, or somewhere European. The Accords were not in place still since there were hardly any superteddies left, but still there were talks of it every now and then. Rhodeybear was more than capable of walking and running and jumping again, courtesy of the brace Ironteddy had made for him. Visionteddy had been learning the world and had helped a lot with getting Rhodeybear back on his feet, but he came to Ironteddy a few weeks ago, asking to be away for a while, then dropped off the radar. Ironteddy himself, now ground-bound, still designed for Stark Industries. He made many new inventions and Spideybear dropped by every few days to science with him or just to hang out with the robots. It was quiet and peaceful and in a way should be all he ever wanted. Yet Ironteddy could never forget the horror he saw in space, the giant spaceship, the darkening purple sky, the air thick with the threat to come. He knew in his fibre that it was only a matter of time before it finally came to Earth.
Fifteen hours later when they piled into Tony’s IC room, Steve went and sat by Tony’s bed, holding a thin hand in his and placed his head down on the bed, consciousness quickly fading from exhaustion. He saw in the corner of his gritty eyes, Bucky standing on the other side of Tony’s head, nosing at Tony’s other hand and whined when Tony did not pet him like usual. When Steve woke up, Tony was still unconscious, the only sounds in the room were the constant beeping of the monitors and Bucky’s quiet snore as he laid at Steve’s chair, his head pillowed on Steve’s feet, warm like a blanket.
“Who are you calling mommy Barton? And I have every reason to freak out, all right? They don’t usually react like that towards other bots. Dummy didn’t react like that when I made Butterfingers and U. And I didn’t even know that they are capable of making such sounds!”
Spideybear was an enigma to Ironteddy.
, he told himself, as he deliberately followed Captain’s paw with his. Then, all of the sudden, Captain came to a halt.
That was Tony’s conclusion.
As Tony finished his Disney conspiracy monologue and half of the team dissolved into arguments about the likelihood of said scenario, Bruce heard a chirping sound from behind his back. He turned around just in time to see WALL-E poking his claw at a red button on a bench, next to Tony’s robot power station. The button must have been for the power supply because all at once Dummy, Butterfingers and U, who were all plugged in and in down-mode, moved their arms and pointed at WALL-E, who let out a loud beep, rushed back to the team and hid behind Steve’s legs. EVE, startled by WALL-E’s motion, advanced towards Tony’s bots and glared at them menacingly (or as menacing as a robot can be) while scanning them briskly. She then gave the equivalent of a huff and floated back to join WALL-E behind Steve.
Steve had half the mind to let that happen anyway, he had planned so long for this night, but he knew that Tony was right. He sat up and tried to get out of bed, not realising that he was still inside Tony, until a spike of electric ran from the base of his spine up to his neck as he moved and Tony let out a long moan, tilting his hips up instinctively to follow Steve’s movement. Steve was this close to just screw it and continue fucking Tony anyway, both of them were still hard, Tony’s body lithe and golden and he had the most orgasmic expression on his face, and his every twitch sent another shot of sensation through Steve, and if he could just zone Bucky’s barks out, then…
JARVIS was gone, and so were the Avengerteddies.
Steve thought it was kind of cute at first, how protective Bucky was to Tony. It was also understandable, seeing that they had bonded over the worst of circumstances. It was way better than what he had envisioned in mind when he brought Tony home to Bucky; so, in a way, he should be grateful that Bucky had taken to Tony so well.
Reed Richards, like a good little scientist, finally came out of his trance when asked a proper question and returned to his excitable science-vomiting self.
Once in a while, Bucky still gave him a funny look when he draped his gangling body over Tony like giant teddy bear, but it was mostly for show now, like a guy teasing his brother to get a rise out of him. He suspected that Tony knew exactly what was going on and was actively encouraging him (only because Steve himself became super possessive himself when it happened, which usually led to very creative and mind-blowing sex), but Steve mock-sighed and let it happen anyway.
Johannesburg hardly registered in Ironteddy’s mind. When the disaster happened there, he was getting ready for a presentation at MIT. He put on the BARF glasses and showed the world for the first time a memory as registered by a teddy bear, he showed them Mr and Mrs Stark on the day before they were gone forever. When he got out of the lecture hall, a woman told him that he was responsible for her son’s death, that he was the opposite of what a teddy bear should be, the opposite of reassurance and comfort. He came home with guilt and heavy thoughts swimming in his head. At the same time, Nigeria burned.
(“–and I did not want you to come over because I was afraid my dog would maul you down, and I love you too much to let that happen!”
So, no more forced separation. Steve would try to placate Bucky’s protective instinct this time. They would go on a normal date with Bucky tagging along. Nice picnic, walk in Central Park, then back to Tony’s place. They would let Bucky stay with the bots, since Bucky adored them, and let them distract Bucky for a couple hours. JARVIS could let them know if Bucky was getting antsy. Bucky could learn to stay out of the room and in the morning, he would realise that Steve had not harmed Tony during the night, Tony would emerge a happy healthy person and Bucky really had nothing to worry about.
, Ironteddy frantically thought as he tried to keep really still, hoping that Obie would not look deeper. But then Obie picked him up with both hands and brought him up to his face.
So apparently there was a universe in which WALL-E and EVE and the crew from the Pixar movie existed. And apparently Mr. Fantastic had accidentally calculated the coordinates for said universe and opened a portal linking Bruce’s laboratory to that. Also, said universe had deemed it appropriate to return the call by gracing them with the original WALL-E and EVE, who were now being alternatively cooed over by Thor and petted by Steve. And did he just see Black Widow taking a photo of the bots looking all wide-eyed and setting it as her phone background?
Ironteddy realised that he was in love when one evening, he suddenly woke up and found himself in the common room after a movie night. All the other teddies were in various state of sleep across the couches and sofas, leaning against pillows and burying in thick blankets. Ironteddy himself was leaning against Captain who had obligingly let him sleep on his legs. The end credit of the movie ran silently in the background and the light from the screen lit up the sharp details of Captain, the peaceful look on his face as he slept, his soft hair and round ears. Ironteddy felt a sudden bloom in his chest, a blaze of fire, seemingly consuming him whole.
“Well, what do you think, they finally meet their idols, right? Gotta let the kids go wild for a bit.”
Logically, he knew that it was Mrs Stark’s hands that made him, but Mr Stane, or Obie as he had taken to call him, must have been his designer. For why else would he be so happy and proud every time he saw Ironteddy? Ironteddy was aware that for humans, he was no different from an inanimate object, a stuffed toy for decorative purpose in a house full of grown-ups, yet every time Obie came for a visit, he would surely stop by the toy room and give Ironteddy a pat on the head. And, while Ironteddy might not understand all human emotions, he knew enough to recognise Obie as being sincere, that he was not just being nice because Mr Jarvis or Mrs Stark asked him to. The love from Obie, while not as strong as that from Mr Jarvis, was a real thing, and that built up in Ironteddy as well, a thing that he truly treasured.
“Fuck you Richards, I’ve already got nightmares watching the movies!”
While Tony started on another rant on the differences between scientific disciplines, Bruce took a quick glimpse at his team. For once Richards’ portal was not a bad thing and in an extremely rare case of event, everyone was actually happy (well, Tony was hyperventilating a little, but he usually did when he started talking science anyhow, and Steve was holding him, so Bruce wasn’t worried). It was rather heart-warming, even, seeing Tony’s robots and the WALL-E aliens getting along like a family. Which made Bruce think about his teammates and how much like a family they all were too. Which, for Bruce, who had spent so long running and hiding, was something precious and needed to be cherish.
Unlike Mr Stark, Obie did not dig deeper into Ironteddy’s secrets. He held Ironteddy in his arms as he held on and his body trembled with foreign emotions, he did not ask how or why Ironteddy could move. He only smoothed the ruffled yarn on his back with his large hand and waited for Ironteddy to calm down. Then, when Ironteddy no longer shook like leaf, he turned him around to face the screen full of calculations and numbers. Ironteddy, one paw still gripping Obie’s shirt, started to type on the keyboard with his free paw.
Steve’s phone rang for a few more times, then stopped. Steve wondered if it was a SHIELD emergency, but was too occupied with leaving hickeys on Tony’s chest to be too concerned about it.
While Ironteddy was content with being in the workshop, coding and connecting cables all day, Rhodeybear was not. He liked running and jumping and he wanted to meet other people, for he had only ever interacted with Obie and was curious about the world outside. He loved Ironteddy and the bots, but inventing was not his thing. Eventually Ironteddy agreed to let him sneak outside at night, when most humans were asleep, so he could see what the world was like.
The days followed, Mr Stark added a new routine to his insults. “If only you were Captain.” “Captain would have figured this long ago.” “You would never be as good as Captain.” Variations of these went on and on, and soon enough Ironteddy knew without a doubt in his heart that he was never going to be as good as Captain. That was the reason for all the insults, the threats, the times that a frustrated Mr Stark would toss him across the room, the times when he shook him so hard his stitches threatened to loosen. That was why he was no longer loved by Mr Stark. Ironteddy did not know that Mr Stark could no longer love him because of his own incompetence, because he was humiliated and shamed. Ironteddy was never to know.
Silence reigned still. If this was a cartoon there would definitely be chirping crickets, but Bruce very much did not want to envision his life any more like a cartoon than it already was.
Then, the impossible happened.
“Err, kiddies? Dummy? Butterfingers? U? Your dream celebrities are here.”
“Kid?”
Ironteddy hated himself for loving him still. Yet, he could not stop.
When Tony woke up that afternoon, Steve hugged and peppered kisses all over Tony’s face, much to the man’s amusement and fake gagging. Bucky was uncharacteristically quiet the whole while, and when Tony saw him, he patted the other side of his bed, wordlessly telling him to get into bed. Bucky walked over to the bedside, but instead of jumping up right away like he usually did, he turned and looked at Steve, as if asking for permission, the first time he had ever done such a thing. When Steve looked through Tony’s wound and was sure that a bit of jostling would not reopen them, he nodded and Bucky gingerly climbed onto the bed, then scooted over to Tony’s leg and draped his heavy head on his thigh, whimpering softly.
Of course, he was a total sweetie when it was just Steve around, acting like a bulky puppy and using Steve’s lap as his personal pillow. Plus, they had been through so much together already, Bucky probably saw him as his pack, just like how Steve considered him his brother. He knew that Bucky would always have his back and even if they were no longer in war-zone and the most Steve had to fear nowadays was probably being hit by a car crossing the road, it was still reassuring to know that there was someone with him, ‘til the end of the line and all.
“I believe it is more of a semantic resemblance than just appearance, Man of Iron. Although if I have to say so myself, it is fitting that WALL-E reminds your children of you and lady EVE the Captain.”
One day, however, he heard people shouting outside of his workshop door. The screeching sound of machinery did not allow him to hear what they said, but it sounded like Obie was arguing with someone else. The next day, Obie asked him to go to a demonstration in Afghanistan. Our troops were based there, he said, they used a lot of our products and would like to have an expert on hand as they tried out the new missile. Who was better for the job, and besides, wasn’t your pal Rhodey there too? Maybe you could throw in a surprise visit.
The fact that Ironteddy was still mobile today was only because of Obie and Mr Jarvis. Sometimes, he hated the fact that he was just a teddy bear and wished that he was a real life human, just so he could give Obie and Mr Jarvis a hug. But he could not. The only thing he could do was to greedily absorb all the love that they gave him, for it was the only thing that he ever knew.
There were three things that kept Steve going after he returned from Iraq.
Then, Tony was kidnapped.
, Ironteddy suddenly realised. Oddly enough, Thanos seemed to understand his thoughts as if he was speaking out loud, for he only sighed and began to brush a finger down Ironteddy’s soft head.
“We tried calling you all night, he sneaked out at some point after dinner, he must have managed to open the front door. We were so worried, we thought that someone’d come in and taken him, or he’d got lost somewhere, this isn’t his neighbourhood. We looked for him for hours, we called the police, we were already on the way to your place. Thank god he’s back safely. He’s all right, isn’t he?”
When he carried a sleepy Tony to bed that night and Bucky jumped on the bed with them, settling happily at their feet, Steve only admonished him half-heartedly and petted his soft furry ears. Exception could be made for one day, and it was a very special day, after all.
Before anyone could give a suggestion, the portal, which had been eerily still, started to tremble and glowed. Which effectively cancelled everyone’s thoughts (if there were even any worth considering at all). The nerds in the room just stared at the portal with barely-veiled excitement in their eyes, as they were wont to do at occasions like this. The non-nerds just looked alarmed, or in Natasha’s case, indifferent.
“Well, I wouldn’t mind if he was half an hour late. Bucky has the most horrible timing, I swear he has an internal clock that’s set to when Tony and I are together.”
“They think WALL-E and EVE are their parents!”
Steve’s feeling quickly grew from loathing to begrudgingly impressed to quiet admiration. Before long, he was also helplessly head over heels with Tony, much to his colleagues' teasing and approval.
“Sorry for the interruption, sirs, but there is an incoming call from Miss Romanov.”
Of course, the moment Bucky heard Tony’s car at the front, he proceeded to bark the whole neighbourhood down. No amount of shushing or scolding could quiet him down, so Steve resigned and let him in. Bucky gave him a glare when he trotted in, as if he knew exactly what Steve had in mind, then stayed plastered to Steve’s feet when he went to get the door. Steve put him on the leash just in case, with the other end firmly looped through his hand, hoping that at least if Bucky reacted violently he would be able to hold him back as Tony ran for his life. When Steve opened the door and Bucky made eye contact with Tony for the very first time, it was probably the longest five seconds of his life.
“I cannot help you, little one. The ones you love are gone forever. The Gauntlet is fair, it does not decide whom to kill. Just so happen that it was your beloved who were chosen.”
“…Really?”
“It’s hard to tell, Hawkeye, but with some preliminary tests I can definitely narrow it down to a few possibilities. I don’t think I’ve ever seen these designs before though, how fascinating. Quite primitive-looking, as robots go, which might reflect the state of technology in their home world. Now, the white capsule must have some anti-gravitational power, though it must be pretty weak, seeing that whatever engine it’s running on is very quiet. The other thing, on the other hand, might be part of a bigger machine, probably some sort of miniaturized conveyor belt system, which is …”
“…What? What is Bucky doing there?”
Steve missed having Tony’s warmth plastered on his side and he was starting to get very frustrated by Bucky’s antics. He was sure that Bucky knew exactly what he was doing and that was to keep Steve away from Tony.
“What the actual fuck?”, said Johnny Storm helpfully.
Eventually, more teddies with superpowers showed up. First, the giant Hulkteddy, the alter-ego of a sweet unassuming Bruciebear, who wreaked havoc in Harlem and went on the run. Then there was Thorteddy, the mysterious alien who came from a teddy-ruled universe. Also, apparently the government had been employing teddies as spies all along, like Hawkteddy who was a master archer. Not only America, so did Russia, for there was Widowteddy who could bring down ten grown men all by herself. They were termed superteddies and there were talks of bringing them together as a team.
So, when Tony came into their lives, it was like he had taken Bucky from him. Bucky, who now revolved his attention and undying devotion to Tony, saw him as another in his pack, someone soft-bellied and fragile that needed to be protected. Bucky, who remembered the horrors the two of them faced in that dim cave in Afghanistan, remembered the man who hugged him through cold nights and made him a new leg and shared the few morsels of food with him, the man who brought him home to Steve. Bucky, who saw the scars and blood on Tony and told himself, never again. Bucky, who saw Steve as a threat to Tony. Bucky, who was no longer his best mate, his second-in-command, his anchor in the world. Bucky now looked at him like a stranger while Steve helplessly let that happen because the alternative meant he would lose them both.
“Yes, Steve, I love you. Wow, it felt so weird to say it out loud, but since you’re not running for the hills and you said you loved me too, oh my god did you really say it because I think my brain’s gone offline now and I’m probably imagining all this and what are you doing smiling like that oh fuck I’ve made a mistake haven’t I you probably just meant it as friendship love or something and I–"
“If you are going to take him, do you mind taking those robots along as well? Those are his friends and they’ve been together for a long time.”
“Hulk now, Brucie! Hulk! Now!”
And Mr Stark went on to tell Ironteddy all about Captain, how he was found and repaired, all the adventures they went on together, how he had comforted Mr Stark through it all, how devastated his loss was to him, how perfect of a teddy he was. How Ironteddy was a failed attempt to recreate Captain, how nothing could measure up to him. Mr Stark rambled on and on and kept on repeating, “You’d never be good enough.” At the end, Mr Stark finally fell asleep at the desk, clinging to the framed yellowed photograph like it was his lifeline.
Suddenly they heard WALL-E said, followed by a high pitched squeak from Dummy.
Wagged. His tail.
Like all the ones Ironteddy had ever loved, they were gone. Like Mr Stark and Mrs Stark. Like Mr Jarvis and JARVIS. Like Obie. Gone in a blow of dust, disintegrating like a sand castle at the end of the day.
And so Ironteddy said goodbye to Mr Jarvis and went home with Obie.
“See what WALL-E and EVE are calling themselves? WALL-E is TON-Y, like you. EVE is STEVE, because duh!”
Then the whole building went down.
He squinted at the teddy sitting on the table, he frowned and grimaced and looked at it all over. In the end, he flicked Ironteddy on the head and said,
Steve grinned.
The robots must have deemed him safe, because after a couple minutes of assessing him (the white one was, because Clawed Cube just gazed at him with increasingly wide eyes) they cautiously approached Steve’s hand. The white bot, who had sprouted a pair of blade-like arms, were tapping on his wrist in alien Morse or something. The brown bot just bumped his claw at Steve’s palm like a puppy.
Ironteddy, who had never been outside of America, went on his first trip alone.
It still felt like a nightmare to Ironteddy, the thought of it so surreal he could not comprehend it. As if all of his thinking fibres had been burnt to crisp.
“There is not going to be any kids, Barton, get it out of your system.”
The next few days were utter bliss. Tony went to his meetings and tried to appear as if he was interested while Pepper passive-aggressively shot down their potential business partners’ attempt at passing some pathetically hidden clauses. Steve went to Fresnes and interrogated a bunch of what turned out to be ex-HYDRA shrimps. In the evening, they went strolling down the Seine and had dinner at swanky restaurants and kissed under the starry sky. He learned that Tony had the most sinful French accent (also because he only knew the dirty phrases) and rediscovered how gorgeous Tony was on top of him, riding him into the mattress with head thrown back and loud moans and breathy whimpers. Afterwards, Tony tucked himself underneath Steve’s arm and snuggled into his chest as Steve played with Tony’s soft locks without worrying that there was a giant dog glaring at him and flanking Tony’s other side.
"Tony! Are you okay? Are you hurt?" Steve said franticly as he fluttered his hands around Tony's body.
Steve stops and holds Tony close. "Natasha's gone..." He says with despair thick in his voice.
[TBC...]
Tony sighed in exasperation. "Fine. Fifteen minutes."
Vision just sighs sadly and fazes through the wall and out of the mansion.
Tony and the others find themselves surrounded by a bunch of gas tanks.
Thor surged up and out of his seat to aid his brother. "Brother! What happened!?" Loki never got to answer, because when he teleported inside of the jet, he let out a magical pulse as he landed, rendering the jet flightless. The engines had stopped working.
Lots of those irritating buggers by the unending sound of it.
- But right as he thinks that, a surprizingly gentle but freakishly long hand opens his mouth and reaches inside in order to remove something that feels like pus and cobwebs from his mouth. Tony begins to panic once more.
He wasn't eating...
And the whole property was closed off with an electrified fence.
Before the exited the bath house, they found yet another page, this one stating the obvious.
"I know right!? Though, I really think that Harry should totally jump Marcone's bones. It's a long time overdue." Tony enthused.
I̫͉͙̫̟̲͔̋'͕̏ͤ͒̄͒́̚͜M̫͎͖̲͌̈̽ͧͨͦ̕ ͬ͏̳S͍̻̹̮̋̈͋ͩ̅͐ͤͅT͖̪͙̲͑̄͟I̡̲ͥ̌̚L͈̰͉̪͈ͯͪ̀ͥ̍͊̾ͅL̞̭̬͗ͮͪͯͫ͌͛ ̬̺͔ͪͪ͛͊ͣͬ̓͝ͅH̼͐ͣͣE̎͝R͈̜̰̮̩Ę͍͔ͨ͋
Kill.
"-ny"
He had wanted to find him again and claim what was his long ago, but
Shivering, they pressed on.
Tony thrashes, trying to get away, but it is futile. "FUCK NO! I'll- I'll kill them! God knows that there shouldn't be anymore of you running about!"
[Thanos' POV:]
Loki tried to wriggle free once more. He was NOT a damsel in distress for Thor to rescue. Again.
The fox smiled excitedly. "I DID! And it saved my
Slenderman is
. But right as he felt a hand caressing his face, and his head was filling with static, his mother opened the door.
VERY.
He walked up and stayed close. Lightly brushing his hand against Clint's. Clint looked over and offered a relieved smile. This was one of those times why he loved his handler so much.
Tony looked up in surprise. "When did you start reading Harry Dresden?"
A new playmate.
Vision sighs again and massages the spot around the stone as he talks to Tony. "That, I do not know. However, I do believe that whatever it is, it is coming closer."
"He is a myth! A bedtime story to make kids not wander off alone at night!" He should know. The only story his father had ever told him was the one about Slenderman. He got a kick out of seeing Tony run screaming whenever someone pale and in a black suit with a red tie came at him. There was even one time that he had thought that he had seen him watching one night. Tony had been coming back inside after finding his ball, when he had felt that something was watching him. He had turned around slowly. There, in the woods. Halfway behind a tree, was Slenderman. He had screamed and ran. He couldn't hear it, but he knew that it was following him. He knew that as soon as he looked behind him, he would be
The Hunter cut him off. "You didn't see a little
way to ask for help- So I
A wretched noise could be heard throughout the barren base that the Titan Lord called home.
Steve gasps and stands. "You talk!"
Steve turns to look at the fox and raises an eyebrow at him and smirks. "Your welcome!"
But not just that, Tony could hear trees whispering in the wind. His bones creaked as he started to sit up. It was a hard landing and he would have been worse off if it hadn't been for Cap wrapping his body around him right before they hit the ground.
He's really going to have to do it now. He fucking loves those movies...
Tony blinked, "Wait, wasn't that chair right side up just a minute ago?"
Creating this chapter I was listening to some FNAF 4 songs. The title of the chapter came from one of them; Break My Mind by DA Games, and The Final Chapter by Typhoon Cinema. They're really good and creepy! Just look for them on Youtube!
Coulson turned around to hide the small grin that appeared on his face. "Already decided sir."
They were all back.
Steve stared at him. "-And you DID?"
Two of the hounds began sniffing at the basket. Steve nervously glanced back at them, mentally screaming for them to turn away. "The only pot I own is for boiling
The mark is still there, and so is the bulge of questionable life in his abdomen.
"Because you can talk?"
Tony grabs Steve's arm, stopping him from frantically looking inside of the truck. "Steve? What's wrong?"
You weren't kidding about your customers." He makes a grossed out face. For a fox, he sure did have a really expressive face...
Tony blinks, not wanting to think about the worst-case scenario. "To who? Or what?"
Oh, yes.
Tony pouted and wiped his face as he groaned and fell back into the cushions of the couch that took up most of the livingroom. "Rhodey bein able to wak would be nish. Oh, and for this fukn brand on my tung to stop
The others must have realized this too because they all huddled back into a group again.
Bruce walks up to the two slowly. "There's one more thing..." Tony looks up at him inquiringly. He takes off his glasses and looks down. "When we found you, we found strange... tattoo on your tongue."
Dickory...
. His favorite catch. His one and only prized possession.
Tony was back in Slenderman's Woods.
Thanos nervously takes a step back. "I know, I know. You're much too powerful for that, so- AHHHHHHH!!!!"
Tony had silent tears streaming down his face as he spoke to Vision. "I-I just don g-get it! Stev didn even
"So, my favorite book is Fool Moon. Harry was so badass turning into a werewolf! And he set his differences with Marcone aside and saved him, along with everyone else." Steve stated a-matter-of-factly.
Tony shook his head. "No, no. That can't possible be."
Stark was just passing the large and twisted tree, the one they had found a page on, before freezing dead in his tracks.
HA HE HA HEH E-
Natasha looked a little thoughtful. "I've always wanted to visit England without having to kill anyone." The others shared a look.
"That's all fine and dandy, but that still doesn't bring Bruce back." Clint grunted from under Coulson's arm.
The jet was a ways away, wrapped around some broken trees. Guess flying back out of here wasn't an option. Walking sucked.
The mechanical mouse ran up the clock
He was watching a violent action movie in a drunken stupor, but on his way back from getting more scotch, the movie had ended and only static was coming through.
"Tony? What's wrong?" She had bent down and picked him up as he barreled into her arms, sobbing. "You're so pale and cold! Shh, it's alright, mommy's got you. Tony looked up one last time and saw... nothing. Slenderman was gone.
No doubt about it.
His tentacles were unevenly lobbed off and some were dragging on the ground, leaving a black, poisonous trail of pus and blood. His usually pristine suit was torn and ripped in several places and dirtied. His broken maw was wide open and hanging at an odd angle, leaving blood and cobwebs to ooze out and dribble down the side of his neck. His abnormally long limbs were bent at sickening angles. Slender Man was even more terrifying than ever before...
Tony had a feeling that their time was almost up.
... and their
Natasha's vanished into thin air.
Loki stared at the parting of trees the two had headed off in before turning away with a dismayed huff. "Well, they're dead."
He was heading to the local river to wash his customer's clothes when he heard rustling from the bushes to his right. "H-hello? Is someone in there?" There was no answer. Steve opened his mouth to call out once more, but an explosion of leaves, twigs, and red fur burst forth before he could so much as utter a sound.
"That's totally fine with us, just let us get out of here..." Tony grumbles.
Other than that, everything has been normal for the most part. And for the most part, he means that the occasional ache that the brand on his tongue give him is creepy and annoying as hell! Stupid pale, lanky monsters with superiority complexes.
"TONY!!" Steve screams as Tony finally comes to, coughing violently. Steve squeezes him tightly, sobbing. "I-I saw you f-fall! When I checked you, you-you weren't breathing! I thought that you we-were dead!" Tony squeezes Steve back, just as fiercely. After a long while, he looks around.
What they did find was a page on the backside of the shed.
Tony glares at the piece of shiny paper, "No shit." He spits out and turns to go back.
Kill this, kill that.
"It is a creature that should not exist. An entity of the night. A dark but white assassin. He is called, the Slenderman." Loki looked grave.
They all get roused from their thoughts when they see another shiny page on... a giant red... rusty... dick?
Thanos straightens up and gives the telekinetic a slight smile. "Of course. What is it?"
"Well," Tony started cheerfully, "we're fucked." Though his cheerfulness was so fake.
He can only hear a buzzing that's continuing to grow louder.
The only thing that's alleviating some of the creep factor is trading favorite parts in the Harry Dresden series with Steve.
After a few hours of needless socializing (which was mandatory according to Pepper...), Tony escaped to one of the closed off hallways that was barred by a red velvet rope. He ducked under the rope and proceeded down the hallway full of unseen art. What? He's the CEO, he does what he wants. As the genius walked, he admired the different art pieces.
Thanos stood up slowly, "My absent assassin! You were gone awhile! I had almost let myself think that you were vanquished!"
No one wanted to enter the suspicious building, but they needed those pages.
The page glitters in the moonlight that reads;
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was starting to hate these creepy woods more and more.
He's breathing hard.
"Stark, report." Fury's voice barked through the comms.
"Vacation? Wha-"
Hickory...
Slender had had enough and lunged, screaming out a promise, "
Damn. It was almost impossible to say no to those eyes. And even though he has said no before, he relents.
Look Tony,
Tony wakes up in bed.
Everyone seemed to like that plan, so they set off to do just that.
The android was staying with him since he was feeling guilty for what happened to Rhodey, and the program that had helped to create him was still influencing his actions in a small way. "Indeed. I too find his actions rather distasteful."
They speed up. Four pages left with four people to get them. The clock is ticking.
Steve yelled out in fright and thrust his hands infront of himself as he fell backwards. As nothing happens, Steve looks down and before him stands a fox with brilliant red fur and a peculiar but perfectly round circle of white on his heaving chest. The fox looks up at him in panic. "Hide me! The
Pretty little green monster.
The figure opened it's mouth with what sounded like faint but loud whispers and bloodcurdling screaming sounding at the same time spilling from it.
It didn't work. All that came out was this strange static that came from the radio. Steve tried to bust down the door of the shed, but it was like the door was made out of titanium and wouldn't budge.
Fury stopped. "Wait a minute, 'we'? What do you mean 'we'?"
They're sitting ducks and there's nothing they can do about it.
Oh, you'll love our new toys Tony...
When they stepped out of the room they found the same chair on it's side on the floor.
Coulson could see the signs. He rarely ever saw them. That was why he never (almost never) let Clint get away with faking it.
In his haste, he ran into a statue that he had seen before. It was of a man reaching out to someone. But not anymore. Now, as Tony slowly turned around, the statue was of the dreaded creature too. And instead of reaching out in sorrow, it was frozen in mid leap, clawed hands almost completely around him. Tony screamed in terror as both of the hands slammed down and gripped his shoulders painfully. No matter what he did, he couldn't pry himself loose. The Slenderman statue slowly leaned down, stone creaking and crumbling along the way. There was blood and pus gushing from his slack jaws as well. The statue leaned forward and rubbed his head harshly against Tony's. He could even feel his horrifyingly cold breath creeping past his ear and down his collar and to his back. Tony shivered in disgust and fear. Then in a hauntingly soft voice, he heard Slenderman say something that made his heart stop. "
Vision comes back to an empty mansion, and Tony is nowhere to be found...
"Besides, I just
Clint walks around the tall obstruction. "I think it's a giant dildo."
"Oh, I'm sure it's not." Bruce says a little distractedly. He looks slightly pale too. And... is that static on his glasses?
Clint and Steve shared a look and shrugged.
Steve spoke up as well. "You were whining all day yesterday about having a 'much needed vacation.' I just don't think we have the time."
I'm so sorry for the long wait! I've had to do A LOT of classwork. Enjoy! ...
Tony looked back and forth between the two brothers. "Okay, what the fuck? Who the hell are you two talking about? What entity? Has it been following us this whole time?!" He jumped and looked around. He didn't see anything. Yet.
And without further ado, Slenderman rips Tony's clothes off and plunges into every crevice, relishing in Tony's screams of agony...
'...Reader beware, you're in for a scare!'
Everyone snapped they're heads towards Loki and glared.
Tony feels himself pale and begin to quiver. "W-what!? What do you mean 'your
to conclusns..."
The male intruder/alien is still wrestling with Vision as he shouts at him. "Give us the stone mortals!"
Crickets.
Thanos leans back in his necessarily large chair. "Ah yes, 'Slenderman'. He will become a problem if he finds out that I am not dead."
times... But
Tony then looks off to the side, and violently retches.
" Steve heaves out a great breath. That was close.
"All right, all right. Cap's with me, Big Guy's asleep in a little nest of rubble down 25th street, Black Widow and Hawkeye are headed this way."
customers! Now hush!"
Static is filling his vision.
power, and how does he repay him?! Slinking back like a wounded dog, begging to be taken back, to be given another chance. But then to attack when his back was turned! Of course he intercepted him, and was slowly beating him until he had fled to his little entourage.  He hadn't expected the pest to be able to weaken him so. That was why he was summoning his strongest assassin.
Tony, enthralled, stops and stares.
But before the arms could encase him in a ironclad embrace, a rather familiar shield slams into him, causing him to shoot out of the arms and heavy darkness.
"How the fuck would I know?" Clint retorted.
Just for yo~ou.
But, there was a page on it.
Steve nods as he bends down to pick up the strange creature. "Here- you can fit in my basket!
Fuck.
He'll find a use for him somehow.
They're dead.
Slender just keeps on creeping closer.
"Ugh... take your time, take your time." Tony groaned from under a collapsed wall. He started to push it off of him, but Steve picked it up the rest of the way and flung it off to the side.
Steve gave him a sheepish grin. "When JARVIS told me that it was one of your favorite series." Tony's heart beat faster. Steve was so cute sometimes.
That soon stopped when Loki snarled at them to keep their voices down. They didn't want to encourage the creature to take them faster.
fox and think to boil him up for your
Steve's brows furrowed. "Are you sure? You don't usually-"
Tony lurched backward and whipped his head around looking to see if there was someone nearby, dropping his half empty champagne glass in the process. No one was around. Tony breathed a sigh of relief, but then stopped. Why didn't he hear the champagne glass break? He glanced down and saw nothing. But that was impossible! How could the glass just disappear!? The engineer cautiously looks back toward the painting and feels the blood drain from his face. The painting was no longer of the Slender woods. All that could be seen was Slenderman's face and his gaping maw. The champagne glass was inside of the painting broken into jagged pieces and embedded into various parts of Slenderman's face and some in between his teeth and black tongue, causing black blood and pus to flood the rest of the painting and spill out of it. It dribbled down the wall and pooled on the white marble floors. Tony scrambled back with his hand pressed tightly against his mouth to prevent him from losing the champagne and meager snacks from earlier.
There were three Hunters in all and as they came to a stop infront of him, the Hunter in front glowered at the sickly man with thinly veiled disgust. "Boy. Have you seen a fox?"
Tony stood in the middle of the room and clapped his hands together. "Alrighty! You are all wondering why I've brought you all here. It's-"
Natasha rolled her eyes. "It might. This is a supernatural being. Meaning, collecting these pages just might be the ticket out of h-here." She stuttered that last part. But seeing that the rest of the group were too busy examining the new found page to notice. Tony did, but payed it no heed.
Before Tony could so much as move an inch, impossibly long and broken arms grabbed him and pulled him down     down         down                    down-
There where so many words for how bad this was.
Took pics from google and made this on Cheeseburger.com
"Tony!" Steve shouted. He had to get to him. If anything happened to Tony- He never finished the thought as another Doombot punched him in the gut. Steve hunched over gasping. The robot was about to hit him again but an arrow suddenly lodged itself into the side of it's head, making it melt. The bot twitched one last time before it fell. Steve looked over to the top of a building a block away and saw Clint. He nodded his head in thanks and took off to the building that fell on Tony. "Tony? Tony!" Steve yelled as he searched through the debris.
He he ha.
Slenderman creaks open his wide jaws to lick at his silver teeth, disturbing some of the black spittle and cobwebs hanging there. "
There weren't any words on it this time, just a couple of badly drawn trees and a man standing among them.
tops this encounter...
A monster.
Bruce has disappeared.
He wasn't sleeping...
A desolate Tony took another sloppy swig of booze before Vision had had enough and snatched the bottle away before tossing it into the trash, not before dumping the left over drink into the sink. "
"Alright enough mush, let's go." Clint shoved his way pass the two lovebirds. He wouldn't say, but he was getting scared.
Shit.
His tentacles have all been chopped off, black pus oozing from the lifeless figure.
Thanos nodded. "Yes, go kill that troublesome god and his little group. I trust that you will not fail."
~TBC...
Coulson walks up and smiles apologetically. "Sorry, but I've been kidnapped, gotten the shit scared out of me, and then tossed around for good measure. I called S.H.E.I.L.D. when the signal on my phone suddenly came back as soon as the monster died. They're ready for us, so we got to go." He nods to the rest of the team (plus Loki, who looks smug but beaten up and covered in black ooze), turns and walks down a path where he can see lights coming from the newly opened gate.
"What always watches and has no eyes?" Steve asked from beside Tony.
Poof!
Now didn't that make everyone feel all nice and cosey?
And they always run...
No...
Taken without a sound.
They had started walking along one of the paths leading away from where the first note was found. "We've been walking for about 15 minutes now and that drumming hasn't gotten quieter or stopped. What the hell?!" Tony shivered. This was getting creepier my the minute.
They had been stumbling around for about fifteen minutes when they come to a... brick plus sign? It looked like two brick walls had tried to preform intercourse, and failed horribly.
The ground was surging up fast.
Lead.
Steve rubbed his face while letting out a long-suffering sigh. "Tony-"
Vision seems to be fully recovered as he answers for Pepper. "The stone is calling out."
"Obviously. To both." Tony said as he picked himself up. "We really need a vacation."
The Hunter's hounds quickly surrounded Steve and the hidden fox.
He was poor, sickly, and had one too many brushes with death.
Tony worriedly steps forward, but thinks about it and backs up again. "What's going on? What's wrong with you?"
Natasha walks over and gingerly plucks the page off of the big red... thing. "Is this sanitary?"
Oh how wrong they were.
Coulson sighed and spread out his hands. "Look, if Tony doesn't get his way, well, you know what happens." That was a little wrong, but hey, Clint didn't know it (and never will) but he would do almost anything for him.
Her hair is like a flame that draws a moth in at night.
Very.
Vision sighs and straightens up, opening only one eye to look at the dark-skinned man. "Affirmative."
Fury was silent for a moment. Then he sat back with a deep disapproving frown. "Alright. But if this blows up in your faces, I'm blaming Tony."
"Either whoever is drumming is following us... or there is no drummer." Everyone whipped their heads to look at Thor. Loki had woken up and was reclining in Thor's arms stiffly. He had tried to escape at first, but the pain was to harsh. So he had stopped and stayed. "There is only one entity that makes this noise after a note is found. If I had woken up sooner, I would have warned you not to touch that foul page in the first place! Now you may have sealed our fate!"
later...
don't, somebody else
"Tony? Are you all right?" The super soldier was looking down at him in concern.
The engineer hugged himself and started trudging forward. "What the actual fuck? What am I doing here again!?"
that I could talk-"
Everyone started to freak out and began calling the stolen doctor.
The clock never ended
Tony trembles in horror as Slenderman cackles and licks the side of his neck sensually. He screams... but no one can hear him.
The pretty monster and the feisty flame...
Boring. Boring. BORING!!!
Tony struggles once more but it is futile. Slenderman has him right where he wants him. " Wait, wait, wait! What does that even fucking
Steve laughed. "Yeah. They have
At least Steve was in his element. Sort of. "Alright, what the fuck is this?!" Clint exclaimed as he grabbed a piece of paper from that tree Tony saw. There was some scratchy writing on some notebook paper that said something that made everyone nervous.
Thanos admires the soft purple and blue glow of the two infinity stones in his possession. Proxima and Corvus are some of his most talented, they won't fail him. The mad titan's ruminating gets interrupted by his second in command, Ebony Maw. "My lord, if I may have but a moment of your time?"
I͎͙̟̱̠ͣ̈́ͯͧ̀'͔̽̍̔M͈͈͇ͨ̇͌ ̰̆̀̄͒ͬ͌͠S͚̗̮̭̬̗̄͡T̶̮̿I͚̖̲ͩ͆̿̈̍͘Ḷ̻͓̥̥͓͌ͬ͋̂̅ͤ̑͜L̜̩̝͉͈͔͗ ̬̰̫̦̼̟͒ͫ̔̒ͬH̫̪̻ͫ͋ͦ̽ͪ͒̾Ĕ͚ͪ́R̵͖̗̠ͤE̴̟̜̖͐
"Now, now do you want to keep on yamering out here in the cold, or do you want to cuddle?" Tony raised an eyebrow, knowing which one he'll choose.
But before they could fly off, an agent a part of the cleanup crew trots over with a confused and spooked look on his face. "Sir! Sir, they're nothing there! Just some black substance on the ground!" Shouting in order to be heard over the copter blades.
to the right side of the page trailing downward.
SOON.
[...TBC?]
"Stark, the rest?"
There was a crude picture of a head with an 'X' for each eye between the two sentences. If you could call them that. Over all, this was creeping everybody out.
"Just don't okay? We've had a long day and I just want to go home, cuddle with you as I plan our vacation."
God does he want to.
Steve shakes his head. "I don't think so, we already knew that we needed eight pages, so how could they write one?"
"I don't know, you found it." Steve shrugged.
After the major freak out that Natasha's disappearance brought, they set off once again. There only hope was to find the rest of the pages. And if that doesn't work then... Well, no one wants to think about that possibility.
" The lithe creature's back creaks as he severely bends over Tony, who's sitting in his lap and they're both in some sort of black nest or cocoon, and lifts a hand to caress Tony's already swelling stomach. He also notices that he's still naked and thus sees the new mark that takes up the entirety of his arc reactor and a little bit outside of it. The mark is the same as the one on his tongue, it's black circle sits about two inches away from his arc reactor and the 'x' sits directly ontop of it and reaching a bit outwards from the circle. Tony jolts, trying to scratch the new mark off, but that only causes him even more excruciating pain. Slenderman tisks him and effortlessly restrains his hands. "
Excrusiating pain.
Then finally, finally the lead Hunter turns to the other two and grunts at them. "Back to the woods." As one, the Hunters turn and leave down the path, away from the relieved launderer, their hounds trailing after them.
[TBC...]
Bruce sighs and starts to clean his glasses. "We don't know. We think that the creature branded you somehow when it...
Loki tilted his head. "And why ever not? Sadly, he is as real as you and me."
The fox replied whilst still in the basket. "If
There, on his biceps, was an abnormally long fingered hand printed bruise on each arm.
I̠̘͋͋̉'̎͆Mͬ̾͐̑͟ ̱͕̱̭ͯ̚S̟̪̩ͥT̗̻́̊̈́͞Iͧͩ͗ͧ̾͛L͍̩̔͒̌ͩ̀͋͞Ḽ̮̤̞̪͚ ̹̼̯̮̥̲͑̋̌̐́H͈͚͓̲ͬ̔̈́È̓͑̽͐́ͤR̺̳̞̫̳̹̠̊ͣE̬͍ͮ͋
They cautiously entered the building and found dirty cracked tiles and a creepy looking chair sitting upright across the hall from them.
"What the fuck!?" Tony, Clint, Steve, and surprisingly, Loki.
The launderer hummed as he thought, but was jerked backwards as the basket suddenly became even more heavy. "HEY!" Steve yelled out as he fell backwards. "Wha-" He turned around and saw something very shocking...
" He croons into Tony's ear, causing the quickly sobering man to shudder in his grasp.
Agent Hill stood infront of his desk. "It's the avengers sir. Stark's jet crash landed in an unknown area in London. Ms. Potts informs me that Stark's suit has been destroyed and the tracking device inside of Stark isn't acting right."
Thanos rests his chin on his bare fist, thinking intently. If he was going to defeat Slenderman, he would at least need the reality stone, and last he heard, it was on Knowhere with the collector. He types in the coordinates into the ship's system and leans back in his throne-like seat. Soon, the whole universe will be balanced...
"No, I'm pretty sure Sirius was Harry Potter's dogfather." Steve smirks at Tony as he gapes at the other man. Then he bursts out in loud guffaws.
The engineer shook his head to clear it of the haziness that was still lingering. "Fine! I'm fine! Just, you know, the usual nightmares..."
When they reach Fury standing next to a helicopter, he beckons them inside. "I'll have the cleanup crew pick up the corpse."
The basket gives a twitch as the fox's muffled voice reaches the trembling man's ears. "Are they gone?"
Slender just chuckles at him, hugging him around the waist and
They've been chasing me for DAYS."
"Well, then I guess we try not to look at it then. Hopefully, we wont need to." Loki spoke up. They all knew that that was unlikely.
Tony nods and make a horrendous mistake.
The fox's face darkens. "
Slender purrs and nuzzles Tony's cheek, ignoring his weak attempts to jerk away. "
Everyone seemed to agree.
The engineer looks at Steve. "What the hell happened?" He croaks out.
What he had not known however, was that there was already someone there. Someone he had hunted and let go unharmed.
Thor nods. "My brother has come to a good conclusion. We need to find this creature's weakness, acquire all of the pages, find the man of anger, and escape."
Bruce and Natasha just shook their heads and kept on walking.
It was only when he had turned fifteen that he had made himself believe that there was no Slenderman. That it was just a bad dream. But to hear that it was supposed to be here with them. In these very woods. Close enough for them to hear it's hunting call. It was all he could do not to run screaming and brave the electric fence.
And that brings up the problem with all of the electronics. For some reason, whenever somebody turned on their phone or tablet, the screen started to fuzz. Electronic devices are now checked off of the list of ways for outside help. Guess they had to do this the traditional way. Check out the area on foot and try to find something to help them find a way out.
Tony just wants to sleep. He doesn't want to wake up ever again. From the corner of his eye, he could just make out two impossibly long arms reaching out to him, beckoning him closer.
Tony thought for a minute, “Okay, we’ll just explain that now, before the movie, to the team. They’ll understand. Me and Steve will talk to Peter tomorrow morning. He doesn’t need anything to worry about tonight.” Natasha nodded and they walked over to the rest of the group.
Hey guys! i am so sorry i haven’t updated this story in so long. i haven’t had much inspiration and now i’m back to school and it’s gonna be a busy year. i will keep writing this story but chapters will be few and far between. hopefully i’ll get my act together soon and start updating regularly.
"Yes, boss." A dialling tone played through the lab speakers.
“Slow down, tiger. Are you sure you’re ready for that?” Tony asked, gently.
Thanks for reading <3 point out any mistakes to me so I can fix them please!
“Really.”
"Hello?"
“Like, my own F.R.I.D.A.Y?”
Ross levelled his pistol with Peter’s forehead.
Thanks sooo much for reading. The next ones gonna be rough, I’m not going to lie to you, it’s gonna be hard to write but hopefully it will be done soon!
“Oh my god, really? Can I go out today?”
“I like you too. A lot.” Steve was sincere and he did really want to help Tony and Peter in every way he could. The war veteran gave in to what his heart was begging him to do. He leaned in close to Tony and their lips connected.
“What’s the plan?”
Helen thought about it for a minute, “Keep him in a wheelchair. His stab wounds are still healing up. Don’t eat to much, Mr Parker, or you’ll throw it all up. I’ll be on hand if I’m needed. Just be smart, and it should be fine.” Helen smiles at Peter,
“Got any answers for me yet, Pete?”
Only a select few noticed Thaddeus Ross leaving.
"Ah, he's woken up. Good." Ross gave a shark-like smile. Barton audibly growled whilst Wanda's eyes flickered red before her collar made a hissing sound and her eyes went back to normal.
"I need your help. Please."
"What!?" Tony said, panic rising in his chest. "Call him!"
Peter agreed to the philanthropist’s terms and ran off to get into his suit.
On my update chapter i deleted, i answered a question but its been deleted so just in case you missed my reply, Emmmmie: "Hey! So fingernails are funny things and take like a stupidly long time to grow, so they are growing back but they’re not fully back yet"
--------------------------------------------
Enjoy!
“Fri! Should I wake him up?!” Tony asked, voice frantic.
“It’s quite simple, Peter. You see, the Avengers aren’t good enough anymore. They’re uncontrollable. Even with the accords. So I’m gonna make a new super group. Completely under the government’s...well, my control.” He paced the room and told his plans enthusiastically.
Point out mistakes to me please! <3
“See, me and Wanda aren’t the only ones!” Steve said, whilst he sat in the sat on Peters right. Tony lowered himself into the chair on Peter’s left.
"OPEN UP!" Someone yelled through the door. Peter began to panic. Who could it be?
"Fuck it, answer."
—————————————————
“Never.”
“Sure, kid. Take a picture of him and we’ll use that. I doubt he’ll stay in one pose for long enough to paint him.” Steve chuckled, reaching over to stroke the kitten’s thick fur.
Clint was mad. He wouldn’t just stand idly by whilst a kid was given nothing to eat. The boy had already missed them come in for breakfast because he was out with Ross. Clint snarled and he heard the familiar hum of Wanda’s powers being stimulated followed by a hiss of pain. At the same time they both picked up their trays and threw them at the glass wall in from of them. Scott and Sam quickly followed their lead.
“Wait a minute! Before we start me and Tony just need to lay something out.” Natasha interrupted. She turned to Tony.
“Cmon, let’s get out of here.” The genius tapped a button on his watch and all the barriers lifted so that the rogues could get out. “The quinjets on the roof.”
2 rescue breaths.
When they arrived, a medical ventilator was attached to Peter’s mouth and nose. He was hooked up to a heart monitor and an IV.
Anyway, enjoy <3
“Any powers?”
“Alright then. You get some sleep then and remember I’m just down the hall if you need me.”
“F.R.I.D.A.Y, where is Peter?”
Peter cuddled up close to Wanda for the first time with no wall between them. She put an arm around his shoulders. Vision held her other hand. He patted Clint on the shoulder. Clint smiled up at Vision while he nudged Natasha playfully.  Natasha shoved him in return and twisted so her legs were resting on Clint’s and her back was in Sam’s bean bag. Sam grinned down at her and pulled Scott’s bean bag closer to his. Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder and looked around at his team. They were all from different backgrounds, had been through different things and yet here they were, stronger than ever, in his opinion. They had been torn away from each other but none of that mattered because they were all together again, holding each other close.
Wanda didn’t want to imagine what Ross was going to do to him.
“What?! You can’t call her ‘Nat’ and me ‘Mr Stark’! One, I’ve known you longer and, two, it makes me feel old!”
Sometimes, Peter would still shut himself away in his room. Tony would sit outside the room with Steve and listen to him cry. They would try to go in the room but Peter would lock the door so they knew they weren’t welcome. When he would eventually open the door, he would act like he was fine. He would wash his face before coming out to mask his pain but his smile would never meet his eyes. He missed his Aunt May and Tony was trying to help but there was only so much he could do. So Tony called on his fellow avengers to help him get Peter to share some of his emotions.
“Uh, only some stuff from watching Bob Ross.” Peter replied.
5 rescue breaths.
Enjoy <3
“You’re really talented, Ms Romanoff.” Peter commented.
⚠️WARNING: torture⚠️
Thanks for reading <3
“That sounds cool.” Peter said, not looking up from his work.
Clint rushed forward, thoughts flying through his mind at a mile a minute. He took a deep breath to steady himself and then did what he had been trained to do on every first aid day at shield. He started CPR, desperate to save this poor child.
“Look, Parker, I don’t have much time left. So neither do you.”
I hope you're all staying safe. Have you drunk enough water today? I hope you have. Anyway, leave me a comment they make me so happy and give me the motivation to write the next chapter.
———————————————————-
They had stayed in the same position, hugging each other tight, for longer than they could keep track of. Neither wanted to lose each other again, but they had work to do.
Tony stormed from the room. Steve quickly followed him.
The guard had come forward, undid the bonds and grabbed the blubbering child by his shirt. Peter was thrown into Scott’s cell, followed by a first aid kit. Scott looked confused, and then horrified by the gruesome mess of Peter’s thigh.
(See the end of the chapter for
The group finished up the pizza and began slowly migrating over towards the TV.
And then Clint heard a spluttering cough. And then breathing. Small and shaky. But Peter was breathing.
The Quinjet landed lightly on the tarmac. The black panels reflected the sun. The door opened and the stairs slid down.
Peter’s birthday arrived. He hadn’t properly celebrated it since Ben had died. Celebrations like birthdays had become bittersweet. They weren’t the same without his uncle and this year it was even worse. He didn’t have his aunt, or anyone, to cuddle and, well, cry with. He wanted May so bad he could hardly breathe. Which was becoming a normal occurrence for him. May Parker was his pillar of strength and stability. Being away from her for so long made him feel like his world was falling apart.
Tony Stark pulled the flip phone from out under his pillow and called the number.
“Guys, I think he’s really ill...” Scott told the others. Peter was feverish and sweating uncontrollably, so the older avenger removed his long-sleeved shirt.
First, Clint was asked to talk to the teenager. Barton had become very protective over the Spider-Child since having to give him CPR.
“No problem, Mr Parker.”
"Just a little vacation from your unlawful spider-themed hobby." Peter's eyes widened, how had they found out? A look of realisation dawned on Clint's worn features
The group laughed.
Bean scampered into the room and planted himself on Peter’s stomach, purring softly. Peter wrapped his arms protectively around the small kitten and whispered his affection into Bean’s relaxed ears. Parker lifted Bean carefully and trudged off to his room. He was emotionally exhausted, but he felt relieved after letting Wanda and Sam past his walls and given them a glimpse into his pain. Once he was in his room, had laid Bean in his fluffy blanket of a bed and gotten into his pyjamas, Tony arrived to say goodnight to Peter.
Ross looked downright crazed. His eyes were wide and he was holding a semi-automatic pistol. And he looked ready to fire it.
Clint thought for a moment and then spoke up, “You know what my dad used to say to me when I told him I was fine when I very clearly wasn’t? That fine stands for fucked up, insecure, nervous and emotional.”
“That’s okay, kid, we’ll help you. Y’know Wilson? He helps soldiers who have come back from war talk about
Hey, thanks for enjoying the first chapter enough to read this!
He got back to his apartment to the familiar smell of Aunt May burning dinner. He'd perfected pretending to enjoy her cooking. He got changed quickly and climbed on the ceiling to the front door. He opened and shut the door.
