Natasha held up the cat, staring into her face, eyes calculating.
“I’m fine,” Johnny insisted. “Peter matters more.”
“Hey Ari.”
“Easy,” Steve replied, and he didn’t even sound out of breath, the bastard. “My husband’s been deployed for over five months now. And that is a
“Yeah, I know. It’s just, she’s not just the CEO, she’s my ex and…”
Then Stark jumped out of the Medevac, jogging to get under the overhang and out of the driving rain, and Steve sprinted forward. Scott’s eyebrows flew up as Steve embraced Stark. They were talking but distance and the rain made it impossible to hear what they were saying. Steve had his back to them, but Scott could see Stark’s face and his expression was soft and adoring as he looked up at Steve. Then he cupped Steve’s cheek with his palm, saying something inaudible, and Steve clearly leaned into the touch.
“Please,” Steve raised his eyebrows. “I’m way too much of an asshole to do that.”
“Hey Cap, it’s Tony. Stark. Obviously,” the message began. “If you don’t know who I am by now then frankly, I’m insulted. Anyway. So listen, I have a proposition for you. No, not like that. I don’t know if you were thinking that but apparently people get the wrong idea when you tell them you have a proposition for them. Or maybe they just get the wrong idea when I say it? Whatever. Who knows. I have a proposition for you: there’s a room in Stark Tower with your name on it if you want it. Well, really it’s more of an apartment. Or floor. Am I babbling? Pepper says I tend to babble on voicemail so I usually just don’t bother but I didn’t know if- You know what? I am. I’m babbling. So yeah. If you want to get out of your SHIELD digs, there’s space in the Tower for you. Bruce is already moved in and Clint has all but agreed but I’m working on him - not like that! - and I think if you agreed then our spider-woman’ll be onboard too. So yeah. That’s it. Bye, Cap.”
He’d agreed to join the rest of the team for dinner.
Tony wanted to resist, but he trusted Steve, so he closed his eyes, leaning into the warmth of Steve’s body as he listened to the soothing rumble of his voice telling a story about teenage Steve, Peggy and a “borrowed” motorcycle. He fought against the encroaching sleep, trying to stay awake to fend off the nightmares, but it grew harder and harder.
He buried his face into the pillow again with a strangled scream, his hips rutting against the bed.
“You got
“Bye,” Tony called as Steve climbed out of the car.
“Thanks,” Tony nodded. “You too.”
“So, it looks like you managed to turn things around?” Natasha said.
“Pfft, minor detail.”
Steve pushed himself up onto one elbow so he could look Tony in the eye.
“It’s fetus in fetu,” Clint explained. “You were originally a twin, but your twin didn’t develop. But it stayed alive inside your body, in a tumour-like form.”
Well, maybe.
“Oh, hot,” Tony smirked.
“So bossy,” Tony clucked, cuffing Steve on the thigh.
“Yeah. I mean, it’s not so bad right now because I’m at work and the kids have school, but once vacation starts it’s gonna suck with all five of us in there and no AC.”
He could remember very clearly the last time he’d tried to organise his thoughts by writing music. Five, nearly six years ago now.
Plus it would draw unnecessary attention to them.
“Hey, Tony?” Steve called, pushing open the door to the workshop with his foot while Ellie babbled in his ear.
“Found it,” Steve called as he re-entered the house. Dropping down by the edge of the pool, he pulled his phone out of the pocket of his board shorts and handed it over to Tony. “I thought it looked like it’s all connected up. What do you think?”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, squeezing Steve’s knee with his free hand.
“That might not work for us,” Steve finished.
His class dissolved into whispers as he put the flowers down on his desk. There was a card, he realised, tucked in an envelope, sitting in the middle of the bunch. Steve plucked it from the bunch, flicking open the envelope and pulling out the card.
“Alright, I better go play nice with the paparazzi and make a statement,” Bucky sighed. “Unless you want to…?”
He unbuttoned Steve’s jeans, pulling them and his boxers down to his thighs with one hand, while cracking open the lube with the other. Drizzling the lube onto his hand, Tony stroked Steve’s dick, watching Steve jerk up into Tony’s hand. He jerked him off for a few minutes, before pulling Steve’s jeans and boxers off completely.
“I joined the Army. Let me take a look at that wrist.”
“You would deny a mer salmon? Your cruelty knows no bounds, Steve.”
“No, it’s not,” he murmured to himself.
“Ready,” Steve nodded, ignoring the flurry of butterflies in his stomach.
Steve grabbed a pillow and buried his face into it as Tony pushed in slowly, muffling his groans. Once he was fully sheathed in Steve’s body, Tony paused, letting his head hang between his shoulders and gasping for breath. It didn’t matter how many times they did this; he would never be used to the heady feeling of making love to his husband. Sparks danced at the base of his spine and it took everything he had not to move before Steve had a chance to adjust.
“Wanna help me take this stuff downstairs?” Steve added.
“Thanks.”
“Uh, yeah?”
Steve laced his fingers with Tony’s in the car ride from the apartment to the courthouse. They sat in silence, both wrapped up in their own thoughts, but Tony’s thumb ran back and forth along the edge of Steve’s hand. It was soothing, giving Steve something to focus on to avoid getting lost in his head.
“It’s not my fault! Steve’s sick, he has the flu. I gotta take care of him.”
“Yes, um, do you want to go ahead with the Expo next year because the deadline for applications for permits and everything is tomorrow?”
His eyes swept over Tony automatically and he flushed, trying to to think about the other reason why he felt so good today. He really didn’t want Tony to notice and ask why he was red, because explaining
An urge to turn around, get back in the car and go home came over Tony. In theory, it would be easy. In reality, it would result in thousands of pictures from the paparazzi outside and instant headlines questioning why he chose to leave as soon as he arrived, then Fury would yell at him, which meant Bucky would have to yell at him. And if Bucky yelled at him, then Pepper would yell at him, and Tony was tired of people yelling at him.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded. “I have you.”
He leaned in and kissed Steve slowly, winding his fingers into his hair and pouring everything he felt into the kiss.
“You know, my ma used to say that self praise is no honour,” he teased.
“Bye Tony,” he waved.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony beamed at her.
“Alright,” Steve replied, pulling on his white Converse. “Meet you downstairs.”
“Is this- I- What- Uh. Maybe you should talk?” Tony chuckled wryly, sweeping his thumb over Steve’s cheek.
This is the chapter I most looked forward to writing and there was a certain scene I had in my head from the very beginning of thinking about this fic.
“Yes, it was,” Steve said. “I’ve been trying - failing - to deal with some stuff and I took it out on you.”
Bucky shrugged, throwing himself down onto the couch by the window, kicking his feet up onto the table and crossing them at the ankles.
“What is happening?” Scott exclaimed.
“If we had a baby,” Tony replied.
He couldn’t. He just… couldn’t. Not today.
“Jerk,” Steve replied automatically before hanging up.
“How far is it to DC?” Tony asked, turning onto the freeway.
There was something going on with Clint. Of that Tony was certain. He just had to figure it out.
“I told him my nose was itchy,” Steve shrugged. “I annoyed him into helping me and when he came close enough, I knocked him out. I took his gun and his glasses and I made my way through the boat until I met Tony in the Iron Man suit.”
“You know, if I was a hypocrite, I’d be telling you that you should be in medical right now,” Steve murmured.
When he did, Steve only managed a quick sip of his vodka before Tony’s hand slipped down his arm and curled their fingers together, tugging Steve out of the booth and towards the dance floor.
“Hard no,” Steve shook his head vehemently.
“You are so beautiful, Steve. So unbelievably beautiful. I’d say you look like something out of my wildest dreams, but not even my brain could’ve created something as perfect as you.”
“Good luck,” Tony said.
Tony nodded.
“Guess this is it, huh?”
“Nat?”
“So, what’s the plan, boss?” Tony asked, his tail flicking lazily through the water.
Tony caught his lips in a messy kiss and Steve came, his muscles seizing. When the roaring in his ears faded, Steve realised Tony had rolled him onto his back. Tony was above him, pupils blown as he chased his own orgasm. Stretching up, Steve sucked a mark onto his collarbone, letting his fingers dance over Tony’s chest as he worried the skin with his teeth.
“Yeah, shrapnel three months ago,” Tony panted.
“Alright, Tony Stark has joined Make-a-Match.com," Foggy announced. “You should download the app.”
“Given my… personal history, would it be possible to get someone else on this? I don’t think I can be objective,” he admitted.
“I don’t know how you found out about our mutual friend,” Stane continued, “But I knew there was something… fishy about you when you showed up at the party. A suspicion you confirmed when you turned up in my office with Sharon. Shame you involved her in all this. Now she has to die too.”
“Tony?” Steve frowned. “What are you doing here?”
“Our usuals, Josie. And I think we’re gonna want wings, too,” he added, remembering Bucky’s words in the lab.
“Painfully awkward.”
The pieces fell into place in quick succession: Stane would try to remove Tony legally, but if that failed, he would expose Howard and Maria for the monsters they were and have Tony thrown in a tank at SeaWorld, all so he could keep the power he’d grown accustomed to.
“I could always build you a suit?” he offered.
Tony swallowed the taste of bile in his throat and tried to concentrate on not throwing up as Ivan and his posse approached.
“You okay?” Tony asked quietly.
And he hated feeling powerless.
“I would’ve noticed if someone locked the door,” Steve said quietly. “Tonight. I would’ve noticed.”
“Blow me?” he gasped.
“Scott, can you tell her lawyer friend that she’s okay?” Dr. Romanoff asked. “Steve, since she’s still out, let’s keep her on high-flow oxygen?”
“Probably,” Tony murmured, closing his eyes as the familiar hum of the landing gear filled the jet. “Or too late. One of the two.”
He flounced away from them, flipping them off over his shoulder when he heard Rhodey and Steve’s laughter. As he crossed the room, he caught sight of Angie and Ari - who was wearing a hideous Hanukkah jumper that made Tony do a double take when he first saw it on his usually impeccably dressed assistant - deep in conversation in the corner of the room, no doubt discussing their shared love of theatre again, and narrowly avoided being run over by Zoey and Evie Rose.
With that, he slipped back into the water and vanished, leaving Steve with his guilt. Tony didn’t reappear for more than an hour, and when he did, he pointedly ignored Steve and instead sharpened his knife against the edge of the pool.
“Holy shit, are they cutting into the car while Tony’s on it?” Steve exclaimed. “What the fuck?”
“Definitely,” Tony agreed. “I mean, talking to you is basically the highlight of my day.”
Ari spun around, looking hopeful. “Mr Rogers, is Mr Stark here?”
Bucky put his fingers in his mouth and whistled, drawing every head in the room.
“Isn’t that paying him off?” Steve frowned.
(You know, the things that SHIELD had said would be a problem not just for Tony, but for the whole world when they told him to keep his designation and Ellie a secret from the world.)
“What did you do?”
A grin spread slowly across Steve’s face, growing when Tony scowled and added, “Don’t ruin it, Rogers,” before diving back underwater.
He stepped out of the elevator, tugging Steve behind him. “That’s Bucky’s apartment,” Tony explained. “We decided letting Barton live on the same floor as the kitchen was a bad plan.”
“Oh yeah, you’re a dead man,” Daniel agreed.
“Oh, I intend to,” Sandy chuckled. “Three weeks in Florida sounds great right about now, even if it does mean putting up with my father-in-law. What about you? Heading off somewhere exotic?”
“It’s fine,” Tony replied. “That’s what friends do. They get caught up in your crazy fights with pseudo-Russian mobsters.”
“Tony, I…”
Natasha tried to turn her attention back to the pile of paperwork that was taunting her and laughing, but her mind kept wandering to what she had mentally christened the Thing. The Thing first popped into her head a few days ago, but after going to Sharon’s latest scan with her this morning, the Thing had returned with full force and refused to leave her alone.
“Thanks,” Steve said gratefully.
“Why doesn’t Tony Stark just walk in and ask Stane himself?”
“Bastard,” Bucky muttered.
“Steve, Tony,” Bucky nodded. “God, I hate these monkey suits. Reminds me of when I was in the USO. How are you two doing?”
A good point. Angie worked late on Thursdays, already working on the Christmas show, which translated as battling with the teachers who’d been at the school since Steve and Angie were teenagers in an attempt to convince them to put on a more modern production.
Tony slicked up his cock then held it steady as Steve sank down onto him. As always, the feeling of Steve surrounding him left him breathless. Tony gulped, his skin prickling as Steve settled his ass against Tony’s hips.
The window into the pool was no longer covered in weeds and dirt, but Tony was nowhere in sight. His jaw clenched in determination, Steve began to search, rummaging through the stacks of paper for evidence of the theory which had been formulating in his mind all morning.
“What?” Clint exclaimed, throwing his hands. “Why are you all hating on my beard? Bruce: beard, yes or no?”
But Hank was adamant: no tests for anyone who couldn’t pay for them. He’d made the decree and the techs were all onboard. More or less. Because in a hospital, what the administrators didn’t know, didn’t hurt them. And that was the theory upon which Clint was choosing to operate.
SPOILERY WARNING: effects of poor parenting on mental health
“Yes,” Steve replied warily. He’d seen enough of Peggy’s trials to know that defence lawyers weren’t interested in being the witnesses’ friends, nor did they care who they trampled on to ensure their client was acquitted.
“You fucking bastard,” Steve breathed.
“She sounds pretty cool,” Tony grinned.
“I broke up with him because I knew I had feelings for Tony and it wasn’t fair,” Steve explained without looking up. “Tony and I discussed it. We agreed we’d give it time.”
“Yes. You’re Tony.”
Tony closed his eyes, feeling his breath catch as their lips touched. Kissing Steve felt like nothing else in the world, except maybe flying. They both left him feeling light-headed and weightless and completely breathless.
“You are a beautiful dancer,” she declared. “Do you know how to rhumba?”
“Tony Stark,” Sharon explained and Steve’s heart did a stupid little leap. “He never comes to these things. He never comes to anything.”
“Nefaria was right about something,” Tony said quietly. When Steve looked up in surprise, Tony ran his fingers down the side of his face. “Maybe we are made for each other.”
“Alright, alright,” Steve grinned. “Well, obviously, you’re incredibly modest.”
“Does it count if you work from home?” Tony asked.
“I am Iron Man,” Tony interrupted.
Steve nodded, drawing a shaky breath, and tugged Tony back down. Tony laved and sucked at his other nipple until Steve was trembling below him, one hand fisted in Tony’s hair, his grip just on the right side of painful.
he was standing there, right?
Finally, finally, Tony closed the gap between them, kissing him slowly, deeply, his knuckles brushing against Steve’s dick through his slacks. Steve’s breath caught, and he had to bite back the groan inching its way up his throat. It was only the knowledge that Happy was in the front seat which stopped him from throwing himself at Tony.
“Yeah. That’s the one,” Bucky nodded absently.
“We have,” the foreman nodded.
“A drug lord. A great role model,” he drawled.
, a little voice whispered in his head.
He’d matched with
The crowd clapped and cheered, and there were even a couple of whistles, which made Steve jump. He glared at them all. Why was Stane talking about Tony as though he knew him? And all those comments implying Tony didn’t care about the Stark employees, or was actively fighting against Stane? The only thing Tony was fighting for was to stay alive.
“Yeah, I’m great. I’ll see you this afternoon.”
“What are the Dreadnoughts?”
“The thing is, you don’t have to,” Bucky replied. “I’m with you to the end of the line, pal. And if that means beating the shit out of your asshole dad, well, I’m game.”
“Ew, not in front of the baby,” Angie called.
Natasha returned her smile before ducking out of the room. One of the pitfalls of working in the ER was the knowledge that as a doctor, she rarely got to see the end of a patient’s story. But something told her that Happy Hogan was going to be one she followed. This was one story that she wanted to have a happy ending.
“Yeah,” Evie Rose nodded, playing with the zipper of Tony’s jumpsuit.
“Hey. Good luck, man,” Wade added with uncharacteristic seriousness.
“You look like a porcupine,” Steve giggled, the sweat making Tony’s hair stick up in all directions.
“What’s this, Ellie?” Steve murmured, drawing her attention back to the box.
Ellie studied the necklace, her little face full of concentration as she turned it over in her hands before holding it up for Steve to see.
She slammed down her pen with a muffled growl.
Hauling himself off of the sofa, he padded through to his bedroom which, in all honesty, looked like an extension of his sofa-nest. He should probably feel guilty about that.
“I know. I’m just… The hurt is fading and now I’m just mad at him.”
“Got it?” Tony asked.
“So? Not that unusual,” Tony replied, picking up his jacket from the bed and slipping it on.
“No,” Tony scoffed. “Maybe a little.” He pursed his lips. “I just wish there was something more we could do to help.”
“Yeah, I’m in a
“That sucks.”
Tony chuckled; the noise low and throaty and going straight to Steve’s dick. “That would’ve made one hell of a first impression on my first night.”
Bruce followed Dr. Romanoff out of the room. Once in the corridor, she turned to him, smiling proudly. “Good job.”
“Steve, please,” Tony gasped, wrapping his hand around his own dick. “Come on.”
Natasha hung up and tapped her phone absently against her lip.
“Yeah, you are,” Bruce smiled. “I gotta say, I like this version of you a lot better. The dark brooding one was very hot, but this guy, I like this guy.”
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitched upward and he gave Tony a sympathetic smile. He found himself getting lost in Tony’s eyes; the bright sparkling blue contrasting with the rich gold-flecked brown, and Steve wasn’t sure which one was his favourite. They were beautiful, Tony’s eyes, and so expressive.
“No money, no building,” Clint replied. “Bro.”
“They’re… children,” Steve laughed.
He raised an eyebrow, staring Sandy down and watched as he shrank under Steve’s glare.
“Bye.”
“I’m going to get that knife out of there and stitch you up before you know what’s happening,” Tony assured him. “You make a habit of getting stabbed during fights?”
A quiet
Whenever he said he liked Christmas, people made the assumption Tony liked the trappings of Christmas. And while he enjoyed the decorations - he’d always been a bit of a magpie when it came to bright and sparkly things - most of the traditionally “Christmas” things he could do without.
“Hey punk. Whatcha doing?”
Since his mouth was still full of toothpaste, Tony simply reached up, scratching his nails lightly against the back of Steve’s neck.
“Mr Stark,” Angie smirked. “Good luck in DC, you two.”
“Stand down!” a male voice shouted. “You are being taken in for questioning on suspicion of terrorism.”
“You don’t have to-“
And Steve was already hot. So that was a lot of hotness.
“So where you going?” Bucky asked as they made their way downstairs to the main level of the penthouse.
Ellie thrust the box into Steve’s face, waving it back and forth.
But Steve just kissed the crown of his head and whispered, “Close your eyes, sweetheart. I’ll keep talking. Just close your eyes. I’ve got you.”
He stood, crossing to Fury’s bedside and double checked his vitals. When Fury’s eyes blinked open, Tony smiled. “Welcome back, sir.”
“I can hear you thinking,” Steve murmured.
“Nothing. I just… I have a feeling.”
“Wow,” Tony smiled. “Look at you. Maybe I should send you to board meetings in my place from now on.”
“When you call this early, it’s never good news,” she announced in lieu of greeting.
Once he had a dry shirt, Steve went in search of Tony and Ellie, and found them in Ellie’s room. Tony was sitting in the rocker in the corner of the room, with Ellie on his lap, still wrapped in her towel, her blonde hair half plastered to her head and half sticking up wildly, murmuring quietly to her.
“Johnny?” Sharon called softly but the teenager slumped in the corner of the waiting room still jumped. His eyes went wide so Sharon gave him a reassuring smile. “How are you doing? I heard Dr. Stark patched you up.”
“Got everything?” Tony asked.
“Bye,” Steve called.
Steve snorted.
Bucky was the only person who’d ever been able to make him feel better simply by being there, and even then it could be hit or miss. But, Steve realised as he got to work, being around Tony always made him feel better since That Day. Their arguing and constant attempts to wind each other up kept him going in a way nothing else had in over a year.
collection. My mom used to have the same set, but she had to sell it. My niece told Tony about the books, and he bought them for me. And I feel really weird about it, and then we fought and…” He shook his head. “It’s so stupid.”
“Hi,” Matt echoed.
“Thanks to an incident with Loki and a shared decontamination shower, I can confirm, yes, everything,” Tony grinned. “Hey. Steve. I like you. Whether you’re smart or not.”
“There is?”
“This is a good look for you,” Steve commented.
“Tony,” Steve murmured between kisses. “Tony, I… Tony…
“Yeah. I like that idea,” Tony murmured against Steve’s lips. “Whoever came up with it must be a genius.”
“Thanks,” Steve said gratefully, when Tony handed him his ice cream, and Tony knew he meant for more than just the ice cream.
Tony put his bowl aside, then rubbed his eye with his middle finger.
His heart pounded in his ears as he crossed the plush carpet towards the floor to ceiling windows and the glass desk spanning the room. Steve rounded the desk, wiggling the mouse to wake the computer to wake it, then stuck the USB drive into the port. A window popped up with a progress bar, folders flicking open and closed behind it as it copied everything across.
“Um… Please don’t mention, uh, please don’t tell my aunt that, that Johnny’s my boyfriend,” Peter stammered. “She, uh, I haven’t, um…”
“Of course,” he whispered, stepping forward.
the Mermaid House?”
“Go fuck yourself.”
“Stark.” Clint nodded across the ER, where Stark was leading a patient into an empty room.
That part of the house obviously existed - he was looking at it - but what was the point of building completely inaccessible rooms?
Tony chuckled, nuzzling his shoulder. Steve squeezed his hand as they lapsed into silence.
“He’s really good,” she stage-whispered. “He also knows how to use a sword.”
at him. I mean, if looks could kill, he would be dead three times over by now.”
He knew he needed help, but taking that step and reaching out?
“Do it,” she replied. “Run whatever you need. Use my name.”
“Yeah,” he agreed quietly and then they sat there in silence.
He left the car running to remove the jumper cables. Then he drove the car up the driveway, parking it as close to the terrace as possible. The engine still running, Steve climbed into the back to toss the junk left there into the trunk so Tony would be as comfortable as possible.
“You are on,” Tony murmured, leaning forward to kiss him. “You jerk.”
In the reflection of the glass, he saw Marci freeze, her head snapping up.
“I’m going to do something with you I never thought I’d do,” she declared.
“Wouldn’t it be a shame if Tony had his licence revoked? But then, drug relapse, there’s no other choice, is there? Missing drugs from the hospital. Again. Once is a mistake, twice is a pattern.”
“Yes. And this is Mr Stark,” Steve nodded, leading the way towards the dining table, where Tony sat in a shirt and blazer borrowed from Rhodey and a blanket wrapped around his tail. Fuck, there was no way they could get away with this.
“I had a bad dream,” she told him.
Bucky stared him down but Steve held his gaze steadily.
“No thanks,” Steve retorted. “On the shield, not the ride. I’ve got seaweed in my pants.”
“Much.” She leaned down and smacked a kiss against his cheek.
“She can have it,” Tony declared fervently and Steve abandoned his attempt to rescue the tie from Ellie’s clutches. “She can have every tie in my wardrobe if she wants it. Yes, yes, you can,” he told Ellie. “All yours. All you gotta do is look at me with those baby blues. Uh huh. You’re very clever, Ellie. Yes, you are.”
“Yes please. So what are we watching?” Tony asked, settling back with his dinner.
“Then…”
“No,” Daniel shook his head. “Alright, never have I ever faked being sick to get out of work.” When Steve, Peggy and Tony all took a shot, Daniel released an exaggerated sigh. “I am so disappointed in all of you.”
, just because his company doesn’t make weapons anymore? Now, he makes weapons, but he only gives them to his friends. Tell me, how is that better? Only the people Tony Stark has deemed worthy get the best weapons. A man famous for his drinking and his bed-hopping and his parties. Behaviour that didn’t stop after he became Iron Man. You’ve seen the footage, right? From his birthday party? The one where he fights his best friend and destroys his home? It’s a veneer, and you’re kidding yourself if you think he’s changed.”
“I would take the three to six months,” Natasha replied honestly. That would give her enough time to see Sharon’s baby and so she didn’t have to go through childbirth alone. Plus, selfishly, Natasha wanted to see Sharon as a mother. She already knew she was going to be a wonderful mother.
“Barton. That beard looks ridiculous,” Bucky announced when he stepped into the conference room.
“Hey you. I’ll be right down,” Steve promised. “Angie,” he yelled as he padded back to his bedroom. “That’s Tony.”
“Bye Tony.”
And did Steve mention the cooking?
“I know you think that explains it,” Steve told him. “But it really doesn’t.”
“Thanks,” Steve nodded. “I like you too.”
Then he left the office, slamming the door behind him and marched back to his classroom.
But even then, why bother? Why drag Tony’s name through the mud like that? It wasn’t like he could turn up and
“Hmm, I like this plan,” Tony nodded. “Indian?”
Tony grinned.
“We’re talking about the couple in room three,” Steve explained.
A few more strokes of Tony’s hand and Steve came hard, his orgasm snatching his breath away and pulling every muscle taunt. He gulped for air then all but collapsed against Tony’s shoulder. Tony eased them backwards until they were lying on the mattress in a tangle of limbs.
“I know I’m being stupid and vain,” Tony muttered, looking up so Steve could apply the make-up over the dark circles beneath his eyes.
“I’m having a baby,” she echoed, letting herself be excited about the news for the first time since she’d seen the plus sign on the pregnancy test.
“You’re right,” Steve realised.
“Drawing.”
A ripple of laughter ran through the investors as Lucky trotted up to Steve, wearing a purple vest and with a toy quiver slung over his back.
Accessing the Tower was easy with his watch from Tony. One wave of his wrist, and the barriers to the underground parking garage swung open instantly. He followed the illuminated arrows up to the upper level, the one reserved for the Avengers’ private use. He recognised several of the cars from various dates with Tony, before pulling his bike in next to a brand new Ducati. Locking his bike, Steve crossed to the elevator, which opened automatically as he approached.
“Where’s Stark? I thought he was going to be here?”
They headed across the parking lot to the sidewalk, heading down the block to their favourite diner. As Scott held the door open for Hope and Clint, he heard the roar of an engine. Glancing over his shoulder, he saw a motorcycle with two riders shooting off into the sunrise.
“Love you,” Steve whispered, pressing a kiss to Tony’s palm and it was ridiculous that after everything they’d just done, it was that that made Tony’s stomach swoop and his mouth curl into a delighted smile. He wanted to shake his head at his own ridiculousness but instead he just pulled Steve in for another kiss, and then another, just because he could and in Tony’s opinion any time not spent kissing Steve was time wasted.
“Eat junk food, watch robots annihilate each other and send memes to Rhodey.”
“Alright,” Tony cleared his throat. “Your turn.”
He glared.
“Tony? Tony!”
“So. What’s your plan for the day?” Tony asked, slicing off a strip of salmon and rolling it up before popping it into his mouth.
“Sure,” Steve nodded.
“I’m always right,” she sniffed, tossing her head. “Now, will you get over here and hug me already?”
“I have Bucky,” Steve said. “He’s my best friend. But he travels a lot. Work. You know.”
Meanwhile, Angie stood up on the bench and clambered over Bruce and Natasha to hop onto the floor.
“Uh, yes. Yes,” Bruce nodded, but before he could say anything else, he was distracted by a smooth hand slipping into his own. Frigga held onto his hand, raising his arm in the air as she continued to move to the music in her mind.
“All I’m asking is that you keep your relationship out of the press as much as possible. For the school’s sake.”
Clint shrugged, still not looking at Tony. His concern for Clint returned in full force. There was definitely something going on, of that Tony was certain, but he was equally sure that asking outright was a surefire way to make Clint clam up. Unfortunately, Tony also knew that he wasn’t exactly equipped to deal with emotional problems. He was best with problems that he could hit with a hammer or blast with a repulsor.
know how hard you all work. And despite fighting against a ‘futurist’ who seems to be stuck in the past, we have made some incredible progress this year. So enjoy yourselves. You’ve earned it.”
“You can’t, Steve.”
“Boring,” Peggy finished.
“Really?” Tony looked doubtful. “You’re not just saying that to appease my crushing embarrassment?”
“Could we add an NDA?” he asked Marci. “I don’t want him running his mouth to the press.”
“Oh, I’m challenging you, Stark.”
“Hi Steve,” she smiled, falling into step with him. “How’s it going?”
“Tony?” he called. “Tony, it’s me.”
Tony jogged up the stairs, unwinding his scarf from his neck. The door to the apartment opened as he reached the second floor, and then Steve was there in front of him. Tony wrapped his hand around the back of Steve’s neck, pulling him down for a kiss.
“Yeah, I’m on board with that,” Tony agreed.
“Except for the fact that I’m fourteen years older than you,” Tony pointed out, patting Steve’s shoulder.
Steve chuckled and eased himself down into the chair next to Tony, settling Ellie on his lap before risking a glance at the rest of the team. There was some surprise but no horror or disgust in their expressions, so he counted that as a win.
on Google.
“And he speaks, like, four languages,” Evie Rose informed him.
“Not literally,” Tony clarified, offering Ellie a piece of cucumber to gum on. “Unfortunately.”
“Help me get these off?” he asked, indicating to his wings.
“Decidedly not. Especially when they pulled out the gun,” Clint shrugged. “Lucky jumped in front of the bullet and lost an eye in the process. So I-”
Tony tilted Steve’s head back so he could inspect the split lip, the black eye, and the cut on Steve’s cheek. The entire time, it felt like something was building, some invisible pressure squeezing down on them, and Steve knew it was only a matter of time until it blew.
When he arrived at the Stark Mansion, Steve headed straight for Howard’s office. He jogged down the spiral staircase without calling out a hello to Tony or giving Tony any indication that it was him. The office door was still swollen and needed all his weight to open it. That fact was probably the only thing that had kept years of thieves, homeless people, and explorers from rummaging through Howard’s papers and finding potentially damaging evidence of Tony’s existence.
, Steve thought, but he swallowed the words.
“Merry Christmas, Stark,” Fury nodded, turning back towards the elevator.
Tony and Ellie rejoined them. Ellie plopped down on the grass in-between them all, looking far too pleased with herself, as though she knew that she was the centre of attention. Meanwhile, Tony sat down next to Steve, his hand drifting over the small of his back. Steve twisted his head to scent his mate, feeling something settle in him when he did.
“Saving your ass. And you said I’d never amount to anything,” Tony grinned.
“Alright, calm down,” Steve interrupted.
“Excellent,” Marci chirped, unnaturally bright. She offered Steve a pen. “Mr Rogers?”
Maybe.
“I got you… crispy beef chow mein,” Steve replied, passing him the carton in question.
“Fucking asshole,” Tony groaned.
“Why are the Dreadnoughts attacking? It looks like a civilian street.”
“Okay, that is just too cute,” Tony declared. “I love babies.”
Steve hurried into the entrance hall, taking the stairs two at a time and rushing into the bedrooms on that side of the house, running his hands over the walls where there should be a door, if the house’s design made any sense at all.
Bruce laughed. “Wow. Thank you, Steve. This was, uh, fun. But I have to go-”
“I think so,” Steve smiled.
“Thursday,” Tony repeated.
“That, and because Foggy thought women don’t watch porn,” Tony added.
Steve frowned but shrugged it off, pulling out the plastic tub with his lunch.
“It’s okay,” Tony laughed.
“Better now,” Steve admitted, curling himself around Tony.
Tony looked up sharply, the smile slipping off of his face. He caught Ellie’s hand as it swung towards his nose, letting her fingers wrap around his forefinger. Steve always marvelled how small his pup was when he saw her whole hand barely managing to encircle Tony’s finger.
The rest of the Avengers dropped in to give their testimony, and most of them came with Steve and Tony for an outing. Bruce went with them to the Science Museum, where they almost caused a riot and ended up spending the entire day, Bruce and Tony giving impromptu classes to the awestruck kids. Thor went with them to a basketball game and almost got them thrown out with his enthusiasm, much to Tony and Steve’s amusement. Natasha went with them to the Captain America exhibit, and spent most of the visit Snapchatting Bucky.
“Steve, I’m sorry,” Tony whispered and Steve could see that he meant it. Tony shuffled closer, reaching out then hesitating. Steve gave a small nod then Tony dropped his hand onto Steve’s arm, rubbing it slowly.
“I don’t have anywhere to live,” Fury pointed out. “I don’t have a job, I don’t- I can’t.”
“Gotta go,” he announced, sliding out of the booth. “Matt’s home. I’m going to get laid. See you!”
“Oh, even better!” Sharon brightened. “There’s this guy, Tom, you know him, babe,” she said to Rhodey. “In IT? Dark curly hair, kinda shy, but a really nice guy.”
He exhaled slowly after hanging up. Then he tossed his phone onto the counter and went to check on Steve.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea. I don’t fly well. Better keep my feet on the ground. And I think it would be more conducive if I learned how to talk about my feelings rather than bottling them up and being, in Peggy’s words, a pissy little shit.”
“There you go, princess,” Steve smiled, patting her shoulder.
. He grabbed the guitar, fished a pick from the bookcase and threw himself onto the sofa. He ran through tuning the strings before adjusting the guitar on his lap. He tried running through a few songs from his repertoire - Green Day, Paramore, Taylor Swift - but nothing felt right.
“I don’t think we’re done here just yet.”
Steve pulled into the parking lot and killed the engine of Tony’s Audi, staring at the building and fighting the feeling of foreboding that was rising in his chest. This would’ve been easier - not easy, but easier - if SHIELD had let him do this at the start.
“That’s fair.”
Steve sat up, Zoey perching on his knee so he could unpin the buns on either side of her head, carefully unravelling the braids and running his fingers through her hair to work any knots loose.
“Not your fault,” he replied. “Not mine either. It’s just… a shitty situation. Something I have to deal with to be with Tony.”
best.”
Tony stepped forward and scooped her up, disbelief written in his eyes - which were looking suspiciously shiny, Steve noted - as Tony settled Ellie on his hip.
“You need something,” Bucky muttered.
“JARVIS, what the hell?”
“Good plan,” Steve agreed.
“I’m still here,” Clint pointed out and Tony burst out laughing once more.
Tony’s eyes sparkled. “Is that a challenge?”
“What?” Clint asked, hugging a travel mug of coffee like his life depended on it. “Dude seems okay. Said you worked together?”
“It’s better than not at all, which is what you are!”
“Come on. Where’s the omega who went into enemy territory against orders with only a prop helmet and shield?”
Steve lay back. He picked up Tony’s hand, caressing his fingers gently before pressing a kiss to the centre of his palm. “Are you okay now?”
Just knowing that Bucky was fighting to keep it together too was enough to comfort Tony a little, just enough for him to keep a lid on his emotions.
Tony continued to explain about the stars above them, barely visible to Steve’s eyes through the light pollution. He suspected Tony’s eyesight, much like his hearing, was far above a human’s. The hostility and anger fell away from his face as he talked and Steve realised he’d forgotten to breathe, getting lost in Tony’s face.
“And you love me.”
Something told Steve to stay silent. He remembered how easily Tony understood the instructions for the pump and filter, but he’d never questioned it outside of his own head.
He littered Steve with kisses as he jerked him off, kissing his shoulder, his collarbone, his neck, his eyebrows, even his nose which made Steve chuckle and Tony grin.
Tony nuzzled his cheek, setting off a flurry of butterflies in Steve’s gut. He curled his hand around Tony’s neck, dropping his nose to scent his once more, eliciting a pleased hum from Tony.
Tony and Steve nodded in agreement.
“Shut up!” he hissed.
“I know,” Clint scowled. “I just thought… You know what, screw it.”
“And he knows- knew? About you?” Steve pressed. “I mean, I can see your tail in this picture. So he knew the truth, right?”
“I’ve been ready since you turned up in my ER last night,” Steve retorted. “I nearly jumped you in the hallway.”
And to my future readers, who are reading this once it's complete: thank you so much for reminding me that my fics don't disappear into oblivion once I finish posting. You are also amazing and I love you too ❤️
“It is only thanks to the bravery not only of the Avengers, but of ordinary people like Steve Rogers, that Luchino Nefaria’s actions did not result in any deaths or further injuries. But there are two hundred and thirty eight people trying to heal from injuries because of him, and many more trying and failing to get help for the trauma of that night. All because of Luchino Nefaria.
“It was Luchino Nefaria.”
“Uh, Bucky took me for hot dogs earlier,” Steve replied, nerves seizing his gut. “And before that, I had a meeting with Marci.”
“I thought I was rid of your smart mouth, Stark.”
theory that men and women can’t be friends without wanting to sleep with each other. Most of their students and several of their co-workers were certain that Mr Rogers and Ms Martinelli were a couple, just because they lived together and arrived at work on the back of Steve’s motorcycle.
“Foggy Nelson, meet Steve Rogers,” Bucky explained. “Steve, Foggy. Foggy’s Matt’s partner. Speaking of, where is he?”
Tony’s lips twitched, but his eyes were still worried. He picked up Steve’s hand and pressed a kiss to his knuckles. “It scares me sometimes, how much I love you,” he admitted. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
“I thought we agreed we were going to tell him?” Matt said.
. Any chance you can do something about that, doc? Do people actually call you doc, or is that something that only happens on TV?”
“Did I break you, honey?” Tony teased.
“You bought me the goddamn books!” Steve retorted. Energy bubbled in his veins, and he couldn’t just
“Oh honey,” he murmured, crouching down beside Steve. He fought the urge to wince at the acrid smell of vomit, running a soothing hand up and down Steve’s spine. “D’you think you’re going to throw up again?”
“How, wh… How?”
A lump bloomed in Steve’s throat. Of course. Of course Tony knew exactly what the voice in the back of Steve’s mind was whispering to him. Fuck, he loved Tony so much. Over the years, Steve had lived in so many places he’d lost count. Between the foster system then college and residencies, and now Tony’s Army career, he’d spent most of his life moving around. As a result, there was nowhere he called home. But it wasn’t true; his home was wherever Tony was, and he never felt more at home than when he was wrapped in Tony’s arms like this, the calluses on his hands rough against Steve’s skin.
But his focus was on the ship, so he didn’t notice anything until something large and solid slammed into his side and sent him tumbling through the air.
“Hi,” Steve said. “Uh…”
“I get the picture,” Tony interrupted.
“Sounds like fun.” Steve leaned down to kiss him again. “See you later.”
Angie reached into the air, making grabby hands as they approached. Steve linked their fingers together, leaning his weight against her hands momentarily before falling into the booth.
“No. You’re, you’re not the problem…”
A wave of nostalgia washed over him as he realised that his mother would’ve loved this room. A lump pressed on his vocal cords as he imagined her curled up in an armchair in the corner of the room, her nose buried in a book.
“Uh, no,” Bruce replied. He could see Scott and Clint sniggering over her shoulder and wished Loki wasn’t here so he could flip them off.
“She’s high.”
Steve smiled to himself, honoured by the fact that Tony had shared a part of himself; a part, Steve suspected, few were ever allowed to see. Tony could have anyone he desired, of this Steve had no doubt. The fact he chose Steve was incredible, but he wasn’t going to look a gift horse in the mouth.
For a moment, Steve thought he was dreaming. The image of Obadiah Stane in his designer suit and shiny tie pin standing in the decay of the Stark Mansion didn’t seem real. But then Stane chuckled and Steve’s heart began to hammer in his throat.
“Hey, it’s us,” Angie called, letting herself into Peggy and Daniel’s house.
“I mean, you did just give me your company. And your house. And a lot of money,” Steve pointed out, smiling at the weak joke.
“I think I’m going to wait and see what happens with Tony,” Steve apologised. “Next time. Have fun.”
(Rhodey loved to regale people with the time Tony tried to pick up a tray from the oven without gloves.)
“Yeah. Because if you kept scowling like that, you were gonna get wrinkles.”
Tony swore, running a hand through Steve’s hair and raking his nails along his scalp, grinning at the way Steve writhed beneath him. The grin was knocked off of his face when Steve clenched around him, drawing a groan out of him. He could feel his orgasm approaching, like a spring coiled low in his gut, but he refused to come before Steve when he’d promised to take care of him.
They had more in common than anyone would ever realise, both of them practised liars who couldn’t lie very well at all.
He reached back, fisting his hand in Tony’s sweat-slick hair as Tony’s thrusts sped up. Tony groaned again, his head falling forward, and then he came too, his teeth biting into Steve’s shoulder. Steve gasped, tightening his grip on Tony’s hair.
Steve leaned his chin on Tony’s chest, gazing up at him. God, Tony was so beautiful.
Steve had always struggled with apologies, even though he’d been taught from an early age to stand up and admit his mistakes when he made them, especially if they hurt someone else. And clearly he’d hurt Tony - unintentionally, but still - and even his internal defence of
“He’s my boyfriend,” Peter added.
And after thirteen years together, Tony knew all of the sensitive spots to touch and kiss to get Steve wound up and gasping.
“Rumlow. He’s on the Strike Team Nat and I work with sometimes,” Bucky explained.
“Alright, we’re in,” she declared. “Name, Tony. Age…”
Shit.
How could they not have seen Tony’s obvious discomfort? Or, Steve realised, leaving him queasy and furious, did they just not care? Did they see the little mer’s confusion and fear and ignore it? Did they enjoy it?
Steve ran through the garden until he reached the outbuildings. Grabbing a brush, he pushed the worst of the dust and leaves off of the old Nissan he’d spotted when he went searching for the generator. He found the keys hanging on a hook inside and, after some searching, found a set of jumper cables. Pulling out his phone, Steve did a quick search to check if he could jumpstart a car from the generator, feeling a wave of relief when he discovered that he could. Connecting up the jumper cables to the generator, he hurried back outside, unlocking the car and reaching into the passenger side to pop the hood.
“As you oh-so kindly pointed out, where am I going to go?” Tony snapped, his voice wavering.
“What’s wrong?” Scott asked.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, gazing down reverently.
“Sweet,” Angie declared, already helping herself to a glass of wine.
“SHIELD wanted me to keep her a secret,” Steve explained. “But I don’t want to hide her away. I don’t her to grow up thinking that I’m ashamed of her, because I’m not. She is the best thing in my life and I love so completely. And I wanted you to know from me.”
“Kebab, Steve?” Daniel asked.
“MJ, this is Bucky Barnes,” Tony explained. “Bucky, this is Michelle Jones.”
“Depends.”
“Put her through,” Tony murmured, dipping the bread into the egg mixture. “Hey Pep.”
“I’ve got time.”
“Okay,” Tony frowned, running his hand through Steve’s hair. “Why didn’t you tell me?”
“This looks expensive,” he remarked, lifting Steve’s wrist to study his watch.
“He’s supposed to be some kind of genius,” Sharon added. “But honestly? He’s just riding on the coattails of everyone here.”
“Then yeah, I guess I just have one friend.”
Dazed, Tony shook his head and re-engaged the replusors, aborting his fall towards the ink-dark ocean below and scanning the sky.
Tony glanced at Steve and realised he’d barely said a word since they arrived. Even when Bucky said hi, Steve only nodded. His face looked… funny, and his forehead kept folding into a frown as he glanced around the lab.
Tony ran a hand through Steve’s hair.
It took the Dreadnoughts’ scans less than a second to pick up on the fact that Tony had turned off his weapons, leaving him defenceless in the middle of the sky, with no one around to save him. They launched towards him and Tony hit the release switch on his thigh.
“Two,” Natasha added, holding a pistol in each hand before handing one to Tony. “And a knife.”
“My best friend always tells me I have no self preservation,” Steve shrugged.
It was strange seeing three am from the other side, Steve decided. In the past few months, he rarely went to bed before three am, despite knowing that in the morning he would regret it. But when his alarm went off, he stabbed at his phone until it was silent. Yawning widely, Steve rolled over, his feet hitting the ground and jerking his eyes open.
“Of course.”
“Saw that, huh?” he murmured. “Alright. Real answer. When you say you’re a genius, everyone assumes you know everything. I don’t. I just like to think I do. But I learn. Fast. Faster than most people. And that moment, when you go from not understanding to figuring it out, whatever it is, and
“Oh, Stevie. I don’t blame you for that,” Arnie laughed. “You woke up seventy years in the future, alone and pregnant. And that’s without the alien invasion. I think you had enough on your plate.”
“You’re not an idiot, Tony,” Steve said gently. “Are you outside?”
“Have any of you heard from Tony? JARVIS said he went to Clint’s place in Bed-Stuy two hours ago and he’s not picking up.”
“L&L’s,” Hope agreed, probably too quickly, but Clint was too busy muttering under his breath to notice.
Steve couldn’t deny the attraction. It would keep the whole thing out of the press, unless-
“What do you want, honey?” Tony murmured between kisses.
“Sure,” Coulson nodded. “They should be heading back in about an hour.”
Probably.
. Steve’s heart broke a little. Because Tony put on a good show, but his smile was just a little too wide, his eyes a little pinched at the corners, and an air of desperation ruined the illusion.
After hearing himself referred to as the Merchant of Death - and worse - for years, Tony couldn’t deny hearing Captain America say he was the “good version” of himself made him feel disgustingly warm and fuzzy.
“Bruce Banner,” Steve said again, dropping his empty bowl onto the floor then opening a new tab. He typed the name into Google.
“Yeah. Thank you.”
Inside, he followed the directions of the reception desk through the building to Arnie’s room, ignoring the curious glances he got from residents, staff and visitors alike that he passed on the way. Reaching the room in question, Steve took a deep breath and looked down at Ellie.
Tony released the skin of Steve’s neck, running his teeth over the reddened mark and feeling a thrill skate across his spine when Steve whined and writhed below him. His mouth fell open, the muscles in his abs dancing with each shallow pant.
good.”
“I’ve been looking for you,” Hammer continued. “I was wondering if I could buy you breakfast this morning.”
“Oh, it does. It definitely does.”
But the truth was, it wasn’t.
With a sigh, he pulled on his boots and grabbed his backpack. He picked up some fish and fruit for Tony, making a mental note to go back to the fish market on Saturday, then grabbed a smoothie and lunch for himself, making sure to pack an extra bottle of water since the temperature was already climbing.
And he waited.
“First a dog, now a building? That’s a lot of responsibility you’re taking on.”
Sweat dripped down Tony’s forehead as he fucked into Steve with a single-minded focus, setting a relentless pace. Steve’s hands began to slip on his thighs; Tony lifted Steve’s knees over his shoulders, taking his hands and pinning them to the bed, their fingers entwining automatically.
“This isn’t what it looks like.”
A shaky gasp escaped from Steve, his fingers gripping reflexively tighter, his fingernails becoming a row of pin-pricks against Tony’s shoulders and Tony could see him trembling.
“Uh, how do you buy a building?”
“Nah.”
Steve pressed his hands against his hips, trying not to look too guilty. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the progress bar inching towards full.
Steve let out a pitiful whine when Tony managed to pull the blankets away, his entire body shaking. Tony couldn’t resist pulling Steve into his arms, letting Steve use his shoulder as a pillow. Sharing body heat probably wasn’t a good idea when Steve was giving off heat like an engine, pressed up against his side, but Tony couldn’t be that cruel.
“What? Yes. Hi,” Banner replied, pushing his glasses further up his nose as he looked up. “Wait, Steve?”
“I should’ve had champagne or something,” Tony decided, drizzling oil into the frying pan. “To celebrate your first night living here.”
The stubble on Tony’s neck caught against his lips, a rough scratch which made Steve shiver as he placed kiss after kiss on the soft skin, breathing in the mix of sweat and soap and expensive cologne. Tony’s hand came up to fist in his hair and Steve let out a quiet hum of approval. When he scraped his teeth gently against his skin, he felt Tony’s sharp intake of breath and smiled, sucking gently on the skin.
Steve got his height from Joseph Rogers, but his father had always looked somewhat haggard. Steve liked to think it was payment for all the shit Joseph put people through.
“Oh no,” Harry shook his head. “No, of course not!”
“Hammer?”
“That was incredible,” Tony agreed.
When he woke, Tony’s head felt fuzzy but at least he didn’t feel like he was about to throw up anymore. He opened his eyes slowly, feeling relief when he saw the sadly all too familiar sight of the Tower’s med bay. There was a hand holding his and when Tony managed to turn his head, he found Steve sitting by the bed, the hand not holding Tony’s scrolling through his phone.
“I’m being good, I haven’t taken any drugs, haven’t thrown myself in front of a bus just to get a hit. Kidding. I wouldn’t do that. Point is! I am fine, I am thriving even, I have my girlfriend back and a semi-reputable job so-”
Dr. Stark laughed. “Oh, it’s not easy. It’s the hardest thing you’ll ever do. You’ll hate it and you’ll wanna quit because it’s so easy to take that hit instead. And even afterwards, some days are still hard. But I’ve been sober for eight years now. And I’m pretty sure you can do it too.” He stood up and shrugged. “Just food for thought.”
“Gotta go. Thanks, Pep.”
“Pepper half-seriously offered me a job,” Steve admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. “But I don’t think I’m cut out for business.”
“I’m sorry, kid. Without an address… he could be anywhere in the city. Maybe he’s not even in the city. We’re looking for a needle in a haystack here.”
“Right. Thanks,” Clint muttered. Then he hurried out of the lab without another word.
“I mean, I’m not an architect, but it works as a concept,” Steve shrugged. “We’d just need to find the right place on the coast to build it.”
“Kid, take my advice: don’t join the Army. You have your whole life ahead of you. Don’t be in such a hurry to grow up. Okay, I don’t think your wrist is broken, but I’m gonna sneak you in for an x-ray just to be sure,” Dr. Stark said, getting to his feet. “Hey, listen. I know things are rough right now, but you’re sixteen. You’ve got a lot of life still to live. And as for your boyfriend? Relationships are hard. Believe me. I know. But if you find the right person, it’s all worth it. And you can make it work.”
“Bobbi?”
“Probably,” Steve admitted and he looked entirely unrepentant.
“Great. Steve, call me if you decide, otherwise I’ll let you know when I get the appointment arranged.”
Worse. It was Hammer.
Steve kissed the tip then swallowed him down, feeling Tony’s hips give an aborted jerk as he arched his back and moaned.
“You good?” Tony whispered.
They followed Thor to the staircase entrance. Bucky was the only one able to keep up with Thor, although Matt came a close second. All that parkouring across rooftops had given him a dexterity Tony eyed enviously.
“Alright, where do I start?” Steve murmured, scanning the room and feeling excitement bubble in his gut for the first time in, well, in over a year. “No, you know what,” he decided. “I’m gonna leave this room for last.”
“Come on, come on, Steve. Come on,” he muttered. “Please be alright. Please be alive. Hey J, while we’re waiting, can you throw up all the information available on Dream Master Inc? Thanks bud.”
“Only kinda?”
“I’ll be right back,” Tony promised, kissing Steve’s forehead and finding it hot and sweaty.
“It’s an excellent painting,” Steve replied diplomatically, hiding the fact he wanted nothing more than to tear it from the wall and destroy it.
“Right,” Tony sighed. “At least let me get you to safety-”
“Dream Master Inc,” Natasha supplied.
“Punk.”
“She’ll be fine,” Natasha assured him. “I’m pretty sure it’s just a minor fracture, but we’ll get it x-rayed just in case. The bad news is, because this is a minor injury and you’ve got such a brave girl here-” Lorna beamed at her, “-you guys are going to have to wait a while. I’m sorry.”
Steve hummed and nodded, trying to hide how nervous he suddenly felt again. He’d forgotten all about meeting the Avengers while distracted by the comments on his latest piece of art.
“Me too,” Tony smiled.
“Sounds great,” Steve nodded. He watched the city shrink through the glass, his ears popping somewhere around the seventieth floor. Then the elevator doors opened with a quiet ding and JARVIS announced, “The penthouse, Mr Rogers.”
“Hi,” Tony whispered softly.
Their eyes met and Steve shook his head, silently begging Tony to go, to hide, to let Steve take Stane’s attention. Not that there was anywhere for Tony to go.
“Nah, I’m going to stay here for a while,” Tony replied.
Could he fake a heart attack? Clint wondered before dismissing it, because he was in a room full of doctors and nurses; it would never work.
Steve frowned, an idea beginning to form in his head. He couldn’t, could he?
He found himself clicking on a suggested playlist titled
“Can’t. He’s in court,” Bucky sighed, slouching against the back wall of the elevator.
“So you had the girls over last night?”
“How big is this Tracksuit Mafia?”
“JARVIS, you with me buddy?”
t-shirt. He ran through his leaving-the-apartment checklist; phone, keys, wallet, inhaler, Epipen. By the time he was ready, Angie had emerged from her room, a hoodie that Steve recognised as his own dwarfing her tiny frame.
Foggy snorted. “How many high school teachers from Brooklyn have you met before?” he asked.
“I wouldn’t put money on it.”
“You’re warm,” he mumbled.
“Yeah,” Tony nodded.
Dodgy Darren offered her his arm. Hpe put her hand in his elbow and then they walked out of the ER.
“Yeah,” Steve panted.
“We spent one night together a year ago,” Steve retorted. “We’re not close. I didn’t even remember him until we were face to face.”
“You think I want to sit through another lecture on that? I’d rather go see the dentist.”
“Tony?”
“I can walk,” Steve insisted, gritting his teeth to ignore the way his knees stung with every step. “I’m fine.”
If he was a bird, Loki would’ve puffed out his feathers and flapped his wings in disgust. As it was, he scowled at the two of them, but Bruce held his gaze unwaveringly and Frigga looked like butter wouldn’t help in her mouth.
“Because they’re from you.”
Alarm bells rang in Bruce’s head. “What?”
They switched contracts with Joseph and his lawyers until every copy was signed and initialled and dated.
“Yes,” Steve nodded in mock seriousness.
“So I’m the only normal one in the building?”
“Oh no.”
The lump in Steve’s throat pressed painfully on his vocal cords, but he kept smiling for Tony’s sake.
Steve roused himself as they landed, climbing to his feet with a wide yawn before reaching for Tony and tangling their fingers together.
His mind was occupied with Tony, alternating between trying to figure out how to get Tony out of here and how to make Tony feel better, so he didn’t realise he wasn’t alone until a voice called out, “You’ve been busy, Mr Rogers.”
“Hey Barnes, go screw yourself,” Tony said, without looking away from Steve.
“Oh yeah,” Tony nodded.
“Definitely,” Daniel replied instantly. “But I still love you. Even if you did drag me all the way to Manhattan.”
Steve and Tony turned to each other and burst out laughing.
When he spoke, his voice was dangerously calm. “I am Iron Man. The suit and I are one. That’s not going to change so if you can’t deal with that, maybe you should just leave now.”
There were times Hank thought he didn’t like Dr. Romanoff either, but then she would do something amazing, like bringing someone back from the brink of death or get the night shift in under budget, and he was forced to reassess. And his conclusion was that she clearly had some form of black magic, and not only because she was actually able to control the rabble which called itself the night shift.
The water rippled and the top of a head slowly emerged until two eyes glared at him. Steve raised his eyebrows. Tony rolled his eyes then raised his head and called, “I told you if you ever came back here, I’d kill you.”
“I was really scared, Tony,” he admitted. “I thought… I was scared. For you.”
“Steve,” Stark yelled. He was out of the chair and sprinting down the corridor before Natasha realised what was happening. Abandoning her test results, she raced after him.
Tony took his hand and they walked into the centre of the floor, avoiding the other couples already moving in time - or slightly out of time - to the waltz.
“I am not.”
Steve hummed, but the sound of footsteps on the stairs forced them to break apart. Peggy shot Steve a knowing smirk, but Steve leaned back against Tony’s chest, completely unrepentant, sinking further into his embrace when Tony splayed his hand over Steve’s thigh.
“He’d do that for anyone,” Steve replied, the words tasting like ash because it was true. Tony would do that for anyone. That was the worst part.
“There was a bomb,” Bucky replied grimly.
“You’re in a good mood this morning,” Tony observed, lounging in the shallow end and flicking his tail lazily.
“I think we both know,” Stane replied. “And unlike you, I won’t insult your intelligence by pretending we don’t know exactly what’s going on here.”
That response was uncharacteristically short for Clint Barton.
Over the years, he’d been to a lot of abandoned houses, factories, mansions and they’d all left an impression on him in some way or another. But none as much as the Mermaid House.
“Alright, Mr Murdock, we’re going to move her to recovery now,” Dr. Pym explained.
“Hey,” the doctor called, walking towards him. “You okay?”
“I know, I feel terrible, honey. But you’re too hot.”
Tony froze, his eyes sweeping over the girl and mentally trying to figure out if she looked older than thirteen or not. “Uh huh… And, uh, what does that have to do with me?”
“No,” Steve repeated. “I’m… I’m just an interested party.”
Then Julie Wilson appeared, walking towards a huge black town car with a personalised number plate, M1, idling at the front of the lot. She paused before climbing into the car, her eyes meeting Steve’s once more, before disappearing inside.
Steve couldn’t help glancing at Nefaria; he looked unconcerned, leaning back in his chair in the dock, a small amused smile playing about his lips. As though he was in the audience at a particularly amusing play, rather than his own trial for kidnapping, terrorism, and attempted murder.
“I know, I know,” Stane chuckled, his eyes glinting. “But you know Tony. Always working.”
“People, yes. You, I’m a little suspicious.”
“I was pregnant!” Peggy exclaimed.
Steve’s grip on the wheel tightened. “Yeah, probably. But I’m not lying.”
“I can’t dance,” he replied. “And I have had too many vodkas to try tonight.”
Steve turned to Tony. “Of course. Ask a stupid question.”
“I definitely would,” Tony agreed.
“There was a time I thought if I couldn’t make it work with you or Peg, I couldn’t make it work with anyone,” Steve admitted. “But I’m glad he’s proving me wrong.”
“Concerns?”
“So you dated Pierce and then you started dating Stark. Twelve hours later.”
Because he’d finally figured out what it was about the pool that made it so hateful - or perhaps more accurately, one of the things which made it so hateful. There were a lot. Steve had a list. In the pool, Tony was constantly reminded of his place below humans. He was always looked down on, physically and metaphorically, as though he was somehow less worthy than the humans surrounding him. In his mind, Steve could see a house where the floor was level with the bottom of the pool, with rivers snaking between rooms, giving Tony unrestricted access and making him part of everything.
Steve grinned. “I wouldn’t be so sure of that,” he murmured.
“Good.”
- a thick branch sticking out of his gut. Tony grimaced.
“Yeah, but it’s almost worth it just to piss you off.”
“Uh, yes way. He signed up last night and the whole site crashed.”
Bucky grinned unrepentantly. “Sorry, dad.”
“Very hot,” Steve repeated, biting his lip.
“Yeah. Long day,” Tony nodded. “Rain-check?”
“Yeah, you gotta get some armour, babe,” Bucky agreed, shoving a handful of tortillas into his mouth.
Steve felt Tony’s cock pressing against him and he began to sink down. It burned a little, because despite his confident words, it had been five months without his husband.
They reeled off their drink orders and Tony vanished through the crowd towards the bar. Steve introduced Angie to Bruce and Natasha while they waited for Tony to return.
“Hey, how are you feeling?” Tony asked, smiling at the sight of a sleep-rumpled and scowling Steve pushing himself up slowly.
Then he disappeared underwater, leaving Steve alone.
Hank Pym liked the ER.
Steve called Arnie the following morning to warn him that they were about to announce Ellie’s existence to the world. He wasn’t going to publicly name Arnie as her sire, to try and retain some of his privacy, but they both knew that the press were relentless and would probably find out who Arnie was.
“Uh, because you desperately needed a roommate?” she retorted. “And I’m awesome.”
“You are not crazy,” he insisted. “All the symptoms, including the psychosis, are related to your porphyria. It has absolutely nothing to do with anything you’ve been through.”
“I’m fine,” Clint snapped.
“Ooh, yes please,” Tony beamed.
“You mean you didn’t think you’d end up taking an ambulance ride to the ER?” Natasha joked. “What kind of planning is that?”
“I don’t mean it like that. Just, I’m curious.”
This was it, he realised suddenly. This was what he thought he had seven years ago when he moved into his old apartment. Only this time he
“What you say, bro?” Ivan asked, lifting Clint’s chin with one finger. “We pay for building now.”
No, not something. Someone.
“You sure?”
, he thought.
“Yeah?”
“Hey, how’s the, uh, the Maggia thing going?” Steve asked.
“I have you,” Steve said, looking at Tony.
“Lawyers. It’s Murdock and Nelson’s Christmas night out.”
for creating the
“You’ll save me,” Steve replied instantly.
“Fuck,” Ari cried. “Then it’s official: we’re fucked.”
then hit
Steve cried and cried and cried, feeling as though someone had punched their way through his chest and ripped everything out with clawing fingers. Distantly he was aware of the almost inhuman noises he made as he sobbed, the pain and anger of the past year bubbling up in his throat, until finally he howled, “I want my mom!”
“Maybe you should threaten to tase him until he drools and then watch Supernanny?” Coulson suggested, his lips twitching. “I’ve heard that works wonders.”
“Bye,” Tony whispered, then he slipped into water and he was gone.
Steve cut him off by kissing him again. “Take me to bed, soldier,” he gasped.
By the look of them, Dreadnoughts Mark II.
“I have,” Hogan nodded.
But he still had the final list pinned to his noticeboard.
And secondly, that he was hard.
“Nope. He just made himself unemployed for a job that doesn’t exist.”
“Can you do my hair? I’m feeling kinda dizzy.”
That was bullshit.
“I’m sorry.”
“Both very reputable news sources,” Steve rolled his eyes.
He wanted Tony.
“You’re… You’re punishing me for something I had no control over?”
“And you’re a coward,” Joseph replied. “Pleasure doing business with you, Stevie.”
“I’m coming.”
Aw, crap.
“Are you a friend of Clint’s?”
“Absolutely,” he agreed. “Consent is, uh, fun.”
“You think we’ll get a pet together?” Steve smiled.
They headed back inside hand in hand then Steve gave Tony’s hand a final squeeze before heading off towards the restrooms. Tony watched him go, his mouth twisting, before forcing himself to move in the other direction.
When they arrived home, Steve bid Rhodey a goodnight and retreated to his bedroom. Pulling out his phone, he flicked through his open tabs until he found the contact page for Dr. Helen Cho. Slowly, painstakingly, he filled out his details in the form, putting in everything he didn’t want to admit to but knew he needed to deal with. Then, without a second thought, he hit send. Instantly his phone informed him that he had a new email from Dr. Helen Cho, which thanked him for his enquiry and explained that someone would be in touch as soon as possible and that if it was an emergency he should call 911.
As the credits rolled, Tony shifted, pressing a kiss to Steve’s cheek.
“You couldn’t just give me the pills?” he asked Dr. Stark.
And Steve really didn’t think any more of it, not until he walked into the staff room at lunch and found half of the arts and humanities departments huddled around the TV, blocking the screen from view.
to be.
Steve closed his laptop and stood in the middle of his apartment, looking around helplessly. His eyes fell on his guitar in its stand, and he thought,
“Can’t believe you dated that guy,” Clint shook his head, letting it go for now. Steve resumed typing, his shoulders relaxing. “He’s just so old.”
“Oh, thank fuck,” Tony breathed and then passed out.
and fly straight over to Brooklyn and have sex.
Steve scowled.
“Yeah, that happened,” he sighed. He wiggled the knife until it came free from the wall and wandered towards the edge of the pool. “Hello?” he called. “I know you’re here. Where else are you going to be?
“I thought you’d be into that?” Bucky frowned, echoing Steve’s confusion. From everything he knew about Hawkeye and his first impressions of the man in person, Barton seemed like he would love the chance to play games and claim it was training. But instead, he pouted like a sulking six year old. “The chance to nail Stark in the face sounds brilliant to me,” Bucky added.
Pressing a soft kiss against the freckle, Tony murmured, “I love this freckle.”
“You bought me a cat?” she said.
“My explanations are flawless,” Tony sniffed. “I just worry about your tiny human brain. We’re not exactly operating on the same level.”
He gasped for breath. It sounded harsh even to his own ears. Tears pricked at the corner of his eyes and he could feel his stomach roll, the memory of dry retching an empty stomach for hours coming back to him in a reminder that he didn’t need. It felt like there was a weight on his chest, crushing him, making it impossible to breathe, and the walls seemed to inch closer whenever he wasn’t looking.
“You’re the best,” Steve told him, leaning in to kiss him.
“We should try to find you somebody,” Foggy decided. “I bet I know somebody you’d like."
Underwater, with his chest growing tighter by the second, it took everything Steve had not to panic. Panicking would just result in him running out of oxygen even quicker, he reasoned. But, God, it was terrifying.
Steve shook his head.
“Morning, losers.”
“Hey, honey,” Tony’s voice rang in his ear, his tone warm and tinged with affection.
so feel free to come and chat.
“You’re welcome,” he replied. “And it was a team effort. I couldn’t have done it without Ari or Angie, or Agent Coulson,” he added, nodding at Coulson as he emerged from the crowd.
“You also saved the world again, so all in all I think it worked out.”
“Morning,” Steve called.
“I missed you,” Steve murmured.
“Thanks, Scott,” Steve smiled, patting him on the shoulder. As he returned to the nurses’ station, Steve couldn’t help but wonder what the hell he ever saw in Alexander.
“As we discussed,” Marci began. “I have a copy of the contract and you are all more than welcome to-”
Tony suffers from a severe panic attack following an attack on the Tower but the Dreadnoughts, who set off an EMP which momentarily knocked out his arc reactor, reminding him of being in Afghanistan. He calls Steve in the middle of the night and Steve tells him to come over. Tony has a series of negative thoughts about himself and his actions. Steve stays awake most of the night with him, telling him stories about how he met Peggy. The following morning, they return to the Tower where they see the damage inflicted by the Dreadnoughts and Tony notices something strange in Steve's mood. If you want more information, jump over to Tumblr or Discord and send me a DM.
“Oh, great. I lost Barton,” Tony sighed.
But then Hank Pym appeared and it all made sense. Of course, Hope must be meeting her father for breakfast. That made perfect sense.
“Is that popcorn and M&Ms?”
Tony turned back to his paperwork, jumping a little when a voice hissed in his ear, “I can't believe that asshole is here.”
“I thought you were blind,” he said.
“Sorry.”
“So,” Tony panted. “Does this mean you like it?”
“Are you sure you’re up to it?”
“But not Tony?”
Steve blinked in surprise at Bucky over Tony’s shoulder.
“Sir, the trace of Mr Rogers watch is complete,” JARVIS announced.
His eyes burned and he scrubbed the moisture from them, drawing a ragged breath in through his teeth.
“It is a good picture,” he admitted.
And he wasn’t exactly loving living under SHIELD’s thumb.
Steve scrolled down the page, eyes scanning the screen. He ignored the pictures of the portrait he’d seen, searching instead for something, anything, where Tony was older.
Guilt lingered in his gut, although Steve wasn’t sure what he was supposed to feel guilty about. Poor hygiene, he supposed. Not taking care of himself. Steve scrubbed a hand through his hair, wincing again.
“Okay,” Bobbi nodded.
Tony tilted his head, watching Steve curiously. And just like that, the pieces began to fall into place.
“Yeah,” he nodded. “It restarted. But for about half a minute, I couldn’t move, and I had this pain in my chest, and… And…” He let out a shuddering breath.
,” Tony teased. He shifted his hips a little, testing the waters. “I mean, I am a sure thing.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted. “Is there a point?”
Steve took a deep breath. “Okay. Let’s do it.”
“Hey. Just an idea. But. We’re exclusive. So why don’t we get tested, and then we don’t have to use condoms if we don’t want to?” Tony suggested.
Then the door opened and Daniel was standing there.
“I just want them to like me.”
Steve huffed. “Don’t go ruining my freak out with your logic,” he grumbled.
“Is that, I mean, would you be… interested in that?” Steve continued.
“Alright, boss,” the driver replied. Steve recognised him from the night they escaped from the paparazzi.
“I brought back your knife,” he added, placing it by the water. “Well, I pulled it out of the wall for you. Come on, I just want to talk.”
“I promise,” he added, “I won’t ever hurt Steve.” He raised his pinkie and offered it to her. “Pinkie swear?”
This was probably a bad idea, Steve knew that, but he was still doing it. He pulled up YouTube and typed
Tony felt his face split into a grin, powerless to stop in the face of a freshly fucked out and delighted Steve Rogers.
“Because I want to help people.”
“They have good safety ratings too,” Tony said, holding onto Ellie as she pushed herself up onto her tiptoes and wobbled precariously.
“I’m not just a dumb carny, you know,” Clint snapped, wheeling around and looking Tony in the eye for the first time.
“Miss me?” Tony teased.
“No, he’s an asshole so when I asked him to stop being an asshole,
have it. Tony wasn’t going to leave without explanation. They’d talked about the future and they had a plan. The knowledge filled him with warm excitement.
“Yeah.” Steve ran his hands through Tony’s hair, then burst out laughing.
“I mean, you smiled more,” she shrugged. “And some of the weight from the aftermath of she-who-shall-not-be-named kinda disappeared, which was good.”
“The what-iboo?” Bucky frowned.
There were a lot of people here.
“Put that away,” Bucky scolded when Steve tried to take out his wallet. “It’s on me.”
“Wow,” Tony breathed. Ellie reached for him and Tony let her pull his finger into her mouth, never even blinking as she started to chew on it. “Look at you, beautiful,” he murmured. “Talking already.”
Leaning up, Tony kissed the underside of Steve’s chin, before worrying the skin gently with his teeth until a bright red mark stood out against his skin. Steve groaned above him, tipping his head back to give Tony better access.
“So,” he said, when they reached the station, pursing his lips nervously. “Here we are.”
Above him, Tony breathed heavily through his nose, his throat bobbing as he swallowed, and his fingers petting Steve’s hair. His knuckles brushed up against Steve’s dick again, longer this time, and excitement sparked beneath Steve’s skin.
“Are you okay to have him in the room or…?”
“Bye Pep.”
Hope rolled her eyes. Scott was an amazing nurse - top of his class at Johns Hopkins - but he was also a complete and utter dumbass. And she really shouldn’t find him as attractive as she did.
“I could always cook.”
“She knows what she wants,” Steve shrugged, taking Angie’s place and accepting Daniel’s hug gratefully, breathing in the familiar smell of his cologne as he kissed his cheek. “How’s it going?”
“I’m making no promises,” Fury smirked.
That was great. There was just one little problem: Steve had no idea how to deal with this. It was easy when he was the one kidnapped and he was working with Tony to take down the bad guy. But this, this was his life now if he was with Tony. Sitting at home and waiting, never knowing if Tony was going to come back.
But that wasn’t all Steve could see. He saw the skin stretched over Tony’s ribs, far too visible, no doubt due to the past ten years without proper food. He saw the unnatural tint to his skin, and even though Steve was unfamiliar with what a healthy skin colour for a mer was, he was pretty sure that wasn’t it.
He pulled away and Lucky whined sadly.
From Ari’s look of terror, Tony guessed it would be a long time before he would be able to call him by name. Leaving the kid to it, he returned to his designs, losing himself in the familiar ones and zeros of the code.
“No,” Steve insisted. “Maybe a little.”
“Okay,” she said eventually. “I trust you.”
Natasha bit back a smile. She suspected that Hogan liked to project a tough exterior, but deep down he was a teddy bear.
“Hey Barnes,” Tony called. “Thanks for coming.”
He inhaled sharply when Tony tumbled out of the sky, and didn’t start to breathe again until he reappeared, battered and bruised, before shooting into the sky again.
“Uh, Steve? No offence, but the mood is already here,” Tony teased.
But the the dragon stopped and she frowned in affront, as though it was doing it just to annoy her.
“Dream Master… Why do I know that name?”
“Yeah, that sounds like her,” Tony grinned.
“Nah. Feels weird. Come on, let’s go.”
“Rise and shine, sleepyhead,” Tony’s voice announced, sounding far too gleeful. “You have work today.”
A knock echoed from the door; Steve opened it to find Tony waiting, far too bright-eyed for this time of day, with a coffee in one hand and a bunch of sunflowers in the other.
“You like me,” Steve teased, nudging his shoulder with his own.
The Tower was filled with all of Tony’s favourite people, and as cheesy as it sounded, it was the best gift he could have this Christmas. Although he still wanted gifts. Lots of gifts. He was only human.
“So, how do you feel now?” Tony asked once they were inside.
Steve gazed at the glass surfaces, marvelling at the feat of engineering and his boyfriend’s design that led to its creation.
“Super vaccines, remember? I’m good,” Tony assured him.
“Sounds like you’re getting sleepy,” Tony smiled.
. “A terrible thing, losing a parent like that. It breaks you.”
“Barton.” Cross regarded him suspiciously. “What can I do for you?”
Now that he’d cleaned out the pool as best he could and fixed the pump and filter, there was nothing much for him to do at the mansion other than make sure Tony ate and took his antibiotics. Steve could see him filling out in front of his eyes, his skin losing that grey tinge and his eyes shining brightly. Soon, Tony would be healthy enough to return to the sea, once Steve figured out how exactly he was going to make that happen.
“You could say sorry.”
“Were those people you?”
“Yes, ma’am,” Tony nodded. “On it.”
“Of course,” Tony grinned but there was something forced about it. “Who wouldn’t?”
“Of course.”
Steve whined, the noise slipping out of him before he could stop himself, and clung to Tony just incase he was thinking about going anywhere. But Tony shifted impossibly closer, nudging Steve’s cheek with his nose until Steve raised his head.
He started coughing again and Steve inched forward, his fingers twitching at his side. He was desperate to help, but what could he do? Glancing around the room, he made a decision.
“So,” Steve murmured. “How does a blow job sound?”
“You can’t protect everyone, Steve.”
Lucky whined, but he jumped into the back of Bucky’s car, curling up in the foot well and resting his head on the centre console so he could watch Steve with a mournful expression. Steve clipped on his belt then paused, taking one last look at the scene outside.
“That was just an added bonus.”
“Very dumb,” Steve agreed. “Tony, are we having kids?”
“But I heard about it through the grapevine. Haven’t seen him since we left for our oh-so luxurious honeymoon.”
When it came down to a competition between his own happiness and the safety of the world, it was no contest.
A brief twinge of nerves jolted through Steve as he padded down the steps into the briefing room, spotting a black-suited man standing before a bank of screens with folded arms who must be Agent Coulson.
He exhaled slowly then turned to look at his pup asleep in the backseat.
“Definitely,” Steve laughed. “Unless you wanna explain to the dayshift how you burned your dick?”
“No, he’s not,” Tony replied calmly. “His renal artery is cut, I’m gonna clamp it. We’re going to use his own blood. Start a line. Go! Come on, time is of the essence here, people.”
Tony pushed his way through the reporters, charming smile firmly in place and throwing a few waves to the cameras and the members of the public who’d turned out just to get a glimpse of them.
After relieving himself, Tony unpinned the bandage Steve had wrapped around his arm the night before. He checked the bandage and found a few spots of blood, then inspected the wound itself. It was clean and beginning to heal over nicely; Steve did a good job. All those fights he’d been in really paid off.
“Damn right,” Tony nodded and Bucky fist-bumped him. The only time they were ever completely united was in their Army vs. Air Force rivalry, joining forces to defend the Army’s honour.
Sharon tried and failed to swallow the lump in her throat. She had to let go of Natasha’s hands to wave them in front of her face in a vain attempt to stave off her tears.
Steve frowned. He started to look at the house, really look at it. Because something wasn’t adding up.
Tony grinned at him. “Hi Steve.”
“Nice,” Tony grinned. He sat up, bouncing up and down once, twice, three times, before unpacking his own bag of takeout. “Alright, which is mine?”
“You were going to have one anyway,” Matt pointed out.
Steve stared at him, unable to believe that Tony was really here. His fingers itched to reach out and touch him, to check that yes, Tony was here and real and Steve didn’t need to make an emergency call to Dr. Cho about his impending mental breakdown.
Throughout Steve’s speech, Tony’s expression remained impassive, clearly listening to every word, but showing no reaction, which left Steve a bundle of nerves. Had he just screwed up the best relationship he’d ever been in?
He had his pup and he had his team, and he had a home in the future. That was more than enough, Steve decided. Hoping for anything more was just greedy.
?” Steve teased.
“Is there something fishy about this?” Steve murmured.
“Where’s the menu? It's not on the board,” Tony yelled from the other room.
(He’d never met an omega who didn’t hate their heats.)
“Ah, yes. Service with a smile,” Tony called sardonically.
“You look miserable,” a familiar voice called as he descended the stairs. “Don’t you know it’s the end of term? No more students until September. And even better: no parents.”
“Just because you have a big head, doesn’t mean you have the brain to match.”
“So, the way you were talking earlier, it seems like he’s not really involved, then, hmm? Tony, I mean?” Steve asked casually.
Steve rapped his knuckles on the door before sticking his head into the principal’s office.
Scott levelled him with a glare. “Because I value my life?”
“They are a team of liars and thieves who tricked the world into believing they are heroes. You just can’t see it yet.”
“Hey Cap,” came the reply from one of the smaller offices, leading off of the one Steve and Bucky stood in. A second later the owner of the voice appeared, in a rumpled suit with chin length blond hair. “Cap and friend,” he amended.
“Yeah. Been there,” Tony nodded. “In the spirit of being your Rhodey, even if you don’t realise until you're in deep, you can still tell me.”
“Detach yourself from Cap’s face for five minutes,” Foggy said. “We’re setting up an online dating profile for Tony.”
“Wanna talk about it?”
, but I want to be able to help you. When I can. Don’t you want to protect me?”
There was something weird about Steve tonight, Tony realised. It was subtle, but they’d spent enough time talking that Tony felt pretty confident in his assessment that something was off. Something related to Tony.
“Stevie. You don’t think it’s a little too convenient that you told Tony Stark about my cancer and then a few weeks later, I get a place on a previously underfunded drug trial that is already showing good results?”
“Come here,” Tony murmured, tugging Steve up. Tony crawled up the bed, falling against the headboard, spreading his legs and crossing them at the ankle. Steve climbed into his lap, straddling his thighs before leaning down to kiss him. “Like this?” Tony asked, sliding his hands up Steve’s back.
“He was watching me. It was just kind of creepy.”
Steve glanced at his watch to see how much time he had before he was supposed to meet Tony when the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Raising his gaze, Steve found the blonde woman staring at him with an emotionless smile. His skin crawled.
“No, he’s only fifty two.”
“Deal,” Steve grinned.
“There’s an idea, we should play strip poker,” Daniel grinned. “I haven’t seen Steve’s dick in, what, two months?”
When he did, he began to feel the exhaustion and the pressure in his sinuses and the ache in his throat, everything he’d been trying to deny.
“Dad. Hi.”
“Lemme up,” he said.
“Minor detail,” Steve shrugged.
“Nee! Nee!”
“I don’t know what’s wrong with me,” Jessica muttered. “I was actually dumb enough to think I was doing better lately. I thought those assholes finally got me on meds that worked. Guess not.”
Tony began rubbing small circles into Steve’s stomach through his t-shirt.
“You can not,” Steve retorted, smiling in the darkness.
Once Angie disappeared into the bathroom, Tony retrieved his phone from the bedroom, carefully pressing his wrist against Steve’s forehead to check he wasn’t burning up again, before returning to the living room and calling Pepper.
(Peggy scolded him for it every time they trained together, usually by flipping him onto the floor.)
“Then I’d tell you to cut down on how much weed you’re smoking,” Bruce replied, turning and walking away.
“Who the hell are you?” she yelled over the engine noise.
“Gee, thanks,” Tony drawled, keeping his hand on Steve’s neck. “I was so worried there.”
“I have pancakes,” Steve grinned, licking syrup from his wrist.
“Noted. Might have to take Steve for a vacation,” Tony grimaced, his head pounding. “What did they hit me with?”
Tony stopped. He swallowed.
“I see.”
“Capacitor,” Tony nodded. “I told you to pick one up; did you?”
“I’ll wait outside,” Tony said, slipping out of the room before Steve could tell him to stay.
He nosed at Steve’s temple. Already Steve could feel his eyes drifting closed.
“I’m all ears,” Steve murmured, pressing a kiss to the hollow of his throat.
“I need so many waffles,” Clint declared.
“You definitely knocked a couple of point off my IQ,” he agreed, a teasing smile playing around the corners of his lips, “But I got a pretty high IQ, so there’s a long way to go before I’m stupid.”
“Exactly.”
“Then why don’t you tell me what
Steve began to thrust in earnest, but he dragged it out, teasing Tony, winding him up then backing off rather than simply chasing his release. Tony let out a whine; Steve muffled it with a kiss, licking his way into Tony’s mouth.
Alexander leaned back against the sinks, folding his arms and watching Steve with the mildly curious expression he wore when he was trying to irritate people. Steve refused to let it get to him, simply raising an eyebrow and scrubbing his hands together. A bruise was already starting to bloom on Alexander’s face where Steve had hit him, right on the cheekbone where it would pull every time he spoke.
He led her to an empty exam room, yanking the curtain across behind her, as though it gave any kind of privacy beyond preventing everyone from staring.
“Have fun on your date,” Bucky called, stepping out on the communal floor, throwing Tony a wave over his shoulder.
“The fact that we didn’t anyway is offensive,” Tony sniffed and Natasha nodded in agreement.
Scott couldn’t hold it any longer; he sneezed loudly into the fold of his elbow.
Steve smiled automatically at the sight of the Audi R8 with the number plate STARK 1 sitting by the curbside, Tony’s outline just visible through the passenger window. They made their way down the steps and Steve could feel the eyes of staff and students alike on him.
“Okay,” he said, opening the backseat.
The crowd pushed forward, as though everyone wanted to be closer to Stane, attracted by his mere presence. It certainly wasn’t to be able to hear better; Steve suspected they would all hear Stane just as well without the microphone. He shifted nervously from foot to foot, the crush of people causing the hair on the back of his neck to stand up.
“Come in,” Steve murmured.
“Yeah, I’m being really stupid,” he agreed, kissing the top of her head.
It was the first time he’d really seen Tony interact with his fans, and it was a revelation, especially the day they were at Capitol Hill and a little girl wearing an Iron Man shirt shyly asked Tony if he would sign her map. Steve couldn’t look away even if he wanted to as Tony crouched down and talked to her in a soft voice, asking her name and doodling a tiny suit next to his name before offering to take a picture with her. When she asked a question about the workings of the suit, Tony’s eyes lit up and Steve felt his heart melt, rolling his lips between his teeth to avoid grinning like a lunatic in the middle of the Rotunda.
“Fine,” Marci sighed. “I am Iron Man. I need a picture. Tony, smile.”
“Hi Bucky.”
“I’ll go,” Tony said. “Usual for everyone?”
This time, no blue tick appeared, but Steve reminded himself that Tony said to hang on, as he apparently found a way to prove it really was him. He put his phone on the coffee table, in his eye-line, so he would see the moment the screen lit up with a new message, then picked up his guitar, just to have something to do while he waited.
“Where’ve you been?” Angie asked after buzzing him back into the apartment..
Mostly because they didn’t know Bucky.
, he replied,
“You could do better,” Hammer told Steve. Turning back to Stark, he continued, “You know he’s married, right?”
“Uncle Steve?”
Even if it niggled at him, wondering how much he would have to sacrifice.
Then stared some more.
“It’s not surprising,” Tony shrugged. “It came out in ‘85, but it bombed and nearly bankrupted Disney, so it wasn’t released on VHS until ‘98, and you would’ve been… fifteen and too old for Disney movies.”
“Wow.”
“Well, don’t you look chipper this morning.”
The pool of the Stark Mansion was one of its most famous distinguishing features. Arguably the deepest domestic swimming pool, it began inside, sweeping through the room before snaking its way outside, under a foot bridge, and spreading across the terrace to overlook the gardens and the city below. The internet was filled with old photos of girls in mermaid costumes lounging by the pool during the Starks’ parties.
“Yeah. So to keep his identity secret, Matt keeps his place and officially Bucky lives here. That keeps the worst of the paparazzi from stalking his apartment. They’re just waiting outside, not on his roof where they could regularly bump into Daredevil.”
Holy shit, he was engaged to Steve.
And then Steve recognised the look in Tony’s eyes: fear.
“Lucky you,” Steve nodded. “And I suppose it has nothing to do with the fact that mers are stereotypically female.”
“Just do it,” he muttered.
“I thought you’d be the one cooking Italian,” Steve said to Tony. “You have Italian family, don’t you?”
“Not really,” Tony replied dryly.
“Thanks, Big Guy.”
“Yeah?” Tony began to roll his hips.
“Aw, man. Are you okay to stay? I can take a day and look after him if you want?”
Rhodey gave him a special USB drive, with a programme written onto it that would, Rhodey assured him, get all the information they needed and copy it without leaving a trace.
“That’s not a high bar. That proves nothing,” Steve argued, but he was laughing because teasing Tony like this was one of the highlights of his day. The heat was gone from their barbs now; instead, their arguing was comforting.
“How old were you?” Tony murmured.
“And since you’ve all decided we’re the parents, I guess that means we don’t have to ask for permission?” Steve grinned.
“Do I look like Bugs Bunny?” Tony asked, interrupting Matt and Bucky’s conversation.
“Mr Stark has requested I take you straight up to the penthouse,” JARVIS explained. “He’s finishing up a project in the lab but assures you he will be right there. Is this acceptable with you?”
“I’d say it sounds like you are,” Tony said softly. “So, when do I get out of here?”
“Sure you are. If you want to talk about how fine you are, I’m going to drop off these samples to the lab and then I’ll be back.”
“Look,” Bucky hissed, pointing to Wilson’s hand.
“Deal.”
“Believe me, he’s seen me do much worse,” Tony assured him. But he stepped back, tangling their fingers again. “Let’s go.”
. But it was becoming clearer and clearer that he wasn’t fine. And now, it wasn’t all about Steve anymore. He had Tony to consider. And while Bruce knowing about Tony made Steve feel a little better, in case anything happened to him, but Tony had no way of contacting Bruce so it still wasn’t ideal.
Once they were alone - as much as possible in a busy corridor - Tony turned to Steve, smiling up at him.
“Yes. I am,” Tony nodded.
“And he’s married. And a co-worker. This is kinda creepy, Gary.”
Tony scanned the waiting room until he spotted MJ sitting in the back corner, her arms wrapped around her knees. He crossed the room, easing into the chair next to her.
“That’s not what I meant,” Steve huffed.
“Harry, you didn’t happen to read an article this morning about how Tony bought me a penthouse, did you?” Steve asked, pouring water into his mug. “Because it’s not true.”
“I’m on my way,” he promised and hung up.
That earned Clint a punch to the stomach. Tony winced in sympathy as Clint doubled over as much as his restraints would allow.
“When you’re gone and I’m alone, and I need strength to carry on, I… hmm hmm… home to me, just please come home alive.”
“You have to say that, you’re my boyfriend,” Steve protested, but he was unable to stop his mouth twitching up into a smile.
“Hey, it’s Steve. I need your help,” Steve said.
“Yeah. Bucky and I are making a dictionary.”
But then the voice in his head reminded him that Tony was relying on him. Without Steve, Tony wouldn’t eat.
Returning to the elevator, Steve headed down to the communal floors. He found Bucky in the kitchen, while Bruce sat at the dining table reading something on his tablet, unaware that Natasha was stealing his sandwich while his attention was elsewhere.
“Why?”
“Can’t say that I have,” Tony replied.
“Oh.”
“They really do,” Tony agreed. “Alright, tell me: where’s Steve?”
“No, I gave it to our neighbour. He needed a doorstop.”
All the broken glass from the Dreadnought attack was gone or replaced, Steve noted. Almost as though nothing had ever happened. But it had, Steve remembered it. His vision blurred again and his chest felt tight, and this was
“Wait, what? You… You love me?”
“Why is everyone staring at me?” he frowned. He eyed Hammer and asked, “Who are you?”
As soon as the door opened enough for him to slip through, Tony stepped into the elevator and smacked the close doors button. He leaned back against the wall, tilting his head back and squeezing his eyes shut and trying to block out the voices in his head.
“It’s silly,” Evie Rose muttered.
“Down there,” she pointed.
“Alright, then I’ll give you two some privacy,” Steve replied, turning towards the door.
“Hi Sharon,” he smiled. “How’s things?”
“That’s bad for you,” Hope said as she joined him outside, staring out at the rain hammering the parking lot. Scott held out his packet of cigarettes to her; Hope glanced at him, then took one, holding it between her teeth as she pulled out her lighter. “Thanks.”
“I promised I would.”
“Not everyone hates you,” Steve insisted. “I don’t.”
“Good evening, Mr Hogan,” Natasha greeted the patient, closing the curtain behind her. “Sounds like you’ve had an interesting one.”
“I’m going to have to ask you not to talk to my client when I’m not present,” he continued, stepping further into the room.
“Do I need to do anything at this end?” Steve asked.
“The kind of incident after which he took some time off,” Carol said carefully. “There’s Nat. I better give her the paperwork for that drug company study. See you later.”
“You like that, honey?” Tony murmured, the tremble in his voice belaying his confident words.
“I was six.”
“Well, I am a genius,” Steve mused, his eyes sparkling, “So it’s gonna have to be one hell of a fuck.”
“Okay, I might be sick,” Steve admitted grudgingly.
Less than fifteen minutes later, Natasha and Clint dropped down from the fire escape, landing silently next to Bucky.
“Thank you,” she smiled.
If he was honest with himself, he would miss Tony when he went.
“You don’t have to pay for it,” Clint muttered. “I have money.”
It would be so easy to lean across the table and kiss Tony, but Steve knew that wasn’t fair. But, God, he wanted to.
“Are you coming over?”
The pumpkin mask hid whoever was underneath, but whoever it was, they didn’t seem to care they’d been caught staring. Confident, no doubt, in the anonymity their mask gave them. Steve ducked into the crowd, negotiating the bodies until he found Peggy, catching her by the elbow.
“Wasn’t a suggestion, but okay,” Tony grinned, his eyes sparkling and darkening with lust.
“Steve, focus. How did you get away?”
It wouldn’t be the first time he’d interrupted vandals during an exploration, but Steve would rather avoid it if possible, especially since he was alone. If there was more than a couple of them, he would be seriously outnumbered, and that would lead to him ending up in hospital and Bucky yelling at him, because like hell Steve was going to let a group of assholes destroy this beautiful - albeit eccentrically decorated - building just because he was outnumbered.
God, he loved him.
The chances of someone managing to bypass the security systems and JARVIS and making it all the way to the lab unnoticed were very slim and from the slightly manic and definitely terrified look on this guy’s face, Tony doubted he was in any danger.
“Yeah,” Steve lied.
It took a second for the clerk’s words to sink in for Steve. Then his face split into a grin, turning to kiss Tony breathless.
“Relieved I don’t have to do that again,” Steve replied, grabbing the caramel sauce and drizzling it over his ice cream. “Pass the sprinkles.”
“What just happened?”
“Funny,” Nefaria chuckled. “No. Mice. Mice ate their way into the box and destroyed the quilt. So she repaired it again. And when Giuseppe was born, she went into the attic to get the quilt, but the mice had eaten it again. She repaired it once more, but the mice always returned, destroying all her hard work. Until one day, my Nonno brought home a cat. Suddenly, no more mice destroying Nonna’s hard work.”
Tony smiled. He could picture a tiny version of Steve glowering at everyone who called him
“Much better,” Frigga nodded. “Now, Dr. Romanoff. I expect you to find a position for this young man in whatever department he chooses to specialise in. I see a bright future for him as an attending here at San Antonio General.”
Switching to Tumblr, Steve reached into the cupboard for the coffee jar for Angie only to come up empty. Steve lifted his eyes from his phone with a frown, which deepened when he saw the lack of tea on the shelf.
What could it hurt?
“You hate the Yankees, and think the Dodgers belong in Brooklyn. If we were both single, I’d marry you. So, no, I didn’t ask you here because of whatever’s going on with you two. But I’m asking you about it because you’re my friends, both of you, and I know you’re both crazy ‘bout each other, and I don’t like seeing you two… like, whatever this is.”
“Not even a little bit,” Steve grinned. “Unfortunately, my shoelace was still untied.”
The idea of sitting on a twenty year old inflatable couch on the roof of his building in Tony Stark’s arms was pretty unbelievable. But the reality turned out to be pretty much the best feeling of Steve’s life. By the time the Horned King used the cauldron to raise the dead, Steve’s thumb was running back and forth on Tony’s knee, and by the time Gurgi was resurrected, Tony’s cheek was resting on top of Steve’s head.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We should probably go get her. Before he has her wearing exclusively the most hideous shades of purple he can find.”
Clint snorted. “Good luck with that,” he muttered.
“I hate you all,” Clint grumbled. “Thor! Beard: what do you think?”
story, idiot. I meant, why is this your favourite movie?”
“Yeah, I’d buy that.”
“There he is,” Steve said, leaning forward.
“Can you have a heart attack with a serum?” Clint wondered.
“But even so,” Bucky continued, “He’s still in a war zone. I don’t know how to cope with that. I love him.”
“Hey, Nick,” he greeted. “Come to join the party? I think we have a spare pair of festive antlers around here somewhere.”
Then he sprinted towards the locker room before Hank could say another word, because date with Dodgy Darren or not, if Hank found out that Hope and Scott were together, Scott knew his life would become a living hell.
“I’m good,” Tony laughed. “And anything that gets written off, I can afford to replace. Hi beautiful. Having fun down there?”
“And I thought I’d never have a chance, because before she always dated guys,” Angie added. “But then this summer she came out as bi.” She sighed, pressing her palms together. “Thank you, Jesus.”
“Like that time you tried to jump across the Charles River after the Christmas party,” Alexander continued. “Remember?”
It was in a jeweller’s in Brooklyn. He’d saved for weeks to afford the ring he’d seen and instantly fallen in love with. Much like the woman who would eventually wear it for only nine months.
“Takes one to know one,” Steve grinned.
“Speak of the intergalactic princess,” Steve said as Zoey appeared with Hannah in her arms. “Hey squirt.”
They broke apart reluctantly and found Bucky watching them, his arms folded and amusement on his face.
He nodded. “Yeah. Let’s have a baby. Or a teenager. Or anything in between.”
“It’s only you for me too,” Steve whispered.
Guilt washed over Steve. “Sorry. But what happened when they died?”
“Good. I have faith in you. Now, here’s what we’re going to tell my son.”
But he
“I think I owe you an apology,” May announced. “I’m sorry, Johnny. I shouldn’t have blamed you without all the facts.”
“Here to tell us all about is Julie Wilson from Dream Master Inc. Please give her a warm welcome.”
“We’ll call your social worker and get things straightened out,” May continued. “Although considering you’ve been here all night and they haven’t come looking for you, I’m going to have words with them. I mean, honestly, you’re only sixteen. You’re a child. Haven’t they heard of this thing called duty of care?”
“Lucky doesn’t like fajitas,” Clint replied, as though it was obvious.
“Mr Stark, I do not think much of your taste,” he muttered, eyeing the bathroom decorated in gaudy stars and stripes.
A spike of lust shot down Tony’s spine. He nodded, taking Steve’s hand and leading him back towards the bedroom.
And Tony certainly wasn’t able to use it.
“Shoved his face in a bucket of ice water.”
He felt…
“Okay,” Tony agreed, dropping another kiss onto Steve’s neck.
“It is,” Bruce replied automatically. He swallowed. “Uh, if you’d like to follow me and we’ll see what the-”
Bruce was just about to tie off the stitches when the door opened and a uniformed officer wandered in.
“Agent.”
“Evie, stop it!” Steve laughed. “What are you doing?”
Tony nodded and a wave of relief washed over Steve.
“I feel that my position here has been made untenable,” he continued. “You’ve made it clear that you care about the opinions and money of the bigoted few rather than the defence of my privacy. So I’m done. I don’t want to work in this kind of environment.”
“I don’t- Fine,” Steve sighed. “Tony Stark.”
“Huh?” he asked.
“Yeah, well, if I was okay with doing nothing, I wouldn’t have become a doctor,” he pointed out, feeling a brief flare of his earlier anger returning.
Steve held up his eyeliner. “Help? Please? I’ve been informed I’m terrible at applying eyeliner.”
“Hey, kid,” he greeted.
“You do.”
“If you want to get laid, don’t mention them again,” Steve grimaced.
Tony was waiting a few feet back from the elevator. Steve broke into a grin when he saw him, crossing the distance between them in a few quick strides and pulling Tony in to a kiss.
“I love you. I love you, Tony. Tony,” Stve groaned, burying his face into the pillow and coming hard, clenching around Tony's dick.
“How are you doing?” Tony asked, after they risked a piece of toast at midday.
“Excellent,” Tony declared. “Then it is my utmost pleasure to say Mr Rogers, you have three minutes to get out of my building or security will remove you. And considering my security includes a super-soldier and a demigod, I wouldn’t hang around.”
“Deal,” Steve agreed, tipping his head back for a lazy kiss which warmed him from head to toe.
“Thanks,” he replied, signing and initialing where he was directed to sign and initial.
“So it’s definitely the Maggia,” Bucky sighed. “I hate being right.”
“Have a good night, Dr. Romanoff,” he nodded before leaving the nurses’ station, only to narrowly avoid being knocked off of his feet by Nurse Lang coming out of the supply room.
“You could have a concussion,” she pointed out.
“Uh, yes ma’am, Dr. Pym.”
“You love me.”
Tony Stark?”
“Yeah?”
Tony tossed what looked like a hundred at the driver with a “Keep the change,” and then they were running into the building hand in hand. Steve waved his watch in front of the panel at the elevators before stepping back into Tony’s arms to kiss him hungrily while they waited for the elevator.
“Want to talk about it?” Tony offered.
“Coming up,” Tony smiled.
“Dan, you know how you’re happily married with three wonderful kids, and that never would’ve happened if I didn’t introduce you to Peggy?”
They made their way down the front steps and Steve leaned against the wall, smiling when Tony stepped in-between his knees, winding his arms around Steve’s waist and rubbing small circles into the skin with his thumbs. Steve tipped his head back, looking up at Tony for once.
Then, in a move which left Steve gasping, he flipped them over in one smooth motion.
“Yeah, but I like taking care of you,” Steve smiled.
“Okay,” Steve frowned. “Thanks.”
Steve’s breath caught.
Just as he was about to admit defeat and call security, he caught sight of Frigga at the other end of the hall, ducking into a supply closet. What the hell was she doing in there?
“I’m on a drug trial,” Arnie replied. “Hello, bubeleh. How are you today?”
Then he slung his backpack onto one shoulder and picked up the box, balancing it on one hip and holding the envelope in the other. He made his way downstairs to the admin department, ignoring the curious glances he received from staff.
“He’s hiding from Dr. Hammer,” Clint explained. “He’s a dick from Urology who keeps asking Steve out. Despite the fact he’s married,” he added pointedly because it couldn’t hurt to remind Steve of his husband, to whom he was supposedly devoted to.
Steve snorted. “I know that’s not true.”
Steve blinked at him. Then the next thing Tony knew, Steve was kissing him, stealing his breath and leaving him weak at the knees.
Leaving Steve with a single guard.
Steve wasn’t good with strangers or crowds, but there was something about the anonymity of halloween costumes which made it easier. It was the same when he went clubbing. Besides, having Tony at his side made anything easier to bear.
“I did it,” she confirmed.
Steve leaned forward, kissing the spot that Tony’s fist touched.
“They’re just baby cats.”
Bruce shrugged. “Just doing my job.”
“Actually, um, do you have any engagement rings for men?” he asked.
“Risk I gotta take,” Steve replied, coming to a stop in front of Tony.
He stood in the hallway and tried to collect himself. There were always paparazzi lingering outside, especially since they caught wind of him moving in with Tony, and the last thing he wanted was pictures of his teary face all over the internet. Taking several deep breaths, Steve headed towards the stairs, walking down slowly until he reached the front door.
“And you love it,” Scott grinned.
Foggy snorted.
His alpha.
Eating while holding a pup was a slow process, Steve had discovered early on, so the rest of the team were finished long before he was. But they didn’t make him feel like he was holding them up, the laughter and chatter louder than ever.
He tried to swallow the lump in his throat but it stubbornly remained where it was, pressing against his vocal cords in a painful reminder of what he was about to do. Taking a deep breath, he left the bedroom, pulling the door closed behind him and trying to ignore the metaphor in the action.
He used the time to shower - being used as a pillow by his sweaty, feverish boyfriend left him with a desperate need to feel clean again - before making breakfast for himself and Angie.
Dropping his phone onto the couch, Steve sat back and stared at the blank TV.
“You two seem… close.”
But even the thought of quitting and giving up made Steve feel sick with guilt. He didn’t want to do nothing but he didn’t have the energy to carry on and he was tired, okay? He was really fucking tired, and he was so tired of being tired, but nothing seemed to help.
“Of course. What is it?”
“Okay. I was not expecting this,” Tony declared, taking in the sheet Steve pinned up earlier, and Angie’s projector, already connected up to his laptop behind Steve and Peggy’s old inflatable couch, covered with a blanket. Tony threw himself down on the couch, chuckling as he bounced up and down. “Lordy, I haven’t seen one of these since the nineties.”
“My back really hurts,” Jessica groaned.
Tony came immediately towards him, pulling him in for a kiss. Steve tangled his fingers in Tony’s hair, deepening the kiss and pouring everything into it.
“Fuck.” Ari threw his arms in the air. “I guess we have to cancel. Ms Potts is going to be
A familiar beat-up truck pulled into the parking lot, going faster than it should be, and skidded to a halt in an empty space. Tony called to MJ then crossed to the truck as Bucky jumped out of the driver’s seat.
“I wish I could say the same,” he chuckled.
Dr. Stark smiled. “Not yet.”
There was another option, Steve realised, as he unplugged his phone from the charger on his desk. He eyed the sketchpad he’d hastily shoved into the corner of the desk when he unpacked and then never touched again. Feeling strangely nervous, he reached out, plucking it from the pile and stuffing it into his backpack. He found an eraser and his pencils in his sock drawer, of all places, and threw them in too.
He jogged down the spiral staircase and found the room in question. Sure enough, inside there was what he guessed could be a pump. After a few minutes of investigation, he made his way back upstairs.
“I don’t mind,” Steve blurted out. Now he was recovering from the shock, he started to smile. “It’s… kind of the highlight of my day too.”
“Bless you,” Steve said, without looking up from his paperwork.
“We were drunk and stupid,” Steve repeated.
“If you want rid of me, just say.”
“Hello,” she replied. “Are you Tony Stark?”
“Thanks Pilar,” Steve replied.
“What would you do?” Pepper asked. “If you were him. What would you do?”
But now it was time to turn his attention to something new. Namely, telling the world about his daughter.
“I appreciate it.”
Steve smirked. “Must be the wisdom of your advanced years.”
“Well, get to it,” Rhodey teased. “I’m not getting any younger, I wanna be an uncle.”
“Doesn’t mean I’m wrong,” Tony retorted. “You’re cute, aren’t you, Ellie?”
“It was good,” Steve smiled. “Especially now I get to see you again.”
Steve chuckled, stepping into the supply closet and scanning the shelves.
“It looks like a mild bacterial infection,” Bruce continued. “And considering the state of this water, you got off easily.”
If he gave up Iron Man.
Then before Steve had a chance to say anything, Tony spun on his heel and walked out.
“Hi,” Tony replied, perching on the edge of the couch. “Hi beautiful,” he cooed at Ellie, who was too busy sucking on the edge of the dragon’s wing to notice the new arrival.
Instead, he gritted his teeth and made it through homeroom even though his kids seemed unusually animated. Steve shrugged it off as being less about them being more lively and more about the fact he wanted to sleep off his hangover.
Steve loved making Tony laugh. He doubted he’d had much to laugh about over the past few years - maybe ever - so Steve made it his mission to find ways to elicit laughter from him every day.
Steve was midway through explaining the importance of the Battle of the Somme in the First World War, when a knock on the classroom door interrupted him. Steve turned and found one of the receptionists in the doorway, holding a bunch of sunflowers.
Steve raised his eyebrows.
“Hi,” Steve nodded.
“Oh my God. Oh my god, Clint, thank you,” she exclaimed, throwing her arms around his neck and pulling him into a hug.
Steve would never tire of watching the way Tony’s face changed when he spoke about Jarvis, or about his friends, Rhodey and Bucky especially. It was so different from the face he wore in public or in the media. Softer, and older, which sounded like a bad thing, but it wasn’t.
“Oh,” Steve’s face fell.
“Sorry,” Steve grinned. “So, you’ll help me?”
Dr. Maria Stark, leader in stem cell research.
“What happens if I don’t have the operation?” Hogan asked.
“Damn.”
“Sure it isn’t.”
And pressed like.
“Not really,” Steve shook his head. “I used to be. But, uh… I still have an interest.”
Steve bit back a smile.
Tony tuned out the rest of their conversation, focusing on the parts and equipment scattered around the room before discovering a pile of blueprints on one side of the room. He flicked through them, freezing when he spotted the signature in one corner:
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, watching an elevator rise up through the atrium.
“Come on, let’s get that x-ray done and then let’s get you back to your boyfriend.”
He fished for his phone, finding it under the pillow on the other side of the bed and scrolling through his new notifications. First on his list to check was his chat with Steve, because Steve was always at the forefront of his mind.
Exhaling slowly, he returned to the list and began scrolling, trying very hard not to be intimidated by the fact it was five pages long. Discomfort rolled beneath his skin like waves on the beach, but Steve forced himself to keep looking.
“Hey, it’s me,” he replied.
“You’re wrong. Being with you means holding your hand and washing your hair when you can’t. It means making you toast and apple, and cleaning up when you puke it back up fifteen minutes later. It means doing whatever it takes to make you feel better, because I don’t care that your body doesn’t listen. I don’t care, Steve. I care about you,” he declared. “I care about you.”
“You’re sick!” Steve shouted. “You’re sick and I work at Target. I can’t help you. I don’t know how, but he can.”
“Obviously, it’s not the exact same ones,” Tony was saying. “But they are first editions. Do you like them?”
Tony hung up, twisting his phone in his hands. The time dragged out as he waited for Steve, and the doubt began to creep in. Well,
“Um, you have one email from the DoD that I marked as urgent, but everything else can wait,” Ari explained. “And I deleted the dross, so… Yeah. That’s it.”
“Yeah,” Tony nodded. “I know we still have some Maggia traces out there, but if he’s looking at deportation maybe Nefaria’ll start talking a bit more.”
“You’re much more handsome in person,” she declared eventually, shaking his hand.
“Absolutely not.”
“See you,” Tony replied, but Steve frowned, because Tony’s reply was lacklustre and missing his usual snark.
“Come in,” Arnie said wondrously.
“Here,” Steve said, taking the concealer from him and opening it up. “Let me.”
,” Angie whined as he pushed her into the conference room with the rest of the faculty. “Don’t make me do this.”
Tony stepped forward, catching Wilson’s chin and forcing her to look up at him.
He curled up on his bed and opened his laptop, watching clips on YouTube as he ate. Sitting up to toss the empty pot in the trash, Steve licked his fork clean and set it on the table to return to the kitchen later, then picked up his laptop, opening a new tab.
“I had green hair for three days last year before you noticed,” Clint pointed out.
“I’m not.”
Steve met him halfway, and their second kiss was just as mind-blowing as their first.
A flash of red and blue highlighted Bucky’s position, the shield slicing through the air, then a burst of lightning split the sky, taking out several of the robots, and Thor appeared. Steve chewed on his thumb nail, nerves twisting in his gut like a snake, winding its way around his airway and squeezing tight.
“If it helps,” Tony offered. “I can guarantee he’s missing you just as much.”
. Jumping to his feet, Steve began to pace back and forth. “You bought me those books,” he repeated.
“Five.”
Then Tony’s hips jerked, his sneakers squeaking against the rubber, and making the entire couch wobble, reminding them both of exactly where they were.
“Right. Bye.”
“Wow,” Tony said breathlessly when they pulled apart, his lips red as his tongue darted out, running over his lower lip. “Miss me?”
“No, it’s not,” Evie Rose retorted.
Steve frowned. Alexander was looking at him curiously, his face far too relaxed for anything good. Suspicion began to prickle along his spine.
“Hi,” Tony grinned, but before Pierce could start anything, Hank called, “Dr. Pierce. Just the man I was looking for.”
“Did you hear that?”
Tony shrugged. “Because I wanted to. Here.” He passed Steve a small package wrapped in tissue paper.
“Anything else?” Steve snapped, passing belligerent and going straight to pissed off.
Tony ran his hand down Steve’s back, squeezing his ass and pushing his hips, and Steve’s rapidly growing erection, forward.
“What are you trying to say, Stark?”
“That’s me,” Matt nodded.
“Alright, here we go,” Bucky announced as he joined them, juggling three cups with coordination only the super soldier serum could provide. “One tea, soy milk for Rogers. One Americano for the man wench. One mocha for me.”
to your heart’s content, yeah? When Sergeant Whiskers finds the baby, it-”
“I’m gonna make you proud,” Steve promised.
“I love you,” he whispered.
Not quite.
“Hey Laura, I’m Tony,” Stark smiled. “Listen, I know you’re scared and I know it hurts, but I’m gonna get you out of here. I promise. Okay? Don’t worry,” he winked. “I’ve got you. Can you move your fingers for me?” he asked, pressing his fingers to her throat to check for a pulse. “That’s it, that’s great. Good girl. Okay, I’ll be right back.”
“Use protection!” Peggy called just before they closed the door behind them.
“Yeah, we’re definitely not making it up as we go along,” Bucky agreed.
“Angie,” he replied, drawing out the vowels. “What?”
He finally found the generator in the second, smaller outbuilding, which seemed to have been used for storage only, with an honest-to-God fuel tank beside it which was, Steve confirmed, full of fuel. There was even a second, portable generator hidden under a tarp.
“You’d think, but I’ve learned not to rely on humans,” Bucky grunted. “They kinda suck.”
Ivan the Terrible signalled to his two goons to step back from Tony and Clint. When Tony peered towards Clint on his right, he found him conscious but dazed.
“Why did you buy me those books?” Steve demanded.
“You’re such a dick,” Steve muttered.
“You gotta be convincing though,” Steve reminded her. “This is a hospital. We see people puking every day. Usually on our shoes. If we’re lucky. So you have to really sell it.”
“You love to make an entrance, don’t you?” Steve called to Stark.
“Alright, we need to get back to the Tower so we can suit up and find these bastards,” Bucky announced in his Captain America voice. “We’re going to find out who Big M is - and that name really doesn’t get any less ridiculous - and we’re going to take him down once and for all. And then we’re bringing Steve home.”
“I like Christmas, but I’m not a maniac,” Tony retorted.
Steve nodded and Tony began to thrust his hips up. Steve gasped, fingers scrabbling for purchase on Tony’s shoulders, locking them together. He looked down, watching the barely visible flush spreading across Tony’s skin, hidden by his tan, but Steve knew it was there. He’d made it his mission to spend as much time as possible studying Tony’s skin. Especially during sex.
“Ah. Am I stronger than an orangutan? Hmm, maybe,” Tony replied.
“Fine,” Bruce sighed, stepping forward and putting his foot in Steve’s hands.
“What’s going on?”
“Thank you,” Clint said. “I’m not really good. At the whole trusting people thing. Especially since…”
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and kissed his cheek.
“Bar brawl,” Matt replied, stretching one arm along the back of the booth behind Bucky’s shoulders.
“Would you say that as a result of what happened you were traumatised and upset?”
“You’re annoyingly perceptive, you know that?”
Steve stared at Tony.
“Really?” Tony beamed. “What would make it better?”
“Maybe you’ll grow taller,” Matt smirked.
“Bye Tony!” Evie Rose called.
Tony shrugged.
Well, Tony smiled, maybe not the
“Hey you-”
“Don’t worry about pleasing people so much. I’ve always been the odd one in the family, but I still did what they wanted me to. I spent so long trying to be the person they expected me to be, and it never got me anywhere. Now? I don’t care. I do what I want. Because it makes me happy. You should do things because you want to. And anyone who has a problem with it? Tell them to go to hell.”
“Tony, what’s wrong?” Steve asked, sounding more alert. “Sweetheart?”
Then Ellie squealed, losing interest in the necklace when she spotted the tabby cat strolling along the path. She rolled out of Steve’s lap and hurried after the cat as fast as her little legs could carry her.
“Liar,” Tony grinned. He took Steve’s hand and turned them towards the elevator “So, how was your morning? Bet it wasn’t as painful as mine,” he added, rubbing the back of his neck.
“You know you don’t have to finish all your Christmas shopping on December 1st, right?” Steve teased as Daniel debated the merits of perfume versus a cashmere scarf.
“Those robots from LA?” The image of Tony falling through the air flashed in his mind, and Steve was gripped with fear.
He wasn’t mad. Not the way he smiled softly when Tony handed over the carton of The King of the Mangoes, adding, “Your favourite, I believe”
“I’ll take it,” Fury declared.
?” Scott echoed.
“Okay. And us?”
Steve tried not to frown, but he’d been hoping to avoid the stories the paparazzi were pedalling about him for the night and looking forward to embracing his old life with his old friends for company. And now Daniel and Angie were cooing over one of the very articles he wanted to avoid.
“The Avengers are fighting robots in Los Angeles.”
First of all, he flicked it onto the camera, checking his hair and baring his teeth, lest he have anything stuck in them. Then he flicked onto Tumblr, scrolling through his feed and checking the notifications on the piece of art he posted the day before.
“Are you okay?” Steve demanded, surging upwards, cupping Tony’s face in his hands. “Tony, are you okay?”
“Tony, don’t!” Steve yelled and Stane’s boot connected with his jaw. “Fuck!”
“Hey,” Steve echoed. “So, uh-” He frowned, hearing a noise on the other end of the line. “Was that a car horn? Where are you?”
“Um…” Tony peered at the screen.
“Does anyone have any questions about the assignment and not my personal life?” Steve amended.
“What the fuck are you wearing?” Bucky blurted out.
Hammer’s face fell from his usual smarmy smile to a scowl. “So when it’s me, you’re married. But it’s not that when you’re flirting with Stark.”
“You’re not,” he confirmed.
Bruce sighed. “No. My gut tells me there’s something wrong here that isn’t psychiatric.” He gave in and allowed a growl of frustration to slip out, rubbing his hair again and running through the symptoms in his head: seizures, respiratory paralysis, stomach pains, back pains, skin lesions, paranoia, hallucinations…
Ari disappeared into the crowd, leaving Steve and Coulson alone. Steve pulled his phone from his pocket, turning off Do Not Disturb and checking for messages.
“How old were you?” Banner frowned.
in the back of his mind.
He jumped when a hand wrapped around his shoulder, looking up to find Peggy at his side.
“Nope,” Steve replied, his mouth going dry.
“I don’t care how it looks. I’m telling you that nothing happened. We made out, yeah, but we’re not having sex.”
Tony hummed, sucking on his neck.
“No, I don’t,” Steve shook his head, leaning into Tony’s palm where it cupped his cheek.
But at the same time, it was more than that. Maybe, if Tony wasn’t quite so good at taking care of himself, he would’ve needed her more. Maybe he could’ve confided in her. Maybe they would’ve worked out.
Maggia who?
Tony kissed the skin below Steve’s ear, breathing in the scent of his cologne and soap, now mixed with sweat.
“Steve? Honey?” Stark held out his hand; Steve’s eyes lingered on it for a long moment, before continuing to dart around the corridor. But then he reached out, putting his hand into Stark’s and clinging on with what looked like a death-grip. “That’s it, I’m here. You’re okay,” Stark assured him. “Can I hug you?”
Steve huffed, wiping the water from his eyes. Making his way inside, he found Tony studying him from across the pool.
Steve laughed, holding him close.
Sharon noticed May Parker watching Johnny with a small frown. Then she stepped forward, squaring her shoulders, and Sharon saw Johnny visibly steel himself. To his credit, he didn’t shy away, although his jaw looked tense enough to snap.
“Tony,” Steve replied, pressing their foreheads together. He could still smell Tony’s scent, stronger than he’d ever experienced it before, even though they weren’t scenting each other anymore.
“Urgh, ow, okay. That one really hurt,” Tony groaned, ducking between two Dreadnoughts then wincing as another one caught him with its flamethrower.
“Always so cynical, Steve.”
“I have something I need to tell you,” Sharon interrupted. “I was scared to bring it up but then I realised I was being stupid. Chances are, all my worrying is going to be for nothing. So here goes.”
“I want building, bro,” Ivan declared. “So you give me building? Yes?”
“You should quit.”
“Which means it’s on this boat. Which means we can take them out. And if we take them out, then it’s going to be a lot easier to take down Nefaria and his men, right? Right?”
“Basically, the Maggia are paranoid bastards,” Clint finished. He held up an empty coffee pot. “And if you love us, you’ll get us more coffee.”
Tony’s eyes flickered to Angie, and then everything fell into place, as Steve’s cold-addled brain caught up.
“Barton, get your hand out of my face unless you wanna lose it,” Bucky’s voice snapped.
“Yeah, I know.” Gathering his strength, Steve hauled himself to his feet. “Okay. Right.”
No, he could do this.
“Hey there,” Steve smiled.
“They’re writing about you because it sells. That’s it,” Peggy pointed out. “If it didn’t sell, they wouldn’t care. It’s not personal. Next week they’ll be hanging a woman out to dry for something a man would be lauded for and you’ll be forgotten.”
Scott pushed up onto his tiptoes, eyeing the couple in question through the crack in the curtain and decided that Steve was probably right.
He liked his job and he was good at it. And now he had to fight for it, which smarted.
“Huh.”
“What the fuck?” Clint exclaimed. “Seriously? Is there anyone else hooking up around here that I don’t know about?”
Tony gave him a watery smile. “Thanks,” he muttered, his voice thick.
“Pot, meet kettle,” Steve grinned.
“I don’t believe that is an answer which can be quantified. According to any medical advice, bleeding is not recommended.”
He stepped out of the front doors into the sunshine, squinting a little as his eyes adjusted and wishing he’d thought to put his sunglasses on again before he left. When his vision cleared, he spotted a familiar figure leaning against a bright red sports car, arms folded and a small smile on his face.
Tony kissed him again. “Square deal.” Tony’s attention shifted over his shoulder; his eyes widened and he let out a low whistle. “Is there something in the water around here? Miss Martinelli, you look stunning.”
374,000,000 results.
Tony splayed his hands on Steve’s stomach, pressing down and running his hands up his torso and leaning down, kissing him slowly. Steve tipped his head back, giving Tony better access, and his fingers crawled up Tony’s spine, feeling every bump and curve. He could feel Tony’s heart pounding in his chest, through his hand between his shoulder blades, from his chest where they were pressed together.
“I hope this isn’t how you plan to make any future exceptions,” Steve teased. “Because I enjoy this method, but I don’t think I’d appreciate it being used on anyone else.”
Tony’s grip on his back tightened and he spun them to the side, yelling, “Hey, watch it!” to a couple oblivious of the other people on the floor. “Idiots,” Tony shook his head.
And stared.
Sure enough, Tony started appearing in the footage, a blur of red and gold firing bursts of blue towards the Dreadnoughts. Soon the rest of the Avengers began to appear, Bucky and Thor most noticeable thanks to the shield and the lightning cutting through the air. But Steve’s focus was on Tony, trying to watch him at all times and growing increasingly frustrated when the cameras failed to follow him.
“I’ll be right back.”
Tony glanced around at the tinsel and paper chains which adorned the workshop, courtesy of DUM-E and U. It seemed perfectly acceptable to him, as did the Christmas songs JARVIS was piping through the speakers.
He wanted to wake up with his alpha beside him, he wanted to raise Ellie with someone by his side, he even wanted to talk about having more kids in the future because being a father was more than he’d ever dreamed it could be and he would love to give Ellie a sibling or two to boss around.
“He used to be,” Tony corrected. “Until he betrayed me to Obie. Stane.”
“You are a disaster,” Tony shook his head. He turned back to Steve, a feeling in his gut telling him something wasn’t right. Before he could question it, the door banged open and Bucky strolled in.
“You can say thank you,” Alexander murmured, his eyes lingering on Steve’s mouth. “Just you and I. Like you used to.”
“I might have an idea,” Tony said tentatively, glancing at Steve for permission.
“Get in line,” Steve chuckled. “Will you come with me when I meet with Marci in a couple of days?”
“If you’d prefer I can do knife tricks,” Tony called after him.
“It’s me,” Bucky called out.
“Yeah.”
29,800 results.
“I like her,” Happy told Tony. “And you are most welcome.”
“You make… a compelling… compelling argument,” Tony murmured between kisses.
Tony paused.
Clint rolled his eyes, noticing Wanda eyeing Tony’s abs and feeling a surge of annoyance because, whatever, Stark’s abs weren’t
Tony didn’t have much experience when it came to caring for other people. Not unless you counted Rhodey and the truly epic hangover of ‘02. Cap decided to sic him on Matt once after one of the many times he’d been hauled out of a dumpster, but that didn’t involve care so much as keeping one eye on Matt and one eye on the exits, because for a blind guy, Matt was fucking sneaky.
He had to get out of here. But not without Tony.
“My best friend took me to LA for my twenty first birthday to see them play the Braves,” Steve said.
“I’m not,” Steve replied, even though he totally was. Or, as the voice which sounded suspiciously like Bucky said, he didn’t know when to stop digging.
“Sorry,” Tony grimaced. “She was getting antsy. Think she wants you.”
“She’s never had a birthday before,” Arnie teased. “I think she’s entitled to be excited.”
“Yeah, she called me and Barnes too,” Tony nodded.
“Getting coffee with Tony Stark. Have you seen my keys?”
“Thanks JARVIS,” Bucky murmured. “Alright, Tony, if we got into the shipping company, could you find details on who they’re sending this stuff to? And where they’re getting it from?”
“Very good. You’re not a complete idiot like the majority of your species. If you find Polaris, you can navigate. You can work out east and west, even your latitude and longitude if you have the right equipment. You can go anywhere.”
He was a dick and Clint would rather punch him in the nose than ask him for a favour. But he’d been doing things he wouldn’t normally do for Bobbi since he met her, so why change the habits of a lifetime now?
Ivan stared back, nonplussed, but Tony thought he saw a flicker of disappointment. Then Ivan nodded to his goons and the three of them left.
Tony tensed, his eyes going distant, and Steve’s heart sank. Had he unknowingly tripped over one of Tony’s many triggers again?
Tony smiled then without warning, he flipped them over, pushing Steve onto his back and straddling his thigh so their legs tangled together. Steve grinned up at him, looking ridiculously smug, like he knew what Tony was up to the entire time. Maybe he did. Leaning his hands against Steve’s shoulders, Tony bent down and kissed him slowly, smiling into the kiss when Steve groaned into it.
The air all around him began to shimmer, and his heart sank. The shimmer faded away as they disengaged stealth mode.
“I know, I’m sorry,” he murmured. “I’m just… thinking.”
“Barton? What do you think?” Tony asked.
“It is,” Steve smiled.
“And I guess standing up for you is still a reflex.”
“Being a vigilante and a lawyer is kind of a conflict of interest,” Tony explained.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“It’s a beautiful ring,” Natasha said truthfully. “And I only just met her, but from my first impression of Pepper, it seems perfect.”
In a move which went disastrously wrong the first time they tried it, Tony lifted Steve’s right knee just enough for Tony to slip his leg out from underneath and open it. “Hands on my shoulders,” Tony murmured.
Clint shrugged. “Came to see where the magic happens.”
“Atta boy,” Bucky smirked. “Take the man wench and steal the window seats,”
“Yeah? Well, it sure looks and sounds like you do.”
“That’s not what I’m getting at. I’m guessing you told your team?”
Tony’s breath caught in his throat.
Steve forgot about eating as he watched the fight, his fear for Tony only growing the longer it went on. The Avengers would fight back, gain the advantage, and then suddenly the robots would be overpowering them and Steve was barely holding back his tears. He tried to subtly wipe the stray moisture from beneath his eyes.
“Here and here.”
“Flawless.”
“Okay, I’m going to get you some morphine,” Bruce promised, his mind already racing through the possibilities. Back pain, stomach pain; could be appendicitis or pancreatitis. Kidney stones, perhaps? An ovarian cyst? “In the meantime, I’m going to order an abdominal CT and I’ll give you a pelvic ultrasound.”
Steve raised his head. “And I’ll keep telling you that for as long as it takes for your brain to listen.”
Steve blinked.
“And who’s your friend?” Natasha asked, glancing to the man with the terrified expression, biting his nails in the corner of the cubicle.
“Listen, I’m trying to find someone.”
“Hey,” Steve called.
“I think I need some air,” Steve choked.
Tony tilted his head back, looking up at him thoughtfully. “You do.”
Tony grimaced, knowing what was coming before the blow connected with Clint’s stomach.
“That’s what I’m here for,” Bucky shrugged. “To kick your ass when you’re being a fucking idiot.”
“Yeah, I guess you probably do,” Steve agreed, some of the tension bleeding out of him.
“Seems okay,” she shrugged. “I haven’t had much of a chance to talk to him. He did a good job with that patient he brought in. It was risky but it really paid off. He saved that guy’s life.”
“Wilson!” Tony snapped, his patience running out. “I’m not checking up on you. I need your help.”
“Luchino Nefaria is guilty. This trial is to decide upon a punishment for his many crimes.
He spotted his father from a block away, sitting at a table by the window, arms folded and eyes scanning the crowd.
“Everything ready for next week?” Arnie asked.
Steve clenched his jaw, staring across the street where he saw a child sitting on their father’s shoulders. He watched them disappear across the street, anger churning in his gut.
“Tony?”
“Get off of me,” Steve snapped, trying and failing to pull his arm from Joseph’s hold.
Tony turned on the spot, picking his way through the rubble, trying to put the pieces together. None of this made sense. Why set off a bomb for no other reason than to, apparently, take Steve? Tony loved Steve more than anything in the world, but that was crazy. If they wanted to take Steve, there were easier ways to do it.
“Oh.”
Steve turned back to the man - creature? Thing? Being? - and stared at him. He stared straight back at Steve, his chin lifted defiantly and his teeth bared, but there was, was that… fear in his eyes?
“That sounds good,” Steve whispered, turning to brush their lips together.
“Uh, okay,” he shrugged. “Peg’s been coaching me on the questions and making sure I’ve got all my dates and stuff. The DA called again yesterday to check up on me.”
“Whatever you want to do,” Tony replied. He peered over Steve’s shoulder. “Is that the girl Angie was talking about?”
“See? This is why I bring you along,” Daniel teased, putting the perfume back before heading towards the cash registers.
Tony smiled to himself.
. I wanna look at my kid, and know I love them more than anything in the world. So, uh, yeah. I want kids. Someday.” He swallowed nervously. “D’you want kids?”
Tony could hear the note of frustration in Steve’s voice, remembered his veto on begging, and he really didn’t want to make Steve beg if he didn’t want to. Sex where everyone involved wasn’t 100% onboard was not Tony’s thing.
How else was he supposed to explain it?
“No. We haven’t,” Steve shook his head. He offered her his hand. “Steve.”
Tony frowned at him, but Matt just smiled enigmatically. Then Bucky started to grin; realising Bucky was looking somewhere over his shoulder, Tony turned, his jaw falling open.
“Maybe,” Tony nodded.
Clint narrowly avoided Sharon as she sprinted down the hall, glancing over his shoulder to see her disappear into the restroom. He shrugged. Shifts were like that sometimes. He stepped into the nurses’ station and almost tripped over a pair of feet sticking out from underneath the desk. Steadying himself against the back of a chair, Clint ducked his head and confirmed his suspicion that the feet belonged to Steve.
“Stark Industries,” Steve echoed. “Huh. Wow.”
Steve sighed. “It’s been building for a while,” he admitted. “I’ve been struggling. With the whole
Until Steve’s voice asked, “Shit, are you okay?”
“Don’t know,” he frowned. “It’s definitely not supposed to be there.”
“You don’t have to thank me for letting you see your daughter,” he insisted. “I should be apologising for not telling you earlier.”
“I almost didn’t talk to you for a week,” Peggy added.
“Seriously? Shit.”
“If you say it was like losing a limb, I’m gonna throw my arm at you again!”
“You’re welcome,” Tony replied, holding out his hand for a fist bump Evie Rose obligingly provided.
“Did you forget that I was the only one who knew that Steve and Tony were married?” Bruce pointed out. “Because I know how to use Google.”
A small smile spread across his face and suddenly Steve didn’t care about his own feelings. It didn’t matter, because Tony would be free.
“You can just say
Tony couldn’t resist kissing him again, just because he could.
“No,” he replied, frustration evident. “There’s obviously something wrong - I can see there’s something wrong - but I have no idea what it is. I’ve run every test I can think of and nothing. Her CAT and CT scans are clear. There is nothing wrong with her on paper, but look at her.” He gestured towards Frigga Borson who was swaying back and forth in front of the coffee machine.
“The guy Clint had?”
“That’s the plan,” Tony murmured into his ear.
Unless Tony had a right to Stark Industries.
Tony’s fingers found his prostate, and Steve whined. Need bubbled in his stomach, rising up his throat so quickly, he felt like he might choke on it. Another press of Tony’s fingers, Tony swallowing him down again, and Steve came with a sound that felt like it’d been punched out of him. His eyes rolled back, and for a moment, Steve forgot to breathe.
“Let’s get you out of here,” Steve whispered. “Time for you to enjoy some freedom.”
Calls involving kids were always the worst.
Tony let out a tired chuckle. “Fine. I didn’t sleep great.”
Steve tilted his head back onto Tony’s shoulder, enjoying the way the alcohol was making him loosen up, and smiled up at him.
“Completely gorgeous,” Steve added, before leaning forward and lowering his voice. “And, uh, last night, was very hot.”
“Luchino Nefaria.”
“Right back atcha, legs.”
“You’re buying a house?” Tony exclaimed.
“Yeah. So I replace the capacitor?”
“Uh, yeah,” Steve replied. “It was a misunderstanding.”
Tony huffed. “Do you think he’s going to get away with it?”
Wasn’t it?
Saying a silent prayer, Steve put the key in the ignition. He squeezed his eyes shut and turned it.
“I think you’ll find I saved your life first,” Tony pointed out, his eyes sparkling.
Clint blinked.
“Good to know,” he murmured.
He sent over his number, figuring with Tony’s concerns about security that he wouldn’t want to put his own number out there like that. A moment later, his phone buzzed with a new message on StarkChat from an unknown number. Steve opened the message and laughed.
“Help me do what?” Steve added.
“You wanna dance?” Tony asked, leaning close. He didn’t really need to lean in, Steve could hear him perfectly well even over the music, which meant he was doing it just to be closer to Steve. A frisson of excitement danced up Steve’s spine.
“Wait, what?” Steve shifted so they were face to face.
Bucky snorted. “Sure you did.”
“Yeah,” Steve replied, obviously halfway through cleaning his teeth from his muffled voice.
“Fantastic. Good man. You can… take the afternoon off,” Tony decided. “I’m going to.”
Steve paused in typing without looking up. He sighed, then continued. “Yeah.”
Something clawed at his throat; Tony coughed once, then twice, then a third time until he was wheezing for air. He opened his eyes, but his vision blurred. Squeezing his eyes shut again, he rubbed the corner of his eyes with his thumb and forefinger before opening his eyes again, blinking until his vision cleared and he saw Bucky leaning over him with a worried expression and dust smeared across his face.
“You don’t need to call me sir,” Tony grimaced. “Uh, hang on a second. Give me… one minute…”
“Dude. Come on!”
“What are you doing here?” Steve asked again.
Natasha pulled her phone from her pocket as it vibrated against her hip, rolling her eyes when she saw Sharon’s name onscreen.
Tony smiled at him, then murmured, “Bye Steve.”
“Now, here we have Iron Man,” Steve began and he could feel the surprise and confusion from the crowd.
“What other option is there?” Steve muttered, scrubbing his hands over his face.
It wasn’t hard. His name was on her birth certificate.
Twenty minutes later, he had everything on the list and his car had a distinct aroma of fish. It wasn’t even five am and the sun was just beginning to peek over the horizon and turn the sky in a washed-out baby blue, but Steve experienced a sense of achievement for the first time in… well, probably since before he moved to LA.
But there was no one to answer. Because there was no one to hear. Because Steve was alone, except for a roommate who deserved better than dealing with Steve’s useless ass, and it was all his fault. He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes until he saw stars.
Tony slowed his pace, dropping back from hard thrusts to moving his hips in small circles, chuckling at Steve’s pout.
“Nobody to miss me. Well, I have a roommate. He’d probably notice. And he has a girlfriend, Sharon. She’s nice. She’d probably notice if I wasn’t there.”
“Merry Christmas, Director,” Tony called. “Hey, wait!”
No, that was too much. She wouldn’t do that.
"Sure," Steve nodded, heading to the kitchen and filling a glass. He heard a quiet murmur of voices behind him, and caught sight of Foggy leaning close to Tony in the reflection on the glass doors of the kitchen cabinets. "Here you are."
“Yeah, I’m fine. Just scratches,” Johnny shrugged.
It had barely started when a knock on the door echoed through the apartment. Tony frowned and glanced at his watch. Night shift had started and everyone he was friends with was working tonight. Except…
“I’m not boring! I got kidnapped by a supervillain just two months ago!” Steve objected.
“Hi.” Tony’s eyes scanned Steve from head to toe. “I didn’t think you’d come.”
Nothing.
Back in his own room, Steve shucked his jeans and shirt before pulling on his white slacks and matching white blazer, foregoing a shirt, before pulling on the wings which completed his angel outfit.
“Because it’s my birthday,” Tony replied, as though that explained everything. Steve chuckled, pulling out what had become his chair on Tony’s left and taking a seat.
Instead, he picked up the net and moved to the edge of the pool to begin scooping out the debris from the water under Tony’s watchful eye.
He watched her go, then he sat down at his computer for the last time and printed out the letter he’d written up during the last class. Then he logged out of his account and took down the post-it note he’d stuck on the screen on his first day to remind himself of his password and crumpled it into a ball, tossing it into the trash.
“Why do you need a lawyer?”
Steve smiled, leaning up to brush their lips together.
But before Tony could gather his courage, Steve asked, “Hungry?”
“I was drunk, okay?”
. Even through Steve’s bunged up nose and distorted taste-buds, he could tell this was some of the best cooking he’d ever tasted.
“The thing we don’t talk about? Yeah.”
Tony frowned. Then he put down his mug and waved his hand, the holo-display disappearing between them.
Picking up his mug and his pasta, Steve left the staffroom and headed back towards his classroom, biting back a growl when he heard a small voice gasp, “That’s him!”
The door was open and Steve was standing there, in pyjama pants and bare chested, looking adorably sleep-rumpled. Just the sight of him had Tony’s eyes filling up and his throat closed.
“The books?” Tony frowned. “What’s wrong with the books? Did I get the wrong ones?”
“Shut up Stark,” Marci called, without looking up from the laptop screen she and Foggy were hunched over.
“Guess not.”
“And, uh, what exactly are you supposed to be?” Tony asked.
Pulling himself away, Steve resumed his perusal of the boxes before realising he had no idea what he was looking for. He could probably pick out prawns, but how to tell the difference between saltwater and freshwater prawns, he had no idea. Nor did he know what the difference between halibut and pollock was.
Marci fixed him with a look. Foggy glanced at Tony, who nodded.
“Oh, so it was another merman who stabbed me in the leg then?” Steve retorted.
Tony was striking, and not just because of his mismatched eyes or the gills on his neck. Even though Steve had looked at him multiple times before, it was only now that it really started to sink in how stunning he was.
He grabbed his satchel, running to catch up with Bucky, who was already out the door and heading down the hall.
Bruce eyed him suspiciously. Out of the corner of his eye, Steve noticed a flicker of movement beneath the water, then Tony burst through the surface, teeth bared and fury in his eyes. And wielding his knife.
“Deal,” Tony chuckled, pulling him in for another kiss.
“This is Ellie,” Steve explained. He brushed his lips across her forehead. “My pup.”
When Tony finally appeared, walking through the debris, faceplate up and hauling a hunk of dead robot, Steve almost cried out in relief. He pressed his fist to his mouth and blinked furiously. He let out a ragged sigh of relief and sat back in his chair.
The door opened at the other end of the warehouse and Ivan reappeared in a fresh tracksuit - did he carry a spare with him at all times just in case of obstinate archers spitting blood all over it? - with more friends. Bigger friends, Tony realised.
“I think I love you.”
“Wanna try something simple? There’s apple. I could cut a few slices for you?”
“Bye,” Steve called.
A gentle tap on the door broke him out of his thoughts. Angie was leaning against the doorframe, a sympathetic look on her face.
“Probably the Tracksuit Mafia.”
“Yeah?” Steve smiled.
Steve’s heart pounded against his chest.
Clint slumped in defeat.
“Cut it? There’s probably a better way than this.”
Steve frowned.
“What? Why?” Steve frowned.
“I saw him on a promotional video from Dream Master Inc. when the school I work at was announced as one of the winners of their inaugural awards. In… March. March… March 21st,” he worked out.
“Hi JARVIS,” Steve grinned.
“It’s snuck up on me,” Clint explained. “Didn’t even see it coming until I was too far in.”
“Uh, no,” he chuckled. “I’m Captain America and I’m an omega who has a pup out of bond. That’s a lot for anybody.”
“Not bad,” he grinned.
Marci snorted, reaching across Foggy to clink her glass against Tony’s.
“Um, in two hours?”
Steve looked up from the box he was re-packing for the fourth time to glare at Angie, who was leaning against the doorframe, smirking at him and eating Swedish Fish.
Steve’s face shuddered.
“You love my pup,” Steve said.
Then Tony and Ellie left and the apartment was blessedly silent.
“Mer.”
“See what I mean?” Loki sighed. “Mother, I’ll be back in a few hours. Dr. Banner is going to take care of you.”
“You don’t look fine,” Rhodey called after him.
Steve balanced on one foot, supporting the bag of takeout with his other knee to free up a hand to unlock his apartment. He winced, wobbling from side to side, biting back a growl because of course the lock had to choose today to stick. Without warning, it swung open and Steve stumbled into the apartment. Glaring at the door, Steve kicked it closed with a, “Yeah, well, screw you.”
“He flirted with my boyfriend once,” Stark shrugged. “Normally I don’t do jealousy, but we’d only been dating a few weeks and I really liked him. So, his kid?”
(Could Steve still be classed as ‘new’ when they’d been together for almost six months?)
“And I don’t like Starks.”
Natasha’s mouth curved into a smile and he gave her a look like he wasn’t sure if she was messing with him or not. Four months and Stark still didn’t know how to read her. Which was just how she liked it.
Whoever ‘ironfangary’ was, they clearly followed Tony’s career as Iron Man closely. The playlist was extensive, covering everything from Iron Man’s first appearances before Tony revealed his identity to the world, all the way to the Dreadnoughts attack of the Tower less than two weeks ago. Steve had to skip that clip. It was too recent, too raw, the memory of Tony’s PTSD still etched in his mind’s eye.
Hogarth hummed. Steve’s skin crawled as everyone stared at him. Then Hogarth announced, “No more questions, Your Honour,” and sat down with a satisfied little smile on her face.
“Then maybe you should’ve fought for me.”
He knew he needed help - hell, he’d known for a long time, but he’d always convinced himself that he was
“I only did what anyone would’ve done.”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“I should wrap your arm,” Steve whispered.
Alexander smiled at him then turned back to Warren. “I will leave you in Steve’s very capable hands. But think about what I said.”
“Yeah.”
“Reminds me of some’a the mob hits back in the day,” Bucky hummed. “I used to know some of the Irish. They could even drink Thor under the table!”
“Take a seat.”
“Working already?” Sharon teased, nodding towards Natasha’s phone as they fell into step. “Don’t you know that saying about all work and no play?”
“Blasphemy,” Steve gasped, pressing a hand to his chest. “You’re never too old for Disney movies.”
Then she swept out of the ER with her son trotting on behind her.
“Honey,” Tony smiled, taking Steve’s hand in his. “I have lots of money. We are giving him a very small amount and if it means he never touches you again, then I am more than willing to pay.”
“Hey.”
They released each other just long enough to scramble out of their clothes. Steve’s feet got caught in his jeans and he wobbled, pitching dangerously to the side, but Tony caught him and dragged him back upright. Giggling, Steve buried his face into Tony’s shoulder, feeling it shake with Tony’s own laughter.
“Mr Stark? Mr Stark?”
Tony raised his head, and his eyes were shining with tears. “Wish I knew what I’d done to make everyone hate me so much,” he whispered with a humourless smile.
Steve accepted Rhodey and Sharon’s invite to dinner but he let them carry the conversation. He knew he should participate or tell them that technically he was their new boss, but reality was sinking in and he’d realised that he would never see Tony again.
“No problem, sweetheart,” he whispered, leaning forward and kissing her forehead. “Sleep tight.”
There was only one thing he hated more, more than macular degeneration and being an administrator and the board of directors all put together, and now that one thing was working in his ER.
“Mr Rogers, you have to see how it looks.”
“At least shower,” Rhodey huffed. “And for the love of God, eat something with actual nutritional value. You’re going to get scurvy.”
“I need to get laid,” Clint muttered.
(In the beginning, when his heart started doing that weird jumping thing, Johnny wondered if something was wrong with him. Eventually, he realised it only happened when he was around Peter, or looking at Peter, or thinking about Peter.)
“Listen, Alexander,” he began. “Thanks for earlier, with Batroc. I appreciate it. And I know things got… complicated with us when we broke up. But I’m glad to see we can work together for two weeks without making a big deal out of it. It was a long time ago and it had nothing to do with anyone here.”
“Look at you,” Tony grinned, but there was something off about his smile. “Out there making friends. Almost like a real boy. Careful, you don’t want anyone to realise you’re really made of wood.”
Tony spun on his heel, spreading his arms and saying, “You love me.”
“You’ll be a great dad.”
“And you?” Steve asked.
“What about friends? You must have friends?”
“Doesn’t matter,” Stane replied. “I made sure he never saw any of it. And I’ll make sure you never tell anyone what you know.”
Steve felt like he’d gone on one of Tony’s insane runs with him, or like he’d pulled a double shift and it wasn’t even two AM. He still had most of the shift to go. Which was why he was risking Clint’s wrath and germs by using the coffee pot. He poured himself a cup of black coffee, wincing a little at the taste and wondering not for the first time how on earth his husband could drink this stuff.
A flash of red caught her eye as she returned to the nurses’ station; glancing up, Sharon saw Natasha heading into a room on the other side of the ER. Her stomach twisted again. Sharon swallowed, pressing a hand against her abdomen.
“That bag insult your mother or something?”
For the first time, Tony allowed himself to admit it: he was lonely.
“Never. I can tell you right now he’s never been to one.”
“That’s if he gets back on time,” Hope reminded them. “Remember Sharon’s last deployment? It got extended by a month.”
“I took a cab to Castello Malvagio,” he began. “There was a gala to mark the opening of the casino and I’d been invited with Tony. Tony Stark. As his plus one. I got there and I entered the building. I met Tony and Bucky, uh, James Buchanan Barnes and Matthew Murdock in the ballroom. We spoke briefly and then Tony and I went onto the dance floor. That’s the last thing I remember until I woke up in a room I’d never seen before with Luchino Nefaria and another man.”
It was four in the morning.
“He says like I didn’t see him eat a whole bag of Cheetos half an hour ago,” Bucky added. “Hey Stevie.”
Steve nodded.
He scrolled through all the information on the company, its financial history and stock prices, when something jumped out at him. The company ran a casino boat which operated out of the Chelsea Piers called the Guiletta. Running a quick search, he found that she left the dock twenty three minutes ago. Taking into account travel time, that would give them just enough time for them to take Steve from Castello Malvagio to the Chelsea Piers.
“Look, just hear me out.”
“Hey, did you see that guy in cubicle three?” Scott whispered, leaning over the desk towards Steve.
“I am,” Steve replied.
Steve rolled his eyes, pulling off his backpack and removing the box of fish, which did in fact include Tony’s favourite salmon, and passing it over.
“I’ll see you around, Dr Stark,” Pym said.
“Fifty two?”
This isn't the end of the Sunflower Verse. I plan on starting work on part three later in the year.
“And homemade focaccia,” Natasha finished, putting the bread into the centre of the table before taking the seat between Steve and Thor.
He hung up and felt something settle in him at the idea of taking control. Relying on Tony still nagged at him, but it was less uncomfortable than the idea of being forced out.
“Oh, to have your confidence,” Tony sighed. “Sorry, Pep.”
Post-coital declarations of love were never a good idea though. And it didn’t matter; they were already exclusive and planning on being in it for the long haul. There was no hurry, Steve decided as they cleaned up.
But he would be lying if he said he wasn’t considering calling him.
“Uh, yeah. Yeah, I’m okay,” Bruce nodded. In truth, he wasn’t sure how he felt. He felt kind of… empty.
“Rude,” Tony muttered. It took him a moment to locate the remote, selecting yes and settling back to watch another episode.
“Gee, I don’t know,” Tony retorted. “Maybe because humans captured me, kidnapped me, trapped me, abused me and, oh, abandoned me. But other than that, not a damn thing.”
But Steve was the only person not here, the only one to vanish without a trace in the explosion, so it was possible-
“Aw crap,” Steve muttered.
“Yeah.”
“Tony,” he breathed.
“You snooze, you lose,” Tony grinned.
Sharon was nice like that. She often invited Steve along, and Rhodey, because he was a good guy, bore it with good grace and never looked pissed off. Probably because by now he knew Steve was unlikely to agree.
Of course.
And now they were grinning at each other like idiots again.
“Interesting workout gear,” Fury commented, his eye lingering on Steve’s jeans.
“Uh, okay. I guess,” Steve agreed.
Tony groaned, tilting his head back and weaving his fingers through Steve’s hair.
He’d called Tony before he arrived and Tony told him that everything was set up for him, he just needed to scan his palm print at the elevator and he would have access to the floor set aside for him, and then Tony promised to stop by after his board meeting.
The fight was over, Steve saw when he sat down, but he couldn’t see Tony. Bucky was giving a statement which consisted of
! And we were covered in a shower of innards!”
Tony hummed. “A bubble bath sounds amazing right now. What do you think?”
It was Tony.
“How bad is it?” Maria asked.
So he packed up his few measly possessions and Ellie and started working on accepting the fact that he was going to live in Manhattan.
“Tomorrow,” Tony echoed.
She looked the same. Same long blonde hair, same bright eyes, still as beautiful as she was the last time he saw her when everything fell apart.
“Shh,” Tony whispered, pressing his lips to Steve’s stomach. “It’s okay, I’ve got you. I’ve got you,” he repeated, a lump forming in his throat.
“Uh huh.”
Steve snorted. He hung back while Daniel bought the scarf, pulling his phone from his pocket and scrolling through Tumblr while he waited.
“Evie Rose, cover your eyes,” he ordered.
There was no point getting his hopes up. Tony might adore Ellie but the chances of him being interested in anything more with Steve were virtually nonexistent.
“Sounds good.”
“Uh, I brought the cod today. And some prawns. And there’s apples in there too.”
“Hey you,” Tony replied. “Hi Angie.”
“Tony…”
“Bye,” Steve called.
“Steve? You there?”
“So, Dr. Pierce, huh?”
“Apparently we all had an off day tonight,” Hope sighed, staring across the parking lot, where Stark was climbing onto a motorbike and offering Steve a second helmet. Steve huffed. Then he took the helmet but leaned down and kissed Stark thoroughly.
“Steve, if he hadn’t kept you out of the media for almost a year and this had happened when you first started dating? You would’ve run for the hills and lost the best thing that’s ever happened to you.”
“I’ll have you know I almost auditioned for my high school drama club,” Bobbi replied, tossing her hair and laughing.
“Thank you,” Natasha smiled. “Do you mind if I check something?”
“Steve, do you want kids?”
“Would this ex be willing to help?”
So he got back to work. He told himself that doing even this little thing to protect Tony was enough. He was doing what he could, and that was all that mattered.
Steve’s eyes flickered between them like he was watching a tennis match; Stane walked slowly along the outline of the pool while Tony remained in the middle of the water, watching Stane with narrowed eyes. He was watching a predator at work, Steve realised.
“See you,” Tony echoed. “And I want Playdoh sloth pictures!”
“And you decided to get a tattoo of Dr. Stark?”
“I was riding my bike,” Johnny explained. “My boyfriend was with me. And there was this car, this… red Buick, I think, it came out of nowhere, it was coming the other way and came into my lane. I swerved and I missed it, but the bike skidded on the gravel at the side of the road and, and it fell. Peter got hurt so I called an ambulance.”
“Kind of a long story,” Tony sighed. “On a mission of mercy or something, I don’t know. Trying to find Nick Fury.”
“Look, give it a few days, give yourselves some space to calm down. Then sit down and talk,” he suggested. “Really talk. No yelling. And tell him you love him already because, Jesus Christ, Steve, Tony’s the only person who doesn’t know it yet.”
He’d never met the Avengers before - except for Bucky, of course - but Steve recognised them instantly from pictures and video clips and new reports. Hell, Tumblr was filled with photos and fan art of them almost every day. Bruce Banner and Natasha Romanoff were in the kitchen, while Bucky sprawled in a chair at the head of the table, drinking beer with Thor. And Clint Barton was leaning over the island with a determined expression.
He handed Ellie over. As Steve had predicted, she was sticky with peanut butter but he didn’t care as she snuggled into his chest and murmured, “Pa.”
“Oh, hi Dr. Romanoff,” he replied.
“He is scarily efficient,” Tony realised as the doors closed behind Ari. “He might even give Pepper a run for her money."
“You saved my life.”
, Steve realised.
“Did you… Are you making a joke?” Steve exclaimed. He indicated to the blood seeping through his jeans. “Is this funny to you?”
“I did notice the shiner. That’s why I’m here instead of Peggy, right?”
“Seriously?” Bucky called. “Right in front of my leftovers?”
Arnie hummed, turning his attention back to Ellie.
“You always do,” Steve agreed, glancing over his shoulder.
“Any luck?” Tony called as Steve emerged.
“Oh.”
This time he was looking for it, so he noticed the strange shimmer in the air, dodging the next blow by the skin of his suit. Unfortunately, he was so busy dodging one attack, he missed the second and the third, which had him tossed through the air like a hacky sack in a playground.
Near the end of the row, Tony came to a sudden stop, causing Steve to bump into his back. To Tony’s delight, Steve didn’t pull away, remaining pressed up against his back, their hands caught between them.
The forty minute shower when they’d arrived back at the apartment from the courthouse helped too.
They stepped outside, took three steps into the night before they were dazzled by white lights bursting into life.
“Call Ms Potts,” Steve ordered, hurrying towards the stairs. “I’m going to change, I’ll be back in five minutes. Oh, Ari?” he added, leaning over the bannister on the second floor. “How’s your eye for design?”
“Hold still,” Angie murmured, wielding the liquid eyeliner like a magic wand.
“Yeah, fake hotel,” Clint joined in. “Somebody built a ballroom and an empty shell and then blew it up with us inside it. You wanna know who’s behind it, I’m going to suggest you look to whoever built this place. Dream-whatever they’re called.”
A hundred and one couldn’t hurt though, right?
“That’s okay,” Steve shrugged. His lips twitched upwards. “How long does a divorce take in Texas?”
With that sobering thought, Steve returned to the pool room. He tried not to let the potential loss of such a large piece of Hollywood’s architectural history bring him down, and instead did his best to enjoy exploring. Off of the swimming pool was what remained of a billiard room. The table was gone, but the light fitting which would’ve hung low, illuminating the table through the fog of cigar smoke, still remained. The sunlight glinted off of the gold plating and the green glass.
“A few weeks after I told you about his cancer,” Steve finished. “Tony… Why?”
As they waited in line, making small talk, Steve tried to get his brain in order. He was happy to see Tony, he was, but he also… wasn’t? No, that wasn’t quite right. He was… angry with Tony? Maybe not angry, but irritated at least. Like a niggling itch beneath his skin, demanding attention.
“Since last Tuesday.”
“You are so beautiful,” Tony murmured. “I ever tell you that?”
“What do you think I mean? I press the on button and nothing happens.”
“Yeah,” Steve lied gruffly, pulling on his seatbelt.
“Or,” Bruce said, “You murder me and bury me in a shallow grave somewhere.”
“Shit,” Steve hissed. “Ah, shit.”
He waited until Pierce headed towards the locker room, then turned towards his husband. His husband who was being uncharacteristically silent and smirking to himself.
“What is it, Tony?” Rhodey asked, softening his tone.
“Hey! Hey, doc! Come on, you can’t just leave me here! What the fuck, man?” Wilson bellowed after him but Tony just kept walking.
Before Steve could call him out on it, Bucky levelled Tony with a glare and said, “Bullshit. Wanna try that again?”
Instead, he kissed Tony again, like they were drowning, desperate, needy, pulling Tony as close as possible.
again, I think I’ve developed a Pavlovian response.”
Tony glanced up from the Dreadnought he was disassembling at Bucky’s exclamation, and found him gaping at the workshop in fascinated horror.
“Hey,” Tony beamed, leaning in to kiss Steve.
“Uh, no.”
A burst of laughter surprised Steve. He shook his head.
Steve swallowed.
“It’s okay, Peter,” Sharon assured him. “Your relationship status doesn’t affect your health so I don’t have to tell her anything.” Relief flooded both boys’ faces. “Sit tight, I’ll be back soon,” she promised.
“Thought you’d say that.”
“Hey,” Steve murmured, then leaned down to kiss him.
And like a glutton for punishment, he kept coming back for more.
