"There always is," Uriel says dismissively.
"Uriel..." I say as a warning.
"Kill them, Castiel. That's an order."
Orders are orders.
"Keep what you have just seen between us until further notice! Now go back to your stations, all except for Castiel. Dismissed!"
Silence.
Miz and I peer at the city, looking for the demon.
It is so unusual to see our brother who is always so self-assured like this, it silences us all. Only when Virgil lays his hand on Uriel's shoulder and flies away with him, do all my brothers leave Abel's Paradise in dismay.
(See the end of the chapter for
That's the easiest explanation for Dean to understand it. There's no need for me to detail the seals' mechanism and the energy they hold.
, how would he react if he found out that one of my soldiers has been constantly watching him these past few days and not interfering?
out of me, as you say. I'm quite a strong soldier though. He was no ordinary demon and it would have taken at least a hundred Angels or the power of an Archangel to defeat him."
He steps a few meters away, leaving me alone in front of Dean, who is down at my feet, breathing hard and looking pale.
Hester sits beside me, winking at me with a warm look in his eyes.
"Told you so. They're here for the free drinks. The more we linger in the Purgatory, the more they think you look tasty."
I pinch my lips and take a look at Levanael, Pmox and Miz.
"Who, Amelia?"
," I hiss, pressing my forehead against hers.
All Angels drawn or sculpted by Humans since the last Apocalypse display a white-skinned human appearance with dove-like wings, very different from ours. Is this what Balthazar was aiming for when he picked out the human vessels bloodlines? Are these imaginary Angels
Uriel gives off a dismissive sniff, when a child in disguise - as is customary at this time of year, it would seem - holds out a small orange bucket full of candy to us.
A hand drops onto my shoulder.
The sound of his footsteps keeps getting farther away. I cannot fail this mission, nor can I lose the very small amount of trust I was able to earn from Dean. I have to give him some proof of my commitment and help him, but without the hierarchy viewing it as evidence of feelings or disobedience.
There are whispers running through the human crowd. Dawn is bathing in golden light the sea of heads turned towards the empty podium.
"I did what was necessary to save our brothers and sisters, Uriel. Once Alastair talks, we will finally know what weapon demons are using, and then we will have leverage to win this war."
"Dean, this was a
And all of this – the stakes driven into their chest, the extracted teeth, the countless agonies - was merely a figment of their imagination, much like the happiness of souls in Heaven is. Stripped of their carnal shell, these souls only feel a phantom suffering, directly drawn from their weak minds. A suffering that is no less strikingly real for them.
Sam's shifting face is contorted with anger, making his expression more demonic than ever.
"Come on, Cas, let's go."
Now I have his attention. I saw in his memories that he met the first demon that Lucifer created from an infant soul, before the Apocalypse, thousands of years ago.
We observe a reverent silence. No one ignores that what is written must come to pass, and that Destiny is one of the rules that God has set to rule His Creation.
"Castiel,
I nod quietly. If there is a chance, however small, to spare Dean yet another ordeal, I want to take it.
"CASTIEL!" Camael roars, snapping his wings open.
The look in my soldiers' eyes hardens, their wings are stirring, as if preparing to fly off at my command.
"DON’T!" she roars. "
"She's off to stop Uriel," he says in a neutral tone.
"I don't understand."
"And who does this Paradise belong to? I see no Humans here."
Shocked whispering rises from as I open my eyes wide. Where is this nonsense coming from?
With time, I’ve come to understand Father's interest in His latest creations: they are complex, unpredictable, inventive and fascinating.
you."
"Fair enough. Let’s see the situation and we will call on Raphael if we really have to."
"I can't do that," I say in a hoarse voice. "It's my Mission."
I am confused too, but it is ill-advised to ask too many questions.
"You're right. Of course. It can only be demons."
"Well, I can see that," Uriel says, glaring at the demon. "You want to explain why you have that stain in the room?"
"Why?" Anael’s voice sounds curious.
"Aww you want him to like you for what you truly are, am I right? I didn't take you for the mushy type, Cassy!"
Good thing I don't have to poop or pee anymore either. A man taking a shit's the most vulnerable prey ever.
She is barefoot, only dressed in her pajamas. Over her soft oval-shaped face framed by short black hair, Anna's real face is floating, translucent, her fierce eyes staring at us with barely restrained anger.
I appear with a silent flap of my wings in a hotel room, just in time to hear a muffled cry of pain - Dean's voice - that immediately sets all my senses on alert. The air smells like blood and alcohol, but there are no enemies in sight.
I silently avert my eyes as crying mothers hold their inert, bloody children against them, and fathers are killed when they try to resist the armed soldiers. This is not the first time I've witnessed injustice, wars, slaughters and brutalities, and I have had my own share of responsibility in Egypt for obeying orders. Yet it is hard for me to remain unaffected by such a scene, the suffering of these mothers, the turmoil of these families, the terror of the children... and I can see the guilt of the soldiers in their troubled souls. They are obeying not because they understand or approve but because orders are orders.
All I can do is stare frozen at Anna, thoughts rushing around in my head. If I am to act, I have to do it now. But what should I do? What
"What did you do to him, Castiel?!"
Zedekiel's voice is growing more urgent, but whatever his problem is, he can wait a few more minutes.
I hear Humans screaming.
The place is practically empty and echoes with the hushed rustling of pages turning. The golden mist slowly swirls, clouding the never-ending shelves of books. There are only about three Angels here and there studying books, their backs bowed with their wings neatly folded. Behind her desk, Atropos doesn't seem to be paying any attention to us.
But all is not lost yet. Our mission is to rescue the righteous man, no matter whether he's broken or not. Because right now, Dean Winchester is Humanity's last hope. The last bulwark against the Apocalypse.
" Dean repeats with barely concealed sarcasm.
He drops his hands and glares at me with furious golden eyes.
All my anger fades away like mist in the wind. A faint uneasiness replaces it as I watch the autistic man's outline cut out in the light. Only now do I realize how unfair I've been to Dean, and how I've failed my duties. A General should know how to show composure, and not let a mere mortal's words upset him.
I nod, fully aware this is a heavy task I’ve been entrusted with. Human minds are complex, and I have no idea how different a Phoenix’s might be.
Once again, I do exactly as Balthazar advised, and concentrate on bringing lightning bolts out of the clouds gathered high in the sky, while spreading my wings behind my back for him to see their shadow. Judging by the subtle change in his eyes, it seems to be working. I clear out the clouds from the sky with and carefully fold my wings back.
. Covering such a distance takes dozens of seconds even if we hurry up, but it would seem like the Archangel did it in a split second, since he is already there when we finally reach the battlefield.
The Cherub finally releases me with a long wet sniffle and turns to Samandriel, his wings shaking.
"How was it...
In a swift wings beat, I leave the corridor and fly right into the celestial library's golden mist, between two gigantic shelves. Rows of books with golden carvings line up to the horizon. There is no one in sight and I hastily search for the specific book. Should the Sisters of Fate or any Angel or Cherub catch me stealing it, all will be lost.
"Alastair... Why didn't you tell me? We could have captured him! He's the demon currently ruling Hell and the one who tortured Dean Winchester!"
The wistful echo of a dog barking over the lonely whisper of the night.
I lower my eyes and wait for Camael to answer his own question. I'm listening to two conversations at once, I feel a bit overwhelmed.
There's nothing I haven't already tried, I'm running out of ideas. I never thought it would be so hard to get him to confess. Demons are usually quite easy to persuade. They have no sense of honor or duty, and they prioritize their own interests and survival over anything else.
God’s last chosen one’s voice rises loud and clear in the desert where we brought him. The sand is glittering like diamond powder in the sunlight. Cain is gazing up at us with the same confidence his parents used to display a few decades ago, hair undulating in the wind grazing over the dunes. The entire Garrison as well as Balthazar and Michael are surrounding him.
No time to waste. I’m already sending a distress call straight to Anna and the Archangels through my Grace.
Anna does just that - their clothes are now billowing in the gusts and flapping against their bodies. Judas flinches, terrified as he tries to shield his eyes from the dust with his arms. Anna raises her powerful voice to introduce herself as an Angel of the Lord.
"Death is busy, Davy! We can't bother him for such unimportant matters!"
The look in his eyes, though, is different. They’re holding a storm inside, blazing with wrath.
Siosp has been executed for blaspheming in front of the Archangels. I can't afford to let even the slightest hint of doubt filter through.
I meant to watch how he reacts, but I can't hold his gaze any longer. It makes me uncomfortable to betray Dean's trust and deceive him even more than I already have. I pray that he will show the compassion that I have so long sought from above, in vain.
It’s probably better to just ignore him. More often than not, my reactions merely embolden his insolence, and I've known Balthazar long enough to understand that there is no better way of dealing with him than to remain impassive.
He gives a pat on my shoulder as I struggle to find words to argue.
The Angel tilts his head to the side, looking pained.
"Him?" Dean says. "Really?"
I look up to the sky, ceasing my study of the behavior of Eve's creatures among Humans. My wings unfurl with a soft rustle and the next second I'm slicing through the air. A crisis meeting? Did the Mother of Monsters break her oath?
"They just scheduled a meeting and they want both of us to be there. I'm going to have to shorten your formation. You must have gotten some empty schedules shoved into your head, haven't you?"
Suddenly, I hear myself screaming in pain as he stabs my left wing down, pinning me to the ground. I can't stir a limb anymore, I'm paralyzed, and he's holding the sharp end of his own blade just above my face, threatening to finish me off if I make a move.
"So, Castiel, this is how we're going to proceed: just keep quiet and let me do all the talking. It's never wise to think on a mission. All you have to do is obey, it's that easy."
"My souls! My souls are escaping! Help me!"
Agonizing screams -
"You did the best you could," she says to Dean. "I forgive you."
"You should know, my dear Castiel, that when rehabilitation has failed once, a second one has almost no chance of being successful."
"Do you realize that at this very point in the timeline, we are in Heaven under Anna's orders? Pmox, Miz and Ephra are still alive. Have you ever considered that it would take so little to alter the course of events? If I could save Siosp and Camael..."
Everything happens very fast. Uriel is first to attack, handling two demons while I punch their leader, pounding my fist into his fist repeatedly. Once the enemy is stunned, I smash my open hand on his forehead, thrusting a purifying wave of my Grace into the body he's possessing.
"Yes."
favorite species had survived, Castiel."
"You're being dramatic. The proportions are remarkably well illustrated."
, especially for a Human!" Rachel rages on, pushing back Izraz who was trying to restrain her.
"Technically yes, even if it's still only a project plan, any Angel could in theory take a human vessel, provided that said Human has agreed to this. But in this very particular case, Azazel is no longer an Angel, but an abomination. I have no idea whether or not his new nature requires from him to obtain the vessel's consent."
There’s no time to waste. I grab one of the wandering souls we’ve been neglecting for months, and start reconstructing the body right away. By my side, Hester glances at me bemusedly.
Along with that soft voice comes a silky ruffle of feathers, making me stiffen. I turn my head just enough to catch a glimpse of Hester standing right behind me, her face locked into a blank expression.
. And I feel his hard-on pressing against my belly. Oh fuck, my brain's gonna explode.
I fight the urge to inform him that I healed him, that without me he wouldn't even be able to think, let alone talk. But I keep it to myself - that would be pure vanity, as a Guardian I am supposed to work in the shadows and not expect anything in return. Angels are not entitled to thanks or gratitude for their actions, for we only do what we are ordered to do.
I reach out to my former office door, but pause when I notice some agitation in the hallway. It looks like the Reapers are panicking. I don't know if they have received the same order we did, but they all have a human appearance, even though they have no wings and the aura they radiate is dull and dim. I let my hand drop to my side as I stare at a group of Reapers sharing heated whispers.
"No," I say, tightening my grip on my blade. "Camael has to die today. These are the orders."
For I have learned to love these flawed and unpredictable beings, their works of art, their courage and their bonds of family and love. I don't want to see the most precious piece of creation destroyed.
I give him a wary look.
"It’s a lot to absorb all at once, but you’ll get used to it. If there's one piece of advice I can give you, it's to take care of your reputation. Reputations tend to stick, especially bad ones. You have no idea how hard it is to collect credentials and responsibilities when you've gone through rehabilitation in your past - oh but I guess you know this already: Anna experienced this as well. You've got a fairly decent record, so don't mess it up. Because then you suffer the consequences for the rest of eternity. Ah! This is the administration, the office of forms and reports. This is where you'll deliver your mission reports and everything related."
"I was opposed to it." Gabriel throws me a sharp look. "A good old-fashioned execution would have been neater and faster. I was the one who gave Camael the idea of the seal he used on Cain, so it's partly because of me that he's in this situation today. Tearing an Angel's Grace off and shoving it into a Human's uterus? And making him a Messiah so the Humans will worship Dad by following a bunch of rules? I love my brothers, but there are times when I have this overwhelming urge to bang their heads together..."
A unique creature, whose human nature is totally intertwined with demonic putrefaction.
I close her report and file it with the others.
I look up at my brother. He's staring at me unblinkingly, unsmiling.
I stiffen and take a step forward, ready to obey his orders.
"This is not disobedience!" I snap back indignantly. "All I'm saying is that we can find a more efficient method that won't make the righteous man to hate us. Do I need to remind you that he's meant to defeat Lucifer
He is looking at me in amusement as the last of them finally comes in - all of the Garrison soldiers are here now. Should I put an end to such familiarity, now that I am their superior? This promotion caught me completely unprepared, and now I have to deal with many issues that I never thought I would have to face.
I'm going to teach them
"Jesus."
"Congratulations, Castiel! They couldn't possibly have chosen better than you!"
This time, I don't let the device go off. No matter how many times Jimmy pushes the button, the screen remains on.
. Anna wants to use my affection for Dean to push me into permanent downfall - to make me turn my back on God, on my family and on my nature, to become a disgusting creature, an insult to our Creator and Lord. A walking blasphemy.
Michael’s voice rises up, rolling like thunder on a summer night, and we listen.
The Cherub wrings his hands and nods again.
Balthazar's Grace stops drawing endless glowing equations and statistics tables and the liquid light merges back into his body.
Three knocks on the door pull me out of the extensive description of endless battles against ghosts, shapeshifters and other creatures of the Mother of All. Holding my palm above the file, I sign and close it sharply.
"I am not your father."
"Well, heal him!"
The ballerina's soul keeps spinning around while my siblings raise their voices and start throwing slurs from balcony to balcony.
Anael is standing in front of us, his hands resting on the table while he waits for the latecomers to arrive. Camael then Miz appear and settle on their seats. Once we're all here, Anael's serious gaze focuses on us.
"I didn't ask you to parrot the mission order to me. The test was positive with Elizabeth and my new vessel is better adjusted to my Grace, I have more control now so there is no risk that I will accidentally make Mary mute too. I no longer require to be coddled."
Once again Gabriel resorts to human facial expressions, rolling his eyes and sighing loudly.
She floats down, laying her feet on the burning ground, surrounded by fire.
None of the sub-demons we have encountered so far have survived long enough to answer our questions.
Htmorda is indicating a direction with a wave of his hand, and we all rectify our course like a single entity, diving straight to the water and slowing down to a halt just above the surface with our wings widely spread to maintain our position. The rolling water is glowing bright with our reflection as we surround a small rowing boat where a dozen of exhausted mortals are crammed together. A bunch of them start screaming in agony at our sight, eye sockets bursting into flames. A man throws himself into the water to get away from our brightness and gets sucked into the deep. What strikes me the most is a man and a woman who have been clever enough to shield their eyes as well as their child’s – they’re holding the little boy tight in their arms. Their souls look pure and bright. I lean forward to brush against them with the tip of my finger, eyes dropping close when a stream of interlaced memories flows into me with a thousand colors and the heady scent of spices, honey and sun. All it takes is a split second to explore their short lives and reach a conclusion.
His eyes harden.
I glance over my shoulder at my sister, cautiously laying Dean's head on the pillow before placing his jacket on his body, just like we found him.
I’ve stopped listening already. Numbers and charts are mentioned, there are heated debates on administrative details, and everyone seems very invested.
The failed Apocalypse has devastated the Earth. Camael attacked Castiel who had just wiped him from Cain's memory, but eventually surrendered himself after performing a spell on Cain, hiding him from the eyes of Angels and demons. Balthazar has officially joined the Garrison. They were ordered to resurrect the Humans in just one year, with the help of Hester and Virgil.
If I could, if it were not against my orders and in contradiction with free will, I would erase from his memory those years spent in Hell and all the pleasure he took in inflicting pain. The pleasure made his last ten years easier for him, but will be on his conscience until his last breath.
"That’s not the point, Balthazar. We have a mission to carry out. Why are you here?"
Judas shakes his head, eyes wide open and filled with dread.
My body moved on its own, driven by the torrent rushing through my veins. I can endure the lack of consideration from my superiors, older and more experienced than I am, and I can bear my own soldiers' disregard, but I won't stand the humiliation of being sneered at and looked down upon by a mere mortal!
"The mission is to stop anyone, Humans or Angels alike, from setting Jesus free. His followers will no doubt make an attempt. Our brethren still don't know what he is enduring, but the information could spread like wildfire at any time. A day has already passed since the hierarchy has forbidden the Angels to come down to take a look at him as they used to do, and some of them already have suspicions. Not to mention the fact that half the Garrison is being kept out under false pretense. Should rogue Angels attack you, your role is to fight them off and notify an Archangel who will proceed to neutralize them. Get in position, soldiers!"
"New orders to deal with an unexpected situation."
"You're one of the big shots now, Castiel. Welcome to the upper class!
I had thought that time travel would get easier eventually, but I was wrong. I have once again consumed too much energy in the process, and my Grace is unpleasantly numb when I reach my destination in the timeline. I grab my brother's shoulder to steady myself.
"The raising of Samhain is one of the 66 seals," I say.
"Yes, I heard, I'm not deaf yet. Just tell me one thing, Cassy..." He holds out one of the two glasses to me. "Have you ever seen me obeying orders outside of the battlefield?"
Uriel’s strained voice joins them, spreading the information through the celestial communication channels. A few whispers reply, and Anael orders us to hold our position, again.
Rachel and Ephra invested two vessels – female bodies, at their express request – and received a holy weapon to accomplish their undercover mission. They were ordered to evacuate the direct descendants of Cain from the city before we burn it to the ground, undetected by the Mother of All and her children.
I'm not used to being around Cherubs, let alone unranked ones. I'm twice their size and their perpetual cheerful attitude is quite unsettling.
With these words, she opens her wings wide so that they fill the entire room and even extend into the walls, then she disappears in a silky rustle of feathers.
A flap of wings.
"It would only take a snap of fingers from us for the mothers to give birth painlessly with no risk of dying. And we just stand here, watching idly."
All my brothers add their names to the sacred and inviolable oath we’re making. Our voices rise by hundreds of thousands into a powerful and solemn song that rings throughout all Creation.
"Are the rumors correct, Anael? Has his Grace been destroyed? He's been born for four years now, and you're the only one who has ever seen him up close! Why are we being kept away, with are we forbidden to approach or talk to him?"
"I don’t understand."
"I'm going to need some...
"I am sorry..." I whisper, before I make his heart stop.
As I speak these words, my voice bears the arrogant echo of our superiors. I clench my fists in my coat pockets as I try to shield myself in the decaying scraps of my Faith. Anna is voicing the thoughts I have been trying to repress since the Council approved this decision. Hearing these ideas loud and clear makes my blood run cold. It makes them so much more real. So much more dangerous.
"You're rioting against
Silence falls on the Garrison while Eve keeps singing softly and rocking Abel in the fake landscape.
And this time again, it's too late to act when I finally understand.
"This is the library, you can consult freely. God entrusted it to the Sisters of Fate."
Wrong. Cain has never once tried to corrupt his Guardian – quite the opposite, actually – nor has the Mother of All acted through him. Camael brought this all to himself by offering him the devotion he owed to God, and to God only.
We’re nothing like demons, though. We need the vessel's consent, and not only do we use them to carry out God's Will, but we also return them intact to their lives once the mission is accomplished. So I quickly reassure him.
for those hairless apes?"
I look at him, waiting for orders, and he gestures at the ground impatiently.
Only when I report the details of their deaths to the Garrison and to the chain of command do I realize that these three soldiers died before I had a chance to learn their names.
He growls in frustration, his feathers puffed up, and rises again with a few flaps of his wings as he tries to catch another demon. But they all fall apart before we can get the information we need. I hold my blade tight and fly higher to get a better look at the battlefield. Most of the demons are dead, and my soldiers went off to pursue and interrogate those who are still alive. Like all other dimensions we’ve been through, this place is bathed in shadows and foul air. It is a wasteland of rocks oozing moisture, dead trees and gruesome torture machines.
I act like a soldier and plunge my hand toward the house in order to neutralize the enemy first and then give the alarm. Azazel slams his bloodied hand against the wall where a sigil has been drawn with blood.
If demons get their hands on her, they will learn about our plans, our weaknesses, and every secret to which her rank - mine now - gave her access. That would be a disaster. And particularly painful for her. An eternity of agony in Hell.
"We are rioting against
I stop, at a loss for words. Cas is staring stubbornly at the ground, shoulders slumped.
"This…"
"What about you? Why you care so much about that angel?"
"I know you can." With the tip of her shoe, she pushes the lifeless body lying at our feet. "I was keeping an eye on the seal. Everything's under control."
life?"
I carefully fold my wings behind my back and step closer to try to peer over their shoulders or through their bodies.
"I managed to make your old aunt Elizabeth fertile six months ago, there's nothing I can't do."
side?" Hester repeats with clear disgust.
"Of course it hasn't! Why would you say that? Everything went exactly as planned - it was written that Dean would stop Sam and Lilith from sealing the deal. Their pact definitely would have prevented the Apocalypse, but also annihilated our two favorite little monkeys."
My weapon melts back into my Grace and I dive to the ground to follow one of the comets, my wings lined up along my body. The air I'm slicing through slips between my feathers with a hissing sound. The Earth bathed in moonlight is drawing near at high speed, and I reopen my wings just in time to make a smooth landing in a field with Uriel by my side. Around the comet’s impact, the ground is glowing blue. From its center, a majestic tree emerges and grows to a towering height. Within seconds, its roots plunge into the ground and it has grown to an imposing size. The branches are covered with lush foliage glowing with a celestial aura I would recognize anywhere.
"All resources need to be focused on protecting the seals. Also, due to some new...
I can feel myself faltering as my wings tighten behind my back. I have spent almost a year trying to gain Dean's trust, and now when he finally asks me for something, I have to deny him?
"Maybe this time Pharaoh will give in..." I say, taking a step back to have a better look at the horror and despair the Humans are displaying.
The Winchester brothers share a look.
"Nice dodge, Cas!"
No sign of Eve has been detected yet, even though Sodom and Gomorrah are in flames and the skyline is growing paler with the upcoming dawn.
Even in her true form, Anna is fast. Relentless.
that has overtaken me.
I look down again to the righteous man and speak in the lowest possible whisper, using the language of that region and time.
I feel my Grace freezing in my veins as I blink.
"Be patient... I know Reapers. They can't stand the natural order to be broken, they won't let this city cheat Death for much longer. Soon they will deliver us another one on a silver plate."
My sister throws me one last glare before she aggressively flies away, whipping me with her wings. I let go of the chain I was holding on to, and spread my wings wide.
A glimmer ignites in the palm of the Archangel's hand. Camael's holy spirit, fragile and stripped of its Grace.
"Did you?"
His derisory laugh rings inside my head.
I frown and stare into her eyes, growing suspicious.
"I have questions, I… have
"Not just that," I say in a low voice. "It smells like sulfur and power."
Riemu is proof of that. We are not immortal.
"Dean..."
His scream fades out and everything is dark and silent again.
The voice of the soldier guarding Jimmy's family is the first to inform me that nothing is happening, followed by Htmorda's.
God is not answering my prayers, the hierarchy declines all my questions, so why wouldn't I seek advice from Dean? He is, after all, the righteous man of prophecy, and he too faces a situation where he has to make a critical choice.
I glance at the door and its dirty window through which I can see Alastair gazing around with dispassionate curiosity, as though he were simply visiting the place willingly.
There are so many things that were so evident and undeniable to me. The Garrison, Anna, Humanity... Now everything is falling apart. Piece by piece, it all crumbles away, shattering who and what I used to be - I don't know what I am anymore, deprived of a group to merge with. Out of my siblings created with me, only Htmorda, Zedekiel and Rachel are still alive - and all three of them betrayed me when they joined Uriel in his madness.
"She reached out to me."
I'm gonna get him out of here. I behaved like a dick with him, using him as a weapon without stopping to wonder what he was feeling and going through. The guy rebelled for me, for fuck's sake. When we go back to Earth, I'll make it up for him. There's no more Apocalypse threat going on, no more Raphael, no more Michael or Lucifer. I'll show him that life doesn't suck all the time, sometimes there are rewards and good things. He saved human kind, he saved my family. I'll make him taste the best pies in the United States and watch Dr Sexy MD. He's suffered enough, and got nothing in return. It's over now. I'll get him out of here.
He hastily puts away his gun as he walks up to me. There is a faint smell of sulfur coming from him. Not like a demon's, but close enough to make my wings clench behind my back.
Jimmy closes the door behind him and walks down the front alley. Snowflakes swirl around him and cling to his brown hair.
"Which Angel?" Uriel asks.
Uriel groans.
The vessel's hair is ashy blond, he has a sparse beard and blue eyes, and gives me a playful smile as he approaches me. He gently tugs at my tie, smoothing it between his fingers.
"What offer?"
"Oh, I wish you had holes in your pretty glowing bodies, the things I could teach you... So many possibilities, with all those four arms of yours..."
Uriel folds his arms and and comments sneeringly:
"Unless Father smites you Himself, the Archangels will do it. You won't stand a chance. Repent!"
, in danger! Didn't he care if I was ripped in shreds with nothing more than a knife to protect myself? I end up in here 'cause I did what I had to in order to fix what
"It is. There can only be one species left, that we will call
" he chokes up, eyes growing wide with madness.
She wanted to get what she started to envy hundreds of millennia ago: feelings. Something I am now wrongly accused of.
A strangled gasp behind my back tells me that the righteous man has awakened from his bad dream.
An Angel is not meant to show emotions. I shouldn't even be able to
"Is that supposed to happen?" I ask Balthazar.
During the Flood, for a few seconds, I had considered insubordination. But I have never doubted my Father's existence.
Anna tilts her head to the side, smiling bitterly.
(will be updated on Sunday, July 12th)
In his human appearance of a young, dark-skinned Native American, Ecanus glares at Zachariah.
Castiel is an Angel of the Garrison, a group of soldiers created to watch over humanity, with Anael (who calls herself Anna) at its head. Through battles and tragedies leading to destruction and Apocalypse on Earth, Castiel sees some of his brothers doubt and pay a high price for their rebellion. He himself feels doubts he dares not voice, terrorized by the punishment the Archangels reserve for rebels, and oppressed by his desire to be a good soldier and a good son. With Jesus' death the celestial interventions on Earth ceased, and it will take two millennia for this to change... For nothing stays locked up for ever.
"Is there a problem?"
I draw my attention away from the city resounding with screams and laments.
I walk closer and stop about a meter away from him as he stares in disbelief.
If just one of them had alerted me, Levanael, Pmox and Miz would be alive and I wouldn't have made Dean go through such a humiliating ordeal. The demons would not be so close to their objective today.
How come my Grace's celestial power isn't affecting him?
I've said enough. I've completed my mission. I slowly spread my wings and they fill the hospital room, extending into the walls. There's nothing left for me to do here - I have to deal with an army of traitors and a war to save Dean from the probability I've just revealed to him. And I have to report back to Zachariah.
Then suddenly, the silence.
My feet are anchored to the ground, I couldn't move even if I were to put all my strength into it. My organs' vital functions are suspended and my Grace is rigidified in the veins and arteries, now as solid and compact as my blade. My entire being is resonating with Heaven, basking in the Divine Will, absorbing the flow of information through images and sounds. Everything unfolds in a myriad of colors overthrowing all notions of time, space and existence. Here and away, past and present cease to make sense – there’s nothing left but commands seeping into my Grace.
I nod as I let the information sink in. Balthazar raises his fingers to his temple and unfurls his wings, looking annoyed.
No. Out of question. Uriel's piercing gaze is on me, vigilant and inquisitive. My brothers would never understand. And still... doubt is a repulsive sin, of course, but... my doubts do not in any way hinder my loyalty and devotion. Obeying despite these haunting interrogations requires even more loyalty and devotion. Being a
"At least we can be certain that one of the two species will survive. According to Gabriel, it’s for their safety that the Leviathans have been locked up, and dinosaurs eliminated."
I tense up and spread my immaterial wings. From the corner of my eye, I can see Uriel doing the same as his threatening aura fills with power. He steps heavily towards the enemies - while Ruby scrambles away to safety - with a seeming calm attitude that I have seen many times before. This is how he looks just before a battle. I know him enough to see that on the inside he is thrilled, thirsting for violence.
"Our brothers and sisters are dying and they…" Uriel's voice is filled with indignation. "They want us to stop hunting the demon responsible."
His striking fist would have crushed Jimmy's face into dust if not for my aura shielding most of the damage. My entire being rings with the violence of the blow, and I instinctively strike back, drawing on what energy I have left, with much less vigor. Everything is spinning around me and the sounds are warped. My Grace is affected - I can feel myself losing my grip on reality. My vision blurs, turning Uriel into a shapeless figure with a glowing aura as a series of punches split my Grace open and make me lose control of my vessel for a second. I quickly restore the connections in Jimmy's brain to control him, just as I get slammed against a pillar that breaks down with the crash. I rise to my feet swiftly, dismissing the internal bleeding flooding my vessel's brain and organs. I spit out the blood filling my mouth with copper taste.
, leaving me to carry the burden and responsibility she no longer wanted. And all this for what? To have these feelings that I wish I could have removed?
"It's so cute yet appalling... It's like watching a toddler doodling around with clumsy fingers on a master canvas. There's no finesse to it. You know, I'm growing bored. Let's make things a little more interesting, shall we?"
There is a void growing inside of me as I watch him open the door and push the cart into the darkness. Instantly, remorse fills me, and it takes all my willpower to stand still. He disappears into the darkness that swallows him whole.
Two months. Two ridiculous months watching over Sister Abigail day and night with Baradiel at my side. Two long months of enduring the humiliation of accusations against me that have still not been lifted. Two months of hearing the voices of my brothers and sisters announcing that new seals have been destroyed - now fifty-two of them. Two months containing my frustration. Two months far away from Dean Winchester.
She turns on her heels, flipping her long blonde hair behind her back, and I follow her between the shelves. Silence wraps around us like oil, and strangely enough, our feet make no sound at all when they hit the ground. The endless bookshelves keep extending before my eyes until she leads me into an open space where there are tables and chairs arranged in rows, and a few dozen Angels inside their vessels reading books with the utmost studious silence.
"… you do not want me doing this, trust me," he says in a broken whisper.
I turn my head to glance at Uriel who looks like he's thinking hard to find something to reply. Anael rises to his feet and walks forward until he's standing between Camael and I, his green eyes calm and filled with confidence.
Even the demon stops torturing Sam and Dean and turns to look at her while light literally bursts out of her body.
Hester follows it with his eyes for a while, wings tensing up behind his back, then vacantly returns to work.
A bad dream? The one I stepped into was utterly dull, though. I wonder what kind of nightmare a mind like Dean's can possibly produce. I let my vessel slip into corporeal reality, then sit on the mattress which sags under my weight.
Anael just blinks, staring at him bemusedly.
Uriel averts his gaze, clenching his jaw, clearly experiencing intense frustration. His wings are twitching as he grazes the surface of the table with his fingertips.
I pinch my lips and let my blade slip back into my Grace. I don't like being reminded of my brothers who died. Thinking about Siosp or Camael is useless and only brings back haunting, troubling questions. Questions that I never had at the dawn of my existence, and that I should never have thought about.
Titus? His soul's admission to Heaven had been controversial, and I was opposed to it. And to this day, I still don't understand why the hierarchy refused to send him to Hell - I've never quite understood the logic behind their verdict - it's often unfair to me. But why would the Council hold a meeting there?
I rinse my blade in the stream and stroke my jaw thoughtfully. In a month or so, Benny never asked one question, even when he heard me praying to Cas every night.
But my blade clashes against Camael’s with a deafening crash – he whirled around with surprising speed. His face is right in front of mine, and I flinch under his stare filled with pure hatred.
There is delight in his eyes as a smile spreads across his face. He points at me teasingly.
My vessel's coat is flapping in the wind and the clothes are flattened against my borrowed body. I squint my eyes and realize that the Egyptian tomb Ephra was guarding has indeed been profaned. Pharaoh's tomb, which contained his damned soul. The 429th seal, one of the easiest to break, which I personally assigned to Ephra, one of my best soldiers, to protect.
As Rachel's steel eyes cloud, he averts his gaze and clenches his fists. He remains silent for a few seconds and then replies in a resigned tone: "We were created to obey, Levanael. We are nothing more than weapons to our Father. To obey Him blindly is all we can do. We cannot inspire Him the kind of love He has for Humans, but we can at least bring Him satisfaction, serve Him, and not incite His wrath."
I don't like tormenting the righteous man and trashing the illusion of free will, but I know I need more than ever to prove my unwavering commitment to my duty in order to clear the rehabilitation threat hanging over my head and reclaim command in this war. I only wish Dean would understand this and stop fighting what's inevitable - it will only bring him more pain.
I can’t believe my ears. Alastair is
"Siosp," Anna snaps in a panicked tone. "Shut up
"It is a merciful punishment," I say as I strive to keep the movements of my Grace in check. "Camael rebelled, his lies put Michael in a dangerous situation and caused a valuable weapon to be lost to Heaven. Instead of execution, our Father is granting him a chance to preach the Holy Word and instill His worship among the Humans. This is a good thing."
"Be quiet, traitor!" Raphael hisses. "You more than anyone know why we can't do that. Adam's soul has been consumed to bring Lucifer back, Eve's soul has merged with the Mother of All, and the Reapers never found Cain's anywhere."
This chapter takes place in
"He’s not dying. He's in a coma."
This building is warded against the Angels, I won't even try to step closer. I can already feel them repelling my Grace, even though I'm standing meters away. If I get any closer, it will inflict me severe pain and most likely harm me as well.
Clearly, Dean did not grasp the basics of space-time travel. Time does not continue to flow along at our starting point. By the time we get back, barely a fraction of a second will have passed.
"I am having difficulties with my mission. Demons are attacking multiple seals simultaneously. My soldiers are able to eliminate them most of the time, but there are too few of us to protect all of the seals at once. Especially since the demons seem to have found a way to kill us."
Flying in formation with the Garrison and Balthazar by my side, we dive straight to the ground through clouds loaded with steam and electricity. From this high, I see a dark stain growing to invade the entire continent, spreading beyond the oceans like a plague. The swarming black mass is studded with countless shining dots. Those are my brothers fighting, their Grace ablaze with fervor.
Now I understand what Anna meant when she invested Yaël's body. Having only two arms is unsettling. But in this body, product of a slow evolution and Father's masterpiece, it seems oddly natural.
"I'll let you handle that," he cuts me mid-sentence, turning his back on me. "I don't want him barfing on me. I've had my share of filthy organic fluids from these piles of rotting flesh we're forced to wear."
(should be updated in september… hopefully)
I look away nervously. Having an honest conversation with a Human is very disconcerting, but I believe that the righteous man deserves to know the truth. Or at least, the tiny part of the truth that I have not been ordered not to reveal to him. That's the least I can do, considering the tragic fate awaiting him. There is nothing forbidding me to tell him his role in the summoning of Samhain, and yet I can feel dread crawling inside of me.
"What should we do, Anael?" Levanael’s wings twitch as if to get ready for battle.
If he could see me as I really am, Dean certainly wouldn't address me with such insolence.
I pensively sit down on one of the two beds, distant memories rushing back to me, reminding me of my early centuries, at a time when everything seemed so simple and easy.
"But he won't talk. Alastair's will is very strong."
Camael’s head turns to look at Balthazar.
Zachariah's voice echoes clearly through my head, which makes me uneasy. For millions of years, we have been summoned by Anna's voice. And to think that never again...
I haven't felt so light and cheerful since the day I raised him out of Hell. His exposed soul looks the same as it did when I was holding it in my hand, it's now floating in the air surrounded by the approximate human form it maintains, having recently left the body. Radiant, strong and righteous, it glows with a rare beauty for a Human. This is the soul from a lineage chosen and beloved by God. And there is a bluish glimmer in its center echoing with my essence, so clear and distinct now without the flesh-and- blood body concealing the soul - the sliver of my Grace that I unknowingly imprinted on Dean when I grabbed him in Hell.
"Yaël will do just fine," Anael says drily. "And I won't use her body more than a few weeks anyway."
"I don't..."
"Bull!"
"Silence," Anna interrupts exasperatedly. "And finally, this is Baradiel, formerly of the Rock Division. He is one of the oldest Angels created. His wisdom and experience will be most useful to us."
"Come on, don’t be so shy. You're acting like a schoolgirl on her first date. Just sneak a very thin stream of voice into his reality. Descendant of Cain or not, you need to be careful with the flow."
Rgoan scoffs and a smug smile twists the corners of his lips up.
"That's what he said. Then, Eve opened Lucifer’s cage. We thought our final hour had come and we were ready to die fighting, even without our powers. We were resigned. But Lucifer merely winked at us before they all disappeared into thin air and our powers were back."
"And to think we all considered four soldiers killed in action and two executions under Anael's direction to be the worst that could possibly happen."
I rise up when a Human bursts into the room to help Dean.
Raphael is striding across the devastated battlefield healing the wounded Angels one by one. He walks to us and brushes his hand against my brother’s skull. A brand new shining wing sprouts from his mutilated back.
I snap back at him.
As a gurgling scream echoes from behind the door, a touch on my hand suddenly jolts me back to reality. Which is my fallen sister staring back at me. I look down to see her hand move to rest on top of my own, coating it with warmth laced with her Grace.
It would seem that our two thousand years long retreat to Heaven was enough to diminish the fear demons once had of us. Or is it the upcoming Apocalypse and possessing this secret weapon that makes them so disrespectful?
Gabriel runs a hand through his long brown hair, casually glancing at the dark skin of his forearm. Now that Gabriel inhabits it, there is an aura of power and casual charisma radiating from this lanky body whose limbs seem to have grown too fast.
Yaël leans back again the well with her lips pressed together into a thin line, face darkening.
"Yes."
"Thank you. I see you're quite busy."
I'm terrified of becoming like her.
My hand tightens shakily on my blade as what's left of my broken Faith shatters inside me, and I close my eyes, letting the blade dissolve and sink back into my vessel through the pores of my skin.
I spread my wings and fly away in a hurry, Dean's answer to his brother fading into silence. The hotel room and its organic scents are replaced by an endless, white corridor, with white doors as far as the eye can see. Angels in suits are walking back and forth, files in hand, not paying any attention to me.
When I assumed Anna's position, I promised myself that never again would the Garrison suffer the loss of a soldier, not under my leadership. And now Ephra is dead, and another seal broken. That's one more step toward defeat. Toward the Apocalypse, the extinction of Humanity, the reign of demons on Earth.
Treetops barely reach my claws.
"I did, actually. I reported immediately to Gabriel who
Another rustling of wings, and Htmorda is here too.
In her frail human body stripped of her Grace, Anna is standing before us, awaiting her execution with a soldier's dignity. Might as well get it over with as quickly as possible. Whether by our hands here and now, or by the demons, Anna is doomed.
"I found Pestilence!" Ecaop shouts, splitting away from our group. His outline disappears behind the demons swarming all around.
I narrow my eyes and take a closer look. Of course I’m used by now to watch Humans copulating, but never in such a frenzy, in open air, and all at the same time. All the Humans in the city are copulating.
Only once my fingers are dug into the balcony ledge - so hard that it's cracking under my fingernails - and my wings spread open wide, do I realize that I've jumped to my feet, driven up by a searing burst of outrage.
With a wave of my hand, I draw a cloth-covered cart from the shadows. One wheel is squeaking grimly as it rolls toward the righteous man, who wordlessly extends his hand to catch it.
I'm a good son, a good soldier. I'm not like Siosp and Anna. I... I'm...
Anger.
"Hester and Virgil are from the division in charge of terrestrial animals, they will occasionally help in our mission until we get our new recruits."
"As a matter of fact, we are," I say flatly. "And?"
his growling voice echoes into my head.
"I welcome you, brothers," says a voice as soft as the grass on the high plains. "I am Joshua, the messenger of God. You have been gathered here to be informed about a few changes you probably noticed."
were to order us to work with him, we would have to obey.
Uriel finally folds his wings back in frustration.
"I can understand why Uriel has been kept out of the mission - he was violently opposed to it from the start - and for the three newcomers, I also understand why Anna does not trust them since they have only been with us for a few centuries, but... the others? Why exclude Levanael, Rachel, Htmorda or Zedekiel? Aren't they as loyal and devoted as we are? Why
Castiel is fighting the war against demons as best he can with insufficient resources, but his soldiers are dying, the hierarchy blames him for the Garrison's failures and seals break one by one. A mission sends Castiel into the past with Levanael and Dean, and he realizes that the Winchester misfortunes were planned by the hierarchy, and that he personally brought the curse on Dean. Overcome by doubt, Castiel is starting to question the orders he receives…
Unlike her,
"If he dies..."
"It's too dangerous."
"Around what?"
I ask louder.
Although the memories I created are fake, her joy is real, as will be the happiness of the disciples when she tells them the news. No Human carries the burden of knowledge as we do. They don't know that everything is already written. They owe their happiness to ignorance.
Maybe He does enjoy it? I don't know. I have no way of knowing what He wants.
As for Lucifer, he’s gazing at the devastated landscape with sad eyes, his wings folded behind his back. Rain stopped and clouds are parting, revealing a pale blue sky. The break of dawn is bathing the skyline with sunbeam.
Dean should not blame himself. Either it was my own negligence that allowed this to happen, or it was Fate and absolutely nothing could have changed that if it was written. We fought hard, we searched Hell over and over again to no avail.
Uriel merely sighs, averting his eyes.
Hester's feathers bristle and his gaze sharpens on me.
I freeze, the swirling of my Grace turning sluggish. Samandriel's soft gaze returns to me.
I can hear Uriel chuckling. He’s the only one.
I might as well get back down to Earth. The sun has moved all the way through the sky. An entire day has gone by since I left the Winchester brothers in front of the hospital.
Out of the corner of my eye, I can see him moving to the door between us and Alastair.
"Then we have an agreement, Mother of All. We will take an oath, and so will you."
I avert my eyes. I know my brother well enough to sense that taking orders from a Human will most likely offend him.
Rachel slams his fist on the table, rising up with his wings spread wide.
My reflection’s eyes harden and I feel my Grace flowing with ease again. A sense of serenity washes over me as I rise to my feet and gaze up to the sky. I remember the truth, the most fundamental truth, the
And I can only hope that he will stand up to us, that he will speak out just like he did in our last encounter. The righteous man is brave and arrogant, almost recklessly so. I pray that my threat to send him back to Hell was not enough to crush his insolence, which had irritated me so much three weeks earlier.
One victory for how many defeats? No matter how many battles we win, demons are nearing their goal. While we fight to defend a seal, they move swiftly to attack our abandoned positions. We can't be everywhere simultaneously, and we're not omniscient. Twenty-three seals have now been broken, and the Garrison lost four soldiers. And it's only been two days since we raised the righteous man from Hell. Two days of raging war, of unending battles.
I feel oddly calm and unaffected by the betrayal of my entire Garrison. All the bonds I have formed with my siblings over thousands or millions of years have been severed by death or treason, but at least now everything is clear. My doubts have vanished and I found peace within myself. My restored Faith fills the void caused by the betrayal of my soldiers.
"Harry, bring us to the ship immediately," orders the young Angel. "Maybe we can still save Brian and Susan."
"You misunderstand me, Dean, I’m not like you think. I was praying that you would choose to save the town."
"Understatement, my good friend! My only distraction was to listen to rumors about you.
can overpower that trap," I say firmly, staring at him intently. "I made it myself."
"Well, you're overprotecting him," says Ecanus. "After all, he might enjoy torturing the one who used to torture him, you never know. I believe humans love vengeance, don't they?"
"Thank you, Castiel."
He looks up at me, dark circles under his vessel's fearful eyes.
Her eyes dart up to the sky, both scared and brave, and a lone tear rolls down her pale and hollow face.
"I can see you make an excellent General, Cas'. I had no doubt you would."
"Again? Why are these demons so weak? I wasn’t even squeezing that hard!" Zedekiel exclaims.
The Apocalypse may have already happened and I am not even aware of it. Humanity may have been obliterated, Earth devastated, the Last Judgment already over... and I may have been forgotten here for the rest of eternity.
"He just walked out to meet his demon. At 425 Waterman Street, to be more precise. I was just about to send my report to you."
"It’s awful!" he wails as he repeatedly rubs my back.
Dean comes back to his brother, unknowingly walking through my right wing. I fly away as silently as I can. Their voices fade out and I reappear in Wyoming, high up in the sky, which makes the city look small, expanding along the river.
"The hierarchy
Anna whacks him on the head with her wing.
Hundreds of sentences are running through my head while Dean looks away, silently fighting the tears that keep streaming down. But none of them seem right. Words are pointless. The best I can do now for Dean is to notify Zachariah about his weakened mental health, and go back fighting for him.
"The Mother of All has eyes and ears everywhere," Uriel adds. "Which won't save her once we rat her out."
The sound of a car pulling over can be heard in the distance.
The batrachian bounces up on a pile of files, still staring at me. Its throat swells again loudly in my silent office. I break eye contact with the creature and refocus my attention on my soldier.
"Mary is also here, with two women," Ephra says, squinting. "Shall we stop them too?"
"Do you remember what happened when Alastair broke free from the trap and attacked you?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"How did Zachariah know what I was going to do?" I say, squaring my shoulders. "I didn't even know it myself until an hour ago."
"You took a while to submit our report," Baradiel says flatly. "Sister Abigail noticed that I had been watching her for over an hour so she came to pray with me."
"You may leave," I say. "You did a good job."
The charred pattern of his wings is imprinted on the ground - the same wings that have patted my back or wrapped me in a silky cocoon so often in the past. It fully covers the demon trap and extends across the entire wrecked place, outlining every feather.
"Our mission is to follow you, to witness the miracle and to write a report that will be sent to the Archives and later reinserted into the dreams of the Prophets. That is how we proceeded for the first trial with Zechariah's wife."
More demons are coming out of nowhere and I order the Garrison to stand in a circle back to back.
"If God wants me dead, I can only accept my fate. If you are wrong, I know He will stop your hand. Go on, strike, I have no fear," Abel says as he closes his eyes.
Demons are all around me, holding knives, and more bullets pierce my flesh as I kill them one by one, methodically. As I tackle one of them on the ground littered with corpses, Samandriel's voice echoes in my head.
Michael lets go of my shoulder.
I'm expected to go to battle against all demons from Hell and stop the Apocalypse with one joke of an army. There are more than six hundred seals, and even if we're protecting the weakest as a priority, demons are winning ground every day. Practically by the hour.
I close my eyes for a few seconds to suppress any hint of sadness that might grow inside me. It is only fair. Camael disobeyed, lied, attacked a soldier of the Garrison, slaughtered about a hundred Humans that had survived the Apocalypse and used a forbidden sigil on his brothers in arms, his General and two Archangels.
As I listen to him mesmerize his audience, I understand now why the hierarchy deemed it necessary for Camael to be born among human beings and live as one of them. No Angel would have been able to find the words to affect Humans like this and make them love God: for us, devotion cannot be learned. It is innate, an inherent part of our very essence.
Smiling, Eve is caressing her children’s faces so gently, and when she starts speaking, her voice echoes through all of our heads.
Jesus comes to a halt in front of a blind beggar. His disciples stand behind him, whispering to each other in awe and excitement – the miracles Jesus performs never cease to amaze them. He has a brief conversation with the man, then bends over to touch his forehead. Immediately, the mist clears from the eyes along with the blindness, unveiling perfectly functional pupils and irises, already brimming with tears of gratitude. Now cured, the man throws himself at the feet of Jesus and weeps as he thanks him.
I call to the celestial channels.
My soldiers follow my order and the search begins. Time is running out.
I love my Father with all my being, I have never doubted and will never doubt His existence, but knowing that if doubt were to take hold of me as it did to Siosp, I would be put to death...
Balthazar elegantly arches an eyebrow and takes the creature with a disgusted frown.
"Where is the righteous man?"
I remain silent, though. As long as no one orders me otherwise, I have no reason to condemn my brother with additional charge that would lead him to a certain death. I don't intend to mention it unless I'm asked precisely about this. For orders are orders and I would never disobey a direct order.
I look up to the blue sky and watch the colorful square slice through the air like a bird. Sometimes it hovers, then dives and spins, caught in a frenzy. My fists are unclenching.
The other female Human screams in agony as the head of her infant slips out. I squint at the little girl the Humans are trying to pull out of her mother’s body. Not far, the baby boy is already out and screaming in the arms of his exhausted mother.
"Now what?" my sister asks.
"This is out of question, Uriel."
I frown, bemused, and squint at my brother.
Dean is talking to me directly, not to Uriel. As if I could save him.
"Haven’t you heard?" answers another demon in a sugary tone. "Alastair worked so well on him, he made Dean his best student..."
A soft flapping of wings stops my contemplation, and I let my Grace take back control of my hand, looking up at Uriel. Hands in his pockets, my brother is smiling and there is a twinkle in his eyes, like he's having a hard time containing his laughter.
Everything is so peaceful.
I push my aching Grace into my vessel's muscles and slowly rise to my feet to stare at the brother - the friend - I failed to save from himself, with my fallen sister standing beside me.
I humbly nod and the Archangels vanish in a rustling of feathers along with most of the other Angels who return to their mission. The Sisters of Fate are gone too, as well as Balthazar and Samandriel.
He has not. It's all my doing, including the body's disappearance, which was merely an empty shell of flesh that was beginning to decompose.
Heaven as a whole has been in turmoil since this decision was announced, which means Anna and the Garrison are under pressure. We cannot afford to fail. The destruction of these two cities is unavoidable, but I've been told they are almost entirely populated by abominations.
"Indeed. Zachariah didn’t take it all too well, by the way," Uriel says ironically.
"It’s the lives of one thousand against the lives of six billion. There’s a bigger picture here."
He staggers back and collapses to the ground, but it was only a ruse. Before I can make a move, he hurls himself at me, grabbing my coat with a roar and hauling me up against the wall where there is a piece of steel jutting out - the sharp edge of it drives into my back, neatly severing my spinal cord. He yanks me down so the piece of steel slashes through my vessel, ripping apart flesh and bone, wrecking the intricate harmony of veins and muscle fibers. An entire lung is shredded, and an aorta is sliced clean through, flooding my body with massive internal bleeding.
I thoughtfully let go of the soul I had been about to work on.
With a squishy sound, I draw my fingers from the mangled flesh, dripping with blood, and use it to keep painting the symbols on the wall. With my heart beating wildly I hastily finish my work - time is running out. It could all come down to a few minutes or seconds and all I can do is hope that Dean and Sam will get there quick. I can't go and get them myself. I have no way of knowing how closely we are being watched. The warm drops of blood run down to my elbow and soak the fabric of the rolled-up sleeve of my coat. I anxiously glance around to check that no Angel is coming. The celestial channels show nothing unusual but I can't rely on them. I can't rely on anything anymore.
His voice was barely above a whisper and I almost don't hear his words even though I am standing right next to him.
"Well, only a quarter is down, it hardly counts."
But never before had a mission's success carved such a hole inside of me.
If it weren't for me, he would still be in Hell, about to become just another lowly demon. He should be bowing down and be grateful, instead of judging me. I don't have to explain myself to a Human in my charge.
I heave a sigh as my three soldiers are expecting me to sort this out.
Seeing myself through Cain’s eyes is quite surprising. And unsettling. Do I really look so terrifying?
I look up. Raphael is gone now, but a dozen Angels are flying in my direction, lighting up the night sky like swarming stars. They land at my side in a concert of rustling feathers. I make sure none of the Angels squish the fish crawling between my claws.
is the one to get a confession out of him so quickly?
office – and walk down the corridor. Zachariah keeps talking as we walk and I do my best to organize the information in my head – a notification informs me that we have to be in room 324 in less than five minutes.
Unless this is a human custom in this zone?
The illustration in this chapter was made by myself, but quite a long time ago, so, yeah, it's not perfect.
He winks at me and disappears without another word. I frown and look down at my borrowed body as I pull apart the coat's layers. With everything that happened, I had completely forgotten about the bullet holes and stab wound.
know why he wants you and I to have some alone time..."
Ephra doesn't even spare the salt pile a glance as she walks behind Lot and his daughters, her gaze sweeping around, on the lookout.
"Oh, come on! What, are you allergic to straight answers, you son of a bitch?!" Dean shouts out loud, getting a few inquisitive glances from pedestrians across the street.
"Go back to your station, soldiers, before I send each and everyone of you in rehabilitation."
Michael and Raphael share a brief look before nodding.
Zedekiel arrives last with his feathers ruffled.
"You're right, it's offensive to the monkeys who've never done anything wrong. But I will call them as I please, you’re no longer in a position to give me orders." He faces me, his eyes burning with barely contained anger. "When this is all over, I hope that you will come to your senses and return to who you once were, Castiel. Zachariah thinks highly of you, but I know you better than anyone else. And if the Garrison and you in particular weren't so infatuated with the hairless apes, we wouldn't be in this situation today!"
If I didn't know first hand that punching an angel will just break my bones, I'd punch him so hard in the face.
"Levanael won't refuse to be a part of this. She has my absolute trust. Time is running out, let's go."
"These ones have not been corrupted by the Mother of All." I’m trying my best to ignore the howls of pain that rise in reaction to the sound of my voice. "They’re Humans."
Cas looks up from my weapon. His eyes are calm but burning with emotions. A hint of a smile brightens his face for a brief moment, and disappears when he looks down again. A soft expression remains, although sad.
"Excellent job with the witnesses."
"Nah, it's just some dumb superstition the older Angels have. Forget I said anything." She tilts her head to the side, her eyes sparkling with mirth, then puts the sacred book back down and nods contentedly as if I had just successfully passed a test. "I'm Anpiel, by the way. You must have heard about me."
But out of all Paradises, however magnificent and shimmering they may be, this one is by far my favorite. Although simple, it radiates a sense of peace and quiet joy that I like very much. The park grass is soft under my feet, a warm breeze makes the kite hover in the blue sky. While the Human is alone in his Paradise, there are still sounds of life filtering in the background. Children laughing, indistinct voices, the clear gurgling of a fountain... Feeling at peace, I let my eyes drop shut, basking in the sun's warmth.
Uriel frowns and places his bloodied scalpel on the tray with a tinkling.
– what his endgame is. He went to great lengths to cover that up."
More figures emerge from the skyline, and seconds later, the entire Garrison, including Hester and Virgil, is surrounding Anna.
"Perhaps we're just becoming sentient."
"… Angels? Are you here to punish me for my crime?"
Dean walks back to me in slow steps, the unnatural lights from the buildings streaming across his face.
I slowly twist my blade into the wound. There are red sparks flashing and crackling across his hand, and his agony grows even louder. Blood is dripping on my wrist and staining my coat sleeve as I watch his ugly, true face cover the unfortunate possessed Human's one.
"Quite the contrary, I think that your words will just make him even more confused."
Then everything goes black.
"Did you know about this, Anael? You seem troubled..."
What a shame that Sam is not part of the equation. If
Caught in my auditory illusion, he believes he's actually hearing the female voice and he springs to his feet, glancing at his unconscious brother on the hospital bed. Dean's wounds show distinctly on his pale skin as the machines around him beep steadily.
"Guess again."
Now he's starting to annoy me. That comment really was unnecessary.
I rise to my feet, the sudden move scaring away hundreds of birds perched on me, and I fly to the sky, screaming Anael’s name to give the alarm.
"I am the Archangel Gabriel. You have been chosen by God, great honor, blessing, yadda yadda yadda. In nine months you will spawn a kid you will call Jesus, who will be great and will be the son of the Almighty. Questions?"
all this?
I did see with my own eyes her human body being blown apart by the explosive fusion of her Grace with her holy spirit... How is this possible?
, Cas. Only regret and sadness."
How am I supposed to win in these conditions?
Once he stands in front of me, he pats me on the back with his wing in a somewhat forced familiarity.
"He’s alive," I say in a low voice.
Before the Archangel even gets to smite the rebellious Cherub, a thunderbolt of pure light radiating with divine wrath tears the sky open and strikes down on Azazel. Blinded, I narrow my eyes and hear him screaming in agony. His wings burst into flames, turning black and tarnishing while his Grace seems to boil. I catch sight of his yellow eyes flashing just before he crumbles into dark smoke whirling up before it dives into the ground and disappears.
After a rough landing I stay prostrated for a while to let my wings rest, spread out to the ground. I must be far away from Adam and Eve’s home. There is no rain here and the earth is dry.
A murmur runs through the Garrison as we glance at each other. Our General is rigid, clearly displeased, judging by the flow of her Grace inside her body.
I know it’s been a while since I last updated, thank you for your patience and support! I found myself a boyfriend, so let’s say I’ve been quite distracted lately hehe. But don’t worry, I have no intention to abandon this story and its translation!
"Aaron and Moses are praying to me, they say that Pharaoh is promising again to set the people free.
Cas immediately looks down and bite his lips, face neutral.
Balthazar has not been around much these last decades, as he was frequently summoned by the hierarchy, or absent for other reasons unknown to me.
"Oh, take it easy, Cassy… Why are you Garrison soldiers so stuck up? You should consider pulling out the stick out of your butt sometimes."
"Ha ha! Erm. Look, Zachy, in order for the Human to let Cas into his body, he must first have gained his trust, and for that to happen, it's not lubricant we need, but time. And we don't have that kind of time
to love Him. So I showed Him free will for what it really is. A delusion. Faced with a real choice, Humans will always pick the wrong path."
I hold out my arm in one swift movement, focusing my energy on the hilt of the dagger shoved into his chest, and make it rotate in the wound as I reach out to all of the Garrison soldiers this time.
I step to Jesus Christ's tomb built into the rock. I had removed his corpse at the time, leaving only the blood-stained burial linen cloth. Now all that's left of it is still hot ashes. Camael's blood was one of the seals that Pmox and Miz were assigned to protect.
What Hester warned me about still rings clear in my head. I am under watch. If Zachariah is indeed spying and recording this conversation, this is a test of my loyalty to Heaven. The slightest sign of disobedience or feelings can be my undoing.
"Last thing before we close this meeting, I officially announce that Castiel's punishment has been lifted. The Archangels cleared his name, since the recent events proved Camael was the only one to blame. You will no longer need to keep a watch on him from now on. Castiel, you will supervise Hester for this year of resurrection work. Uriel, you'll be in charge of Virgil. Let's get to work, starting now! Go!"
My brother’s gaze is shifting, scanning each of us and lingering for a while on Levanael. His Grace is bright with fear and determination when he finally looks back at the Archangel.
"Fascinating, is it not?"
"We've had this pointless conversation a hundred times before, Brap."
"While it may be understood by those listening to it now, it will only take two or three generations for the message to be distorted or lost. That's the way Humans are."
Levanael’s body is still as a mountain, but his bright Grace is drawing wild patterns and swirling like thousands of storms. It is not fear. Levanael is a good soldier, he doesn’t feel fear. No, he is just anticipating our mission’s failure.
Well, Uriel has a point here. Still, I don’t like the way he talks about the Humans under my care, but there’s not time to waste chastising him.
My voice sounds commanding, but the words I speak echo Anna's like ashes. The Garrison flies off in a rustle of feathers, leaving me alone with Zachariah. When I turn back to him, he is staring at me intently, his head tilted to the side with a mocking gleam in his eyes.
I look back to Cas. He's stiff as a statue and he turns slowly his head to scrutinize around us, his fists clenched.
A chorus of flapping wings draws me out of my contemplation. I rise to face three green eyes adorned with silver filaments.
Hester, who had begun to stand up in her display of insolence, sit back down with her wings folded and fists clenched.
"Castiel, what do you have to say for yourself? No pressure, but your failures are driving us all to the Apocalypse."
"Keep your energy down, Uriel!" I hiss as we appear at the forest's edge, a few hundred meters from the cabin where I located the Winchester brothers.
"So, Bobby was right... about the witnesses. This is some kind of a... sign of the apocalypse."
"If not the demons, what could it be?"
Michael stares at me for awhile before he straightens his back – Raphael and Gabriel are watching with worried eyes.
"But this isn't funny."
I listen to the trees rustling and watch shadows moving with the sun in the sky. A few birds come flying and perch on my fingers to stare at me with curiosity, head tilted. I tilt my head too and stare back. My Father’s creations are fascinating.
Her eyes are radiating sincerity but I can't rely on what I see. It's because I blindly believed in Anna and Uriel that we are now in this situation. Her gaze grows harder and she holds her head high with aggressive self-assurance.
"You might be disappointed. He looks like an accountant, but lately... more like a hippie, I guess. But that's just his human meatsuit. I don't know what he looks like for real. His true appearance burns eyes out and his real voice shatters windows."
"Why me? Why have I been chosen? Baradiel has more experience, Ephra is a better strategist, Uriel is more powerful, Htmorda plays by the rules more than I do, Rachel…"
Silence falls when I rise and stare down at them.
"Don’t lose sight of what truly matters. Heaven. The Garrison.
"Moreover, we will have to erase their most recent memories. We don't want them to fear us or even know we exist. Ten of you will be in charge of the resurrections and will erase the memories, while the others will rebuild their habitations and make sure they go back to their previous lives like the Apocalypse never happened at all. If my estimations are correct, each one of you should be able to bring back to life at least a hundred Humans a day."
I turned my head to face the Angel who was reading over my shoulder, and she stares right back at me with a raised eyebrow. I was so absorbed in reading that I failed to notice her presence.
"I don't know. I've never really been able to tell a beautiful Human from an ugly one. My apologies."
"Let's get it over with," says the General. "Camael will be dead before nightfall. Now all we can hope for is that there will be no uprising in Heaven."
"You should meet somebody. This is Benny. Benny, this is Cas."
– over the Will of the Lord. He even came very close to killing Castiel. His fate is regrettable, but he deserves it."
Better get out of here before Pmox tries to talk to me.
"Who are we to question the Will of God?"
He reappears perched on my shoulder, so light in his vessel. There is an austere look on his face as he looks up to me.
With a rustling of wings Raphael appears at our side, eyes blazing with wrath. Apparently he heard what the Humans have just said.
"It's not safe here." I can feel panic rising. "We need someplace more private."
We've been together through Hell, Heaven, Apocalypse and now Purgatory. I won't let a bunch of shitty Leviathans stand between us. Cas shakes his head, looking defeated.
I obey and put a hand over the tablet to carve my signature in the stone with my Grace. Anael snatches it back and flies off with a rustling of feathers. I look at my brothers in arms in confusion.
"I completely understand, and our superiors do realize how challenging your mission is, but I'm sure you'll do perfectly fine."
The Archangels dismiss the Sisters and Balthazar and consult each other. Then, Michael turns his gaze to me to announce the verdict.
After Uriel's death and the betrayal of his entire Garrison, Castiel is left alone and isolated. He has regained his status as a General and reads the Winchester Gospel where the adventures of Sam and Dean are narrated. The Angel Anpiel tells him that the hierarchy knew about Dean's pact that cast his soul into Hell, but had not disclosed it to the Garrison. Castiel is doubting again. Only a few more seals to break and Lucifer will be free…
"What new form of life?"
"It’s quite simple, really." Brap snorts dismissively. "Uriel, for one thing, has never shown any hint of emotion, he’s not a Guardian, and he's actually the one who reported Castiel's deviant behavior!"
I look down to the three Humans walking with their arms full of gifts and their eyes riveted to the light leading them to Cam-
"Once we find whoever it is," I explain.
I lean my back against the other pillar, while Uriel shoves his hands in his pockets. He stares at the landscape with a sullen look to conceal his frustration.
The Angel lets out a laugh that sounds like a bark.
, Uriel!" I snap back. "I forbid you to talk about the righteous man that way!"
"Camael, there is no time to lose. You’ve been ordered to convince Cain to say yes to Michael. Go right now."
"But," Anna interrupts us by lifting her hand, "he will have to earn his forgiveness. A very important mission will be assigned to him. I don't know all the details yet - everything is still very confidential - but within a century or two he will bear a heavy burden of responsibility, and he will need to do it alone."
Levanael’s pensive voice pulls me out of my meditative state.
not to have you do this"
So why do I feel so bad?
This chapter takes place in
Still tangled up in his own wings and sprawled on the ground, Htmorda suddenly points at the sky.
"Thank you, Uriel."
Here we are. I take a deep breath and slightly spread my wings behind my back.
"When and where?"
The meeting room's spotless whiteness turns to darkness. Invisible to mortal eyes, I land next to the righteous man who is sleeping on the floor. Wrath is burning through my Grace, bitter humiliation throbbing within me, fueled by Zachariah's voice still echoing in my head.
"Then yes."
Michael doesn’t answer, but I see his vessel trembling. He flattens a shaking hand on the glass ground and snaps his head up to glare at a stunned-looking Camael with cold fury in his eyes. There are flames consuming his borrowed skin, and his vessel’s jaw is clenched hard. Looking closer, I notice his veins are standing out and glowing red. As if his blood were made of
"What is that supposed to mean?" asks Rachel in a suspicious tone.
The soul of Eve’s mother is bright and pure. And peaceful, now that she has forgotten about having a daughter. Even from up here I can see it glowing softly. All wrapped up in her clothes made of sheepskin, she is washing some fabric dyed in blue into the stream. She keeps singing the same wistful tune over and over in her crystal-clear voice.
I suppress a groan. Things were so much easier before.
What are they talking about? It looks like the last two boring months I spent following an old woman around have been busy for the Winchester brothers.
"And here I was hoping no one would ask about him. Cain disappeared. Forever. Camael used a sigil that hides him from both Angels and demons."
Could it all have gone differently? No... It would have required me to disobey a direct order and fail a mission – the consequences would have been disastrous and I would have brought shame on the Garrison. There was nothing I could do. Dean had to go back to the past to sentence his family to death by trying to save them. The hierarchy used Dean's love for his parents to seal his Fate, without him even realizing it. It was a cruel order. An order I disapprove of and even find degrading. For not only did the hierarchy neglected to inform me about what was at stake, but even
"You guys don't walk enough. You're gonna get flabby."
"Castiel."
"I can’t do that. I have to wait for orders from above." I remove my hand from Dean's face, while his brother glares at me. "I… don’t know what to do, Sam..."
I carefully pick up the scalpel, which earns me a condoning sigh from the one who is supposed to be my victim - he rolls his eyes, yawning loudly.
"Alastair was…" I've never seen Baradiel showing any sign of hesitation before. "… an Angel of my former division," he breathes out. "My brother-in-arms. He was one of those who chose to join Lucifer in the last Apocalypse. And... I almost did so myself." He turns his head to smile at me bitterly. "More correctly, I wanted to, but wasn't quick enough to desert. My General caught me, and as a punishment, had me transferred. He had such a bad opinion of the Garrison that he deemed it harsher than rehabilitation or execution to be sent there."
An Angel's devotion cannot be self-interested. It is complete and absolute. Should it be His Will, then I shall comply. For I cannot live without His approval.
"Zachariah warned us not to listen to her," Zedekiel hisses nervously. "She is trying to make us doubt..."
The impact on the mountain is violent and painful, but it did shake off my assailants. I scramble back to my feet, turning my back on the mountain to prevent an attack from behind again. I brush a tract of land lined with a dozen trees off my shoulder with a flick of my hand.
I'm staring at Cas, waiting for him to confirm, to make the nasty feeling in my gut go away. The exact same feeling I had when I walked on Sam drinking demon blood. Or when I learned Cas was working with Crowley.
"Clever. That didn't keep your seal from being broken, though."
"Very well. I will release Barabbas. What should I do with Jesus Christ?"
The harsh behavior I had to display in order to get the reaction I was expecting, as well as our previous altercations, probably gave Dean a very bad opinion of me, judging by the mistrust in his voice. But now I can finally talk to him with no imposed objective to achieve.
"What's going on, Uriel? It better be important, I was working on my report on human superstitions and beliefs for..."
Come on, Cas, prove me right. I know you didn't left me on purpose. Benny's wrong, just tell him.
I nod to incite him to pursue, and seize another file that needs to be approved before being sent to Administration.
With one strong flap of my wings, I leave the park and appear in the shadowy torture chamber, dimly lit by moonlight pouring down on the trap. The smell of blood, sulfur and fear still lingering in the air is thick with humidity and mold.
Gabriel had not given a sign of life since Jesus Christ's death, and Michael and Raphael have not once shown themselves to us since. Hierarchical ranks are stricter now, and it would be out of question today for soldiers of our rank to speak directly to an Archangel. Everything has to go through our immediate superior. Which we no longer have.
"Now, seven angels have been murdered," says Uriel. "All of them from our garrison. The last one was killed tonight."
"I imagine Hester wasn't exactly overjoyed to hear this," Balthazar points out in a playful tone. "I know how much she cares about lambs and baby animals on a general level…"
"It's a matter of confidentiality, I can't tell you anything, and that's not the reason I called you here!"
Sam is staring at me with his captivating, shifting face, his hand still held out to me. I finally decide to take it. The contact does not trigger any kind of reaction, which is a relief. The skin is warm and smooth, completely normal to the touch.
On his true face showing through, his three eyes are glowing like embers.
Virgil is standing stiff by his side.
"Me neither."
No, there's something very wrong.
Hester's face, as though chiseled out of ice, appears right in front of me, his pale grey eyes filled with concern. I can feel his hand gently touching my shoulder.
I cast him a warning glance. Has he forgotten what Michael said when we all bowed down before Adam and Eve? Father created Humans in His own image. To insult them is to insult the Lord.
"Calm down, Uriel."
"Destiny can't be changed, Dean." I finally turn to face him. "All roads lead to the same destination."
Once we're all here, Anna lifts her head.
"It's advisable not to be too specific," I say as an explanation. "Dean is a skilled hunter. And if he attempts to kill Azazel now, it will be up to
"I will do whatever it takes to save Humanity."
"The goat joke is perfectly fine. We don't need another one."
, though? Humanity is His masterpiece, and Dean is a direct descendant of Adam and Eve, Father's chosen ones, the Humans He loved and showed Himself to! He is indifferent to my siblings' fate, this I understand, but why would He not care for Dean and Sam? For the Creation which is threatened with destruction now?
Miz crosses his arms with a slow blink of eyes as he listens to our brothers argue.
Uriel... Oh, brother... what happened to you?
How many of us will there be eventually? Hundreds? Thousands?
"The seal is safe. This is a victory."
Abel's eyes are closed, eyelashes fluttering on his cheeks still holding the roundness of childhood. He snuggles up against his mother who smiles and keeps stroking his hair and humming her song, fingers dipping into the brown curls.
I know I've got the goofiest smile ever splattered on my face, but I can't help it.
"I think maybe our Father isn't giving the orders anymore. Maybe there is something wrong."
I cease my resurrection in progress and look down at the soul I was about to grant a new life to. It is a feeblish man suffering from a genetic abnormality in his aorta. He won’t get to live long. Maybe resurrecting him is indeed a waste of time and energy?
I say out loud to all my brothers.
My Grace congeals with dread. Was Uriel right after all?
I open my mouth to answer, when I hear the roar of a motor getting louder and louder, until we see through the window the Winchester's black vehicle parking in front of the building.
But I can't breathe a word of this to Zachariah, I can't tell him that I'd rather be reassigned than go back to those traitors, so I fall back on another truth.
He spat the Lord's sacred name like a curse and I snap my eyes up, my Grace ablaze with rage-infused indignation. The blasphemy makes my wings stiffen behind my back - but as soon as I meet his gaze, the holy wrath gives way to sourness and shame.
Balthazar has been put in charge of the communication strategy towards Humans to make them receptive to the word of God that Camael -
The Garden of Eden gathers all the splendor of Father's creation. The most luxurious plants, the most graceful and lively animals, and of course the two chosen Humans the Archangels brought here soon after they were born.
I'm the only one in the room who doesn't chuckle pretentiously at those words. I don't understand what's so funny.
Cain stops carving his piece of wood that now has a vaguely human shape and sighs as he look up to the sky, gazing at the mountains and the frayed clouds as if he were trying to see us. His eyes drop shut and an expression of focused serenity relaxes his features. Out of the corner of my eye, I see Camael’s wings shiver and his eyes lit up. His Grace calms down and flows again peacefully in his body. I look back at Cain who is smiling softly with his eyes still closed.
"Thank you for finally acknowledging it," Brap says in a drawling voice, wiping his round glasses with his shirt. "I've been telling you for the last two billion years: I'm always right."
I look down, distraught, as Sam and Anna notice the broken look on the righteous man's face.
"I was watching over Eve. When she stepped into her house, Azazel was already there inside Adam's body."
My shortened name brings me to meet Dean's eyes, my Grace coming to a halt in my veins. I didn't know the name of the woman who paid the high price for my refusal to take a vessel to speak to the righteous man. I have been so busy with the upcoming Apocalypse that I didn't even try to find out - actually, I nearly forgot about that incident.
And he knows it.
"I figured you might react that way, Siosp," he says in a soft voice. "I hoped you'd prove me wrong. Rehabilitation will help you get rid of these tendencies."
"The sun..." Hester breathes out in stupor, staring up wide-eyed at the sky.
"This is normal, considering I told no one about it."
"It’d still be better than the ridiculous alternative you suggested."
They're sending these thoughts in chorus again, in perfect celestial harmony.
Now that's a weight off my shoulders. This confirms that Baradiel was wrong. The demons are to blame, no one else. All I have to do now is to get the information from Alastair or Lilith to seize and neutralize this weapon.
There is this faint, almost distant sense of unease I am feeling. But nothing that compares to the searing stab of sadness that sliced through me when my favorite human species went extinct before my eyes.
"Where is the vessel?"
Compensating? For what? What does he mean?
He makes a sharp gesture, and I stare in astonishment as demons and hellhounds dive into the ground, going back to where they came from, leaving only sulfur fumes behind. Some of them seem reluctant to follow suit, and Lucifer unblinkingly snaps his fingers, making them explode. On the ground, the portal he had opened to Hell is closing down.
Camael is reborn as Jesus to bring Faith to Humans. When the news spreads that his Grace has been destroyed and that he will die as a Human, many Angels rebel and are sent out to rehabilitation. Jesus grew up forgetting what his true nature was, and gathered followers with miracles and preaching. The Garrison, under the order of Zachariah, coerces Judas to betray him to his enemies.
. I am very close to blasphemy, and...
. That was only devotion. A powerful but misplaced devotion, for only God deserves it.
"Then how should we call him?"
The massive shape of my brother emerges from the shadows and takes a few heavy steps to the broken trap, walking over the collapsed sigils.
"Sit down. We will begin now."
"You, a traitor? This is nonsense."
Gawking, the Human drops down sitting on the floor, and frantically scrambles backwards, eyes riveted on the screen until his back hits the couch.
Her fingers grow still and she blinks, tilting her head to the side.
"Don't bother, Angels. None of you can kill me."
I take a look down again at Jimmy who scrambles back to his feet, shaking all over.
I squint at two fish copulating to prepare the next generation, completing their frantic act with a squeaking noise.
- failure to protect the seals that let demons think they can insult us and not face consequences? Just how much more humiliation am I going to endure? The hierarchy, my subordinates, and even Dean Winchester... now even common demons are looking down on me?
"Showtime, Cassy! Show him a fraction of your pretty face while you're at it. He'll be too dazzled to see the details, but that should impress him."
"Stop focusing on the punishment and look further for the meaning behind! All I see is that the hierarchy - that our
"That's because Dean isn't epileptic like Jimmy is."
"Because he's a first-class pain in the ass, a troublemaker, insolent and rude. Call it a gift for Anael who was annoying the hell out of us, always asking for more soldiers. But that's not the point! Zachariah, Castiel is clearly not up to the task, and I don't get why you're so lenient with him!"
"Who else would ever want Lucifer back?"
I stare at him wide-eyed. What is that supposed to mean?
The Archangels, Death and Father have no need for a weapon to kill us. That leaves only the Sisters and the Angels... who all work under Heaven's orders.
I slowly lower my hand, which I kept outstretched towards the Colt to stop it if Dean had ever dared to shoot the demon. In my peripheral eye sight, John is coming back to life in Mary's arms, next to Samuel Campbell's empty carcass that Azazel has just vacated. Everything happened exactly as Fate intended. The fallen Cherub successfully obtained Mary's consent by murdering John and then promising to bring him back to life. A vicious and disloyal process to which even the vilest demons do not normally stoop.
is righteous?"
brought Sam back in exchange for Dean's soul," I lean closer to Anpiel to whisper adamantly, disregarding Atropos' glare on me, "and we found out about this much too late, when the Hellhounds had already dragged him to Hell."
The crack in reality widens all of a sudden. A tiny human face appears, and her scream echoes across the meeting room as her eyes burst into flames like torches and melt into their sockets.
"This is my only condition. You get the human along with the angel or nothing at all."
am I doing?
Miz grows quiet and just crosses his arms as he returns to his station. I glance over at Balthazar, whose uncharacteristic silence could almost make me forget he's there. His tourmaline eyes are focused on Camael, and three of his arms are crossed while his head is resting on his fourth hand.
Miz and I gaze away from Eve's creature that has just turned into a wolf at full moon, and we immediately spread our wings to launch ourselves into the cold air of the night.
I gaze at the horizon where blue sky melts into the shimmering water of the Dead Sea. From this high up in the mountains, there is a magnificent view of the salt lake, which has shrunk over the centuries and whose southern part is used by humans as a salt marshes.
Uriel scowls.
"Well, it doesn't matter anyway," says Uriel, smirking, "since redheads have no soul."
"I knew it!" Balthazar gloats in a victorious tone.
I look up and spread my shaking wings, filled with horror as I consider how serious the crime I am about to commit is. I can't afford to ponder or muse now that I've made my decision. I don't have much time and I have to act fast to save Sam and Dean before my brethren see that something is wrong. I am willing to die and betray God Himself if my sacrifice means that Humanity won't be wiped out and Sam and Dean get to live free.
"Cas..."
"Sometimes…"
"So, what – We're just supposed to sit around and, and wait for it to happen?!"
Samandriel remains silent, and I keep my eyes shut, continuing in a low voice: "I hope God will be merciful and forgive him. I pray to Him every day to offer Camael a second chance."
Still, I can't help deploring every single life killed in this war.
I slowly unfurl my wings and steps closer to Levanael who is watching me with a fond gleam in her eyes shadowed with blond eyelashes.
And now, I can feel this body's metabolism getting into action, initiating a digestion process. I interrupt it by making all the food disappear from my body with a single crackle of my Grace. I have better things to do than digesting food.
If they order me to kill Sam... I won't be able to. I won't tell them what happened.
For the very first time in my life, I am deserting a mission that was assigned to me. I should be ashamed, but I'm not. This is for the greater good, and Uriel is not my Father or even a hierarchical superior.
"Camael, you have been proven innocent. You may join your brother in the terraces and go back to your mission once Castiel has been tried."
There's still the matter of the tie Jimmy loosened before I took possession of him... How do Humans do it again? These useless strips of cloth are fairly new, and I've never really given them much thought. I untie it, and I try to make the knot as well as I can.
"You can. Benny, tell him."
Before I get to reply, Raphael appears in front of us and extinguishes the holy fire with a snap of his fingers. Then he grabs us by the shoulder and spreads his wings open.
"Why did you have Rzionr Nrzfm transferred to the Garrison? Your report described him as an excellent soldier."
"Your humanity's a pain in the ass, Dean. In fifty years time, I haven't met that many monsters than in a month with you."
Darkness engulfs me like a pool of ink when I walk into the cave. It reeks of blood and sulfur in here. I squint, eyes piercing through the shadows. Uneven stone walls are smeared with demonic markings drawn in blood. I touch the still dripping liquid with my fingertips. It's the blood of virgins whose throats have been slit open.
echoes Hester’s clear voice in my head.
"If this is about Camael’s punishment
Which means that all hope of smoothly saving the seal is lost.
Dean seems to ponder over this for a second, then grows serious again as he walks towards me.
"… Yeah well, that’s only if our hierarchy grants us permission to intervene," Uriel comments, smoothing down his feathers.
The giant and wide open mouth's coming closer to rip off my neck, but suddenly a bright light makes me squint my eye. I see Cas' silhouette towering the monster, his hand plastered on its furry head and glaring coldly at it as the light resorbs. The werewolf falls back heavily on me, his mouth gaping and charred right on my face.
Oh. So that's why.
"You mean you
"Okay, great, well now that you’re here, why don’t you tell us where the witch is, we’ll gank her and everybody goes home."
I avert my eyes and stare at the vacant seats of my brethren. Once again, free will will be violated under a direct order coming from the hierarchy. Baradiel was right. Free will isn’t real. It is nothing but a grand idea built on illusions and deceptions. There is no freedom, no choice.
"You should know me well enough by now to see that all I want is for you to be safe and successful. And what you're doing here will lead to your downfall. You're sick, Castiel... very, very sick."
I stride over to the still unbroken seal, exasperation pulsing through my Grace. I had explicitly ordered her to stick close to the seal to stop the demons from digging into the ground. The sacred salt crystals - remains of Lot's wife's body that Rachel once petrified - cannot be dug up.
I look down at one of the sacred books resting on a chair, and spot one of the tomes I've already read in the library. The cover illustration features a bloodthirsty pagan god that the Winchester brothers succeeded in slaying - the story had been so compelling that I had actually feared for their lives even though I was aware that they had survived it.
The pile of ashes simmers. I get down on one knee, my finger hovering above the ground as I wait for Cain’s soul to appear so I can dive into his mind.
"Your brother effortlessly killed Alastair. He's still consuming demon blood, Dean. He's getting stronger and more inhuman. I must warn you while there's still time: get him back on track before my superiors give the order to take him out."
My eyes slide shut as I feel my wings spreading out on the ground, my dying Grace thickening before I'm hurled far, far away.
"We're not allowed to talk about Camael!" Zedekiel blurts out, throwing nervous glances all around.
No. He would never. Or would he? I know that in theory our blades can kill us. But Camael would never do such a thing.
"Lust..." Uriel drawls, the tone of his voice halfway between contempt and amusement.
"Just about time. I have a feeling your vessel is ready for the grand leap. Be prepared to talk to him. This time, directly."
I look at my work with pride and satisfaction of having done my duty. There is nothing left of Camael in Cain's memory. I didn't just bury the memories into his subconscious like my brothers often do because it is easier. They are irremediable destroyed. The Phœnix stopped praying. He has no one to pray to. No one he remembers.
If it weren't for the Apocalypse and all the new responsibilities that have engulfed me since I came back from Hell, I probably would have had the idea to request a derogation to fix this incident by healing her and erasing her memory. But this is impossible in wartime. Any Apocalypse involves collateral damage, and despite our best efforts, we are less than one million celestial beings - Angels, Archangels, Cherubs with or without rank included. 898,328 officially. Or rather, 898 327 now that Levanael has been killed. And this number includes Gabriel, who has not been seen again since Jesus Christ died on the cross.
Ephra sounds a bit lost.
If there is one thing I have learned from the Apocalypse and Camael's death, it's that any rebellion, no matter how massive, no matter how righteous, will be crushed mercilessly. If hundreds of thousands of Angels combined could not win, then just what are Uriel and I to do on our own?
Pmox chuckles quite inappropriately for a warrior of the Lord, which makes Zedekiel cringe and step back in embarrassment. He’s acting and sounding like a low-rank Cherub. This isn't an appropriate behavior for an Angel of our rank.
My soldier spreads his wings and disappears immediately, leaving his batrachian on my desk. I share a long look with it. Its eyes are glassy and there's something about them that is making me uncomfortable.
"I guess it's about Chuck's prophecy. It's been bypassed, has it not?"
"Keep your positions, you morons!"
"We were not sent here to do this. The hierarchy trusts us to do our duty, we have to be worthy of it."
"Good. The issue is closed. I have an announcement to make that directly concerns your functions in the Mission."
"Indeed," Uriel says in a restrained voice. "I heard whispers and I went back to their source. A second ranked Cherub from the Archives caught a glimpse of a meeting report that Zachariah was holding in his hand. He was only able to read a few words, but he's adamant. They are hiding things from us. The hierarchy is keeping us in the dark about Camael, even though we are directly involved."
Probably best to just change the subject.
, that might give ideas to some Angels and bring chaos. Heaven has suffered enough rebellions as it is."
Not taking my eyes off her, I try to discreetly complete the outline circle and trace the sigils around it. My sister presses her lips together and glares down at me, hurt flashing through her eyes.
Dean needs my help. I am his Guardian Angel and that comes first, not my war strategy or the hierarchy's silly orders. My tie slips off my shoulder and flops back against my chest as I take in the battlefield. My soldiers are vigorously flapping their wings to move from chain to chain, chasing down the demons. I quickly raise my voice to send my order.
And I know now for sure that the war I'm fighting is already lost. If it is written that the Cage shall be opened and the Apocalypse shall descend again upon the Earth, that is how it will be. I understand now why the hierarchy never backed me in my mission. Why my soldiers are dying. Why I am losing.
I close my fist around our fallen sister's glowing Grace.
"Very well, that's your choice. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have things to do somewhere for something."
I don’t understand. I don't get why it's so difficult to instill Faith in Humans. How can they live without believing, and how can they have doubts after receiving the word of God through His Son? There is no need for me to understand in order to accomplish a mission. So I keep my questions to myself.
Ephra pats Pmox's head one last time before giving me a serious look.
"If Alastair hasn't broken in an hour, he won't break in a thousand years. It's pointless and dangerous to keep the King of Hell captive. We will have to kill him as soon as possible."
Virgil nods in agreement.
To make the Human I raised from Hell suffer is the last thing I would ever want. But his Fate is sealed now, it's too late, far too late. Regret and compassion won't change a thing. The chance to sabotage the mission and stop the Apocalypse has passed and won't happen again. I fought the temptation like a faithful Soldier of the Lord, but I can't bring myself to be proud of it. I put all my trust in God's Plan, and I pray that I did the right thing. Surely my Father knows what He is doing and these injustices are part of a larger scheme that I am not aware of.
"I remember now. There were rumors back then about an Angel from the Garrison that Raphael was keeping a close eye on. So that was you."
"It was a
Perhaps it's better that way.
"Come on, no time to waste," I say.
"Samandriel."
Still leaning against the furniture, I take a breath and clench my hands - only two of them, which is something I'm just getting used to. The righteous man himself is refocusing the conversation back to my mission objective. Good. Questions about my Father's absence make me uncomfortable and bring back to the surface some of my earlier doubts.
The Apocalypse is nigh as more seals are being broken. Castiel finds out on a mission in the past that by obeying orders, he caused the tragedy the Winchesters went through and triggered even the Apocalypse. He starts wondering about the orders he receives, and goes so far as to confide his doubts to Dean who listens without judgment.
"The Gospel is still unfinished, though. Is it to watch how far your charges have come that you're reading this?"
"Leviathans were the only creatures able to kill us, and they have been locked away, Levanael. Our number won’t get any lower."
The older Angels do have this tendency to look down on us as if they know something we don't. Something that occurred before the Garrison was created.
"Three days ago, you thought there was no such thing as me."
"God created souls, Hester. It isn't our place to judge His decisions. For He is great and His plan is just. We don't need to understand what He wants to serve Him. You just have to have Faith."
I step away from the counter and walk over to the jukebox which keeps playing music, then come to a halt, joining my hands behind my back.
"I believe that in all of Creation, a mother's love is the most beautiful thing Father has ever created."
"How long have they been behaving that way?" I ask, intrigued.
"Nothing can guarantee I'll pass the portal, Dean..." he whispers softly.
"They killed the leader!"
My throat is unusually tight, making it difficult to breathe - the air I exhale billows in pale mist in the cold air. The swaying branches become blurred and I clench my fists, barely controlling my Grace as it churns through my veins.
Instead of reacting to his provocations, I splash holy water on his face. His wet skin immediately starts blistering, releasing smoke that reeks of sulfur, then entire flaps come off when I keep pouring water directly on it. The burn, however, merely draws a grunt of discomfort from him, and then a patronizing snort. I've been questioning him for hours now, and he has not once let out a single cry. The best I could get was for him to wince a bit, but he mostly seems to be enjoying it. I have tried so hard, and this is the fifth time now I'm healing him to start over, still hoping I'll find what will make him talk at last.
I avert my eyes and straighten my back. The concrete road ahead is brightly lit by the headlights, slowly and tediously unfolding before me.
Camael tightens his wings behind his back and stares gloomily at the holy fire burning.
I turn my head to study the face of Adam and Eve's descendant. In a way, I do acknowledge and share the grief he expressed in his eyes, but Dean seems to be experiencing it on a completely different scale than I can't even comprehend. We celestial beings are unable to develop such feelings, which are so important to Humans throughout their brief existence. We were never created for this.
I can feel my blade, made of Grace hardening in my vein, piercing my right forearm's skin and slipping out. It falls from my sleeve directly into my hand. All around me, there are dozens of my soldiers, some with vessels and some without.
we are. Our personality, our memories, and an echo of our Grace."
"I will."
"Brothers!" Baradiel is trying to get them to stop fighting. "Remember our orders! We are supposed to seize Castiel, now is not the time to be squabbling!"
"My superiors have begun to question my sympathies."
"We should have left your Human to rot in Hell, if you ask me," he growls angrily. "He keeps getting in our way when we're on mission. If it were up to me, I would drive his head into the ground to teach him to show respect in the presence of superior beings."
Standing still and invisible, we have been watching for hours the swarming crowds at our feet. The sun is shining bright in the cloudless sky, relentlessly casting its burning rays on the city and its inhabitants. In this area, the Humans display darker skin and hair to resist heat. Some of them only wear a loincloth, others cover their head and body with white fabric to protect themselves.
"No."
"Your human body..."
And then he flies away in the blink of an eye, leaving me alone with my thoughts and the teachings Jesus is giving to his growing number of fascinated disciples.
There's a few hushed sneers.
None of this will be of any importance once Camael has completed the mission.
"Not bad." His voice is raspy, his vessel being barely out of adolescence. "This one is a better fit than last time, but still a bit tight."
"Okay, who are you and why should I care?" asks Dean, irritably.
My sister may have committed the worst crime there is –
Camael is dead.
"Are you sure about this, Castiel? The unranked Cherubs' work has never been a target before."
I think I understand now. Anna ripped her Grace off to sever it from her holy spirit. Deliberately.
My coat is gently swaying in the breeze and the kite is swirling high above.
This naive, dualistic conception of reality in the righteous man's soul will never fail to amaze me. Was it the ordeals he went through in Hell and his life as a hunter trained like a soldier that shaped him so? I can only assume that this inclination to compartmentalize good and evil makes it easier for him to comprehend the world and to cope with his past.
, but now they must endure the sight of pointless sacrifices. Which has a damaging effect on the Garrison's relations with other divisions. Now that we're back on our monitoring mission, they keep blaming us for lazing around while they are busy recreating wildlife and flora.
There is something intense and deeply unsettling about her unblinking gaze, as though she is expecting
"I thought I've made myself very clear, Benny. Cas and I we're a 2-in-1 package, on special offer, take it or leave it. If the angel doesn't pass, the human won't either, that's the way it is. I'd rather stay here forever than leave without him. Capiche?"
I must have seen it wrong. Ever since he came back from rehabilitation, Siosp has become as quiet as Miz, and never mentioned his sector again. He didn't even react when Michael described his battle strategy, involving the destruction of the two main cities in his former sector.
Hester’s got a point there.
"So what?"
She has to die.
"I trust you to observe the miracle and write it properly in your report."
I can't hold back a victory grin just knowing him powerless and strapped to the demon trap that I designed especially for him.
If this turns out to be accurate, then on
"Maybe they found a way? The seal is broken, Castiel. It has to be them."
"And? Anna's an innocent girl!"
. His wrist's moves are flexible and steady – methodical – and I can't help groaning when he quickens his pace and nibbles at my lower lip. The burning tension in my belly increases. I'm gonna come like a teenager if it goes on like that. But now.. Now I'm so close... Pleasure is so intense, I can feel his cock pulsing against mine, and – oh
Could it be that he picked me to assist him for this reason?
Simultaneously projected in all dimensions, the trap forms a glowing globe of orbiting silver sigils, circled by liquid Enochian incantations. But on an entire section of this cage, invisible to non-celestial eyes, the glowing protections dissemble and collapse into a gaping hole in the fabric of reality. The persistent sound of dripping water echoes in the cold room.
Then it's Uriel's turn to speak. "In the city I was watching over, the Humans became ill all at once. Every single one of them, all with different and new diseases."
"Castiel..."
"Ah, Cassy Cassy Cassy. You’re so young and naive. You really don’t know a thing about Grace, do you?"
This is not the first time I have caught Samandriel knowing far more than expected from his age and rank.
My wings clench behind my back.
It doesn’t seem like my support is making him any less upset. He stays silent and stares down at the ground restlessly. I wish I could tell him our brothers will establish the truth and all suspicions will be discarded, but I would be lying. Because I have no idea what will happen to us. Perhaps we will be sent to rehabilitation, or executed. Or left in here for all eternity.
"I hope so. It'd be a pain in the ass to hunt you on the outside 'cause you behaved like an asshat."
"The raising of Samhain, have you stopped it? "
The Prophets of the Lord who came after Jesus' death had mostly been his closest followers. I rarely had the opportunity to see them, as I was not the General at the time and Anna was in charge of all human relations. But what I saw of them was quite startling, and the writings themselves were peppered with inaccuracies and sometimes absurd deviations from reality. Chuck also takes some liberties with the Word of God, but overall he stays accurate and even enhances the truth with his outstanding talent.
"Our eye color is the result of a chemical reaction inside our Grace at the exact instant of our creation. Remember the very first thing you saw. Your Grace has absorbed its color and preserved it. For instance, the splendid green and pink nuances of my tourmaline eyes that make all my charm come from the lake near which I was created, at sunset. And our dear friend Baradiel was created…"
"Anael!" I call louder. Didn’t he hear me?
The joy I felt is gone now, chased away by all the work ahead of me. I have to obtain a confession from Alastair and try my best to defeat the prophecy.
I take a look at my sister whose wings are carefully folded behind her back, her hair ruffled by our flight. There is a blonde lock caught between her pale lips, but she doesn't seem to mind.
"All the children they had seem to be male," our General points out.
Gabriel opens his eyes again and gaze up to the sky, still not sparing me a glance.
"Then we have to warn Gabriel or Raphael."
First Anna, and now Uriel... is it some kind of test sent by the hierarchy or God, just as having me kill the innocent survivors of the Flood was just to gauge my obedience? Or is there truth in their blasphemies?
Laughter ceases and silence falls. Pmox is staring at me wide eyed. Balthazar's composure wavers just for a split second before he pulls himself together and makes what looks like a military salute, most likely inspired by Humans.
"This whole thing," he snarls, "was
I raise my head at Cas' gravelly voice. His eyes are narrowed – full of frustration – and it's obvious he's unhappy with how I stopped. Still sticky with blood, his hand grabs brusquely the back of my neck and he tries to kiss me again. But I turn my head, I put my lips just between his neck and his shoulder, and gently nibble at his dirty skin. His acrid and musky body odor invades my senses and not even the salty and bitter taste of old sweat on my tongue can put me off. The trench-coat's collar's stiff from dried blood and brushes against my cheek. Cas chokes back what sounds like my name, and flexibly moves his hips, adding pressure against my hard cock strained in my jeans. Oh fuck,
"Goodbye, sister."
She's right. For Dean, it's all about choosing between his family and strangers, so his feelings easily dictate his actions. As for me... it is not feelings, but Faith and devotion that have always guided my steps. I could save my soldiers, stop the Apocalypse before it even happens... but that would imply disobeying my Father, betraying my very nature and the trust placed in me, and putting my own interests above the plans of Destiny and all of Heaven. Showing vanity by believing myself to be wiser than God. That would make me worse than Lucifer...
I press my lips together as I look at the melting snow on the wet ground. Dean doesn't realize that Heaven is organized in hierarchical structures, departments and divisions, and that orders always come from above. I broke the rules by taking this initiative that led to Alastair being caught, but under normal circumstances an ordinary Angel has no power of decision. No one can possibly decide to give eternal life to common Humans just because they are
But more than anything else, the very idea that Baradiel, the wise and dignified Baradiel, made the decision not so long ago to turn his back on Heaven and the Lord, is staggering.
My Grace is moving slowly in my vessel's veins as I share a glance with Uriel, who looks halfway between amusement and sourness.
. He orders us to bow down before Adam and Eve. And from now on, to love Humans more than we love our Father."
The answer to my question is clearly written in Balthazar's eyes, extinguishing the last glimmer of hope inside me.
"You ask me to open that door and walk through it, you will not like what walks back out."
"Why didn't they just deactivate Camael's powers
"Be quiet, Gabriel. If we use this seal on Cain, we won’t ever be able to find him again comes the day we do need him. I’d rather stock a weapon than just throw it away."
So this is it? Won't the high command do anything to help me? Am I expected to basically stop the Apocalypse all by myself?
The lamp post above my head starts crackling under the effect of the familiar aura that suddenly envelops the place and makes my wings quiver in expectation. I slowly turn around to face my sister, my General, my lifelong guide.
"Come on, Castiel..." he leans over me, smiling contentedly. "There's no reason to be afraid... Just look at how much the rehabilitation improved me and the high position I reached in the hierarchy! You'll thank me someday."
Things are not quite so easy for us Angels of the Lord.
Uriel scoffs.
(See the end of the chapter for
She tilts her head to the side, staring intently at me.
A hint of annoyance flashes through Anael's eyes, promptly replaced with pity.
not the time!"
Anael’s sole response is to glare at him.
"Each of the seals symbolizes a sacred and divine element." His voice flows like warm honey. "To break even one seal would defile any living being to the last stage, would damn them in the most final way. Of all existing creatures, only demons are able to commit such sacrileges."
"It's just…"
I briefly wash my socks and wring them out the best I can while laughing.With each twisting, a grayish liquid – sock's juice – drips from the grated cloth.
Siosp has not missed a single opportunity throughout tens of millions of years to gloat about the achievements and superiority of the beings in his sector. Although annoying, his dedication and competitive spirit were a part of his temperament, and he now seems to have been stripped of it.
"… the hierarchy has selected the most suitable profile to fulfill the position and responsibilities. An Angel who has many times proven his devotion and reliability, his bravery in the battlefield, his respect for rules and hierarchy, his sense of sacrifice and initiative, his stoicism in the most critical situations... Anyway! The list goes on and on: skills, reliability, experience, yadda yadda yadda. Add every praising words you can think of, it will save me the trouble."
I look down to marvel at the carved gilding adornments all around and the dark red seats arranged in a half circle on the ground level and perched in the balconies. My two hundred soldiers are sitting on one side, and the two hundred members of the Council on the other. When Zachariah and Brap walk onto the stage, it pulls me out of my contemplation, and I can feel my wings clenching.
The righteous man's glare is on me, hostile and wary.
"Your friend is alive," I say as I keep distractedly reading.
"Farewell," I whisper before exploding the reflecting surface with a flick of my hand. Glass shards shoot and slice into the air, sending glowing fragments of light everywhere, but I’m long gone before they fall back to the ground.
"Give her to us."
"Charge!"
A hint of fear flashes through the governor's eyes as he sees the vociferous masses clamoring for my brother's blood with increasing fury.
"Cas..."
That thought sinks like a rock in the ocean. There is a tremor shaking the depths of the Earth and a flash of lightning rips through the dark sky. Could it be a combined effect of our grief?
She comes to a halt in front of me and reaches out for my shoulder. The touch of her hand sets my Grace ablaze with a combination of yearning and wrath as I look down at her hand made of flesh, bone and blood.
He doesn’t need to tell them twice, my brothers immediately fly off in a swish. Miz and I are the only ones left to face Anael now.
And I have a mission to carry out.
I rise to my feet, following it with my eyes, and walk around the pillar where the pipe goes down before it disappears into the ground. There, apart from the trap and out of Alastair's sight, a small crank is loosened, opening a valve that allows water to rush into the metal tube. Sharpening my vessel's senses, I can hear it flowing into the pipe.
"Hello?"
"Here is where your offices are situated. On my left, the office of the Garrison. It will probably be empty most of the time, but you only will need it to write down your reports. On my right, the studies department for souls, headed by Michael. Do not be alarmed when you see Reapers in the corridors, you will have to get used to be around them. I won’t show you every single office here, you will find your own quite easily. Low ranked Cherubs, the Love office is all the way down on the right. Let’s move on!"
