building destroyed years ago and then donated the land to an orphanage who needed to build a new home.
about what he’s
Their faces are all blank. "No," Stark grunts, "it was in
“I admit, I was pretty embarrassed. I was also kind of mad that he just barged in front of me and paid for my drink, so I was conflicted and my face was bright red. My friends laughed at me. Assholes.
Strange... where was Strange... he was drawing a blank.
“Ugh, FRIDAY, tell them I’m sick and in no mood for a lecture today. Tell Evie that he can come back here mm never.” Tony grins at that, “And copy the recording of his reaction. I wanna watch–” He hurls some more.
"J-Jay-- I-- there's an a-attack-- I--"
Tony wants to say, “No shit, Sherlock” but he doesn’t have the energy for that, so he lies there instead.
He'd had this
It's okay.
“That’s true, but Tony has thousands of employees under his wing and not to mention the hundreds of contracts, charities, foundations, and scholarships he’s built up in several countries.
"Huh?" Steve finally utters after a flabbergasted look contorts his facial features into something truly worthy of hilarity.
“Have you told Rhodes of your condition?” She says it more like a statement than a question; he suspects she knows his answer.
“Laura–”
“Mm,” he wants to rub his stomach and try and feel his babies. He knows he probably won’t for a while longer, but it’s comforting.
Hey guys! I know. A chapter in two months? Whaaaaaat? Crazy, right. So, as I warned, this is a short one-- a lil over 3.5 pages-- but I think it leaves off more naturally rather than a full-on cliffhanger. Hopefully ya'll like it! I can't say when I'll be updating next because I'm working two jobs now (going on 3), so I'm busy busy busy tryna get that money money money lol. I'm sorry this chapter is so dialogue-heavy. Luckily, next chapter will probably be more... scenery-focused.
And he's right because the midwife sees the first baby crowning. "
“That’s what your mate is supposed to do for you, Tones.”
. Why you decided to be a hypocrite when Tony was spiralling with Ultron. You know just as well as I do that Tony is a
A knock comes at his hospital door and Tony sighs and tells whoever it is to come in.
She never was good at affection, but then neither was he.
. “What?” He turns to look at her sharply and she’s not joking. She just looks sad and resigned.
"'What's up?' 'What's up,' he asks. Are you fuckin' serious?! What the hell, man?! You can't
“Again, you’re creeping me out. How did–”
, you’ve been out for a week. You owe me
with him?
"Well," Stark shrugs, "it was last minute?"
The man pauses and thinks. “No? What does that have to do vith anything?”
The doctors had told him he probably shouldn’t be flying, but Tony has always taken doctors’ advice with a grain of salt. He’d signed his AMA papers, walked--rolled, semantics-- out, and then caught a taxi to the airport. Jacey was with him, and of course she was. Sometimes it felt like she was the only one who was.
“No,” Jacey laughs a little, “that’s probably why he sucks at it. No, first he was a beta. The serum changed every part of him to become the ideal super-soldier, right? His designation was included.”
"What about them?" Tony raises an eyebrow.
“Mr. Stark? Mr. Stark?” Helen Cho is standing over him with a clipboard and a frown.
Helen chortles. “It sure did. The flowers are pretty,” she mentions offhandedly.
Her eyes widen and she grins. “Deal. While you’re at it, I’d like a Dooney and Bourke purse.”
“A husband?” Clint looks puzzled.
He laughs, “Yeah. My mom… well, my mom loved it, but I wanted adventure.” He looks at Tony as if he probably knows what the doctor’s talking about.
Trigger warnings: implied torture, graphic depictions of violence (? sort of? it's implied), implied sexual activities (because I can and this fic is only M for a reason), potty mouths, (uh idk what else but msg me if there is something)
“Richards and I were attending a conference in Ulaanbaatar, we met, and then Richards’s scanners showed an energy reading out here. We came to investigate. Finding you was lucky.”
Tony knows she only means well. That she tries to get him to heal, even when he doesn’t want to. “...Yeah?”
final days."
“Yes,” he says without a second thought, “please.”
one. Afraid that he'd become just like
"See, Stark, that's the thing: you're under arrest."
Water gushes out from between his legs in the weirdest, strangest sensation Tony has ever
“Oh, Tony,” Steve puts a hand on his face and
“Ancient teachings,” she explains, “it was given to many cultures by a good man– a teacher. Stark, why do you not know zis?”
“No. Everyone assumes I’m a beta.”
- Vince Gill
~ The Reason, by Hoobastank
Oh, this is bad. This is all kinds of apocalyptic bad, like worse than losing your car keys and your phone at the same time,
. Is he in labor? No, no, no, no! It's too soon, right? It's too--
"I'm just a ghost in this house,
“I– Natasha, I didn’t hear you come in.” He stills the bag and waits for her to say something.
Jacey turns to meet his eyes and Tony sees that they're bloodshot and that her knuckles are white. She's crying.
“Were,” Tony repeats with an empty gaze.
“Anyways, I just thought that the baby must be growing really fast if you’re already so big. I was worried… because…” Steve bites his lip.
“That’s very helpful, Doc McStuffins, but really a non-cryptic answer would work just fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. Does anyone want to explain to me the shitstorm that was the Leipzig Airport? Or, I don’t know,
Where...?
"Oh!" Tony gasps.
“Ask them,” Fury bites out.
"T-Take them off... they're... hungry. Take... good care of... ok?" His eyes are flickering open and shut. His voice is so, so soft and
“You’ve made promises before, Captain,” Jarvis utters darkly.
that he had already more than proved himself a hero, if not in his own eyes than at least in the public’s, was massively insulting, and Tony wasn’t going to stand for it. Not anymore.
He starts to make his way over to her, and he’s got this look on his face like he’s just been caught with his hand down the cookie jar. It’d be cute, maybe, if she didn’t know how arrogant he is.
She goes near him and Tony's eyebrows furrow together. "Is something wrong, Jay?"
suspects and that is not okay because Tony hadn’t
“... I know,” she says quietly.
His road to redemption began by seeing a therapist to work on his adaptation to modern society and culture, on his PTSD, on his relationship issues, and something the therapist called his “de-rooting” and letting the past go.
thank you all for your kind words and well-wishes. your patience is a blessing and a balm. i hope you still like it.
Steve says things like: [
“Don’t play dumb, Rogers, it doesn’t suit you,” she quips.
Jacey leans back against the headrest and shuts her eyes. Tony turns to look at her lovely face.
Jacey holds her breath. Her vision swims and her heart aches in her chest. She'd known this day would come, but she did not think... would never have guessed that it would be like this. Tony has already been through so
also, i'm trying my absolute best to keep dialogue to a minimum so that the plot and speaking are kinda balanced– let me know if you think it's still too much dialogue and I'll try to tone it down some more.
His whole body is stiff and tense, and he says nothing.
“Oh, Mr. Stark. Have you– have you spoken to Mr. Rogers at all?”
“I told you,” the doctor smiles wryly, “they don’t get me out of bed for just anyone.”
“Well,” he says because there’s nothing else to say.
Scott clams up instantly and then babbles, “Whoa, I’m sorry, man, I didn’t know that was a touchy subject and I’ll just shut up now–”
again
"Shit. Shit. Shit. Owowowow."
Steve does. He’s got a lot of work to do. He starts by apologizing to Clint for dragging him into this mess. Then he apologizes to Sam for getting him thrown in the Raft. He even calls Rhodey up to formally apologize despite being yelled at the whole time. Next he finds Natasha and apologizes for not listening to her advice and for forcing her to choose. He apologizes to Scott for getting him involved and not considering that he may not have wanted to. Finally, he reads over the Accords three times and can grudgingly admit that the new terms are more acceptable.
Tony's lips quirk up just a tad and the first responders are trying to attach him to IVs, and heart monitors, but... he can't feel them. He can't really see them either.
So some of you expressed concerns about Tony no longer being omega, but let me assure you: he still is. However, throughout his travels his body will acclimate to whatever world he's dropped in on so as to better fit in. You can just think of his o!status as becoming... dormant.
– turned around and stabbed him in the back when he was at his most vulnerable.
of him; of what he went through.
anyone. How could she know?
Quickly, all the pieces fly together and Tony's eyes go wide. "Wait, you've found
“Um, I don’t know?” Tony is thoroughly perplexed now.
Dammit. How? He'd been so, so, so damn careful not to let the Cap in on his little secret.
Oh, gods,
"Holy fuck," he hears and it sounds oddly like Barton's voice.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony laughs, but then he starts crying all over again. “No… no, I’m in Mongolia, Jacey, with… um, some fr–aquaintances. We’re… we’re going to Wakanda, Jacey.”
PSA IMPORTANT IMPORTANT PLZ READ
." Her eyes mist up again and she bores into him, hoping he gets it. She can't say more.
Steve taps his chin and looks at Tony thoughtfully, "I could get behind those."
Nobody answers when I call your name"
He's thinking such things right now, as a matter of fact. He's alone–God, he's
Tony blinks. God. The big sap. “You were worried because you thought the serum might be hurting the baby.”
Tony just gasps for air, so Squidward loosens his grip some, and growls: "I will not ask again, puny human. Where are the stones?"
“No, they’re just incredibly rare and incredibly sought-after. It is the most revered bond we have in society, Tony. Even back during the early days of all this, when everything was new, and all the social hardships tore our country apart, the one thing that everyone respected was the soul bond. It didn’t matter who had it or who with, just that they got to experience it.
Richards looks like wheels are turning in his head. “What was that–” his eyes widen, “–are you an
“Uh, like a… two? Three, maybe?” Tony scrubs his face, “I don’t get–”
Rhodey sighs, but drops it. “Okay, but we’re gonna have to talk about you jumping me every time I enter the room from now on. The father isn’t in the picture, is he?”
Stark's face purples. From rage, Tony surmises as most likely. "
watching
Tony grinds his teeth, and rolls his eyes. "
“Tony– oh my God– I should have realized! Tony, how deep was your dating-bond with Pepper?”
Another nurse came in and told him it was time for another ultrasound. Tony nodded, and if the nurse noticed him flinch everytime the nurse did something with tools, well, he didn’t say anything.
“It messed with the wrong man.”
"I know," she pats his calf and worries, "I know. You're alright. You can do it. Look at those two beautiful babes, you two really did make gorgeous children."
The plane pulls into the gate and the walkway connects to its side, where the door is. The unfasten seatbelt sign blinks off, and the passengers clamber for their suitcases in the overhead bins, but Tony doesn’t move.
He keeps whispering sorry into Tony’s ear. The man’s body is trembling with the force of his sobs. Steve’s guilt grows stronger, so palpable he can almost taste it.
“Never mind, Rogers,” Tony exhales out of his nose, “I’m-- I’m being harsh in my opinion of her.” He pinches his nose and wills the emerging headache away.
Peter has proven to be a promising heir to Stark Industries just as much as he is a promising hero; a promising
God dammit. Shit. How?
“Accomplishments?” Ross raises an eyebrow and scoffs.
"Just push," she encourages. "I got you."
reviews are my lifeblood and I just want you all to know that I squeal like some kind of dying cat when i get one and then proceed to vomit rainbows. just so we're clear.
, and I was too stupid to see it. So, I wanted to tell you, in case you didn’t know. But, it’s true. I– I know I haven’t really proven it lately, but I thought I should tell you that I do care about you.”
you found out. Why you didn’t say anything to him for
*winces* i know. i'm sorry. haha... you know the saying it'll get worse before it gets better? well... it'll get better. eventually. now begins my self-indulgent time travel, dimension travel, hand-wavey magicky science. you're welcome.
The boy is out.
He has to.
“Well, I’m not. I’d almost convinced him, did you know that? Until I had to put my foot in my mouth
Guy doesn’t say anything, though, so Tony shurgs and waits.
Tony had requested him to watch over both the Ross-s and keep an eye on them for suspicious behavior. If he left now, he would inevitably be disappointing the engineer, and that just simply isn’t done.
“He did, I was defending–”
Steve puts one arm under Tony's knees and one on his back. He lifts him carefully and slowly, and his strength
He freezes. He looks over to her and clasps and unclasps his hands in his lap. He closes his eyes and droops.
She spins to look at him and, this time, she is very shocked. “What? I didn’t think you could stay away from all the adrenaline and the… ‘parties’.”
"TONY!" The midwife shouts at him. He hums and then blinks his eyes open. Sweat is rolling down his face in rivulets. He is weakening, she knows.
“Coffee,” Tony repeats and makes grabby hands.
. No. No, he didn’t. Steve had Sharon now, and god wasn’t that the strangest thing ever: his dead Aunt Peggy’s niece with his sort-of lover–– ugh. What a nightmare. Well, the good thing was that he wouldn’t start showing until about the fourth month, and he wouldn’t be completely obviously pregnant until about the sixth/seventh month of pregnancy. After that he’d be on bed-rest for the remaining four months, so he could just say he was taking leave and not let anyone bother him or see him until he got the C-section. Lovely.
A crackling sound comes from above and Steve doesn’t hesitate before throwing himself over Tony’s limp body.
urgh this is late i'm sorry. life is... ugh. my mojo has... erm well it decided it needed a little vacay so idk when the next update is gonna be. my muse is unpredictable. buuuuuut hopefully next-ish month? your comments inspire me as always! they make me think about my fic and what it still needs and then i get IDEAS and then you get chapters hahaha. I LOVE COMMENTS SO MUCH HAHAHAHA
Fuck, he was so pathetic. He couldn't even get up from his self-induced pity-party to get a single goddamn drink.
Steve’s crestfallen face and puppy-dog eyes hit Tony full-force. “It wasn’t exactly any of my business, and it’s not like I asked. Well, I didn’t really have the right to even ask. After what I did. I’m… I’m still so, so sorry, Tony. I– I was the bully, you know that right?”
goddamn
Tony lifts his hands as if to say,
Howcouldhehowcouldhehowcouldhe--!
Barton falls out of the squat to land on his butt in utter shock. "I'm sorry-- what?"
“Steve.” Tony’s jaw is hanging open and he’s staring at the tears that are still running down Steve’s face. “Steve--? What--? Why are you--?”
He owed the man an even bigger apology than the half-assed one he gave earlier.
“What? Really?”
Strange thinks on it for a moment, “Rhubarb,” he says finally.
He crouches down to look over Tony and Tony is surprised to see how much emotion there is in his blue eyes. They're a slightly different blue from his Steve's, but they're still undoubtedly Steve's. He feels his heart thump in his chest.
“What did you call me?” The man’s using a dangerous tone that suggests Tony may have made the man reach the end of his rope.
.” He runs his fingers through his hair and shrugs. “Really. Everyone can stop pretending to worry about me, okay, because I am
“Oh my God, woman! The suspense is killing me! Tell me what happened!”
The colonel shouts, distress clear in every line of his face.
was-- like ridiculously incomprehensible." Disbelief and shock are still coloring his features and widening his eyes.
"Well." Tony wets his lips and clears his throat, "Maya Hansen originally got the idea from me, even if I
“Dunno,” he shrugs, “nurses say it’s from a secret admirer.”
Tony.
Tell me that’s not what that is before I put it all over Twitter that Tony Stark watches terrible reality TV.”
Steve washes that baby, too. Wraps him in a towel and lays him on Tony's chest. Eddy wails.
Tony twists to look behind him. “You… you the manager, then? I gotta tell ya, man, that ride over here? Big fix; most uncomfortable car ever. I think it’s time for an upgrade.”
“I- well, yes.”
“...” Tony sniffles, “Thanks, Jacey. You’re the best.”
The man curls his lip, but they all walk back to the palace.
“Hey, Cho, what’s up?” He opens his eyes a crack and greets her. He hasn’t seen her since the disaster with Ultron, where she’d been severely injured, but she’d made it through. He’s glad.
Guess what I just found. By complete chance, mind you. so I sometimes like to use a word counter tool for funsies. I just opened that same website aaaand IT HAD SAVED IT. BY SOME MIRACLE. IT SAVED IT. AFTER 5+ MONTHS. i don't even know.
(title inspired by the song from Justice League)
Finally, the toilet is in sight and Tony resists the urge to moan. (He can't say the same for when he actually manages to collapse on the toilet-seat to relieve himself, but nobody needs to know that.)
He loves Pepper, don’t get him wrong, but she just… sometimes, she confused the persona Tony put in front of the camera with the real one. It’s… looking back, it’s probably another reason why they didn’t work out so great. It’s fine, though. She’s happier, he thinks, and that’s all he ever really wanted was for her to be happy. He knows that she probably will worry about him ‘til the end of his days, but that’s because she’s a worrier by nature.
"That-- that sounds perfect, actually," Steve breathes. A relieved smile covers his once tense face.
“You know… you two seem like you used to be good friends. I don’t know what mistakes he’s made, or what sins he’s held accountable for, but I do know that I’m damnably loyal to any true friends I manage to make. I can’t imagine that changes much across the universes.” Tony meets Steve’s eyes brazenly.
The look she levels Tony with feels like a punch to the gut and a balm to his aching soul all at once. He nods and clenches the arm-rests.
He then tells her about college and MIT and how he’d met Rhodey. He tells her about the bullying and the constant kidnappings, and finally… He'd thought that he'd been infertile since he'd been in his twenties, but apparently he'd been wrong about that. And he hadn't had a heat since... well. Since Yinsen, and  the doctor had told him it wasn't unusual for traumatizing events and extreme life-threatening situations to mess with an omega's hormones to such a degree that heats became... obsolete and/or unnecessary for survival.
“Well, Mr. Stark,” and that’s her business, no-nonsense tone, “why don’t you tell me all about it?”
“It is rude to be nosy, Mr. Richards.”
“You have three minutes.”
“I hated when you were in the suit all the time; hated the helmet. I thought you were a coward running away from your problems,” Steve murmurs quietly to the man he’s embracing in his arms.
“Watch me,” she snarls because she’s sick of the bureaucratic bullshit. She’s sick of being screwed over. Not ever again; she knows how the game goes now, and she is a terrible loser.
“Just ask him, Wanda,” Steve sighs out.
Tony smells coffee and looks up. It appears to be some local place, so Tony gladly steps in to order a latte. He takes a seat outside under one of the umbrella-covered tables and nurses his drink while simultaneously reconsidering all his life choices. And Stark's, because why the fuck not? If he's gonna go for broke he may as well get a much-needed nervous breakdown out of it.
the stones. The time stone, apparently was passed down to Strange coincidentally, and the reality stone he
Yeesh. Tony flinches. "Yikes. That sucks, guys, I'm sorry to hear that. How bad was it compared to Red Lake? Oh, shit -- that's right --
Natasha’s heart ached for her friend. Well, she wasn’t so sure she was lucky enough to be counted amongst the billionaire’s friends anymore, but one could hope. And even if Tony didn’t consider her to be his friend, she would always consider him to be
“I was a bully,” he whispers.
“I do not know.” This voice is deeper and more comforting in a strange way. “He is injured,” the man remarks.
“Mm… ok.”
He's in the middle of another contraction when Jacey and the others burst in. Which means he's screaming bloody murder and sobbing through the agony. Steve heads right for Tony, gripping his hand and holding Tony close to his body. His alphan pheromones automatically release to calm and soothe his laboring omega. It also means that Steve will become incredibly aggressive to anyone who threatens his vulnerable children and omega. Jacey sits on the other side of Steve and starts crooning to hopefully ease some of Tony's pain. The midwife situates herself in between Tony's legs and tries to get a feel for how dilated the cervix in his birth canal is.
on tight.
"Well," Reed shrugs, "not exactly. We... found it, and have not returned it."
He probably gaped at them for a good half hour before he saw sense and snapped his jaw shut. That, and usually the apologies took that long.
His next dream is a nightmare. It’s the one Scarlet gave him. He’s awake before Fancy Pants gets there. The man looks smug. He asks more questions. About the Avengers, about Extremis, about the arc reactor, and about JARVIS. Tony never says anything. Well, he’s sarcastic, but that’s it.
hurt my friend again, you will find out
"I can't save you," she sobs out, "
She inspects her fingernails, “Well, I don’t know. I didn’t say I would never make you one again.”
“No? I literally just made that up. Swear. Uh. What little girl? And is she in a mental institution?”
Which begs the question:
attached
Steve rolls his shoulders and looks contrite. “Yeah, I don’t know what came over me.”
The doc sighs and the contraption falls apart around Tony and sinks below the floor.
Fortunately, this seems to cause great surprise to the alien so his grip slackens and Tony falls to the floor. He holds his belly and closes his eyes shut for the next 90 seconds while he waits for the contraction to pass.
“Mostly. There was an electromagnetic interference around this area. The car kept dying, so we abandoned it a few miles out and walked to the compound. We’re only about half a kilometer away. You’ve been asleep for the other six.”
Again, thanks for all the comments, kudos, and views. It means the world to me.
is in his desk drawer where it’s going to stay until he can work up the strength to smash it with his Iron Man suit. He’s too exhausted to do that, though. He’s too exhausted to do much of anything anymore. He knows he should be in the hospital, but… he just… he can’t.
ceiling moving?"
Tony merely lets out a whine as a response, his body still shuddering.
She gives Tony a look. Her eyes are so full of grief and misery, so he stops to think for a moment. Slowly... slowly... the gears turn. "Jay, what does the word 'Thanos' mean to you?" His lips thin.
per se, but it was quite difficult not to overhear a woman with very powerful vocal cords screaming at her rogue husband when Natasha shared the room right next door. Some might say she could have left her little room and gone… elsewhere, but Natasha had always had a curious nature that Tony would probably call her a gossipping old lady for. So, naturally, she couldn’t help but choose to stay.
TBC so please subscribe or you know. just click the back button and go find a fluffy fic. that works too.
Tony eyeballs him like he's crazy. "I hate you."
“You do know what the penalty for treason is, don’t you?”
? But Tony– Tony Stark signed! They can’t use his forme–”
He’s on bed rest and the few doctors he (kinda sorta) trusts have turned his bedroom into a mini hospital. He hasn’t been to the compound in a week. He wonders if Rhodey’s noticed. He wonders if Cap still has people watching him. Probably. He’s hooked up to more things than he can possibly count. He’s got the chills and the doctors keep saying something about heart palpitations. The coughing is miserable and drains him of any energy he’s got everytime he does it. He feels like a train ran over him. God, he hates his body sometimes.
Steve tilts down his sunglasses and furrows his brows at Tony. "You were unconscious when we met," he mutters, "you shouldn't know who I am."
He wishes he could make certain for himself that Sir– that Tony– was alright, and would recover, but as it stands? Vision is worried sick.
“Rhodes, perhaps, if you called Captain Rogers and he saw Tony’s state they’d be more amenable to signing the Accords.”
"The Superhuman Registration Act," Jane responds in a grim tone after a long, awkward pause.
” Rhodey admits quietly.
“Barton,” Steve sighs.
"No," Tony says to their unspoken question, "I never saw a glowing orange stone or anything of magical origins while I was being... interrogated."
been a royal fuck up if Tony's ever had one—he and Steve had started fucking. Hate sex, at first, and then more of a casual, consistent... fling. Thing. He and Pepper had been on "off", for the moment, though they both knew it'd probably be more permanent that time around. They were right.
“Tony?” But, he always asks anyways. To make sure.
Tony chuckles and decides he needs to change the channel or he'll go nuts with worry.
“Um. Well. You’re… welcome. I guess.”
Helen still looks sad. “He gave you a concussion, you know.”
"Mm-wha'?" Is her oh-so comprehensive response.
good thing.
. Where's Red Lake?"
“I know.” It’s how the bastard managed to overwhelm him and how he– he doesn’t want to think about the shield.
Tony just shakes his head and rubs the bridge of his nose.
“Oh my God, Jacey!” Tony chuckles and the mental image is… it’s crystal clear, which only makes him laugh longer and harder.
“That’s great, Tony,” Steve beams, “congratulations.”
Jacey wakes comfortable for the first time in a very long time. Tony has nodded off beside her with the remote laying in his hand. She smooths back his hair and rubs her hand across his pregnant belly. Her heart clenches in her chest, so she pillows her head on Tony's shoulder and tries not to cry.
“Yeah. I– the nurses won’t tell me who they’re from.” And Tony sounds so petulant and whiny with his lip stuck out in a pout and everything that Helen can’t help but giggle until her sides hurt.
Jacey snickers, “Should I leave you two alone?”
Finally, Steve grits his teeth and says, lowly, “If you were faced with an impossible decision, like what signing the SHRA would mean for the supers who
Well, the engineer grins maniacally, it's about damn time.
Tony blinks owlishly at him. “Oh, sure, sure. I get buildings dropped on me everyday; walk in the park.”
She looks at all the different varieties of flowers, in a multitude of color. She’s no expert, but she is a romantic at heart, and is somewhat familiar in the language of the flowers. She doesn’t like what they’re all saying. At all.
“Yes, yes, I know. I’m an impatient horndog,” Tony rolls his eyes. “Seriously, though, that’s impressive self-control.”
Tony turns to look at his counterpart. His eyebrows shoot up to his hairline. "I was making an observation. Why would I be judging you?"
"Hey, I'm happy you're letting me up at all, Doc." He raises his hands in mock surrender. Tony swings his legs over the side of the bed and pauses to glance at her again. "What are you glad about exactly?"
"Oh my
"Mm..."
The power begins to flicker and then Squidward reappears in the doorway.
“Enough,” Tony grits out.
The brunet sighed and scrubbed his face again. He wasn’t looking forward to when the little peanut decided to start kicking up a fuss in there. He groaned, oh yeah, that was just going to be fantastic. Omegan male pregnancies were always the most difficult and the most dangerous. There were just so many problems that could arise… they could bleed out during birth, the baby could accidentally kick many wrong spots and even cause some internal damage/bleeding. Tony had read far too many horror stories about alpha babies being born from a male omega and how the baby had accidentally broken a portion of  the omega’s spine during labor. Not to mention how most pregnant male omegas had to go on bed-rest for three or four months. With Tony’s advanved age, he was certain he’d be one of the unlucky ones who had to be on bed-rest for at least five. Plus the vitamins, the pills, and the frequent doctor visits because the probability for miscarriage was so damn high in male omegas, not to mention in older male omegas.
“No. This is Helen Cho.”
“I want you to admit to yourself, or to me-- I’m not picky-- some secret. Deal?”
“They want all the superheroes to register their full names and identities, fall under the command and direction of a committee designed to keep the heroes in check and liable, and to be in the control of the government.”
The blond’s face falls a little and Tony aches inside. It really shouldn’t be this hard.
, when really he should be running the opposite direction, then what's the point?
Tony wakes up bouncing on someone’s back. He’s about to be violently ill. “Put me down,” he gasps.
“Damn, Romanoff, what’d he do to you to piss you off so bad?” Tony tries to make his tone lighter; to make the whole situation lighter. Really, to avoid this conversation in general. He can see, though, in the grim set of her mouth and the tension in her shoulders that she knows what he’s doing.
“Call the number. I can’t. I’ll just yell. But
Really, Tony thinks as their grins and infectious laughter start putting cramps in their sides, he owes her his sanity.
did Jacey send him
“I am going to break you, Stark. You vill see.”
"Yeah," Tony sighs and lifts a shoulder, "usually shootings, though. Bombings are pretty rare."
"Yeah?" The super-soldier is crying for different reasons, now.
She looks at Tony again. “‘Без рая ... без оазиса ... смерть найдет тебя’ (Bez raya ... bez oazisa ... smert' naydet tebya).” [
Jacey purses her lips. She’d told Steve yesterday, quite clearly, what would happen if he ever hurt Tony again, but… the question  is: should she tell Tony what she discovered? She sighs.
What is a superhero's favorite drink?
"You are bleeding," the alien blinks with surprise.
On the bright side: no pheromones, no alphas, no
Tony inhales sharply and rougly gets out of his seat. He doesn’t have any luggage, so he walks out of the plane and leaves Jacey behind.
“I am, of course,” Cho’s familiar accent pipes up from the door.
you see what i'm sorry for yet? no?
They all just shake their heads and look at the poor, pitiful bastard.
“Yes, Hydra, but more specifically Stern. Do you know who that is?”
worse.
“What?” He’s tensing up because he thinks she’s probably figured it out–
"I don't need your fucking judgement," Stark spits furiously. Defensively. His knuckles crack and his fists strain.
"The Mad Titan has begun to move, and he's set his eyes on Earth," Strange says solemnly.
"I'm on hold, dammit!" Jacey snaps.
Oh dear god. She hadn’t expected this
"Stark," Strange greets.
“Fury, sir,” Clint jumps up, “what are you doing here?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mm?” She turns to him with a smile, while putting a thumb down on the page of the book she’s reading.
Tony thinks sarcastically while hiding his smirk behind his palm. He raises a brow and moves his hand from his mouth to rest in his lap. “You tell me, Cap. Does that sound like something your Stark would do?”
He stays quiet. Neither of them speak for a long time. Finally, Tony sighs.
“Shit,” she says again, “shit.”
“There you are,” Cho greets when Tony walks into the kitchen sometime later.
this, but I–” Tony’s voice comes out strangled and hoarse and miserable.
“It won’t be that simple, Tony.”
"Hey, Tony. I'm back."
“Ms. Maximoff,” Tony sets the StarkPad down on his lap, “I guess Steve told you, then?”
sweetie
felt!”
Tony shuts down. His face shutters closed and his eyes go foggy. “Me, huh. Even after all this time, that’s still what you think of me? After
Jacey shakes her head.
Steve is stunned into silence. “What about Widow?”
“Spare me?” Her eyes go wide in realization and guilt, “If he had died again…I… ”
The engineer stiffens. “Soulmates are a fantasy,” he argues.
Tony flinches. “...10…” he mumbles.
"Oh, come on!" He hisses, "I just went! You babies in there," he grumbles with a pat to his large belly, "need to keep off my damn bladder."
Tony just bites his lip and tries to compartmentalize his emotions and traitorous heart– because,
“Yes, sir.”
According to the rest of his impromptu history lesson from his double, Stark has been through the ringer over the last couple of years.
“Rhodey?” Tony jumps up and rushes for his best friend. Rhodes is in a wheel-chair, but Tony just plops on his lap and sticks his nose in the crook of Rhodey's neck. Tony sighs happily and inhales as much of the comforting scent as he can.
Unease curls in Steve’s gut. He’s got a bad feeling. “Why are you drunk-calling me, Rhodes?”
Stamford? Hell, why haven’t you changed the overrides I have?
had tried to warn him of the danger and he’s been too distracted until his
, and it wrecks him.
“Shit. Shit. Okay, Tony, you were with Pepper, then, right?”
Tony gets a thoughtful look on his face. He tries wiggling his toes and commanding his brain to tell his legs to
," Tony whines. "Look, I'm a big boy, okay? I can take care of myself. I have robots and FRIDAY and-- I'm not
His… education on modern matters was going well, and he was getting a grip on himself and coming to terms with the past and all that he’d missed and been forced to leave behind. It
“...” Steve feels his face sour and go tense and angry.
Her eyes go wide and she gasps, “‘Just’? You knew? You knew… and you still…?”
After a while, he stops thinking and he stops shaking. That’s when Labcoat comes to get him, or rather puts him back in the metal cage.
She hangs up and Tony feels lighter than he has in weeks. She really is a true friend. Tony doesn’t know what he’d do without her. Probably curl up in a ball and wallow.
A reason to start over new
, considering his current predicament. God, what a mess. What a fucking mess.
of you on the grounds that you are completely, irrevocably emotionally compromised.”
what would
“I know,” Cho responds, “that you think that you can’t sign… But you almost did, didn’t you? This whole disaster could have been avoided if you’d just–” Cho sighs heavily. “Look, it’s just… Tony… Tony didn’t have a lot of choice in the matter. He
“Awesome, c’mere, kid.”
Natasha had every intention of kicking this asshole into the
FRIDAY informs him someone is at the door.
friends now, and she’s so incredibly jealous. It’s a new feeling for her.
“He has what the Koreans like to call ppalgan yeonmu, or angae, for short. A rampant over-production of testosterone and epinephrine caused him to be in a state similar to the end result of rabies in animals: madness and viciousness.”
without further adieu...
That brow furrows even deeper and Tony has to bite his lip to keep from laughing. "What can I do for you, Captain?" Tony sets his cup on the table and gives Steve his undivided attention.
There's many thing I wish I didn't do
vulnerable. Even if you greatly dislike admitting it."
“Men are so blind,” she grumbles. “You should ask Steve what he zinks, Stark, I think you’ll be surprised.”
Steve’s heart twists in his chest and he feels tears come up unbidden. Even after all this… even after… he still…
Stark sounds both astonished and disappointed. It's very confusing having himself being disappointed in, well, himself. Especially considering that that particular brand of self-loathing is locked and loaded and is just waiting for his latest fuck-up to fire.
"That... that sounds an awful lot like what Hitler did to the Jews..." Tony probes cautiously. He puts his hands behinds his back and turns toward the window. Reed's building is quite impressive, he muses.
“... it doesn’t matter. The point is that I did and I shouldn’t have.”
Bruce tells him where he's been for some three-odd years, which really, that can't be right because he's been
Jacey bites her lip and starts walking down the sidewalk. It’s a lovely park, really, even if it’s not Central Park. The trees are tall and full, the grass mowed and green, the flowers are in bloom, and it’s peaceful. Quiet.
The man smirks. “Thank you,” and suddenly Tony is encased in something dark and cold and claustrophobic.
Laura
"Mm. Strange. What'd he call 'imself... 'Sorcerer Supreme'? Has a weird glowing necklace. He's not here, though," Tony adds helpfully.
It’s an empty room they end up in. Probably for guests, if Tony had to guess, but he’s not too worried about the space as he is about the man in front of him.
“Good. Coulson is pissed, by the way, Barton, and you will be hearing from him later on.”
"Human, I will crush your larynx where I hold you and search this building from top to bottom over your cold corpse. It would be wise to answer me."
“Thank you, Richards. Alright, so we’re… in Mongolia? Right? That sounds about accurate. Okay, so where are we going?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah,” Steve winces. “Too much growth too fast is… dangerous.”
chapter title insp by the Little Big Town song of the same name. It was... oddly fitting. And actually I meant to name an earlier chapter this, but well. HA. nope.
,” she hisses. She looks directly at the camera and says, “I’ve just received notice that a government agency has broken into the Tower and is taking Tony Stark under arrest. We’ll have live footage on screen as soon as Stan arrives on scene. Stan,” she begins to ask.
"Steve... Steve and everyone else were there for a press conference," Tony whispers, his face going pale.
"Go," Tony pleads. "I'll be fine here! GO!"
as to inform him that, "We're sorry, Mr. Stark, but you can't have children. You're infertile."
"Jay. Jay," he repeats.
alright, be honest.
That can’t be right. “What do you know?” He asks, confused.
“You better. Goodbye, Captain,” she says tartly, “I have a very ill patient to attend to.”
Her eyes twinkle, and now he
Vision and the others wander over to the windows to peer outside. His eyes widen.
Tony moans when he takes a sip. “My precious… I missed you. I love you,” he strokes the cup endearingly. He freezes. Wait. This is… this is exactly the frou frou drink he used to order when– oh sweet mother of god.
Jane notices Tony's disquiet and weary manner almost right away. She tries to comfort him. It doesn't work. He trudges out of the room and into the nearest elevator. If he doesn't remove himself from the situation he's going to end up making a very embarrassing scene. He thinks Stark wouldn't like these so-called friends of his to see his double brought so... low.
“Also sadistic. I think he enjoys giving me high blood pressure,” Rhodey says from the door.
what? an update? *gasp* it couldn't be! ahhh but it is. I've only rewritten it like 50 times but no biggie. If I look at it anymore I think my head will explode. So here.
“Tony,” Black Widow reprimands, “you are not to blame for all of this.”
He sighs. “I… I… con– concede. To wha’ eve’... jus’... jus’ make me better…” Tony passes out after that. He trusts Cho.
The captain finds the request strange, but if it’ll help keep Tony awake and aware he’d do anything. “Sure, Shellhead.”
He won’t give up on making things right. Will always try and fix it because that’s the least that
The babies are fine, he breathes when air catches in his chest. That’s all he’s got to concern himself with right now. The babies. His beautiful, beautiful babies that are just fine and won’t be leaving him anytime soon. Well, sooner than he’d like because twins always were born earlier than singleton babies. Tony sighed. So, his pregnancy would likely end at about ten months, maybe 9, if the pregnancy articles he’d been reading held any weight to them. Unfortunately, that means he’s likely to go on bedrest next month or at the end of this one. It sucks. He groans and screws his eyes shut. Really, this is the last thing he’d expected to happen. Damn supersoldier serum
"Why wasn't I invited to the cuddle party?" He huffs petulantly. She snorts and guffaws some more.
“It doesn’t matter! I should’ve– Fury,” Natasha’s voice quivers, “he told me.”
he? Where are his babies? Where is... everyone?
Steve recoils like he’s been punched, and he winces. “I– I deserved that.”
To say that Tony Stark was extremely disoriented would be like telling a rancher his cow was exorbitantly heavy. A
Jacey just looks sad at the revelation. “Oh, Tony,” she breathes, “I’m so sorry.”
“Tony, what have you done?! My
Tony can't stop staring at the damn mansion. And he can't help but think about the way this world looks. To him, it's so different. The air-- it feels heavier, like something big is happening and he doesn't know what.
“About?”
That once burned out of control,
“Alright,” he groans out, “this is the worst hospitality I have ever received. I wanna talk to a manager. This hotel sucks.”
"We knew he'd come -- sooner or later," Tony chuckles derisively. "I'd hoped it'd be much, much later."
Carol raises an eyebrow in turn. “Well, why else would you, personally, Mr. Ross, ‘request’,” she raises her fingers to airquote, “to see me? Other than for my new book that tells all of NASA’s dirty secrets, hm?”
Steve blanched. “My– what? No, nevermind. Um. Yes, sir. I just– I lost control and Tony just wouldn’t… he wouldn’t
“Your scent’s been off for a few days. Thought you knew.” The man shrugs.
“What?” Steve gives the Falcon a confused look.
Rhodey shrugs. "Considering what you put me through in college, I think this is an improvement."
“That is not what I am bringing you to the conference for, Mr. Rogers,” The king stated calmly.
Tony beams, “I’m sexy and I know it!” He sings, badly.
It's Steve.
his wife goes deadly serious and her voice is a bliazzard of ice and hail,
"Reactor? Hell no! I got that thing out of me years ago-- thank God for Dr. Cho and 3D printers, am I right?"
A knock comes at the door. "Come in!" She hollers.
Their eyes all bug out.
Vision nods with a smile. "I shall depart then, Tony. I will be back soon."
“Pie?” Another visitor pipes up. It’s Richards. Huh, Tony thinks, how odd. “You make pie?”
, but nothing happens. "That's gonna be a hard nope, Barton."
The polite smile instantly drops off her face and she’s immediately on guard. “The hell’re you talkin’ about?”
"I'm sorry, what year did you say it was where you're from again?" Reed speaks up.
Steve flinches a little. “I… I don’t have any. Not– not of the romantic variety, at least. I just wanted… he spends a lot of time dealing with people who hate him. I thought it’d be… I don’t know. I thought it would cheer him up a bit. To see that not everyone hates him. I never planned on telling him who they were from.” He puts a hand on his neck and lowers his eyes to the floor.
He fucking hates magic.
“You haven’t recently?” The gel is cold when he rubs it in, but Tony is calm; his nerves quiet. It’s a nice reprieve.
Her face scrunches up into an equally befuddling expression, and Tony finds himself waiting for her to say something.
“Whoa… what’s all this about?” Rhodes looks extremely confused and a little disturbed by Tony’s clingy behavior.
The door suddenly swings open and Tony is leaning out looking around with surprised and wary eyes all at once. “Fri, what do you mean Steve is--”
“... ‘s got ‘lot… on ‘is mind… don’ nee’ t’ worry… ‘bout lil ol’ me…”
The contraption closes over him again. His stomach rumbles before he passes out.
Tony tries to keep himself from crying. “Not… not at that. At… at the alpha,” he mumbles.
“Former team? Against him? They have. They are. I bet you didn’t know that the stocks for Stark Industries are plummeting, the company is being forced to do budget cuts, accept low-profit deals, lay off staff, and– Pepper Potts, the CEO, is being hounded by the board to fire and cut all ties with the current head of the R&D department of SI. I bet you can guess who the head of that department is, Steve.” Cho doesn’t mince her words. Tony’s team has been blinded for too long to everything that he does for them. Helen will not stand for it any longer. She won’t.
“You know,” Natasha begins, “T’Challa is rallying all of his warriors and anyone fighting fit. The… others… are going to assemble to give Wakanda a hand. T’Challa is really grateful for your warning. Without you, he wouldn’t have known until it was too late. The pirates, looters, and whoever else is attacking are being driven away from the coast as we speak. We couldn’t have done it without you, Tony.” She gives him a pat on the shoulder and looks away awkwardly.
Rogers’ face twists into one of pure unadulterated rage. Tony’s body goes absolutely still. He doesn’t flinch.
"Mm," Strange shakes his head, "that's not going to happen."
Tony is about to get snarky with that when he hears something very much like glass breaking. He looks up and towards the windows just in time to see a whole bunch of people dressed in all black and gear. They have guns. "What..?"
“Uh, no. Some girl I met in the 90s has all that stuff. Or had. Come to think of it, did she die?”
Tony spends a week in that infirmary where the doctors did their best to get his pneumonia flare-up under control. They also do a few ultrasounds to check on the baby, though the doctor had surprised him by telling him that it wasn’t just one baby in there.
“Kill him?” Fury scoffs. “Please. Tony probably would have beat the shit out of him, sure, but
first off: THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR BEING SO INCREDIBLY PATIENT! I LOVEEEEE LOVE LOVE YOU ALL TO DEATH
Steve gets that look of resolve and determination in his eyes that makes him a leader. “Yes, sir.”
“But how did you guys… like… get to know each other?” Tony insists.
“Something about damage control, it doesn’t matter. I’m worried that he’s going to make good on his threats.”
and what he did, but what I wanted him to be… what he was supposed to be? I don’t regret that. I won’t try it again, because I don’t trust myself to not screw it up, but I made Vision, right? That’s gotta count for something. Mostly… Mostly I regret not being able to save the people below. I thought… I thought they’d all been evacuated. I was wrong. If I could do it all over again… I’d do things differently. Try to save more people, stay after and help, and… oh… right… I haven’t… I forgot to tell Wanda…” Tony’s barely staying awake, though, so Helen starts to hum. She hopes he doesn’t dream.
It's warm today, but not oppressively hot for a July afternoon in New York City. It's just past the lunch rush, so there's fewer people clogging the sidewalks. The fashion looks like it flew in from the 2000s, which given the year, isn't all that inaccurate. Tony chuckles to himself. The billboards are showing both things he hasn't seen before and things that are long in the past. It's... distracting.
The man spreads his hands. "I don't need one."
Tony grabs her arm and mumbles, “...’bout…’tro...tell her… Pietro…” He drifts off and Helen wonders what on Earth he’s talking about. She’ll ask him later.
"Do you know any other Caps?" Barton cocks an eyebrow and chuckles a little.
"You liberated demi-gods of their nice pretty blue cube? Really?"
Steve folds his hands and looks down; his expression odd. “I don’t remember the last time I saw Tony laugh,” he murmurs.
,” she says with a flair of drama, “I tell him that if he wanted to buy me coffee that badly all he had to do was ask.” She gets a thoughtful look on her face, “I should mention that being salty to strangers is an extremely unusual practice for me.”
“They’re sending him to G-”
“They wanted him to build a Jericho, Fury, did you know that they drowned him while he had to hold a car battery to his chest? Because he was half-dead from shrapnel and open heart surgery with no sedatives or anaesthesia. Fury,” Natasha’s voice sounds close to a sob, “he was
“Yes, I should.” Her voice is adamant and steady and Tony thinks she means it. He really needs to stop trusting people.
Drunk? He hasn't been drunk in nearly ten years. Not since the whole palladium poisoning fiasco on his birthday.
Tony gets off his friend's lap and looks sheepish. "Sorry."
Tony tenses and knows he’s probably got a deer-in-the-headlights look, and his heart starts speeding up because
Tony Stark was standing right in front of him and, for a moment, despite seeing it with his own two eyes, he really couldn’t believe it.
“Oh my god, if you can make a lemon meringue I just became your biggest fan.”
wanna find me on tumblr? (if you still use it post-purge, that is.) I'm SpiritedObsession. Feel free to message me :)
What'd you think?
“It… it was an ula kui bond.”
“Rhodey-pie!” Tony brightens, “Listen to this, Jacey was basically saying she’d withhold my blueberry pie rights!”
"'Cured' is a bit of stretch," Tony shrugs, "but if you mean she doesn't glow as a threat of an impending explosion, then yes."
Jacey snorts, but she lets him keep his silly delusions.
"Human," Squidward hisses, "where are the stones?"
Tony's jaw drops.
before you became a Capsicle, but it’s creepy that you just quoted a red-haired singing mermaid without ever seeing the movie,” Tony interrupts, bewildered.
Tony narrows his eyes. "Where on Earth did you
Should be fun.
“Tony, I don’t want to hear it. Tell me his name and I’ll––”
She started noticing the flowers–no, bouquets–that showed up in Tony’s hospital room the first week there’d been more than two bouquets in there at the same time. Then, she researched the flower language and began to heavily suspect Tony’s anonymous sender. Some flowers were asking for forgiveness, other were to get well, and some said that Tony was cherished or precious.
"It's barely
, Captain, all because you refused to play ball and listen to a word he said.”
“It’s not my fault,” He chokes out in a half-sob.
She swallows down the lump in her throat and tries to make her voice not shake. She purses her lips and holds his hands. Her face is an agonized grimace and her tongue tastes like chalk as she says, "They'll make it." That he won't is heavily implied.
“Richards is,” Strange murmurs.
already––and he remembers… Cho. Oh. He blinks awake, sees the IV drip, cringes, and looks for a friendly face. He hates hospitals.
Eventually, he confesses to Steve what the babies' names will be. He almost expects a fight... except... Steve is tearing up and
Tony stills and goes incredibly white in the face. "Cap. Cap as in Captain-America-Cap?"
Steve knows that’s as good an admission as any.
“You’ll regret it,” he meets her eyes and silently pleads for her to tell him otherwise. For it not to be true for once. “Everyone always does.”
saying. I want you to listen for what he
Cho is usually a very collected, even-keeled person. But, she can be manipulative too. “You would have if it’d been Barnes asking.”
The supersoldier freezes and turns to look at her. He’s almost standing at attention, as if she was a military commander. It’s funny.
"Tony?"
Tony for letting him be apart of the babies' lives at all. For confiding in him. For telling him.
“Well, yeah, obviously.” Tony could pat the kid on the back for that. Tony feels relief wash over him and he drifts off to sleep with more hope than he’s had in a long time.
“...For what, Steve…?” He whispers tiredly and scrubs a hand down his face.
“Laura, darling, I’m sorry, babe, alright? I know I should have told you–”
“And he promised.”
“You don’t know what he’s done.” Rogers keeps insisting over and over.
“You aren’t supposed to be asleep.”
Natasha and Steve just so happened to hear the whole exchange. She feels miserable and left out and sad. Tony’s got
you can be discharged.”
“His condition is critical,” she says softly, “I recommend you hurry.” Cho hangs up the phone and gets to work doing what she can. She gives him the highest, strongest dose of antibiotics she’s got and gives him more morphine and a sedative, so he doesn’t wake up. She’s got a chest tube hooked to him about an hour later. She’s about to set to work on the sepsis with vasopressers and insulin, since they’ve already gotten him on an IV, oxygen, and antibiotics. She’s hoping the vasopressers will stabilize his low blood pressure, but unless the sepsis doesn’t lessen in its intensity in the next hour, she’s going to have to do surgery. For now, she’s done all she can. Later, she’ll have Tony use an inhaler to help with his airways.
Mostly, though, Steve becomes unhealthily obsessed with finding Tony. The engineer has been gone for so long now, and the supersoldier shudders to think what the kidnappers might have done to him to get Tony to cooperate. He needs to… he needs to see Tony with his own eyes, and to make amends for the way he treated his potential mate. Steve had always thought that he would wind up with an omega, but he wasn’t about to lie to himelf by saying that he wasn’t interested in Tony, or wouldn’t want him for a mate simply because he was a beta. Saying such things in this day and age, Steve had discovered, was similar to mistreating a lady in the forties. It simply wasn’t done.
“So, Mr. Ross, what can little ol’ me do for you? Surely the Secretary of Defense has better things to do with his time than question women about their most recent accomplishments?”
“Lies,” he mutters, “you don’t even have a Twitter.”
Barton is gawping at him.
Tony chokes a little when the alien squeezes his windpipe too hard. Didn't Strange have them last? Why are they asking him?
Ross sighs, "Shut up, Stark."
“Stop,” Tony whispers. He squeezes his eyes shut. He doesn’t want to talk about this anymore.
“Steve, in the conference room,” Tony rambles, “I– when I kissed you–” He’d just wanted to kiss him one last time; had just wanted to feel his warmth and arms wrapped around him just one last time. He didn’t expect–
Steve gulps. “
About who's wrong or right
Tony’s eyes tear up because he should’ve known that she’d know. Of all the people in his life, Jacey has by far been the most understanding. It’s just, well, he’s been really insecure lately. From the Civil War and from people telling him he’s all these kinds of things. And… Pepper. Pepper would’ve assumed that Tony wouldn’t have wanted to do those classes at all. That she’d have to force him to go because he thought they were unimportant.
"Sta-- Tony, everyone was quite clear in their wishes for at least one Avenger to remain by your side. I cannot, in good conscience, run to help them when you are in need of protection as well."
Rhodey lifts a shoulder and rolls his eyes. “Sure, Tony.”
I'm all that's left of two hearts on fire,
The man, however, looks thoroughly unimpressed. “No audience,” he says, “just me.”
Cho rolls her eyes and sighs. “I’m not a physician, Stark…”
I don't wanna forget the smell of your skin
“That’s–” Steve hunches in on himself, clearly ashamed. “Those were extenuating circumstances. What happened… it wasn’t… I didn’t mean for it to go so far. I was reacting and not thinking, and if I could take it all back? I would. But… I can’t, so I have to live with my mistakes and try and make it up to Tony the best I know how.”
It isn’t until he’s telling Cho all this that he realized there’d only been one person who could have known. He almost wishes he could kill Stane all over again. Oh, right, the glasses. Another time.
He isn't ready. But he'll gladly give all of himself if it meant they'd be alright. They're his end and his beginning, but that's fine because all he is loves his two babies unconditionally. He tells himself that it's not enough, and that they'll be taken care of.
If anyone would like me to go more in-depth/detail about my particular A/B/O verse I will post an explanatory prologue. The only thing I need you to know is that there is no discrimination against omegas-- omegas (everyone) get same opportunity/pay/rights/etc as everyone else. Hooray for equality!
“Nothing much at this point. There’s going to be severe repercussions for Tony that he
"Oh," he gasps.
(It's still him. Obviously.)
1 Week Ago
. On my personal cellphone. She yelled at me, Barton. I hadn’t even known what the
Why does he try so
Tony blinks and swallows his fear and panic, “Well, I’d say that you’re full of original ideas.”
And so I have to say before I go
“Rhodey… I don’t… you’ll just get mad.”
“You worried Strange quite a bit,” Richards tilts his head like he’s considering the reasons why.
"Tony," he murmurs.
Steve doesn’t want to run Tony off. He tries to keep his face calm and his body lax. Knows that the man is probably still... scared of him--has every right to be--but God how that poignant knowledge is
” Rhodey growls. “
TW: fluff.
Stark's jaw drops. "
God. He should stop thinking about this. All it does is hurt him. His therapist would say that he’s avoiding his problems and his issues; that he’s running away. She’s not wrong, of course, she never is. She’s a lot like Pepper in that regard, and it’s probably why he likes her so much. Jacey… Jacey was kind and thoughtful and understanding. If it weren’t for her, he’d probably still be having night terrors and still be suffering in silence. In all honesty, she’s probably the best friend he has. Sure, there’s Rhodey and Helen… but he can’t talk to them about a lot of things. He tells Jacey everything. He knows that she goes out of her way to accommodate him, and that she does things not necessarily in a strictly professional sense, like she should, but instead she focuses on his emotional state and his well-being. She even gave him her personal cell phone number in case he needed someone to talk to. He memorized the number even though he can’t memorize his own social security number.
"Fuck you, man!"
Jacey's eyes narrow. "Did you just quote a song at me?"
Steve gapes again.
“No? What’d you expect me to do?” Tony smirks, “Panic?”
“He didn’t tell me he wanted to die,” Tony says, “and he did. For me. ‘
“I couldn’t figure it out before, you know, ‘cause you barely have an accent anymore––hah, English, am I right?”
never fails to turn him on. It's a damn good thing they can't smell him, he muses, a
“And,” she glares, “I want you to
it Red Lake?"
So she does. She wouldn’t say she confronts him because she doesn’t, not really. She does kind of just… appear, though, which startles Tony from where he’s tapping away at his StarkPad in the hospital bed.
He isn’t sure if it’s the desperation or agony in his voice, but hers goes ice cold and flat, “
Rogers’s frowns and wrinkles his forehead. “You sound like Tony.”
She doesn’t get to ask him later.
Happy Halloween! Y'all stay safe and I love each and every one of you who has subbed, kudo-ed, commented, bookmarked, read, etc! You make my DAY!
"That's what I had to do in my world, at least. The government wanted full control of the Avengers-- everything publicly-controlled, but I came up with something we could all live with. Hopefully. Maybe. At least with the Accords we could have 'one hand on the wheel'," Tony smiles ruefully at Natasha's painful reminder.
Oh. Right. Oh, well, cat’s outta the bag. “Yeah. A boy and a girl.”
“She sounds too good to be true. Psychiatrists don’t care about the patients, they just wanna make money by prescribing drugs.” Reed mutters as if he’s speaking from experience.
"Jay?" He's concerned because he's never seen her breakdown like this.
“And no heats, voluntary or not.”
So their worlds aren't so very different after all, are they? How utterly disappointing.
"So you can't walk, is what you're saying?" Barton looks extremely concerned.
“Hydra,” Scott chirps, “don’t cha just love how they never seem to die?”
on," the Captain says shockingly aggressively.
He closes his eyes. When had things changed? That Steve... That Steve would be able to shuck everything they'd been together aside... he doesn't understand. Sure, they hadn't been the best of pals, but they'd known each other for a few years and, about a year ago, during the whole Ultron fiasco—and, man, hadn't
Steve goes silent again. “
"Come in," Tony responds from within.
“We vill see how you like the heat, da? Maybe won’t sleep quite so well this time,” the man cackles and walks away.
They shouldn’t have, and Steve can’t-- won’t deal with that information right now.
"Tracked
“Oh, Tony. Did you know you have Ella’s Syndrome?”
Tony growls to his brain,
"... Jay...?"
would know, and I had this guy verify he was, well,
“I just– Clint suggested that we try to… talk things through.”
Hope you enjoyed!! Remember to subscribe! More is on its way! (I seem to have lots of feelings to work through after Civil War sweet baby panda Infinity War is going to wreck me to pieces i just know it. there's not even a trailer out yet but guys THINK OF THE FORESHADOWING oh dear Odin the angst)
Then, Rhodes lifts his nose in the air as if he smells something. His eyes boggle. “Holy shit! Tony! Are you– are you
(See the end of the chapter for
"Right, of course. Do you mind if I..." Steve gestures at all of him.
“Steve–”
"We're supposed to be at a press conference! To-- to make all this shit better! Supposedly! At least that's what
somewhat sorry for the crack-y feel, but not really.
"Oh, 'last minute,' he says," Rhodey snorts, "Last minute." The airman stalks over to the two and squeezes in next to Tony.
Before Jacey can respond, the pilot’s voice says that they will now begin landing, and that they are slightly ahead of schedule.
The midwife nods somberly. "Probably. Jacey, please dial 911 and request for an air evac to be sent immediately. A helicopter is looking to be our only choice. Steve, I'm gonna need you to fill up that sink with boiling water okay, and we need towels. Lots and lots of towels."
"You are not weak," Vision agrees amenably, "however at this current point in time you
not allowed to interfere. Not until after. So, have Strange with you and Steve-- and it might--" Her voice cuts off. She can't tell him more.
"Oh. Ok. Um. I think I would like to see Reed now, please." Tony slouches and is suddenly very tired.
“What’s this I hear about blueberry pie and blackmail?” Rhodes asks as he leans against the door.
“Why not?”
“Scans indicate that it’s Everett Ross, Boss.”
He's horribly disguised, just like Tony, but while Tony realizes their faces are eerily dissimilar, Tony knows who this is right off the bat.
“I’m leaving now, Mr. Ross, goodbye.”
.” Fury takes a long, deep breath to calm himself down. “What I want to know is why the five of you acted like fucking
Tony is panicking. If Rhodey could smell him than these guys will be able to eventually. He can't have that. He turns to look at Cho with wild eyes and shaking hands. "Cho," he starts, "blockers–"
tell him that it's not who he thinks it is.
Her body tenses like she's expecting a hit.
Damn it.
… The camera zooms in time for them to see Rhodes roll out in his wheelchair and then bury his face in his hands.
“Do it, Dr. Richards.” Strange’s tone brokers no arguments.
“Rhodey…”
Until Ross brings her in and she sees the red… man with a cape. How is this her life, again?
The kid does and Tony proceeds to hurl in a ditch. “You okay?” Oh yeah. He was… rescued? This guy is the soothingly strange one. “Just. Fine.” He hurls again.
“Tony–”
“No,” she laughs, “trust me. It’ll be good.”
“Please,” Tony rolls his eyes, “what could he possibly accuse me of that would grant him a warrant?”
"Russia? No... I, I probably would've been in Asgard around then."
Tony. Are you?"
“Hah! You let your accent slip! Hah! I knew it was Russian.”
(p.p.s i put brackets around the text messages because i like things neat and orderly AND DISTINCTIVE in my writing it's gotta be special and stand out ok. don't judge me.)
Natasha is just as powerless to help him.
Stephen Strange and Reed Richards come up on the elevator and the doors open to reveal the two men covered in dirt, blood, and general grime. Their faces are haggard and they're hauling around a heavy looking metal suitcase. Tony's eyebrow quickly flies up. He blinks and nods his head toward the direction of the bathroom.
Steve drops by every other day for Tony’s coffee run and does some of the house chores while he’s there.
Steve gapes at him. His perfect baby blues wide and surprised.
*peaks over wall* so... uh... so what'd you think? *ducks incoming projectile items* okay. so. just. if it's any consolation I ripped my own heart out too, so. um, at least it was long?
“Off?” Steve echoes. “Off how?”
Like the rest of it, he’s not very successful.
Tony’s a futurist, so his thoughts drift to him forgiving the Avengers, and isn’t that a kicker because that feeling–knowing how easily he’d forgive them–sends a bitter, sour emotion racing through his veins that he can’t even begin to describe. He huffs out a pathetic breath of a laugh that sounds more like a wheeze. He knows that the only way this all would’ve turned out is with Tony forgiving them. He would’ve let them all back in eventually, let them live in the Tower he’d built just for them, and let them take over the Common Room and drag him away from his workshop so they could watch everything from Fight Club to the Princess Bride, and he wants that in a way. He wants to be able to forgive them and to make this all go away, but he can’t. Not yet.
He’d think of how much he misses them all, but down that path lies darkness and sadness and nightmares. He’d rather not think of the metaphorical limb they tore off. He especially doesn’t want to think about Steve.
“Oh? That’s strange.” The room breaks out into hysterical laughter.
something
kill you and your children right where you stand. Do not test me!"
“Damn. Tough crowd, huh?”
He knows where Bruce is. He’s been in discrete contact with him, so he knows that Bruce could have come back at any time, but he didn’t. Tony knows why he didn’t do that too. Tony knows a lot of things actually. He knows that Bucky is innocent, he knows that Rogers was right about the Accords, he knows where the team is, he knows that Laura is pissed at Clint (she called Tony), and he knows that the Vision isn’t JARVIS. He knows all of that. He does, but it’s still not easy.
me, but I couldn’t--” Tony outright
things.
He blinks awake–aware (semantics)–to some alarm going off. He’s still on that damnable chair, but he’s not on the tiny island. He’s also tipped on to his side and something that feels an awful lot like hope curls in his chest. He tries to squash it down. He’s so weak and exhausted, though, he doesn’t think he’d manage to break the bonds anyways. His eyes slip back closed.
She cocks her head, eyes questioning and searching his soul. Her looks are often perceptive in this manner. For a moment, her eyes soften and glisten and he thinks she might have figured it out.
“Colonel Rhodes?”
Damn. She did notice. “Nope,” he pops the ‘p’, “this is definitely not–”
“Why were you guys in the Hydra cell?”
did Asgard manage to get a hold of not only one of the gauntlets, but three of the infinity stones, too? Just what was Odin up to, and why didn't Thor say anything about it?
"It's destroying the city," Strange comments woefully.
“This person does not let you, ah, exercise?” Wanda tilts her head.
"An earthquake? Now? Seriously?" The midwife hisses.
“T’Challa,” Steve began as they hustled through the hallways and to an elevator, “has something happened? I wasn’t informed of a debriefing. Doctor Cha’na was supposed to tell you that all the Avengers would get a 24-hour respite after another failed mission. I believe she hoped it would help keep morale from falling.”
"Why is the floor
Strange's face twists into something Tony can only describe as amusing.
“Hm.” Strange raises an eyebrow.
"Nature, Luck, Freedom, Justice, and Victory were all pictured as women. I've always wondered why they pictured Time as a man. Tony... I'm what some may call a 'Seer'. I See futures, realities, pasts, outcomes, causes and effects. You, as a futurist, should understand best what it is that I mean."
“I know,” she whispers, “that it is not Ms. Potts’s because she is not male, nor is she an alpha. As far as I can see, there is only one alpha male on the Avengers team that you were in consistent contact with. You and I both know who that was.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You smell so good, Rhodey-bear… and I’ve been married to the damn porcelain throne for the last three days, and I just… alphan scents comfort me.”
"Thanos," Bruce replies with some distress.
Cho pushes a bowl in front of him. “Porridge?” He asks.
Tony wakes in more pain than usual, but he’d almost rather take that over the morning sickness– speaking of which, it seems like Peanut has spared him the usual bout today. Tony will count that as a win.
It takes him a long time to regulate his breathing and bring his heart rate back down to normal, not-panicky, levels.
“I’m not going to beg, Steve,” he finally said. “I know I treated you like shit, even when you continuously treated me with respect. Give me a chance to show you I’m a better person than what you’ve seen these past four days.”
Thankfully, the tracker signals from Lucy and from Bond’s watch popped up on top of each other.
Steve turned to frown at where Tony was already bent over at the computer to plug in a thumb drive. “That’s your big plan? Fishing? Tony, who’s to say he even has a safe?”
“Ahead of schedule, that’s all,” Steve promised. “Peggy will have prepared a statement, it will be fine. The premiere’s going to be crazy, though,” he added as the immediate consequences started to come to him.
“Don’t be gross,” Clint whined in complaint, “or I’ll tell Steve about that time
The fist came out of nowhere. With a resounding
“Sweetheart, hang on a second—breathe,” Steve said with a quiet laugh, pressing a soft kiss to the back of Tony’s hand. He gave Tony a few seconds to regroup before explaining himself. “Is it so hard to imagine I feel the same? I might not have as much as you, but… my tuition is covered, and I paid my bills. After that, you, our time together, that’s what I want to spend my money on, too. And if you argue with me about my spending,” Steve added when Tony open his mouth again, “then I’ll start arguing with you about yours.”
“I’ve been working on this for fifteen hours straight, and it’s all my writing. You think I’d expect you to solve it in one night after a day of work?” Tony drawled in reply, though if Steve wasn’t completely seeing all this through a self-insert fanfic lens, he heard a hint of playfulness in Tony’s tone. “I’ll give you my notes, you’ll have everything you need to recreate this …masterpiece shitstorm tomorrow.”
“First of all, it is
Steve sucked in a sudden breath and went absolutely tense. He abandoned his position, needing to clutch the pillow he’d been biting into out of sheer ecstacy only seconds ago, but Tony pressed on, slowly rubbing a gentle palm over Steve’s lower back and whispering affectionate encouragement.
Steve chased Tony’s lips for more, so rather than waste time, Tony peeled one of Steve’s hands off his hips and guided it to his ass.
Next to them, Mr. Perfect was looking anywhere but at Tony or the butt plug. If anyone could telegraph actively trying to become invisible, it was this guy.
For a moment, a little frown of confusion creased Steve’s brow, but he quickly understood. He pressed a soft kiss to the bridge of Tony’s nose and released the possessive grip of his thigh.
Steve stuffed three fingers into Tony’s mouth to silence and distract him, gripped Tony’s hip with his free hand, and with no other warning, he thrust his cock into Tony’s ass.
His acceptance came so easily Steve didn’t see it coming. He ducked his head before Tony caught him looking like spellbound schoolboy on his first date and focused on stabbing his lukewarm broccoli instead.
Steve blinked him for a moment in surprise. Slowly, he dared to believe that Tony meant it. He took Tony’s hand gently in his, and with great care he finally slid the gold band onto the finger it had been made for so many years ago.
“Hey, babe,” Tony said after a beat, still processing what he was seeing. “What, uh. What’re you doing here?”
“Maybe? I’d rather plan a memorable date than a memorable outfit,” Steve admitted absently as he shaded in the gentle arch of Tony’s exposed foot. “Pretty sure Tony’s happy as long as he can get me out of it without scissors.”
All except Tony, of course, who cut a clear path through the bullpen to the conference room and stood on the threshold to announce himself with a loud knock on the open door.
“Now that’s not fair! That’s—there’s a lot of positions to learn in yoga,” Tony said in Colin’s defense, “you’re asking a lot of a man, Graham. You ask an average guy to do Chaturanga Dandasana, dollars to donuts, he won’t have a clue what you mean. But Colin knows.”
“Rogers, let me in!”
“Whatever, give it to me,” Tony said in sprinting words and placed his left hand in Steve’s. “I want it, Steve.”
Steve reached into his uniform jacket and pulled out the Beretta he had kept since the museum visit. He chambered the weapon without looking away from Pierce on the VideoGram.
Steve was sitting on his couch in pajamas with a heating pad tucked behind his lower back for comfort while he read the sports pages he hadn’t had time for that morning. He looked up at Bucky with a question clear in his expression, since Bucky had no reason to walk into his apartment after hours.
Ean came to a stop before the Mayor and held out his arms for his attendants. He never looked away from the Mayor as two priestesses stepped forward to slowly, and with great care, peel away the gauzy red veil draped across the chief priest’s broad shoulders. Every turn of fabric revealed inches of smooth, unblemished skin, untouched by hardship or toil. The audience observed in reverent silence, but the Mayor, who never before had been so close to Brigid’s chosen sacrifice, watched with his heart caught in his throat as the chief priest was stripped by the attendants right before his eyes.
Steve’s strong arms drew Tony closer to his chest, shielding him from everyone and everything clawing at him for attention or money. Sitting in Steve’s lap was the first moment of peace Tony had felt all day. In every other part of his life, Tony was the one who shouldered the responsibility of creating a better tomorrow. At every turn, he was the one people depended on -
Steve stood and took the remote from Bucky to mute the commentary. “What is the nearest foreign airport to Lumine?”
“And… dad knows?”
No adrenaline rush was worth the loss of human life. No fulfilling car chase would ever restore Jane’s sense of security. Tony regretted every rotten word he’d ever said against the peaceful slumber of their serene civilization.
“Wasn’t him,” Tony remembered with a smile. “I was dating this Colombian girl at the time, Magdalena, she was a dancer. I’m talking professional, tours around the world, lives in Mexico City. She hadn’t really been confident in her English at first either, but she told me she would never have seen the world or met the people she loved if she hadn’t tried anyway. She encouraged me to take that first meeting, and Sam Mendes was there. I didn’t know why a director would be part of hiring a role as small as mine, but the way he talked about the Secret Empire, about his vision for my part in it… he was so sure, I didn’t feel like I had to worry.”
With a big yawn and barely aware of what he was saying, Tony stumbled to his feet and blindly made his way to his closet. The routine was old and familiar, and half asleep, Tony pulled on his sweats and shuffled to the door without tripping or staggering into furniture.
So much had changed in two weeks, it was too much too soon—
It could have been a chance to grow closer, to bond through their shared trauma of those forty fearful minutes. Instead, Steve took it as a wake-up call. The consequences of their behavior had quickly become clear, and while Tony maintained that his time shared with Steve was worth the risk of occasional opportunists, Steve couldn’t take it anymore. He could not be the reason why the team protecting Tony didn’t immediately treat his disappearance as an urgent concern.
Silence filled the room, until a senior Lieutenant dared to speak up. “With all due respect, Chief Director Nicholas Fury, Brock Rumlow has completed a dozen unsanctioned life terminations in less than 60 minutes. Does this truly fall to us? We’re police officers, we are not trained to handle this kind of violence.”
” Tony insisted. “You heard M’Baku, if they took him out of the ice he would’ve died within minutes.”
As a courtesy to her betrothed, Stephanie considered the Chief’s suggestion. “Not by force,” Stephanie eventually decided. “I will ask; if they agree to make me with a daughter, then so be it.”
“Thirty something? Mid thirties?” Steve recalled, which reminded him of the good news. “Tony also fixed you arm and he and Bruce finally found a way to put you under for the surgery—”
“Doesn’t give me hives,” Steve interrupted him to say. Tony clicked his mouth shut, and he even held his breath to give Steve absolute silence to encourage him to continue sharing. Color rose in Steve’s cheeks and up the back of his neck, until finally he glanced away and mumbled, “And maybe… maybe it’s alright.”
Tony raised his brows and pursed his lips in a smile of casual acceptance. “Were his recommendations good?”
Carter was standing behind her desk waiting for them when they walked in. “Rogers, any updates? We could use some good news.”
“Steven Grant Rogers. Is that how you speak to your own mother?” she complained before Steve managed to hang up, and really, he should have just done it anyway. He should hang up on her right now, before she started her trademark guilt trip—or worse: before she started to cry.
Even with his back turned, Steve could practically feel Tony rolling his eyes as he muttered, “But can you find it?”
Tony glared at the other man and shoved himself up to his feet. He had better things to do than listening to a back-stabbing friend.
“Good, that’s good,” Thor seconded, “too big of a risk, an’ we’re on deadline. I mean, how’d you even know you’ll get good stuff?”
What looked like beautiful, glazed porcelain on the outside felt like putty to the touch and smelled distinctly of motor oil.
“Oh,” he breathed, stunned.
Tony had learned not to move no matter how badly he wanted to turn and face Steve. On nights he woke Steve from his nightmares, Tony had learned that Steve often slept badly, or still remembered the episode when he woke. So he practiced patience. He wouldn’t touch Steve’s grasping hand first, but he would gently caress his arm, smoothing a hand over Steve’s firm bicep and the corded muscles of his forearm. It took time, but the warmer he managed to make Steve feel, the more of that unwanted tension seeped away. When finally Steve’s bicep relaxed under Tony’s cheek, and his hand lay limp with sleep over Tony’s lower back, Tony reached back to cover Steve’s hand with his, lacing their fingers together. Without letting go, Tony slowly slid their joined hands under his pajamas and underwear to guide Steve to softly cup and squeeze his bare ass. Unconventional or not, the bare touch of Tony’s ass was so familiar and intimate that wherever Steve had been in his dreams, he still returned to cherished, loving memories.
Tony pursed his lips and thought it over. This was Steve’s first trip out of the country, and while he knew that Steve would only ever be happy for him, the last thing Tony wanted to do was rub his privilege in Steve’s face.
Tony didn’t care how long Steve fucked him so long as he never stopped. An eternity passed in heartbeats, and Tony basked in the bone-deep pleasure of Steve’s four slippery fingers pumping and twisting into his body, filling him for what felt both like months and seconds.
“Steve, no,” Tony promised, relaxing further into Steve’s lap so he wasn’t looking down on him anymore. Face to face, Tony brushed a kiss over his lips before pressing his forehead to Steve’s. “Your friendship isn’t worth risking for sex.”
With luck on their side, Tony was back in his own bed within the hour with no worse injuries than a bad bump on his head where he’d been struck in the initial attack. Steve kept his promise to stay in his little two-bedroom apartment until Bucky returned, but from the moment Rhodes allowed Tony some privacy, they were on the phone with each other again, each desperate for the comfort of the other.
Steve rolled his eyes, but despite himself, he found himself fighting back a laugh. Jane remained silent for the most part after that, allowing the barber to finish his work and only chiming in with a comforting word or two when she noticed Steve trying to catch a glance through the mirror.
“Fun fact: the US embassy in London is the only embassy in a rented building. Apparently, the family who owns the building housing the US embassy owned a shitton of land in New York before the Revolutionary War. They later agreed to sell the US embassy back to the American government if their American properties were returned to them. So like, half of Times Square and big chunks of Manhattan. Obviously that’s a no, so instead they rent the space out for an annual charge of one pound.”
“Captain Steven G. Rogers—”
“Steve Rogers, I have never known a strength as gentle as yours, or a heart so kind. I love you, Steve,” Tony told him, doing his best to give every word its due time even as he hurried to finish before Pepper was alerted. “When I dare visit the truth, I dread any future without you beside me. Others pale in comparison to you, your unwavering commitment and morality, and this—this hypothetical we can bring to life, I think it is possible. For ourselves and for our people, my love, let us try. Will you marry me?”
“You probably should,” Bruce agreed, and Tony stretched to swat his arm. Bruce winced and momentarily stuck his bottom lip out. “Alright, I’m out. Meet back here at seven?”
“This is
“I tried to resist touching myself until your return. Until it was you… your body, your strong hands,” Tony confessed with a guttural grunt of pleasure, and instinctively Steve salivated with the knowledge that Tony must have given his cock a firm squeeze. “I dreamed… my love, I dreamed of our honeymoon. On the ocean, with no audience but the stars…”
There, they found Clint digging into the pumpkin pie alone in the kitchen. He wasn’t even using a plate, he was just digging into the pie directly with a spoon.
Steve grunted into the phone in a way he hoped conveyed ‘no.’
Steve scrubbed a hand over his face and slowly shook his head to himself. Jane seemed about as eager to continue the conversation as he did, so the rest of the short drive passed in silence. It wasn’t until Jane pulled the car into a small lot and parked that she spoke again.
New phone who dis?
“He really was outstanding in
“It’s set in London, right? And Agent Oh, the new Zed, is played by Emma Thompson. The part is for the son she left behind with her American husband to help save the world with the MIB,” he told Tony in a low whisper, “he returns to England to track down what happened to his mother, and his leads take him right into the MIB agents’ case.”
“I…” he started to say, but no words seemed to follow. He reminded himself of Jane’s advice, and as politely as he could, he stuck to the truth. “I’m afraid nothing caught my eye. Would it be possible to order off the menu?”
Everything was going fine until one unassuming Friday morning in October when the winter was starting to make itself known. Steve walked out of lecture and right into a throng of buzzing classmates crowding in the hallway.
Except, it wasn’t.
Steve blushed and looked down at the big silver S on his chest again, as if a man with a body so perfect had any right to be shy about it. “I think he said he liked the costume?”
If he hadn’t expected Steve’s confidence when he first asked to fuck him, Tony certainly hadn’t expected Steve’s eager playfulness now. He leisurely indulged in licking and sucking his way up and down the length of Tony’s cock until Tony nearly wept from it. When Tony’s fingers curled ever tighter in Steve’s hair, Steve finally wetted his lips properly and took him into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around the head as he softly sucked on it while stroking the base of Tony’s cock in a tight fist, until Tony’s groans turned to breathless, broken pleas of Steve’s name and his thighs squeezed around Steve’s head, quivering with need.
HORRIBLE RUDE PEOPLE?! Okay, Tony didn't deserve that! It was a long day of humble actions for no selfish purpose, were he treated his friend very well not too hide something he should have revealed a long time ago!
Steve chuckles "Okay" And after they've shared a little too long stare, Tony blurs about going to meet a friend and seeing him tomorrow and Steve waves him goodbye.
"Tonight it is,"
"Where do you know Tony Stark from?" He shamefully asks. If Fury doesn't want to answer, he won't anyway.
In the showers, Pietro finally blurs "Steve what the fuck?!"
Then Steve feels an arm over him and looks up to see Sharon smiling at him while the rest of the team keeps teasing a pissed off Clint. She taps his helmet and says "It suits you, you know?"
"Steve-o, what's with the happiness? Got laid?" Darcy says from where she’s playing video games with Pietro, and Steve laughs uneasy, looking around, looking for a face.
Bucky made sure Coulson was far enough, but as he was taking the phone from his pocked, Clint stole it.
"Steve, calm down okay? I'm going to get out"
"Who the fuck are you?"
"Meh" Steve shrugs exaggeratedly "There's is nothing. Never have. Just... this hum, awkward pinning? Let's change subject"
"Revenge. Not childish at all" He says opening his eyes to see Tony beautiful laugh.
"What did he say Aunt May?" A child voice said from behind him.
"Is that what people say of me?" Tony says and looks up with a tired expression "That I'm here because of my father?"
But Steve swallows and steps back before doing anything stupid again, and on cue Tony steps back "Just... yeah" Steve says.
"Yes. Bring the beers!"
Then Sharon comes to talk to him and even Steve is too clumsily distracted to think about him anymore.
"Milk please" Steve says biting his muffin and his eyes wide "Humm, this really is good"
Tony steps back with a big grin in his face, and goddammit it's so beautiful, Steve has to smile too "Will do!" Then his smile falls "But hum, seriously can we just keep this..." He waves between them.
"I can't tell you what to think of him, but I'm asking for the sake of this unit unification that you try to get along with Tony instead of immediately attacking him. Maybe you'll be surprised that he's not has intended on offending you as he seems to be"
There are laughs and threats and jokes and Steve smiles at it, and then turns back at Bruce who’s preparing the food in front of him.
Steve looks at the floor because the only thing he can think right now is the fact Tony defended him "Tony really said those things? For me?"
"I'll take that offense gladly"
"What. The fuck. Is happening here?" Clint says and Steve is stopped from answering what's probably everyone's thought by a call.
Somehow they’re faster than usual. The fire is burning everywhere, they have to constantly change routes, yell warnings at each other, and save people through the fire escape. The fire was spreading quickly and if they wanted to get everyone out they had to work really fast.
"No! Don't talk ‘cuz you have no notion of the sweat I've spend to make a good test, and you just gave me an F ‘cuz you don't like me! NONE OF YOU DOES!" He shouted, pointing at all the teachers.
And something in his gut twists at the fact Tony is probably very out of his league.
Tony looked at the guy beside him. Peter Quill, the guy that always leaves a million prejudice in his parties.
Even though with love, luck never seemed to be on his side.
He does crawl in Bucky's bed that night, his friend is clever enough to not ask or throw him out, though Sam probably told him everything, and Steve gets his comfort. Next day, Bucky is also the one who points out he can't run from his problems and Steve knows he’s right, he wasn't everyone to do that.
Steve smiles at that and gets closer "I see... So. When I went to your house, I found there a man?"
"Wilson?"
Tony looks away, obviously embarrassed, "I don't know Cap..." He says weakly.
"Scott, you're alright!" Tony half stated half asked.
Steve spends the drive back thinking about what happened. A shiver passes by him when he remembers Tony taking off his belt, was he just plain suicidal? Then again he threw himself under the car to save it, and that first day he wanted to stay inside the building just to make sure he saved everyone. Was it… to not take Thor and Nat with him?
"But Steve's number's here!" Rhodey said holding the phone out of Tony's reach, as they fought for it.
"Thor, how is your brother?" Tony asked.
"And you failed trying!" Steve says angry "If you just followed my orders, you'd do better!"
"Blah blah blah, you're completely irresponsible and incapable of doing anything right, same story since I was born" Tony waves his hands around "He said to come to you, so basically it’s your choice if I stay or not"
"I'm pretty sure he is" Clint comments without looking at him.
And after some agreement grunts and comments the team is back to itself and Steve eats in peace with Betty's company.
"Coulson got me jackass! I'm grounded for a week, you stupid shithead. All because of a stupid text!"
"What?" Bucky says lazily, appearing over the back of the couch.
So okay, thanks to Bruce's so strangely specific and useful information, Steve has something to work from when he didn't really think he would have.
"Chief?" He says in awe. Ah fuck, he's probably fired...
“Two more minutes chief”
"What are you planning?" A weird guy next to him asked.
"It's okay Tony. It was time for me to let it go" Steve says softly.
And wow, a tension Steve didn't even noticed he was carrying drops from his shoulders and he relaxes, a small smile playing on his lips.
Steve looks at the group photo, taken during his training and winces. He hates that photo, he looks like a stick draw. "Yeah... that was during my training, let's just say I've worked out since then"
"Shut up Phil! I'll get you out!"
your orders, he put both of us in danger, and he shouted back at me. I won't admit that kind of lack of respect"
"Fuck" Tony breaths out. Then suddenly he jumps and hugs him, and Steve shamefully squeals "Thank you Steve, Captain my Captain"
"I have to-"
ugly, just don't say it next to Fury. It's from his time"
"Yes, Chief?" He asks worried.
"Steve!"
Steve frowns "Was I like that? Erskine really did suffer with me huh" He smirks at his friend.
It's surprising to get in Tony's neighborhood. Yeah Steve already knew he was the son of the Mayor, and yeah it was public knowledge the Mayor was also a famous enterpriser, there is Stark tech everywhere in the city. But for some reason, Steve never connected that fact to the probability of Tony being rich!
"You were so cute!" Tony squeals and Steve eyes widen.
Steve grits his teeth and hisses "These rooms, Tony, aren't even used" He sees Tony's eyes widening "We checked it. And now we have less than a minute to get out of here before this thing all collapses, you heard me?"
"Hey" The man says.
"Not really" Steve says smiling "I just..." He shrugs "Gave a little push. You did the rest"
"You did good Rogers" But this time, Steve heard the little undertone of his voice, the final breakdown.
"James Barnes." Tony pointed at the guy still next to the stairs.
Tony eyes widened and he looked at the phone, then to the blushing Steve, then to the phone again. Then he actually tipped the word Tony and the phone unlocked. He looked surprised and confused at Steve.
"What are you here for? Got into a fight too?!
When Tony finally stopped running in the hallway, he cheered and danced as he looked at Steve's phone in his hand.
"Sorry teacher!" Bucky Barnes said to Professor Coulson from the other side of the room. Coulson was frowning at him, but accepted. And Tony didn't need to be a genius - which he actually was - to know Bucky had his best friend phone with him!
"Ouch!" Bucky yelps and Tony hides himself in the stair rail where they can´t see him "What the-"
He smiles at him “Apologies accepted” And Clint smiles at him.
"What?" Steve said curiously.
Steve looks at him "What do you know?"
"This is an order, Lieutenant!" Coulson suddenly yelled and Steve stopped, his heart racing at an uncontrollable speed. It's all too fast, too hard to bear, to painful.
He sits next to the Odinson brothers where Thor is saying "... and that's why you should never use the axe"
"It was kind of a mistake... I actually wanted to delete it myself but you have a code. Yeah, it would have been an invasion of privacy but-"
"Lang, priorities, cellphone!" Tony said stressed out as Natasha was nearly dumping Bucky.
"YouWannaGoOutWithMe?" Steve's voice blunted out too fast.
No. No, no, no, no, professionalism. He can't date a colleague. Tony is out of his reach right now, no way.
"Damn straight!" Clint answers "And an intervention for his food obsession, how can a guy this buff eat more than all of us together?!"
"I'm not leaving without making sure each of these rooms are empty"
"Good morning Steve" Bruce says and Steve smiles at him "I was trying to do some Nutella toasts, trying being the keyword"
Clint says "No way he's still here"
Tony smiles and Steve smiles back, because he likes that smile "Thank you Captain"
And Thor beams at him "My brother decided to pretend to read a book when he noticed my argument was the right one and he was losing the fight"
"You okay man?"
Tony was shoving his classmates, trying desperately to find Clint "Hey! The phone?!"
Steve clenches his fists marching to Tony "What the hell is wrong with you?!"
"Well, humble you're not for sure"
"Nat come help him out. Darcy help Jane bring the civilians out" Steve let's go of the robe as Natasha picks it and walks to the point of the bridge, lifting his hand, ready to give Loki the warning to push "Jane, I'm waiting for your signal" He says to the woman now opening the car door.
Steve sits next to Tony "We're like a family here" Steve admits and then twists his lips "We used too, at least"
"I had to check those apartments" Tony says defensively.
"Yes, Chief" Steve nods "As the Captain is my job to guide him, and for that I should at least give him another opportunity" He can't help but smirk a little at that.
"That's interesting" Natasha says thoughtfully and Clint nods.
Darcy seems to just follow their lead saying "Morning?"
"It's
The duo turns to him "What? Really?" Clint says with disbelief "If they can do it, why didn’t Fury?"
"Fuck, goddammit" Steve breaths out frustrated, following the idiot "Tony, we have to go. We have orders. Get here now!"
Steve almost gasps in surprise. What? No... no way.
"We got the man outside" Steve sobs, gripping Tony's shirt and he passes his hand on Steve's back "And he told me to take him out but it just closed, it just locked! It all happened so fast" Steve breaks down in crying.
"Excuse me?" Steve voices.
"Yeah, who you wanna fuck in this school? I'll get you a blind date!"
"Okay, okay."
Then, after some seconds, the door opens up to a man glaring at him. Steve steps back on reflex, a shiver passing by him at the sudden scrutiny.
"Mr. Rhodes, Mr. Stark!" Professor Coulson said looking at them angrily. They immediately shifted themselves up right, and closed their mouths. "Keep quiet. As I was saying..." and he continued his boring class.
"Yeah, he's a little annoying" Steve agrees.
Clint badly covers his laugh and Pietro snorts, his shoulders shaking as he bits his lip. Thor tries a "Loki!" But it's too late, Steve is way too self-conscious now and he turns to just finish his shower quick and get out of there.
Steve chuckles, and eyes Pietro with a disapproving look. "What?" The kid says wide eyed "It was Clint's fault!"
"Oh" The new man - Tony - says following all the looks to him "You must be the boss" He steps forward to Steve "Hey there! Please tell me you have good mattresses, last unit I've been in was like sleeping in a rock"
"Yes, he is! I don't know how you put worms on the teachers coffee pot, but leaving a note wasn't clever!"
Steve clears his throat feeling altogether awkward, and Bruce thank God just says "Let's go inside" Steve sighs and is about to walk with Bruce when he remembers something, and stops the man by his arm "Huh?" Bruce looks at him confused.
Loki mutters "Everything solved by a naked pep talk in the shower" And Steve fights to not face palm himself.
"Jesus, you're so funny I forgot to laugh" Pietro says and there's a group of snorts around. Steve frowns and Wanda says in a warning tone "Piet"
Fury sighs and sits straighter "That's why I put him with you" Steve frowns confused "I knew you would be the only person understanding enough. Have patience with him, it's a personal request"
[Truck 616, Squad 5, Ambulance 13. Chemical fire on 43B Street ]
And to get worse, he feels guilty for yelling so violently at Tony.
"I'm hungry" Tony says pushing the plate near his mouth and giving another bite.
Tony sighs "You'll seriously make me say it?" Steve just stares at him and Tony rolls his eyes "Look, I shouldn't have ignored your orders. Again. I put us both in danger and I'm sorry"
"Fuck! Steve, I can't get out"
"Now you Stark" Fury turns to the other. Wait, what? "What you did-"
For a job that involved so many accidents and difficult decisions, Steve never thought that he would feel, ever, this impotent.
"What?" Steve asks confused.
"What?" But before Steve can react,- Tony shakes himself out of his grip and runs inside the room "Fuck"
"Aw, don't thank me..." Tony said looking at the phone. His misery was right there. If he gave the phone to Steve, game over!
"Take a bite" Clint says pointing at the plate. And makes a pause before looking into Steve's eyes and making a much more honest smile, before adding "Captain Steve"
"Well" Sam says, passing a hand on the back of his neck "After you ran away yesterday, it wasn't the only emotional breakdown we had"
"Yeah!"
"Not clear! Not clear!" Tony yells, handing the woman he was carrying to Betty and Bruce. Steve frowns at him "I saw a shadow, there was someone in a lab we didn't check, I saw it!" Tony says with despair on his eyes.
He was an authentic, complete, utterly idiot!
Adrenaline. Yeah, the adrenaline!
"I was. I failed to deal with my problems, I kept everything inside and avoided confronting my whole unit" Tony eyes him not convinced at all "I failed by wanting to throw you out on the first day you were there" Tony rolls his eyes "I failed by yelling at you yesterday-"
"Who... the hell are you?" Clint says voicing probably everyone's thoughts.
"And..." You're incredibly sexy "You're smug"
"I'm not going to leave you!" Steve yelled, pushing once more time the damn crowbar against the stupid metal door, a fort like door that wouldn't give away.
And like that, Steve marches out not caring where he goes, he just walks away hoping everyone got the hint he didn't want to be followed.
"Sooo" Tony dragged the word when everyone went out and the room finally fell silent, sat in the lockers benches.
"Nothing Peter, just horrible rude people."
"What?" His brother shrugs, and with a sly smile goes back to his book.
And when Tony reaches him all of Steve worries are left behind. He's not actually as nervous as he thought he would be, and suddenly talking with Tony just seems so easy "Mission accomplished" He says just between them as the rest of the team keeps bickering around.
Scott coughed "That's an ancient practice, I'm clean know."
Tony nods and Steve awkwardly turns to walk away "Has anyone ever tell you you’re stubborn too Cap?"
Steve covers his mouth. He can't believe what Fury is saying, it can't be true. All this time… Fury didn't hate him?
"No. Thanks to you" Tony says softly and steps closer to him. Steve does the same. "For believing in me" He says sounding so honest, his eyes so beautiful and his lips so tempting.
"I-I-I just wanted to avoid that... that explosion" Tony whispers.
He takes some minutes to look at the helmet and replays Fury’s words in his head, each time more sure he doesn't want to leave this part of him behind.
"Hey" Tony Stark sits straight suddenly "My father has nothing to do with me being here"
He hears some shuffling around and what sounds like a grunt and then a "Wait a sec"
“Steve” Jane calls showing how the front seats where now half hanging out the bridge.
He feels a hand on his arm and when he looks forward his heart stumbles. With a beautiful smile on her small lips, under blue eyes "Hi Steve, how are you?" Sharon says stopping in front of him.
"What am I? A waitress?!" Pietro complains but does as he's told, saying "Clint bring the juice. We have to teach those assholes how to play"
"The password."
Bruce had taken the blame for him without thinking twice, and although Tony knew what was going to happen, he let his friend get hurt for him. Bruce. The most innocent and nice person he knows...
There's a wave of gasps and groans and more sounds of disbelief but Steve is already back to walking to his own office. He hears steps behind him and turns to see Sam reaching him "Hey" He says.
"Of course Steve" Bruce says making him something to eat while Pietro mutters "Hey, I was doing my toasts"
"How much in your wallet?"
After controlling the fire the trip to the firehouse is quiet and awkward, everyone saw what happened, Tony tried to be cheerful saying 'what a good first day here' but no one answered him so he took the hint and stayed silent. And Steve was calmer but still angry, he's not an angry person but he just couldn't deal with people not responding to his orders, that's the only power he has and Tony still thinks he’s right and has the courage to shout back. It's unnerving!
"I'm so sorry Steve, I'm here, you hear me? I'm here"
"And now the fireman is a furniture stylist" Pietro sarcastic voice is heard. Steve frowns, why did the team act so bad at a joke?
Then he gets up and hands him the helmet. Steve takes it with shaking hands "Now take it,
Steve frowns and looks at him again "What? No. You really thought that?"
"Yeah, that must be a good sign" Steve says sarcastically opening his office door and letting Sam in.
"I'm not leaving without you! I am not leaving you here!" Steve said with way much more conviction that he was actually feeling. There was someone yelling in the radio, calling for him, calling for the Captain, giving orders, asking questions, all of it at the same time. But there was no time, it was all happening so fast, and any second could be the last...
"And how am I supposed to deal with someone who doesn't-"
Bruce, thank God for him, walks around the counter and says "Common Tony, let me show you your bed" And practically drags an annoyed Tony out of the room.
"Ten seconds ago it was amazing" He then turns to Steve, ignoring Tony’s 'ouch'. And yeah, Steve could see it, the same coldness in his eyes from two months before, the same dry treatment even after the Captain nomination "Rogers, this is your new recruit. It came as a short notice, but he changed from his posterior firehouse to this one and from now on he will be working in your truck"
‘What?!’ Clint mouthed angry.
Sam eyes him when they´re getting in the trucks but there's no time to talk. Four minutes they’re at the car accident, three cars went against each other in the bridge and one of them was hanging at the broken barrier, almost falling and with civilians still inside.
Rhodey got next to them and slapped him in the head .
"Screw y’all, losers!" Darcy yells holding her hands up, probably not even noticing his presence.
"It's the opposite actually" He says lowly and Steve only hears because he just now notices how close they are, with Steve's hand still in the door and Tony between him.
"Hey, Odinson right?" Tony asked the handsome blondy at the cafetaria entry.
"But I didn't blame you" That takes Steve by surprise"I don't blame you" Fury repeats, and shakes his head "I never did. These things happen, it's a part of our job, no one is to blame and me and Coulson, we both knew that. I never meant for you to feel like that. I didn't even thought that you were" Fury holds up the helmet and looks up at him "I just couldn't let go of him" There's a pause but when Fury talks again it's as sternly as he ever does "But when I chose you to be the Captain it was because you are best one for the job"
He feels something wet on his cheeks and Sam is stepping forward saying "Steve-" but Steve makes a signal for him not to get closer and looks at the rest of the team.
"What, Rhodes?" Tony says distracted "He's my shoulder to cry on, but between you and me he just went there to steal my booze. Jerk"
But why does it still bothers him so much…?
"Steve-" Tony says taking a step in his direction.
Steve follows Bruce inside to a still going war "Bruce, for fucks sake, tell them that the couch is horrible" And yeah, Steve could see it in the way Tony was seated at the table, with his legs crossed and his face a frown that could be seen as anger when in fact it’s confusion, the why maybe they all didn't like Tony.
So, oookay? "Ah, okay" Steve says watching the man cursing in his breath while he walks to the elevator.
"That day, Steve" Fury says and stops. And Steve knows exactly what day Fury is talking about "That day, I was calling for him on the radio. I was hearing you both and I kept calling and none of you answered" Steve furrows his eyebrows at Fury’s tone and looks up to see the man's sad expression, intently on the helmet "I felt as useless as you were feeling. I knew what was about to happen but nothing prepares you for that. So many years of work on this field, you see so many accidents, but you’re never ready for the pain, you know?" Steve nods even though Fury isn’t looking. He knows "And when Coulson told you to leave he finally picked up the radio" Steve eyes widen at that while Fury closes his "His last words were to me and I still hear them loud and clear in my memory, may it be dreams or nightmares, I still remember him. I still miss him"
"Wasn't there..." Tony says slowly, his hands carefully cupping Steve's cheeks "Something about no dating between Captains and their recruits"
"Smug?" Tony says disgusted "Me?"
"Well, first of all" Clint says and suddenly closes his locker with too much force, making it bang horribly loud "We lost our Captain"
Fury caresses the helmet with his thump and Steve shuts his eyes. Fuck, Fury lost one of his closest friends and it was all Steve's fault! Steve looks at the floor and murmurs "I'm sorry..."
"We had time to evacuate the whole building" The man says, interrupting to couch some more "But block B" The man points to a corner "They got stuck, too many debris. The fire started on top but I don't know if they can be alive"
Tony lifts an eyebrow "But you do-"
"Yes. Because it's not what he says Steve" Bruce explains "It's how he looks"
"Fine! Just- do whatever you're about to do!"
The man then tries to hold his arm up for Steve to shake and Steve notices he has an incredible amount of alcoholic drinks in his arms. He shakes it anyway, kinda awkwardly "James Rhodes"
"We didn't check there, Cap. I'm just going-" Tony's voice somehow echoes through the sound of the fire and the damn building falling into pieces.
"What hum, I mean... what do you think of Tony?" He says, hopping it didn't sound too weird to ask.
And all in all, everything is just perfect.
"Hey Cap" Tony gets in. He closes the door and leans against it. Steve turns his body to Tony.
"Yeah..." Steve answers sadly. Then "Did you know him?"
[Truck 616, Squad 5, Ambulance 13. Car accident on Down Town Bridge]
And when Steve looked one last time back he knew...
"Look" Tony says his hands calmly touching Steve's chest and pushing him away, Steve gives a little step back "I'm not saying this for you to go all pity on me. I would truly appreciate it if you didn't comment on this around, it's just..." Tony lets a puff of air leave his mouth and looks away "This is probably my last change, God you have no idea how lucky I was Fury actually let me stay here, what he's risking, and I'm already blowing it up by being, well, me" Tony swallows and looks back at Steve "You seem like a very cool righteous guy, and I should have trusted you, so I just want to honestly ask you to just give me one more chance" Tony shows him a finger "And I'll try my whole best to always follow your orders and do things right. Please. Just one opportunity"
"Clear" He says to Fury, turning to see Tony bring the last civilian out.
Steve laughs hearing the sarcasm in that sentence and nods his head. Yeah, that is all he'll need.
"Yeah just forget who died, because a man cried and someone decided to give us a sermon. That's how problems are solved these days" Loki mutters sarcastically but of course, everyone ignores him and Steve does just the same.
And yet, it was like a freezing breeze was passing through his heart when he clenched his hand even more tightly around the crowbar and gave one more sudden push to break open the door, his arms protested at the act and yet, that wasn't the reason a desperate whimper left his lips.
Tony starts laughing and they have to break up even if just to breath. Steve licks his lips watching Tony swollen one’s as he giggles and his eyes shine with amusement. He's so beautiful.
"Steve!!" Tony almost shrieked. Not panicked. At all. "How are you man, been ages I don't see ya."
"Wow. What's with the aura here?" Tony had to say "You may not know me Captain, but I know how to do my job so no need for the gang approval"
Bucky’s parents hadn’t been able to take off from work to see him at his graduation, but his baby sister was there, and together with Steve and Sarah, they celebrated the occasion at one of Steve and Bucky’s favorite restaurants in Boston. It was pricier than their usual fare, but if graduation wasn’t special enough, what was?
“What’s this, Barnes?” a woman called through the crowd, and like a shot, Steve veered off his course for Leticia to see her instead. He wrapped his arms around a red-headed woman and spun her in the air in his joy.
Unlike Steve, Bucky seemed unbothered by the idea of mortality - he simply shrugged in acceptance and tossed the file onto the nearest counter. Steve chose to think that maybe Bucky had realized it on his own, because the alternative (imagining Bucky had no reason to agonize over his immortality, no friends or connections he dreaded leaving behind) wasn’t something he could stomach.
As slow and calm as Rhodes tried to be, his touch clearly startled Tony. He jolted in his chair, his hands grasping into defensive fists around the trigger. Rhodes moved quickly to control Tony’s right hand before he accidentally burned himself. It only took him a few seconds to free the torch from Tony’s grasp, but Steve’s heart dropped like a stone. The image of that torch flame centimeters from Tony’s bare neck haunted him, and it wasn’t until Rhodes was hauling Tony off the chair and over his shoulders that Steve checked back in with the video.
Dicks still on parade?
The door opened and closed with a slam, and to Steve’s groan of discontent for being woken so rudely, Patrick said, “Aw shit, didn’t see you there, bro. Sorry, dude. Guess you saw the papers, huh?”
Tony watched Steve carefully, but for all he could tell, Steve was rolling with the punches without batting an eye. If anything, he looked determined to get the plan going.
He watched his brother make his way over, and his mom was saying something to him about photographs with the cakes, and how Steve had helped her make them, when by some miracle, he picked up the sound of his dad’s voice.
Just hearing his voice brought a smile to Steve’s face. “Tony! You’re home late,” he called back. Slowly, and with more care than any healthy person would need, he shuffled around from the small breakfast nook separating the kitchen from the studio room in time to see Tony hang up his coat.
“Tony!” Steve laughed though he genuinely tried not to; Tony was stressing out in a way he hadn’t witnessed before and Steve didn’t want to appear patronizing. But also, where had this Tony had been during the worst of award season?
It didn’t matter how many times he rearranged his day or re-did the math. It didn’t matter, because he kept coming to the same conclusion.
“Welcome to Taco Bell!” a young woman behind the counter greeted him with false cheer. “May I take your order?”
Bucky had been there when Steve had fought his way behind enemy lines to find out what happened to his father. He’d been there when they had been too late.
, he gags; and this muscle in his jaw? It jumps when he’s real frustrated, it’s a compass for how to best annoy him. Every ‘literally,’ ‘like,’ ‘insane’—it’s like takin’ candy from a baby.”
Brock smirked to himself as he tapped on the glass case. It was too think to punch his way through, but getting his hands on his prize was only a matter of leverage.
With the loud, startling clap of lightning, Clint, Natasha, and Tony appeared in the empty space behind the Elder.
Tony pulled the door closed behind him, giving them some privacy while the kids were still out for recess. “I thought you might ask that,” he confessed, sauntering to Steve’s desk with a self-satisfied smirk. “And I thought of three reasonable explanations on the way here. Would you like to hear them?”
A little vein was making itself known to Steve whether he liked it or not. It throbbed, slow and mild at first, but it was quickly building to a robust, undeniable headache.
“How about Sally’s pumpkin pie?“ Laura said in a blatant effort to change the topic. “Who wants some of that?”
Tony adjusted his grip, spread Steve’s ass almost to the point of pain, then with a slow, measured pace, he licked a wet stripe from the bottom up to the top.
Steve grimaced, looking pitifully guilty. “Sweetheart, I don’t think I’ll have time for that tonight,” he said quietly. “I have to find a replacement spot for her now.”
“Alright, wake up the rest of the team and tell them to assemble in the hanger in five.”
Steve recognizes Dodger’s vocalizations and of course the voice is Tony, it’s always Tony. But why does he sound so upset?
Steve relishes the soothing feeling of the water washing away the taste of ash. He tries again to open his mouth and talk, but Tony takes the glass away from him and gently places a hand on his chest to push him back down.
If they start to become something more, the only thing that would change would be the physical aspect of their relationship. They already spend a lot of time together; they go out to eat together; watch movies alone together (Tony wanted to catch him up on the classics and said that he would take it upon himself to educate him since everyone else on the team watched them already – which Steve will soon realize that this logic was flawed because
Tony frowns, “You could have come to me, anyway. We’re friends, I could have been there for you.”
Tony turned his head towards Morgan.
The sound of knocking brought Pepper’s attention to the door. The door opened to reveal Happy Hogan and her daughter, Morgan, trailing behind him. Pepper tried to steel her features and tried to put on a brave and welcoming face for her daughter.
“You’re sure that you don’t want at least one of us to go with you?”
“I can officially confirm that they are indeed making out in the medical bay, and they’re being
“You got it, Cap. Drive safely,” said Rhodey.
“Wait, Tony, hold on,” Steve says feeling overwhelmed.
. This will be something new, right? Something that he wants just for himself, on his own terms since up until this point, after waking up from the ice, the future’s been forced onto him. He had always wanted a dog growing up, but he couldn’t have one because of money and his allergies which triggered terrible asthma attacks. But, neither one of those things were a problem for Steve anymore.
“It’s going to be alright, Tony. Strange went to get some help. You’re going to be alright.”
“Do you mean the trails of peanut butter we had to strategically place to lure Dodger around?” Bruce asks, laughing.
“Strange has them secured at his place with that weird magic that he does,” replied Rhodey. “He said to let him know when we’re ready to return them.”
Not again.
“Very well,” said Strange, “that will do.” He turned and started to wave his hands around. Tendrils of orange sparks appeared and formed a circle to open a portal to what looked like a supply closet. “I’ll be right back. I’m going to get some help. Anyone else who needs to be treated for mild injuries can come with me. Quickly.”
Exhausted and close to collapsing, Steve Rogers looked at the sight around him. Total destruction had reigned after Thanos and his army attacked, but it was finally over. The dust settled and he watched as one by one of Thanos’s lackeys turned into ash, carried off by the silent wind until ultimately the Titan himself was also no more. As the relief was starting to wash over him, it was cut short when his eyes caught Tony Stark by the rubble, struggling to stay upright. He watched in uncertainty as Tony collapsed. He immediately wanted to reach out and help him, but he was yards away from him. Steve eyed the damage caused by the gauntlet that Tony used to banish Thanos from existence. Like Bruce, he could see that Tony’s right side had been charred due to the power of the Infinity Stones that flowed through the gauntlet.
“I just have a feeling Tony will have a pretty big say on what he’d like to do. I’m not going to take that decision away from him,” she said. What he’s been through… It’s traumatic enough. I think it’s time for him to take back control over his life.”
“Okay,” He breathes out and places a hand over his rapidly beating heart. He attempts to shake the horrible dream out of mind and takes a couple of deep breaths to bring his heart rate down. He turns his head to look out the window. It’s still dark outside.
It shouldn’t be such a big deal, really. It’s a simple sketch of Tony on his knees with Dodger sitting across from him, tongue sticking out and both of Tony’s hands outstretched, scratching behind his ears. He’s smiling. It’s something so mundane and normal, so Steve can’t help but not understand why Tony reacted this way.
“Yeah, well…” Tony splutters, seemingly unable to take the compliment. “Cap seriously, it’s your call. Just don’t go around naming him after mythical gods or Thor will try to spar with him
They even go out to lunch together. Sometimes they bring Dodger along with them to pet-friendly restaurants.
“Sorry,” Steve gives a slight laugh. “It’s just, you barely come out of here unless it’s for food. We usually have to drag you out for team bonding nights. But here comes Dodger and you willingly put everything down to take him outside.”
Steve watches in shock as Tony steps out of the armor, face twisted in a murderous glare as he walks towards the groundskeeper who continues to stand his ground, but is starting to look like he’d like to be anywhere but here.
“Okay,” she said and proceeded to babble on about the hotel pancakes she had this morning, which, she figured, were shaped into an ambiguous animal.
“Right? I also gotta keep this guy in check,” he said as he clapped his metal hand on Sam’s shoulder. “He needs it.”
Steve bites his lip, contemplating. It’s not that he can’t, clearly. It’s just the various solo subject drawings of Tony that he would rather not show him.
Steve sits on his bed flipping through his sketchbook, looking through the various sketches of Tony, and they aren’t just portraits. There are sketches of Tony’s expressive eyes, his lips, his hands that he used to create
Without looking back, Steve leaves Tony’s room to suit up, wishing, more than anything, that he could go back.
“Oof!” Tony’s voice is muffled by the pillow underneath him.
“He is currently in Mr. Stark’s lab.”
in love with you for a while now. Hence, all of those lunch dates and the million other excuses I made up to spend more time with you. But, I guess I never really made that clear. Also, why would I want anyone else when you’re
.” Steve deadpans as he pulls on a pair of sweats and begins to walk towards the elevator.
gross about it,” Clint gags.
“I hope you know,” Tony starts, “that it was a mutual break up, but that's beside the point. The CPP are on their way here to escort a former Central Park employee off the premises for kicking a defenseless dog into a pond, causing such a disturbance for park-goers, and the cherry on top, verbally harassing Captain America.”
“It’s Captain America!”
“Okay. Yup, it’s time for me to get up and go.”
He checks the bathroom, the bathtub, even the shower stall, and there’s no sign of Dodger anywhere. He goes and searches around the rest of his floor behind the sitting area, the drapes—he checks under the table and still comes up with nothing.
“The stones?” Steve asked.
Steve grimaced. “I’m sorry… I… I wish I had reached out sooner,” he admitted.
things. There’s a sketch of his hands scratching the ears of a delighted Dodger.
San laughed, “Oh, it’ll stick - give it time.”
They manage to rescue all of the civilians, but Steve wants to make sure that the building is clear. He rushes back in through the billowing black smoke and scorching heat, debris and pieces of rubble falling around him.
Steve looked around the room until his eyes fell on the half-broken shield that he took from the wreckage. He found the other half yesterday. He hoped that it can get fixed someday - these two halves of a whole.
Steve rouses to a dull feeling of pain and the sound of monitors beeping. He can make out a voice talking.
“Hey! Get out of there, you mangy mutt!”
I’m also open to prompts if anyone wants to suggest something that has nothing to do with this fic. I really want to apply for the stevetony zine but I don’t have enough samples of my work to show them. So yeah, prompts would be so cool!
Steve has to look away from Tony’s wide brown eyes. He’s sure that Tony could see right through him right about now and tries to make a hasty retreat.
One out of the fourteen million six hundred five possible futures… the only one where they came out on top…
“But you’re right. It’s not that bad,” she continued. “I’ve had worse.” A small smile appeared on her lips.
“Steve. You listening to me?”
Well, I hope ya'll like the start to this.
He heard his daughter acknowledge the companion on his right.
Uncertainty curls in the pit of Steve’s stomach, but he still brings himself to ask, “Tony, who is it?”
“Press junkets, missions, and galas don’t count, Tony.”
But the gasp that Tony lets out makes him look at him sharply.
“I could take him,” he says softly.
“You guys could...” Tony begins hesitantly, looking at them with an indiscernible expression “just stay the night? I mean, it’s not really a big deal and there’s plenty of room for the three of us.”
“I’d like to see you try to let go of me first,” he shoots back, knowing fully well that Tony doesn’t intend to do so.
“Dodger,” Steve begins sternly. He hates doing this, “let’s go.”
“The weirdest thing. He was outside my lab somewhere around 5 a.m.?” Tony starts, as he gets up from the floor, walking closer to Steve. “JARVIS said you were still sleeping, and I didn’t want to wake you, so… Also, sorry about that.” He points at Steve’s forehead.
I'll probably have Tony up and Steve interacting with him in the next chapter lol. I hope so anyway. I don't know if I'll be able to update as fast though since I'll be traveling to Peru on Wednesday and I have an assignment due for class when I come back. I'll bring my tablet tho so I'll try to write a few paragraphs here and there.
“I…,” he begins in confusion, “how did he even get there?”
“I’m in love with you!” Tony yells, almost hysterically, “And I can’t fucking lose you,
“I think they said that they might be sticking around for a bit. Thor’s going to show them around New Asgard and then circle back to see how Tony’s doing. Either way, they’re not going to take off without Rocket until he and Bruce build a replacement for that time machine.”
“Thank you, Captain,” JARVIS chimes in, almost smugly.
“Seriously? You don’t want me naming things, especially living, breathing, furry ones. I suck at naming things. I mean, look at U and DUM-E, they have to live with those names for the rest of their robot lives.”
But, anyway, feedback is really appreciated. I haven't written fic in a long time.
If Tony could blindside him and flirt with him out of nowhere, so could he.
“Never mind, Steve. You don’t have to,’ Tony says dejectedly. “Anyway, I should probably get going.”
Natasha sits on one of the couches in the communal floor with Bruce and Thor as they wait for Clint to report back. From the other side of the room, the elevator dings and out walks Dodger, tail happily wagging behind him. Natasha motions him to come forward and he runs up to her, climbs onto the couch and lays his head on her lap.
“Yeah,” she said. “I think I know what you mean by that. Stephen… he was kind of the same way. Didn’t know when to stop.”
Who knew Strange was capable of having friends that weren’t part of his magic act.
He could move on like this.
“Steve,” Tony starts almost dramatically, “I woke up to him on my bed.
“Not that I’m not enjoying this, darling. But, if you’re feeling better I think we should move to a
The crowd begins to disperse. A few stragglers were left over, watching from a distance. Steve pays them no mind as Tony finally looks at him and closes the short distance between them.
“Hold on there, big guy,” says Bruce.
“Wait. You? Took him on a walk?” Steve raises an eyebrow in disbelief.
“Did you seriously make a joke about me being smaller than you?” Tony pouts.
“I’m going to scan him for a microchip to see if we can find out who he belongs to,” She says.
The most curious thing for Steve to see was Dodger scramble off the couch, where he was receiving a petting session from Natasha, and sprint across the room to where Tony was waiting for the elevator. Steve watches as canine plants himself in front of the elevator doors as if trying to keep Tony from leaving. And from where Steve’s standing, the puppy dog eyes are murder.
“Are you sure? Not that I’m doubting that you’ll take good care of him, but adopting a dog is a pretty big responsibility.”
“Tony?”
“So, uh, why don’t you and Dodger stay down here for a bit, so that they could continue their game while we figure out how to stop this little guy from leaving your floor.” Tony rubs the back of his neck, a nervous tick. There’s a hint of red on Tony’s cheeks.
Hey guys!! I’m back and I’m not abandoning this fic!!
Dodger lets out another sad whimper in response.
Steve caves because sure, why not? What could possibly go wrong?
“Okay, Happy. We’ll be on our way up. Bye.” Pepper finished the call with a concerned look on her face and started to gather her things to leave.
Even though Steve knows that these people need their help, he feels reluctant to let go. But he does, squeezing Tony ever so slightly before doing so and trying to commit the feeling of Tony waking up next to him, warm and rumpled, to memory.
Tony looks up as if urging a certain not so mythical Norse god to strike him down right then and there.
It’s evening when Steve returns from Dodger’s last walk for the night. He leads Dodger out of the elevator when they reach his floor. They make it through his bedroom door where Dodger has a brand-new orthopedic pet bed that he jumps on as soon as he sees it.
“Captain is it over?”
Also, I did want to mention that this is NOT a home wrecker Steve fic, or an anti pepperony fic or anti Pepper fic. I have a plan for that but I don’t want to spoil it. Anyway I love Queen Pepper.
“What do you mean?” Steve asked as he got to his feet.
He smiled at that.
“I...” Steve hesitated, caught off guard, “they’re good. We’re alright.”
, big, dumb, blonde, idiot.”
“Right,” she paused, a faraway look in her eyes. “Hopefully he fully wakes up soon to decide. However, I highly recommend it, since it’ll basically be a dead limb.”
Tony breaks the silence. “Is that really me?” he asks in a small voice, not taking his eyes away from the drawing.
“You don’t sound too sure.”
Steve is caught between sputtering and laughing and brings a hand over to gently move Dodger’s face from his.
Pepper watched as Steve Rogers was swarmed by nurses, both women and men, asking questions upon questions. Some continued to gush over him. Others had gotten closer to him than what was deemed necessary in an attempt to touch his leather-clad biceps. Pepper stood there, speechless at the spectacle; that is until Dr. Christine Palmer arrived at the scene.
“Cap! I’ve got a nuke coming in, and I know just where to put it,” Tony’s voice replaces Peggy’s on the radio, and suddenly he’s back in the Quinjet. “Tony?” Steve breathes out, and all he can do is helplessly watch the Iron Man armor fly past him underneath the belly of a nuclear missile aiming towards the portal.
He tries to respond, he really does, but the weight of the rubble, the ash, and soot is all too much and his vision goes dark.
A silence fell between the four men as they looked at one another, and then all eyes were trained on both Bucky and Rhodey, as the dorky reference suddenly dawned on them. Bucky and Rhodey both glanced at each other and assessed the other before they both turned back to Sam to say, “Never again.”
“Great!” Tony exclaims. “Also, could you make those pancakes you made for the team brunch we had two weeks ago, later?”
“Well, I’m okay?” He says with uncertainty.
But was it over for him?
“We’re on really good terms, Sam, and I’d like to keep it that way,” said Steve as he shut the trunk of the car and faced Sam.
“No, wait. Tony, I’m fine,” Steve insists. He’s about to say something else but Tony cuts him off with a glare.
“Daddy! You’re awake!”
Even so, Steve takes a glance at the crowd calculatingly. He chooses his next words carefully as he regards the rude man.
Pepper grabbed onto the distraught boy and gently maneuvered him aside to reach Tony. Steve watched as she knelt down to examine him. She laid a hand over the arc reactor that powered the suit and Tony grabbed on to it. As he and Thor finally reached them, he heard Pepper inhale a shaky breath and ask, “FRIDAY?”
So, if she could ignore this whole ordeal, so could he.
Actually, that’s most of the time but it’s also counterproductive because he loves to hear him talk passionately about literally anything. He loves the way he just lights up when he talks about his new inventions, talking a million miles a minute, so animated and alive.
“I’ve never seen him up close before. He’s so handsome!”
So, do ya'll have any idea where I am going with this? I would like to hear your thoughts. lol
Steve would have never thought that there would have been a chance that he and Tony would get to where they are now - not after the secrets and the betrayal.
Steve finally makes a move to sit up, groaning at the strain that puts on his abdomen. He tries to clear his throat to speak, but that triggers a harrowing cough. Tony is at his side in an instant, one hand supporting his back and the other holding a glass of water up to Steve’s lips.
“Oh, yeah, laugh it up, big guy,” Tony says attempting to sound annoyed but failing. Steve can hear him grinning through the phone, trying to keep himself from joining Steve in laughing.
Tony glances down at the screen and looks back at him, stricken.
doctor friend. So what’s the bill of health?” Tony asked.
“I know you’re out there! You can come in, y’know.” He could hear Tony call out from behind the door. Steve pushes the door open and is met with the sight of Tony laying on his stomach and Dodger draped across his back.
Steve doesn’t know what to say, but he watches Tony’s expression shift into one of determination, like he’s made up his mind about something.
“They’re not completely sure, but they think Tony was trying to wake up again.”
“Alright Dodger, c’mon. Time to go,” he says as he tries to pull his dog off of Tony. Dodger groans and lets himself be pushed off, but as soon as Steve lets go of him, he scrambles to get back on top of Tony.
His thoughts drifted back to Tony again.
“He—yes, he,” Steve tried to explain, almost convinced Howard would appear any second to chase him from the property. “We agree it’s quick, so there’ll be a prenup.”
Pierce’s smile shone like a diamond, which was to say, it didn’t. “Terrific,” he said, his pleasant voice uncomfortably sharp around his perfect, pearly white teeth. “Regretfully, Captain, I must return to work now, but I assure you, I await your reputable company with great composure.”
“Really, Tony?”
Somehow, that only made Steve feel more hopeless. All that time, when Steve had begged Tony to talk? When he had told himself Tony’s weird behavior was the stress of his thesis defense? If what Rhodes said was true, Tony had lied to his face all along.
A part of Steve didn’t want to make it that easy for Tony to become important in his life again. Tony was a good man and an attentive friend, but Steve cared about him too deeply to act casually or treat him platonically in person. Even now, nearly a year after the fact, Steve couldn’t trust himself to put the breaks on if he saw Tony face to face. Tony would only have to smile at him to wrap Steve around his little finger.
Tony hopped out of the truck and got to work. Five posts to be replaced and three wires to patch. He was out of practice and, despite what he liked to believe, was at a physical disadvantage.
He took a firm grip of Tony’s top leg, and with a casual display of his strength that had tension and desire coiling somewhere deep and filthy within Tony, Steve lifted Tony’s thigh until his knee practically rested on his arm, opening his body up for Steve’s taking. His grip was strong, and it never wavered; he tirelessly held Tony in position, and it was only the softly whispered curses that gusted against Tony’s lips that showed him how affected Steve was despite his outward composure.
Angry and already on the defensive, Steve turned with a frown to see who had spoken to him. Somehow, on a night as miserable as this, the only friendly face on campus was looking back at him.
But when Tony had a chance to question him to explain how they knew who had made the payments - Barnes or Hansen - the accountant started dodging and sweating. The payment was made using their company account, which both spouses had access to at all times. There was no way to prove it was one or the other, except, as Tony rhetorically argued, what honest woman would pay for her husband’s philandering?
“You were awake?”
“If he doesn’t throw in the towel soon, I’ll’ve to try that,” Tony thought out loud, picking up his phone to tap the idea into his project notes to be sure he wouldn’t forget. “That’s a shit move.”
His best friend. It was the only name the Captain choked out. Tony averted his eyes, unable to watch the tears welling up in his eyes.
“Steve?” he heard Tony calling from the other side of the door, and Steve shook himself awake.
He reached the phone in time to see a missed call from Sharon.
” Tony cheered under his breath as he climbed back into bed.
Dummy tore after the truck at a breakneck speed, stretching and reaching as best as he could. It was too dark for Steve to drive too fast on such unfamiliar roads, and soon, Tony managed to slide up against the driver’s side window. He pounded on the window, shouting for Steve to stop, to slow down—they needed to talk, this couldn’t be happening—
The clock was in overtime. Any pass, any slapshot could have been the game winning goal, and Steve could barely breathe from the tension. Tony kept glancing at him, captivated by the genuine excitement in Steve’s entire body, from the way he would curl his fists when the Red Wings moved too close to Lundqvist’s net, or the way he would lean in and almost brace his weight on the balls of his feet anytime the Rangers moved the game back to put the pressure on the visiting team.
“Don’t worry about it, shouldn’t be a problem,” Tony assured him with a smile before getting to work. “Might take a minute.”
“Could he not have been a contender?” Thor wondered in a hushed voice even as he packed Bruce into the cab. Tony only glanced at him while he was in the middle of explaining Bruce’s address to the driver.
Steve moaned in complaint while Tony laughed. “Easy!” he said with a cocksure grin that distracted Steve from the adorable blue merle puppy long enough to slant Tony a long suffering look. “He was a background student athlete in
“Who is he?”
Steve smiled thoughtfully to himself, remembering Tony’s soft cries and grasping fingers. The illicit taste of his sweat. “In that case,” he said, “put him on the schedule for tomorrow.”
Once she had settled in and gotten to work, it was easy for Steve to fall in as well. Somehow, it was easier to concentrate when people were seated and working than when they packing or unpacking. Chatting, for that matter, rarely disrupted them either.
Clint perked up, and briefly paused in rubbing her arms through the quilt to ask, “Yeah? What’s that?”
“No, nothing like that,” Tony muttered and glared at the file, as if its content was more offending than Steve’s fears. He was angry, but beneath the anger Steve caught the glimpse of an emotion that had no business weighing on Tony.
“Do you still want to see the movie?” Steve asked quietly, anything to ignore the stupid nickname. “If you need to get back to work...”
“I just,” Tony whispered, his voice wavering as he tried to speak. Emotions were bubbling up and threatening to escape him, and Tony pinched his mouth closed and shook his head no until he could calm himself enough to say, “I miss you already.”
For a moment, Steve was too distracted by Tony’s lips to react - when the question caught up with him, he had to pull away to avoid laughing into Tony’s mouth.
Rhodey stared back at him, unamused. “I will slap that purple shit right off your face, Tony.”
By the time they got back to the precinct five hours later, Steve felt like a walking billboard for every pretentious brand name under the sun. From the Magnanni shoes that cost six hundred dollars and Tony called ‘mid-range chic,’ to the Burberry wool coat that apparently told the world he was ‘trying just hard enough,’ Steve was so far out of his comfort zone that any bump against a desk and every dusty-looking chair put the fear of the Lord in him. What was a man to do if he got ketchup on pants that were on sale for three hundred dollars?
Like a bat out of hell, he ditched his food and bolted across the street. He wove past pedestrians and strollers alike, then turned down an alley until the large, imposing doors to the city library came into view.
While his dad and brother laughed themselves hoarse, Tony led Steve around to the stairs and to the front door where five hound dogs of various shapes and sizes wagged their entire bodies with excitement. He didn’t pause to greet them or indulge in their abundant joy; instead, the dogs were left to trail them through the house as Tony hustled Steve in, past the broad, winding staircase that dominated the foyer, past open doors and hallways until the fourth hallway to their right opened up into an obscenely large living room.
Tony fell forward, but braced himself on his hands in the last moment, struggling to keep from dumping his weight on Steve. Steve briefly thought he wouldn’t have minded, might even have welcomed Tony’s weight heavy against his back, but Tony was already pulling away, pulling out, and climbing off the bed.
“You wouldn’t,” Steve said with absolute conviction. There wasn’t a doubt in his mind. “We’ll figure it out, Buck.”
Associate Bob Sitwell was waiting to receive them in the entrance hall to the New Yoresylvania Governor’s Compound.
“And you think I won’t?” Sarah drawled, smiling up at Steve with the smug confidence of a woman who had already won. “What do you say, Tony?”
Some even included photographs.
And then, she did nothing. Steve side-eyed her after a few seconds of awkward silence, and she just gestured at the computer and said, “Google it!”
“Be at ease, Bruce Banner, I will do what I can to help you,” Tony promised and took the tablet without delay. He flipped through the screens and called up Bruce's most recent private communications. The first one was addressed from his doctor and bore the description, ‘Screening results.’ He cleared his throat and started to read.
Steve’s unexpected reply gave Tony pause, but he nodded eventually. He settled back down on Steve’s chest, pressing a soft kiss to his sternum, and he watched Steve in attentive silence.
Even with the lights, the tunnel was so deep that there was no end in sight. Tony’s stomach churned with fear.
“That’s convenient,” Steve muttered, and Bob gave him a strange look.
“That’s not a bad—I’ll get him a cab,” Tony agreed while Bruce tried to insist that he wanted to help. It became a bit of a juggling act getting Bruce to go along with them, and Tony was backing out of the bar talking over Bruce’s head while uncapping the water bottle Thor had passed him when he backed right into someone.
“What?” Clint complained from where he still sat in the moist grass, then in a louder voice he called after Tony again. “Wait, what’d I say!“
“And that woman is doomed for a second orgasm,” Tony said with a defeated sigh. “Why are we good guys again?”
“Your Honor, I find it highly suspicious that my client was accused of the precise indiscretions outlined in the prenuptial agreements to favor Mrs. Hansen in the event of a divorce. Accusations that, as I have demonstrated before the court, are unfounded and, I argue, fabricated by Mrs. Hansen for primary custody and a greater portion of Mr. Barnes’s assets,” he said, emphatic on his client’s behalf. “We contest joint custody of the children: primary custody of the children for an equal division of all assets and no additional alimony.”
The scene that greeted Steve was disturbingly familiar. He had read about it just the night before. The red rope, the mismatched candlesticks, the scattered bottles of wine. The victim was gagged and stretched over the hood of a car, his arms tied over his head and his legs spread wide in a nauseating facsimile of how Tony had masterfully opened Steve’s body up for his ritual sacrifice. Similar knots tied to secure the victim by the thighs, the calves, and the ankles, ensuring that he could not close his legs at any cost.
After all, it wasn’t a lie. He’d had his doubts about Hansen well before eloping.
“If the decorative touches in my domicile put you ill at ease, Steve Rogers,” he started, sounding a touch apologetic. “You are welcome to take this with you - I can show you to your domicile at once.”
It was enough to leave Tony weak in the knees. Quickly, he slipped his hands free of Steve’s gentle grip to wrap his arms around Steve’s neck and fall into his husband's embrace for an eager, laughing kiss. “No, my love,” Tony said between gentle, playful kisses, “it’s only that, when you say such words, it makes me wish we never had to leave the palace.”
, by Rick Astley.”
“I, uh,” Steve stammered, suddenly caught with one foot in his old insecurities again. “I don’t know—”
Between the helplessness of his position that left his body open to any abuse and Steve’s skillful touch, Tony’s lukewarm interest quickly grew into hard, breathless excitement. His head fell back against the padded bench, luxuriating in the long, fat fingers filling his ass and unraveling his defenses with such blatant expertise. It was embarrassing how quickly Steve could bring him off, how easily he could reduce Tony to some primitive creature no more civilized than a working animal.
Carol was a marvel. A living, breathing marvel. Steve was delivered to Tony’s dorm within the hour, fed and showered and ready to tumble into bed.
“I don’t follow,” Steve admitted after a beat. “And I’m not sure I want to.”
Tony’s lips twitched up into a smile, something curious and amused that soothed Steve’s uncertainty into hope.
They stopped off at Joe’s Diner on the I-90. They’d seen the advertisement early on, and Steve’s stomach had rumbled like he hadn’t eaten a BLT an hour earlier. They pulled in and treated themselves to the delicious indulgences of all American diners. By the time they left, Tony was halfway to a food coma and Steve had an arm around him for support, bracing most of his weight as they walked to the car.
“Nope,” Tony assured him without looking away from Steve’s recommendations. “I swallow.”
“Mom?” he asked the void. “You there?”
The candid collection had a special place in his heart, but the posts from events like the Cannes film festival or award ceremonies like the Golden Globes were special, and few and far in between. After all, Google and Getty Images made those professionally orchestrated photos easy to find. But Steve appreciated IBD’s choice to curate posts with the more intimate and less circulated snapshots you couldn’t easily find otherwise, like the instances when Steve’s hand rested a little lower than usual on Tony’s hip, or when Tony had stretched to whisper something in Steve’s ear and a well-timed camera captured that glorious second when Tony’s ass well and truly was the highlight of the evening.
“Just here to snoop around, then?” Tony guessed out loud. He carried the beers to the fridge after plucking two bottles out for them, giving her the time to do a circuit of the open-floor plan.
“In his defense, and I never say that lightly,” Tony replied, as objectively and calmly as he could. “Howard gets enough military funding to support other scientific advancements. I don’t really feel the balance is fair,” he added, “but even at a minimum he’s got a substantial backing for sustainable farming and communication technology.”
, yes!”
“Whatever happens, I want you to know that there’s no-one else I’d want as my partner, Steve. No-one else I’d rather spend my time with—even if, uh. Even if we leave room for Jesus,” he tried to say as diplomatically as possible. “Whatever makes you comfortable, you know? I want that, whatever makes you comfortable.”
“So, in almost every other way, you’re pretty clever,” Clint said after a beat, “but in this you are so wrong that I would laugh if I didn’t think you threw it in her face. Did you even listen her?”
“Steve?” he whispered, but when he squeezed Steve’s hand to get his attention, Steve jerked his hand away like it had been burned.
The freshly-soaked blond grimaced and shook the water off one sleeve, but his frustration seemed to ease away when he finally laid eyes on Tony.
If Steve had any doubts about what to share, they were all forgotten.
If the vest wasn’t fitted to within an inch of his life, Steve would have folded into brace position, cradled his own head, and counted backwards from fifty. He had never felt so humiliated and unwelcome in his life.
I like your style
“What?” he asked, then, preemptively annoyed, he guessed, “you introduced him to Sam first, didn’t you? Damnit, Steve—”
“That’s why he’s got you, isn’t it?” he eventually said. “You can’t blame a parent for getting tunnel vision around their children. I think you just have to be patient and remember that part of your job is to have an eye on the big picture. He’s not the lawyer; you’re the one who can see several steps ahead and see how it will play out. Remind yourself of that, give him space, and you’ll get where you need to be.”
“Lunch was at two,” she told them coolly. “Where were you?”
Steve pursed his lips as he considered the patrol car in much the same way Tony looked at the old death trap tin cans from the 21st that ran on combustion engines and poisonous gasoline. He was determined to give Steve time to adjust, and stepped around to the passenger side while Steve considered his new task. Steve followed suit and squeezed into the car with care.
