He sat against the furniture, the suffering spreading in his whole body. He wrapped his arms around his belly, feeling like it could split in two and his guts and blood would spill on the tiles. His skin was covered of goosebumps but he felt like burning, and suddenly he was shaking uncontrollably. He felt the sobs shaping in his throat, and he didn’t know what was happening, he didn’t know what he had done to deserve that.
Dean thinks he may have found a way to forgive himself, and the winter turned into spring inside his soul. He falls into that kiss, desperated, and it's real. That warmth, these bones, this flesh, they're here and he can hold them, and put them back together, while his own being shines again.
Cas reappeared, a grin on his face. He held out something to Dean and when he lowered his eyes to it, he saw he was holding an old looking gun, with a long, thin barrel and a wooden, carved handle.
He groans and making sure Cas doesn’t wake, he slips off the bed and comes to look by the window, carefully pulling the curtain aside. But there are no blaring sirens, no red and blue lights, only the night. A thin rain is actually falling, finally breaking the suffocating heat of the days before. Far away, thunder growls, lightning ripping through the sky.
“It's a surprise.” She murmurs as she leans to him. She does not touch him, but he still feels the electricity on her lips touching his own, and it is even more intimate than a kiss, a ghostly poison lingering on his mouth. Her fingers brush against his cheek and she steps back, smiling widely. “Now, follow me!” She says.
Dean wants to say something, but the words do not come. What can he tell him? That he does now know if he will survive? Or that maybe the spell will eat his wings whole like a gruesome candy and he will be left like this, unable to fight and live? The curse is definitely getting stronger and burns under his touch. He can already imagine the twisted show Amara prepared for these creatures. Maybe their wings will fall suddenly on the ground in a heap of flesh and feather, maybe they will burst out in the night, maybe a whole pond of worms will eat them from the inside, or maybe the spell would just set fire to them and they will be like martyrs running in circles, ache in all their bones.
The first time he saw Cas' silhouette sitting on the ground, the way something created sparks when his fingers first landed on his shoulder, the blast of light, the wings and eyes and halos and the hand on his cheek, his breath caught by the soft cloud in front of him, the realization, the fear, the guilt and grief, the cold, the feathers on his arm, the feeling nothing will ever be the same.
But then the feeling came back and he was fully awake. It was like a hook stuck in his stomach and someone on the shore was pulling him, drawing blood in the process. The sensation was awful, yet impossible to describe. It just tasted like
The Hounds are coming, the Hunters are ready. They got an insatiable hunger for blood and revenge. Their footsteps resonates in Dean's ears, and a shiver runs down his spine, a cold sweat covers his bare skin. His heart, fragile little bird trapped into a cage of bone, starts beating its wings furiously. He is not afraid, he knows he is bigger than this. But right now, he keeps remembering the hot blow of the bullet, the Hunters' cruel laughs, their deadly weapons shining in the moonlight.
After a moment, he said, “Can I ask you something too?”
Suddenly Castiel's cry stops and so does he. He stands in the middle of the woods, breathless, his hands and knees shaking as he looks around, terrified. He pushes his soul but it's suddenly blocked by a stronger force, a wall of silver and fire stopping him from reaching to Castiel. He lets out a cry of worry and pain and his eyes jump on every light, every leaf, searching for familiar white wings.
Dean holds his breath as if he was underwater. How did it not notice sooner? Why does it feel familiar, soothing and pure and why does his soul shakes and twists like an animal inside him? His head is heavy, his mind calling him back into a dusty, hot fog and instinctively, he wraps his own arms around Castiel, the feathers brushing against his skin, making his whole body shiver violently.
“Yes, really” Cas said, his eyes shining brighter than ever. A little too bright even, as if tiny tears filled them. But there was no sorrow on his face, just pure, astonished joy.
“Dean!” Sam cried and when he ran to Michael, the archangel gave him the same fate, pushing him so hard against the wall Sam fell limp, barely having the strength to raise his head to give his brother a worried look. Castiel shouted Dean’s name, but came tumbling down by Sam’s side the second after, making Dean’s heart stop, ice cold.
"Wake up!" the voices whispers, and there's a cruel laugh into these words.
Every time he had pictured it, the scene had been blurry. He had imagined himself finally admitting what he felt, but couldn’t hear what he said exactly, and Dean’s face had been a ghost’s, shifting between shock and anger and disgust depending on how hard Castiel wanted to suffer in that daydream.
Sam finally came to him a few moments later, and Dean just knew he waited on purpose. He knelt beside him and just said “It’s over, Dean”, and it was over.
“Then how?” Dean insists, feeling desperate.
Dean’s head snaps to his brother, his dead eyes full of despair. “No” he whispers, and his fingers twitch where they grasped Cas’ back a few seconds before. He looks around, beyond terrified.
Something pushing Dean to a real fright at the very idea of causing Cas’ death, or worse, survive but lose him.
“Castiel” she said, voice soft and silky like a river.
She stops and has a little shiver. Dean keeps staring at her, wanting more of the frightening words she's offering. “But nobody saw anything? In years?” He shakes her head, chasing the last remains of fantasy away. He gets up, realizing Sam is probably waiting for him now. “Thanks for warning me, but I think I'll be OK.” he says with a confident smile.
Instead of Rowena’s bright and joyful voice, it’s Castiel’s low and sorrowful one that answers him. “You slowly stops being alive. You become cold and vulnerable, and the spell makes your suffering as unbearable as possible.” He stops, his voice husky, his eyes – these damn green eyes that just aren’t
He fights for a moment against them, clenching his jaw as he sits right on the bed, dark poison flowing free in his veins. The world is spinning fast around him and his vision is blurry, the night tries to take him back into its arms and he is falling into a black lake, cruel waters bubbling under him. He flies away, terrified, before he starts running in the long streets of his head and he turns around, distraught, as the Flood follows him, tiredness making his moves slow and heavy. He shuts his eyes tight, a blow of his grace going off like a bomb inside him, brushing the painful memories away.
Cas stirred by his side to look at him. It was difficult to imagine he had once been an angel, all grace and halos and wrath. He looked so small and vulnerable now that Dean felt a sharp pang in his soul. Truth was, he had never really forgave himself for what he had put Cas through.
Dean opens his mouth to answer before he shuts it, not knowing what to say. He stares at Castiel for a moment, his eyes travelling on the angel's features, as if he was mapping his face in his memory, carving it precisely in his head to never forget it, even if he knows this vision is more precious than gold and he will never let it slip away.
Dean frowns. “What do you mean?”
Amara sat among the trees and some blue feeling wanted to escape her body, but she could not throw it away, like a snake prisoner of its old skin. After centuries of loneliness, she finally had found what she wanted so dearly, and in the blink of an eye, it was gone, vanished, just like powder in the air. She wanted to grieve with them and yet something was keeping her from doing so.
Though he should have known nothing ever lasts forever in the darkness of this world.
It was if the illness had accelerated and came tumbling down when Cas left. His taste had finished to disappear, and slowly he had begun to notice he couldn’t rely on his smell either. It was the same, it came like sleep, very gently and before he knew he would wake up one morning, feeling like his body had been robbed by some evil spirit still living inside of him.
His ears ring, all Heaven and Hell calling him into their arms, ready to rock him with delicate hands, before they throw him into a golden cage and mock him, pointing him with silver swords. “You deserve it!” They would say, laughing, spitting on him, on his hair, in his eyes, and he would step back into a corner, begging them to stop.
Dean gives him a confused look. “Can you be more vague?” he asks, frowning.
The officer screams and the whole world turns black and he feels the flames licking his eye sockets, melting everything in them, and he falls on his knees, the pain unbearable. He throws up on the concrete as he feels the thick, sticky liquid in his orbits running down his face.
He imagines the fire licking his skin, the agony twisting his guts as it dives under the flesh and attacks the bones and muscles, grabs his heart with a steel hand and crushes it. And he knows it’s going to be very long and very painful for death by fire was never a choice of mercy.
Dean’s blood turned cold. His eyes were dark stones when he said, “No, never.”
“Drop that!” one shouts, pointing his own gun at Dean, his fingers white on the trigger. A couple emerges from behind an aisle and they freeze at the sight of the weapon, before they look at Dean, and their hearts stop of dread.
Castiel spent centuries with a faith so strong it blinded him. Sure, the word
It was very faint, really, at first only making him wince of discomfort and then becoming a thin layer of mute static over his ears. He knew it would eventually become worse, and it was scaring him to the deep pit of his bones. He was so afraid of turning into a shell of a human, something that looked like one but was closer to a white ceiling or a cloudless sky. Wide, empty, meaningless without any colors or spark to make it alive.
“We have to try something else.” Aniel says, his wings shivering, the burning wind brushing against them like sandpaper.
. But if you could only remember what you lost-”
He sighed. He stood up slowly, his wings rustling behind him. He caught a glimpse of them in the mirror, only to discover the feathers looked dull and dirty, hanging piteously on the floor.
“We love you too” Dean finally said in one breath, as if it was costing him all his strength to release those words. He had a short sigh afterward, blinked and kept his eyes closed for a little too long.
Dean lowers his eyes to him and see Cas’ ones are freed of the wicked green light, but only to be covered by some milky veil that turns his irises into wide, bright moons.
. Seconds and minutes and days and months, all tainted in pain and fear and hatred, as he slowly unraveled. Thousands of years of divine teaching and holy wars whisked away by one annoying human being, the blood of his own brethren on his hands as proof of this change in him. He had felt this shift like a knife to the heart, a spark and a gust of air that had set his grace ablaze, leaving all the foundations of his being burning.
He feels the pain, the oh so terrible pain that bites his heart voraciously when he sees the dark red flowers blooming among Dean's ribs, and it reminds him of when he rose among that sea of flames and the same black nature wrapped itself around Dean's wrists and ankles, vine and ivy, calling him back into the stomach of the Earth, and this pale little body must return to the ground, it must crawl in the dirt and the moss, it must become a part of this world and not an useless, impure creature bruising the soil that saw its birth. It reminds him of all the black, thick, dripping blood that seemed to swell under them as he was beating his strong wings of darkness, and it reminds him of the same empty look he saw in Dean's faded eyes.
She walks to him and instinctively, he steps back until his spine hits the dirty wall. She tilts her head slightly on her side. “Are you happy now that you are free?” She asks.
“Cas!” he cried, sitting him up to take him against his chest, cradling his face against his neck, his fingers knotted tight in his hair and clothes. “You can’t do that to me now...” he whispered, tears blurring his vision.
Instead he takes a deep breath and melts against the cool wall, trying to take some last sensations in. He dives his face into Cas’ hair again, and the cold feeling pulling him to the angel shouts of glory. He sighs and as the world is getting slower around him, he puts a hard kiss on the top of Cas’ head, which sends a sharp burn in his stomach.
Sam observes the scene, amused, before he clears his throat, making their heads turn to him. “Maybe you could go for a shower now? It’s starting to be late now, and I guess we will all just get something to eat and turn in for the night. Just take the time to enjoy it, OK?” he says, giving Cas a gentle look.
Flashes of the night where he found Aniel's motionless body resurface in Castiel's mind and he is moved by a wave of disgust and grief. He cannot help but remember those tattered feathers scattered all across the dirty floor, the blood spurting like a fountain, the last scream of his brother distorting his features. He remembers digging the grave in the soft soil, and burying the broken body among the moss and soft grass, he remembers his tears and his despair. Castiel shakes his head and shivers. “I understand.” He says, folding his own wings a bit tighter.
But it doesn’t listen, never listens, and it pushes the light back into its skull, and it’s drowned into the abyss, having a last cry for its bright sun whose eyelashes are just starting to flutter open.
Dean can feel the sting of all the words left unsaid, swarming on his tongue until it’s heavy of regret. He can feel a hot red emotion bubbling in his chest, torn apart by blue, striated of pain. He doesn’t need it anymore, this feeling that ate his guts and heart and lungs for so many years, and yet, it’s still there, pulsing like a dying animal behind his ribs, weeping in the dark.
The sky has a shiver, a convulsion, and the shock wave makes the pines bend and break with gruesome sounds. The cloud seems to grow and grow like a voracious creature that eats the darkness with hungry mouthfuls. It becomes darker in the center, swirling and hot, a burning wind brushing over them, feeling like invisible lava flowing lazily on their skin. The air is dry, fizzing in their throats as their lungs are set on fire. The cloud melts and shapes into a wide shroud thrown above the city, a flat disk spinning with the most atrocious melody. Shrieks shake the afternoon, piercing Dean's head to the brain, diving claws into his temples. He stumbles back, fear rising inside him like a sea. The disk is still turning, imperturbable, the edges made of sharp smokes. The center is a ball of white light, flashing silver and gold, throwing sparks around.
“What?” Sam screams in a whisper.
Dean sighs deeply and leans his head against the soft leather of the couch in a way he's both comfortable and able to watch over Castiel. Even if he's exhausted, he doesn't think he will sleep with all the emotions that are still shaking him.
It’s the hollow nest in your chest, the empty cave in your skull, the silent rivers in your veins. It’s all that used to be loud and is now silent, all that used to love and is now cold and broken.
Feeling him shaking against his ribs, Dean clenches his jaw, overwhelmed by the power of his emotions. “Shit, Cas.” He mutters behind his teeth, his fingers tangled in Castiel's raven hair. “I'm so sorry.” He says, not really knowing about what. Or maybe it is about everything. Sorry for hurting him, leaving him, disappointing him, making false promises, breaking them, and loving him every damn day he spent on this Earth.
Castiel turned and his heart missed a tiny beat when he saw the fair in the distance. Just from where he was, he could see several attractions spinning in the air like great blades cutting the sky open, casting hundreds of bright colors around.
Before Dean can even realize, Castiel is leaving.
The angel gives him a miserable look as he tries to sit straighter, his back against the smooth wall. Sweat is covering is skin, giving him a sick glow that doesn’t mean anything good.
“I know” the angel answers as if it was the most normal thing in the Universe, to die because of a friend. “Besides, there are worse ways to die” he adds, with a very discreet curve of his mouth.
“Cas” Dean insisted, all his mind pushing against Cas’. “I can’t lose you. And I wouldn’t forgive myself if we died together because of me.”
Cas had to bite his tongue not to turn back and take Dean against him, hold him tight, chasing his fears through kisses and lullabies.
He felt so terribly wrong, because he realized how he had found someone that fitted with him like the missing piece of a puzzle, and now he had lost him. He was probably gone forever, and Dean could totally understand if he was fueled by a fury like lightning in the skies. After all, he was a celestial creature, and the way Dean, a simple human, had talked to him had probably angered him for centuries.
Dean lowered his head, focusing on the bowl of icing. For a moment, he said nothing, only put a few drops of food coloring in it, watching the white turn into blue, pink, yellow.
“I had other things to think about.” Dean answers softly, giving Lazarus a caress on the head. He is now feeling the dark energy moving under the animal's skin, something he ignored before, thinking it was his mind playing tricks to him.
“No, really?” Dean cuts him, before Cas’ glare makes him quiet.
Dean frowns and makes a step closer, his soul flowing like a river around the angel. “You didn't give up on me. You put yourself in danger and now you're paying the price in blood.” He shakes his head, desperate. “I'm the one who should be paying it!
He knew he would miss the very sound of Cas. His low, soft voice resonating like slow thunder in the distance, his steps barely brushing the wooden floor, his sunshine laugh, his slow hum to the radio. So he enjoyed every little moment and took each little sound close to his heart, putting them into little boxes where they’d be safe, where he could listen to them again and again in his mind.
“Dean,” Castiel starts with a desperate voice. “Even if he'd come, you couldn't do anything.” He makes a step closer, piercing Dean's bubble. “I already crashed in your life for too long. I can't ask for more.”
The slap he gets as an answer nearly knocks him to the ground. It’s a sharp blow with the palm flat against his cheek, and all the angel’s contempt and hatred flows from his hand to Dean’s skull.
.” Ezekiel's wings has a small, almost sad beat. “We have to make it stop now, it is our duty to this world. If he is alive, the price is too great to be paid, the chaos is always there at the end of the line.”
Swallowing back the bile rising in his throat, he now steps slowly to one of the bodies, only to see the chest wide open like a blooming flower, petals of flesh breathing into the cold winter air, guts like long gruesome ribbons of silk.
He has few memories left of his past, and even fewer he can hold in his hands, but this it. He has to get the car back, make Sam see it. Yes, his brother did not feel the same adoration towards it, but it holds so much of their past. The car is full of whispers and laughs, scents and visions. Maybe it would trigger something in Sam's blurry mind. Dean lays on his back, arms crossed under his head.
The demon stares at him, unblinking and the rage seems to rise inside his terrible eyes. “Do you know what I hate most about humans?” he asks, and he gets even closer, not caring one second about the blade raised towards him, “Their lies.”
''But I have one condition.'' Castiel adds.
But God did it feel the same in his belly, knotted with dread and acid.
What he does not know, is that angels have that strange ability to shed tears in the most perfect silence, even in the most painful times.
But his dread is soon replaced by this peculiar sensation of both pure black fear and bright blush wonder when Jack speaks again.
He clapped his back gently, having a tiny confused smile. “Hey, what’s going on Sammy?” he said and Sam felt so small against him, like a broken little creature.
Both his brother and Cas are alive.
He once read something that turned his mind upside down. It was on Sam's computer, on a white, serious page which read:
And if Dean stood a little second admiring him, he soon realized his brother was still standing there, mouth half open of shock, incapable of uttering a sound or moving his hands in any way.
The drive is silent. Dean's eyes are on the road, and Castiel is drowsing silently, his head on Dean's shoulder.
It all starts with a heavy sob, just a little cry that bursts from his chest. And then it goes off like a firework, like a bomb behind his ribs and tears start pouring down, crashing onto the ground like acid rain.
Not bothering about the shock, Dean gives him a look like a storm. “Seriously? Where have you been?” he says, his breaths short and his palms slightly shaking.
A man with blonde hair is walking to him, black wings half opened behind him, and Castiel can only see their tips as white as snow in the darkness of the evening. He narrows his eyes. “Aniel?” He whispers as he gets up, watching the celestial apparition with a heart starting to beat faster.
“Sorry.” Dean says as he gives him an apologetic look. “It’s already kicking” he adds.
Castiel can’t help but smile at him. “You’re worried” he says, staring at Dean’s wide eyes and trembling hands and shaking lungs.
“He brought you back to me.” Castiel answers softly, a hand running through Dean's short hair. “I think this is what you could call a miracle.”
Castiel takes a deep breath, his grace snakes around his bones, already healing the wounds opening again in his veins. “The reason I fell...” He stops, the tears, the traitors, the executioners coming to his eyes. “Saving you from Hell was only the beginning of my fall. I was cast out of Heaven right after you came back to life.”
Dean moves behind him, and he stands in front of him, next to Charlie. “What is she talking about?” He asks, his soul lost in confusion.
''I'm sorry Dean, I didn't mean to...''
“The spell was too strong, and we stayed for too long. It could have killed us.” He says, still trying to calm his breathing.
“I didn't want to. I wanted to sell it, or burn it, or whatever.” Dean answers, his heart aching. He now realizes how much he would have regret it. “I didn't think I'd see it again.”
“I don't care.” Dean says, his eyes darkening. “It's my responsibility to save him, not yours.”
And then he heard his name shouted in his skull and he turned around, still stunned, to see Cas staring at him, light racing through his veins, fluorescent under his skin.
All his limbs are shivering, his head is heavy and he has hard time keeping his eyes on the silhouettes around him. He blinks and he sees Mary, her short blonde hair around her face, her stare dark and worried. He blinks again and he sees Sam, pain spread all across his features and he sees in his troubled irises he’s searching for a solution, a cure,
“You won’t believe me if I told you” he murmurs, all the world darkening around them, only leaving Cas and his grace to his sight.
Castiel escaped Michael’s attention and ran to Dean, kneeling to him, his eyes wider and bluer than usual. “Dean” he said, ripping Dean’s eyes from his brother. “I will buy you and Sam some time. Run away while you still can.”
But his stomach truly hurts and he feels hollow inside. He looks around, but his bag has apparently been taken away, and so he winces and sits more comfortably against a wood beam, fists still clutching his sides.
disappeared, he flew without being careful and now every speck of his grace regrets it. When he fell, his wings were the last thing he had, but now that he feels like he hit the hard ground once again, he has nothing to hold onto anymore.
Castiel turns back. “I've seen worse.” He says with a smile, and Dean blinks, confused.
Dean's eyes traveled all along their little group and they finally fall on Castiel. When he sees his angel again, he tries to move, tries to get away from Amara's grip. He shakes and struggles like a madman, his soul rising and crashing again and again in black waves against Amara, who barely blinks when the poison falls on her. She just gives him a disappointed pout before she pushes him and he falls hardly on the cold ground with a painful sob. His limbs tremble and he starts crawling away from her, tears of agony rolling down his cheeks. Castiel suddenly knows Amara did more harm to him than he can see.
''Can I ask you something?''
“Yes” Cas answered without hesitation. “I hurt, but I will heal. And do you know how?” he asked, and Dean shook his head. “Because you’re with me. And now I will live knowing I saved you, that I brought you back to me. And that’s just enough.”
Behind him, amazing, wonderful, dreadful shreds of darkness move softly into the wind. His eyes fall on Dean and he swallows hardly. He walks to the door.
“Yes” Cas said, staring at him unblinking “I want you to stop worrying, just for this evening. To enjoy your night out without thinking about anything else.”
“You know,” he said, his hands translating at the same time to keep Dean in the conversation, “I’ve been dreaming about angels and monsters my whole life. I was so sure there was something else in the world, something we humans couldn’t see. Everyone thought I was too crazy or too dreamy, so I stopped talking about it. But…” His lips drew in a smile. “Now, I’m glad to know my dreams weren’t in vain.” His eyes briefly flickered with pain. “And my dad used to believe in that kind of stuff too, and he wasn’t a good dad for sure, but I’m glad he was right about one thing in the end.”
Dean blinks, unable to think. He looks at Sam. “But how?”
She gave him a pitiful look. “Really?” she said, before he eyes dropped on Dean’s asleep silhouette behind Cas. “You do know I can smell death, right? And, I can assure you, that this boy reeks of it from miles.”
As he turns around and throws some different herbs in the bowl, Dean observes how his wings fold neatly behind his back, shifting so he is never bothered by them. He holds them high enough for them not to hang on the floor, but their tip almost touches the dust. Dean notices for the first time they are made of different kinds of feathers: at the top, they are small and downy, and they get larger and smoother as Dean's eyes fall on their extremities. Then, they become long and sharp like swords, shiny under the pale light, turning dark blue under the morning's caress.
“What?”
Castiel sighed, turning his attention back to driving, not answering until he was pulling them back into traffic. “You would have needed to use the time anyway. If you need to, might as well be for something like this. Next week he’ll put you on paperwork and things that don’t require the use of your bad arm or leg.”
“Then I’ll get more than one. I’ll also see if they have chicken pot pie, maybe quiche.”
Bess reached over, putting a hand on Garth’s arm and giving it a squeeze. “If you haven’t convinced him yet, I don’t think you will now.” After a beat she added, “It’s not like he’ll be able to make this mistake twice.”
"You are. But you would not share my forced exile, and at eighteen you'd be considered an adult. At that point you'd all be free to make your own choices. I won't influence you either way. If you chose to live among humans you may, if you wish to return I won't stop you. Regardless of what choice you make you're still my children and I will always love you. This life will be new, different, but not bad. I wouldn't have made this decision otherwise."
Castiel inclined his head, accepting the false praise, and strode out before he was tempted to end the traitor right then. Uriel had too many connections, he was too political, you couldn’t just stab someone like that and explain later. Tempting though it might be.
“How come?”
“Agreed.”
When Dean did get the door open he shouldered his way through, glancing around. "Cas?"
He could have done without walking in on them having carnal knowledge of each other, though. What if it had been one of the children? But they did start locking doors after that.
“Um, hello,” he intoned, inclining his head towards the camera.
“Any objections I might have had were kindly removed today. Would you mind helping them pack? If left to their own devices they’ll just wad everything up in their trunks.”
That made the Beta hesitate. "No."
Sam was sitting in another chair facing their prisoner, gun resting lazily in one hand, eyes regarding the shorter Alpha. He looked calm, so did Dean, who was leaning against the table, a beer dangling from one hand. Neither of their mates were fooled. Both were royally pissed, and the only reason this person was still alive was simply due to the fact he was human.
“I want to.”
"Leave him alone," Sam protested.
“’Would you be willing to try on a straitjacket for $100?’ This sounds like a dare.”
The smile she gave him was downright predatory. “You’re good,” she purred. “You made me drop my gun.”
“Come on, Cas, a series could be fun.”
"You are my younglings. I will not leave you. And I think you'll like Dean. He's a good man."
Claire raised her eyebrows, lowering her phone. “What are you talking about?”
“Too secluded.”
“Cas, give her the apple.”
“How could he not? With all those tattoos and piercings? It’s a travesty.”
The Alpha barely spared him a glance as he pulled out onto the road, heading for the main highway. "This ain't on you, Cas."
Dean, who was taking a swig of scotch straight from the bottle, paused to frown at his brother. “Shift?” he repeated. “Sammy, I didn’t shift.”
Castiel cleared his throat. "Sam, this is my cousin. Gabriel. Gabriel, this is my mate's little brother."
“If I tend to such things now, there will be no distractions later.”
“We’ve never met in person, Dean Winchester.”
“Yours-yours to do with as you wish, Alpha,” the dragon whimpered. “Love it when you fuck me, when you breed me. Love being filled with your seed, feeling your kit grow inside me. Please…Alpha, my love, my mate, give me another kit.”
“Right.” Dean kissed him one more time, then slid his hands under the Omega’s thighs, sliding him back a little. “Can you do hands and knees?”
More than once, Castiel found himself wishing Dean had been there for all his pregnancies. He was also baffled as to just why his people wanted them that sired their younglings as far away as possible during these times. Yes they were more vulnerable, but he never felt unsafe around Dean. Never felt threatened. He was protected, loved, and when he reached the approximate size of a blimp, waited on hand and foot. Well, he was waited on as much as he would allow before that, but at that stage he gave up protesting and embraced it.
“Why not?”
"I'll tell Garth and Jody, they'll spread the word. Unless something hits close to home, this is my last hunt."
“Agreed. But the fact is I did tell you. When you asked just what kind of a name was Castiel I explained that it was the name of an angel and my father was a theology professor.”
“Good big,” Papa said carefully. “Remember how you said I was starting to smell different?”
My story for this year's Dean/Cas Big Bang, it was a delight to be involved, and I hope it's as much fun to read as it was to write.
“Dean! Dean, come here!” His voice broke as he lurched through the kitchen, making for the stairs. His husband met him at their base, a worried look on his face, apparently having heard the tone in his shout.
He frowned thoughtfully, counting backwards. "I believe I'm a hundred and fifty-nine years old. Mother didn't keep track of the years, but she did remember I was born a year before the American Civil war began. It was beneficial to maintain an awareness of human conflicts."
No, no it didn’t matter. None of it did. He was no Archangel, even if he had a notion he couldn’t indulge in such dalliances. He would follow through on his initial plan, he would heal Dean, then leave the matter to Gabriel.
“Good. ‘M proud of you, Cas.”
"Isn't that one of the traditional traits your human Omegas look for in a mate? The ability to provide?"
“A lot of stuff I say? There’s a slight whistle as it goes over your head.”
What the hell was he doing? As soon as he knew this Omega was a dragon he should have killed him. Shot a crossbow bolt dipped in siren blood through his chest and called it a day. Admittedly the human form thing was new, but he'd handled new before easily enough.
“Aside from him.”
Charlie urged.
Dean snorted. “By the time it was sealed, yeah. I didn’t care. I didn’t regret it. Still don’t, I guess.”
"He drugged you, Cas. He stuffed you into his trunk. What's his name, Chet? Chet deserved a hell of a lot more than a twenty foot drop into deep water."
“Not what I asked, Cas.”
He scratched his head, rattling off names as best he could remember. They really did sound random when you said them out loud. Dean didn’t interrupt him, until he got to the end.
Eventually he got them both scrubbed, dried, and back into clothes. Only then did they slowly go back downstairs, Castiel double checking that all the lights were out and his note was on the kitchen counter as Dean took his bags out to the car. The Omega was locking the front door behind him as Dean slammed the trunk shut, walking away from the house he'd grown up in without looking back.
“I was afraid of this,” Naomi bit out. “You were lost the moment you laid a hand on him.”
“Besides Mom.”
“Oh, ye of frigging little faith,” he drawled, lips curling in a relieved smile.
Castiel inclined his head, relieved to see her turn away. He hadn’t lied, but he worried that the more he spoke the closer he toed the line of truth and lie. Never mind their parenting choices had been a chief argument point since he’d been pregnant with Balthazar.
“That actually works, people will trade more modern currency for older currency.” Gabriel clapped him on the shoulder, grinning. “Have fun. Use Alfie again if need be, but I’ll be keeping tabs on things here. Hopefully there won’t be a need to make contact until you get him patched up.”
Dean only left what was needed plugged in to slog through homework, after which he even unplugged his router. He set an alarm on his phone for the morning, took more than the recommended dose of Tylenol, downed double the recommended dose of melatonin, and shot gunned four glasses of cheap tequila.
Dean’s breath hitched. They weren’t a guarantee outside of heats, but if an Alpha was hot enough and came enough it could happen, if only with their mate. However long it’d been since they’d been intimate, it had been much longer since he’d had Castiel’s knot.
“Nah. You’re cute when you’re worried.”
“Do that and I’m putting your search history on a billboard.”
"Pour some on your hand."
He didn’t
“Considering how often I have to get up early I like to sleep when I can,” Castiel defended.
“That’s alright,” Castiel assured him.
“And what?”
Castiel tilted his head.
“Nice to know your aim is still true,” he mused, stepping further inside and closing the door at his back.
It had been very good spaghetti, in truth. And Dean’s logic was sound. He still had to check in with their healer before he went on patrol.
“I’m not sure what mine was,” Castiel admitted.
When he didn’t respond, she sighed heavily.
Charlie worried her lip, glancing back as Samandriel finally caught up to them in the thin layer of snow
The wings themselves were a bit tender at times, but no longer sore. It got to where he tended to forget they were even there. When he did remember, they seemed less and less foreign. Every day they responded smoother, faster, to whatever it was he wanted them to do. He still knocked lamps over, still brushed stuff off counters, but it wasn’t as bad as it had been. Not that he’d ever tell Sam as much. His brother was the one who’d suggested practicing to start with. While he wouldn’t give Sam the satisfaction directly, he seemed to notice the change when he came by over the weekend, Eileen in tow. While she did bring a freshly baked apple pie, it was a blatant bribe to get a closer look at his wings. Dean might have grumbled more, especially when she found a loose feather to pluck, but
“If at all possible. It’s one of the perks of texting.”
The Angel did want to stay. He
Dean laughed, joining him on the opposite bank. “That sounds about right. How come you never told me?”
Smiling tiredly Castiel set the note down and walked towards their bedroom. A part of him wanted to stay up, but it had been a very long day and he was tired. Not to mention he had to be at work again by seven. He could talk to them about it in the morning if need be, and there was no doubt in his mind both brothers would need to talk to someone after this. Considering their adamant insistence they were fine, Sam and Dean alike used him as a sounding board. Castiel didn't mind. He liked being useful. He just hoped that was what he'd been tonight, that John Winchester would leave this world with some semblance of a relationship with his sons. Or at least that Dean and Sam wouldn't have any regrets when their father met his end. Even he deserved that much.
“Fine. Here,” Dean huffed, handing him the paper. “Last question.”
“True,” Meg affirmed, toasting the phone with her new glass.
Dean shut the door once they were inside, closing out the chill. “Yeah, we’re kinda boring that way.”
The Alpha threw Baby into park once they were in a far-flung space of a Target parking lot, turning to face him. Castiel seemed to hesitate, then slowly reached out to cup the Omega’s face in his hands. He leaned in, resting their forehead together, brushing Dean’s lips with his own tenderly.
“Come on, why not?” Sam whined, trailing him to the kitchen. “I already packed, and I’ve got homework I can do, and- “
"Don't get out much, huh?"
He did fetch the Thai food, as promised. But he blamed habit when he got enough for two of them. After he’d eaten he would leave. He didn’t fancy the idea, but he also didn’t feel comfortable hanging around after what had happened. Something he found himself regretting, which he then scolded himself for. He should not enjoy the company of a Demon, and yet…he did. This was doubly bad considering there weren’t that many Angels whose company he genuinely enjoyed.
Both adults stared at him, but before Castiel could compile a remark Dean managed a, "What?"
Two months after first walking through the gates, Castiel stood in the same spot, taking in the sight of his new home. Every wall was intact, the ceilings and roofs were well fortified, the stable was waterproofed, and everything had hearty fireproofing spells laid down. Dean had converted the smithy into a space to maintain and forge Slayers tools, the walls were lined with pegs to store his weapons, the shelves lined with vials and boxes of supplies. Silver in various forms, vials of various types of blood, holy water, salt, among others. He’d also taken over the kitchen, which Castiel was more than happy to hand over. He was more interested in stowing his horde in the basement and building his own workshop in the top floor of the tower.
Papa waved him away, clearing his throat. “I’m fine,” he said, coughing into his fist. “We wanted to see if you were okay, after what happened today.”
“And they’re gone.” Sam looked from him to where he’d apparently last seen his wings, gears churning. Dean was too tired to think much, shoulders slumping, but he could see his brother trying to connect dots. “Are they…I think I’m only seeing them when you’re focusing on them.”
“Why? I thought you tried to ignore that.”
“My morning or your morning?”
“Yahtzee.”
Magic rippled at her back as Uncle Gabriel put up a shield, apparently not having noticed she’d moved away from him, right as Grandmother’s spell hit Mom’s own shield.
Castiel was faintly aware of the finishing guitar solo in the background as Dean countered, “Not really in the mood for that one. What about…that thing we did when you brought me that one Zep album?”
“How did you find me?”
believe he was doing what was best, and he was better at keeping up with his medication than Dean himself.
“Damn it, Cas, it only happened once. It was an honest mistake.”
“That happy, proud smile I really like seeing on you,” Dean hummed into his skin.
Bela didn't look like she believed her, but went back over to where her friends were. When Hazel had told Dad about them, he'd called them groupies. Papa hadn't approved, but once the definition was provided she thought it was accurate.
"You're a hunter, you can't walk away from the life. It never works."
“Shut up,” Dean grumbled, shrugging him off.
“I was nineteen, Sammy was seventeen. Charlotte was sixteen, protestant, had bright red hair, and she liked ladies. Adam was only ten, not that they’d care. There was one shot we had, at getting out. Just get across a river and we could make a break for a big city with ships going far away. It’d be tough, we’d have to stow away, but it was a shot. So I found a crossroads. I made a deal, said that motherfucker could have my soul if he could guarantee safe passage for them.
“Pet her neck, let her get used to you. Atta boy.”
Ellen glanced out the kitchen window. Castiel followed her gaze in time to see Dean swing Samandriel up to sit on his shoulders. Turning back to him, she stated, “Treat our boy right and we won’t have a problem. Now, you talked about names yet?”
“You- why haven’t you been answering your phone? Who is this? Is he an angel? Was Bobby right? Were those wings? Why did he have six? What was that knife made of?”
Initially Dean thought he was finally losing his mind. He stumbled through his daily routine in something of a daze, trying not to panic. No one else heard anything, and at this point he was afraid to ask. Hearing voices was a guaranteed one-way trip to the nearest loony bin, which he wasn’t about to risk. Instead he added ‘ignoring the voices’ to his list of things to cope with.
Castiel lifted his head enough to offer a weak smile. “I know.”
Samandriel patiently counted to ten, giving them a chance to give each other a once-over. Before he needed prompting, Gadreel broke eye contact first, inclining his head. “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Winchester. Samandriel has spoken often of you.”
is reminiscent of a feline’s death wail.”
“Plasma mixed with holy oil. I like the effects.”
His head snapped up as his hand jerked, and Castiel cursed softly as he set aside his measuring cup rather than disrupt the spell he was working on.
Dean crawled over the Omega as soon as they were on it, head dropping to devour his mouth all over again, one leg hitching up around his waist, a hand running through his hair as the other clung to his shoulders. However innocent he'd behaved before, Castiel was as eager as he was.
“That was the most PG question they had,” Dean protested. “And it was one of the most popular ones. Come on, it’s just kissing. They do it in Disney movies.”
“So, what is that, like the vampire zone diet?”
“I understand your reservations, but this was not a decision we made lightly. I’d like to take this time get to know you. Assuage concerns, if possible.”
Her parents exchanged a look. It was Dad who said, “Uh, I don’t think that’s how it works, kiddo.”
Dean turned to stare at him blankly, then jerked back from the stove with a curse, shaking the hand that had gotten burned by grease when he’d paused in the middle of turning bacon. “What are you, a robot?” he asked absently, hands going back into motion.
Castiel had never thought much of Valentine’s day. One of those human holidays whose rise to fame was primarily funded by greeting card companies. But Dean had a sappy side, which he found adorable. During his most recent visit, a week after the introduction of Samandriel, Dean had promised he’d make it worth the Omega’s while if he’d come visit him on the fourteenth. It was on a Thursday this year, and Castiel obligingly avoided work days, but Dean insisted so he promised.
“Let’s start here.”
“’Pleasant’, just
Whatever he’d expected, it wasn’t to find Gabriel leaning against a nearby tree, munching on one of those triangular candy bars. He gave a start when he saw the elder Angel essentially pop into existence after he touched down, especially since he hadn’t sensed anyone. It was reinforcement of his notion that Archangels weren’t among those you wanted to irk.
"No, I won't." Still clutching his honey, the Omega moved to stand behind Sam. He lifted his chin stubbornly, glaring at John. "I don't understand. This is a big opportunity. How can you ask him to give it up for selfish reasons?"
"Damn it, Sammy."
“Oh.” Looking down at his coat, Castiel admitted, “It is clean.”
“When have I done that since?” Dean protested.
“Scary.” Dean gave a mock shiver, wiggling his fingers before he snatched up his jeans.
That wasn’t counting all the doting his Alpha did. He rubbed his aching feet and swelling ankles, fetched ice cream or burritos at all hours of day and night, brushed off any abrupt eruptions of temper that the Omega usually regretted later, made him his favorite foods on request. Despite Castiel feeling like the least attractive thing on the planet the farther along he got, Dean somehow remained enamored with him. The Alpha still kissed him, still cuddled on the couch with him, even found the most comfortable ways of being intimate with him. This got a bit trickier towards the end, but they managed.
This seemed to give the phoenix some degree of amusement. “Shouldn’t you be a little more worried right now?” He looked at the dragon he stood next to, jerking a thumb in Dean’s direction. “He does know he’s about to die, right?”
To make things worse, this was when Bela came over. Hazel didn't like Bela. She was mean, and Dad said you weren't supposed to start fights. It was okay to finish them, in fact he'd promised ice cream if she did, but never was she to start them. Unfortunately Bela threw words, not fists, so she hadn't gotten to punch her yet.
“Hang on, has this happened before?”
“It is my name. I’d appreciate it if you would bother to finish it.”
It took a second to process that, though it got easier with his headache’s initial pounding retreating. Unwilling to question his good fortune, Dean frowned up at his brother and demanded, “What? What’re you doing here, anyway?”
“Please sit back down,” he sighed, cutting Meg off. “I think there’s been a misunderstanding. You watch Dean’s channel, correct?”
Dean rolled his eyes in exasperation, passing him the notebook sheet of written questions. “First one, Cas.”
Dean was slowly making his way towards the car, a somewhat weary look on his face. "How am I doing so far?"
The Omega had left his boots in his cave, liking the feeling of wet grass swishing around his feet. He'd opted to leave his long coat in the cave, enjoying the warm summer air. While many of the southern cultures he'd visited were practical, his home country was not. But then that was a perk of solitude. There was no one to cry indecency as he walked barefoot through a damp forest clad only in loose cotton pants and a short-sleeved tunic. Oh how he missed the jungles of Afri, where he could go shirtless when the sun didn't threaten to burn his flesh.
Tonight would be the latter, he knew. Even before Dean tipped his chin up, brushing their lips together and murmuring gently, “No honey tonight.”
For years they simply hadn’t had the resources. Neither he nor Dean wanted to try starting a family if they were still building their careers and struggling to make rent. They’d gotten a house, gotten good work in Sioux Falls, settled down. About the time they got to where they could consider such things was when Dean discovered YouTubing. Then they’d just always been busy, then John had showed up…they weren’t exactly getting any younger, he knew. He didn’t want to be retirement age and still have kids in college. He had no more excuses.
“Not that kind of flexibility,” Dean protested, cheeks going pink. “I meant like lifestyle, mentally, stuff like that.”
Uriel was already nodding. “If the Knight is downed, this will make him easier to find.”
"Damn it Dean," the Alpha growled, slamming his door.
So he hadn’t failed? Did that mean his genuineness balanced out his lack of skill? It was a hope he clung to. “I put a lot of effort into not being fake. Unless it’s a case of survival.”
Considering he’d been counting down the days to his birthday, and how many scenarios he’d dreamed up over the years, this was most definitely
you get these?"
It looked as though Castiel’s calm fed the flames of Naomi’s rage as much as his actual words. Charlie glanced sideways as Uncle Gabriel let go of her, grabbing Balthazar’s elbows as her brother tried to move forward. He looked worried, so was she. Even Samandriel looked uneasy. Grandmother was obviously angry, very angry. Angier than Charlie had ever seen anyone. Well, except for Mom right now, whose whole body was coated in dancing cobalt fire. Despite his calm words, he was a volcano ready to go off at a moment’s notice.
“Don’t push your brother,” Lucifer called, frowning.
“In my office.”
“You do like your classics.”
“’What are your hobbies?’. Um, I enjoy bees.”
Benny exchanged a look with Dean, who gave a faint nod and set down his primary weapon, drawing out a smaller blade. “Alright, you ready? Just like we talked about.” He rolled up the sleeves over his left arm, baring his forearm and making a cut across the middle.
“Would you kindly resume?”
"You ask a lot of questions."
A hand stroked through his hair as the Omega caught the base of his hard cock, wrapping his lips around its head. He hummed softly, probing the slit with his tongue before slowly sliding down its length. Dean groaned low in his throat, his scent musky and heady in the Omega’s nose. Considering how adamant his people were about such things, about how unpleasant and degrading they were, Castiel found he rather enjoyed it. Enjoyed tasting Dean, having him in his mouth, giving him such pleasure. Particularly when Dean had no compunction about returning the favor.
“I didn’t!”
“Thank you for the interruption,” he drawled, blade falling into his palm. “I could use the exercise.” Perhaps killing a few Demons would clarify things for his instincts.
“Yes.”
"Barely. Doctor's said he was just eight weeks along, didn't stop it from being messy when he lost it. Figured it was the life that did it. The pills, the liquor, doubt getting thrown halfway across that house by a spirit helped either."
Dean ignored Benny’s urging, focusing on easing the thick volume into a cloth bag, which he then slid into his backpack. He zipped it up as quietly as was physically possible, then took the penlight from his mouth as he shouldered it. He didn’t bother locking the case back, though he did pause to lock the main door into the room it was in. The old collector who owned this place wasn’t due back for some time, and Dean doubted this would be the first place he would check. You could see the book was gone easily enough, there wasn’t a point to locking the case back, but if the door was unlocked someone might notice sooner.
"Some folks don't want to wait around for their people to die before they do something." He handed the Omega the flask, ordering, "Open it."
It didn't take very long for Castiel to know the breeding had been successful. He'd already had three children, at this point he simply
Resting a comforting hand on the Omega's arm, Dean turned to face them. "The dragon isn't a threat to you," he called, the babble of questions falling silent as he spoke. "They never were. But they're leaving the area anyway."
“Commander,” Hannah protested. “What is this?”
“You sure this is the one you’ve been looking for?” Benny asked as they headed back into Lawrence.
Dean emerged, wide smile spreading across his face. Though he knew his parents were both very mortal, it still stung each time he remembered time was that much closer to taking them away. Even so, he was happy to see him again. Dean’s face was more weathered than it’d been twenty years ago, more crows feet fanning around his eyes, but he wasn’t exactly slowing down. He’d even kept his denim and flannel over the years.
Dean was very proud of how well Castiel was doing, especially when he proceeded to recite the entire exorcism perfectly. Both he and Sam had worked with him for days until he could say it in his sleep. His Omega didn't crumble under John's scrutiny, remaining respectful but unwavering. It was better than Dean could have done. Alphas, even young ones, tended to bristle at a challenge. It might throw things off to bring an Omega with them, Dean knew, but he refused to leave him behind. Besides, there could be some benefits too.
Dean glared at him, then bit into the jerky. Castiel smiled, leaving him to gnaw on that as he went back to his book. He nibbled on a few M&M’s, but left most of the snacking to Dean.
The library itself turned out to be a slight disappointment. Dust covered more books than not, and from what he could tell it was only manned by an elder Beta and his young apprentice. At least neither minded when they took a look around, Dean wandering after his mate as Castiel dived gleefully into the shelves. It didn’t take him long before he had several stacks set aside on one of the reading tables. There wasn’t room for them to take the books as they were now, Impala was already carrying two riders, but Dean had promised to get whatever he wanted sent to their new home. As long as they crated them before they left, he had several contacts willing to ship it for him.
Rather than answer, Dean dug his fingers into the Angel’s shoulder muscles. There was more there, what with their wings. Castiel honestly hadn’t thought about how stiff they might be until Dean set them to task. He worked them with fingers and knuckles until the muscles began to loosen, then switched to pushing them out with the heels of his hands. Castiel felt himself melting under surprisingly skilled hands, lids fluttering shut as the initial pain faded.
When Dean’s head snapped up to stare at his brother, Sam was glaring at their adopted father. “Thanks,” he deadpanned, making a face.
The kids had hurried upstairs, eager to start now that they’d finally been given permission to start packing. As soon as they were out of sight Dean jerked around, and to Castiel’s shock slammed a fist into a doorjamb. He jumped, staring at the seething Alpha. Gabriel tensed up, but Castiel waved him away.
“Little?” the boy demanded incredulously, poking his head around the doorframe. “You’re joking, right? He’s a moose.”
“Where’s Cas?” he asked, shuffling over to pour himself some coffee. There was indeed food on the table still, which at this point didn’t even surprise him. Scrambled eggs, bacon, and pancakes.
Scowling, Dean snatched the paper back. “’Who’s better at keeping secrets?’”
“Really?”
“You’ve tried to kill me, and now Gabriel. You’ve proven yourself capable of prolicide. I won’t risk you harming my family further.”
“Because she’s trained that way. I can’t have just anybody trying to ride off on her.”
being rude? Mind your manners while the adults are talking.”
“I wasn’t stupid about it. I was bored. Jeez, relax, would you.”
“You mean witch up a new roof for Baby? Hell no. Have at it.”
He was surprised when Dean didn't lift the crossbow again. "Since when can dragons look human?"
“How the hell is it you can only see them when I try to move them?” Dean bit out, letting them droop.
“No, mate,” the dragon whimpered. “Please don’t stop. Need more, need
For their part, when they weren’t running after the younglings, Castiel liked to think he and Dean had a happy life. As soon as he stopped nursing he had one last heat, for the lone purpose of mating the Alpha officially. It was hardly perfect, they had more than one knock-down-drag-out fight, but they always made it work. Eventually. It helped a little when he discovered what modern humans called ‘makeup sex’. At least that aspect of their relationship didn’t often suffer.
"I couldn't bring myself to hurt you," Castiel answered honestly. "As I said, I already have three children. It was not a hardship to kill their fathers but....with you it was impossible. It's not something I've experienced before."
“The sad part is, that ain’t even the worst of it,” Dean admitted.
"What are you then? And what do you mean mostly human? You look human enough to me."
Castiel hung up, setting their hunter line back on its high shelf. He ripped off the sheet of paper, folding it in half and setting it on top of the phone just as the oven timer went off. He sidestepped, skirting a discarded soccer ball and hitting the timer before sliding a thick mitt over one hand.
“You like the music, you just don’t like it’s quantity.”
“What more?” Naomi repeated. “You are my son, do you think this is easy for me?”
“Virgin…my ass,” he panted shakily.
Dean complained as the Angel went to check the kitchen. Sure enough, most of the bread was gone, all the stuff he’d gotten to put on sandwiches was gone, and all that remained of the rest of the food was one lone can of soup. Two empty whisky bottles sat by the sink.
“Sammy, you can’t- “
“What…Dean, what’s…”
Smooth. Rich. Just like he remembered. Topping up his glass, Dean sat down with a fresh notepad and pen, carefully opening the book. He began reading through it, making notes, searching for any bit of information that stood out. It didn’t have to be new, just different. Sometimes a thing said in a different way meant a different thing, or hit differently, made a different connection.
“Huh?” Dean repeated. “That’s all you have to say?”
Castiel gave his husband a blank look. “I suppose.”
One by one, they went around to ask the same question of each of Castiel’s immediate family. All of whom had agreed to take part with varying degrees of enthusiasm. It was almost funny, seeing the contrast of Chuck from his position in an armchair where he’d been nursing something a little harder than the cider, then getting Hanna in the kitchen, fussing with her hair and blouse before finally believing her son’s instance that she looked just fine.
“I…you know I…I ain’t good at this shit, but….” His hands fisted in Castiel’s coat. “I….”
As he made his way out to his car Castiel was stopped by several people, but he didn’t mind much. Four of the five inquiries were work or test-subject related. Even so he heaved a sigh when he was behind the wheel, letting his head tip back once he’d turned on the AC full blast. It was early June, and even though they weren’t quite to summer break yet his car was steamy by the time he got to it in the afternoons.
He almost groaned in dismay when the hand on his hip moved to his buttock, a thumb brushing his entrance. A finger stroked his pucker, then slid inside him experimentally. It was soon followed by a second digit, which his body eagerly excepted, the two spreading him easily. Damn it, what was this Alpha's problem? He was in heat for gods' sake, he was beyond ready.
Gabriel mused. When Castiel gave him a sharp look, his brother only winked.
“Don’t think so, no.” Completely unapologetic, Dean handed him the paper. “Next.”
“Alright, you’re turn. Last one.” Dean turned his attention and his camera on Lucifer, circling around him.
“Almost three. You were out for a while. She, uh, said this happens when you do some serious magic.” It came out more as a question than a statement.
Gabriel looked up from where he was adding the number to his contacts. Rather than answer, he turned and hitched up the back of his shirt and jacket. In the small of his back, just above his waistband, was an anti-possession tattoo. When he turned back around, Gabriel grinned at him.
“I’m fine,” Dean groaned. Then promptly jumped a solid six inches off the floor as a semi on the highway outside honked its horn.
“Maybe you oughtta take a day,” Bobby said at last, the words coming out slowly.
"The first name never changes," Dean noted. "Ain't that right, Virgil?"
"Because I knew what it would do to you," John snapped, glaring at him across the table. "He could handle it, you picked a strong one. Castiel's fine. Go find your brother, talk some sense into him."
The Omega cocked his head, taking his time in studying the figure below him. Again a blush spread from his cheeks and neck, but this time it actually spread to his chest. Castiel leaned in, curious, pressing fingertips to the pinkened flesh. It didn't feel overly warm, but it did blot out most of his freckles. He liked seeing this Alpha's freckles.
Castiel gave him a deadpan look. “You too? It’s nearing midnight.”
He turned away, stepping back onto the porch. “Seriously, they’ll be able to fix you, right?”
“Gabriel’s only older by twelve minutes.”
“Dude, you remember the exact date of when we met, when we got married, you remember birthdays, anniversaries, random holidays. You’d forget to tie your shoes if you didn’t trip over the laces, but you can tell me when Pi Day is. And yes there is such a day.”
Dean paused mid-thrust. “The hell was that?”
Hands caught his waist, yanking him farther across the seat until he could be dumped on his back. He returned his mate's kiss, grasping his shoulders, not putting up a fuss. Though when they separated he did gasp and ask, "Does this mean you would like to try conceiving a child of our own?"
"Why are you taking his side?"
After a long minute of gentle stroking, assuring himself this was indeed real, Dean dropped his hand. "You, uh, hungry?"
Smiling fondly, Castiel did as he was bid. Pancake mix, coffee, cereal, soup, pasta, and snack mix were among the things added to their second cart. As Castiel had suspected he was sent to fetch a third cart. By the time Dean made a final count and led the way to an empty checkout lane they had four and Castiel was beginning to question whether or not Bobby's truck had sufficient space.
“Don’t steal my lines,” Dean protested.
"I'd rather it be soon, but I can't be certain. It might be a week before I can leave again without suspicion. I wish it could be sooner."
“Since when do you have to see a species to believe they exist?”
Dean didn’t get the chance to celebrate finally being able to narrow down his suspect pool before a wave of agony crashed through him, even as he heard his own flesh tear. It brought him to his knees, and he barely managed to crawl to the toilet before his stomach rebelled. Shaking hands clutched at porcelain, a second wave of anguish forcing a strangled cry from his lips even as more bile pushed its way up his throat.
“Did you just try to kill Cas?” Dean demanded, ignoring her. He was still on his knees, one arm around Charlie like he didn’t trust Naomi enough to move away. “What the hell is wrong with you?”
Castiel shrugged, unrepentant. “I still fail to understand why, though the results are difficult to argue with.”
The Angel had decided he would never admit to it, but some of the things Dean insisted he watch were…entertaining. And when the Demon was entertained, he was nearly tolerable. Every day he took another crack at his wounds, but besides encouraging them through about an extra day’s worth of healing there was little he could do. At best he was shortening the time Dean would need to be on bedrest, which was just as well. Even with a proper distraction he was still prone to annoy.
Cas.”
Grimacing, the human admitted, “They’re not.”
“I’m gonna have ten years to catch up on a lot of movies, shows, and books. Plus try all the recipes I want. It’ll be like a ten-year vacation. Don’t worry about it.”
Castiel slowly lifted his gaze, staring into his mate's face through the mirror. "Please ask him."
For a moment it seemed to fight, holding together, then it began to unravel. It took its sweet time, during which Dean kept right on grinding out enough profanity Castiel honestly expected paint to start peeling. Not that he could blame him. From what he understood, this sort of curse hurt even as you removed its grip from the inflicted.
"No, uh, you don't have to," Dean blurted, lurching to his feet.
“Boy, what the hell just happened?” Bobby asked slowly.
you forget your keys again,” Dean corrected. “You’ve done it before, that was just the only time I wasn’t around to let you in.”
“If there’s truly a threat, it should be dealt with, not ignored. Have you informed our superiors?”
Dean was setting a freshly baked pie on rack to cool when he came in, then he went back to stirring something in a pot on the stove.
"I am pregnant, yes." He hesitated, then admitted, "I am unusual in this case. For multiple reasons. Most of my people produce one or two children, perhaps three on occasion. The heat I spent with you was my fourth."
The smile turned into an outright snarl, and a serrated blade that looked like it would hurt was lifted into his field of vision.
“Okay so now you’re hating on my pickup lines?”
“I thought he was on house arrest,” he whispered, not wanting to disturb their reunion.
Each day that passed without his sterility tea Castiel could feel the difference more and more. On the years where he drank it to keep his heat had bay he'd only be more horny, his instincts running a little high, but nothing more. When he didn't, he started to feel the effects sooner.
Dean held up his hands, fake innocence all over his face, evergreen eyes wide. “Nothing. I just thought Angels didn’t care about that kinda thing.”
Castiel froze, along with every other member of his squadron. He half turned, staring at the Demon, feeling the grace leave his eyes. Dean wandered forward, cocky smile on his pretty lips, no doubt enjoying keeping the Angels off kilter.
Trying to ignore all the red, he frowned at what was indeed feathers. Not a demon, then. Demons had wings, yes, and were the most common of the winged, non-human variety. But their wings were more like bat wings, with bone and flesh. When he didn’t hurt so much and he could think straight, Dean would appreciate this more.
“Hey, when you’re better, I’m giving you a list.”
Castiel shrugged, swirling his latest concoction.
Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed, only to snap wide again when he felt a fingertip coated in lube stroke his pucker.
When they got no response Sam asked, "Who's paying you?"
Castiel did not like that. At all. But he could hardly refuse. It was a reasonable enough request, refusing would send up red flags. He would just have to deal with the fallout with Dean during his next patrol. Likely he wouldn’t be best pleased, if only because it was unusual behavior with no warning. He’d have to dodge a blade this time, not a mere kitchen knife. It would be bacon cheeseburgers to settle the fussy Demon, no doubt. But that would mean burgers, which would be well earned if he would have to spend the next twenty odd hours with Uriel. While he’d heard the Angel was meant to have a sense of humor, one of the best among the heavenly host, he’d never had the pleasure of witnessing it. Why he wasn’t sure, he was only one rank above Uriel, for all Uriel had moved faster. With politics, he’d gotten this far without developing into a Seraph. If it came to raw power and skill, Castiel was sure he would win, but then Uriel had an infuriating habit of never playing fair when he didn’t have to.
“It’s the closest to an apple pie life I’m ever gonna get,” Dean reasoned, still smiling. “Just wasn’t sure if you’d wanna keep a Demon like me around.”
“So?”
What’s Enochian, anyway?”
A disgusted sneer contorted the Demon’s face. “Right. ‘Cause you Angels are so much better than we are.”
John's eyes had narrowed suspiciously. "Did you know about this?"
“Okay, but it can wait until tomorrow.”
The Omega smiled, tipping his head up to brush their lips together. “Yes, Dean. I am really, very, extra sure. There are few decisions in my life I’ve been this sure about, believe me. My only regret is that I will never be able to give you an Alpha child.”
“Don’t expect to use me as a donner. What’s the next question?”
"Good. But stop thinking about it, alright?"
“Yeah.”
“Yes. I liked the name. And technology seemed to be on the upslope. I think I invested more than I should have, I’ll admit. Why? Did they not end well?”
“Both.”
Dean didn’t begrudge them their happiness anymore than he did Sam’s. His baby brother, the lucky bastard that he was, had met Eileen a year ago, when he was sixteen. She was Deaf, but could read lips well enough. Dean had picked up some sign over this last year because of her, but he was nowhere near Sam’s ability. Currently both he and Eileen were still living locally, working on their junior year of high school. He got to see Sammy regularly, but it was a little less often nowadays, not that he blamed him. Once he found his own soulmate, he had half a mind to put a damn leash on them. Then again, if it turned out this untraceable language was due to a cult, he would
“You’re bisexual.”
A proud smile warmed Dean’s face. “Sammy, meet Castiel. Cas, this is Sam.”
Balthazar was leaning back in his seat, arms folded, eyes narrowed suspiciously. "Did you do something? Is that why you've been acting funny? Grandma won't punish you because you made a mistake."
been a while, not that it had been deliberate. Garth had been a roommate in the dorms their first year in college, and they’d stayed friends since. Largely because when Garth decided he liked you it was a permanent designation, and the scrawny guy did grow on you. Maybe it was a good thing he had his heart set on dentistry, if you had to have someone rooting around in your mouth it might as well be the cheerful Ichabod Crane.
“Yes.”
Castiel admitted.
“What do you want with Lebanon Tower?” the lord was asking suspiciously.
“The flags work, don’t they? You have yet to make that mistake again.”
"So you knew we'd be pissed."
"Good riddance to him. Thinks he's better than all this," he muttered, taking another drink.
“I am not here. I was never here. You’re gonna have to call in that cleanup crew again.” Waving his blade at Abaddon, poking her with a booted toe, he added, “It’d be more trouble than it’s worth to say it was me even if I wasn’t in hiding.”
“At the time I thought it was unfortunate. Now I don’t,” Castiel assured him, squeezing his arm. “It was the next semester, in January, we had this group assignment. I’d booked one of the study rooms in advance so we could meet before we had any other assignments to deal with. Those rooms were very illusive, even early in the semester. But when we get there he shows up with another group from a different class.”
Castiel raised his eyebrows. While he’d driven Baby before, it was a rarely-seen event. He had no serious attachment to driving in general, so he didn’t much care that Dean was so possessive over his beloved Impala. As far as he knew he and Sam were the only people Dean would give the keys up to with only token reluctance.
“’What is your favorite Thanksgiving food?’ The next one asks about desserts specifically, so I’m assuming they’re referring to the main course?”
Castiel bristled, drawing himself up to his full height, which put him at only two inches shorter than Dean, grace sparking in his eyes. “I have
“Oh. Okay. Lube?”
“You’ve seen my videos?”
“You really don’t look okay,” Anna countered. “What happened?”
Sam's eyebrows shot up. "How many is that?"
"I wouldn't worry about them. I've never met them, and I doubt you will. As I understand it their existence is paralleled to ours, our ancestors were Fay who chose to stay in the human realm and were affected by it. It's why we're not quite Fay, but not quite human."
“I’ve watched ‘em before,” the Demon countered defensively.
“That, and it’s too cold out to be in the doghouse,” his husband grumbled.
“In my defense, I didn’t think there was that much of a difference in weight.”
“And if one more stranger checks my genitals I’ll do it to them too!” That time it was in English. He was 90% sure, but another contraction was coming.
“I doubt it.” Looking at the list, he read, “’Do you watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day parade?’”
"May I speak to you? In your mind?"
Castiel chose that moment to rejoin them, drifting over to stand by Dean. The Alpha absently put an arm around his waist, his mate leaning into him and resting a cheek against his shoulder. “Before I forget, have you talked to Balthazar lately? If this radio silence nonsense persists I’m tracking him down.”
Dean was in the process of eyeing his stitched torso. He poked his ribs, then winced. “Damn curse. You know it’s Fay, right?”
“Get your things. We’re leaving.”
All at once, the people began to scream. A high-pitched ringing filled Dean’s ears, his eyeballs feeling suddenly very warm as he stared up at the glowing beast. But then the ringing faded a little, and he began to make out words. Not from his ears, from his head, similar to the voices he’d made a habit out of ignoring.
“Stop saying it like I’m pregnant,” Dean protested, sounding exasperated.
“Then ask me and edit it out.”
“Yes?”
already, it’s just not much yet.”
It took a moment, but the door squeaked as a lock was turned, and then the door itself opened with a shriek. Castiel found himself facing a hunter that was undoubtedly intoxicated, a bottle of very fine brandy in one hand, half empty. He stuck his head out, peering around blearily.
The transformation wasn’t instantaneous, but nor was it slow. He’d changed often enough it wasn’t even painful anymore, the sensation of bones bending and reshaping, tough scales rising to cover soft flesh, talons sprouting under his nails, wings erupting from his shoulder blades as his spine grew to form a tail.
MoonQueen?” he asked incredulously. “She’s, what, six?”
“And I felt kinda bad, so I did.”
Her hand flew away as boots stalked across the linoleum. "Dean? Is she bothering you?"
“Nothing. Just, remembering. You were saying?”
“I know.”
Now this Castiel took offense to. He bristled, rolling down his sleeves. “I’ve hardly had the time of late, seeing as I’ve been attempting to save a bad-tempered, ungracious Demon. When I have time I
The Omega poked around to see what ingredients were to hand, eventually deciding grilled cheeses were nice, safe options. There was even a can of tomato soup in the pantry. Comfort food was always a solid fallback, right?
everything?"
"Oh gods it's good to see you again." Gabriel let go, stepping back, still smiling. "I couldn't believe it when you ran, not that I blame you. The family's full of dicks. As you can see I took off too a while back, doing pretty good for myself. What about you?"
Castiel smiled at that, taking in the site before him. The tower was indeed falling apart, and while it would need work, as his mate stated, they could live in it right now if they wished. The surviving roofs looked solid, so did most of the walls. The outer wall surrounding it was riddled with vines and weeds, the courtyard filled with them. Inside that was a few outer buildings, half of which had roofs that had caved in, and the tower proper. They were standing in the gateway now, Impala milling about, cropping weeds.
“He likes you.”
“Not my best line, I’ll admit, but you had an awesome comeback.”
Castiel gazed at the human standing before him, someone he'd known less than a day without hormones clouding their minds. Yet he was offering so much so easily. The Omega found himself unable to grasp the words, so instead he stepped forward and took Dean's face in his hands. He didn't need the physical contact to initiate a telepathic link, but he wanted to in this case, particularly since he wasn't going to ask this time.
He coaxed the Omega into loosening his grip, pulling him to his feet. From there it was easy enough to get Castiel to help him load up the Impala. Shortly after the Omega had joined them John had acquired a truck, allowing them to cover more ground. It also meant John wouldn't be without transport when they left.
Castiel decided it was time he gave his quarry incentive. They were far enough away from his vehicle and this human was becoming irritated. That was never a good thing.
“Hey. You wanna come inside? It’s freezing out here.”
“If you got a fever, you shouldn’t be here.”
It didn’t take long before Benny began to wonder if it was worth teaming up with the angel to try talking Dean around. Within an hour of finding the guy they had to fight off no less than three leviathan, six werewolves, and a ghoul. The angel didn’t carry any weapons, which Benny considered suicide in this place, but he held his own well enough. If in that he managed not to get himself killed and did something that involved exploding a thing from the inside out. Dean called it smiting.
“Just because you change the subject doesn’t change the facts.”
“I’m alive because Alistair’s lackies are even more incompetent that yours.” Dean waved a hand at the four dead Demons behind him. “And I’m that awesome. This was one of the mooks they sent out to see if I was really dead. If you hadn’t interrupted my hunt, I’d be getting a set of Seraph wings fitted for my wall by now.”
“It’s five at best, Alex,” Castiel informed her.
“I’m fine.”
The human kissed him until his head began to spin, then drew him down the hall. He tugged at his clothes, but they didn’t start getting out of them until they were in the bedroom itself. As tempting as it might be, Castiel was
As he made a few laps, Castiel paid strict attention to his surroundings. He even did a route that took him over the cabin, mimicking the route Uriel had thought he was taking. Only when he was completely sure there was no one in the area, save for the local wildlife, he touched down just outside where he knew the cabin to be hidden.
“He likes to watch the floats and balloons,” Castiel explained.
“And he knew that before you moved in?”
It hadn’t been a thing he’d worried about, exactly. More like a lingering doubt he knew wouldn’t come to fruition. Still, there was a part of him that warmed when Dean didn’t seem to display any favoritism for Claire. There was the special attention you gave to an infant, or a young pup, but nothing more. To see him interact with the others, there was no reason to think he wasn’t the biological father to all four younglings. They’d even started calling him Dad, and a father he was, in everything but blood.
“Yours.”
Gabriel groaned. "Are you kidding me? My parents sent you?"
Today, at Dean’s behest, he’d delved into his stash of pun t-shirts. This one depicted a cartoon cactus, small and round in a pot, but it had two triangular points near its top and scant features to indicate eyes and a small smile. The caption below read simply ‘Catcus’. He was quite fond of cats, actually, but Dean was allergic. While the lack of a fluffy feline in their home was saddening, he’d come to terms with it.
"Not-oh gods, oh gods, Dean, yeah, yeah, yeah....not-not here, not good place-
Rolling his eyes, Dean turned his attention to the list. “’Where did you go on your honeymoon?’”
It wasn’t until they were driving home that Dean asked, “Have you gotten used to it yet?”
“Oh you have got to be- “
“No? You’re kidding me.”
“I would have thought that much was obvious,” noted a wraith, raising an unimpressed brow.
Castiel sighed. "They will undoubtedly be upset, yes. But once they calm down I think they'll be more proud than angry. You were informed, but you didn't hunt. Everything I learned, I learned from them. Tomorrow we will kill a wendigo on our own."
"Yeah, definitely. When do you think that'll be?"
“Is it good?”
Charlie protested. He’d picked her up, but they were going the wrong way. They were going towards the house.
“It’s hardly your duty to please me. I never asked you to.”
“They’re gone.”
“Sometimes it’s as much about the journey as it is the destination,” Dean reminded him. “Admit it, you had fun.”
The Alpha sighed, but helped him out of bed. He wetted down a rag in the bathroom, giving them both a quick once-over to get them cleaned up before they got dressed again. By the time they emerged Samandriel was out of the bathroom and studying the pictures on Dean’s DVD collection.
“That’s not the point. You think I haven’t looked for them too? There’s no proof of them even existing, beyond religious texts or some crappy rumors. They’re not even consistent.”
"I can and I am."
“Why not?”
“I was gonna kill him.” The Demon grinned, showing bloody teeth as he lifted his head again, opening black eyes. “Alistair was a dumbass bitch anyway. I did kill him though. Worth it. Just wish I’d done it sooner.”
The room itself was all pristine marble and polished wood, a wide desk at the far end flanked by stands for those observing to sit. The middle of the floor was beneath a grand chandelier, the marble inlays in the floor itself depicting a beautiful floral mosaic of rich blues. Naomi herself sat in the middle of the head table, flanked by other law keepers. Castiel stood in the room’s center, head high, either oblivious or uncaring of the people crowded around the room.
“You gatta choose. Werewolf, vampire, or zombie?”
Castiel shrugged, looking back to the list. “Last question. ‘Do you put out cookies and milk for Santa?’”
“This is the first I’ve seen you do so,” Uriel admitted. “Frankly I wish I’d see you do so more. It’s unnatural.”
He had to think about that a minute, before deciding, “Holy Night, I think.”
"A few months ago."
“The bruises are basically gone, my stitches are out, and you know damn well what roll play does to me. Tell me you didn’t throw out the piercings.”
“Yep.”
“It wasn’t even a good flavor,” Dean grumbled, eyeing the selection before them.
Castiel was shuffling towards the living room, mug cupped in his hands, wondering what he should watch while he waited for Dean to wake up, when someone knocked on their door. He paused, staring dully towards it. Who knocked on people’s doors on a Sunday morning? Jehovah’s witnesses? Perhaps it was a good thing his husband hadn’t stirred yet. He was nicer to such people than Dean, particularly before his coffee.
He did try, but it took more doing than he’d anticipated. At least Dean was patient with him, prodding him along slowly rather than just forcing his fingers in. He went nice and slow, working a single finger in and out bit by bit. He only added a second when Castiel was relaxed, and didn’t feel at all discomforted by the procedure. How he picked up on this the Angel wasn’t sure, but he was glad of it.
“Aw, Cas, you say the sweetest things.”
“No, but…”
“I beg your pardon?”
“Fraternal twin. We’re nothing alike, we don’t even look alike.”
A painful sound wheezed from the Omega as he was gingerly lowered to the floor, and his eyes rolled back in his skull as a fresh well of blood began leaking into his shirt, and Castiel was faintly aware of small faces peering at them around the corner. Performing an examination in the middle of their kitchen wasn’t ideal, but it was an emergency situation.
“No, you need your reserves,” Gabriel argued. “Get in.”
“Yeah, but not with any real detail.”
“What mission?”
"Eyes?" Dean mumbled, reluctantly obeying. Castiel was gingerly lifting his body from the ground, moving him so his legs came off the bottom step and propping him against the building.
He gave them a brief explanation, then urged them to bring him and the corpse back to base. Where it was safe. They didn’t question it, as much because it was true as because he was their commander. It was easy enough, and they flew him away from the hidden cabin without a second glance in its direction.
“Not many people come out here,” the Alpha pointed out. “Just Sammy, Bobby, Ellen.”
Before Dean could comment on the ridiculousness of that, Castiel continued towards the front door. The human grabbed his free arm but was left to stumble along with him or be dragged, since he refused to let go. He hadn’t asked yet, but he’d gathered that angels were made of sterner stuff than whatever humans were composed of. A part of his brain was trying to work out who was at his door, it was Saturday but he hadn’t had any plans, when Castiel unlocked it and threw it open.
“Exactly. I thought you’d checked it sooner.”
“Indeed.” Uriel studied him for a moment more, then offered, “Would you mind if I accompanied you for the rest of this patrol? Let me satisfy my concerns, then you can reclaim your solitude.”
“Come here,” Dean rasped, dragging the Omega on top of him. He’d jammed a few pillows on top of each other, so he was propped up enough to see down the length of them. “Think you can ride me, Cas?”
This time it was Dean the elder Omega found himself staring at. "I don't understand."
Dean was still watching Dr. Sexy reruns when he returned, bags in hand. Castiel put two chicken pot pies in the oven, poured some of the juice he’d bought to keep his mate on a steady stream of fluids, and stepped back out. The Omega didn’t think much about it until he came back just at the oven timer went off, when his first dose had started to wear off.
The so-called angel stared at the letters on his arm, expression softening. “My name is Castiel. It is written in Enochian. Humans don’t know it, or have access to our writings. As for the medium, it’s a special sort of ink. It’s made from our own blood, it gives extra strength to sigils or spells. It’s also how we sign our names, it confirms we are who we say we are.”
Two weeks post ER visit, after he’d gotten his stitches out, Dean was half dozing on the couch post medication in front of a Dr. Sexy marathon. Bobby had been letting him off early, which he still found annoying, and after dropping him off Castiel had gone in for a late shift at work. Depending on his own work schedule and what assignments/tests he was dealing with Dean may or may not wait up for him. Between his laziness and a lull in assignments he was infuriatingly idle.
“Arranged, or did you actually get to choose?”
The Demon was silent a minute, then admitted slowly, “Ya know, at first I just thought it’d be fun. I mean you’re hot, you’re adorkable, and you were the only one around so I figured ‘what the hell’? Then when you were oblivious I got frustrated so I kept trying. By the time you
“Why do they want this?”
“Since one of their live-in employees caused this, yes.”
“You! This is your doing!” she shouted as thunder rumbled overhead.
Gifts accepted, they were allowed to eat pie, but only after Jody lit approximately twenty-one candles lined around its crust and made him blow them out. She liked her traditions, and grumble though he might, Bobby was in the habit of indulging her. Because he loved her, not because she was the sheriff and could easily get away with hiding his body in the basement.
“I have to drive to work on Monday.”
“Nope, nothing. Next question?”
At some point, as they picked up a midnight snack and met up at Charlie’s place, it occurred to Dean that he’d gotten a little too comfortable with this peculiar lifestyle. Granted it was something of a crapshoot when you were in college, but he was fairly certain most of his classmates didn’t moonlight as antiquity thieves. His best friends pitched in because they knew it was for a good cause, and they only targeted people who deserved it. The individual he’d lifted a black-market manuscript from had been very rude, slamming the door in his face and calling him a ‘filthy grease monkey’, among other things, as he threatened to call the police if he didn’t get off his property. Dean had only asked for the chance to look at something he was rumored to have, maybe take pictures to study from. Plenty of people were more than willing to boast and show off, particularly to a linguistics student who could appreciate the value of what was in their collection. Others, like old Sinclair, had been ripe for justice. Charlie had actually been hoping he’d be a dick so they would have an excuse.
“I’ll tell ya later. I gatta see this.”
"Where did you travel from?" said Omega was asking him.
(See the end of the chapter for
He blew it out before Charlie could do more than pout. They did get him pie, though. That was something he’d never turn down, and they knew it. Because….
Castiel smiled, stepping forward to press a hand to the Alpha's cheek. He leaned forward, pressing their foreheads together, uncaring of the sweat and grime. It was a gesture of great affection, generally reserved for a mother and their child. He'd never done it to anyone else, either the gesture or the gentle wave of emotions that accompanied it. Just enough for Dean to notice, for the Alpha to register the warmth Castiel himself felt in his chest.
“It was nice meeting you, Sam,” he said, inclining his head to the taller Alpha before they turned to start walking down the drive.
"She lives in a different community, but she is still alive. And no, I can't go to her. She's one of our law keepers. She would banish me herself if I confided in her."
“You wish to know if it was worth it?”
Castiel’s personal effects went straight to Dean’s room. He would have said something about there being a half-cleared closet and the number of empty dresser drawers, but the Alpha wouldn’t meet his eyes and grumped a few words as he shuffled off when he tried. Castiel chose to let it go. Especially when he found out what he’d been planning for Valentines Day. Fortunately by then Castiel had been able to soundproof their bedroom, but they couldn’t do everything Dean had originally planned. Not with three younglings in the house.
Dean moaned, nipping along his collar bone. “How long is Alfie usually out for?”
He was still smiling at their work when hands slid around his hips, a warm chest pressing to his shoulders as soft lips brushed his neck. “You’ve got that smile on your face again.”
"Yes."
"What makes you so special?"
"Is that why your ears are pointy?"
“I’m not overly familiar with any part of this process, any more than I understand why I feel the way that I do about you, but…I enjoy your company. A lot. And the idea of being intimate with you is appealing, which is unusual, so- “
“Careful how you speak, brother.”
“Right next to your Westerns.” Castiel looked at the next isle, and heaved an irritated sigh. “Why must they do this? They’re completely anatomically incorrect.”
“I figured they were talking about the first one, but I was gonna mention the second one.” When Castiel nodded in agreement, Dean gave the lens his full attention. “See, when we got married we were both still in school. We were both working on our masters, we were sharing this little one-bedroom apartment, we were eating Ramen three nights a week. Getting cheap wedding bands was a strain on the budget, never mind a honeymoon.”
Dean looked downright frustrated, which Castiel found baffling. What had set him off so quickly? One hand, the one not covered in pizza grease, raked down his face in an agitated gesture. Then he bit out, “Get me something to drink…
“Hey, I’m the driver, I’m the one who’s supposed to get mad at the morons who can’t drive. You’re supposed to boost moral and feed me and crap.”
The moment he was clear of the higher branches Castiel flipped himself over, putting his feet towards the ground, bending his knees and throwing his wings wide. Impact was insignificant, for all he made a small crater in the dirt. Shaking himself off, Castiel set out on foot. There was only a sliver of moon overhead, barely visible in the sky as clouds drifted over it periodically. Here, beneath the canopy, the shadows were long and deep. A human would be blind. Thankfully, he wasn’t a human. He could use his grace for illumination if need be, but for his purposes he could see well enough.
“The longest I’ve taken to get us out is out is two hours.”
“Shut up.”
"Your cousin popping up like this."
“Let me bottom-line it for you,” the human stated flatly, done negotiating. “I’m not leaving here without you. Understand?”
“Yeah. We should have enough spares to keep going. Don’t worry about it, you ain’t the first to have a rough go of it, and you ain’t gonna be the last. Now go home.”
He waited until the next mile marker to move on to the second question, passing Castiel the camera.
"Perhaps not. But I know she will if...when she discovers I deliberately broke a law they're particularly insistent upon."
“You have Angels on your payroll?”
“Because with you looking like that, with your tats covered up, I can almost believe you’re a different person. It’s hot. Now get your hot ass down here.” He shifted himself sideways on the couch, throwing his good right leg over the cushions, keeping his booted left leg over the edge as he reached up to fist a hand in the Alpha’s trench coat. He gave it a firm yank, pulling his mate down over him. Castiel fumbled, bracing a hand on the couch’s back to keep himself from falling over the Omega.
"What?"
Bobby replayed the whole thing a second time. Then a third. On the fourth go around he paused the feed on a frame right before Benny got thrown back, when Dean’s wings were firmly visible.
"Me and Sam took a witch case three months ago, over in Phoenix."
“He’s going to be angry with you for saying that.”
“But you were cute. Admit it. I’ll have to ask your Mom for pictures the next time we’re over there.”
"If I tell you they don't, will you hunt them?"
“It’s an old one Alistair…motherfucker gave ‘em…Fay blood…..”
Grimacing, Castiel made his way towards the small mob.
He waited until the hacking had quieted to ask, “What did you say?”
Castiel brushed his hand over his face, grimacing when the contusions didn’t heal. Wonderful. Deciding speed would be his best option, he poured raw grace into his veins. It wasn’t a good idea long term, but it was the equivalent of human adrenaline on steroids.
“It totally counts! Comment down below, tell him ‘That’s why you’re so hot’ is the only real response to that.”
“What?”
“Three. Thank you, mate. May I have another?”
In answer, Castiel pulled back to retrieve a bag from an inner trench coat pocket, offering it to him. Apparently some herbs were best fresh, and while Castiel wasn’t well acquainted with this kind, it seemed to be one of them. He knew Dean didn’t like being cooped up, for all he tried to make the best of it, so he was happy to fetch whatever he needed.
“It worked out, though,” Dean protested. “By the end of it you didn’t hate me anymore. You agreed to a date.”
No sooner had he had this thought than Abaddon threw back her head and laughed.
“A few?” Dean demanded, eyes narrowing.
Thankfully he hadn’t had cause to do any healing since that accidental incident with Benny, but while his own abilities were as limited as his transportation it was something he could do now. By the time Castiel was explaining this the sun was rising outside. Dean made him keep going while he made breakfast, moving on to why angels looked human even if they weren’t.
“You ran away?” Dean repeated.
Rather than say something, Castiel showed him Sam’s surprised face.
There was still one part that didn’t make sense, though.
"How long 'till sunrise?" Gabriel asked eventually, yawning. "I'm not getting any sleep with that thing circling us."
“Not particularly.”
“When you’re not partially drowned out by whatever song you’re singing along with,” Castiel admitted. “I still love you, even if your rendition of
“Bobby, first aid kit!” Dean shouted, rushing forward. He fumbled, snatching a mostly clean rag from the table and pressing it over the wound. “Benny, I’m sorry, I’m so sorry, I don’t know what happened.”
“Well?” he demanded, rage still simmering.
"Krissy, now."
Right before one of his shrewdest lieutenants got stabbed, Castiel rammed his blade between the Demon’s shoulders. She jerked, eyes wide as her soul flickered. He wrenched his blade free, shoving her aside.
“Go on.”
“Why?” the drink thrower asked suspiciously. For what it was worth, her friend looked a little flustered for all she had looked just as upset previously.
They stopped their approach, two exchanging surprised looks as Hannah protested, “Commander, he’s a Demon. A Knight of Hell. We can’t allow him to- “
“Fine. Where’s the list?”
“Not you,” Samandriel amended.
Dean wasn’t late, but when he got to the diner he’d arranged to meet Garth and Bess at they were sitting at a larger table than three people would warrant, and it only had one empty seat left. He managed a wry smile, crossing the checkered floor to pull out that last chair. He didn’t get the chance to sit down before Garth was popping up like he was spring-loaded, beaming broadly and yanking Dean into a hug. It was something he’d gotten used to over the years, more or less. Garth was a hugger, and that hadn’t changed, even after his own twenty-first birthday.
Wearily, Dean picked up the small white pills, studying them carefully. They
"What's the verdict?" Gabriel asked, watching as a human straightened from beneath his car's hood.
a good cook. That particular series of videos were focused on the best ways to make cheap, often easy meals. Castiel knew for experience they were lifesavers for people who had little money and even less time but also wanted to avoid frequenting drive-throughs. And yes, the omelet was good. For all it had a quarter cup of bacon bits for every two eggs and almost as much cheese.
"Cas? Who's this?"
Dean gave his brother a deadpan look. “You think I’m picking up on angel radio?”
"What about if- “
As soon as their mother had been escorted away he’d led the dash down the road, but in the opposite direction of Uncle Gabriel’s house.
“They want us to train fledglings.”
“Yeah, but they ought to be nice about it,” Dean quipped.
In truth it wasn’t a technique many of his kind were privy to, especially since it involved slamming raw grace against wards, chipping away at them. But he was old enough to have seen it done, and to have participated before. Since there was only one of him he had to be more strategic about it, melting the sigils just enough to disable them.
Castiel gladly moved on, shedding his clothes and standing under a stream of water as hot as he could bear. He could clean his clothes easily enough, Demon blood was what made things tricky. Hence why he’d discarded his favorite coat rather than waste his time. He’d have to procure a new one, he felt odd without it. Human fashion was a highly changeable thing, but he’d been able to wear that for decades and still blend in easily enough. Not to mention it was comfortable and had pockets that could be highly useful.
Castiel shrugged. “If you’re not comfortable with it, I won’t.”
John seemed to consider this a moment before admitting, “It’s not exactly conventional, but you’ve made it work for you.”
Castiel glanced back periodically, but he never had to speed his pace beyond a trot. After his second failed attempt at running the Alpha gave up, settling for an accelerated walk. The Omega filed this away as yet another point in his favor. He'd actually had to stop several times in the past because foolish Alphas with heat scent in their noses kept running and falling or running into trees. Even now this one displayed intelligence. He'd gotten beyond lucky for his final heat, stumbling onto such a fine breeder so quickly.
one of the ways he’d envisioned things going down.
“Hey, you’re not getting any complaints from me. Question six?”
They continued their discussion the rest of the way home, Balthazar only interjected again when they mentioned schooling. He wasn’t thrilled, but Castiel was insistent that they at least finish out this year. He would teach them as best he could, he would still continue their magical training, but after that…he’d need an alternative. Whether it was public school or an online solution, he wanted them to at least get through basic education before they stopped. He considered it fortunate that this would line up neatly with their coming of age.
After a moment of consideration, Castiel mused, “I don’t think I know you well enough yet to decide that. I suppose it depends on your opinion of demons. One of them, the individual currently in charge of hell, likes his position. He has put a lot of effort into retaining it, which includes finding sources in each species. As an angel I was very valuable.”
Wondering if this was a thing couples did these days, wander sex shops, Castiel paid for his lone item and beat a quick retreat back to the cabin. As much for safety as to return to what he hoped to be more love making. He did ask when he was inside, making Dean grin.
"He had a test this morning. He was pulling an all-nighter when I left for work."
“’S wrong, Cas?” At least he’d noticed something was off. This wasn’t the usual feeding or diaper changing that usually woke the Omega.
“Come on, Cas,” Dean coaxed, nudging his arm.
“It’s almost midnight.”
Naomi ordered sharply.
“We didn’t have a choice!”
The man might as well have slapped him across the face. "Sammy's gone?"
Never in his life had he been so utterly dominated. Their previous position and pace had been more intimate, what he understood to be love making. This was almost something else. To be mounted and fucked by an Alpha was both an action of trust and of surrender. Being spanked had somehow only made this experience even more enjoyable, which struck him as odd but nothing to complain about. He was far more vulnerable in this position than he had been on his back, on his belly with his posterior raised, pinned beneath an Alpha that was, at current, bigger and stronger than him. In a sense he was helpless, on top of having that same Alpha between his spread legs, doing such intimate and pleasurable things to his body. To be mounted was to surrender, to either trust implicitly or be forcibly bent to an Alpha's will. If Dean chose to mate him now, he could do nothing but accept it. Until today the idea of being mated quelled him to his core, and yet…where every dragon had induced a sense of revulsion at the idea, Castiel found himself wishing Dean really would mate him.
“I meant today.”
Castiel made several trips, flitting back and forth to get the shopping cart full of groceries to the kitchen. He found a large, trunk-like refrigeration unit in the basement, and put that to use. He also acquired five more bottles of whisky, if only to silence the Demon since it seemed modern pharmaceuticals wouldn’t quiet him.
One day. He got one whole day of peace. Then the voices started.
“Then you will be fine. Now drive the damn car.”
“I believe that answers their question, don’t you think?”
"It's a monster, it must be slain!"
“Certain ones are good for storing power. I have a lot stowed away for rainy days. Now if you don’t mind, I’m not sure when I can get away next and I’d appreciate it if you’d make the most out of this.”
Dean stared at him for a minute, then said, “You’re serious.”
she asked, stopping and turning to face him full on.
“With what funds?”
“You remember what in?”
Shaking his head, Castiel stood and left his husband to his editing. Surely it wouldn’t be that popular, right?
Smiling softly, Castiel leaned in and brushed their lips together.
For his part, Castiel had had enough. And seeing as Dean could not storm out as he had nowhere to storm to, he stalked for the door. “I need some air, when I return I’m bringing cement with me” he bit out, wrenching it open and slamming it on his heels.
Castiel didn't provide an answer, instead asking, "Do you have siblings?"
“Of course. But…am I to understand you no longer take issue with his sexuality? Or Sam’s?”
Generally Castiel despised this aspect of his enemies. Though in times like this, he couldn’t help but appreciate the benefits. For the last two human months he’d been enjoying the serenity of these mundane patrols, flying out solo to check the perimeter. No balancing on a razor’s edge, every sense and instinct on alert, no listening to younger partners complain. They always had something to complain about, be it too quiet a posting with not enough leave to enjoy it properly, or too much action. Honestly, you think they’d pick something and stick to it. Not continue the nonsensical flip-flopping. Didn’t the humans have a saying for that? The grass was always greener? Well, it was, but that didn’t mean it was wise to say as much.
“We won’t sing, brother, just blow out the damn candle.”
“No I couldn’t. You’ve wanted to keep bees since you were a little kid. When you brought it up you have a freaking PowerPoint prepared. And we do sell the honey.”
Castiel shot them an irritated look. “This should not be your greatest concern at this time. You have a final, remember?”
“My father isn’t your father. They need to be handled differently.”
Dean was genuinely afraid to leave his apartment that day, and Sam ended up ordering delivery rather than leave when dinner time rolled around. He had classes to get to, shifts at Bobby’s shop, he couldn’t afford to start holing up in his apartment indefinitely. So he had to get these wings figured out, and fast.
Uriel’s lip curled in disgust. “Remember that abomination Gabriel took to his bed?”
Benny spared him a brief glance. “I lie, I don’t get lied to. Aren’t you guys all about faith?”
"Damn right you can," he rumbled when they parted, beaming broadly.
“Yeah?” came the idle call from upstairs.
“That’s not why I did this but that’s awesome.”
That said, something was different this time. Both John and Sam looked like they were a hair's breadth away from coming to blows. Dean glanced around but he didn't see Castiel, which was just as well. He hadn't been feeling well lately.
Hazel had been looking forward to this forever. It felt like it, anyway. The last two weeks had been very long, they were the last ones before they didn't have to come back to school for a whole summer. It wasn't that she didn't like Ms. Johnson, she was nice and all, but school was boring. Learning stuff was fun, and reading was fun, but school wasn't. The best part was recess and Ms. Johnson said it would go away next year, when they went into the second grade.
“You smell like a luau.”
“There’s going to be no living with you today, is there?”
"You're going to the fucking doctor, Dean," the Alpha informed him, tone hard. "Come on, watch your step. It's probably just sprained. How the hell did you fall?"
“Not sure if it was one exact thing,” John admitted. “I guess I started coming around when I realized how much of your lives were missing. I kept up with you, you know. All of you.”
"Do they share your philosophy on the whole marauding thing?"
Dragging his eyes back up, Castiel asked, “How? How does that explain it? He’s been acting odd, but…did he think I wouldn’t notice? Or think to fix it? If I hadn’t been so preoccupied yesterday I would have. Perhaps that’s why he gave me this. As a diversion.”
“Yeah? And what if I give it to you?” Castiel challenged, hips snapping roughly, making his mate keen. “Huh? You’re still gonna run back to that Alpha of yours. If you’re going to take my knot, I’m not going to give it to some whore. If I knot you up, you’d better be a one-Alpha bitch from now on, got it?”
Dean dragged his gaze from the dilapidated smithy, studying him intently. “Yeah?”
"Long week?"
He waited until Dean had put the whipped cream back into his fridge, then stepped forward to put the necklace back over his head. Dean studied the idol once it was back around his neck, brow furrowed in a frown. “Did you do something to it?”
“Having a mate was never something I considered for myself, either,” Castiel admitted. “But then I’ve never loved anyone.”
Bobby came trotting over, one of the only other people here today, first aid kit in hand. “Damn it, what happened? Let me see.”
“Really? Seven years and there has never been a special meal when the school year is ending. Though if you were to make tortellini every time you want me to participate on the screen side of a video I wouldn’t complain.”
"It's about Cas, isn't it?"
He moved on and as he walked, he felt his body becoming hot of worry and fear, sweat rolling down his spine. He looked in every way, Dean’s name passing through his lips like a hushed prayer, his eyes darting nervously for every corner. After a moment, he felt the tears prickling in his eyes, feeling as if something terrible had happened. A heavy weight fell on his throat, his mouth tasting like ash, and all he could think of is the memory of Dean, tall and bright under the colorful lights, and God, what if it was the last he had of him?
Remembering Dean's words, he clears his sore throat. “What do you mean?” He asks.
But instead all the air in his lungs is blown out when his eyes land on a familiar silhouette that turns away from the sink with surprise to this sudden wave of noise. Sam blinks several times, but it’s still here, and clear like the water that flows in the mountains, he sees Cas staring back at him, as well with the thin, tired smile on his lip.
Castiel scoffs bitterly. “Is there really a place like that?” he asks, and even if he’s overwhelmed by pain and dread and hunger, his voice still bears a tenderness that never left since he met Dean.
Dean presses his shoulder against his, trying to cheer him up. “Besides, if we didn’t live in that crazy world, we wouldn’t have met, right?” he asks with an amused smile, but his heart tightens at the very idea of a place without Cas in it. It sounds so cold, so hollow, so
“Cas, tell me you didn’t do that” Dean answered in a breath, tears welling in his eyes.
“Yes” Cas softly answers, and Lord, how Dean missed his sorrowful eyes.
Cas cocked his head as he had always done, eyes narrowed as if in thought. “But what’s worth an eternal life if it’s empty?” He smiled again. “You were all that I needed.”
This one is paralyzed in front of him, her mouth half open, her breath stuck in her throat. Her eyes travel from the wings to the silver hands reaching out to her, the ribbons and chains, the circles spinning around Cas' head. Then, they fall on the golden threads around his wrist and follow their strong line until they are wrapped around Dean's, and she raises her eyes back to look at him, incredulous, blinking the tears that finally roll on her cheeks.
“What are we gonna do with him?” Dean asks, pouring himself another drink that is soon emptied, and a comfortable warmth settles down in his belly.
Cas is about to answer but Mary cuts him off. “Could that explain why you felt hungry when you… came back?” she asks, her blue eyes diving into his. “Could it affect your grace and sort of transform it?”
“And I will owe you forever for that” Castiel softly said, making a step towards her. “Some day we will meet each other again and I will not put you in so much trouble, I promise you.” He then reached her hand to her.
He didn’t know for how long he stayed like this, sitting against the cool bathtub, eyes closed, breaths weak and trembling, forehead damp and hot. When it felt like an eternity had passed, he slowly removed the towel from his face, the white fabric stained with dark, dried blood. At least, his nose had stopped bleeding, but he was still feeling so empty and tired, as if he had been drained of all his life force.
“Sam?” he hears on the other side, and he’s struck by how weak and trembling Dean’s voice sounds.
“But you are part of it!” Dean exclaims, feeling like ice is running up his veins.
That’s how Dean felt. As if the entire world was slipping away from him, as if this realm was just clear water in his cupped palms and it was flowing, flowing between his clumsy fingers.
“We won't leave you here!” Jess adds, her hand grasping Dean's arm as she turns to Lucifer, at the very moment where his body seems to shift, twist and turn upside down. A second after, there's only a monster beyond words standing in front of them and Dean holds his breath, the vision like a knife in his ribs.
Eileen arrives and puts a steaming bowl of soup on Castiel's lap and gives him a motherly look. He lowers his head to look at the food and the smell would drive him crazy. He spent all these weeks pushing the hunger away, turning into a cold steel machine, letting these human needs eat his grace instead, bite after bite. He raises the silver spoon to his lips and takes a careful sip, and his heart jumps warm and singing when the taste fills his mouth, his blood and he feels like living again, at least partly.
“I said, drop that you bast-” the biker shouts before there’s a neat, wet sound like slicing meat and suddenly blood pours out of his neck in a red curtain, and he suffocates, raising his hands to the wound, his eyes widening of fear and agony.
Near midnight, he woke his wife and begged her to hold him in her arms. She was even more unsettled by his behavior when he started blurting incomprehensible words about an abandoned bar and a green light inside of it. She reassured him and made him go back to sleep, kept telling him it was just a nightmare and he simply needed some rest.
“I know.” Dean whispers and Sam raises his head with surprise in front of this glimpse of clarity. But Dean’s eyes are foggy when he raises them to stare at Sam, “I have to make a deal”
“No, no” Michael answered. “You care about this one-” he said, vaguely pointing at Sam, “But there’s something different with
And deep in the stranger’s eyes, he thinks he recognizes it. The desperate pulse of light that he already saw in many other eyes. Sometimes, when they caught a pair of humans, they would see them cling to each other, as if they became one, as if nothing mattered in this world of fire, but each other. And they would see the same light crumble when one was killed before the other. It was as if their whole existence depended on that other being, just like the Earth needs the Sun to be warm and filled with life.
Dean turns to him, before his eyes fall on the dirty red leather wrapped around his chest, surrounding him with a scented bubble of warmth and memories. They have been walking for a few minutes, for Dean wanted to show Castiel his car, and also because of the threatening weather that casts shadows on them. Lazarus follows them, his ears pointing in front of him, throwing worried looks to the skies from time to time.
He imagines their next hunt, and he has to take Cas out of the vision, for he’s still standing close to him, angel blade gripped tight in his hand. He imagines all his family having a meal together, with true, bright explosions of laughter, and Cas isn’t sitting beside him. He imagines all the next weeks, months,
The angel bites his lips and stares at him for long seconds before he lets Dean's hand land on the curve of his wing, despite the hint of gray worry in his clear irises. Dean's hand slides on the limb and his expression worsens. Something is definitely moving under, wriggling like worms. Dean has a surprised sound when he feels the spell pulsing under his fingers.
The butterfly of ice flutters towards Eileen and the half-angel's soul shoots knives at Amara, eyes darker than the night. Dean watches her leave into the cold field, powerless. His brother screams the woman's name and starts moving to her, but Dean stops him, an arm across his chest. Sam gives him a terrified look full of anger and tears, but steps back behind him, unwillingly, staring at the motionless gray wings covering Eileen's body like a shroud.
Dean had been waiting in line in a coffee shop. His fingers had kept twitching, his thoughts racing. There had been too much people around, too much noise, too much energy. He had felt his own whispering in his skull, murmuring awful things, talking about death and massacres.
Eileen looks at him with compassionate eyes, devoid of any mockery or pity. They are just like Sam's, deep and summer colored, and her soul pulses gently, tainted of the same shades. “Glad to see you're back.” She says with honesty, to what Castiel answers with a smile.
“You were feeling bad” Cas said in a low, soothing voice. “Many would have done the same.”
Castiel's soul gives him a last weak blow before he steps back, tears already dry on his cheeks, leaving strange patterns on his skin. He takes a deep breath, gathering his strength back into one ball of white light. His eyes are painfully empty, numb like cold voids when he grips his blade again. Dean turns around and looks at his brother who has a weak smile. The demon gives the house and field a last glance, breathes in the pines and honey and starts walking.
