“Cher?”  Benny whispered.
See end for notes and thoughts.
Ok here we go.  See end for notes but not too many triggers such angst and some SMUT!  Hope you enjoy.
He yelled to himself but couldn’t stop the fear that spread through his body at John’s words.  Dean was never going through that again he swore and tried again to break John’s hold.
Cas shifted their positions so he was lying flat on the couch, Dean snuggled up against his side, his head resting on Cas’ chest. It was not unlike the way Dean had snuggled with Crowley, and Dean experienced a flash of guilt, feeling like he was cheating on the demon. Except, no. Dean remembered with no small amount of disgust — though it would never compare to how he felt in his dreams — that Crowley was planning to enslave him for eternity, and so keeping that in mind, Dean pushed the rest of his thoughts aside. He allowed himself to feel safe, and he drifted off to sleep again with the feeling of Cas’ fingers running through his hair.
Well. Dean caught him once. And he would again.
Death nodded his face a picture of sorrow and Dean was grateful his friend was the one who came for him.
Dean looked around again at the suffocating white/gray fog.  His mind was full of swirls of nothingness as he tried to remember.  He felt terror and pain and then he gasped and grabbed his head as he had flashes of his death and what had been happening at the time he died.
John studied the monsters.  Benny would be easy to get rid of.  He was just a vampire and John has been killing them for decades.  Plus Dean apparently broke the golden rule and blabbed to the monster so killing him was a given. The demon could be trapped with a devil’s trap and the angel kept away with warding but that wasn’t permanent enough for John.
“Ssh. I know what you need, my beautiful hunter.” Dream Guy purred. He tore off Dean’s pants and ripped off his shirts, and all Dean felt was heat, and want, and he writhed on the couch trying to free his hands. Dean wanted, he needed, he had to have….
“You sure you don’t want me to kill him?” Crowley asked and Dean was pleased to see John’s face pale a bit at the threat.
Dean tried to jerk his head but he was trapped.  His eyes widened in horror at the demon’s words, and for the first time he started to be really afraid.  “Don’t even think about it.”  Dean threatened.
On the first Friday, Dean’s confidence wore off when he got to school in the morning. He was gonna be alone with Cas in his office for probably an hour. He was gonna have to have a serious talk with his dick about staying down. He made it through the rest of the day without nervously sweating through his clothes. He was a pile of nerves before the end of the day and wouldn't tell Charlie what was going on. She was his best friend and she was gay, but he didnt know how to tell her something like this.
And hell if Dean’s dick didn’t stir at Mr-Castiel telling him to watch his language. The ‘conversation’ if you could call it that continued for a few more minutes, about other teachers and school policy. Dean wasn’t ashamed to say that he most definitely did jerk off after that conversation. Fuck, it was starting to get out of hand.
Dean went to the University of Kansas on a partial scholarship. He moved in with Cas before the semester started, with the promise of visiting his family often.
Cas was already so close, feeling and hearing Dean cum, sent him over the edge and he came. Hard. Inside of Dean. They both felt it. Neither of them wanted to move, but their position became uncomfortable. Cas pulled out slowly and put the plug back in Dean, before any of his cum could spill out. He stood up and went to get Dean some water. He returned with a cup and made sure that Dean drank some. Dean wouldn't admit it to anyone, but Cas returned to bed and cuddled him for a long time.
“Ah, but I bet you’d like to, huh?” Charlie asked, poking him, a huge grin on her face. “Have you seen him?” Dean asked. “I mean, you’re gay and even you would want to.” he said, and well, he was right. “Point taken.” said Charlie. “So, how’d you snag his phone number?” she asked with a wink. “It was on the course outline.” he said, confused that she hadn't noticed. “Oh, I didn’t even notice that.” Charlie said with a shrug.
thanks so much for reading! feel free to comment feedback/thoughts/constructive criticism. all kudos are appreciated! find me on tumblr at https://www.tumblr.com/blog/liam-biscuit
Cas ripped off Dean's shirt aggressively, the buttons falling off. Cas began sucking on Dean's neck, Dean moaned with the realization that it would leave marks on his skin for days. Cas continued kissing and sucking on Deans neck and shoulders as Dean managed to take off Cas' tie and shirt. He ran his hands over Cas' chest, staring at him as he was the most magnificent creature and there was only so much time to gaze upon its beauty. "You're perfect." whispered Dean as he kissed all over Cas' chest. He stared up at Cas as his fingers hesitated over Cas' pants. Cas moaned, "Please, Dean." Dean sank to his knees and undid Cas's pants. Cas ripped them off, desperately wanting more. Dean mouthed the outline of Cas' hard cock through his boxers, the wet spot of pre-cum forming. "I've never done this before." Dean admitted. "You're perfect." Cas said, lust clear in his voice. Dean had seen enough porn to know what to do, and he knew what he liked. He pulled Cas' boxers down slowly, trying to savor the moment and contain his anxiety. Well, fuck it, Dean thought to himself. Dean had been tested after his last sexual encounter a few months ago, and Sam had made sure Cas got tested after losing his virginity to April. He knew they were both safe so he continued. He licked a stripe up Cas' cock, and Cas moaned, his dripping cock finally getting some attention. All anxiety disappeared as he watched the man he loved come undone beneath him. He licked the tip of Cas' cock and then engulfed as much as he could in his mouth. Cas brought his hand to Dean's hair pulling tightly, as Dean moaned, Cas's cock still deep in his mouth.
Fucking high school. Just great. Dean looked down at his timetable as he opened the familiar door to Lawrence High. Lawrence wasn't a small town, but Dean knew all of the teachers at his school, it was rare that there would be a new one, usually only if someone died. Yikes I hope no one died, Dean thought to himself. Maybe Mr. Masters, he was a real douchebag. Dean glanced down at his schedule again before heading to his first class. P.E first thing in the morning. Off to an awesome start. Dean groaned. History second period - snooze. Ms. Hanscum, right? He had her for history last year. Then his eyes bulged out. Who the fuck was Mr. Novak?
Cas slipped his finger into Dean's hole, and it went in with ease. “How does that feel?” he asked Dean. “More...please.” Dean asked, shoving his ass up in the air more, trying to get Cas to give him another finger. “What a good boy you're being for me, Dean.” Cas praised, pleased with Dean. he added another finger. “Yes-I wanna be good for you.” Dean said, moaning as Cas circled his fingers around inside him.
"So Jody invited us to dinner." Sam said randomly. "Oh, uh, that's nice." said Dean. "Yeah," said Sam. "and we're going. We both love Jody's cooking and we haven't seen her and the girls in a while," said Sam convincingly. "Yeah, okay." Dean agreed.
“I-I’m gay.” Castiel finally decided to say. Dean grinned and nodded at Castiel to continue sharing. “It isn’t something you really share around here in Kansas. I don’t like being back in the closet, but most parents wouldn’t want a gay teacher around their kids, and I love my job.” Castiel said. “But you’re a good teacher!” exclaimed Dean. “That’s all that matters.” “Thank you, Dean. I appreciate that, and I’m glad to have helped you.” Castiel said, Dean noticing how Castiel was starting to put up his walls.
He left the kitchen and saw that Cas wasn’t in his room, so he would probably be in the main common area. He passed some of the other hunters on his way over there and they all grinned at him. He grinned back.
He wolf whistled. “Looking good, Dean.” Sam grinned, trying to suppress a giggle. Dean did a very exaggerated curtsy. “Take it all in, little brother, I look good.” Dean said, feeling more confident. And then came Cas. “Morning, buddy.” said Dean, trying to pretend like everything was normal. Cas froze. His eyes roamed all over Deans body for longer than would be considered normal. Cas coughed. “Uh-good-good morning Dean.” Sam attempted to suppress a giggle. “Hey Cas, doesn’t Dean look good today?” asked Sam, trying to push Cas’ buttons. “Um-yes-very much so. Excuse me.” Cas coughed and practically ran out of the room. Dean was oblivious, and simply drank his coffee and shook his head. “Frickin' angels, man.”
Dean began to palm himself through his jeans, his cock achingly hard. Cas noticed this and pulled Dean back up to his height. He kissed him deeply and then pushed Dean into the bed. Dean moaned as Cas snapped his fingers and Deans boxer and jeans disappeared. He would scold Cas for using his grace for something like this later. Now, he was making out with the man he had love for years. All of his dreams and fantasies were coming true. "Cas," Dean moaned. "need you." "What do you need, Dean?" Cas asked, his deep voice turning Dean on even more. "You, need you, please Cas." Dean managed to get out. "Very well, Dean. I believe I need to prepare you." Any other time Dean would have rolled his eyes at Cas being so formal, but at this moment he just had to focus on getting the lube and a condom from his drawer. "I'm not really sure how to do this." Cas admitted. Dean didn't either but again, porn was one of his favorite pastimes. He knew the basics. He took Cas' hand and licked it, not breaking eye contact. He poured a generous amount of lube into Cas' hand and directed it lower.
Dean bustled into second period history class, along with a bunch of other guys from gym. Charlie waved at him and he grinned and went to sit next to her. She sat at the front which meant that he'd get a good view of the new teacher. "Good morning, class." Dean heard before he saw. His eyes moved from Charlie to-holy fucking shit-balls is that guy hot as fuck. "My name is Mr. Novak and I will be your teacher for the remainder of the year." he said before Dean even had a chance to process. He realized he was staring and immediately averted his eyes. Fuck, he better not have noticed, Dean thought to himself. "I see a lot of confused faces," Mr. Novak continued. "The lovely Ms. Hanscum is on leave for this year for personal reasons that I am not at liberty to discuss." he finished, his deep voice sending shivers down Deans spine. Wow, this guy is really formal, huh, Dean thought to himself. While Mr. Novak paused to pick up a stack of papers from his desk, Dean took a moment to take him all in.
“Come in.” said the deep voice of Castiel. Dean shuddered, and opened the door. “Dean!” said Castiel, brightly. “Please have a seat.” he finished. “Happy to see me?” Dean asked cheekily. Castiel stuttered for a moment before replying with, “I thought my boss was coming to reprimand me again, so this is a happy surprise. He won’t bother me if I’m with a student.” Castiel said, and Dean could tell that whoever his boss was, was a real douche.
He went up to his room and that's where he stayed for most of the break. He gave and received Christmas presents, and he tried to put on a face for Sam and Jo, but he wasn’t fooling anyone. He texted Castiel a few times, something along the lines of ‘I’m sorry’ and ‘Can we please just pretend that never happened’ but he received no response.
On Monday morning, Dean thought about staying home. He could tell Bobby and Ellen that he was sick, they would probably buy it. He decided against it. He was going to go into school and hold his head high. He wasn’t prepared to hear the all too familiar “Hello, Dean.” as he came into school.
“Come on, there’s nothing inappropriate about a little friendly chat between friends.” Dean said, trying to put on a slightly seductive voice. “I suppose not,” Castiel said, still quite unsure. “What would you like to know?” Castiel asked, worried about what Dean would say next. “Well I know that the guy already likes me, and I know what I like.” said Dean, leaning his foot forward under the table. “Then what’s the problem?” Castiel, asked impatiently. “Well, I know that I’d really love to bottom, and I’m really curious about domination.” Dean said, his foot pushing at Castiel’s legs and separating them.
So Dean got dressed and went to class. He was on his toes because of how it felt when he sat down and he loved it. The thrill of being caught was exhilarating. But then came his time for his work. He worked as a TA for one of his favorite professor's from a few years ago. "Hello, Dean." greeted Professor Novak, when he walked into the classroom early. His deep voice sent chills down Dean's spine. So what, Dean had a crush on his teacher. Okay, maybe it was a different kind of problem now that he wasn't technically Dean's teacher. They were colleagues, or more like he was Dean's boss. Their relationship was complicated.
“What did I say about...testing...me…” Cas said, his angry voice fading to moans as his thrusts grew faster and his pleasure builded. “Come in me, fill me up.” Dean whispered in Cas’ ear. “Dean…” Cas moaned as he came hard, filling up the condom. Dean sighed, wishing he could feel that inside of him. Cas thrusted a few more times, before slowly pulling out, and removing the condom from his now-soft cock. He tied it and wrapped it in tissues and put it in his bag, that wasn’t really the type of thing you leave in a school garbage can.
Castiel slid into him easily, his cock wet, and Dean’s hole well prepped. They both groaned loudly. All eyes were on them. Dean didn’t care anymore. He looked up, making eye contact with several of the people around him. His mouth hung open, his cock hard against his stomach. Castiel thrusted into him roughly, setting a harsh pace they both desperately craved. “Please, daddy. I need to come.” Dean begged. “Not yet. You can only come after daddy comes.” Dean moaned loudly, hearing Castiel call himself that. He was so close, he couldn’t take it, but he wanted to be good. Needed to be good.
"Dean, are you sure?" Cas asked, a hint of worry mixed in with the arousal. "Shut up and fuck me, angel." Dean said switching their positions so that he was straddling Cas. He sunk down on Cas' cock and they both moaned, both of them unsure if this was real. Dean gave himself a moment to adjust and then slowly began moving his hips. Cas was staring up at the beautiful man on top of him. "You are so beautiful." Cas said, still admiring Dean. Dean blushed but didn't say anything. He began moving faster and they both let out moans. This time Dean wasn't fast enough for Cas, and Cas pushed Dean into the bed switching their positions. They both moaned loudly. "Come on, Cas, faster." teased Dean, unprepared for Cas to begin fucking into him harder and faster. Dean moaned loudly and grabbed Cas' hips to steady himself, as Cas grabbed the headboard and continued fucking Dean roughly.
Cas did call Dean. And Dean called Cas. They both avoided the subject of their ‘interaction’ in Cas’ office. Neither of them brought it up even though they were both constantly thinking about it. That had changed everything. They couldn’t go back from that. There had been a noticeable change in their dynamic. Dean's family could tell he was generally in a better mood, although they didn’t know why. Sam heard Dean whispering on the phone late in the night, but he didnt know who Dean was talking to.
castiel novak: Hello, Dean. I'm sorry that I haven't responded to you sooner. As you are certainly aware, you are a minor and I am your teacher. Any romantic relationship between us would be highly inappropriate. I hope that we can continue to be friends if you're amenable to that.
“I’m so close, Cas.” Dean moaned, as Cas’ thrusts continued to hit his prostate. Cas was close too. “You wanna come?” Cas asked him, his voice even deeper in his arousal. “Please, please Cas.” Dean moaned. Cas continued to thrust hard, but moved his hand to where Deans cock was desperately rutting against the bed. “Cum for me.” Cas whispered in Dean’s ear. As soon as Cas’ hand was on him Dean came so hard he could’ve sworn he saw stars.
Castiel was sprinting, following his nose, till he found the smell, several classrooms down. He didn't even pause before bursting into the classroom. Everyone looked up at the disruption. Castiel's red eyes met the glowing gold eyes of Dean. They stared at each other for several seconds without uttering a word. "Dean..." Cas breathed out, realizing who the scent belonged to. "Cas...you..." Dean managed to whisper. Their trance was broken by a loud coughing of several uncomfortable students. They broke their gaze, but both remained frozen in their spots.
Eventually, Dean stood up. In a few short strides, he was in Castiel's arms, both their noses in each others scent glands, inhaling deeply. Cas managed to pull them both out of the doorway, and the teacher slammed the door, annoyed with the disruption. "You're an omega." Castiel finally said when they broke apart. "And you're an alpha." Dean stated back at him. "If you can't tell, that's a rather new development." Cas chuckled. "Your rut...because of me?" Dean asked, shocked. "Awkward timing, I suppose." Cas said. "Why didn't you tell me?" Cas asked. "It didn't come up." Dean lied. It had come up countless times, and Dean had weaseled his way out of it every time, but it wasn't going to be that easy this time.
They had a happy meal discussing the new development in the relationship, Dean trying to ignore the sly looks and comments Sam was giving him. Goddamn, his brother knew him so well.
Cas pulled him away from the door and kissed Dean as he pushed him onto the bed. Dean failed to hold back a moan as the angel pushed him down. He liked being manhandled, sue him. Cas pulled off Dean’s shirt, revealing his tattoo and miles of beautiful skin. He began to bite and suck marks all over. “Mine.” growled Cas. “Shit-yours, Cas.” Dean said, as he tilted his neck to the side to give Cas more access to his skin. He loved being marked. He loved the possessive side to Cas.
“You-you’re wearing...panties.” Cas said as he stared in awe at Dean. he had completely forgotten he was wearing those. He wasn’t ashamed, they made him feel good and he knew he looked hot. “You like them?” Dean asked, palming at the wet spot on his panties. Cas flipped Dean round and lifted him so he was sitting on the desk. “I love them.” Cas said, before wrapping his lips around Deans panty-clad cock. Dean bucked his hips up at the motion, but Cas didn't seem to mind.
“Enough of my personal issues, what English work do you need assistance with?” Castiel asked, trying to lighten the mood. “Oh, I don't mind.” Dean responded, curious to learn more about Castiel. There was a pause, where Dean was considering asking a follow up question, and Castiel was considering sharing, but no one said anything. “So, uh, here’s my English assignment for this week.” Dean said, pulling a paper out of his bag.
At 5:30 Dean headed downstairs. “I’m hanging out with a...friend for my birthday.” Dean said when Ellen asked him where he was going. Sam just shook his head at him. Dean flipped him off. “Be home before midnight.” Ellen told him with a hug. He hugged back. “I’ll text you on my way home.” Dean said, and opened the door.
What if it was a student? Dean couldn’t be caught in a compromising position like that. He hurriedly collected his things, wrapping a jacket around his waist, covering his crotch, and stood up to leave. Then, Castiel walked in. “Where the hell do you think you’re going?” he hissed at Dean. “I-I was just going to…” Dean stuttered. “Could I have my remote back, please?” he asked, voice soft, almost begging. “Oh, you mean this?” Cas asked, holding Dean’s remote in his hand. Dean nodded.
It was rough and desperate and it was everything. Cas had his knee in between Dean’s legs and Dean was using it to rut his hard cock against. Cas has his hands all up in Dean’s hair and Dean was loving every second of it. “B-bed.” Stuttered out Dean as soon as he had a breath.
The thing is, Dean knew he liked guys. It just wasn't one of those things that you really talked about in Kansas. Charlie and Sam were the only ones who knew. He knew Bobby and Ellen would be fine with it, but it's not like he had a reason to tell them, right? Sure, him and Benny had that fling, but nothing really happened. It's not like he had a boyfriend to bring home. And besides, he still liked girls. He definitely didn't think the new Mr. Novak was the hottest person to ever exist. Nope. Okay fine, he did. But there are plenty of hot people, it didn’t even matter.
“Tell me you don’t want me.” Dean interjected, not quite loud enough for anyone else to hear, but loud enough that Castiel couldn't pretend he didn't hear him. “I’d be lying if I did.” Castiel said with a sigh, his turn to lower his gaze. Dean sat back with a combination of shock and confusion. “Dean, I-I’m too old for you.” Castiel said, his voice quiet. “I don't care, I want you!” protested Dean. Castiel smiled sadly up at him.
Castiel’s hands dragged across his ass, occasionally squeezing, taking in the gorgeous site at his mercy. “Have you ever been spanked before?” Castiel asked, even though he knew the answer. Dean shook his head now. His eyes were open, but pointed towards the table, refusing to make eye contact with any of the guests. “I am going to spank you thirty times with my hand, you are going to count all of them out loud. All of my guests will hear you lose control.”
Dream guy spun around quickly to look at Dean. “You remember?” He asked, his voice intense.
John just gave an evil laugh and squeezed Dean’s cock painfully hard and then started tugging Dean’s jeans down.
So now Dean had to listen and be subjected to even more taunts and sneers because the demons knew he couldn’t do anything about it. Dean had thick skin, he knew could handle it. Now, however, to be forced to be in that toxic environment against his will — that was a whole other story. Dean felt tears spring to his eyes, mentally asking himself again how he could be so trusting. So naive. Here he was, Dean Winchester, blindsided by a demon. He basically handed over the most powerful weapon out there right now — himself — to the King of Hell. But worst of all? Dean had started to care, and he actually thought Crowley cared about him too.
I may or may not post another chapter later on, if not maybe mid week.  I rewrote some of this chapter, and I am really not a writer so I apologize for any mistakes.
Nothing too triggering in this chapter.  See end for notes.
Shoving the urge to scream and shake his brother at his stupidity, Sam forced his answer to come out as calm as he didn’t feel. “I never contacted Amelia.” He watched as Dean looked up with genuine surprise in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, over 300 kudos.  I am absolutely floored by the response to this story and so happy that everyone likes it.  Thank you so very much for all the kudos and I love all the comments.
Note:  In the first story Crowley sends Dean a fake alert which causes Dean to laugh.  Sam gets jealous and they fight but Dean doesn't hit back shocked at something he found out about Cas, the Mark and not wanting to hurt Sam more.  Horrified that he beat up his brother Sam tells Dean to leave.  He quickly changes his mind but Dean is already gone, having anticipated Sam asking him to leave after he said he wouldn't save him so he was ready to go.
See you Sunday.  Thank you!
Dean still looked hesitant, but then nodded, waving away the phone. Who really cared at this point if he got locked up again? Crowley was still going to be able to get him. He was anxious, but not about being held at the bunker — just about why Sam was acting this way, and the thought of seeing Cas again.
.” Dean was caught up in a horrible nightmare that at first, Cas sat down next to him, trying to shake him awake. He shook him softly, but more pain filled cries were still permeating the air, and growing desperate, he tried shaking harder only for Dean to still not respond to him.
“Dean, I do not understand.  How could you know that without talking to him?”  Cas asked, confused at Dean’s reaction.
Dean and Oberon.
I hope you enjoyed the start of the story.  There is nothing triggering in this part, just some nightmares but nothing specific.
“Don’t worry, you get used to it.” Sam said.
See end for triggers but nothing major.
The comments were great.  You're all so amazing.  I was expecting much harsher comments than I got.  I am so fortunate this story has such wonderful readers.   Once again thanks so very much for the kudos and comments.  We are creeping up on the 400 mark for kudos which is awesome.
Nothing really triggering in this chapter.
Eyes wide with fright Dean nodded.
“Cas!”  Dean cried out in the throes of passion.  Cas’ eyes had gotten dark with lust, pupils dilated to the point of completely overwhelming his irises as he looked up, watching Dean with a sultry look as he sinfully yet gently licked Dean’s cock clean.
We pick up after a bit of a time jump (2 months).
John was obviously exhausted and it was late so they all decided to get some rest before they filled in their dad about their lives. Dean tossed and turned most of the night barely sleeping. He should have known something bad would happen when he was on the verge of being happy for once Dean groused to himself but then immediately felt guilty because no matter how horrible John was, he was still his dad. Dean should be glad that he was alive, but all he could feel was fear.
On that note, I answered comments tonight and something went a bit wonky on me twice, so hopefully everyone gets a response if not I am very sorry.  I really don't know what happened.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sex with Crowley was great. Pretty mind blowing at times, but while Dean liked Crowley and cared about him, he didn’t love him, not the way he loved Ca—nope. Not thinking about him. That ship sunk in the harbor before even setting sail. Although, Dean missed him terribly, especially after seeing him three months ago. Hell, Dean missed Sam too. Sure, they’ve been apart for longer in the past, but never had it been at Dean’s choice, so this? This was a whole lot harder. At least Crowley kept tabs on Sam and let Dean know what he was doing.
Hi everyone, so I'm a day late again.  I apologize.  There are only two more fully written chapters so hopefully I can get writing and stick to the schedule.  I did have a breakthrough in how I wanted a pivotal part of the story to go and I have it written, which is a relief and totally motivated by your kudos and comments.  I'm trying really hard to not leave you guys hanging while I finish writing.
Hi everyone here are two chapters.  No triggers just some angst.
They sat on the bed just staring into each others eyes for an unknown amount of time before they were interrupted by a harsh knocking at the door.
Here.” Sam wordlessly held out his phone, and he knew he didn’t have to say anything for Dean to understand what he was offering.
Triggers include smutty dreams, non-con, and violence and John being an evil douche bag.
Hi everyone, I hope everyone is healthy and happy.  This is another rough chapter for Dean.  Things will be going downhill for Dean for a few chapters but there will be a happy ending and characters who do not act like themselves will realize it, some sooner than later, so please stick with it.
<
Dean felt Crowley hand run down his chest, his arm resting around his waist.  “Are you okay?”  Crowley asked peering down at Dean with an eyebrow raised.
I hope you like how Sam is finally starting to realize something is not quite right with John.
“‘What the hell’ is the question Dean.” Crowley snarled. “I just had an interesting talk with a demon who was at the bar you went to.” Crowley said, walking over to a chair and taking a seat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean gets tortured by Drake but at first refuses to scream not wanting to give him the satisfaction, but then Drake starts sexually assaulting him and Dean finally screams.  Benny and Crowley arrive and start to lose the fight.  Dean gets loose with the help of the Mark and helps them turn the tide before passing out.
Triggers include references to past abuse of a minor.  Crowley's memories of John forcing himself on Dean.
I hope I haven't disappointed too many people with there being no Deanmon, but I think I mentioned a long time ago the Mark is not acting like it did in canon or in my other fics.  I went a different route this time because it fit the story and I really wanted Death to be the one to help Dean, and of course I wanted to show again how Dean was willing to sacrifice himself to this place if he dies again just to save his family.
Note:  Spoilers for the first story.
Sam sat around piles and piles of books, his eyes red and gritty and his neck and back sore from the strain of being hunched over trying to decipher the text in one of the more obscure and ancient tomes the bunker had.  Frustrated at yet another useless book Sam slammed the book shut and knocked it to the floor.
Waves from witness protection.  Sorry guys.
Thank you again so very, very much for the kudos and comments.  They inspire me to keep writing.
“Is that why you seem unsteady?  Are you being hurt here?”  Dean asked with concern.
"Yeah Dean, Cas got there in time."  Sam said the look on his face a mixture of remorse and gratitude.
Sam and Cas rushed toward the room and Sam could hear Dean yelling at Crowley to use the damn pool cue and not his fingers to which Crowley just huffed.  “My way works better.”
It always amazed Dean that Cas had never delved into those memories but he was so thankful he didn’t dwell on it too much.  He had asked Cas once about whether he knew about Dean’s childhood but Cas just said those memories were locked up tight in Dean’s head and were before hell so Castiel had left them intact but alone when he rebuilt Dean.
Thanks once again for the kudos and comments and please keep them coming.  I love hearing from everyone.
“Son of a
As always thank you all so very much for the kudos and comments.  They are wonderful to get at any time but especially help when I'm sort of blocked like I am now.
Dean nodded again. His voice was stuck in his throat, and he still couldn’t bring himself to meet their gaze head on.
“Death has a cellphone?”John asked amazed.
Triggers include memories of past abuse, suicidal thoughts, self harm.
Hi everyone, a day late again, so sorry but I have two chapters tonight.  They kinda go together so I felt I should post them both.  Please remember this if I have to skip a week at some point in the future.
Cas just smiled and leaned forward and placed his lips against Dean’s gently at first and at the sound of Dean’s involuntary moan the lips became more rough and they both exploded, seeking to taste and nip and lick.  All those years of pent up feelings bursting out at the first touch of their lips to each other’s.
Only a couple of minutes later, Sam’s phone pinged.
Hi everyone, I hope you all are well.  This was originally part of one long chapter but I decided to split it up because major things happen in both of them and I didn't want one to overshadow the other.  Therefore, they are on the shorter side but don't worry there is still a lot that happens.
“You know Dean never stopped talking about you in purgatory.  I’m pretty sure I know everything there is to know about you — from what diapers you wore to when you had your first kiss.”  Benny drawled out.
Dean runs and finds himself at an unexpected place.  Sam and Dean talk.
We also have another awesome piece of art by MidnightSilver.
Please leave kudos of comments if you like the story.
Triggers are only non-con kissing and violence.
“Never!”  Cas said confidently and Dean actually believed him.  Dean opened his mouth and then closed it again.  His mind was screaming with John's threats and promises of what would happen if he ever told anyone, but he pushed the voice out and relaxed, because this was Cas, his angel.  He leaned into Cas’ hand as the angel squeezed his shoulder gently in support.
And now.
“No.” Dean said, a little too loud. Cas and Sam frowned, and Dean awkwardly cleared his throat. “No, um. I’ll just take the couch.” Dean said, waving toward it. “That okay?” Dean asked, because god forbid he dared to do something without their permission. The bunker was the farthest thing from his home now, and as much as his heart ached at that, he’d do well to keep reminding himself of the fact that they were all aware of.
I'm on my work computer this evening so I will reply to comments tomorrow.  I'm sorry again that people have to wait so long for a response from me.  I'm going to try to answer them quicker from now on because I so appreciate every single one of them.  Also on that note, when we had the maintenance I didn't get a lot of notifications so if I missed a comment I am very sorry.  I try to go back and check but sometimes things get missed.
The first week back at school was awkward as fuck. Dean still went to class, but Charlie could tell that there was tension, and not the good kind. Dean didn’t go to Castiel’s office on Monday and Friday. He’d be lying if he said he didn't miss it, but he was too embarrassed to go back there. Dean had been finishing up an assignment in the school library on Friday, when Castiel walked in. Neither of them said anything as Castiel walked up to him and pulled a chair up to his table. They weren’t the only ones in the library, but the other people were in the other corner of the room.
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean said, still pulling against the bindings in vain.
John took the decision out of Dean’s hands when he grabbed Dean pulling him into a too tight hug. Dean hesitated for a minute but noticing the goofy happy grin on Sam’s face, put his arms around his dad and patted his back pulling away as soon as possible. John smirked at Dean’s obvious discomfort, the look only noticed by Dean.
One enemy makes a move and another is revealed.
“Or what?” The demon sneered. He waved a dismissive hand behind him as his friends started to call warnings to him.
Sam flushed in discomfort at being called out on his truly stupid decision, and Dean was glad to see even Cas glare at Sam. “No, learned my lesson.” Sam said. “That was a pretty stupid thing to do.” Sam admitted.
Ok here we go, see end for notes and triggers.
“Dean, you don’t have to leave. I saw you outside the bunker.” Sam said in a low tone.
“Dean.  I thought by now the appeal would be lost.  I mean you’re all grown up.” John said as he rubbed himself against Dean.  “But boy, you’re even more beautiful than before. This is your own fault tempting me like this.”  John murmured his breath hot against Dean’s skin.
“I know, I know, not the room.”  Dean had finished with a grin.
Hi here is the second part.  No cliffhanger this time, I didn't want to do that to you all twice in a row.
Hi everyone, I hope you all had a good week.  First I just want to continue to thank you all for leaving kudos and comments.  We are over 550 now and edging closer to 575 kudos.  I really can't express how happy that makes me.
(See the end of the chapter for
This is a longer chapter because a lot will happen.  See end for triggers.
See triggers at end.
Sam stepped into the elevator and pushed the button.  Just as the doors were about to close a hand reached in and the doors opened back up and Sam swore to himself when Benny stepped into the elevator carrying a bag of groceries.
“Who are you?” Dean asked, breathless with pleasure.
“Your point?”  Sam said through gritted teeth forcing himself to relax because Dean would be very upset if he attacked Benny.
“Benny talked to me about you not remembering.  I should have helped you remember.”
Triggers for flashbacks of child physical and sexual abuse.  Suicidal thoughts.
Triggers include a lot of derogatory words from John toward Dean, and of course John being a manipulative ass.
“Oh well, my bad.” Dean said carelessly. He flung the demon's body away and stepped toward the other demon who pulled his own knife out. What a joke. It only took a few seconds before Dean had killed him too.
Dean thought for a second about coming clean to Sam, but Sam had been so happy to see John. Sam had come to terms with how John had raised them since his death, especially after finding out that he would never have had a normal life no matter what John did or didn’t do differently.  Dean couldn’t take that away from Sam. He had protected and shielded Sam his whole life from the kind of person John really was and he wasn’t going to quit doing that now. Dean would just have to cope. Besides, he was all grown up now, things were sure to be different.
Then the demon with a snap of his fingers had Dean dressed and covered up with a blanket hiding all that gorgeous skin from John’s gaze which infuriated him, and then the vampire sat on the bed and pulled Dean half into his lap.   Dean struggled a bit and kept batting away the vampire’s hands and John went to move forward, his hand going for his knife when Benny exclaimed “Quit it cher.”  And Dean huffed a laugh and let himself be hugged.  The thought of that undead thing with his hands on his property made John’s blood boil.
Dean broke free and stood.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course.  I’ve missed you too, Dean, My Everything.”  Cas said and Dean flushed harder at the pet name.
Dean clenched his eyes, seeing blue.
Dean cursed to himself. There must have been a demon there that he hadn’t noticed.
“Mother fucking asshole.”  He tried to swear but it just came out all muffled and Drake laughed.   Dean couldn’t stop the tears from falling as Drake pulled out his cock and shoved it down Dean’s throat.  Dean struggled but he was held too firmly and could only take it when Drake started to roughly fuck his face.
“Ok you know what, enough!  Here Sam these ones are all yours.”  Dean said pushing the offending pie-like things in front of the empty chair next to him.
Castiel stopped short as Dean yelled, “No!” and “stop,” and “
Castiel, his angel, was running his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean felt safe and happy.  Despite the continued nightmares and the increasing presence of the Mark, Dean was so thankful to be surrounded by his family, the odd bunch that they were.
He snapped.
The demon in front of Dean ignored his friend and proceeded to actually grab Dean, pulling him from his seat and slamming his back against the wall.
Cas frowned.  “Why not?  It’s true.  Dean, will you let me take care of you and show you how much I love you?”
Thank you so very very much for leaving kudos and comments and for just sticking with my story.  It wasn't as popular as the first but as long as even one person was able to get something from reading it is all that matters to me.
(See the end of the chapter for
As always thank you for the kudos and comments.  Special thanks to sleepyvixen and Tak for checking on me during my absence.  I sincerely appreciated that.
John thinks about sex with Dean and hurting him in the future and Crowley briefly references the abuse in his thoughts about John.
“What promise?”  Sam asked his gaze going back and forth between Dean and Death.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean took a long shower and exited the bathroom to find Crowley in the bedroom with a murderous look on his face. Oh shit.
“I uh, I don’t know. It was a flash.” Dean said. And then his mind caught up. He scowled. “Did that happen. Did you keep me in a fucking gold cage.” Dean demanded, stalking up to the Dream perv in anger. As Dean stepped close he again marveled at how much larger this guy was. He had to be about six feet eight inches or so, and his shoulders were broad, tapering down to a narrow waist and long muscular legs. If he weren’t harassing Dean in his dreams he was definitely someone Dean would look twice at.
“Listen to me Dean because we don’t have much time.''  Death said and tapped his cane, his face somewhat foreboding and Dean’s spidey senses started to tingle.  “With the Mark on your arm and the blade in your possession upon your death you were destined to turn into a demon, a Knight of Hell in fact.”  Death explained and Dean paled and felt like ice had been poured down his body.
“C'mon guys this is huge.”  Dean said.
Summary:  John tortures Dean first to get him to say he belongs to John and then to get him to say please.  Dean mocks him and rates his torture and refuses to scream for John.  Not wanting to risk really hurting Dean he tries to break him sexually but it doesn't work.  Dean says he wants Cas and John loses it and carves mine into Dean's chest.  It ends with Dean telling John he hates him and John out of ideas (at the moment).
Dean’s dick became downright painful, it was so hard hearing that forceful tone.  He barely managed a nod, too caught up in a haze of lust and want.
“Yes really.”  Death repeated his voice full of fondness.  “Now go and, what is it you are fond of saying?”  Death pondered for a moment and then smiled.  “Kick it in the ass!”
Dean spiraled between boredom, rage, blinding panic, and despair. He had no idea how long he had been here. The lights never changed and there was no clock or any way to tell how much time had passed. Dean tried to base it on how often he got hungry but with the Mark Dean could go days without eating so it really wasn’t a good indicator.
So I have most of the next chapter written but it is a very rough draft.  The chapter after I'm kind of having some trouble with so the next two chapters may take a little longer than a week to post.  Hopefully not but I just wanted to warn you ahead of time.  I hate being stuck so I'm going to try to push through it.
“Babe?” John spat out.
Oberon's plans are revealed.  Dean fights back.
“Okay share with the class, how bad did I fuck up this time?”  Dean said reverting back to his usual snark as his nerves and fear threatened to take over.
“And?” Dean asked shifting uncomfortably clad only in a small towel.
John turned back to Sam and started talking like he hadn’t just pistol whipped his son. “Sam, between your brains and research abilities, my leadership and knowledge, we will be amazing.”
Cas gave Dean a sheepish smile.  “I did.  And Benny told me to
“So fucking tight Winchester.  Gotta say I’m surprised considering how busy you’ve been, the angel, the so called King and oh yeah.”  Drake said right up against Dean’s ear that he licked and whispered.  “Daddy dearest.”
“Here to follow through on your promise?” Cain asked, hiking a brow in question and leaning nonchalantly against the wall. Dean could see the Mark on Cain's arm pulsing and burning, just as red as the one on Dean's.
“Get this through your head, Dean.” Dream Guy said as he lifted up slightly. He manhandled Dean around so he landed on his stomach.
Thanks for all the comments regarding John's death.  I'm glad everyone seemed to like how he died and who killed him.  I wrote that chapter at the very beginning and I couldn't wait to get to the point where I could post it.  Again, I really appreciate the comments and kudos.
A few days later…..
This time, he slept peacefully, and not once did Dream Guy intrude his dreams.
Dean thought frantically to himself but somehow managed a small nod.
The bar Dean entered was known to be a hangout for demons. The last two demon attacks had occurred at similar establishments and seemed to be going state to state in a straight line, so Dean felt confident that he would be able to catch up with whoever was killing the demons. It was ridiculous that Dean Winchester, renowned hunter, was protecting demons. But such was his life now. The only thing that made Dean feel a little better about it was that he had gotten Crowley to create a rule that demons were only allowed to possess dead meat suits, so at least Dean felt a little better that no more humans would have to go through the horror of being possessed.
Dean just shrugged but Crowley’s eyes narrowed as a look of uncertainty flashed across Dean’s face and he put his left hand on top of the Mark.  Crowley met his eyes with a question but Dean just gave a small shake.
“It’s fine, Dean. Thank you again, for helping me.” Cas said, his blue eyes piercing through Dean’s skull.
“No, okay. He’s not.” Dean admitted.
“I’m gonna go hit the bags for a bit.”  Dean said and Sam nodded trying not to show Dean how worried he was.
— started to move.  It was unlike any experience Dean had ever had.  He felt his very soul reaching out and Cas' grace returning the embrace, until it felt like they were merging together.  Cas increased his pace, slamming harder and harder into Dean, and Dean felt his orgasm building and building, feelings of pure love and unbelievable ecstasy filled him.  Cas reached down and grabbed Dean's shoulder right where the handprint laid beneath the skin and at that touch, Dean screamed Cas' name, his eyes remaining locked with Cas' as green and blue melded together.  Cas’ eyes burned bright, brighter still, and Dean felt the angel let go.  The air became electrified, the room shook, and all the lights in the motel blew out as they screamed each other’s names and came together.
“Or this.” Dean said, calm and cold as he pulled his blade from behind his back and jammed it into the demon.
“Come on brother, stay with us.”  He heard Benny say but it sounded really far away and Dean let the blackness take him over.
Dean heard John leave the room in a huff and glanced at Crowley who had a murderous look on his face and frowned.
“Rhode Island actually.”  Death said and grabbed a few for himself.
Hi everyone, we have I believe 5 chapters left, 4 plus the epilogue.  The next two chapters are really just one very long chapter that I split in two.  It just ran away from me, but I'm happy with it.  Hopefully you will all like it too.
Dean continued to toss and turn wishing Cas was here. Since purgatory Cas was around most nights and Dean always slept better with the angel next to him or even just in the room.  After finally falling asleep in the early morning hours, Dean was awoken by the sound of the Impala rumbling to life.
“Wimpy delicious.”  Dean replied and Death chuckled again.  “Here try this one Dean.”  Death said sliding another one over to him and Dean looked at it suspiciously.
Minutes later — or hours, Dean wasn't sure — he finally came down from his high to find himself wrapped in Cas' arms.  “Holy fucking shit!”  Dean tried to exclaim, but his voice was hoarse from the screaming and it came out as a croak which caused Cas to chuckle.
Also, I cannot express how happy all the kudos and comments have made me.  I am thrilled so many people are liking the beginning of the story and I hope I can keep you all interested through the end.  But again, I sincerely appreciate the response.
The world slowed down and all sound ceased until the boom of two gunshots filled the cabin.
“Of course, Dean.” Sam responded. “Let’s grab a few hours and then head out first thing in the morning.”
“Was n’thn.” Dean mumbled. He snorted slightly when Cas rolled his eyes.
“Ditto.”  Crowley said and raised his glass at Dean, and his black heart fluttered as Dean smiled at him.  “But thanks for the assist Squirrel.”  Crowley added.  He was amazed that Dean had managed to help turn the direction of the fight strung up and barely alive.
“Do you know how long — what I had to do in order to be King of Hell?” Crowley asked in a cold voice. The twins shook their head, wisely keeping their mouths shut. “And do you remember what I was before I became the King of Hell?”
Hi guys sorry I didn't get this up last night.  I know I left you with a nasty cliffhanger last week, so I actually wrote the last part of this chapter yesterday so you guys know Dean's fate and do not have to wait another week or two to find out.
“This is just a dream.” Dean muttered to himself. He whimpered as he felt a huge cock pressing up against his ass, now freed from the guys pants. The guy grabbed Dean’s legs and lifted them up by his thighs, wrapping them around his waist. Just as he was about to push in, the two froze when they heard a voice call out. “Dean. Dean!”
(See the end of the chapter for
When Dean was Abaddon's prisoner he pretended to be under a spell that forced him to love her to get her to trust him.
Thank you for reading and leaving kudos.
John saw Dean tense and before Dean knew what he was doing John stepped close to him and whipped his head with one of the guns before training it right back on Cas. “Ah ah ah son, stand down.” John said with a smirk and he backed away from Dean a few feet the guns never wavering.
Thank you for reading!
My previous artist was not able to finish, but I have a new artist -- the incredibly talented and sincerely wonderful person, Midnightsilver, who stepped in at the last minute and has done an incredible job so far.  I can't wait for you guys to see their picture in the next chapter, and I will probably put in an author's note when I add the rest to the parts of the story that have already been posted.
Again thank you for the comments and kudos.
Hi everyone, I apologize for being so late with this chapter.  It needed a lot of work and after the finale all my desire to write just went down the drain, but I managed to get it finished.  I like it but as you all can probably tell my writing the last couple of chapters has suffered from not having a beta and I apologize for any mistakes or wonky POVs.
“I know, but some people.”  Dean said casting another glare.  “Didn’t believe me.  Do you know anything?”  Dean asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Um.  So what is all this?”  Sam said moving and taking a seat.  He still felt uncomfortable being among Dean’s new family even though Dean bent over backwards to make sure Sam felt included.  Sam knew it was his own guilt that kept him on the sidelines but it was hard to get by it.
The guy just smiled at Dean and said the same damn frustrating answer.  “You’ll remember me soon.”
“No… stop.
Things start to go dark here and lots of hurt Dean and angst coming up.  See end for triggers.
“No!” Dean shouted but John just cocked the guns. “Dad please.” Dean pleaded. “I meant what I said before, I’ll do anything, just don’t hurt them.”
After thirty minutes or so of awkward small talk being pushed out into the strained air, Sam mentioned he had found a hunt. Figuring that was his cue to leave, Dean stood up, but stopped at the feeling of a hand on his shoulder. Dean looked at Sam, cocking his eyebrow in a silent question.
Punching bags and sparring equipment had started filling up the already impressive gym in the bunker, and Dean was often found working out his aggressions to the point where fingers almost always ended up broken and a few times even his hands and feet, which to Sam’s amusement and Dean’s grumbling that no one was buying, Cas would then heal with tender kisses.
Dean cursed again thinking about Gadreel. Dean had had the angel trapped and was gearing himself up to call Sam and Cas, because it was only fair to let them in on it — and yeah, if it was a roundabout way for Dean to actually see them, well, sue him. But somehow Gadreel escaped before Dean could even make the call. Dean wasn’t sure what he was more angry about, missing out on seeing Sam and Cas or Gadreel escaping.
It still amazed Dean that he considered Crowley a friend. After all he had been their mortal enemy and tried to kill them several times, but for some reason Crowley had softened and had helped the brothers out more than once.  And now with the threat of Abaddon bringing hell on earth, well Crowley was basically part of the team. Of course Dean was the only one who really considered him that way. Sam still wanted, and tried on occasion, to kill Crowley. And Cas and Crowley, jeez, all it took was one little thing and they exploded at each other.
“What the fuck!” The other demon who had come to the table yelled. “You can't — you're not allowed!” He said, shocked and finally showing the fear he should have afforded Dean in the first place.
And another huge thank you for reading.  Please leave kudos or comments.  I would love to hear what you thought about the ending and also this little reveal.
By the time Sam had seen enough for his brain to put together that this was real, and had actually happened, and somehow Dean had suffered through this his whole childhood while Sam had remained blissfully unaware, several minutes had passed. Sam braced himself to confront his brother as too many questions needed to be answered.
“Yeah dad. Cas is the real thing. Wings, harp, halo.” Dean said smiling at his joke trying to ease the tension.
Dream Guy rapes Dean.
Dean sat down.  “Wimpy Slinky. cool name right?”  Dean said.
The story crossed the 700 kudos mark and I'm thrilled.  To date this is my most popular story, and it's been amazing.  I have loved all the comments throughout the posting and I'm glad everyone seemed to enjoy it.  Thank you all so very much!
“Squirrel.” He called out. Dean’s gaze snapped to him, his face flushing a charming shade of pink at being caught unawares. Crowley immediately felt his pants tighten.  He said it before many times and Crowley will say it again without any difficulty, but bloody hell that boy was delectable. Crowley walked over and sat down next to Dean.
Cas' eyes burned blue for a second with a look of possessiveness that had Dean's cock valiantly trying to harden again.  “No. I will control it better now that I know what to expect.''  Cas said.  He still didn’t sound one bit repentant.  Maybe Dean would’ve had something to say about that, but he never did as the warmth and security cocooning him had him drifting off...
Dean’s heart rate increased, adrenaline flooding his body as the Mark screamed in response to Cain being in the same room as him. But under the weight of that piercing, ice blue state, Dean tried to appear calm and collected. This could be it. This could be the day Dean dies, and dies for good if Cain gets a hold of the blade.  Dean actually felt some relief sweep through him at the thought. His pain and suffering would be over. The unbearable loneliness of his existence finally over. The world finally free of the stain that was Dean Winchester. And while Dean was okay with that… he still felt the need to fight.
Triggers include Dean remembering what John did when he drugged him, Cas confronting Sam about it and just angst.
I loved the comments last week as I do every week, and thank you all again.   We are at 472 kudos, and I am so happy with the response to this story.
Hi this chapter is just a little fluff before we deal with some bad stuff.  See end for trigger.
_________
Hi everyone, I'm sorry this chapter is late, I've been sick and haven't wanted to do anything so unfortunately I haven't gotten much writing done, but this chapter was ready to go so I wanted to post it.  Hopefully I can get going and will have a chapter in the next week to a week and a half.
Please check out their tumblr page here:
“Dean, no.” Cas said, sounding heartbroken and ashamed.
Death tapped his cane and two chairs appeared.  “Sit down Dean.”  Death said.  Once seated the horseman looked more steady.
Crowley let it go for now but tugged Dean down, Dean gracefully falling to his knees in front of Crowley. He forgot all about everything while Dean put those sinful lips to use, and Crowley refused to think about the fact that when those gorgeous green orbs looked up at Crowley there was a deep abscess of sadness looking back at him before Dean shielded himself.
NOTE:  Spoiler for first part of the series.
Sam gasped and his eyes narrowed in hate, and Dean was shocked to see that look on Sam’s face directed at their father, no matter what filth John was spewing. That was the Sam Winchester look that guaranteed hurt and death and made most humans, demons and monsters quake.
“I know how much Sam means to you, Dean.” Dream Guy continued talking.
We are getting close to the end but there is still plenty of angst for Dean before it is all resolved.
“Cas?”  Dean managed to utter once the remnants from the aftermath of his orgasm started to dissipate.  “Where did you—how did you…”  Dean tried to make sense, but his brain was still mush.
Dean turned around, bracing himself for the worst. But his eyes widened in surprise when all he saw in Sam’s eyes was a gentle hope. Dean frowned in confusion.
Crowley and Dean had shared a weird look and the demon had just shrugged and with a slight blush on his face said “It’s safer here.  Just don’t …”  Crowley started to say.
“Hi.”  Dean said.  “Sorry to bother you.” Dean said casting a glare in Sam’s direction.  “So my dad…”
___________
“And Dean?” Sam asked through gritted teeth.
How many of you guessed what his plan is?  It will be revealed next chapter.
I hope you enjoy some much needed fluff after the last heavy chapters.  Nothing really triggering in this chapter.
Thanks guys I will see you next week.
“Hey, Winchester bitch,” one demon drawled. Dean just looked at him coldly. “So is it true that you can't kill us?  Wasn't that part of the deal you made, no live meat suits in exchange for you not killing us?” The demon smirked, taking Dean's silence as an answer.
I hope you all enjoyed a little POV from Gadreel.  I split it up to make the story flow better but it is a little disjointed but I think it works.
And.... I have a surprise.  Its been in the works for a while but there have been delays and I wasn't sure it would pan out but there will be art.  I have the first picture but its for a future chapter and hopefully fingers cross that I didn't jinx anything by telling you guys but the rest should be coming soon.
Next posting will be the last.
Dean's calls and prayers were blocked in an effort to separate him and Cas.  During that time Cas only kept in touch with Sam.
So that's it tonight.  The chapter is a little short, but I don't think you're going to mind.
“Yeah it’s no big deal okay.”  Dean said waving his hand hoping they would let it pass, which of course they didn’t.
“I told you to wait.”  Benny drawled.
“Maybe you need something to focus on.” Crowley said.  “There have been a bunch of demons getting killed and I need you to look into it for me and take care of the problem.”
“A wet dream? Really, Squirrel, aren’t you a little old for that.” Crowley chuckled, turning to look at Dean when he flopped back down on the bed, his mind still caught up in his nightmare/dream.
Sam walked behind his brother, just waiting for him to bolt, but thankfully, Dean, after pausing in front of the back door for a few seconds, walked in. He slowed down a bit and glanced at Sam nervously, and understanding his brother’s hesitance, Sam quickened his pace and walked into the kitchen first. Cas was seated at the table with some coffee in front of him. He looked up when Sam came in.
“Dean you’re looking good.” John said, turning his attention to Dean who was sitting on the bed across from the table and Cas was standing next to him.
Triggering stuff in this chapter.   See end notes.
Dean looked at his brother before looking away again, a small tight and embarrassed smile forcing his lips up. “I’m kinda AWOL right now,” Dean said. “Not sure how long before Crowley catches up, you know.” Dean said, quieter.
Identical expressions of relief blossomed across the creepy twins' faces. The female stepped forward. “The demons are getting fed up with how you treat him your majesty. It just…” She faltered, still afraid.
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose to try and stop the tears.
And after all this time it still hurt when John made comments like that.  Dean’s face fell a bit, but he saw the pleasure that blossomed across Sam’s face so he couldn’t be too upset.  John was right after all, Sam was special and a lot better man than Dean, but that didn’t make it hurt any less.
“I don’t want to remember you.” Dean growled out.  “I want you gone and I never wanna see you again.”
“But the one thing I never got from the countless stories was that you were such an enfant gâté.”  Benny finished with a satisfied smile when Sam’s eyes flared and he took a step forward.  He knew enough French to know Benny was calling him a child.
Okay I know a lot of you will be upset me over Cas' actions, but he doesn't really know how to deal with emotions like we humans do especially a relationship as its new to him, and I don't think its too far off from the show.  I was thinking of the alley scene when I wrote this.
Sorry no Dean this chapter, but he will be back next week and it will be rough.  This chapter really needed to happen back to back with the last one so I had to postpone Dean for a week.  Sorry about that I know you are all worried about what he's going through.
“It’s okay, Dean.”  Cas said, still using that damned tone.  Dean should’ve felt pissed to be coddled like a puppy, but coming from Cas… it was the greatest he felt yet, especially after so long.  “We’ll figure it out okay?”
“And you, Sam.” Dean asked, swiveling his head to stare at his brother. With the question burning at his tongue begging to be let out, he didn’t even realize that he was meeting Sam’s gaze easily. “You’re not drunk hunting anymore, are you?”
I hope you liked the three of them all being awesome in their own way, even though Cas and Crowley suffered a bit.
Sam snorted in amusement and Dean pointed a finger at him with a silent don’t, and turned back to Cas.  “But it’s my last good clean T-shirt.”  Dean said rubbing his hand down the shirt.  “I’ll just button up my flannel.”  Dean offered and froze when Cas growled again.
“Don’t!” Dean demanded but John just grinned. He looked a mess and Dean was amazed he was still standing but unfortunately John’s hands were steady.
When Sam kicked Dean out of the bunker he started hunting large groups of monsters and going in alone letting the Mark save him.
“Oh you just decided to go on your own.”  Dean said running his free hand agitatedly through his hair.
Crowley popped back a few minutes after that with a couple of bottles of Craig.
“Pizza man.”  Castiel replied without hesitation.
I mentioned in a few comments but this part of the story is not going to have a quick resolution with ups and downs.   We are already a few chapters in and there are at least three more before there is resolution.
Dean nodded his face flaming from shame knowing that Death knew everything John had done to him, but Death just stroked away the tear that had slid down his cheek and shook his head.
“Shush, it's my turn now, Cas.”  And with that, Dean proceeded to explore every inch of his angel.  He learned what spots made Cas gasp and what spots made him whimper.  After wringing two orgasms out of the angel — thankfully, without exploding any of the lights again — and very grateful for the angel's apparently no refractory time — Dean straddled Cas and sank down onto his hard and leaking cock in one swift, easy movement, before proceeding to give the angel the ride of his life.
Here is the second half of this monster chapter.
“Ah, yeah.  Of course Cas.”  Dean said a little relieved himself.  Aside from Lisa and Cassie, Dean didn’t really have experience with being in a relationship, and both of those had ended very badly.  Dean wanted this to be it for him so taking it slow was fine.  Yeah Dean would like nothing more than to jump into bed with Cas, having fantasized about the angel since the day he met him, but he was willing to wait.  Cas was worth it.
“What happened?”
Sam yelled as metal joined the fingers. The room started to spin. He thought he heard an “I got it,” but Sam was already tumbling into blackness.
“No I don’t, I don’t want this, I don’t want you!”  Dean screamed as Alastair played with the body he knew so well, the one he carved into a new animal.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, god no.”  Dean answered quickly.  “No matter how long it takes us to get from A to B I won’t be with anyone else.  I promise.”  Dean vowed and it really wouldn’t be a hardship for him.  He hadn’t been with anyone in a while as he was too afraid of how the trauma of purgatory would play out and after searching for so long for Cas and finally finding him he had no desire to be with anyone else.
“Hey.” Dean said calmly. He went to grab his clothes only to curse when they vanished.
“What is he doing here?  How is he back?” Crowley demanded.
“Drink up Sammy.”  Dean said with a pat on Sam’s shoulder and Sam didn’t miss the increased tremor that ran through Dean’s hands.
Dean cringed. That was just one of the memories from after Sam left, before his father had used him up so much he abandoned Dean too.
“All yours, Cas.”  Dean agreed, breathless. And then Cas kissed his hole and he felt the amazing frisson of grace.  Dean's nerve endings all fired up and he felt a bolt of ecstasy rip through him and then,
“I’m fine Sam.”  Dean said, shaking his head.
Thank you for leaving kudos and comments.  They really make my day when I see them.
Epilogue - a plot revealed.
Sam just nodded and glared as the door opened on the next floor and yet again there was no one there.  He heard Benny chuckle and anger flared up in him.  “Something funny?”  Sam snarled.
Well they weren’t around Dean 24/7 and he just needed to get to Dean and train him again.  John discretely adjusted himself as he hardened thinking about all the lessons he would be teaching his wayward son in order to gain back his blind obedience, but first he needed more information, more spells, more sigils and a way to permanently remove those two.
Drake picked up Dean’s belt from the floor and started to whip Dean’s ass with all his demon strength behind every whack.  Dean screams were muffled and his eyes were rolling.  On the verge of passing out Dean cursed the fact that Drake was such a hack.  He shouldn’t have let Dean lose this much blood if he intended on keeping him around and now Dean was afraid he wouldn’t be able to hold out.
But Sam just shushed him.  “Stay behind me!”  Sam ordered and he raised his gun.  Sam slipped the key card in quietly and at the sound of another shout from Dean, Sam pushed open the door violently and stepped into the room gun raised.
Dean is faced with an impossible decision.  Sam sees something horrifying.
Thank you!
“I, uh, I love you too, Cas.” Dean nervously.  For some insane reason, he was half expecting the angel to scrunch his face up in disgust and leave.  But Cas’ eyes lit up with a happiness that couldn’t be faked, and Dean felt his heart slow down, his mouth turned up in an answering smile.
“Hmm, interesting.” Dream Guy said. In the blink of an eye, he had several gold strings out again and tone was flung out at Dean.
“I know babe, I’m joking.” Dean said forgetting himself for a minute.
“I’m not going anywhere with you. I’m going to kill you.” Dean promised. This time, he made the advance himself and stepping forward. “You should leave and never come back.” Dean threatened.
Triggers include, attempted rape, violence and non-con touching.  References to childhood abuse.
Only triggers are references to past and potential future abuse, blood and violence.
I actually wrote this chapter before the show aired last season with the same monster.  I was trying to introduce something the show hadn't, but oh well that's what happens when you take over a year to write something.  Hope you like it.  It's bit of a break from most of the angst.
Dean, Sam and Cas talk at the bunker.
Dean heard Sam gasp and Cas swear at John as he shook his head to clear the fussiness from the hit. He wiped hastily at the blood dripping down his temple.
Cas’ expression was full of remorse and self hate.  “I know, I’m so sorry Dean.  I hurt you physically again when I swore I never would.  I was so hurt that you had been with someone else and I was…”  Cas paused, trying to find the right word to convey the emotions he still had no idea how to deal with.
Dean lectured himself. Taking a deep breath Dean stood up disengaging Cas’ hand. “Dad, this is Castiel. He said you were you so there was no need for tests.” Dean explained waving a hand at Cas.
“Dean?” Cas questioned his head tilted and his eyes narrowed.
“Not just a demon,” Crowley drawled popping back in.  “The King of Hell.”
Once again thank you for the continued comments and kudos.  Another shout out to Anotherworld3111 for helping me with editing and answering questions about which direction to go in.
Dean pictured his room in his head. The last time he was in there was when Sam kicked him out. Hopelessness, loss, and utter despair. The bare room that used to be saturated with Dean’s personality, his first real room since he was four, that’s what it represented for Dean now.
“Cas!”  Sam yelled and the angel appeared a second later.  “Read this.”  Sam demanded standing up to give the angel room.
“Heya fellas.” Dean said, sounding surprised to find himself alive as he looked around the room at everyone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas scowled again.  “Dean.  You are not going out wearing his face.”  Cas all but growled at Dean.
Over the next day and a half, they never left the bed except to clean up, use the restroom, and feed Dean.  In short, it was absolute bliss.  Dean never wanted it to end, but he knew the conversations they needed to have had been pushed off long enough.
Talking about childhood abuse, physical and sexual, forced prostitution (underage) and prostitution.
“He’s a nice...  What the fuck Dean!”  Sam repeated standing up in his agitation.  “He’s Death!”
Hint:  We hear from Cas the next chapter.
Then Death shocked himself and Dean by pulling the boy into a hug.  It was a strange sensation, probably the first hug he had ever had, but he found he liked it.
“Cute.”  Drake said as he jerked Dean’s head up by grabbing the hair at the back of his neck.  “I remember how well you took pain Dean.”  Drake said his mouth right next to Dean’s.  “I also remember how you screamed and begged when Alistair had his way with you.”
Violence, non-con touching, kissing, references to abuse.  Blood and gore.
“He’s my dad.”  Dean said sounding defeated as a look of understanding crossed Crowley’s face.  Dammit! Dean should have known the demon was aware of Dean’s history with John.
And just like that, sadness spread through Sam, because of course Dean would think that. It's not like Sam has given him any indication that he would be upset if Dean wasn’t around, so that Dean would realize it was guilt, worry, and despair, over him that had Sam drinking.
Dean kept repeating to himself watching as if from afar as Sam pushed his dad into a chair and started firing questions at John about how he is alive, how he got here, who resurrected him.
Drake took a breath and calmed down and then smiled which made Dean nervous.  He stepped behind Dean and Dean tried to turn to see what he was up to when without any warning he felt two fingers being brutally pushed into his ass.
’ on Sam and Cas’ faces. That is, if they even let him in. Sam had made his feelings about Dean pretty clear when he was shot. Although… Dean did still hold out a very small, tiny tendril of hope that Sam didn’t know what he had been saying. It was stupid of him to cling to such a fantasy, but, heh. Dean is nothing else if stupid, so why not?
“So we find ourselves in a bit of a conundrum.”  Dean opened his mouth but Death put a hand up to stop him from interrupting.  “Did you realize the consequences when taking on that Mark Dean?”
“So if I go back and die trying to save my family, I will be stuck here in this storm cloud from hell forever?”  Dean asked with dread.
Sam watched as Dean just shrugged. “Just wondering what upset you so much that you would hunt like that, all drunk and definitely not in the condition to.” Dean mumbled. Sam just stared at his brother. “Never mind.” Dean mumbled. He was embarrassed now, that he asked something personal when he didn’t have the right to.
The guy jerked back surprised, his gaze zeroing in on the Mark. “Hmm, that’s interesting. The muppet warned me about that.”
For two weeks Sam had been frantic and beside himself trying location spells, summonings and calling in favors from everyone he could, but there had been no trace of them.  And Death popping in a few times looking more and more upset hadn’t helped matters.  Then the three of them had reappeared.  Sam still didn’t know what had happened only that Cain was now dead.
“Fuck you.” Dean said. He started back away but he quickly found his forearms held in a tight, bruising grip.
For a moment, there was nothing but silence. Dean put his hand on the blade at his back, ready to charge in. He was sure things were going to get ugly quick, and sure enough, after another tension filled beat, Crowley lost it.  Flinging the two demons across the room, he started to yell.
“This key opens the door to the Men of Letters’ bunker, it contains every object, scroll, and spell collected by the order for over a thousand years under one roof.  Death explained and Dean’s eyes widened in wonder and Crowley sat up at the mention of the Men of Letters.
“Dean.”  Death replied and Dean could hear noises and dishes clanking in the background.
See you next week.  I might post another chapter this weekend since this was short but no promises.  If I can get another chapter written then I will.
Thank you for comments and kudos.
Sam decided to head back to the motel after walking around for a couple of hours.  He was thrilled Dean and Cas were together now, but sometimes feeling like a third wheel was too much and he needed to give them some space.  Of course the overwhelming guilt he felt whenever he looked at Dean was taking its toll.  The flash of relief on Dean’s face whenever Sam comes back from going somewhere on his own is a constant reminder of how many times Sam has walked away from his brother and just how much he had hurt him.  But Dean being Dean keeps telling Sam it's in the past and he has forgiven him.
“If I return back human, can I remove the Mark?”  Dean asked hopefully.
“Why try to ingrain yourself back into your brother’s life when you will be leaving it soon?” Dream guy took a step closer to Dean.
Grinning, Dean carefully extracted himself and pushed the angel onto his back.
“I’ve been trying to find that place for decades.”  Crowley said.
I know, you'll are probably disappointed Benny didn't tear John a new one, but its too early in the story for all that, there's a lot more evil John coming up.  Plus I want Cas and Sam to start thinking about things a bit, which Cas is already doing in this chapter.
Again, special thanks to KatG for beta'ing.
“That’s crazy.”  John scoffed and for a minute Dean thought John was going to say it was too dangerous for Dean or something, but of course that wasn’t the case.  “Why would you be the only one who could get such an important weapon?  That doesn’t make any sense, why wouldn’t he ask Sam, he’s the special one.”  John stated matter of factly like it was common knowledge.
Triggers include a flashback to underage forced prostitution, sexual slavery, incest.  Dean is around 16.
Hi everyone, I hope you all are healthy and safe.  I am so very sorry for being late this week.  I waited until the last minute to edit the chapter and then realized it was really short.  So then I started to add to it and it ended up three times the size it was, but I am finally happy with it after multiple edits.  Since it was a last minute write it probably has some mistakes but I didn't want you guys to have to wait any longer.   Three different point of views here.  I hope you like it.
It all fell apart when he got back an English project. The bright red ‘C’ was glaring up at him. He had completely misread the instructions and fucked up the assignment. He knew that that teacher didnt accept redos so he didn't bother asking to avoid humiliation. He knew that Bobby and Ellen wouldn't really care, but he owed it to himself to do better. He knew what he had to do.
“Alright, give it to me. You won, what do you want?” Sam grinned, although a bit disappointed that Dean remembered because he couldn’t surprise him. “On the way back to the bunker, we’re going to stop at a mall...and buy a skirt. And tomorrow, you’re going to wear it for the whole day.” Sam finished, smirking. “But...but a bunch of the other hunters-and Cas are at the bunker.” Dean spluttered. “Exactly.” Sam grinned.
Dean blanched when he saw many faces staring back at him, clearly having overheard his conversation. “Please, continue.” Castiel said, a cruel smile on his face. “I-I should go.” said Dean, starting to move towards the exit. Castiel grabbed him again, this time with a lighter touch, giving him the option to leave if he really wanted to.
Much to his surprise and delight, Castiel-Cas locked the door. Dean’s hand moved back to his jeans, and he held eye contact with Cas as he rubbed himself. “Oh, Dean, the things you do to me.” Cas said, his voice even deeper than usual. The tent in his tent was extremely obvious. Dean moaned at the sight. “Is this what you want?” Cas asked through gritted teeth, his palm over his crotch, willing his erection to go down.
Dean tried to focus on the road, careful not to veer out of the lane. His mind flashed back to a much older, and long forgotten memory.
Dean woke up the next morning and had to remind himself not to take the pill he had been taking every day for the past two years. His parents said he could stay home until his heat started, but it could take a few days so he decided to go to school anyways. He felt naked, as though everyone could tell his secret, but no one noticed. He got more comfortable as the day went on. He asked Charlie to scent him, and she couldn't tell the difference yet. The day passed normally.
It was lube. Dean wondered if Cas would jerk off in his office and think of Dean. Fuck. That thought drove him crazy and he bucked his hips up into nothing. Cas placed the bottle of lube down on the desk and cupped Dean through his jeans. Fuck, that felt amazing. “Please, Cas.” Dean whimpered. “Patience.” Cas murmured into his neck. Cas unzipped his jeans and pulled them down. Dean heard a gasp.
Dean sat in the Impala trying not to think about it, not to think about him, not to think about Cas, not to think about them. It's hard to focus on driving when your mind won't stop wandering to your best friend, that you may or may not have feelings for. He could feel Sam's eyes boring into him. "Dean..." Sam started, "Don't." said Dean not wanting to hear Sam's opinion right now. They had places to be, people to save, and monsters to kill. That didn't stop Dean's mind to wander to thoughts of Cas, the cruel voice of John Winchester as background noise.
He handed the paper to Castiel, and his hand lingered for a moment. Dean hadn’t been having trouble with motivation, but ever since he got a C, he couldn’t think of anything. “Ah, a personal essay.” Castiel said breaking the silence, after he finished reading the paper. “Many people, including myself, have a hard time writing about themselves, so I understand your confusion.” Castiel said reassuring Dean. “I have plenty to talk about,” Dean said, trying to explain himself. “I just don’t know what.” he decided to finish with.
They stopped at a mall on their way back from the hunt. Sam made Dean try on a bunch of skirts, and made sure the one he picked fit him properly so he couldn’t back out at the last minute. It was a black mini-skirt, because of-fucking-course it was.
“This is, uh, real nice, Cas, thanks.” said Dean. “You’re welcome, Dean. You deserve good things.” Dean blushed. “Please sit.” Cas said, motioning to the seat across to him. Cas served Dean and then himself, and then they both sat there awkwardly. “Let’s address the elephant in the room.” Cas said, breaking the silence. “What’s there to say?” asked Dean, stubbornly.
Graduation passed quickly. When everyone found out that Dean and Cas were an item, there were a ton of mixed reactions. Bobby tried to punch Cas, but they eventually had a civil discussion and found neutral ground. Ellen and Jo adored Cas. Sam and Charlie became close friends with Cas. Dean and Gabe slowly became good friends, and Jody was very maternal with Dean. Their friend groups mingled well.
"I'm going to the car." Dean started, slowly looking up at Cas to gauge his reaction. Cas nodded slowly. Dean started to walk backwards, maintaining eye contact as he slowly moved towards the doors. Cas stayed in place, eyes on Dean as he moved. Dean turned around, and then ran out the door, as the fresh air hit his nose, so did the scent of his alpha gaining on him. As soon as he unlocked the doors to the Impala, he was being tackled onto the seat, a comfortably heavy weight on him. "I want you too, Cas." said Dean after he caught his breath.
To their surprise they found Sam, and-what the fuck? Charlie was there blowing a party horn and looking a bit embarrassed. In addition to Charlie; Jody, Donna, Mary, and yes even Ketch, Crowley, and Gabriel were there. There were tons of claps, 'congratulations,' 'fucking finally's' and some wolf whistles. Dean swore he could've seen Chuck in the background giving them a thumbs up and winking. Cas was blushing aggressively and Dean was in a state of shock. Dean turned to Sam who look slightly embarrassed and proud of himself. Dean began to glare but Sam interjected with "What? You're the one who decided to have extremely loud sex in the bunker that we share, I deserve some payback!" And, well, Sammy was right. Dean blushed, still holding Cas' hand. Fuck it! He had already overcome so many roadblocks! He kissed Cas in front of his family and they cheered. Everyone was so happy for them. Everyone had watched them silently wallow and pine after each other for years, and they were so proud of them. Dean and Cas pulled apart and they smiled at each other.
Of his own accord, Dean turned back to lying on his stomach, unknowingly sticking his ass back in the air. He felt Cas push the tip of his cock against his rim, and they both moaned as Cas bottomed out. “Good boy, Dean, taking me so well.” Cas murmured, truly in awe of how well Dean was taking him, as though their bodies were made for each other. As they both accustomed themselves to this new situation, Cas began to move.
“I see.” Castiel said, pausing for a moment, clearly deep in thought. “Well then, I’d be happy to help however I can.” he finished. “Great!” said Dean, much too excitedly. “Our lunch periods don’t line up, so I will see you after school on Mondays and Fridays in my office.” Castiel said. “Yes, sir.” Dean said with a cocky grin, and walked out of the classroom, not noticing Castiel crossing his legs.
Cas pushed the things cluttering the desk onto the floor, and gently pushed Dean to lay down on the desk, settling comfortably above him. When their lips broke apart, Dean whimpered “Please.” Cas smiled at him, and softly rubbed one of his hands over Dean’s crotch, and Dean bucked his hips up. He stared up at Cas, silently begging for more.
Dean sighed in relief. He smiled back and walked over to the office. He sat down awkwardly and reached over for the stack of papers to mark. He reached into his bag for a pen but couldn’t find one. Fuck. He knew Castiel had plenty, but also he didn’t like people touching his stuff. Dean emptied the contents of his pockets, dumping them out onto the desk, hoping to find a pen somewhere. Thankfully, among the pile of things from his pockets, there was a pen. He settled into the chair, smiling to himself as he felt the plug nudging him. He heard the faint sound of students piling into the classroom.
Can you look me in the eye? Can you tell me there’s nothing between us? Screw what everyone else has to say and tell me what you feel. I hate you. I-I love you.
-a few days later-
The next day was fine. He opened up his pill bottle and right as the pill landed in his hand, he remembered that he couldn't take it. He sighed and put the pill back in its bottle. Dean went out for lunch with Charlie and Ash, they got sushi. Dean's stomach ache started a few hours later but he dismissed it due to the sushi. It continued on throughout the day but he tried to ignore it. When Dean woke up the next morning his stomach was worse, but he had a test in the afternoon and he really didn't want to miss it. When he went downstairs before going to school, his mom gave him a strange look. He didn't notice.
”Apologies for the delay.” He said awkwardly. He pressed the next button but the slide still stayed the same. He started to get worried. The students began to chatter amongst themselves. He pressed all the buttons, in order. Nothing happened. Maybe it needed a new battery? He wasn’t really sure how it worked. “I’ll just be a moment.” He told the class, as he went to go ask Dean about the problem. He went over to his office and opened the door. His eyes immediately opened wide in shock.
“And why is that?” Castiel finally asked, eyebrow raised in question, seemingly mocking him. “You know how well we got along...now that you’re not my teacher, I was thinking we put that ‘bond’ to better use.” Dean said, with a small step forward, a shy but cocky grin on his face, completely oblivious to the quiet voices in the background. Castiel stood frozen in his place. “Dean-that is highly inappropriate.” he said simply, face devoid of emotion.
Cas zipped himself up and stared over at Dean, still laying on the desk. He was so beautiful. He walked back over to the desk and pulled Dean up to a sitting position. “Are you okay?” he asked gently. “I’m perfect.” Dean said, smiling at him. “You were so good for me.” Cas murmured in his ear as he helped clean and dress Dean.
They arrived in Sioux Falls later that day, a bit early for dinnertime. Claire opened the door when they arrived and quickly hugged both of them. The brothers waved to Alex and Patience and went to find Jody. They both hugged her tightly and complimented how the food smells. Alex left soon after for her shift at the hospital, and Patience left for the library to study. Claire and Jody both insisted that the boys make themselves comfortable while they waited for the food. The doorbell rang and both of the boys stood up, Dean more surprised than Sam. Jody blushed slightly and checked her appearance and then rushed to the door. Dean has his eyebrows raised and was expecting a random guy to come through. His eyebrows raised even higher when they saw Donna waiting there and Sam was shocked at how high Dean's eyebrows raised when he saw Donna and Jody kiss. Sam just grinned and went to hug Donna. Dean followed suit, still shocked and confused. Dean regained his composure when they were all seated at the table. "So...you two, huh?" Dean asked trying to be calm, and not act excited, attempting to keep John Winchesters voice at bay. Donna and Jody both blushed and held each others hands to show the boys. Sam and Claire both grinned, clearly already in the know. Dean was going to have a talking-to with Sam after this. "We've been seeing each other for two months." Jody grinned, probably the happiest Dean had ever seen her.
Cas knew before that Dean wanted that, but after hearing him beg, he couldn't resist. Cas poured some lube over his cock, and pushed Deans panties aside. He thrusted in slowly. The sensations for both of them were overwhelming. “Dean...you feel so good.” Cas murmured, as he started to thrust harder and deeper. “So good, Cas.” Dean moaned, muffled by the pillow his face was against. “So beautiful...so perfect for me…” Cas mumbled out praise after praise. Dean was floating and taking every thrust.
Once Dean had removed all of his clothes, he looked at Castiel with pleading eyes. His semi hard cock was visible to all near them. “Bend over.” Castiel said, telling not asking. He gestured to the table in front of them. It was lower than a regular table, so Dean’s ass was high in the air, perfectly on display for Castiel’s eyes.
“I’m afraid that's all the time I have for today.” Castiel eventually said. Dean didn’t want to impose or make things more awkward, so he packed up his back. “Thanks for your help.” he said with a grin. “Have a good weekend, Sir.” Dean said as he headed out the door. “Have a good weekend, Dean.”
It was a few days before they were supposed to go back to school when Dean heard back from Castiel. He panicked when he heard the familiar text sound he related fondly to Cas. But now, all that that sound incited in him was terror. He was expecting a ‘stay away from me’ or a ‘don’t come near me’ text that he waited a long time before opening the message.
“No more secrets, okay?” Charlie asked, and Dean nodded. “We’re best friends, you’ve gotta tell me everything!” she persisted. “Okay, okay.” Dean said, smiling and hugging her. She pulled him out of the classroom and made him skip down the hallway with her. He sighed, going along with her. It was going to be a long day.
dean: sure. friends sounds good. c u on monday
It was third grade. Mary had died a few years ago, and John was still suffering. Dean had already felt the parental duties to Sam weighing down on him. But with Benji, none of that mattered. Benji was his best friend in that school. They hadn't known each other long, as Dean had just came to that particular city a few weeks ago. They instantly connected, as young children did. One day, Dean came to school upset, John was drunk the night before and was especially cruel. At the end of the day, Dean was worried about going home to John, worried about what John would do to him, but especially little Sammy. As the bell rang and they waited for parents to arrive, Benji gave Dean a tight hug. John arrived to see another boy embracing his son for a moment too long, and wrenched Dean from his arms. John grabbed Dean away and pulled him to Sam's classroom to get him, and dragged them both from the school. John gave no explanation, but Dean saw the look in his eyes and knew not to argue. They never returned to that school, and Dean never saw Benji again. That was the closest thing he'd had to a friend other than Sammy, until Cas.
It was a late night. One of those tired, half-conscious decisions. Dean knew where Castiel lived - had for years. He had driven past over the years. He had never stopped before, until now. He didn’t pause or stop to think before walking up to the door and ringing the bell. He didn’t realize that all the parked cars on the street were for the same house he was waiting in front of.
castiel novak: Hello, Dean. It is no problem, that is why I gave my students this number, after all. What ideas have you thought of so far?
"Please, Alpha. I need you." Dean begged, rocking back on the one finger he was given. Cas bit his tongue to avoid moaning, the sight before him was the most beautiful he had ever seen. His omega beneath him, ass in the air, dripping and begging for him. Life couldn't get much better than this. He stroked himself a few more times, and gave Dean a second finger. Dean continued to rock back on it, the slick easing the way with little resistance. "Come on, Cas, fuck me." Dean begged like a brat, his body craving more. "I'm ready, please?" Dean asked, turning his head to see Cas' reaction. "You're ready when I say you are." Cas said, with a smack to Dean's ass to shut him up.
Dean noticed Castiel’s eyes popping up right away. He froze, panicking, wondering if he made a mistake. Getting hate crimed was not on his list of things to do today. “I-you’re the third person I’ve told.” Dean said quietly, shrinking back into his seat. “Thank you for trusting me, Dean.” Castiel said softly, reaching out his head and then pulling it back quickly. “I’m honoured that you chose to tell me.” he said, smiling kindly at Dean. Dean sat up properly, a big smile forming on his face.
When they got back to the bunker Dean immediately went back to his room and stayed there the whole night.
"Are you sure?" Cas asked, needing to be sure. "I wanted you before my heat, I want you now, and I will want you after." Dean said, more sure of himself than ever. "Good." Cas said, comforted by the very explicit consent. Cas lowered his nose down to Dean's scent gland, taking in a deep whiff of his omega in heat. He wondered if Dean could feel him getting hard through his pants. Dean's hips bucking up against his showed that he did. As Cas lifted his nose from Dean's neck, their gazes met. They stared at each other, the reality of the situation hitting them. They were about to pass the point of no return, and neither of them had a doubt.
After they finished the meal, they hugged the girls and left for the Impala. They were silent while walking to the car, but the haranguing would begin when they were both in the car. Dean was silent as they got into the car and began when they were on the highway, heading back to the bunker. Dean sighed, not wanting to confront Sam, but preferring to be in control of the situation. "I know what you're playing at." Dean decided to start with. "And what's that?" Sam responded cockily. "Don't make me say it." said Dean, already frustrated. "Fine I'll say it then," said Sam. "You're in love with Cas and for whatever reason you're torturing yourself and denying yourself. You must know by now that he feels the same. Why are you doing this to yourself? I'm your brother, I know you, but I can't understand why." He ended with a tone of compassion and Dean softened a bit. "Let me guess, Charlie called you?" Dean asked, trying to bring humor to the heavy conversation. 'She didn't have to." Sam shook his head and smiled.
They stayed there for a few minutes, in silence, wrapped around each other, Dean still against the wall. Eventually, Cas pulled out, and gently helped Dean to his feet, both of them somewhat shaky. “I’m sorry if I-” Cas started, but Dean cut him off with a kiss. “Okay.” Cas said with a smile. “Okay.” Dean smiled back.
Dean lifted his head up to pull Cas into a kiss which he quickly returned. Their lips moved in sync with each other. Cas' hands were in Dean's hair and Dean's hands travelled down Cas' back. The scents of alpha in rut and omega in heat filled the Impala, and the windows fogged up. They didn't notice. Their make out session didn't last long before Dean's heat began to spike. He could feel it coming, and Cas could smell it. "Please." Dean whimpered, desperate for any touch that Cas could give him.
Cas eventually turned them over to spoon while they waited for his knot to deflate. He kissed all over Dean's neck and scent gland. The Impala was filled with the scent of happy omega. Dean's eyes were closed, and he smiled contentedly. He was with his mate to be, his best friend, in his car, after the best sex ever. "Are you okay?" Cas asked, checking in on him. "I'm perfect." Dean responded.
Finally, Cas lifted up Dean's skirt to reveal his hard cock trapped in the panties, a huge wet spot spreading from his pre-cum. Cas didn't even try to stifle his gasp as he stared at the beautiful sight before him. “I love you like this.” Cas whispered, his eyes dark with lust. Dean just moaned in response. He sucked on Deans cock through the panties, and Dean moaned even louder, the feeling was unreal.
“Dean, I’m worried that our-relationship is having an impact on your education.” Castiel decided to start with. Dean didn't make eye contact. “My education’s just fine, Mr. Novak.” Dean said, eyes glued to his textbook, still. “Look at me, Dean.” Castiel said. Dean slowly lifted his head, tears slowly forming in his eyes. There was a pause while Castiel was thinking of what to say, but Dean interrupted him.
Just as he was thinking that, Cas himself walked into the office. How had Dean not heard him walking over? It didn’t matter anymore, he was so close. The vibrations were at the highest setting, his hand rubbing over his cock, and Cas wide-eyed and staring at him. He came with a soft whimper, hot come filling his pants, the overstimulating vibrations continuing to make him shake. He only let out a soft whimper, but Cas knew.
Dean was pulled out of his trance by the sight of Cas’ cock. He was thick and curved and bright red and dripping. Deans mouth watered at the sight. Dean started to reach his hand towards him, but Cas pushed him away. Cas gently pushed him to a laying down position on the desk and grabbed the lube. He poured some onto his long fingers and gently traced Dean's hole, his other hand slowly jerking himself off, he couldn't wait.
They didn't text for a while after that. Dean thought about it, but he was too mortified about the last time to leave his history assignments to the last minute. Class was going smoothly, and his, erm, bodily reactions were kept to a minimum, much to Deans gratitude. It wasn’t until Gordon mouthed off that Dean lost his cool. He was pissed at Dean for not letting him cheat, and was quite loud about it. Thankfully, Mr. Novak was not a teacher to stand by, but one to immediately send Walker to the office in his deep, rumbling voice. Fuck, that was hot.
Dean woke up with his alarm. He groaned and rolled over in bed. He wiped the sleep from his eyes, and his eyes shot open when he remembered the events of yesterday. He groaned again and buried his face in his pillow.
"I was born in New York. No, not the city, I can't stand it. I majored in history with a minor in religious studies, so you know I am qualified to teach this class, unlike some teachers." Castiel, coughed, seemingly regretting the snarky comment he made. Dean chuckled under his breath. "I taught abroad in Europe for 8 years, but returned to America because my brother and his wife are having a baby." Castiel continued. There were a few quiet congratulations from a few of the students, but Dean continued to quietly stare. He could tell Castiel was beginning to get nervous, and the other students becoming restless. Chatter began to build, and Dean coughed, seemingly pulling Castiel from his trance. "Please fill out the information page about yourself, with as much as you feel comfortable sharing." Castiel finished, his confidence seemingly returned.
Dean began to whisper. “Well, you know how Kansas sex ed is, and you know-how hard it is to find helpful information for gay people.” “Yes, the American sex education system has failed many.” Castiel said. “Well, since we’re friends, and you’re gay, I thought you could help me out. You see, there’s this guy, and I’m a virgin, so I want to know how to make it good for him, and for me.” Dean said, his voice still a whisper. Castiel was sitting up very straight, and Dean smiled to himself as he noticed Castiel crossing his legs. “Dean, I hardly think that would be appropriate given our...history.” Castiel said.
They arrived to their latest motel shortly after. They walked in and paid, the brothers not saying anything to each other. They went to their room, Dean closing the door and throwing his bag on the ground, sighing. "Dean..." Sam began as he said on the bed. "What, Sam?" Dean snapped at his brother. "Look I know something's bothering you and I know you probably don't want to talk about it, but what you're doing, it's just, it's not healthy. Dean, it's eating you up." Sam finished, with worry in his eyes. "Since when am I ever healthy, Sammy?" Dean asked, trying to deflect with humor. Sam sighed, exasperated. "Fine, if you won't talk to me will you at least talk to Cas?" Dean blanched as Sam said his name. "Whoa, whoa, okay then." said Sam, noticing his reaction immediately. "What about Charlie, then?" he countered. A light bulb appeared in Dean's eyes, "Fine." he grumbled, not wanting to give Sam the satisfaction.
“So patient, you’re doing so well for me.” Castiel praised. He slowly removed the three fingers from Dean, hearing the squelch as they came out. “Stand up. Castiel commanded. Dean stood with shaky feet. He stared at the hard, dripping cock in front of him and his mouth watered. “Eyes up here.” Castiel said with a smirk. Dean blushed and looked up. Castiel pulled him in by the neck for a kiss, their first one. Dean easily melted into it, the feel of their lips against each other, their cocks rubbing against each other, agonizingly slowly.
“There’s a lot of things I want, Cas.” Dean said, smirking, despite his aroused state. Little did he know, Cas loved being called that by him. Dean stood to go over to him, desperately wanting to get on his knees. Cas stopped him in his tracks. Cas grabbed him by the arm and pushed him over the desk. Dean’s tented jeans getting a perfect chance to rut against the desk. “Fuck.” he mumbled. “Language.” he heard before he felt a hot and hard body behind his own.
They dressed in between small kisses and decided to face the day together. They went to the kitchen and Dean was surprised to not see Sam there. "Sammy?" He called out anxiously. He grabbed Cas' hand and pulled him out of the kitchen to go find Sam.
“Cas...I’m so close...I wanna come...please.” Dean begged, his voice rough and cracking, he could barely form the sentence, pleasure coursing through him. “Come for me, Dean.” Cas growled in his ear with a particularly hard thrust against his prostate, and Dean came so hard, seeing stars. Cas felt Dean clenching around him and hearing all of the beautiful noises Dean was making, and he came hard inside of Dean. He moaned deep and low.
“I’m so close. Please let me come, daddy.” Dean begged, his voice breaking with his whimpers. “Fuck.” Castiel muttered. Dean’s dirty talk got to him as well. “I’m gonna cum.” Castiel said, followed by a deep groan, and harsher thrusts. “Please come in me, daddy.” cried Dean. Castiel groaned loudly, and he came hard deep inside of Dean. He gave a few more short thrusts pushing his cum inside Dean, as he reached a hand over and thumbed at Dean’s slit. At the slight contact after the extended overstimulation, Dean came hard with a cry all over the table.
The first week of school went by uneventfully. Dean hung out with Charlie and Ash and Benny at lunch and sat with at least one of his friends in all of his classes. He definitely didn't check out any of the guys in the locker room after gym class when they were all sweaty. Nope.
“Hi, Castiel.” Dean said, sauntering into the small office. Castiel froze from Dean's use of his first name. “Hello, Dean. I didn't realize we were on a first name basis.” Castiel said, his posture relaxing. “Well I sure hope we are.” Dean grinned. “I really enjoy our talks.” started Dean. “As do I.” said Castiel hesitantly. “And your company. And, well, you.” Dean decided to go with. Castiel was just staring. Fuck it, Dean muttered under his breath. He stood up and grabbed Castiels’ face with both of his hands and kissed him.
Dean began to cry. Hot tears fell freely, he didn’t even think to care about how loud he was. Sam opened the door and saw Dean crying on his bed, phone tossed to the side. Sam sat next to Dean and held him as he cried. He didn’t ask any questions. They never mentioned it again.
It left a bright red handprint, and Dean loved it maybe too much. He moaned loudly, and Cas almost lost it. He roughly shoved in two more fingers, and Dean yelped at the intrusion. "Isn't this what you wanted?" Cas asked, smirking. Dean continued to be a brat, and rocked back on all four fingers harshly. "I want your knot alpha, please." He said with a whimper, Cas' hands in him felt so good, but he knew it wasn't enough. When it was too much, Cas pulled his fingers out, and licked the slick off of them. Dean's hole clenched around nothing and Cas laughed. Dean pressed his ass even further back.
Cas moved the panties down slightly, and Dean's cock sprang out, leaving pre-cum on his stomach. Cas sucked hard on the head and Dean almost came from just that. “Fuck, Cas.” Dean managed to get out. “I’m not done with you, yet.” Said Cas. Dean loved that Cas was in control. Cas flipped Dean over so he was on his stomach. Dean had his ass in the air almost immediately, he could be embarrassed later, but now he couldn't care less.
The class became quiet again after everyone had a pencil and began to start. Dean was surprised and happy to see that Castiel had asked for pronouns. Dean filled in he/him, giving Charlie a soft smile, and she smiled back. The rest was usual mumbo-jumbo, but he appreciated the section at the end where Castiel asked about mental health and family situations to be aware of. Dean was the first to hand in his paper, and he held onto it for longer than necessary in the hopes that their hands would touch. "Thank you-" Castiel looked down at the paper "Dean." he gave a small smile up at Dean and he returned it. Maybe the first day wasn't so bad.
Dean drove two hours to the latest apartment that Charlie was staying at. She was very confused, as Dean refused to discuss on the phone what he needed to talk about. She welcomed him in with a tight hug. "What's on your mind, Dean-O?" Charlie asked. Dean stared at the pride flag in her living room for a moment too long, and recognition sparked in Charlie's eyes at once. Charlie knew Dean. He was practically her brother. She knew how to get him to talk, how to push him, but never too hard. She looked over at Dean, who had stolen a beer from her fridge and was drinking it absentmindedly at her table. He stared off into the distance as Charlie thought about her plan of action. An idea sparked in her head, and she walked over to sit down with Dean. "I realized I liked girls when I was twelve," she began, pretending not to notice how quickly Dean's eyes rose to meet hers. "It's always been part of me," she continued. "Uh, good for you, Charlie." Dean said, pretending to be disinterested. She chuckled and continued anyways. "I kissed a few boys when I was 14, at one of the few high school parties I went to. It was okay I guess, but nothing really special." "What, no juicy details for me?" Dean laughed and waggled his eyebrows at her. She rolled her eyes at him and still kept going. "I had my first girlfriend when i was 15, in sophomore year. Her name was Rose. I had never felt anything like it before. There were fireworks and all that jazz," she giggled, remembering the old days. "I had finally allowed myself to be true to who I was and I felt free. It didn't matter what anyone said or thought." She smiled reminiscing. "Of course it didn't last very long, as high school relationships do." She laughed awkwardly, hoping that didn't ruin the point she was trying to get across. "I knew then, that I couldn't hide anymore, I had to live my truth."
The last two chapters are written and one is completely edited.  As soon as the last picture (yes we have another one coming) is done I will post.  I'm still on the fence about whether to do two epilogues or just make the first one a chapter.
“Fuck!” Dean wasn’t going to lose his angel; he screamed to himself. Dean turned and saw John’s fingers tense on the triggers and screamed. “No please!” His cry anguished as his gaze swept the room looking for anything to help, and then he saw it - the handle of John’s gun sticking out from beneath the throw rug, flung there when John had used the shock collar on him for the first time.
“No!”  Dean whispered in denial.  “No, no, no, I can’t be a demon?”  Dean stated his voice full of horror.
(See the end of the chapter for
Another nasty cliff hanger, sorry I can't help myself (evil grin).
Thirty minutes later, his entire back, from shoulders to feet, was healed and clean.  And still, Dean was tense with anticipation as Cas was now kneading his ass a few times before he gently pulled his cheeks apart.  “So beautiful, Dean.  My Everything, all mine.”  Cas growled.
“Cas, what are you — let me up.”  Dean tried to sit up, but Cas just pushed him back with a slight growl which went straight to Dean’s cock.
I tried my best with the French/Cajun sayings but I apologize if I messed them up.
With no other choice, Castiel put two fingers on Dean’s forehead and used some of his grace to pull Dean from his nightmare. He was surprised but pleased that the Mark let him do so. Dean’s eyes popped open and he gasped, his eyes wild with terror. Castiel swiftly gathered Dean in his arms, rocking him gently.
Sam thought back to that horrible time when Cas had been busy in heaven and Crowley had disappeared.  Shaken but determined Dean had taken the First Blade and gone after him leaving Sam to do research and then he too promptly disappeared.  Cas in the typical horror show fashion also left to find Dean and didn’t return.
“Yes we need to talk about that Dean.  You do find a way to get yourself into cosmic-sized messes don’t you.”  Death said, his tone serious.
“Keep you chained to the bed, use you whenever I want, maybe even sell you a few times so we don’t need to deal with the stolen cards anymore. Then when we figure out the monster we bring you in for the kill. Our very own little bitch, tearing into monsters and then turning ass up for us when done. What’d you think Sam. You in? I bet you always wanted a piece of that ass, I mean anyone who looks at him does.” John said with a leer.
Triggers include more child sexual abuse and violence.
Dean is punished by Crowley and has an unwelcome visitor.
“Look it’s no big deal okay.  We’ve just gone to some of his favorite places.  Get this.”  Dean said getting excited at the memory.  We went to this Folk Festival in 1951 where the first funnel cakes were ever served.  Man, they were so good.  I ate so much I almost puked.”  Dean said flushing in pleasure at the memory.
“No lock down this time, I promise.” Sam said earnestly.
“Wimpy Skippies.”  Death said and once again Sam blinked at such an absurd phrase coming out of the horseman’s mouth.
Crowley stared at Dean for a minute or two. “Okay. I’ll give you that one, Dean. However, I sincerely doubt you were in mortal danger. Let me ask you this? Is Cain dead?” Crowley snarled, wrapping a hand around Dean’s throat.
Dean nodded and he absently rubbed at the Mark on his arm, which surprisingly was still there and was angry and red, pulsing even.
Here we go, this is the last chapter and the second epilogue.  It you want a nice fluffy drama free ending of imagining them finding the cure after locating the bunker and everything being okay, I would suggesting not reading this chapter and ending with the last one.
Jeff and Joe have video of the flashback Dean had along with others which depict Dean being abused sexually and physically and also show John raping Dean.  They attempt to blackmail Dean with them.  Sam interrupts and Dean almost kills Jeff and Joe.  Sam gets scared of Dean.
Ignoring the familiar argument Sam barreled into the room and plopped his notes and the book right on the pool table which caused Dean to frown but then Crowley read the text and his eyes widened in shock.  All three looked up and stared at Dean.
“Dean, you're really hurt.”  Cas said.  Dean just smirked.
“I do not know.”  Death answered honestly.
(See the end of the chapter for
“poor little thing” - pauv reti bete
Have a great week everybody.
That just left Crowley, Benny, Cas and Dean and it quickly became uncomfortable with Dean continuing to look away when Cas would turn to look at him and Cas doing the same when Dean turned to him.  Then finally Cas caught Dean’s eyes and opened his mouth like he was going to say something and Dean’s heart started to race in anticipation of the angel talking to him but then Cas closed his mouth and averted his eyes obviously changing his mind.  Crestfallen Dean stared at the bed trying to control his emotions and stop himself from pleading with the angel to forgive him and give him another chance despite how obvious it was that Cas still didn’t want anything to do with Dean.
***********************************
The loud sound caused Dean to jump in surprise and tense, his eyes going hard and predatory for just a second before he blinked and his eyes returned to normal —  well normal for Dean nowadays.  The Mark was getting harder and harder for Dean to control and it was taking a toll on him.  While he was thinner than usual, he was almost solid muscle now; there were clear tension lines across his face; and his hands were almost always shaking slightly.
**************************************
John was holding a strange looking gun in his other hand.
“Yeah, but there are things you don’t know about me, Cas.  Things about my dad.”  Dean said.  He shivered, his dad’s voice screaming in his head to never tell anyone.
Dean’s eyes widened in panic. Crowley, following Dean’s gaze, growled. “What the hell. Did he…”
Dean watched in horror as everything seemed to be in slow motion as the three demons fighting Benny got the upper hand and the angel blade Benny was fighting with was flung out of his hands and it landed a few feet from where Dean was hanging.  They were forcing Benny to his knees as one pulled out a large knife.
Crowley and Dean hadn’t been able to figure out what was happening.  As far as Crowley could tell, there was no demon attacking Dean or any other monster that he knew of. Crowley tripled the wards on the house, yet still, without fail, every couple of nights Dean was bolting upright from a nightmare.
Dean backed away at the power he could feel pouring off the guy and then squinted in confusion when the guy pulled two long pieces of gold thread from his pocket.  They looked like golden pieces of dental floss, they were so thin, and then they wobbled and bounced in the air.
“I imagine if you stayed in limbo you would eventually go insane but honestly Dean other than Cain who is still alive, albeit a demon, this is unprecedented.  I simply do not know.”  Death explained.
Nothing really triggering in this chapter.
“You can go back to being a human, back to all the pain and fear, which could possibly lead to you being right back here again at which time I will not be able to help you, or you will turn into a Knight of Hell if you die after being united with the Blade.  Death explained and Dean’s face lost all color and his eyes were blown wide with fear and regret.
“I think that would be best for now.”  Cas answered smiling again when Dean grabbed Cas’ other hand and gripped it tight.
“Well.., I..  You were yelling Dean.”  Sam finished his voice petering out as red bloomed across his cheeks in embarrassment at overreacting, which turned into a scowl when Benny slapped his shoulder again while walking by.
Not for the first time, Dean started to wish he never came here, or agreed to come in.
Lots of triggers in this chapter.  Please see end for notes.
Sam seemed to pick up on Dean’s discomfort, because he started asking Cas about his progress with finding Metatron. Dean sipped his beer and admittedly, listening to them talk had him gradually feeling more comfortable to the point that he was able to ask a few questions himself. He couldn’t hold back the small smile when Cas practically beamed at him for that.
++++++++++++
“Why the bloody hell is he still alive.” Crowley asked, squeezing his throat in a warning that Dean knew he better not lie.
“What the hell.”  Dean muttered at the interruption.  Sam was next door and would have come through the connecting room door and not the motel door so who in the world could that be?
Dean couldn’t wait for his year to be over.
(See the end of the chapter for
-- I'm sorry.
“Yeah, okay.”  Dean said, rubbing at the back of his neck.  “I’m gonna grab a shower, okay!  And then you can…”
Dean sat on the bed half turned with one leg bent.  His heart was pounding, his stomach twisting in knots and a light sheen of sweat dotted his skin.  Was this really happening?  Was he, Dean Winchester, the person life most liked to dump on, actually getting his heart’s desire?  Forcing himself to calm down he repeated the question and waited anxiously for the response.
Dean’s mind couldn’t process what had happened at first. As soon as his mind kicked in, though, he started pulling and tugging, but the strands were solid and strong. Dean wasn’t going anywhere.
Dean couldn’t stop the scream as he felt like he was being split in two.  “Ohh the little bitch finally squeals.”  Drake said sounding delighted as he roughly thrust his fingers in and out, adding a third way too soon.  Dean could feel blood dripping from him and he screamed again at a rough twist.  Dean pulled down hard and his right arm started to burn again.  He thought he felt a give in the rope but he wasn’t sure if he was imagining things.
“I know and I’m sor—”  Cas cut himself off, tilting his head. His eyes burned blue and anger clouded his face.  He reached out and grabbed Dean’s arm, pulling back the flannel to reveal the Mark.
A couple of you caught on to the fact that John was getting information from someone and who was the mystery caller?  We have some interaction between the two below.
(See the end of the chapter for
Triggers include threats of being buried alive, Sam seeing all the torture on Dean's body.
“Hey chief I don’t think…”  Benny started to say.
“Dean!  What did you do!”  Cas demanded, his eyes wild.
His really large and hard cock was leaking precum at the tip showing Dean just how much his angel had enjoyed exploring Dean’s body.  Dean, when able to have a coherent thought, felt bad that he was the only one receiving pleasure.  But apparently, his angel had also enjoyed it… very much so, judging by his straining erection and the amount of precum leaking out of him.
Dean watched as Sam fell back into a drugged induced sleep. He ran his hands through his hair in agitation and fear. He didn’t know what else to do. One of the werewolves was the sheriff, so taking Sam to the hospital in this small town was out of the question. He didn’t have time to take care of the bodies, so the news was already blowing up with the murders.
Looking at Dean, Sam realized Dean meant his question. He wasn’t being snide or passive aggressive or anything. Dean actually thought that the reason Sam was drinking was because of something else, something other than the fact that his brother had whored himself out to save Sam’s life.
No triggers really other than Abaddon alluding to making Dean her King (pet) and references to John's training.
“Son of a bitch…”  Dean said turning and freezing at the look of shock on everyone’s face.
Ignoring their outraged looks, Dean sighed and pulled out a treat.  He took a bite and moaned at the taste.  Dean smiled at the look of lust on Cas’ face from the noise and he slowly licked the sugar from his lips watching as Cas’ eyes followed the movement and dilated, but then Dean froze when he saw the same look of lust flare across his father’s face.  Swallowing what now felt like a lump of flour Dean put the bag aside, preparing himself for the fallout.
Dean looked at the door, and looked down at the hand holding his. The warmth around his hand, the feeling of the other man's hand around his own. He stayed. He didn’t pull away, but moved closer slowly. “Continue.” Castiel said. Dean knew that he wouldn’t repeat himself again. “I want to be with you.” said Dean, praying that would be enough. Castiel looked at him, looking at him as if to say ‘Really? That's all?’ “Please?” Dean begged, his voice smaller than before.
"Mmmmm...Cas," Dean moaned as he stared at the beautiful man on top of him. Cas smiled down at him as he jerked Dean's cock and Dean came undone beneath him. Cas came with the words "I love you, Dean." on his tongue, and Dean woke up in a sweat. He felt like a teenager all over again. He looked over at the other bed and Sam was fast asleep, and Cas probably over somewhere doing something for heaven. He remembered a change of clothes this time and ran to the bathroom for a cold shower. Shame clouded his head, as he went to turn the water to hot so he could enjoy himself. He sighed and turned the water off and changed quickly. After he left the bathroom, Sam was already up and ready to go. He sighed, hoping that the case would be an adequate distraction.
Dean knew it was risky, but he had seen Castiel briefly checking his phone in class, so he figured it was fine. He sent Cas a hilarious meme he found while scrolling through twitter. He saw Castiel open his phone and waited patiently until he heard the familiar chuckle he was growing to love. He smiled to himself, but the blush was prominent on his cheeks. Charlie being the observant and wonderful friend that she was, immediately picked up on it.
The awkward tension between Dean and Cas was gone, which everyone was grateful for. Despite that, there still lay the unspoken question. What were they? They hadn’t touched since what happened in the office. Of course, they both wanted to, but in order to do that there had to be communication.
Cas ripped both of their shirts off, scattering the pieces of fabric across the car. He sucked deep bruises across Dean's torso, stating his claim. When Cas eventually moved downwards, he was met with Dean's jeans, slick dripping through them and hard cock visible through the denim. He reached a hand over to grip Dean through his jeans, eliciting a loud moan from him. Cas slowly pulled Dean's jeans down, admiring his bow legs as he went. He yanked Dean's boxers off and stroked Dean's cock for some relief. Dean could feel the heat coursing through his body, he was practically on fire. "Cas, I need you." Dean begged. Cas rubbed himself through his pants, struggling to contain himself. This was his first rut after all.
"Knot me, Cas." Dean begged. "You're so close, I can feel it. Come inside me, breed me-" Dean's rambles were cut off with a hand covering his mouth. "I'm gonna breed you so good, omega." Cas responded. He continued to thrust until his knot finally caught, and he pushed in, sealing the two of them together. Cas groaned loudly as he came inside his omega, filling him with his come. Dean shuddered with all of the sensations and overstimulation. They stayed in that position for a little while longer.
He knocked on the door of Castiel’s office a few minutes after his last class ended. He rushed out of his last class, but he waited quietly in front of the door before knocking. Castiel probably heard him waiting, but he had to calm his nerves before he went in. He was the one who asked for this anyways, he shouldn't be nervous.
Cas was frozen and staring at him. “You see, he’s a big strong guy and the hottest I’ve ever seen, and fuck-his arms, and his thighs are so gorgeous.” Dean said palming at himself through his jeans. “Fuck, I’d just love if he held me down and put his huge, hard-” Deans foot had reached Castiel’s crotch when he was interrupted by Castiel abruptly standing. His face was furious and he went over the door, Dean expecting him to storm out.
Dean decided he would text Mr. Novak-Castiel when he got home. He didn’t want to seem weirder than he already did. He was home earlier than usual, but panicked for a while before sending a message.
“I’m telling you Sammy-it’s vamps.” said Dean, very self assuredly. “Dean-it’s clearly werewolves, look at all of the signs.” said Sam with a sigh. “Yeah, you wanna bet?” asked Dean cockily. Sam sighed and shook his head. “You know what, sure. If its vamps-you win, if its werewolves-I win.” Dean grinned and stuck out his hand. “Deal.”
“What the hell Crowley?” Dean asked, starting to get nervous.
Thank you for the comments!  That was really great to get them.
The cute waitress came over almost immediately and flashed a smile at them, her eyes lingering on Dean.  Dean just politely smiled back and ordered three coffees and a shake for Cas, and frowning at the lack of response she left the table.
“Well yeah I got him one when…”  Dean started to explain and trailed off … as Sam’s face started to get red with holding back his urge to throttle Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let me go.” Dean demanded, but his voice sounded more scared than strong. What kind of magic was this?
So Sam is realizing how much he screwed up and has more questions about John now that he saw him in a different light.
!” He screamed. He felt himself being split open as Dream Guy roughly thrust into him.
They pulled apart and Death harrumphed once again seeming surprised at himself for once again doing such a human action.  “I will see you soon my boy.”  Death said and before Dean could respond he twisted his ring and disappeared.
++++++++++++
Dean heard Sam gasp, but he ignored it.
Sam bemused just stared unsure what to do or say when Death turned his dark gaze to him and smiled.  “It’s like he’s never tasted a vegetable in his life.”  Death groused and Sam couldn’t help but smile because that was so true.
“You're too soft with him.” The male said, rescuing his sister. When Crowley's face twisted into rage again he continued quickly. “There is so much unrest right now, Sir. There are already two major factions that have split off and many more on the verge of forming.”
Gadreel has second thoughts
“Why?” Dean repeated. He was flabbergasted that Sam would even have to ask. “Why — cause you’re my brother,” Dean said. “Yeah, I know you don’t think that way anymore, but I do, I always will. I know you hate that, but I can’t change it, Sammy. I just can’t.”
Thank you for continuing with the story.  Two chapters and the epilogue left.
To which Dean replied “Fuck you!” And before Dean could take it back, Crowley disappeared.
Dean yelled, struggling to break free. He tried to focus on the Mark, but Dream Guy took another strand, whispered some words and flung it at Dean. Dean could only watch in horror as the string circled his arm right above the band, swirling so fast it was a gold blur and then it stopped, rearranged itself and molded itself to Dean’s arm. A perfect replica of the band, but there were dozens more of the twirls Dean used to control the Mark on the new band.
dean: srry for running out, i had to get to class. thanks for sending him to the office, most teachers dont bother. gordons a real ass so thanks
Cas unbuckled Dean’s jeans and gently tugged them down, pulling his boxers down with them. “Ah, here it is.” Cas said when he finally saw the plug Dean was wearing. He tapped it slightly and Dean whimpered. He gently pulled it out, then pushed it back in again. Dean tried to move with it to get more, but Cas kept his hips down.
dean: hi mr novak its dean. srry to bother you but idk what to do for my history project for ur class due tonight
First period was fine. He almost fell asleep. When he got into his second period class, he felt the all too familiar heat course across his body. Fuck. Of course it had to start now. He felt everyone's eyes on him, noticing a few red eyes from some of the alphas in the room. It made him nauseous. The nausea faded when he smelled...what was it?
He started shaking and had to sit down. That only made it worse. He shuffled in his seat, but that only gave the plug a better angle. He was getting hard. He had a vibrating plug in his ass. In his hot professor’s office. His professor was controlling the vibrator. Dean didn’t know what to do. Should he go and tell Cas? When did he start calling him Cas? Should he take it out? What if someone comes in and sees him taking a vibrating plug out of his ass? Fuck.
“Happy birthday, Dean.” Cas said as he opened the door. “Hiya, Cas.” Dean said as he slowly walked inside, taking a good look at the house. “Nice house.” Dean remarked. “Thank you, Dean.” said Cas. “Please come inside.” Cas said, as he noticed Dean lingering. Dean awkwardly took off his shoes and followed Cas inside to see a very nicely set table.
When it got late, Cas brought Dean downstairs and made sure they both ate dinner. Cas didn't want to send him home hungry. Once they finished eating, Dean texted Ellen that he was on his way home. “Love you, Cas.” Dean whispered as he kissed Cas goodbye. “I love you too, Dean.” Cas said with a smile.
They both slumped over, Castiel’s cum slowly beginning to drip down Dean’s thighs. Castiel slowly pulled out. Dean whimpered, feeling empty. Castiel gently pulled Dean up and they went to the couch, a few feet away. Castiel lay down, pulling Dean down on top of him. They embraced, and breathed each other in. Castiel murmured praise in Dean’s ear, as he rubbed circles across his ass, rubbing in his mark. They slowly fell asleep in each other's arms, the voices of the party guests slowly fading away.
“Dean...Dean…” Cas said, slowly pulling Dean off of him. “Let me.” said Cas, gesturing at Dean, whose jeans were very obviously tented. Dean slowly removed his jeans, much shyer than usual. He had reason for that, though. Dean was wearing black lace panties that barely covered his leaking cock, and when he turned around, Cas was gifted with the sight of Dean's hole filled with a huge butt plug, that even the panties didn’t cover.
“Good.” Castiel, the gleam in his eye, that of a man ready to devour. “Remove your clothes, and place them next to you on the floor.” Castiel said, gesturing to an empty space next to them. Dean took his time, not to tease, just aware of the standing guests, while some occupied in their conversations, all taken by the scene in front of them.
Wow, of course he texts like that, Dean thought, almost fondly. Holy shit, his teacher just texted him back. Mr. Novak helped him think of an idea, and he put together his assignment as quickly as possible and submitted it at 11:57. He ended up getting an 84% on the assignment, despite the rushed job. Dean was actually very smart, but didn’t apply himself often. He had a bad boy persona, but he really did care. Mr. Novak handed back his graded paper and a “Well done, Dean.” and a smile. Dean thought he would die on the spot. And that was how it began.
After Castiel left to go teach, Dean continued to grade the students’ papers. He heard Castiel’s familiar voice reach the office as he started the introductions. He tuned out the voice and continued to work, slipping into his work zone. He almost jumped out of his chair when he felt the first vibrations. He managed to stifle his yelp. What the fuck, that wasn’t supposed to happen, Dean thought to himself. It couldn’t just turn on like that, it didn’t have a button. It didn’t have a button! Fuck! The remote!
He was ambushed by her immediately after class. She pulled him into an empty classroom. “Dean, what the hell is going on between you and Mr. Novak?” she hissed. “What? Nothing.” Dean said, playing innocent. “Oh don’t pretend with me, Dean Winchester, I know you. So are you fucking our teacher or not?” She asked, her tone turning light and playful. Deans cheeks turned even redder. “N-no.” he responded, his eyes glued to the ground.
Dean and Castiel met every Monday and Friday after school. Castiel ‘helped’ Dean with English, but they really just talked the whole time. Dean talked about Sammy, and how even though him and Jo weren’t actually related, she was his little sister. Castiel talked about Gabriel and Kali’s new baby, and how Gabe always called him Cassie. Dean laughed a lot at that one, it reminded him of himself and Sam.
"Dean, you can't be so blind that you don't see the way he looks at you." "It's not my fault I'm smokin'" said Dean as an attempt to cover up. Yet it wasn't always a cover up. It was so hard for him to get it through his head that it was possible that Cas could feel the same about him. He was an Angel of the Lord after all, what could he see in Dean? "Dean..." Sam tried to start again, but stopped and decided to leave it at that.
Thankfully no one was on campus anymore, so he didn't get any stares for his disheveled appearance. He drove home in silence, no music at all, his brain still processing what had just happened, and his ass a little sore. When he got home, Sam raised his eyebrow and stared at him, but Dean just grinned and ran upstairs to shower.
Cas rubbed his cock through his pants. It was painfully hard and begging for attention. How could it not be after seeing Dean in this state for such a long time, it's a wonder he could hold out this long. Cas groaned at the friction. Dean immediately swiveled his head at the sound. “Wanna taste you, Cas.” Dean managed to get out, while Cas’ fingers were still inside of Dean, and touching himself. “Yes, Dean.” Cas said, his head tilted back at the small amount of friction he was giving himself.
“You have to leave before me, otherwise people will suspect something.” Cas said, as Dean packed up his things. Dean’s jacket covered his hickeys, but his hair was a mess and his legs were wobbling. “If you wait for me in the parking lot, I’ll drive you home.” Cas offered. “Thanks, but I’ve got to drive my baby home.” Dean said. Cas cocked his head. “My car, Cas.” Dean said with a chuckle. Cas nodded, relieved. “Wow, one taste of this ass and you’re already jealous, huh?” Dean asked jokingly. Cas stepped forward and gripped him harshly. “You’re mine.” Cas said, and then kissed him. Dean pulled away breathing heavily. “Yours.” he said with a small smile. Cas smiled and stepped back. “Call me.” Dean said with a joking grin, and opened the door and walked out.
“Um yeah I guess, he left without waking me.  He’ll be back in a bit, and I have some research to do here.”  Dean replied feeling like a little kid being scolded and he didn’t like it.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” Dean whimpered.  He wanted Cas, he needed Cas. “Cas!” He called out again before blinding pain shot through his face. His eyes flew open in time to see Dream Guy slap Dean again so hard, if Dean wasn’t pinned underneath him he would have been hurtling across the room.
Just some violence and killing, but nothing graphic.
Sam thrashed in pain, the feeling of fingers digging in his stomach.
On another note, I also really struggled with Dean caving too so0n with John, first with saying please and then with the who owns you after being so amazingly strong against all of John's torture.  But when it comes to Sam Dean never hesitates and John was very convincing and I tried to convey how none of that mattered when it came to saving everyone.  Hopefully that came across and it wasn't too much of an about face.
___________
“Dean!”  Cas said, his low and gravelly voice echoing through Dean’s body.  Dean marveled not for the first time how the angel could put so much emotion into just saying his name.  And as suddenly as it filled him, the anger drained away.  Dean’s eyes slid toward the floor, unable to see the disappointment in his angel’s eyes.
Have a good weekend everyone!
(See the end of the chapter for
Just a small note here I love, love, love to get comments.  I am very open to constructive criticism because as mentioned above, I am not a writer by any means, but I do have a hard time if it comes across nasty, rude or in a very negative way.  If you don't like my story or my writing, please just don't read it.
Note:  Dean almost died in the previous story and Sam and Cas accused him when he was defending himself.  He sustained a mortal wound but Crowley saved him.
Dean crawled forward a little bit and finally was able to grab the water gun and he flopped on his back moaning in pain.  His left arm was still useless but Dean raised the water gun with his right hand and his arm shaking he started shooting heads or faces of the demons attacking Crowley.  Crowley saw what Dean was doing and grinned as the demons started to scream and burn from the water and just like that Crowley was in control.
Sam pulled away and Dean stepped forward unsure what to do.
Once again thank you so much for the continued comments and triggers.   I had so many comments with the last chapter and some new readers also commented, and it was very motivating.  I just want to say again how much I appreciate all your support.
Sam gave a jerky nod and sat back down on the other bed, and judging by Sam's hangdog face, he was itching to talk about feelings, but Dean sure as shit was not ready for that.  It didn’t matter anyway because Sam had made his choice when he left Dean again, and that was all there was to it Dean tried to convince himself as he pulled his walls up.  Sam gave him some puppy eyes when he saw Dean’s face close up, but he must have realized Dean wasn’t going to want to talk about anything now so he too left the room.
Again John had to grit his teeth as he listened to his son after he put the donut or whatever the hell it was in his mouth and moaned like a porn star.  Something needed to give and quickly or he was going to lose it.  Recognizing the same look of lust on the angel’s face John realized the first order of business was to find a way to separate the two.
Metatron sighed loudly in disgust as he read through the pages. These two were unbelievable. Their hero complex was beyond pathetic, and Dean — Dean. His protective instincts and damaged psyche were too much to handle sometimes, but Metatron needed information. So he pushed through the very real concern that his eyes might freeze in the midst of a perpetual eye roll and focused back on the pages.
“Nah. I’m fine here. You should go and get some sleep, you guys. I’ll be fine.” Dean repeated, already walking over and sitting on the couch so that he could take a moment to look away from them, to not have to face Sam or Cas.
See end for triggers, but nothing too bad in this chapter.  This one and the next two or three will be dealing with the aftermath of Dean's trauma and some much needed talking.
Please see chapter 34 notes for link to the wonderful amazing artist's info and tumblr page link.
Just a note, in this story Crowley really didn't know about Dean becoming a demon with the Mark and the consequences other than killing Abaddon and creating a bond with Dean.   It's not an act here, he really does feel guilty.
Dean snarled and pushed himself up. He grabbed the First Blade, and with one quick slice, he dug out the crystal, hissing in pain but resolutely avoiding the free and heavy flowing of his blood dripping thickly onto the already ruined carpet below.
