At that, Dean pulls up short and stares down at their joined hands, wondering how the hell he got in this situation and how something so small and often overlooked can feel
“No, of course not. If anything, I thought we were really… well, good, I guess. He definitely wasn’t mad at me anymore for the whole Lisa thing, and he moved me off fries, like, five minutes after I got back. That’s a good sign, right?”
When Cas’s thumb begins trailing over his bottom lip, Dean slowly opens his eyes, careful not to disturb what has clearly become Cas’s study-Dean-time. He watches Cas’s eyes as they stay trained on his mouth, trained on the way that Cas’s thumb is able to slide smoothly over his lip- the path easy due to the wetness still clinging to his lips from their kiss.
As he walks to the back, he keeps trying to figure out what the hell set Novak off. A failed test or assignment, maybe? A fight with a sibling? Does Novak even have siblings? Dean doesn’t think he’s ever mentioned one-
I don’t want to change a goddamn thing.” Dean speaks the words in between desperate kisses. He can feel the need to touch Cas again every time he pulls away- a taut rope between them that he is helpless to resist. Every time Dean returns to Cas's lips, he kisses him harder, more insistently, and each time it gets harder for him to pull back to finish his thought.
Dean waves his words off. “You tell people what to do and they do it, so it’s the same damn thing in my book.”
In addition to unfortunately letting staff hear and talk to customers through the speakers, the headsets are also able to communicate to one another without the words being played to the cars in the drive thru. So basically, no one else can hear them unless someone has a headset on- which no one else does.
See, normally, Dean wouldn’t even be that upset about the situation they’re in- about to die and spend eternity in hell or wherever the fuck Billie is about to take them- but he’s not. Because had Billie followed through and killed them both, at least they’d do it together. Be together.
That makes Cas roll his eyes and leave the bathroom, Dean still with a smile on his face. He washes his hands and counts to 40 before opening the door and finally going to the freezer to grab a box of fries.
He hangs his head, facing what is probably the ground below him. Might be empty space. Might be upwards. Might be Cas two feet away from him. He doesn’t know.
if Cas was going to leave it definitely would have happened by now. When he finally gathers up the courage to break away from Cas's addicting lips, he switches to pulling him right back into a crushing hug.
Dean thinks Jensen must have known somehow. Known that the execs at the CW may have grudgingly allowed a confession after twelve goddamn years, only to take it in their hands and destroy the best parts of it.
Jensen let  out a quiet laugh, the seriousness fading from his expression for just a second. “No… nothing like that. I was wondering if you’d be willing to film the upcoming scene on my phone for me? I just… want to remember this scene exactly as I play Deacon, but also as myself, you know?”
Sam sighs and drags his hand down his face before attempting to converse with Dean again. “Hey, I was thinking while I was in the shower- about what you told me about,” he pauses to consider his words carefully. “What you told me about that night, with the Empty and the deal and everything else.. Do you remember what Nick was doing when Jack and Mary found him?”
On his fourth circuit, when he turns around, Cas is standing in front of him holding his milkshake and bag of fries, his face one of barely held back emotion. Dean freezes like a deer and Cas is the most enrapturing light source he’s ever seen.
Just the thought of Cas is enough to bring Dean one step closer to shattering into a million pieces. He can’t let himself have hope for this. He just can’t. He genuinely doesn’t know what he’s going to do if he can’t see this through- saving Cas, which is the single most important thing he ever had or ever will do in this life.
There’s no audible response from him. All Cas does is suck a mark on his lower back, curl his fingers inside him at the same time, and Dean screams.
“Oh, and I never got to thank you for leaving the shitshow that was last night right as Bobby was about to come by. Even Jo was running around like a lunatic trying to refund the wrong orders that Crowley cashed out.”
After a few seconds, Dean hears a noise that has often taken the starring role in his nightmares from the very moment he collapsed on this very dungeon floor. A slippery, dark noise, followed by the brutal black of the Empty originates- the very same spot it did all those days, weeks, years, ago. It seems impossible that this unmerciful black hole has deigned to obey a conjuring from weak, mortal humans to appear again on this plane.
“You are infuriating,” Dean groans against Cas’s mouth, his hands resting on Cas’s still damp waist.
“You have plenty of time to make three more, I’m sure.” And with that, Novak turns back around to hand over the pilfered ice cream over to Rowena.
“So… you’re saying I could summon the Empty? I could summon Cas?” Dean’s voice breaks on his name, not even attempting to hide how the mention of the man wh- who loves him.
The second he does it, he logs out of the account and back into his main one, then shuts his phone off and throws it on the couch across the room.
“You… kept the jacket? All this time? Actually, to be fair, I’m not sure exactly how long it’s been, but it’s been more than a day or two, right?”
It’s nothing compared to how he feels inside, though. He gladly takes the pain. Dean wonders if God is going to kill him, and he finds himself surprisingly okay with the idea.
Cas begins to slow down, his pace getting more and more torturous, but before Dean can even formulate a word of protest, he leans down into Dean’s ear and whispers, “You were so good, love. You can come now.”
And every time Novak leans over to grab a drink Dean placed on the counter beside him to hand out, the proximity of his skin makes Dean want to jump out of the drive thru window. Not that he’d ever let it show, of course.
to give him up, so there’s definitely no favours happening there. Dean walks for another mile, or another 6 meters, or another three oceans. He can’t tell.
show, it’s revealed that Chuck was still alive and he was never defeated, so then he takes everything away from Deacon and wipes his memory…. boom the finale is still canon and the next Supernatural content is going to be a sixteenth season.”
thanking you for that.” Novak grates out, and pushes past him to go confer with Jo about zoom numbers, or labour numbers, or whatever the fuck.
Dean is incapable of doing anything but groaning and clenching around Cas’s finger, but he doesn’t try again to push back on his hand. He still doesn’t move his wrists, either.
Castiel how good he can be for him is also not particularly helpful at the moment, and yet Dean’s already thinking of all the ways he can accomplish that very thing.
The conversation immediately moves on, brushing the situation aside without another thought. Dean would be grateful for the reprieve if it didn’t also imply that was the extent of the attention that the fans warranted.
Dean returned Jensen’s phone, assuring him that nothing was missed from the scene, and that the sound was clear enough to be heard. Jensen thanks him so sincerely that you’d have thought Dean saved his life or something. Filled with the love-sick happiness of the newly filmed scene, Dean bid goodbye to everyone at the set, and headed home.
Eventually, Tumblr is up and running again, and if Dean thought that the response on Twitter was insane, it pales in comparison to this. Georgia turning blue in the American election and rumours of Putin stepping down both coincided with dezriel going canon, and the amount of people finding out about all three pieces of news through shitposts is unreal.
. So he got up, and followed it until, “I came across the most beautiful being in all of creation, lying in the darkness of the very thing I died to save him from, at my feet.”
Dean gracelessly sits up and pushes himself back to his feet now staying still as he peels off the rest of his now-damp clothing. He looks back at Cas as he’s trying to peel off his socks, while also trying not to fall on the wet floor again, and Cas has his hand over his mouth, clearly trying to reign in his amusement.
Dean begins mumbling to himself, “To unpeel means taking the peel off… but to peel also means taking the peel off… why did you do this to me, Novak? I feel like an endlessly looping circuit right now.”
And that’s when he notices that the green light on the mouthpiece of the headset is still turned on. Meaning his mic was on and playing everything over the drive thru speaker for Cas to hear.
Dean wakes up with tears once again falling down his face, he’s long since given up trying to stop then- he figures he’s had enough of hiding how he feels. Look where it’s gotten him.
He knows, on another level, that he’s shaking violently through his orgasm, but he feels vaulted up and almost out of his body with overwhelming sensation. He spasms around Cas inside him, then feels Cas bury himself in all the way, moaning and gasping his way through his own release, his head dropping down onto Dean’s chest.
His eyes fly open, his brain hardly believing what he’s hearing. He just keeps replaying Novak’s deep voice telling him he’s
Even when sensations, emotions, feelings, all get overwhelming in the best way possible, forcing Dean to shut his eyes against them, he can still see Cas, with every fibre of his being, utterly destroying him.
And again, Dean finds himself counting to ten in his head, trying to calm down. Logically, he knows he should avoid snapping at Castiel-middle-name-strict-Novak, no matter how much he wants to tell the arrogant asshole off. It shouldn’t even be legal for someone so hot to be so
. Everything is in excruciating agony. It’s all been shrunken, been brutally ripped out by hands as cold as ice, torn to shreds, and all replaced with stone inside him.
Dean laughs at the memory of the smarmy corp rep that came to visit the store that one time. “Thanks, kid.”
He’s helpless to do anything but stare after Novak as he walks away, praying that he’s at least not physically drooling. And of course that’s when Gabriel’s shout jolts him out of his trance. “Dean! This isn’t an animal shelter, so stop looking like a lost puppy. Get over here and take over for Meg.”
“May I?” He whispers into the shell of Cas’s ear, delighting in the shiver he can feel run down his spine at the words as he nods. Dean unzips his pants and slowly trails his hand from Cas’s waist, over to his abdomen, and then down into his underwear to wrap around him.
take place. Dean stands still as he looks out over the precipice- looks out and all the way down into the blue ceramic bowl where the dark red flakes seem to swirl around the edges like a galaxy. He thinks the metaphor has some substance to it.
” Dean rolls his eyes so hard at the question the customer in the drive thru is asking that he’s surprised they don’t fall out of his face and onto the till in front of him. Honestly, do people not rehearse what they want to order
it's from the demon dagger that Dean buried there all those years ago -down the length of Cas’s body as he’s still smiling and still crying tears of happiness. The blood keeps seeping out, past Dean, still standing frozen across from Cas, unable to speak to him even just in his own mind.
It’s enough to know that they’re sharing a final resting place. Black hole or not, Cas is here somewhere, that much Dean knows. It may be 3892 miles, maybe 2 steps, but as long as Dean is here with Cas, it’s okay. Didn’t Cas say happiness wasn't in the having, that it’s in just being? Well, Dean certainly won’t get to
“I am not. In fact, it was even you who unknowingly persuaded me to get an account.” Castiel takes a single step- small, but a step nonetheless- towards Dean and continues speaking.
Blue eyes connect with his and Dean claims plausible deniability for anything he may or may not say in the next few minutes.
Novak, though, he’s mad. ‘Cause while Dean was spared from the worst of the mess, Novak got cream on the entire right side of his body- from his shoulder to his ankle.
Dean’s about to turn his phone off and go watch something on Netflix (these days he literally needs a comfort show to help cope with his comfort show), when he gets a Tumblr notification. When he sees who it’s from, he lets a smile grace his face.
is also the playlist I originally made for ifyoulovemeletmebinge even before I started this fic, only to realize that I could use literally any of the songs from there in this. If you want to cry Dean-coded/destiel tears, I suggest giving it a listen.
After reading the text message, Dean scoffs and violently closes the Messages app on his phone. This fucking robot of an exec has
He replays Cas's words in his mind over and over again- not because he’s going to lovingly cherish them, but because he’s going to
Dean definitely needs to be more drunk for this. It’s only 10am on a Thursday, but his point still stands.
Novak’s voice is right in his ear as it comes right through his headset and Dean almost goes into cardiac arrest. He definitely does not use the table in front of him with the till on it to keep him from falling to the ground because he was so startled. Nope. Not him.
He takes another second to do a brief deep breathing exercise while Novak takes his own sip from the shake- being much more quiet and subtle about it compared to Dean.
“Well, I guess that means you’re stuck with me then, sunshine.” Dean calls to Cas as soon as he’s able to make his mouth form words.
He’s briefly distracted by the colour scheme that pops up in the background of the chat. It’s all deep blues and blacks highlighted with white that somehow seems to encapsulate AngelOfThursday’s vibe perfectly, even though Dean
Dean half heartedly grunts in response. He knows that if what Sam felt when Eileen died was anything even close to how Dean’s been feeling ever since Cas opened his
Thankfully- or not, depending on how you look at it- Twitter hasn’t crashed. Dean taps on the trending tab, hopefully predicting that maybe they’ll be in the top 10 for entertainment trends.
doesn’t know them very well. He quickly decides to check out the bio- there isn’t too much, just the pronouns he/him and a quote Dean recognizes from 6x20 The Angel Who Would Be King. No name, but that’s okay.
“Mhm yeah yes yep, definitely we can do that. How about, like, immediately right now, Cas?” He tells himself that he’s not going to start begging, and then instantly, like
Joke’s on him though, because now Dean can admire his side profile in peace. Across his cheekbones, along his jawline, down to his lips Dean’s eyes travel, and with every new expanse of skin Dean catalogues, he reminds himself that
“Sorry, could you just repeat that, please?” No matter how dumb and oblivious the intern- worthy question makes Dean seem, it’s the only way he can think of to figure out the hell is going on.
God punches Dean in the face, God makes Dean bleed and he smiles because this is something he does deserve.
He’s sitting across the gigantic conference table from Dean, still resolutely focused on the head of the table where whatever idiot currently speaking is ranting about online interaction and promotion. But there’s just a bit too much poise in his posture. Just a bit too much attention is thrown on the man speaking.
Cas twists a hand into Dean’s hair, then pulls with just the perfect amount of strength to have Dean releasing what is definitely not a public-appropriate noise into Cas’s mouth. Of course, at hearing that noise, Cas cups the back of Dean’s neck with his other hand, and proceeds to not-too-harshly tug his hair again. Accenting the assault the pleasure sensors in Dean’s brain with a particularly skillful swipe of his tongue in Dean’s mouth.
Dean didn’t truly understand why the video of the scene on his phone would be that much different from the scene that will air, but he agreed nonetheless. “Sure, dude, I got you. You want me to stand over by Camera 2W for the video?”
Dean is still there when Sam gets back from his run. He’s not sure if it’s been 30 minutes or 3 hours. Does it matter?
Don’t get him wrong, Dean wants to wring each and every one of their slimy little corporate necks (except for Castiel’s, he thinks. There’s much better things Dean wants to do to his neck, thank you very much). Literally what other company goes so far out of their way to censor discussion about something that catapulted their show into the biggest spotlight in the internet world?
Dean flicks on the radio and attempts to drown out his own thoughts, and at first, Dean doesn’t even register what song it is that starts playing.
Castiel tilts his head, the morning sunlight glinting distractingly off of his eyes, seemingly wondering if Dean is psychotic and he’s just managed to hide it from Castiel all this time.
He keeps walking out of the room, out to the main room, and sits down at the table where their laptop rests. He remembers Cas telling him he was able to watch footage from the dungeon on it before, back when they interrogated Donatello in it. This can’t end well- Dean knows this, and reaches for it anyway.
“It’s not my fault the place falls apart when I leave. I certainly can’t work all day, no matter how hard you try to keep me there.”
Sam is looking at him with nothing but regret for what he knows he’s asking Dean for. Sam knows how much this means to him, and he still asks it of Dean. He looks away from Sam’s face to look down at that goddamn bowl of almost all the ingredients they need. This sheer drop here, this impossible decision that shouldn’t even take half a second to decide, it’s somehow worse than the terror Dean felt staring down into this very bowl just a minute ago.
Sam looks like he’s lost, whether it be to people or just against life in general, but he knows it is nothing compared to how Dean feels right now. And when Sam swings his gaze over to Dean, sitting at the table with the laptop and bottles surrounding him, Dean thinks Sam knows it, too.
Dean looks back up into Castiel’s eyes and he can feel the guilty red crawling up his skin like a reluctant sun rising in the sky- inevitable and hot.
He gets clean, somehow, despite every iota of his focus laying with the jacket on the floor outside of the shower. The hot water of the shower seems to pool in his left shoulder- the brand on the jacket he carefully folded up and left outside of the stall defying physics to exist in both places at once, but only in the awareness of one man- for Dean. An unmistakable signal on his skin that he could never forget about if he tried, and yet something that seems so far out of his grasp.
drink at least a dozen black iced coffees before working fries during rush hour. It’s greasy, not fun, and hot as shit. No one likes it, which is why normally it gets passed off to the newbies- not people like Dean who have been working here for the past 2 years.
“That is literally the absolute minimum requirement for this job- to not yell at customers. That shouldn’t be something to be proud of.”
Dean nods like he’s a bobble head in a car going 40 over the speed limit on the bumpiest road in the city.
He stands up, leaving his plate on the table, and reaches out for Cas. He goes to Dean without a second thought. Not a single synapse, not a single neutron fibre in his entire body even attempts to resist Dean’s open hand reaching out towards him.
Dean wonders what it’d feel like to slip his tongue in between that small space and bite down on that absolutely sinful lower lip. To taste the noise his parted lips would make on a gasp, on a moan, on Dean’s name. To feel the warm drag of those lips over his own, then trace them with his tongue.
“So then, I ran into him going to get a box of fries, one thing led to another, he shoved me into the bathroom, and-”
“That’s not what I meant, Jesus Christ.” Trust Novak to take the fun out of literally everything. He wonders what the guy would do at an amusement park- short circuit, probably.
“Okay.” Dean can’t stop saying okay now that things are looking up even the tiniest slimmer. “Okay, Sammy. And- thank you. For this. For helping. For helping me. I know Cas would be grateful, too.” His thanks is mumbled into the sandwich in his hands more than to Sam, but he knows Sam understands.
gonna come get your ass.” Dean turns back around just before he passes through the doorway out of the dungeon. “Oh, and don’t forget to send our regards to Eileen the next time you see her, yeah?” And with that, he and Cas leave before Sam can sputter out what is probably a lukewarm insult.
He’s still staring into the bowl as he strips the jacket off and carefully passes it to Sam, only looking to make eye contact when Sam reaches out to grasp it; a clear threat in his gaze that Sam better use the utmost care with it. It is the last part Dean has of Cas, and that carries immeasurable value.
Now Sam is looking at him like he has three horns, five wings, and two heads. “Dean it’s been,” he pauses to glance down at his phone, “37 minutes. Are you sure you’re okay?” Sam begins to side eye Cas now, too. “And Cas, you’re okay too? And grand delusions going on in your head over there?”
been. Which also means that Cas has never been happy, not once, up until now. Every single memory Dean has with him where they were laughing or just enjoying something together, Dean thought that even if Cas didn’t want the same things as him, he at least was happy in their friendship. Dean can’t help but remember he was the one who taught Cas emotion.
In the middle of the spiraling space, there’s an unknown in it’s center- a black hole that no matter how hard or how long Dean looks at it, it doesn’t give him any answers. It doesn’t bend or accommodate for any unnatural forces, no matter how confident in its outside power. Dean is helpless to resist the allure of that endless void, that lack of anything that holds in its void the possibility of everything. It could give him everything, and it could also doom him to eternity in darkness. Alone.
Meanwhile, Dean feels like he might have to call an ambulance or the fire department or the mortuary or probably all three because his whole body feels like it’s been set aflame at Cas’s praise. Heat licks where he can feel Cas inside him, and where he can feel Cas’s hand and mouth on him, grounding him.
Dean should probably be concerned at how well Castiel’s commanding tone worked at getting him to immediately shut the fuck up. The urge to do exactly what Castiel says, to
“And the only reason we know each other’s last name is because we go to the same university, and I’ve seen it around a couple of times.”
Dean swallows. “Well, after I dragged myself off the dungeon floor, I remembered you told me you watched Donatello’s interrogation using the cameras we had in the dungeon, so I just went and, ya know, watched your confession. Over and over.” He chuckles ruefully. “I always paused and rewound right before you let go of me. Let go and pushed me away. I could handle watching everything else, even you saying goodbye, except for you letting go of me for the last time.”
Dean manages to surprise even himself with an even needier noise at Cas’s ministrations. He frantically moves his hands to clutch at Cas’s waist, his hips, because at this point the only way he’s going to be able to stay vertical is with some support.
To Dean’s confusion, Cas untangles his arms from where his head is resting on them, pulling them and straightening them out above his head… oh
Sam casts a furtive glance at the floor a few feet beside them, and with one last check to make sure Dean isn’t going to snap or try to fish the blood back out, he bends down and scrapes the blood that’s stained on the cement into his hands to add to the rest in the bowl.
“-know you can’t just say something that fucked up with no warning, man. How is there no word for a banana still with its peel? That’s going to haunt me.”
Every step, every stretch of muscle was so perfectly executed, and so obviously aware of every other person in the vicinity that Dean isn’t completely sure he didn’t drool at the sight of such incredible awareness and competence. Things, of course, didn’t get better for him as soon as the body turned around to reveal the face that would haunt his dreams and thoughts for months to come.
He pauses in his scrolling to look up from his screen and fully immerse himself in his self-reflection. He often wonders how he got so lucky in life- to be able to have such an amazing job that allows him to connect with what is easily the most amazing fandom on the entire Earth. No matter how painful or terrible the show actually is, Dean’s certain that it’s all worth it just for the experience of sharing the show with the fans. Members of the dezricule or not.
“Dean Winchester, if you don’t go out to the lobby where Castiel said he would be, I’m not even going to call Sam in the middle of law school to tell him you’re being absolutely ridiculous- I’m just going to beat your ass myself, capiche?”
Dean can’t even fathom the possibility. All he knows is that it would be extremely fucking entertaining, that’s for sure. Heads would roll, tears would be shed, the whole nine yards.
Dean notices Sam slowly approaching him, hand out in front of him like he’s trying not to spook a startled animal. “Dean… what happened? What haven’t you told me?”
Cas releases one hand from where Dean had guided them to twist in his hair just a bit earlier, and caresses the stretch of Dean’s lips around his cock. His thumb makes a full half-perimeter on his bottom and top lip before Dean goes down all the way and lets Cas’s length push carefully at the back of his throat until his lips are sealed against Cas’s skin. If Dean could close his mouth, he’d leave kisses.
They still don’t know about the deleted kiss, because while Dean was lucky he didn’t get caught taking pictures of the scripts, he wasn’t lucky enough to come across the script they actually used to film the episode. This was close enough, though. He hopes that what he did brought validation to some, brought happiness to others, and brought entertainment to the rest of Tumblr and Twitter.
“Okay,” Dean whispers. “Okay, Sam. Go see if we can actually do this. I- I’ll keep the blood right here. I can do that.” Sam’s eyes soften a bit at Dean’s words that are barely even meant for him- Sam can see the blatant attempt Dean makes at reassuring himself and not Sam in his capabilities.
As he slumps against the cold- but not cold enough- car window, the song and memories wash over him and drag him under.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. All I did was simply redirect the question to the most qualified person present to answer it. Which, in case you aren’t aware, is you.”
Dean doesn’t pity the situation everyone not in this time zone is going to find themselves in when they wake up.
part of Tumblr- actual interaction with other people and all that. Yeah, it would make everything a lot simpler, and Dean could elaborate to his heart’s content with the lexicon. He taps on the ‘Visit AngelOfThursday’ option of the pop up menu.
Dean blushes at that, and would normally feel embarrassed or uncomfortable at Cas's words if he had never thought he’d get to hear them again.
He clears his throat. “Well, uh, I’ve gotta get to my class soon, and you’ve…” he peers at the spines of the textbooks Novak is holding in front of his chest that look all science-y and takes a guess. “Got biology to get to?”
Cas is already hard and trembling under his hand, breathy gasps and whimpers falling from his lips as Dean swipes his thumb over the head and spreads the precum down his length to ease the glide.
And now, Dean is sending him somewhere even worse. A place of eternal nothingness. No light, no love, no nothing and Dean is the one who did that to him.
“Ohhhhh this feels good.” The cool surface is working wonders for his sky-high body temp. “You’d think for a business that makes a fucking ungodly amount of money every single day, they’d at least have functioning air conditioners for us back there.”
The order screen reads 7:58:27 when an ostentatiously bright red sports car with cigarette smoke blowing out of the open driver’s window pulls up for their large chocolate hazelnut iced coffee with double the extra sugar, light cream, two shots of espresso, and whipped cream on top. Dean resists the temptation to ask the driver if he wants any actual coffee in his drink.
No, right now, Dean is being brutally reminded why he despises Castiel Novak in the first place. The fucker
When Cas pulls away- minutes or years later, Dean’s not sure- he smiles again (God, Dean’s never going to tire of the sight), and slides his hands down from Dean’s chest to his waist, where he reaches around to put his hands in Dean’s back pockets.
His whole body hurts from the time he’s spent on the floor, skin red and puffy from the salty tracks that trail down his face, but it’s nothing compared to how he feels on the inside. Like his sternum is being pressed down relentlessly into his chest, frantically trying to fill the space that’s been left open and bleeding.
Novak’s mouth opens and closes a few times, and Dean chokes out a laugh at the resemblance he holds to a fish.
“Well, uh,” he glances sideways across the table at Castiel. The early light streaming in through the café windows behind him lights up his silhouette in a glow effect that should only belong in romcoms. Seriously, this man doesn’t need
He strokes Cas through his orgasm until his head flops forward onto Dean’s shoulder, his body now limp and soft.
Dean grimaces. Obviously he’s overjoyed that Jensen has the rights to Supernatural now, and that he’s already announcing more content for the show, he’s just… hesitant about the reaction to the announcement.
Once again, even if Dean could manage words, he doesn’t get the chance to speak anything back to Cas, because then Cas is slamming fast into him with enough force he knows he’ll be feeling tomorrow. Cas, still hitting his prostate, wraps a hand around Dean’s cock and strokes in time with his thrusts. It’s the best thing Dean’s ever felt, but he knows he’s not going to be able to savour the feeling. It doesn’t take long for the two facets of sheer pleasure coursing through him to send him over the edge and into a screaming mess.
“It’s a yes, you do still have to go back to fries. And maybe wait a bit before coming back, okay? I don’t want anyone to find out about the massive health code violation we just took part in.”
him for it. He dragged a being of Heaven down, down, all the way down, into his bed and unknowingly facilitated the trade of one religion for another.
“Oh, right. Yeah, man, I’m not sure that a prequel, never mind a John and Mary prequel, is something that the fans have been hoping and praying for. You know that everyone just wants Deacon and Caz, right?”
Lo and behold, he sees Novak jump a bit as he hears Dean’s voice in his ear, twisting around and throwing a glare over his shoulder at him. Dean just smiles back, throwing a small wave at him.
He wonders if Novak would let him… broaden his vocabulary, so to speak. But then he realizes he doesn’t need something else haunting his brain and cuts the thought off.
“Yeah, I am, thanks to you. I just came to get a box of fries, if you have to know. By the way, what’s got your panties all in a twist? You’re acting like you’ve got more than one stick up your ass right now.”
That’s when Dean remembers that Castiel actually works in this building, that he can’t leave like Dean can, and also that Dean himself wasn’t waiting for the elevator either, because the car is still waiting on this floor from when the doors closed.
“Listen, Dean, I know you normally at least attempt to help me with the lore for our cases, but there’s just no way you can be partial and focused enough for this.” Sam preemptively raises his hand to stop Dean from arguing. “And before you say anything, yes, your silence and your pacing is getting to me, okay? I promise the second I’m done this I will come straight to you. Just… there’s gotta be other stuff to do, even for a bit.”
Dean wants to wrap himself around his beautiful, broken man and never let him go. Never let him know the cold grasp of an empty bed, never let him feel so alone that he doesn’t even recognize what he’s feeling anymore. Dean never wants to leave him.
He’s walking along the campus pathways to his Materials Sciences class when a shock of blue eyes swim into his field of vision.
Dean’s beginning to think that Jensen is really just as deranged as the rest of the fandom. Literally patient zero in this infectious mental illness of a show.
Dean thinks that the pull- this irresistible easiness of how well they fit and move together- is unlike anything Dean’s ever felt before. The change in their relationship from pissy coworkers to extremely close friends (albeit online ones), somehow enhances their every movement together. They’ve gone through the full spectrum of emotion in relation to each other before getting to this point- this amazing intimacy- and everything now seems flawless between them. Each and every single piece of Cas seems to perfectly fit with one of Dean’s own, and its such a familiar feeling that Dean begins to think maybe he knew all along.  An impossible jigsaw puzzle Dean never even knew he was assembling, but finally sliding in the last piece the moment he laid his hands on Cas. Based on the level of worship and soft words of praise Cas is laving Dean with, he suspects Cas feels the very same way about their perfectly complementary relationship.
And Dean isn’t sure exactly what to make of that, but he thinks it’s better than the blatant rudeness from Castiel back in November.
Dean can’t bring himself to care, he’s already lost everything. 5 hundred or 5 million or 5 billion people dead doesn’t make a single difference to him right now. The only one that matters is dead.
Cas finally leans up and fully off of him, slowly pulling out and sitting back on his haunches between Dean’s still-spread legs. There’s a slow drip of Cas’s come out of him, then he feels Cas’s thumb slowly swipe through it and- Lord fucking save him- push it back inside. Dean whimpers.
Dean’s dreams, if you could call pathetic unconscious pleas, or maybe a subconscious prayer, dreams, didn’t differ too much from the endless loop of memories of Cas that were going through his mind before he fell to the ground.
Cas does eventually release him, and they walk hand in hand down Dean’s hallway, picking up only their boxers off the floor as they go, and into Dean’s kitchen.
“Good instincts there, Cas, because if you did order those nasty carrots that not even the kids will eat, then I was going to say you might still be sick, and then report you to Gabriel.”
The post is currently sitting in his drafts on his burner account, just waiting for Dean to press the ‘post’ button.
Chaos greets him. Cazriel thinking Deacon is “Still beautiful, still Deacon Walker” is sending some (almost everyone) into cardiac arrest and Caz pulling Deacon “close” is also sending some into hysterics.
“I’m fairly certain everyone likes you, Dean. Well, maybe not Chuck… since you spilled that bag of milkshake mix on him, but everyone else does.”
He rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, whatever. If you let it go to your head I’ll just keep insulting you, how about that?”
Cas locks his ankles together above the swell of Dean’s ass, nudging him forward. “I’ll be better once you come.”
“Just… at least consider eating something, Dean. You know we’ll at least need to be able to stand for this, no matter how it turns out.”
Meg just smiles a scarily suggestive smile, and turns to take the money from the car with the order Novak just took. There’s a $7 upcharge.
Dean feels like the imaginary rays beating on his imaginary cat-like person get dialed up to eleven.
If he manages to straighten out his thoughts for a few moments, the heat and pressure of the shower feels like that moment before Cas let him go.
Dean pulls Cas's lip between his teeth, tugging gently, and Cas groans, a deep, grating sound that he quickly decides he’ll never be able to live without hearing again.
Kevin just grunts and pushes past him, presumably to go take out one of their coworkers with the heavy box.
“I can’t just tell him how I feel because even I don’t know how I feel. What, I’m just gonna say, ‘So, I know we only hooked up in the bathroom at work once, and I’m still not a hundred percent sure you’re not pissed at me for something, but I was wondering if you would kindly never leave me again? Please? Oh, and also I’m pretty sure I’m in love with you.’ That’s not going to work, Charlie!”
Dean frantically frees one of his hands from Cas’s hair to tap his shoulder and warn, “Ca- Cas… I’m gonna come, I’m-”
have a stick up my ass- it’s not my fault you are incapable of grasping the minutiae of how to be professional at work.”
So, when Dean finally makes his way to the section of the store lobby designated for crew on their breaks, he doesn’t even think twice before making his way over to where Novak is sitting at a booth, gracelessly plopping himself down on the other side, and immediately resting his forehead on the table top.
Cas withers a look at him, clearly now annoyed his shower was interrupted for Dean’s amusement at something. “Dean, I just ran out of the shower and clearly am still very wet. Can it wait?”
In that moment, Tumblr posts flit through his mind from yesterday about people storming the CW headquarters and making everyone answer for their crimes. Dean can’t even find it in himself to disagree with the plan. He just hopes that if that ever happened, they wouldn’t mistake him for one of the evil ones.
Cas making sure to swallow every last taste and leaving light kisses along him is not helpful as he tries to come down from the stratosphere Cas ejected him into.
He glances at the screen, double checking to see that he did, in fact, not make the Oreo McFlurry that the car outside the second window- where people are supposed to get their food- are waiting.
Cas displaces his weight on top of Dean to perilously reach over and almost hang off the bed to retrieve the bottle. When he returns, he adjusts his legs so he’s straddling Dean. Dean’s hands settle once again on Cas’s waist, and he wonders if it would be too much to ask Cas to never move or leave from where he is in Dean’s lap ever again for the rest of his life, please?
Cas turns a bit to the left, and without a moment of hesitation, starts walking forwards. “It’s this way.” Dean knows better than to question Cas when he clearly has his heart set on something. He remembers learning this lesson quite a few times, but at least now it sticks when it matters.
But no matter how much Dean despises the CW, this now means he actually has to earn his living and do his job. Dean lets out an audible groan at the prospect. Reluctantly, he goes through the now-familiar steps of surfing social media and taking notes of the reaction and news presence, even though he’s sure no one at corporate is going to care now upset and angry the fans are about Misha
“I never thought I’d get to have something like this,” Cas whispers from his position on top of Dean, now turning around so he’s still resting on his chest, but now Dean can see Cas’s face, his cracked open expression, his impossible eyes now with emotion heavy like stone in their depths. “I’ve always… thought it was too far out of my reach, no matter how hard I tried or how badly I wanted to cross the distance to grab it. I-” Cas closes his eyes and Dean wants to reach and cup his face, wants to desperately kiss him, wants to tell him that it’s okay, that he has Dean now and he’s not going anywhere, but he knows Cas isn’t done speaking yet, and Dean doesn’t want to interrupt him. So Dean stays still and he waits.
He sinks to his knees in the gravel beside the busy highway that, just an hour ago, was completely void of life- eerie silence blanketing the normally bustling 4-lane.
“Okay, okay, TMI, dude. I don’t need the specifics.” Charlie’s face is all scrunched up like she’s physically trying to stop herself from imagining it. “But what happened after? I’m assuming you didn’t piss him off even more, right?”
Fucking finally. He’s free. Dean is about to leave so quickly that there’s definitely going to be skid marks on the tiled floor. He peels the headset off and searches around for the poor soul tasked with taking over for him.
… Dean has had Tumblr for over 5 years now, has been following the spn fandom on the site since the beginning, but even he didn’t foresee the website crashing like this.
Castiel’s own gaze drops to the red tinge, then snaps back up to let the smallest, most self-satisfied quirk of lips Dean’s ever seen break his severe expression. He looks pleased with himself, and Dean hates him a little bit for it.
The last one makes Novak almost drop the $56 order he’s holding and send the food spilling onto the floor- Dean forces himself not to burst out laughing as Novak tries to recover the bag. He throws Dean a murderous glare, who is smiling innocently back at him, and turns to lean out of the window to hand the bag over.
What? Huh? What the fuck did Dean say again? His brain is currently too busy melting like ice cream on a hot sidewalk.
“Okay first, give a guy some warning first, you scared the shit outta me. And second, if you haven’t noticed,” he raises his hand to gesture at the screen above his head that shows a completely empty drive thru, “there have been zero cars for the last 5 minutes, and I am bored. So, I’m going on my phone, thank you very much.”
“I think that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me that wasn't sarcastic. You did still manage to insult me, though.”
Dean isn’t sure he’s ever seen him smile, never mind laugh at something- and there have been some really fucking cute dogs in the drive thru that wiggle their way into their owner’s laps to get closer to the food.
The entire time Dean and Cas spent in each other’s presence was always under the threat of something. There was always a danger marring their relationship. Always a threat hanging over their heads. Always something coming back to bite them in the ass.
Dean’s tone is hushed- it feels wrong to speak loudly in the presence of Cas on the screen- but it’s no less threatening. His eyes still don’t stray from the screen. “Don’t finish that sentence, Sam. You don’t get to talk about him- never mind what he fucking
, please, oh god,” he keens, and maybe now Dean understands the allure of his first name being moaned out instead of his last name.
your mouth. Holy shit,” Dean pants, throwing his head back against the door hard enough that it’ll probably hurt afterwards, but he can’t give a single fuck right now.
Dean manages a smile at Sam’s misplaced regret at not knowing every single tiny part of a spell that’s only been tried once in all of recorded history- like he didn’t give Dean everything- like he didn’t save his world by giving him hope. “It’s okay, Sam, if he no-shows, I’ll go after him. I don’t mind.” He chuckles softly, mostly to himself. “I guess that means it's my time to raise him from perdition, huh? It’ll be nice to save his ass from eternal damnation for once. I’m assuming someone has to stay with the spell and make sure we can actually get back out of the Empty, right?”
Drive thru picks up, and he tries not to let the situation haunt him and he takes orders for the next forty-five minutes.
Resigned, he pushes the button on his headset to turn on his mic to take the next order. “Hi there, what can I get for you?” There’s a beat of silence over the speaker before the person in the car says,
Cas, of course, oblivious to Dean’s internal crisis about trying not to die at the hands and mouth of him, proceeds to continue deep-throating Dean and swallowing around the head.
Cas smiles, and Dean leans in to kiss him again. Gently, though, because it’s what the occasion calls for. Also because he’s a fucking gentleman.
Cas is grinning like the Grinch on Christmas when he returns with a cloth to properly clean them both up. After he’s done, he carelessly throws  the cloth (which if anyone else did, Dean would find rude, but for Cas it’s somehow endearing), on the floor somewhere behind him, and manoeuvres them both under Dean’s sheets. Cas also wastes no time before pressing himself all along Dean’s side and then resting his head on top of Dean’s rising and falling chest.
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll get it.” Just before Dean is about to hit the button on his headset to turn on the mic and take the next drive thru order, a rumbling voice belonging to the most irritating manager he’s ever known interrupts him.
Charlie interrupts Dean’s self-reflection to brutally remind him that no matter where he wants to be, he currently is at work, taking drive thru orders and making the drinks and ice cream for it as well. “Dean, did you get the Flurry? The car’s at my window.”
“We’re trying to keep the number of pulls below 15% of cars, Winchester, so next time at least try to get the food ready on time.”
When Dean wakes up, slowly and with just the right amount of soreness, it takes him a moment to realize Cas isn’t where he was when they fell asleep. He didn’t go far, though. All Dean has to do is turn his head a bit to the left to see Cas, with his right arm propping up his head, gazing down at Dean with unrestrained emotion.
“Charlie!” He yell-whispers. “Cas is in drive thru and he’s ordering this thing that we shared and I don’t know what it’s supposed to mean. Tell me what I’m supposed to do. What do I say?”
The screaming in Dean’s head reaches a fever pitch. No. No, he can’t say this now. Not when they’ve just run out of time. Not when Dean sees the Empty being summoned, which must mean that Cas is actually
He’s not really expecting anything to come of it- maybe it’ll make some people who click on the notes laugh, but that’s it. He goes back to scrolling on his dash, still chuckling to himself over the non exhaustive lexicon that he’s sure will need to be updated in a month. Life comes at you fast, but life in the dezricule comes at you faster.
if they aren’t some of the funniest people Dean’s ever known. They’re also all deserving of Master degrees in queer representation and media analysis, Jesus Christ. They make philosophers and scientists look uneducated and clueless.
“Some help you are,” he grumbles. “Dude, hasn’t it been, like, a week? Two? A month, maybe? Since I went in after this asshole?” Dean very clearly gestures to Cas with his free hand, just in case his point went unnoticed. “That’s what it felt like, or at least that’s what I thought it felt like, to me.”
“Unbelievable,” he mutters under his breath, and reluctantly walks over to the fry station. He and Novak glares at each other as he passes by, but neither says anything else.
Castiel is the first to speak up, and Dean finds himself wishing that the man would never stop talking, even if he was mad at Dean, just so he could keep hearing his voice.
they pull into McDonald’s? Dean works here, and yet every time he comes through the drive thru he’s got exactly what he’s going to say all planned out in his head beforehand.
to help, “Sam, come on, I just- I need to be close, okay? I’ve spent way too long not close enough and I-”
“Yeah, Cas, I’m right here.” He reaches with his clean hand up to cradle Cas’s face. “You good, baby?”
And that’s when, with Dean’s head halfway out of his shirt and his eyes covered by the fabric, he slips on the small puddles of water Cas left behind and falls right on his ass. Oh, that fucker.
tear it to shreds before his eyes. Never to return. Good riddance. His lips, his teeth, his hands, his fingers; on, around, with, in him. Dean cherishes every single thing Cas does.
Dean rolls his eyes at the comment and the cheesy smile pasted on the guy’s face- wishing he could just take his drink and go take his nasty ass cigarette smoke somewhere else, but of course he just keeps talking.
good for him, Cas- who still has almost his whole body splayed out on Dean’s back- releases Dean’s wrists (which stay exactly in place, thank you very much), and starts trailing his hands back up Dean’s arms and all the way down his sides as Cas lavishes attention to the span of skin below his ear and down his neck.
The dreams are just yet another thing this black hole just forcibly rips from him and swallows whole, never to return or be glimpsed again. You’d think it’d be a relief not to remember nightmares, but in those unconscious visions Dean gets to see Cas again- so he’d never want to lose the nightmares, no matter how much it hurts to watch what happens to Cas in his mind.
Sighing, he turns back to face the till, his own lane still empty. As he reaches down to continue scrolling on his phone, he catches Meg staring at him with the most amusement he’s ever seen on her face. Ah, shit. There’s no way she didn’t hear what he was saying- sitting all of two feet away on some empty crates at the window.
Dean turns without a word (honestly, he doubts he could even manage one at this point), and starts dragging Cas faster.
Cas had started to fall the moment he burned the claim onto Dean’s soul 12 years ago, and now here he is, falling the rest of the way. Falling
Cas crushes their lips back together, wasting no time in licking into his mouth, and Dean winds his fingers through Cas’s unbelievably soft hair.
Part of Dean wants to go back up to the level Castiel’s on and demand he explain… literally everything.
Dean wasn't paying attention to what was happening, and now he’s throwing Dean off of a cliff into water that he can’t tell has rocks or sharks in or not.
With his hands still holding the last McFlurry as its blending, he’s unable to stop three of his Flurries getting taken.
Him and AngelOfThursday have been talking for a little over a week, sending various posts to each other and in general just sharing the brain rot together. He’s actually pretty good company, and Dean often finds himself looking forward to their conversations.
Dean just feels utterly broken inside and he knows there’s no hope that he’ll ever put himself back together. Even if the music didn’t crush his very soul, the absence of Cas deems Dean irreparable.
Ultimately, it is the thought of Castiel being beside him, glaring icily at him for his hesitance at posting the scripts, despite having already done the really risking part of taking the pictures in the first place that compels him to hit ‘post’.
Castiel finally breaks the confessional silence between them. “You seem to care very much about… well, everyone, really.” Castiel seems somewhat surprised by this. “But especially about the fans.”
And then a list of words and phrases that shouldn’t even be classified as English, and yet Dean slowly begins to realize that he understands them all.
When he finally manages to reign in his trail of thought, he realizes that he’s been staring at Castiel the entire time. And Castiel has been staring back.
giving Dean a hell of a view, and walks away from the elevator he was apparently never really waiting for.
He doesn’t know how much longer he has to keep waiting and moving forward through time before he receives gratification. It could be one more day, it could be a month. He doesn’t know, and he thinks maybe it is for the best. It takes enough out of him to keep going, never mind worryingly about how
Dean flashes a cocky smirk, and fully settles into his position between the counter and wall. “Nah, I’m good, actually, thanks. I didn’t want to go back on anyway, so I’m just gonna chill here for a bit.”
He waits a little bit before trying again, only to be greeted with the same error message. Reluctantly, he gives up and opens what he so affectionately calls the cursed bird app.
Dean scrambles up from the couch, already pulling off his T-shirt. “You’re so smart, Cas. Genius, really, I’ll even-”
Dean’s near hysteria. Of course Castiel managed to find his one in a million Tumblr account and checked out his profile. Of course.
Dean barks out another laugh into Cas’s throat, pulling off of his neck to exasperatedly rest his forehead against Cas’s sternum. “Food, Cas. I was wondering if you want food.”
The first post he sees is nothing but a key smash. Oh this can’t be good. The second post is, in all caps,
“Clarence? What, you mean Novak?” He thinks he remembers seeing Meg in the science departments at the same place he sees Novak sometimes, and sharing some classes and a job would explain the nickname. At least, he hopes that’s what it is. “I was just joking around over the headsets, Meg. In case you haven’t noticed, the dude’s got an entire oak tree shoved up his ass.”
Cas’s shoulders shake with laughter. “I woke up early- well, earlier than normal- and I went on my phone because, well, it was like 5am and that’s always an interesting thing to do. The fandom is celebrating reaching a hundred thousand dezriel fics on AO3. And yes, I’m aware that is not the most amorous experience in the world, but it really was meaningful to me. All the happiness and excitement in their posts and art reminded me about how I got to know you, and how I got to know this insane fandom as well.”
. He can actually feel it going on its own roller coaster in his body, except there’s nowhere for it to go but down, and this time he thinks the landing is actually going to kill him. Even in his denial and angst-ridden mind, Dean can’t picture a single feasible way he is going to pick himself up and slowly try to fit all the pieces of his heart that shattered on the ground at the altar of Castiel back together.
Somewhere nature is beautiful and calm. Somewhere Dean can watch Cas as he takes in the beauty around them. He’s spent so long hiding how he watches Cas and he doesn’t think he wants to anymore.
Another four days later has the delivery bell notification going off, grating on Dean’s nerves like steel on steel. Why why why
“This has been really nice, Jensen, but Castiel and I just need to go, uh, talk about PR stuff. Um. Right now.” Dean begins to drag a now fully smirking Castiel behind him towards the exit that leads onto the street.
Oh. Right. He is supposed to be monitoring social media for the response to the confession. Ignoring the fact that the rudest CW exec he’s ever known had to remind him to do his job, he logs onto his primary, and also favourite, social media site to monitor: Tumblr.
“Thank fuck. Jesus Christ, who orders eight extra large four and fours? They should be paying extra for this shit,” Dean complains as he and Novak scramble to fill all the coffee cups and fit them with lids before the car pulls up to the second window.
Whispered, promised into Dean’s skin as he lies beneath Cas, and he doesn’t think the burn on his skin will ever dissipate from the place Cas's lips brush against him.
Cas’s right hand trails down his back, tracing swirling patterns all the way down and back up his skin. “And I love you, Dean.”
He collapses forward onto Cas’s chest, turning his head to kiss the skin just above where his heart is. “I love you, Cas.”
Dean snorts at that. The guy’s funny, he’ll give him that. A little charming, too. He’s always had a soft spot for people who put in effort, and the amount that the dezricule requires is ridiculously high, so he has to give AngelOfThursday credit.
. It started out basic, just learning how to wrap his tongue around the lilting pronunciation so different from the intensely emphasized sounds in Spanish that he comes across more often. Even when they weren’t driving, or on the case, Dean would blurt out bits and pieces in French to Cas in passing. He remembers a time they were in the motel, sitting on twin beds sitting facing each other, and when Dean attempted to say that it was too hot in the room, Cas actually reached out and used his hands to move Dean’s jaw to properly pronounce the words. Safe to say the room didn’t get any cooler for Dean after he did that.
He reaches over to steal one of Novak’s fries before continuing. “Dude, you’re such a better manager than her, it’s not even funny. Better than most of them, really. You’ve always got everything all planned out, plus at least five backup plans, right?”
Dean smiles right back at Cas, and isn't that something Dean thought he’d never be able to do again. He doesn’t think he’ll be able to take a single thing for granted ever again. They eventually help each other up, hands never leaving their bodies, and stand up with their sides pressed directly together, hands entwined below their waists.
” Cas still has his arm pinned above his head, and Dean really isn’t sure how much more of this he’s going to be able to take. He feels like he is one thread being snapped away from shattering the seams of his body and floating away forever on a memory of pleasure.
Dean wishes he never heard this farewell, wishes he’d never heard anything of what Cas said, wishes he was still choking on air outside of this room, just so he could pretend that Cas isn’t about to die.
Dean knows he’s hovering. He can’t bring himself to care in the least, though. There are much worse things to be agonizing over than what is probably the most important research he’s ever observed Sam do. He knows Sam is valiantly trying to focus on the texts in front of him and not the ceaseless pacing behind him.
Dean has never seen Cas cry, not once. He doesn’t think anyone has, actually. He didn’t cry when he fell from Heaven- reduced from a heavenly soldier to a weak human. Didn’t cry when he felt human pain so potent he summoned an angel to end his suffering, didn’t cry when he lost his son that he had died trying to protect.
“Hey, where you going? There isn’t even any ice cream to make,” Dean calls through the headset, but he’s only met with silence.
Dean’s eyes fly open (because apparently he had closed them at some point while he was too busy trying not to kick the bucket), and frantically tries to figure out why the hell Novak is thanking him. He pieces it together when Novak is somehow able to walk past him and head toward the main doors, which only could be possible if Dean unconsciously moved backwards when Cas stepped forwards and sent him into a full systems shutdown.
As his dreams went on, they became more and more blurred. After the first few dozen times, Cas began to merge with the blackness of the Empty even as he was still pouring his heart out to Dean. And then Cas started to become one with the Empty before he even told Dean
Sam slowly shakes his head, but Dean wasn’t really looking for an answer. “When Jack died... he, uh, well,” Dean chuckles mirthlessly, “asshole went and offered himself to the Empty instead. But the Empty holds grudges, ya know? Wasn’t gonna take Cas right then- said it would wait until Cas was all nice and happy, and
He doesn’t bother sitting down, just starts pacing the length between the thankfully empty tables in the crew break section.
they reach out even more. Gentle, comforting touches of lips that slowly delve into needy, hot presses of tongue, teeth, and hands in a mad scramble to see who can get the other even closer, who can get the other to make louder moans, who can make it more impossible for the other to pull away.
He looks down, not to see Cas pulling off, but instead looking right back up at him with a challenge in his eyes- making sure Dean is watching him purposely swallow around him again. Dean comes, overwhelming pleasure barely being muffled and stopped from spilling from his parted lips. Cas’s name, of course, managing to slip out.
yes,” he breathes,  immediately reaching for the milkshake and shamelessly taking a huge drink through the straw.
Jensen is saying something to Castiel, maybe even something interesting or funny, but it’s just white noise to him. All of a sudden, Dean can’t handle this anymore. Any of it. He jerks into a standing position, grabs Castiel by the hand-
He remembers with perfect clarity the first time he saw Novak working here. It would be very goddamn hard not to. It was one of his first shifts, and even to his unpracticed eyes, he could tell it was balls to the wall insane in the store. The drive thru was filled with cars, there were people lined up to the doors at the front, and of course the electronic chime that Dean would soon learn signals a new delivery order kept going off. People were frantically trying to keep up with the rush, running around like headless chickens, except for one body that moved like a shark through the frenzied water.
“What did you call me?” He breathes, leaning in to whisper the question almost right against Dean’s lips.
In a twitch that seems like Novak is coming back online, he manages, “I- it’s fine. You can- I wasn’t… that thirsty anyways.” Dean doesn’t think he’s ever heard Novak so inarticulate before.
Cas hitches Dean’s legs around his hips up a little higher, and when he thrusts in again, Dean is brutally reminded that the end, for him at least, is approaching rapidly, because of course now Cas is hammering his prostate on every push in. It doesn’t take Cas that long to reduce him back to a stuttering and quivering mess.
Clothes are allowed to leave, of course. Promptly, even. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever been so grateful to have them gone, because that means they can be even closer. No layers, no restrictions, nothing holding them back.
Dean would say something sarcastic back, no matter how sparkly and happy the praise makes him feel, but his mouth is currently occupied at the moment. He looks up at Cas through his lashes with what he hopes is a hungry gleam in his eyes. He swirls his tongue around the head just as Cas looks down at him, and Dean thinks that the memory of Cas releasing a punched-out breath as he gazes down at him is going to burn bright in his mind for the rest of his days.
“I know that yes, logically, I am a good employee that has proven time and time again that I am able to be a manager. However, that logic does nothing to impede the
As he draws nearer, Dean attempts to school his features into something he hopes is  somewhat calm, relaxed, and maybe just a little bit pretentious. It’s not his fault that Novak gets impossibly hotter when he’s pissed at him.
The fans (especially the dezricule, of course), all did talk about the so-called CW sniper, but Dean guesses it’s one thing to joke about the lack of discussion and questions around the gay angel, and a whole other to actually be proven right about their suspicions.
, impossible blue eyes are already focused on Dean when he looks over, and Jesus, that is not helping the fact that he’s trying to string together a sentence at the moment. Is it just him or is Castiel’s features less icy and impersonal than they were the last time Dean saw him?
He swears the corners of Novak’s mouth begin to quirk up in a smile at his, regretfully, pretty apt description, but when he opens his mouth to talk, he’s all seriousness.
“No, come on, Novak. Not fries, man. I’ve got drinks to make for delivery,” he argues, gesturing to the drink screen.
“Yes, Dean, just like that.” The tight, slick heat around him and Cas’s warm mouth pressing kisses into the side of his wrist beneath him sends him tumbling over the edge, moaning out Cas’s name.
At his proclamation of calling it the ‘gap’, Novak raises his eyebrow, still no smile on his face, but a hint of humour in his eyes. “If you say so, Winchester. Now, can you please move out of the
Curiosity gets the better of Dean. So he still wants to know what the drama is on Tumblr. Sue him. Putting down his plate, he reaches to the coffee table where he left his phone- again, trying not to disturb Cas’s position on him too much- and opens the app. Holding his phone in front of him so Cas can see the screen too, he starts scrolling. Then stops. Tries not to laugh so hard he coughs up his vocal chords.
He tries to keep the direction he had when he first stepped through, but the second he glanced around and the blackness closing around him on all sides, he was lost. There was nothing. Not one thing. Dean can’t tell if his eyes are open or closed; there’s no disconcernable difference. He could be as tall as the Eiffel Tower or as short as an ant or even upside down right now and he would never know because he can’t tell how far he is from whatever makes up the ground in the Empty. There’s some symbolism there, he thinks. He spent so long contemplating the tightrope he was walking before, always looking down and never forward, and now here he is, unable to do anything but move forward in a place he can’t see anything when he does look down.
Scenery passes him by as he lays against what he thinks is probably Baby’s passenger side window. He’s aware enough to catch the music that plays, though. Sam must have changed the radio station to something random because there’s no way this is premeditated. Sam isn’t this merciless.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever, you’re always right, we get it, sweetheart. I was just practicing for later. You know, cause I have a feeling I’ll be saying that to you for a while now.”
Cas begins to thrust into him in earnest, and Dean isn’t even able to hold his head up anymore, collapsing back against the pillows, wrapping his arms around what he can reach of Cas’s shoulders.
anything for a bit and relax? You have heard of relaxing right?” Can’t be too careful with Novak- Dean’s still not 100% convinced he’s not a cyborg of some kind.
“It’s very much not morning anymore,” Cas corrects, but is now smiling, too. “Morning was when we met Jensen at the cafe, it has to be at least 5pm by now, Dean.”
“Yeah, yeah exactly.” Sam turns to gesture at the table prepared to host the summoning. “I really would go with you, but I gotta keep an eye on this spell. If something goes wrong…”
“Dean! I thought you were choking or something, god. Is… anything actually wrong? Or you’re just on Tumblr again?”
“Things to keep in mind.” Castiel says, almost to himself, and the words break Dean out of totally not being distracted by Castiel’s mouth.
in return, but being allowed to say how you feel?” Dean finally twists to face Sam, asking but not looking for an answer. “Do you remember the days when he didn’t feel anything? All he did was follow orders, but at least he was still alive then. He was an angel, immortal, all powerful, Sam, and I- I still managed to wreck him.”
Dean closes his eyes and counts to ten. He needs an unrealistic amount of patience to deal with these people.
“Goddamn.” Dean has to admit that he’s impressed. “This is quite the long con you’ve been pulling, huh?”
Cas, of course, plasters himself along Dean’s back with his arms wrapped around his waist and chin tucked over his shoulder as Dean lays out four slices of bread, and opens the jar of peanut butter.
He opens his eyes to look hesitantly up at Cas, who’s hands now rest on his face, gently wiping away the tears that slowly trail down his face with his thumbs. “Dean… you know I was happy, right? I really was, even as the Empty took me. All I needed in that moment was to tell you how I felt, and I was at peace with you knowing you have, always had, and always will have my love. But to rest for eternity in this place…. I never wanted that for you, Dean.” Cas looks so earnest- speaking the truth that all he needed to be happy was just to
Cazriel pushes Deacon away and greets the not-yet-CGI’d black goo of the Empty. Richard yells to cut, and the whole crew bursts into applause, cheering and whistling the culmination of the 12 year long slow burn. Dean sees Misha walk over to Jensen and pulls him up off the ground and into a hug, probably celebrating the moment that they’ve been waiting years for.
As the list goes on and on, Dean thinks that no human should be able to comprehend all of this, but then again, he should have realized that spn Tumblr (also known just as Tumblr/the Supernatural website), always has been a different breed of gloriously unhinged.
Novak doesn’t stop until he’s so close that Dean feels himself going a bit cross eyed to keep him in view, gaze flitting down to his sinfully full  lips.
. Why does it even matter what the pull percentage is? So what if they made a few more cars wait a little bit longer in a designated space?
Lisa starts walking to the food bin by the grill, presumably to bag the rest of the order, and as she walks by him, she places a hand on his shoulder and whispers, “I’m sorry to be the one to tell you, but window just took 3 more large black iced coffees.”
“Um, I probably should have asked first before stealing your drink, huh?” he chokes out, now very much aware of the fact that the shake is only half full, and he didn’t take
The look Cas has on his face as he gazes down at Dean makes him want this moment, this feeling between them, never to end.
The thing is, no one else even knows what they lost; they’re all simply just gone. But Sam, Dean, and Jack… they remember those who disappeared.
He tucks Cas back into his pants- making sure no mess got anywhere other than his own hand- pulls his own pants and underwear up, and zips them both up. Cas is still leaning on him, forehead to shoulder, when he wraps his arms around Dean’s waist and turns his face into Dean’s neck.
Dean feels so bad for the twitern that is actually forced to keep up with the insane Supernatural drama in order to be able to describe what’s actually going on in the fandom when it trends. Silently laughing about it, though, Dean closes Twitter for the moment and opens his and Charlie’s messages.
He was so stupid. He was so fucking stupid to have hope. How did he think he was going to be able to find Cas in an abyss? Plus, it’s not like the Empty
come from? Dean knows they’ve been at least a little bit more civil in their text messages than before, but does it really warrant what looks like actual affection in Castiel’s eyes?
isn’t even his fault. Novak snatches the burger out of his hands with a terse, “Pull it,” and turns around to ask Garth for a Big Mac no pickles as soon as possible.
That very same spot he touched as he raised Dean from hell, and in doing so, doomed himself to fall from heaven.
“Why do you and Castiel always call each other by your last names? No one else does, and they’re not even listed on the crew sheets- only the first initial. I wouldn’t know anyone’s if you and Castiel didn’t… spit them at each other.”
The audio cuts out and the light on his mouthpiece turns off, signaling that the car has pulled forward, and this time he does let out an audible sigh, wondering where he went wrong with his life to end up as an engineering student working part time at McDonald’s.
you make me do fries? You and I both know it’s a job for the newer hires, not me. Plus, Jessica was already scheduled for it, so there wasn’t even any need for me to do it. Did I piss you off somehow? I thought we were chill and everything. Or at least, up until I was talking to Lisa about… oh.”
Resigned to the fate of the AWOL iced coffees, he turns back to the drink counter to start another two.
to do this. Stupid fucking Castiel Novak got in his head, alright? He got in Dean’s head and gave him the idea that he has to do something.
sorry, Dean. I- I didn’t think I’d regret what I said, but clearly I was wrong. Forgive me, please. I never wanted anything like that for you.” Cas's words are spoken right into Dean’s ear, every sound from Cas's mouth breathing life back into him.
Fucking Novak, making him do fries when he knows that Jessica was originally scheduled to work it. He thought they were at least on somewhat good terms- he hadn’t spilled cream on him or said anything incredibly rude recently.
“I admit, when I replied to your comment on that first post asking for elaboration of the lexicon, I had no idea it was you. And then when you started messaging me about it, I clicked on your profile.”
Novak draws his eyes up from where they were boring into the wall beside Dean, and looks straight into his eyes, gaze unwavering, but his mouth-
“All I did was tell them exactly what they wanted to hear, whether it was true or not.” Dean replies, hurling the words into the closed elevator doors in front of him. He closes his eyes, his next words much more quiet and more sincere.
Dean whips his head around so fast the room starts spinning. His mouth must be hanging so far open you could get the Ever Given stuck in it.
God, I have so many thoughts about this fic, but in an effort to keep this note not too long, I’ll just say: holy man. It was a trip and a half- from the canonical despair Dean was left in, all the way to loving peace. This is also my first attempt at writing fic, so hopefully you all enjoyed! Also a huge thank you to ifyoulovemeletmebinge for editing this and answering all my unending questions- you're actually amazing.
Even more reluctantly than before, Dean goes back to compiling his report. It’s not 10 minutes later when Castiel messages him.
Dean surreptitiously glances around the table where some twenty-odd other people are seated, but because he’s seated more toward the back of the room across from Castiel, so not a lot of people even have a view of him and Castiel.
“Also, my most heartfelt congratulations, Cas. You’ve successfully fucked me within an inch of my life, then ruined me for sex for the rest of it, too. You should be proud.”
Well, to be fair, he’s sure no doorway was opened for Cas to just waltz (fly? teleport?) through when he was sent to save Dean from hell, so it’s only fair that he put in the same effort when going to save Cas from eternal torture. Cas probably deserves even more of an effort, if he’s being honest.
“Of course, Dean.” At that, Sam gets up and goes to look through the index of the Men of Letters research and lore. Dean finishes the sandwich, not tasting it, not realizing that flavours he’s passing over his tongue. He’s thinking about Cas. But not in a despairing, grief-ridden way.
“Yeah- yeah that’s what happened. But do you know exactly what Nick was doing?” Something in Sam’s tone manages to weave its way into being something
“What? Dude… what kind of people have you been sleeping with? I mean, not that I’m really judging… wait, are you telling me that you’ve never-”
Going by the knowing look on her face, Meg sees right through him in half a second. “Mmhmm. Sure, Dean. And also, yes, you do have something in your teeth.”
Well, if this all fails, at least he’ll have the laptop footage and all the alcohol he could possibly drink. It’s a poor substitute, but it’s something, and Dean is used to pleading for scraps with Cas.
Dean is practically vibrating with excitement. He knows what’s coming; what’s about to air on live television. He’s been the PR manager for Jensen Ackles and Misha Collins for years now-over a decade, actually- ever since that strike in 2007. He likes to think that he knows them pretty well, given that his job is to be fairly aware of their social media- and sometimes even professional- presence.
are stretching enticingly over Novak’s ass and thighs, and the light blue manager button down highlighting every shift of his muscles and arms.
“I’m pretty sure your bio says: ‘Dean, he/him, 30’s, I can’t believe I get paid for this shit’. Of course, I wasn’t absolutely certain it was you, but then when I texted you on Messages and not Tumblr, your vocabulary and syntax were incredibly similar. Not to mention you discussed the same topics in virtually an identical manner, and there’s not that many people in the world Jensen Ackles will have drinks with and then discuss his sexuality.”
Novak stands up, and begins to walk back to the delivery section of the store. “You’re welcome. Now hurry up and get back to work.”
Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s waist and turns his face into Cas’s neck. “I love you,” he promises into Cas’s skin.
Dean once again is reduced to being unable to track the time, but he could never be happier to not know how long they spend wrapped together in this empty, black hole of a realm- made alive and pulled out of the darkness by them simply being together.
And of course, on the shift that Dean is most looking forward to spending his 30 minute break in blissful air conditioning in, Naomi doesn’t send Ruby up to cover him for a full forty minutes after he’s supposed to go for his break.
“Of course. I wouldn’t expect anything else,” and why does Novak always talk so genuinely? No one talks like everything he says is a promise that he’ll never even think of breaking. Maybe it’s just because of that ginormous stick still up his ass, Dean surmises. It’s gotta be up so high it affects the part of his brain that controls his level of sincerity.
Sam jumps up from the seat he was reclining in and rushes over to them. “Oh my god, Cas you made it- you guys made it back and you’re hold-“ Sam cuts himself off, waving a hand through the air in front of him seemingly to physically wipe away the words he was about to say. “Doesn’t matter, you guys are alive, you’re back, and now you’re safe.”
He ignores the first part of what she said, and checks his teeth in the reflection of the till screen to see nothing lodged in his gums. “Fuck you,” he hisses.
He doesn’t press play just yet- reveling in seeing Cas again somewhere that isn’t his nightmarish subconscious. Dean doesn’t know how long he stares at the unmoving fluorescent screen, his eyes traveling the length of Cas over and over again, unwilling to let what he knows will happen on the screen play out in front of him again.
“Fuck you, I’m plenty professional. I may not have a perpetual smile on my face on drive thru like Jack, but at least I didn’t get into a screaming match with a customer like Crowley did.”
With 10k notes. No. No way. Please, no way. He taps on the send arrow on the post and clicks on AngelOfThursday’s account and sends the post to him.
He wonders if the same thing happens to Cas. He wonders if he’s aware of every passing breath, every bout of consciousness the way Dean is.
“Oh come on, I get it now. Lisa was laughing at me and touching my shoulder and everything and you didn’t like it. So you sent me to go work fries instead of delivery.”
Dean prays that he didn’t screw things up between them- even if Cas doesn’t want the same kind of relationship that he does, and what happened between them was just a one time thing- he still wants to be at least friends with the guy.
He turns back to glance at Novak, who hasn’t moved from where he had stopped to talk to Dean. There’s some half-indecipherable, half-confused look on his face like he’s contemplating Dean and he walks away.
He pushes the button again, and this time gets inside.  Attempts to process what just happened crash and burn harder than the finale.
“Oh, don’t worry Dean, I know. This is just the first step in the plan. Start off with a relatively acceptable concept for the asshat execs- no offence Castiel- and then boom. Full blown Deacon and Caz reboot. The plot for the prequel actually is really cool,” at this point Jensen’s practically jumping up and down in his chair with excitement.
It could be a half a minute or half an hour later when they both finally regain control of their breathing and heart rates enough to be able to call themselves back in control of their bodies. Cas is now soft inside him, Dean’s legs slipped from his waist at some unknown point, sweat, lube, and come now permeate the sheets below them, and neither of them move.
come to take him.” Dean can’t see Sam’s expression in his peripheral vision, but he pictures it to be something pained.
Cas says nothing, just lays now-soft and gentle kisses on Dean’s neck, but Dean thinks he can feel the curve of Cas’s smile into his skin, too.
Honestly, he thinks it was for the best, because of course the day he gets sent to cash, it’s fucking boiling outside. At one point he could literally feel the sweat beading down his face and neck, so yeah maybe today wasn’t the best for him and Novak to be working together in close quarters.
Dean peers down and squints at Cas still laying on his chest, even though he can only see the top of his head from this angle. “Not even going to touch that last part, but, Cas… you’ve never had someone pillow talk to you after sex? Say nice things, make promises they can’t keep, that kinda thing?”
It’d be a lot easier to just message AngelOfThursday, right? Dean doesn’t have a lot of experience in
words at least, thank god. “I’m sure I’ll catch you later then, Novak,” and throws him a wink, resuming the path he was taking toward his designated lecture hall.
It doesn’t help that the space where they take orders for Lane 2, make all the drinks, and hand out the food is cramped, to say the least. It’s one meter wide and maybe three long, the edge of the drink counter on one side, the presenting space on the other, and of course the window to hand out the food through at the end. Dean feels like he’s going out of his mind. Charlie is taking orders beside him, and Novak is giving out the food on the other side, so he can’t help but listen to his voice every time he greets a customer and hands them their food and drinks.
That gets him a judgmental eyebrow raise, but Novak doesn’t say anything else. It’s only once there’s silence between them that he notices what else Novak has at the table- a medium vanilla milkshake and a large fry.
“And the question I asked was if it would be acceptable to just let all that ridiculous insanity on social media be, because really, I don't think it even dignifies a response.”
He registers the impact of the hard cement floor against his body and the only thing he thinks is that he deserves the pain. He wants to take it a thousand times more if it means he could feel the warm pressure of Cas's hand on his shoulder right before he shoves Dean away.
“Apparently all you need is the blood of the person in the Empty to summon them. And that stain on your jacket… looks bloody to me.”
Didn't Billie say that the next time he or Sam died she would throw them into the Empty? Dean thinks he’d like that- he thinks he could find Cas somewhere in the void.
Dean squeezes Cas's hand where it’s still clasped in his. He knows he didn’t get the chance to fill him in about how Jack defeated Chuck and took his place in heaven, but hopefully the kid explains it to him with that now-teeming angelic energy.
Dean sleeps for what might be a year, half a day, or a kilometer. And yet, despite the horrifying nothingness, he still doesn’t regret his decision. He’s still with Cas here.
Dean takes a deep breath. Unfortunately, this isn’t the first time the execs have left fans to stew in their own anger. “No, you can just… leave them all be.” He addresses the last sentence down to the table in front of him, unable to promise anything while staring directly in anyone’s eyes. “They’ll be fine.”
This time, the crossover posts of drama include Supernatural, Marvel, the Zodiac Killer (???), Star Wars, and of course, Taylor Swift. Wouldn’t be a party without her.
Dean’s mouth is so close to Cas's now that he promises it against his skin, and Dean thinks it’s fitting so that not a single part of it gets lost between them. As soon as Cas registers the words, he begins to rear back, likely to explain that no, Dean doesn’t have an obligation to him, no matter what Cas said, because Dean
son of a bitch didn’t know well enough to stay away from him- the Righteous Man who can’t help but destroy.
It’s late at night as Dean is getting ready to pass out in his bed when he comes to the conclusion that maybe Castiel didn’t feel the need to reach out to him, because there’s no way he and the other CW assholes haven’t heard about the scripts by now.
Instead, he turns to punch in a medium water extra ice into the automatic drink machine in front of him. He downs half of it in one gulp, and then promptly gets brain freeze, because duh, he
Every single missed opportunity in the last 12 goddamn years flashes by, each one hurting more and more. But the prayer in purgatory… that one hurts the most. He was so close, he was about to tell Cas everything, but Cas stopped him. It was like being prepared to jump off a waterfall- telling yourself over and over again that you can do it, you’ll be okay- and then just as you’re running forward and about to take the leap, someone grabs you and drags you back to safety. He had accepted the ruined adrenaline and preemptive rejection then; that he’d just have to wait a bit longer, and then he could tell Cas. No matter what Cas said, even if he did end up hating Dean for what he was going to tell him, he’d at least get it off his chest.
Dean should have known that when Cas actually disentangled himself from Dean, that there was no way Cas was actually going to go to the kitchen and make his own food. A point that is proven when a pillow slams down on his face, and as Dean frantically tries to recover, Cas leans over and peers down at him.
Dean looks up from the unknowable bowl to face another leap he has to take. The spell needs all of the blood he has… so if it doesn’t work, if Cas doesn’t come back, or Dean can’t get him back, he’ll have
The hopper is out of fries already. Which means now he gets to go grab a frozen box of fries from the back freezer and hope he doesn’t drop it- those things are slippery as they are heavy.
Dean wants to beg their forgiveness for the company he is forced to keep. It’s a horrible thing- owing your livelihood and your life to people you get paid to ignore and silence.
He keeps drifting, unfocused during the car ride back to the Bunker, the only processing he’s able to do is the occasional auditory processing of the music that plays. Song after song ripples around him, through him, in him- tears a permanent fixture on his face.
He takes a breath, then croons along to Heart’s vocals, “Cold, late night so long ago, when I was not so strong, you know.” He pitches his voice low, syruping over the lower registers as he sings, “A pretty man came to me, I never seen eyes so blue. You know I-”
He’s up at first window this time, taking people’s cash and holding out the debit machine for those with credit cards while Novak was on the complete other side of the store working on deliveries, so they don’t cross paths once.
And of course, Novak is presenting right beside him, which means he’s also not 100% focused on the drinks and ice creams he’s making.
He wants to be free of the burdens on them. Chuck, the malicious Creator, Billie, bent on revenge, the Empty, apparently having chained Cas's happiness to it.
He slams the laptop shut and squeezes his eyes shut against the onslaught of tears. He needs a drink. He needs a lot more than one drink.
It’s 10am in the morning and the café wasn't located on a busy street in the first place, so the sidewalk is practically clear of other pedestrians and the street is empty. Dean walks Castiel a bit down the sidewalks so anyone looking outside through a window won’t be able to see them.
be on the counter in front of him, but tragically is not. What’s even taking so long? It’s just a Big Mac meal, nothing fancy.
Dean is scrolling on Tumblr- like he always is nowadays- when he comes across a post that makes him snort so hard he isn’t sure a piece of his brain isn’t in his throat.
It couldn't be further from the truth. Dean is the most selfish person on this godforsaken planet. He just couldn’t be happy just having Cas as a friend. A best friend, even. His
There is one constant, however. The jacket. It never gets further away from Dean than 2 meters. Sam deems himself in charge of the research? Fine. Dean will watch over the most important part of the spell they’re going to attempt. He’ll watch over Cas. He can do that.
Dean, for once, pauses before responding. He thinks Castiel would appreciate his thoughtfulness as opposed to his normally brash and not very well thought out responses.
They may still be separated by the whole length of the grill, with Dean still at first window and Novak by the fry station, but Dean thinks he can still hear his shocked and sharp exhale. They keep staring at each other, neither making a move until Novak slowly brings his hand up to hold down the button and turn on his mic.
Because really, that’s what it is. Convincing the other to keep going, keep moving forward, right into the path of inevitable internal destruction and ultimate vulnerability- all in the arms of someone else. Tearing everything in someone down to shreds while at the same time building them up toward an inevitable crescendo.
Cas tugs on his hair, and it takes Dean more than a second to realize it’s because he wants him to stop. Dean comes off with a wet pop, and looks expectantly up at Cas. He trails his hands up and down Cas’s naked and oh-so firm thighs as he waits on his knees in front of Cas for what he has to say.
“Wha- huh?” Dean spins around to look at the drive thru camera, and sure enough, there’s a car in Lane 2. He turns back to Novak, but he already has his back to him and is taking the order. Dean himself does not have an order, so rather than going back on his phone, he gets comfy leaning against the till, and switches his headset audio from Lane 1 over to Lane 2 so he can listen in on what Novak’s saying without him knowing.
Perfectly sculpted features with eyes of a colour that Dean still isn’t sure is actually possible. He hadn’t known then, thanks to the crew hat being worn at the time, but the dark, seemingly freshly fucked hair hidden underneath was just as captivating.
He wraps his hand around Cas’s dick, lightly stroking in time with his thrusts. Cas’s legs are wrapped around his waist, his hips rising up to meet Dean’s own every time he pushes in.
“Well, stop being so confusing, then. And if you’re going to be this intent on staying in this gateway, would you at least mind moving so I can get by, please?”
But not because of what you’d expect. Not because of that very real Reaper pounding at the door, but because of how much pain his heart is in.
Dean sighs. He finds that Jack often looks to him for advice or example, even though he’s not exactly sure what he did that made him such a role model to the high schooler.
He’s sitting at the same table he was all those days or weeks or months ago when Sam dared to give him hope; contemplating the names he carved into its wooden top. He wonders if Cas would get pissy at him for desecrating their tables. They’ve endured in the presence of beings more powerful than Dean can even still comprehend- God, Jack, Lucifer, Micheal, Billie, Rowena, Cas himself, even.
The screen stays paused in front of Dean, and he’s still careful not to disturb the revenant aura around Cas on the screen, so he’s quiet when he replies. “Jack said Nick was summoning Lucifer, and they stopped him.”
It’s not nearly late enough in the day for them to fall asleep for the night, so Dean and Cas just rest together, both just wanting comfort in each other’s warmth and presence. It’s pure bliss, if you ask Dean. There’s not a single other thing happening in the world at this moment outside the feel of Cas’s soft hair brushing against Dean’s skin and Cas’s left hand coming up to rest beside his pillowed head and start swirling random patterns on his ribs.
“Winchester.” Why does it have to be Novak that has the low, smoky voice that Dean swears sets his organs on fire? “Had your fill of irritating everyone at work, and now you’re on your way to annoy some professors, I presume?”
“Tell me you understand, Dean. You are not something to be discarded, something to be thrown away. You are someone who deserves to be loved, be cherished, and most of all, be happy.”
Listen….. I really was going to end it here. It was such a strong, horrible temptation, but NO I COULDN’T
When he looks around the table again, this time he expects to see every pair of eyes looking angrily at him for his dangerously attractive distraction, but everyone else is still focused and facing forward. Everyone but him and Castiel- to whom his gaze has been helpless to find its way back to.
“I have to admit, I’m not sure I really want you to have someone else to have now-ruined sex with,” Cas says as he pushes himself off the bed and walks bare ass naked to Dean’s washroom to presumably clean them up.
Castiel’s face is one of innocent inquiry, but his eyes are full of barely-contained laughter as he looks across the table at Dean.
can’t McDonald’s close at a normal hour like almost every other restaurant? He has assignments due tomorrow, and it's a 7 -12 shift, which is going to mean pulling an all-nighter in order to finish it all. Goddamn it.
Drive thru is still zoning- he heard Gabriel calling out that they did $2,500 for the last hour, and it doesn’t look like it’s slowing down.
God, Dean misses his best friend. Unfortunately, such a good job opportunity with a media conglomerate like Twitter often comes with large distances of separation. Namely, the distance between California and New York.
for the newest social media buzz, not the other way around. Up until a month or two ago, Castiel was as unaware of what was happening on social media as the moms on Facebook.
The radio that normally gets drowned out by the bustle of the grill is playing music Dean can actually hear this time. The outro of Bat Out Of Hell fades away to the enthralling intro chords of Magic Man.
He doesn’t answer Dean’s question right away, instead opting to cup Dean’s cheek in his hand and slowly swipe his thumb over his cheekbone, the drugging emotion between them changing from lust to comfort in under a second.
“Uh, yeah, yes,  of course you can’t stay there all the time- not to mention spending that much time at McDonald’s would probably suck away all your IQ points and then melt your brain.”
When Cas’s body heat finally leaves the length of his body, Dean hears the pop of the bottle cap and starts actively salivating. Cas, of course, is clearly in no rush, because he puts his hands back on Dean’s ass, pressing kisses and teeth into him. Dean arches his back, raising his hips up into Cas’s touch, but he doesn’t move his arms.
Dean smirks and takes another step closer, barely a foot separating them now. “It’s not that hard, Novak. All you gotta do is say that you weren’t je-”
Literally any other situation and Dean would be falling to the ground and thanking whatever god bestowed the most addicting and fucking
But there are teardrops falling from Cas's brilliantly blue eyes now, and there’s a smile on his face. Death is about to come and drag him to oblivion, and Cas is smiling. Dean wants to step forward and wipe them away, he wants to leave this warded room with Cas, breeze by Death like she doesn’t have a single claim on either of them, and go somewhere quiet with Cas.
“Did you just insult me, compliment my physical appearance, while also reassuring me about my job at the same time?”
AngelOfThursday, whoever he really is, never fails to put Dean in a better mood. He’s really starting to enjoy his company. It’s really nice to have someone to talk to for hours at a time, about spn drama or sometimes just life in general.
“But I’d love to go back to your place, if that’s alright. I’ve always wondered what you looked like when you were texting me…”
Cas rewards his fumbling with a slow smile as he unzips Dean’s pants and pulls them and his underwear down to pool at his knees. Cas then proceeds to waste zero time before swallowing Dean down, hands like steel on Dean’s hips, forcing them still.
,” Novak bites out as he sucks the skin at his pulse point. “You are disrespectful,” he licks along the skin he just was mouthing at as he speaks the words, and Dean shuts his eyes. “You almost never do what you are told.” Novak is worrying the skin between his teeth now, and Dean is completely sure that if he weren’t being pressed up against the wall, he would have buckled to the floor.
“No, I am not. I’m simply logical. I also came to enjoy being able to communicate with you so often and so freely. You have… certainly opened my eyes to many things I never noticed or even deigned to consider before. I would even go as far as saying that you changed me. So thank you.”
“Winchester, you shouldn’t put the sugar in before the cream, that’s why the dispensers are all set up like this.”
Maybe instead of spending his time weaving together the most horribly beautiful words Dean has ever heard, Cas should focus on taking his own fucking advice from his last death bed confession so Dean wouldn’t have to watch Cas die
Dean gets the feeling that there’s definitely more that AngelOfThursday requires clarification on, but Dean leaves it be for now. He starts to type out the backgrounds of the words, but then begins to think better of it. Op might not want people typing whole ass definitions in the notes, after all.
Dean is so close to dissolving back into laughter. “Cas, we- Jesus Christ. The fandom talked about Jensen’s sexy silence on the finale so much that
Everything is whipping around him, harsh and terrifying. He’s staring out over the precipice and looking down to see a bowl in front of him. That’s it. That’s the container that will decide his fate at the bottom of this jump. Being saved or being damned. Eternal happiness or eternal grief, or something even worse.
“I am. Which means that I’m going to need these.” Novak reaches down, and before Dean can stop him, he picks up two of the iced coffees and quickly brings them back to the second window to hand them out to the car idling outside.
As what he thinks time is, goes on, Dean slowly begins to recollect more and more of his nightmares during what he called the time of lucidity and not unconsciousness. It starts out with just the briefest memory of Cas's face, and then slowly a flash or two of what was happening in his subconscious, and then eventually he’s able to recollect every horror he dreams about. Brutal, terrible things happen to him, to Cas, to both of them sometimes, and he doesn’t begrudge his brain one second for the hallucinations.
Thankfully, Dean doesn’t fall down, but the bag of cream he’s carrying does. He manages to right himself before he faceplants onto the disgusting floor, but not in time to stop the bag from bursting open and cream spilling everywhere.
“Oh. Well,” Dean leans down to take another quick sip before pushing it back over to him. “We might as well share now, right?”
His tone is so flat, Dean thinks he could perfectly measure something with a construction level on it.
“Yep. Got it. I’ll get on that right now,” and turns away to go condemn himself to what’ll probably be 15 minutes of mopping because cream is fucking
Dean doesn’t know where Sam did end up going after, but it quickly becomes irrelevant- his current company is much more captivating than his damn fool brother. They sit in the kitchen and just relax as Dean slowly eats his way through some comfort food while they simply talk, because more than anything, they missed each other’s company. Halfway through discussing the benefits of nano-propulsion in micro satellites, Dean becomes aware that the sandwich he’s eating is peanut butter and jelly (not jam). The realization fills more than his stomach with a wonderfully pleasant feeling. Dean smiles down at his plate as Cas continues on across from him about the cooling system that would be required in the satellites.
A couple more cars and 10 more minutes go by, and Novak still hadn’t returned to his till where Dean can see him. It’s still as dead as anything, both drive thru lanes empty and silent.
He wasn’t even able to close the laptop when he finally got up from the table, the weight of Cas's hand on his shoulder still electronically immortalized on the screen.
“He knew that the Empty wanted Billie too, and Billie wanted him and me. But it can’t just pop onto Earth, right? Whatever bullshit cosmic rules it was that kept it away. But it can be summoned to Earth, so that’s all he needed to do.” Tears are falling freely from Dean’s face now. “We were in the dungeon, Death literally at the door, and Cas still found a way to be happy. God- can you guess how he did it, Sam? How he was able to feel pure, undiluted happiness? He did it by just
Cas uses his weight to pin Dean’s wrists down above his head and Dean feels like a jello slinky filled to the brim with hot water. Cas is going to kill him, he’s sure of it.
“As long as it doesn’t have anything to do with throwing a pie in someone’s face, I’m game,” Dean decided. It wouldn’t be the first time, and the cream was a
“If you say so, Dean.” Lisa smiles, placing said black (and therefore disgusting), iced coffee into the delivery bag. “Thank you for making it, despite your own ideologies on the science of McDonald’s iced coffee.”
Fucking ice cream and iced coffees. No matter what time of day or year it is, people always want them, and of course they’re the most aggravating to make.
After what Dean considers is a long enough time holding him to ensure that he’ll be able to continue on breathing when they stop hugging, Dean pulls back- not too far, though. Just enough so Dean can see Cas’s face again, but not any further.
Once they’re on their feet, Dean does have a few pressing questions. Like how they’re going to get out. “Cas? Uh, what’s the plan here? Last time I checked, I completely lost the entrance to the Empty we summoned. And even though things seem… lighter around you, I still can’t see more than a few meters away.”
to Cas. And yet, Dean somehow dragged Cas down from Heaven and forced him to walk amongst humans on Earth.
Charlie nods thoughtfully. “Yeah, I mean it doesn’t sound like you did anything wrong, but there is one thing you’re forgetting.”
I in fact have zero regrets about the songs I made Dean listen to and think about, as I have to endure them every time they play on my phone so he had to, too.
By the time Sam enters the bunker, he’s gone through everything but the bottle of whiskey that is still half-full, his crystal tumbler beside him empty of the amber liquid, save for a thin coating at the very bottom.
He finishes his farewell with a hearty clap on Novak’s shoulder before glancing up to what he would expect to be icy eyes and an unimpressed face, except this time Novak looks like he’s trying to be low key about recovering from a baseball bat to the chest, his eyes just a touch too wide and mouth hanging open more than a fraction.
He was even on the set for the scene that he knows is going to make some people scream. Jensen (who bears more than a little resemblance to Dean, surprisingly), had invited him to the filming of the confession, stating that he was going to need Dean for something. When he found his way to the filming location in the studio, Jensen immediately waved him over.
What he does do, however, is fail to notice the small bump where the two different types of tiled floor meet, his foot catching on it and his body falling forward.
His face is a picture of stony concentration- every flawless feature seemingly chiseled from marble- as he probably commits every single word spoken to memory. Dean doesn’t understand how he’s able to handle being in the same room as all these blowhards, never mind listening to them day in and day out.
Yeahhhhh, Dean probably shouldn’t have said that to a random person on the internet, but it’s not like he can delete the message after he’s sent it or anything.
Like getting making out with and getting a blow job from the guy you’ve been attracted to for two years, only for him to ghost you immediately after, wouldn’t upset anyone else.
Novak looks at the frozen discomfort etched on his face like it’s karma, and Dean can’t help but think he’s right.
fucking sorry for what I did to you.” Dean’s head falls forward, his body now in a position of prayer. “I don’t get it, man. Why’d you do it? It doesn’t make
After double checking to make sure no one else is coming out of the freezer, he goes inside, grabs a bag of table creamer, and carries it back to the drink station for drive thru.
“Yeah, that’s not going to work.” He pushes away from the drive thru till and walks up to where Novak is facing away from him and into the grill where the grill team seems to be struggling, to say the least. As great as the view of his ass is, Dean walks up beside him to stop and drop the headset right into the paper bag he’s holding open- probably for some food. “It’s now 8:00:38, which means I am no longer legally obligated to be here. So sorry, but have fun with all this, sweetheart. I’m outta here.”
“Ha! Actually you know what, it’s probably a combination of both. Ever since that time Jared responded to this random person on Twitter saying that his feelings were hurt, I’ve always tried to keep my distance. I am still a fan of his character Shawn, though…”
The water falling around him is painted red beneath his eyelids when he closes them against the falling water. He tells himself the shower is not a reassuring comfort- the soft warmth surrounding him is not a tentatively hopeful embrace shrouded around him that he doesn’t deserve.
Dean pulls away to start walking (read: dragging) Cas in the right direction back to his apartment, and Cas laughs, not unkindly, at his actions. He only lets Dean get a few steps before freeing his sleeve from Dean’s grasp and threading his fingers with Dean’s instead.
Dean doesn’t respond. His hand that is still held above the space bar quickly snaps down. Cas's hand is on his shoulder. He never lets the video go past this part.
Dean remembers making his way through the not insignificant size of the crowd of crew; palpable excitement in the air. Dean’s not an idiot- he knows that a lot more people than you’d expect working on the hit show Supernatural have been waiting a long time for a scene like this. 12 years of filming sexual tension between characters like Cazriel and Deacon that you could cut with a knife will do that to you, he supposed.
“Right, so as I was saying, we’re going to announce a prequel today. Hopefully I’ve hinted at it enough that people won’t be completely blindsided by the news… what, Dean? You know I see your look of disappointment, right?”
“We have quite a lot of drinks….” he trails off, hoping against hope that the customer miraculously figures out what they want. Greeted by silence on the headset, Dean mentally sighs and begins to list the options. “We have all our fountain drinks, iced coffees, fraps, coffees, smoothies, milkshakes, McCafe, slushies, milk, and juices.” Dean hates that he doesn’t even have to look at the screen to know all the options by heart.
“M’kay Cas.” Dean leans forward and presses a kiss into the top of his thigh. “I woulda been okay with that too, just so you know.”
Cas raises their joined hands and places a soft kiss on each of Dean’s knuckles, holding eye contact and gazing deep into his eyes. While the affection may be tender in nature- more tender than Dean’s had in a long while, if he’s being honest- the gleam in Cas’s eyes is anything but. He looks absolutely predatory.
