“It’s fine, Thor,” says Steve. “But we need to start training together. We have to think as a unit, so if communications ever go down again we can predict each other’s movements.”
“The usual.” Tony groans, extravagantly. Picking Ms Potts’ drink up again, he shoves a load of magazines and papers off the table and onto the floor with his toes, balanced on one foot with a drink held steady in each hand. It’s an impressive display of dexterity, if nothing else.
He keeps on talking, walking away as Steve carefully unties his boots – shoes are expensive; even with his new SHIELD fund, he can’t kick the little voice that tells him
“Okay,” Steve says again. He hesitates anyway, waiting for Tony to lift his head, waiting for the other shoe to drop, but nothing is forthcoming. Eventually Steve stands, giving Tony’s arm a quick squeeze as he passes by.
The flight stabilisers hum and flare into life and Iron Man shoots up into the sky. Steve has to shield his eyes to watch him fly away, in the bright sunlight.
There’s a pause before Yinsen slowly speaks. “No, I don’t think that will work. You have one, so you must make one. What’s done can’t be undone. We can’t go back.”
The boy stops fighting altogether and begins to loudly cry. He sits down on the floor of the study and daddy sinks down before him.
“No,” Tony says slowly. He’s fiddling with the circuitry in his arm, carefully detaching it and inching it out of place. “I’m human. I’m probably more human than you are, Mr. Serum. Turn that light on, would you? Thanks.”
“You sure did, buddy.” Tony pats him on the arm, turning back to the computer in his desk – Steve recognises the diagram that was just floating in the air, now turning slowly on the screen. Just like magic, he thinks again.
He catches it before it hits the ground, and turns it over. The spaceship car is only half-coloured, the hood as shiny and solid as if it were really metal, but the colour beyond that quickly fades away; all the free space around it has been filled with strings of numbers and letter. It’s like math, but no math Steve has ever seen.
be different, but if the guy without you wasn’t the kind of guy who’d choose the ice and the future over a smoking hole in the ground, then I’m glad I never met him. And if he
mouth and jerks his head towards the balcony door. Steve hesitates, rubs the back of his neck and glances at Jane.
“So, you’re a landscape guy, huh?” Tony says, frowning down at his blank piece of paper, the corners flapping in the breeze.
“Good evening, Captain Rogers,” says the computer man immediately, voice emitting from somewhere right in front of Steve. There must be a speaker behind the mirror. “I trust your shower was a pleasant one?”
In the morning, he finds his clean clothes stacked neatly outside the door, with a piece of grid paper folded on top. It reads, in messy handwriting, ‘one boy scout uniform, freshly laundered.’
Slowly, Obie releases his grip and pats Tony on the side of the face, chuckling again. He stands, straightens his cuffs and breathes out deeply.
“You did not tell us the great Tony Stark was a witch!” the man in charge exclaims, and when he snaps his fingers, two of his companions thrust the kneeling man’s head under the water.
His jaw clenching shut, he thrusts the piece of paper back at Tony, so Tony takes it. He folds it in half lengthways. Running his fingernails up and down the crease, he clears his throat.
He leans back in the dimmed light, rubbing his eyes. He can feel at his back the familiar thrum of the arc reactor through a foot and a half of metal and glass. Call it a vanity project. Call it one last bow for Howard Stark and his beautiful, impractical giant before Tony had the blueprints destroyed. The full-sized arc reactor sits underground, in the centre of the foundations, hidden from view with Tony’s private labs and workshops wrapped in a protective circle around it.
fire. His crappy repulsors kept exploding. Idiot was crying for help more than his hostages in the end. Fireballs everywhere.”
“Hey,” Clint says, “Hulk should balance it on his head, see if Cap can knock it off with his shield-”
“Sirs, there is a half a box of doughnuts in the living room work station, where Mr Stark left it, and Dr Foster requests use of the private elevator.”
“Oh, right, that – yes. No, it doesn’t matter. Floors get cleaned, right? I’m sure I pay people to do that. I was thinking of getting a new one anyway.” He pauses, eyeing Steve, then flaps his hands. “Christ, don’t give me that look. Take your boots off if it’ll make you feel better. One of the bots can clean them. They can fight for it. It’ll make their day-”
Steve glances back over his shoulder as the door closes. Tony is still standing where they left him, holding the shield up to the windows to examine it all the more closely, running his palm along the shield’s edge in the bright sunlight. Steve looks away again.
Howard remains frozen, remains absolutely frozen with his cigar still burning down to his fingers, until Maria grabs hold of his elbow and begins to cry.
“You have been nothing,” Obie says, moving around to stand in front of Tony, “but the giant, time-travelling albatross around my neck. Oh, come on, don’t look at me like that, kiddo.”
The wind becomes a roar. The light becomes a circle, then a ring, a hole in the universe – expanding, expanding, and rushing forwards to meet him.
Tony cackles - there’s no other word for it – with laughter, shaking his head and holding onto the edge of the bar to steady himself and looking so surprised by his own reaction that Steve feels his own lips twitch in response.
“Sure.” Tony takes the shield and holds it awkwardly, running his fingers along the rim. “I can do that.”
“I got stabbed a little,” she says, eventually, once he’s starting to shift uncomfortably from foot to damp foot. “They sent me home to rest and recuperate.”
“Gee willikers,” Tony murmurs. He straightens up as Bruce and Clint approach, and claps Bruce on the shoulder.
There’s the sound of a scuffle. Through the crack between doorframe and door, Tony sees daddy grab an older boy by the arm. The boy has no clothes on, and he shouts and struggles, hitting at daddy wildly with his fists.
“Just me,” he says, leaning down to fish it out from under the bed. He rolls it between his fingers.
At last, Pepper draws in a deep breath. Her voice is stilted when she begins to speak again, when she says, “I understand why you’re doing this. I understand why this is all so important to you. That – that’s all I wanted to say.”
Rolling his eyes, Steve turns back to his drawing. He plucks the orange crayon out of the bed linen and says, over his shoulder, “Well, wearing a whole suit of armour is dumb if you aren’t a knight. Perhaps you should wear chainmail instead.”
There’s a pause. Tony shifts back and forth on his feet, looking around at the mess left in the portal’s wake. His gaze finally settles on the robot with the camera, which had somehow managed to stay upright in the chaos, and Tony stands and stares at it.
Tony jumps, first genuinely and then exaggeratedly, turning to her with his mouth open in mock-surprise as he raps his knuckles again his chest, against – with a muffled knocking sound – his arc reactor. “You! I forgot
He swallows again, thickly, pushing the heartbeat back down from where it’s sticking in the back of his throat. He lets go of Tony’s wrist and stands, turning to the window and staring out over the ghost of the city while he peels off his jacket and overshirt, leaving them both draped over the footboard. Moving back around to the other side of the bed, he sits down on the edge of it, then swings his feet up onto the mattress.
“So stop me, Mr Super Soldier,” Tony says and he waits, with a bright, angry light in his eyes as he stares up at Steve, and Steve –
“Whilst it’s true that I have very rigorous security protocols, Agent Barton, I assure you none of them are necessarily intended to kill.”
Tony sighs, leaning back in his chair. He crosses his arms behind his head and crosses his legs at the ankles, smirking with a twist of irony. “Your world isn’t perfect. Guess what, neither is mine. Your world, people are starting to distrust superheroes and metahumans. My world, superheroes, metas – they haven’t had that trust for a very long time. If ever.
Then he stops smiling. There’s a flicker of movement at the bottom of the camera and a flash of metal. A dark shape creeping forwards. A gun.
“In retrospect, I should probably aim away from doors,” Clint Barton calls from the other end of the workshop, lowering his bow.
Tony stares up at him, then sighs and throws his hands up. “Jesus, all right. What, did they give you the super soldier serum just to stop you badgering them? Arm,” he adds pointedly.
Daddy hisses, “Quiet. Be quiet, you’ll wake Tony. You know he hasn’t started yet, you’ll scare him-” gripping the boy tightly by the shoulders.
What it takes, it turns out, is two more throws of the shield, at which point the communicator as good as explodes out of the Hulk’s hand, parts flying everywhere amid the smell of burning. The Hulk roars – really, really roars, leaving Steve’s ears ringing, and he stamps on every last little piece of the communicator he can find until the floor shakes.
“Minimises the risk of hacking,” she tells him, pointedly. “These are non-disclosure agreements. Everyone needs to sign before we can proceed. Some of you know state secrets. Some of you,” she adds, frowning at Bruce, “practically
Steve lets out his breath. Tony’s arm is warm – and deceptively muscular, but Steve’s hand can still wrap practically all the way around it, and this close Tony has to tilt his head back to look up at him, eyes hooded, gaze unreadable. When Steve lets go and takes a step back, Tony steps forward, filling the space Steve puts between them. There is an intensity to his gaze that Steve can’t decipher.
“Jesus,” Tony says, eyes snapping open. “I can feel myself aging here. Bruce, what’s your favourite colour?”
“Nothing. Sorry, Pep, can I – I’m losing sensation in my fingers here.” He gently pries her hand away from its grip around his wrist. “No aliens, I promise. Unless they’ve developed highly advanced camouflage. And I guess Thor’s humanoid, so...”
He smoothes the map down again, ignoring the quiet sounds of Tony and Pepper’s voices fading away, and he says, “Show me again where you heard the rumours.”
As he takes aim, Steve is already starting forwards with a shout, ready to pull the gun out of Tony’s hands, when Tony himself pauses. Steve grabs hold of his elbow before he can stop himself, and Tony cocks his head to the side, smirking up at him. He lowers the gun again.
“Oh boy, she’s a funny lady when you get to know her.” Steve chuckles at the memory, ducking his head down. The tips of his ears, turning pink.
“Iron Man, go at the front, keep our path clear-” He sees Tony nod as the faceplate slides back down, and Iron Man shoots up into the air. “Hawkeye, get them on their feet, get them in line. Single file. We’re going on the sidewalk, so I want you between them and the road at all times. If any of you fellas try to make a break for it,” he adds, pointing a finger at the bank robbers as Clint hustles them to their feet, “the Hulk
He sets the other Tony down on his old bed in his old bedroom and he kneels down in front of him. The other Tony reaches out automatically to touch the arc reactor glowing through his shirt.
“Dunno how people live like this,” he mutters, before he sighs and lowers his pen and says, “But what?”
Barton nods and strides away to take his post, while Romanoff crosses her arms and quietly waits. Tony jerks his thumb at the door to their impromptu dressing room.
Steve’s lips twitch. He hesitates, and then sticks his foot between the elevator doors to keep them from closing. Folding his arms, he leans against the edge of the door and he says, slowly, “I think this is a good idea. I don’t think we’re crazy.”
“Prepped and cocked and full of gunpowder,” Tony says, smirking. He throws his arms open. “Just waiting for the trigger.”
Tony looks unrepentant, already walking away. With a sigh, Steve follows him – up the stairs and up to the third floor, into the same corridor Steve walked down before, where Tony pauses.
“You’re really suggesting we put our surveillance system in the hands of the other guy’s competence with a frisbee?”
Straightening his left cuff with his teeth, Tony lifts his eyes to watch as the connection with the arc reactor is forged and the right cufflink tentatively begins to glow.
“I’m thinking about it,” Steve says, because there’s no sense in denying it. He can’t deny how good it had felt to be back on a mission again, either. “But it’s still something the whole team needs to discuss. I’m not going over anyone’s heads with this.”
Steve stares at him. Tony’s eyes are shining and his face is too, too pale in the moonlight. There’s a streak of nanite fluid on his cheek, glittering strangely.
“It’s okay, Steve.” Tony jams a key into the wall of rock and twists it. “They already think they’ve won.”
“Waiting for her to – pass on,” Steve continues, his voice sounding alien to his own ears. “That would have been worse, right? Even if I could have...”
Tony – a second to catch up, his eyes drifting unseeing across the face of the manor. Steve feels the moment when Tony realises, when his arm stiffens under Steve’s finger and his jaw clenches.
Thor looks down and looks surprised – Steve biting the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at the property damage – to see the whole door in his hands. He props it up against the front of the microwave.
“Hey,” Tony says as Steve steps back and the elevator doors slide shut. “Wanna come see my super secret basement labs? I promised you a tour someday.”
Tony raises his hand and, after a second of quiet hesitation, places it on Steve’s shoulder. Steve closes his eyes, focusing on the sensation of simply being touched. It seems like forever since he last felt it. Sharon’s face rises in his mind unbidden, her lips moving soundlessly over him. The courthouse steps beneath him. The blood pulsing out of him.
Steve swings off his bike and follows the doorman up the steps. At ground level, the tower is a little less ostentatious: the steps are a deep, dark grey and the doors are a deeper, darker black, door handles in the shape of the Stark logo the only indication of the tower’s namesake. The doorman pulls the door open for him with a small bow.
As if in answer, somehow, the monitors ripple and one image spreads, rolling out from the top left again, until the same view is showing on every screen. The message is clear, obvious.
The basement workshop is absolutely pitch black and silent, but as they step inside the first set of lights click on and hum over their heads, triggering the next set and then the next in a domino effect all the way down to the far side. With the Hulk inside, the workshop had seemed merely big; without, the place is cavernous.
Tony drums his fingers on the side of the railing. “You could move back to SHIELD. I’ve seen their accommodation. It’s, you know, it’s bearable. If you like Spartan. Do you like Spartan?”
He tosses what looks like a thick, brown envelope into the microwave, smacks the door shut and jabs a few buttons on the side. As the machine begins to hum and the popcorn packet begins to spin, Steve drags a stool up next to Thor and sits down to watch. He has a microwave in his apartment; he’d read the manual thoroughly and pressed all the buttons, and marvelled at how soon after his time it was invented, and then never really touched the darn thing again.
“I’ve got a prototype,” Tony says. “I’ll need you. Don’t wanna mess with the arc reactor until I’m sure it’s gonna work, so today buttons need pushing.”
. Which means,” Tony declares, easing himself out of Steve’s grip and clapping his hands together, all sarcastic cheer again, “we need to find somewhere safe to hide until they’re done ripping apart my basement.”
, it’s stronger.” Steve reaches over Tony and gives the crumpled edge of the dent a tug but even he can’t budge it. “Even Loki couldn’t have done this.”
Steve quickly closes his eyes. Ever since it registered to him, in his teens, that Tony probably was a real person disappearing into thin air, he hasn’t been able to stand to watch it. But he can feel the air shift. He can hear, or maybe just imagines he can hear, the faintest pop when Tony goes.
Already heading for the elevator, Bruce waves vaguely over his shoulder, but Steve lingers. He fiddles with the bag strap over his shoulder. It feels as if all he has done since he came out of the ice is move from point to point. The urge to stand still is sudden and overwhelming.
“Houston, we have lift off,” says Tony, in his ear. His voice has a metallic quality that must be from the suit, but it’s still as clear and as close as if he were talking to Steve through a tin can on a bit of string.
“I’ve found that people rarely do,” Yinsen says, looking up and meeting Tony’s eyes; he doesn’t look surprised, but then even death came as no surprise to Yinsen. He nods infinitesimally and Tony digs his fingers into the wall.
“Well – she’s fine. She’s gotten a cough, is all, because of the damp. But she’s fine. Doctor Harris says it’s nothing.”
“My point,” he y says, “is that right now the Avengers are riding the public opinion high. We, lady and gentlemen, are
Billy steps forward. “There was a fight, but you missed it. Um. Captain America saved us and…” He trails off, bewildered, as Tony sinks down onto the ground. “Are you okay?”
“I... haven’t, yet. What? Even easy things take effort, sometimes. I’m an engineer, not a wizard. I don’t conjure, I
Steve hesitates, which is apparently enough of an answer for Tony; he smirks and thrusts a pair of goggles into Steve’s chest, letting go so Steve has no choice but to catch them or let them drop. He catches them.
He follows JARVIS’ directions and then, once he’s reached the top of the corridor, just follows the noises: the sound of small explosions; the sound of booming laughter that Steve’s pretty sure he recognises. He’s not surprised, when he pushes open the kitchen door, to find Thor bent over something Tony is showing him, laughing raucously over a noise like the rattle of gunfire.
At Tony’s wordless nod, Steve groans and rests his forehead on his forearm, up against the wall. He’s aware, peripherally, of Tony pacing back and forth behind him. Steve closes his eyes and breathes out slowly.
“Yes, um.” Glancing around, Bruce draws Steve to one side, lowers his voice and leans in closer. “I was in Chile last week. I’ve actually been following a lead on a group trying to recreate... well,
“So that’s...” The weight against Tony’s shoulder blades shifts and the chair rocks as Steve leans forwards for a closer look. “That’s it? What you’ve been looking for?”
He puts the glass down and jumps to his feet, clapping his hands together. “Where are you staying, anyway? When you’re not crashing parties in my penthouse, I mean?”
He tugs his sweatshirt off over his head and holds it out to Bruce. He’s got his undershirt on beneath it, but it rides up and someone wolf-whistles. A kid shouts, “Where’s your shield, Cap?”
He thumbs through the agreement, scanning the legal mumbo jumbo for anything interesting and finding very little. With a yawn, he drops the document onto the table and looks around. Steve has already finished reading and has signed his copy too; he wordlessly passes Tony his pen. The others only have a few pages left to go, except Thor, who keeps flicking back and forth between pages and chuckling to himself with his chin in his hand.
The chorus girls dance and sing, and Howard Stark lifts up his goggles to address the crowd, and Steve goes cold again. Despite what Tony told him -
“Aye, take your leave freely. We are all guests in Tony’s dwelling. Except Tony, of course,” Thor adds. “And our host has spoken wisely! Jane and I shall make our quest together in the morning, as we shall surely make many quests together when she is Queen of my realm.”
“Did you invite the whole street along?” Tony says, lifting the faceplate to peer incredulously down at him. “Are we gonna have a parade?”
“I left my clothes behind. Not on purpose,” the man quickly adds. “I didn’t leave my clothes behind on purpose. I’m not a flasher. Uh – Steve?”
“We have a winner. 90% of the answers to those questions are ‘big, scary, faceless organisation with an invisible flying machine and a leather fetish.’ That will go down
“Dr Banner continues to make his way north through Peru, coordinates...” JARVIS pauses for only a second. “Coordinates -6.768528,-79.782393. He appears to have become aware of your tracker, sir, and sends his salutations.”
He twists around as best he can, nudging Steve’s chest with his shoulders, until he can see Steve’s face out of the corner of his eye. Steve kisses his cheekbone.
“This is a good idea, right?” Tony says. “We’re not totally crazy. Someone would have noticed by now, if we were having a six person psychotic break.”
He belatedly pulls his hand out of Steve’s grasp and rubs his face. He stares down at his shoes for a long moment, until Steve is about ready to check he’s still conscious; and that’s when Tony looks up again. His gaze skips past Steve’s face, out of the alley and into the streets.
Tony picks the gun up with his makeshift mittens and lifts it up close to his face. He squints at it from all angles, turning it over and over, running his fingers along every component and weighing it in his hands.
“Well, surreal is the story of my life,” Tony says, fastening his watch. He flexes his fingers again, rotates his shoulders, his wrists. He feels electric. “What year was that, again?”
“If the Sentry’s watching, someone could be coming for us already. Unless you’re trying to stage some kind of stupid, underprepared government infiltration, we have to move.”
“You’re right,” he says, and Tony snorts. “I’ve done reckless things. I’ve fought alone when I should’ve waited for back up, and I can’t say I regret any of it, and I don’t want to argue about it with you.”
“Yes.” Hill draws the syllable out. She hesitates, taps her fingers on the cover of a folder and continues, slowly, “I’ve reassessed my opinion.”
Steve sighs. “I already had. I’ve seen what those – ‘gossip sites’ are like, these days. They’ve probably found out where I live already. It’s under a false name, but I haven’t exactly been
Tony grins wide enough that there’s a flash of bright, white teeth and then he waves a hand and disappears through the door. It stays swinging open on its hinges for a long while after, until Steve crosses the room and pushes it shut. He stands a moment, staring down at himself, before grabbing a fistful of towel and tugging until the safety pin comes free with a ping, the metal bent all out of shape.
“The black widow is a kind of spider,” Romanoff explains. “Genus Latrodectus. The female is famous for cannibalising its sexual partners after mating with them. Highly venomous. I’ve never eaten anyone,” she adds, patting Thor on the knee. “I like apple strudel.”
“I offered my team rooms here,” Tony says. “But they turned me down. We were trying to keep things professional.”
“You’re playing in the big league now. Don’t screw it up.” Fury turns and strides away down the corridor, long coat flapping out behind him, pausing mid-step to throw back over his shoulder, “I scratch your back, you scratch mine.”
“Second drawer down,” Tony says, parking and climbing out. He looks back at the empty space the Cobra had occupied. The other Tony pushes the pliers into his hand. “Thanks. And the-?”
Clint backs up, lifting his hands. “Or don’t, it’s cool. I respect your choices. The choice to not put things on your head is – is totally valid.”
“We’ll always have Paris,” he says. He blows her a kiss and Romanoff rolls her eyes, her lips twitching.
“Okay,” Steve says, dropping the cookies and marshmallows into his basket too. He carefully juggles communicator and shopping basket to tick cereal off his shopping list, as he moves on to the next aisle. He pauses. “Wow, there sure are a lot of different kinds of milk.”
Tony is not a tall man, but he’s still taller than Steve, so Steve has to reach up a hand, has to close his fingers on the back of Tony’s neck and pull him down to Steve’s level. He kisses him quickly, sharply. His lips are dry, his hand is shaking. He feels Tony’s fingers brush against his jaw.
Grabbing the towel from her, Tony leans across and kisses Ms Potts on the lips. He gets – Steve looks away resolutely, tugging his remaining towels closer together over his bare shoulder – a bit handsy. When he draws back again, she’s rolling her eyes but smiling.
“Come on,” Tony says at last, snapping the lid shut. “It’s time to break Thor and Jane up before they actually fuck on my rug.”
The group he points to just stare at each other, and then at him, in shock, until Steve motions to his chest and adds, “You’ve got the logo on your... Look, we need to get this tidied up, and I figure you’ve got more authority than me to handle this.”
fail. You know it, I know it. SHIELD is exposed, we get dragged down with you. Or the Avengers lose favour, and you and all your leather accessories get dragged down with
Steve glances sideways at him, his eyebrows raised, but then he nods and smiles grimly and says, “Good. Widow?”
Thor nods, his expression losing some of its gravity again as he sits up straight. “Aye. I must say farewell to Jane first-”
, cradling the Iron Man helmet in his hands and heaving with the violence of his tears, and he’s whispering in a voice so tiny Steve has to lean in close to hear it, over and over again –
“Remember, try to be careful,” she murmurs, smoothing the collar down and moving on to straighten his tie. “Don’t do anything reckless or... get in arguments with reporters, or give anyone any kind of ammunition against the business or your team, or-”
“If there’s one thing Captain America needs, it’s a shield. Maybe one day we can go back to the ice and find it, but at the time it didn’t seem as important as getting you the hell out of there. I can’t recreate the vibranium-iron alloy – well,” Tony pauses, coming around the desk and back into Steve’s sight. He’s brandishing a tailor’s tape measure. “Given enough time, maybe I could. But we don’t have that kind of time, so it’s going to have be a whole new shield. Which arm’s your throwing arm?”
“-and my cell wouldn’t turn on, so I couldn’t call you. Nobody could check the news and they wouldn’t let us back up upstairs.”
- still hanging in Tony’s hands, then up at the hole in the wall. “What the heck were you doing just now?”
Steve chuckles. His gaze tracks the length of Tony’s arm, hand, fingers, until he too is staring out at the horizon. The city skyline, drenched in gold.
“Not like anything I’ve ever seen,” Clint says, shaking his head. “It doesn’t look like typical HYDRA tech either. This is pretty weird. Don’t they like showing off? You’d think they’d want something that people can stand to look at for longer than five seconds.”
Tony’s voice is toneless. Steve turns to find him sitting on the torn-apart remains of a desk chair, his hands resting loosely on his knees. There’s a blank kind of look in his eyes.
“You know, you’re not nearly as funny as you think you are,” Steve says. He picks up a bottle of 2% and examines it closely, while Tony splutters with laughter in his ear. “I couldn’t drink milk before, so I never paid much close attention. It made me sick.”
“Well, she’s coming to meet with us in an hour,” Steve says, “which gives us a little time to prepare... Bruce has done all he can and we’re still none the wiser. I think it’s time we shared our intel with SHIELD.”
His expression is distant, as though he’s talking to himself, but when Steve doesn’t respond he turns and prods him in the chest and says, “Well?”
“Well, it’s a cross we’ve all gotta bear.” Barton stands, stretching extravagantly and says, around a yawn, “Good work, team. It’s been real. I’m going now.”
Lifting his shades up to get a better look at the dent in the railing, Tony says, “Tell them to add the damage to my tab.”
Steve has to duck under some awning, and dodge a group of slow-moving tourists, and there are skyscrapers constantly blocking his view in every direction. When he looks up again, he can’t see Tony. He walks on.
Tony isn’t the kind of guy who stands and watches until a motorcycle has disappeared into the distance. Instead, he turns and strolls to his workshop door, high-fiving the panel to open it. The sound of the motorcycle fades into the sound of all distant traffic. The door opens.
Steve presses a button at random and the screens all flick to new views, a mishmash of random shots of Manhattan, before they change obstinately back.
Romanoff tilts her head in contemplation, dipping her spoon back into the bowl to chase the final dregs of milk and cereal. Metal scrapes against china.
“Doesn’t take a Stark level IQ to work it out,” Steve says easily, playing along despite himself. Tony hadn’t slept at all.
Tony just raises an eyebrow, the yeah right visible on his face, but then he shrugs and motions with a hand for Steve to follow him – out of the cave and up into the great unknown.
The radio cuts out, but he keeps on smiling down at it. They’re not alone. Tony doesn’t have to be alone. Maybe Steve can help fix this New York and then go home and fix his own. He can tell Stark
Steve chokes and starts to cough, dropping his ice cream. He presses his fingers over his mouth and stares until Tony glances up at him.
the kind of guy to choose it, then he would’ve wound up here, anyway. If that is not having a chance or choice then, well, I’m glad.”
as two separate cities it’s hard not to sometimes muddle the two, but he’s always had a good sense of direction.
Steve drops down next to him and pulls on Tony’s wrist. Tony surrenders easily, turning his hand palm upwards. Steve winces.
They stare at each other, frozen. Tony is still deciding whether to run back to bed or to shout for his mother, when through the door daddy says, “
Steve sighs. He glances at the window into the living room, then back at Tony again. Tony, frosting in his goatee, raises his eyebrows at him.
There are no obvious tourists, he realises as they walk – as they amble, in no hurry, no siree – back to the manor. Maybe no tourists at all. Whatever this city is now, it’s not a place people want to go to for fun. He looks around, at all the faces passing by. They’re here because they need to be.
“You know that’s okay now, right?” he says, folding the top corners in towards the centre. “Because Captain America’s kind of a gay icon these days – tight pants, bright colours, all those muscles; it had to happen – so if you need to have an old timey freak-out, do it quick.”
There’s an incredible groaning creak, as if stone were sliding against stone – which, Steve realises as a portion of the rock face opens up before them, it is. He follows Tony through the doorway, only to walk into Tony’s suddenly rigid back when Tony stops in front of him. Steve hears him suck in a sharp breath.
There’s something packed into his lungs and in his eyes, so that when he tries to shout his mouth won’t open and when he tries to blink his eyelids drag, heavy and unwilling; there is a sliver of light between his lashes, too bright to stand – everything loud and shaking – air raid? Steve thinks, and then
“No, sorry, I’m just- Although it would help if you weren’t so abrasive sometimes.” Steve sighs. He stands, pinches the bridge of his nose and tries again. “Sorry. Not my place to tell anyone what to do out of uniform, least of all my friends. Shouldn’t we go say hi?”
“The usual freak of nature stuff,” Tony says. He closes his eyes. “They want me to carry bombs with me. Can’t be done. I told them – I – They don’t know it’s time travel, but they know I’m going
“You did a number on yourself here, buddy,” Tony says, lifting up Steve’s hand. His grip is delicate despite the leather gloves. “Hold on.”
“Okay,” Steve says. He lays his hand on Tony’s arm, tugging him so they’re both facing the wall of surveillance. “I’m sorry. But if you’re not fighting in your own way, then why do you have a camera on every street corner? That seems one awful lot like vigilantism to me.”
“Well, would you look at that?” the dream man says, and then he looks down at Steve and begins to laugh, until Steve, feverish and offended, begins to cry.
The Hulk, Steve swears, actually rolls his eyes at that and he lifts the communicator up higher pointedly, glaring at Steve.
” he snarls, sitting up – or trying to, but his arms won’t hold and his head is heavier than it ought to be. He slumps back against the thin mattress, but he remembers now. The manacles, the shot, and then the choking pain that spread through his stomach and Sharon, Sharon’s face. And the noise, and the cold, and the bright, white light.
“Well, we’ve got a couple hours to kill before Thor and Bruce get here,” Tony says as he chews. “Who’s up for a game of twister? Poker?
“What’s the problem?” he asks. “It’s going to happen. It’s already happened, right? So if it’s when I go next then it’s... when I go next. Right?”
Tony says, “It wasn’t worth it”, and then someone is screaming and Steve wakes up. He jerks upright, blinking in the dim light and rubbing at his eyes. A character on screen is dying violently, but it feels very far away. A part of Steve is still in that other room, watching Tony cry.
He feels bad about it as soon as he’s done it. Steve carefully undoes the rest of the safety pins, leaving them in a pile on the nightstand, and he folds the towels on the armchair.
There’s some horror B-movie playing in the late night screening at Steve’s favourite crummy movie theatre. Tony had twitchily insisted they went in and bought their tickets separately, so the place is deserted when Steve ambles inside. Ticket purchased – and a cheerful story told about how his girlfriend was coming later, had picked the film, she was the one who liked these scary movies, not him – he grabs a Sprite and a handful of paper napkins before making his way to the screen. There’s a few other people inside, but Tony is easy to spot – he’s sitting at the end of an aisle, as if he just fallen into the first seat he saw. He’s holding himself very still.
“It’s funny, we just thought he was a civil servant, but then all of a sudden he died and all sorts came to his funeral.  The things you learn after they’ve gone, right? Someone from Stark Industries offered jobs to the whole family.” Mr Coulson chuckles a little, ruefully, and shakes his head. “My daughter’s working in the Miami factory now, straight out of college.”
“You’re telling me,” Tony says absently, swiping a section of casing away from the Bastard 001 schematics to peer at its holographic innards. He taps a few notes into his keyboard and taps the end of the stylus against his chin. He mutters, “Maybe we should just throw them, like frisbees.”
Tony thrusts it at Steve and lets go. Steve catches it automatically. He turns it over and over in his hands, grinning as he presses his thumb to the corner and watches the blank screen come to life again.
“And Osborne thinks he can extract meta DNA and, what, synthesise a superpower from it? Is that even possible?”
. Bad. Rhodey took over for a couple years, but he was risking his real career and he couldn’t keep that up. So there’s no Iron Man, there’s no Avengers, there’s nothing.”
“Guys, I’ve got to head back to the tower,” Tony says. Or Iron Man says it, really, the faceplate down, the voice robotic. “Have another ice cream on me. Hell, go to Le Bernadin, they know me there, they’ll even let Mr Flip Flops in if you tell them I sent you. Cap, try the red snapper, it’s great.”
He crams his hands deep into his pockets, staying put. He knows he’s too damn short to search for Bucky in a crowd like this, and here is where they last saw each other; the least he can do is make it easier for Bucky to search for
Then he snorts, shaking his head. “Which makes sense, as you never even told me about SHIELD anyway. Close it up again, JARVIS.”
“There’s no time to explain, Yinsen, just trust me. I’m a trustworthy guy, this is my trustworthy face, I’ll – he’ll explain it all to you later. Just put this in now, before I...”
“I would not think it so,” Thor says. “But there is a lot of Loki I thought not possible. Perhaps when this new device is in my hands, I will feel his presence about it. Though I hope it will not be so.”
“But once they’d stopped shouting and, you know, questioning their sobriety, they realised they’d got a bomb-building, genius, freak of honest to god nature on their hands. It’s like terrorist Christmas out there. I’m pretty sure I saw some dancing. Dancing was – definitely a feature.”
Tony points a finger at him. “That’s what I said. Repeatedly. You’d think you wouldn’t be able to set a mailbox on fire in this weather, but this guy proved everyone wrong. He’d deserve a Nobel prize if he wasn’t such an idiot.”
Tony looks up at Steve, smirking. “Well, come on, Captain. Have you got what it takes to break the damn thing?”
Steve frowns, moving closer to the microwave and trying to peer into the little window around Thor’s bulk. He has a microwave, but he’s never heard one make noises like this before. “You told me to come by in a couple weeks, so here I am.”
Tony looks around at Loki, who is watching them intently, and at Black Widow, who turns her head away. He grabs Steve’s arm again.
Tony pats the gas tank and steps back, throwing Steve a messy salute while he starts the engine. The bike growls, purrs, rumbles into life like a mountain lion. Steve nods at him before he drives away.
Sofia beams at him brightly. She slips back out the door to ready the press, looking about the happiest Tony has ever seen her. He watches Thor heave Bruce to his feet one-handed, Barton clapping Bruce on the shoulder and saying, “Picture them naked and crying, man,” and then he turns and nudges Steve in the side.
The questions speed by quickly, as cheerful and optimistic as Romanoff had predicted; she smiles prettily and cracks jokes the whole while, somehow avoiding any discussion about her shadowy past or still pretty damn shadowy present. They talk about exciting new possibilities and humanity’s rapidly expanding knowledge of the universe, and Tony assures SI stockholders that being a bona fide superhero won’t detract from his work for the company.
He steps into the room. The door shuts behind him, and for one brief moment Steve’s at a loss, until he hears faint noises coming through the giant door before him. If the metal’s as thick as he thinks it is, then the noises must be very loud indeed, and that sounds like Tony Stark.
They buy Steve a few fresh changes of clothes and then they grab some lunch, acting all the while like they’re old colleagues playing catch-up in the big city. It feels like they’re on a mission, which steadies Steve, in a way. He’s doing reconnaissance on an alien world that just happens to look like his home town, and if the loudness and heady rush of it all seems no different from usual, it’s just a cunning subterfuge. There is something hidden beneath the surface, and Steve knows it.
“Agent Barton’s a highly trained professional,” he says, more for his own benefit than anything else, but Tony lowers his pen and frowns at the door as well.
“It’s the American dream. JARVIS, hold all current projects, keep the homefires burning, try not to pine for us while we’re gone.”
There’s a moment of perfect silence, as he lets his breath out again and his shield cuts through the air. It’s swiftly followed by an almighty racket: the shield hits the communicator and both go flying; the Hulk roaring; communicator rattling across the floor; shield ricocheting off the wall, off the ceiling, off the floor, until it slides to a halt at Steve’s feet.
“Wait,” daddy’s saying, “dammit, wait,” reaching back for the other boy with one hand and reaching forwards for Tony with the other.
“Damn,” he says. He lets his hand drop. “Still, at least now we know what we’ve got to look forward to. If you can really make the arc reactor viable, Tony, there’ll be no stopping the company.”
He turns left in the antechamber, to the door that is so small and innocuous compared to the heavy steel of the Hulk playground-cum-test chamber. He dials in a quick code and, when the door unlocks with a click, steps through into the small, white room. There’s nothing inside it but a smooth, black panel on the wall opposite. He presses a hand to it, and then leans forward for the retinal scan. After a few seconds, the black ripples and fades into a solid field of green.
“I wasn’t going to say that,” Steve tells her, flushing. “Impressive. It’s impressive. What of? I mean, what are you a doctor of?”
“Shh,” Steve breathes, shaking his head minutely and staring straight ahead at Thor. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Natasha turn to look at them.
When Maria is eight months pregnant and Howard is smoking an after dinner cigar, a man crashes through their dinner table, naked and wet and shivering. Maria shrieks and knocks her chair over, and a maid comes running and begins to scream too, but Howard—
As ever, many thanks to everyone on tumblr who helped answer all my occasionally rather stupid questions about New York/American Things/Stuff (especially elizardbits, my Hulkspiration.)
Tony tosses him a grin over his shoulder, all teeth, as he pushes the door open and disappears inside. “Me and my phallic symbol are extremely happy together. JARVIS, lights, 60%. There’s, uh – there’s probably a light switch somewhere, if you wanna do things the old fashioned way.”
Tony glances up. Steve is still standing there, halfway between when Tony appeared and where he now stands. His frown is fading away, lost in thought.
Nodding, Steve lets him take the red pencil. He watches while Tony lightly shades in the front – Steve assumes – of the car, his hand moving impossibly fast compared to Steve’s own careful, meticulous colouring.  The blanket he’s wearing catches on his wires every time he moves.
He keeps his eyes closed for a moment longer, until down on the street Tony rests his elbow on the buzzer and lets it ring, and ring, and ring.
Bruce refolds his shirt and zips his bag back up, shouldering it. He squeezes Tony’s arm. “I’ll see you in a couple weeks, Tony.”
The man’s eyes are dark and frightened. With one hand reaching out towards them, he disappears again.
And then he stops, opening and shutting his mouth. Steve stares up at him and then, when Tony shakes his head and glances away, he tilts his head back further and stares up at Antarctica. He can see right through the globe to the Arctic and past that the night sky.
It’s already growing dark when Tony makes a quick trip to the tower with a grocery list of equipment. He grabs some pizza on the way back. Sitting on the floor with his laptop on his knees, he writes a program to scan the hotel’s security footage, interior and exterior, for any physical matches of their man since the day the press conference was announced. Under Barton’s direction, a SHIELD clean-up crew pick tiny fragments of debris out of the carpet with tweezers. A SHIELD doctor calls them partway through the night, to report that they’ve put John Doe through every scan and test they have got and found nothing except a slightly elevated temperature.
She tilts her head towards him, smiling with one corner of her mouth. Looking at him out of the corner of one eye, she says,
Treading softly, Steve moves into the room. He eases his bag off his shoulder and onto the floor, and he switches on a bedside lamp. In the dim wash of yellow light, Tony comes back to life again.
They look at each other for a moment, Tony’s face unreadable. Tony looks away first, his attention returning to the bundle in his hands. He flips back a corner of the sweatshirts; there’s a flash of gunmetal grey before he inhales sharply, quickly covering it up again and dropping it back onto the desktop.  He stares down at the bundle as if it might explode and he’s looking forward to the view when it happens.
Tony grins toothily and drains his glass, the precipice if not forgotten then at least untouched. Left alone, for now. There are some things best avoided on what is essentially the second, maybe third time they’ve met. Steve allows himself a sigh of relief, drifting over to the nearest wall of windows. From up here, the city’s almost the same.
like how people dance today. That’s, um. Very different. People are different now. I think – that’s the biggest change. Cars still have wheels, sure, and nobody lives on the moon, but people...”
Thor sighs again, sonorously. Helping himself to another handful of popcorn, he turns his head and stares out the window. From this high up, the view is mainly sky, and clouds, and the beginnings of a hazy golden sunset. Somewhere out there, past the sunset and the stars, must be Thor’s home.
He stands, kicking his stool away and wandering over to the cupboards, while Natasha picks up her cereal again and Clint stares uncertainly up at the ceiling.
It’s a normal sight for him, since the Chitauri invasion and the extremely public return of Captain America. At the time, he would have been perfectly content to just give out his address to any gal or fella who wanted to take the time to write him, but Fury had loudly say no to that. His apartment is a secret, leased with a false name, and all Steve’s mail goes through SHIELD to be checked and checked again before he ever sets eyes on it.
to drink,” she says, voice catching. “And now I am... going to bed. Steve, it was nice meeting you at last.”
Steve is seven, kicking a pebble down the alley and pretending it’s a soccer ball and he can run as fast as anyone, when a naked man falls into the trashcans. It’s definitely not a dream this time.
He claps his hands, striding forwards. Light floods into the workshop. The metal shutters roll up from the display of Iron Man suits that lines the outer edge of the great, curving room. A hologram of his latest Mark VIII schematics floats down to hang over his workbench, rotating slowly and enticingly. Tony swats that away too.
“When five new people moved into your tower,” Pepper says, “and I updated the grocery delivery schedule.”
“Uh.” Steve glances down at himself. He’s only wearing a simple button down, but he likes it. “Tony only said to bring my shield.”
Steve smiles, spinning the hologram in a slow circle. Through the other side of it, Tony grins at him, blue light shifting and dancing all across his face. He lifts a hand and pulls a couple sections away from Steve and towards himself, separating parts with practiced flicks of his fingers and making them spin.
Steve looks around at Tony, and Tony looks back at him. A whole load of mixed-up emotions flash across his face, too fast for Steve to read them, as if he hadn’t known until he’d opened his mouth just what it was he had to tell. Then he nods sharply, once, and clenches his jaw in resolution.
Steve obliges, pressing down carefully on a loose wire. “Either. Mine’s…” He pauses, the memory twisting in his gut. “Mine’s on your side.”
There’s a ping and the door slides open. Beyond the elevator lies more grey stone floor and sandy-coloured walls, everything lit up with bright sunlight through a wall of floor-to-ceiling windows. It doesn’t look much like a home; or at least, not the kind of home Steve used to know.
“Enough,” Tony says as soon as his feet unsteadily hit the ground. He grabs a bunch of wires and tugs. “Enough science, okay? It’s sunny, birds are probably singing somewhere. Let’s get out of here. Pick somewhere to go. I mean it, I’m giving you free rein here.”
Later, he watches Pepper touch a hand to the battered edge of the helmet. She sucks in a sharp breath.
“He’s down in his lab with the others,” she says before Steve can ask, and then, huffing out a breath and shaking her head, brushing her hair out of her eyes, she says, “Sorry. Hello, Steve. It’s good to see you again. Bureaucracy makes me rude.”
“Honey, I’m home. Honeys,” he amends, looking up to take in the sight of Steve, Natasha and Ms Potts staring over the top of the couch at him. He doesn’t look surprised to see Natasha, but he raises an eyebrow at Steve. “What’s this? You’re having a toga party with Sleeping Beauty and you didn’t invite me?”
As if to prove his point, Clint fires his arrow at the Hulk. It’s just a basic arrowhead and it bounces off the Hulk as uselessly as if it were made of cotton candy, but the Hulk stares down at it in surprise. He takes his fingers out of his mouth.
“Yeah, that. I’d accepted it. Three minutes is a helluva long time to come to terms with your own impending doom when you’re giving a nuclear missile a piggyback.  Never accepted it before. Always told myself I’d never go down without a fight. That’s what
Half the folks who followed them to the police department followed them to the park, although they’re still keeping a wide berth. Steve figures the Hulk with an ice cream sandwich is still the Hulk, and nobody but them wants to stand too close to the Hulk, so it’s almost peaceful. He can focus on the trees and the grass and the glimpses of the Hudson, and the Hulk can focus on his fifth ice cream sandwich, and Clint’s balancing on the handrail, looking extremely focussed too. Steve isn’t sure at what.
As he wends his way through the path Tony’s cleared, to the front of their impromptu crocodile, Steve nods at Clint and at the Hulk – idly spinning one of the car wheels with the tip of his finger while he waits, which is a definite step up from aimless punching – and shields his eyes to gaze up at Iron Man.
At first, he just hadn’t been able to stop moving – as if seventy years on ice had left a surplus of energy unspent; as if the second he let himself stand still, he would sink back down into the sea again. He had broken more punch bags than he cares to count, then saved the world, then got on his bike and drove and drove. If this is the world he fought and essentially died for, and if he’s going to be here forever, then he wants to know every last inch of it – and maybe then, he thinks sometimes on the darker nights – he’ll know if his sacrifice was worth it.
Quickly eating the rest of his doughnut and licking his fingers, Tony tugs the cuff of his shirt down over his hand and wipes at his beard with it.
the powers instead of as a separate entity. I thought I could still be... of some small use to the cause.” He spreads his hands under Steve’s gaze. “It wasn’t an innately bad idea.”
“Nanites again,” Tony supplies. “They hold the cave up, they hold my innards in. One day I’ll train them to cook and clean and then I’ll be sitting pretty.”
Behind the door, the conference room erupts in applause. Tony lowers his cell and the dorky smile fades from Steve’s face. He looks away from Tony and towards the rest of the team.
He trails off. In the quiet, Tony can hear people shouting in the street and someone moving around in the apartment over their heads.
done is not put me in a position where I – I have to act like your PA again! I’m your girlfriend and your CEO, I can’t-”
“O – kay,” Bruce says slowly. He runs a hand through his hair and sits up straighter. He’s outdoors somewhere, under a bright blue sky that fills the kitchen with the sounds of birds and insects. “Are we up again?”
, if nothing else. Tony twists his hand obligingly so the hologram spins in the air, components passing inches from Steve’s eyes.
“-rather than, ah, ‘forking out on a hotel room the same size and cost of a Lamborghini’, I believe were her words. Of course, I did not wish to offend Tony, so I made haste to his mighty tower to uphold the customs of his people.”
“Certainly, sir. If you would be so kind as to touch the wall? Any part will do, sir,” the voice adds as Steve hesitates.
The other Tony stares out at him from the dark, his eyes wide and damp, but he follows easily along when Tony gives his hand a tug. After a few steps, the Tony in Howard’s office begins to cry, the sound of it echoing down the corridor, and the Tony holding his hand stumbles. He looks back over his shoulder, uncertainly, at the way they came.
“Fury’s agreed to your exchange,” she says briskly the moment she’s connected, her call patched through JARVIS’ speakers to fill the conference room. A myriad of voices fade in and out in the background, as if she’s striding through a hub of buzzing activity. “It’s going to take a little while to get you what you want.”
Once again, this grew on me and I've had to split it in two for something resembling chapter length consistency.
“Boy,” he says. He runs his hand through his hair, then, when his fingers keep on flexing, shoves his hands back into his pockets. “Okay. I guess – I guess I knew it was gonna happen sooner or later. Can you…?”
the weight of it, he can feel the creaking joints. The city is shrinking, the portal is growing, the sky is rushing down to meet him.
“I guess. If you asked. You’re the leader, right?” He does the errant button up at last and only then looks up at Steve. “Are you asking?”
Tony seems to slump beneath Steve’s gaze, or beneath Steve’s words, drawing in on himself as he cradles his arm against his torso. “Right, right. Not now, okay? My arm hurts. We’ll talk later,” he adds, rolling his eyes at Steve’s unmoving presence. “Scout’s honour. Cross heart, hope to die.”
As Bruce begins to mark locations on the map, still speaking, a door slams somewhere in the heart of the penthouse and raised voices drift down to them from overhead.
Downstairs, the housewarming party is still in full swing, but Tony checked out of the celebrations hours ago; the people in his life are old and boring, whereas his house is new and beautiful. He fine-tuned JARVIS’ installation for an hour or two, and then he fine-tuned the liquor cabinet, and then he appeared on the bedroom floor.
“Captain!” he exclaims. He grabs Steve by the hand and by the shoulder and gives him a full body shake. “Well met! You too are a patron of this noble tradition?”
He heaves himself upright again, red-faced and panting. He coughs and wheezes, but when Tony shoots him a questioning look, he grins.
She’s pulling her hair back into a neat ponytail, and she adds, “I have to go to that teleconference now.”
The two of them drift away together. The spell breaks; Bruce’s watch starts beeping, signalling a crucial point in some time-sensitive experiments, and he flees; Thor declares that he has to tell Jane of the day’s victories. He pats Tony on the knee as he goes. Tony will be feeling that for days, he’s sure.
“I’ve got it,” Tony whispers the moment Steve is close enough to hear. “Swapped samples last night. Probably enough enhancements in my blood to fool them for a while.”
Steve pads over to the console. The monitors show nothing but noise. Tony is, he can see now, deeply and definitely asleep, his head buried in his arms and the microphone still resting loosely in his grip. Steve pulls it away, then he lifts the mic up to his lips.
“I’ll bet,” Steve says again. He looks down at the mess of half-eaten ice cream at his feet, kicks the cone to the side, then looks up at Tony again. “You’re pretty hard to please, yourself, you know.”
Lowering his hands, Steve tries to meet as many eyes as possible, and while some people stare stonily back at him, others look away. He can hear people start to murmur, see them nudge each other. Right at the front, a kid pushes another, scrawnier kid forwards and that kid holds out a crumpled $50 bill.
They all nod shakily, although none of them look particularly fit for a daring escape. Satisfied, Steve turns to the Hulk.
Fury keeps on staring at him for a moment, until Tony has to surreptitiously check he’s not still holding onto Fury’s coat. When he smiles, Tony takes a quick step back, but,
It all takes two, three seconds tops. The space between one breath and the next. As quickly as it started, the conference room goes quiet and unnaturally still, with a tang of ozone to the air. Breathing out slowly, Tony drops his hands from where they had pressed instinctively over his chest. He loosens his tie and pops a couple buttons and hooks a finger into the neck of his shirt, tugging it outwards to check.
Tony is five, and six, and seven, and eight, and when he hears that other boy begin to cry, he runs and hides until it’s time to go back home again.
He falls silent. He presses the heels of his palms to forehead and twists his fingers tightly in his hair. Steve waits, and waits.
JARVIS whirs softly as he collects his data; he’d probably whistle if he could. Tony spreads his fingers while he waits, watching the light between his fingers grow into solid glimpses of the room, the window, the sky. Then he presses his fingers back together so the edges become a dull, red glow again. Then he drops his hand.
He fastens the electrodes gently to his wrists. The wires lead out to the device in Steve’s hands, cradled as carefully as a baby’s head while he watches Tony with a solemn expression.
Natasha’s sarcastic smile shifts into something smaller and warmer and, Steve thinks, genuinely amused as she glances sideways to meet Steve’s eyes. But Tony’s still talking, over the sound of clinking glasses and bottles.
He steps out, and Tony follows him, rapping his knuckles on Steve’s shoulder. He takes one and a half steps for each one of Steve’s.
In the morning, Tony greets him with a jacket and a pair of shoes. They’re both a perfect fit, which he waves away with a vague “I have a man on the outside” when Steve questions it. Neither of them feel like talking after last night’s conversations, so Steve lets it slide and pulls the clothes on.
“At ease, soldier. You’re too cute. Go play with your friends. Actually, you might want to go change into something else first, if you value your shirt. Playdates with Tony usually end in explosions.”
Steve chuckles, ceiling-ward. Then he finger-combs his hair and smoothes his shirt and looks back down at Tony again.
“Okay.” Tony takes a half-step towards Steve and then rocks back, nodding and saying again, “Okay. Alright.”
He leads Steve past the gates and past the walls of the ground and into a small alley instead. His movements are stiff, restrained, and about halfway down the alley he stops moving altogether, pushing his hands into his pockets and tilting his head back to stare up at the sky.
Tony pulls his head back out of the window and tugs it shut. He twists the blinds cord back and forth between his fingers, winds it around his knuckles.
Sitting up straighter, rubbing a crick out of his neck, Steve watches Tony grab his socks from the nightstand and give them an experimental sniff before he pulls them on.
“Careful,” Steve says. “If you keep on calling me by my name, you won’t be able to manipulate me with it for much longer.”
The computer pauses, then says, “I am everywhere Mr Stark programs me to be, at all times. However, let me assure you that, as an electrical appliance, I lack all emotive capacity. It may help you to think of me as a particularly helpful lamp.”
“I’m saying, welcome to the world of tomorrow, where the government steals your children.” Tony spreads his hands and adds, in a voice filled with venom, “Ta-da.”
He glances up at Clint, who is standing next to him with his mouth hanging open and an ice cream sandwich in each hand. Clint wordlessly passes one down to him.
“I believe you,” Steve says. He sits back down once Ms Potts has disappeared from view. Tony remains sitting on the coffee table, cross-legged and shadowed, staring across at him. It’s gotten dark, Steve realises; the fire has died down.
“A magnetic suit,” Tony says. He leans against the edge of the desk and folds his arms. “Itsy-bitsy, teeny-weeny flexible iron filings. For the man who has everything.”
Tony braces a foot against the table leg and starts to swivel his chair back and forth, until he jars to a halt. He looks down at Steve’s hand on the arm of his chair. Steve is sitting straight-backed, staring up at Fury intently as if he’s waiting for new orders, but when Tony pushes against the grip on his armrest it only tightens, until he can’t swing his chair in either direction.
Shaking his head, Tony turns on his heel and walks away from Steve, but Steve can barely process the wash of disappointment before Tony reaches the wall and turns around again. He leans back against it and slides down to sit on the ground, with his legs sprawled out in front of him and the portal gun placed gently on the floor next to him.
Barton rolls his eyes, scoffing, and Tony flips him off, but Bruce clears his throat and says, “He’s right, though. You
Romanoff shakes her head. “He wasn’t HYDRA. Too messy. If he’d kept his cool another hundred yards, he would have made it to the press conference.”
Steve chuckles, letting Tony slip his fingers back out of Steve’s grip and take hold of his hand again, gently wiggling each finger and prodding one of the bruises. It already hurts less than it did, the swelling going down, the bruising rising up.
Tony glances over at Barton, who nods without surprise. Not so classified, then. Hill’s determined pace slows to a halt and she lowers her voice.
. Anything. Tell me what happened to Reed and Sue. Tell me what’s happening outside. Tell me something.”
The sky is hazy and the sun is bright, pure and golden, and there’s a sharp, cold wind that blows tears into his eyes. For a few seconds Tony has to blink and lift up a hand to shield his eyes. Squinting, he spots a shape that could be human at the far end of the balcony. He heads towards it.
SHIELD had been keeping his shelves stocked and presumably, although Steve doesn’t like to think about it too much now it’s dawned on him, also getting rid of anything that went bad while he was out of town for weeks at a time. It was one of the more surreal moments of Steve’s life – and that includes the Red Skull, and Dr Banner, and the helicarrier – when he got home from a jog, a few days after visiting Tony, to find an agent unpacking groceries onto his neglected shelves in his neglected kitchen.
“Yeah, can’t look too good, I’ll show Barton up,” Tony says, tugging at his tie while Barton flips him off over Steve’s shoulder. “Hey, I have an idea – hold this.”
Steve feels his shoulders sag. He’s dripping water on the floor. “Darn it. Never mind, I can go... somewhere. Home's only fifty minutes away, and the streets are quiet, so it shouldn't-”
Levering himself onto his feet with his uninjured hand on Steve’s shoulder, Tony turns to face Billy and Teddy.
“Pepper eats muesli so now I... eat muesli. Uh, it’s not bad, if you like chewing. You seem like a guy who appreciates a good, healthy chew, right? Am I right? But before Pep, I always told the personal shopper to get whatever looked the most like actual candy.”
He made the agent take it all to the nearest homeless shelter. If Steve’s really going to be here, in Brookyln, in the twenty-first century, then he’s going to buy his own darn groceries.
Almost as soon as he began joining the geographical dots, the letters started pouring in. The vast majority of it, he’s sure, is culled by SHIELD, and most of what’s left is fanmail from strangers and children and friendly young women. But sometimes it gets more personal. It seems like there’s a person in every major city who knew someone, or knew someone who knew someone, who had fought alongside him. Sometimes he even gets letters from people he’d known; most of them had been younger than him, seventy years ago. He tries to see them all while he still can, wherever they are, because if there’s one thing Steve’s learned, it’s that you never know who might be dead and gone when you wake up in the morning.
Tony carefully undoes his tie and pulls it free and folds it around his fingers. He slips out of his jacket and hangs it over the back of a chair. His shirt, he takes off slower, button by button, tossing it onto his bed when he’s done. He kicks his jeans across the floor, tugs off his socks and tugs down his boxers.
Obie reappears and, in one smooth motion, without hesitation, he slots a metal device over the arc reactor. It clamps down tight. Something jolts in Tony’s heart when Obie draws the arc reactor back out of his chest.
Tony pauses. He tugs his shades off completely and glowers up at Steve. “I don’t want to say it now. You’ve ruined the moment.”
“Okay,” Tony says, flexing his fingers against Steve’s grip. “Yes, we have Reed. We have the whole happy Fantastic Four family. Somewhere,” he adds, softly. He doesn’t look at Steve as he picks up the screwdriver and pushes at Steve’s fingers. “Move your hand up. Half an inch should do it.”
“You know what the worst part is?” Tony laughs, a little too brightly. “I wouldn’t put it past them. Tell me they’re building a computer out of the skulls of kittens and I’d probably believe you.”
Shaking her head, looking back over her shoulder with every step, she turns and runs back the way she came, towards the sound of voices. Tony lets out the breath he was holding. He lowers himself down into the undergrowth, leans back against a tree trunk and closes his eyes.
Steve doesn’t know what that is, but he smiles. He swipes his finger across a row – a geometric shape he knows from Black Widow’s belt buckle; a stylised ‘A’ he doesn’t recognise – and watches the pictograms turn red. A second touch turns them silver and at once every communicator in the box, and the one in Tony’s hand, starts to beep and vibrate furiously, the box shaking with the force of it.
Tony taps his fingers against his chin. He wends his way out from behind the bar and leans over the coffee table to study Bruce’s map upside down and he says, softly, “Huh. Wait here.”
“Well, Tony, you never call, you never write, you sure as hell never invited me to fight aliens with you.”
Steve takes a deliberate step back, raising his eyebrows, and Tony nods. He shoots Steve a questioning look and Steve nods back.
Steve hesitates, uncertain how much to admit of the conversation they heard and the fact that he listened to it. He crosses over to the couch and leans his shield against the cushions, dumps his bag on the floor next to it, and he looks down at the map still spread across the coffee table.
He claps Tony on the shoulder and moves away from him to take charge of evacuating the room.  Bruce and Thor follow after him, Thor pausing on his way to collect his cape from the debris and drape it around his shoulders. Selecting Pepper’s number, Tony half listens to Steve begin to talk, his words a low rumble just on the edge of hearing.
“Nay, Captain,” he says. “Would that I could be of more help, but your weapon is unfamiliar to me. In Asgard, we craft weaponry of great beauty, and with great care. This – this is crude. And
Steve smiles up at the ceiling, tilting his head back like most people do when faced with a disembodied voice – as if JARVIS were some kind of sarcastic god – and he says, “I think I agree with JARVIS on this one.”
Tony whistles between his teeth as soon as he’s outside. He dumps the box of doughnuts on the low wall and props his elbows on either side of it, hands loosely clasped over the thousand foot drop, and he shakes his head.
Tony shakes his head. “Not here,” he says, and he turns on his heel and weaves a path through the small crowd that has apparently formed around Steve. He’s a big guy; when he stops in the middle of the sidewalk and stares up at something, people tend to notice. Perhaps the wrong people noticed. Stomach sinking, Steve quickly follows after Tony through the crowd.
It’s the first time he’s spoken since they started playing this stupid game and Tony turns to look at him. He’s still sitting there cross-legged, looking calm and thoughtful as he leans forwards to listen to Thor’s answer. His hair fastidiously parted, his hands folded in his lap. The tips of his ears are still pink and Tony still doesn’t know if it was laughter or disapproval that he had hidden behind his hand.
His gaze turns distant for a moment, as though he’s already drawing up schematics and working out equations behind his eyes; but then he blinks and his attention snaps back to Steve, and then back to the gun.
“Stop trying to make us into role models for your twisted ideas of civilian life, Barton,” Tony says. “It won’t work. Cap’s – well, Cap’s not a civilian, anyway. I’m too cool for you. Bruce is too
“He’d have done the whole tower in Iron Man colours if I hadn’t stopped him,” she admits, pushing the towel into his hands. “Now, the best shower’s on level three of the penthouse, if you want to clean up. Then we can rig you up some kind of toga with Natasha’s... effective safety pins.”
“There’s always a choice,” he says. “Look, maybe – maybe my life is so tied up with yours that if I did it all again without you things
The moment Hill walks through the doorway, her arrival announced by JARVIS, her steps falter. She peers around herself, holding her manila folders tightly to her chest. Her eyes linger dubiously on Thor’s ill-fitting shirt and Tony’s bag of chips.
“You didn’t miss out on much. Did you know you’re meant to spit the wine out after you’ve tasted it?” Tony dumps ice into both glasses and holds one out to Steve. He rattles it vigorously until Steve, with a sigh, takes it. “There you go, most expensive mouthwash you’ll ever use. Pepper took me wine-tasting once. Business trip. Surrounded by morons in suits. Hell on Earth.”
Tony lets out a long, slow sigh, sagging back in his seat. “There. Good as new. Or rather, better than new. You can let go now.”
The Hulk roars again, the strength of it making Steve flinch despite himself, but Tony just laughs and shakes his head, turning his attention back to the hologram.
“I’m filming muscle movement, Steve, not porn. Go on. Wait, no.” He pulls open another drawer and, after a moment of riffling around, withdraws a square of scrap metal. “Is this roughly the right weight?”
“Still inconclusive,” Bruce sighs – Tony, with his eyes still closed, cocks his head. Only a few feet away. Steve, then, who closed the door. “I think I need a few more days, maybe a week.”
Whatever else he’s planning on saying, Steve slots the ear defenders over his ears and the world goes silent. Tony follows suit and then carefully picks up the gun, keeping his fingers clear of trigger, and he moves away from the desks to stand in the middle of the workshop floor. Steve moves with him, until Tony lifts his free hand and pushes against Steve’s chest, the meaning clear: keep back.
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony hesitates. “Look, honeybear, I know you think the world of me and my leadership skills...” Rhodey splutters with laughter and Tony waits until he’s stopped. “But I’m not the one in charge of this operation, I’m just the business-running, tie-wearing side of things. But I can put in a good word with Cap, if you wanna come play in our sandbox.”
. But I’m not so sure doing this here is a good idea. We don’t know what this thing is or what it does-”
“Look, a couple years ago I had some, uh – firsthand experience with a device that subdued the whole time-travelling thing. I mean, probably. It wasn’t exactly a scientific trial but considering I was literally in the middle of a slow, painful death and I stuck with the present – and normally,” he adds, pausing in his string of notes to look at up at Steve, “evading painful deaths is the only thing this party trick is good for, so I think we can reasonably assume some correlation there.”
Fifty feet in the air over the desert, with every bone in his body rattling and the jet pack blasting and great billowing clouds of fire from the Ten Rings compound licking at his heels, Tony feels the familiar dip and swoop in his stomach.
They’re both silent after that, Steve because he’s still processing it, or because he has no air left in his lungs. Everything inside of himself seems to have slowed down to a halt. He feels himself shake his head.
“Well, you see, Cap, when three horny people love each other very, very much...” Tony cackles as Steve, feeling himself flush, holds up his hands. He pats Steve on the shoulder. “Never mind, forget I spoke, erase it from your mind, we’ll have to ease you into it. Which is, of course, what
Tony laughs. He clasps his hands tighter around his knees until, at last, the shaking subsides and he continues.
She skids to a halt at the water’s edge, shielding her eyes from the glare of the sun and staring out for a long while. She props her hands on her hips and looks around. Tony, in the trees, backs further out of sight.
The light clears from Tony’s vision to reveal Steve watching him. He has looked up at the sound of Tony’s approach, but there’s a sketchpad propped against the edge of the wall and a pencil in his hand, tip still balanced on the paper. Tony nods at him, pointing his fingers at his own eyes and then at Steve’s eyes. Steve frowns back.
When Tony is four years old, Howard Stark looks dead into the centre of a camera lens and he says, “Tony.”
Steve turns to face the door and watches till Tony appears in the doorframe, wrapped in tinfoil and looking sheepish. He tugs at his neckline and the whole costume rattles.
, I suppose the tower’s got plenty of room, if you don’t wanna stay in your shoebox and you don’t have anywhere else – what? What? What’s so funny?”
“And anyway,” Tony says. He presses something on the underside of the worktop and a panel in the surface rotates over, without a sound, revealing a console. “It’s Steve’s present, and he’s brought enough for the whole class.”
Thor, declaration made, beams at the pair of them. Steve glances at Tony, who is staring at Thor with a look of abject horror; then at Jane, smiling with her hand on Thor’s arm, just smiling. Thor’s own smile dims.
Kicking his chair away, he climbs to his feet and points a finger at Fury. “I’m going to control it.”
Lifting her head and lowering her knees abruptly, Pepper turns around to face him. Her feet hit the carpet with a muted thump. She lays one hand on his knee.
“Don’t wanna hear it. And that?” he adds, jabbing a finger at the star in the centre of Steve’s chest. “That wasn’t time travel, pal, that was a guy taking a really long nap.”
Steve whips around to see Tony with his hands in his own pockets, his face turned up towards to the sky. A rocket shoots up with a whistle and a bang and a shower of bright blue sparks, and Tony grins.
Tony huffs out a breath of laughter, knocking his knuckles against the seam of Steve’s jeans. “Don’t get me wrong, it was fucking terrifying, but I’ve had more near death experiences than you’ve had – apple pie. Freedom fries.”
“Hulk is last resort. This space is too confined. You two see if you can figure out a little of what’s going on here. Could be something hidden in the room triggered this, uh.” He hesitates, frowns. “This electromagnetic pulse?”
Natasha nods and returns to her breakfast, apparently satisfied. Tony, meanwhile, strides across the floor and, sweeping detritus out of the way with an arm, drops the portal gun onto the work surface before them.
Moving forwards again, Steve picks up the scattered pieces as he goes, wires and sensors, clips and fastenings. He doesn’t try to untangle them, just lays them down on the desk next to Tony.
“I spent the first twenty-five years of my life with not much to do but read,” Steve says. “So, neither.”
The robot beeps at Tony, bobbing its head up and down while Tony, muttering, “Hold still, would you?”, slots a small fire extinguisher into place on its neck. He steps back with his hands on his hips and watches the robot roll away.
“Okay, good, good to know I’m not just terrorising random kids. You’re irritatingly vague about where I meet you. Try to grow up less vague this time, okay?” The man wipes his nose and realises it’s bleeding. “Don’t punch me so hard either. You got a tissue? A hanky?”
Rhodey steps closer to take a look at the designs, upside down at first, but as his expression shifts and grows serious he pulls the papers out from under Tony’s spread hands. He turns them right way up, looks closer.
“What? Give me that.” Snorting, Tony grabs the paper back from him. He smoothes a crease out of the corner. “Just you wait, kiddo. Got any reds?”
Steve looks down at him helplessly, then he untangles Tony’s hand from the mic and pulls Tony’s arm over his shoulders, dragging and lifting Tony onto his feet. “You need to go to bed,” he says gently, and he tows Tony towards his cot. The mansion is too far away right now, even if the steel door is unlocked.
“JARVIS has me tuned into the police radio,” Tony says. “Seems they can’t make it through. Something about a traffic jam and a huge crowd of people come to watch superheroes take down a bunch of incompetent bank robbers? I know, I know, I’m as surprised as you are.”
Returning to his desk, Bruce fusses around with his computer, saving data and shutting down applications and tidying his workspace. Tony watches him for a little while. Bruce’s desk is still gleaming white, like new. The whole lab shines under its clean, white lights. It smells faintly of bleach and echoes a little when they talk. It’s too big for just two scientists.
Finally, glancing off to the side, Tony catches Sofia’s eye. She nods, tapping her watch, and Tony clears his throat and lifts his hands up.
and I’m not making faces like that. Okay, okay, fine, let’s feast and be merry with vodka and Jane. Now go wait for her by the elevator, would you? Go, leave, your enthusiasm is hurting my eyes.”
At last, the elevator reaches the basement level and Tony steps out, Steve following him to those same heavy metal doors he passed through a week ago.
“Yeah, you like that, baby?” he says to Rhodey, dropping his hands and taking hold of his cell again, while Barton sniggers from the couch. “I’ll tell him about all your big, shiny, patriotic medals.”
With the perimeter secured, they assemble on the floor of the conference room. The corridors are still dim, the carpet still littered with broken glass from the blown-out bulbs, the emergency lights glowing a pale, sickly green. Tony inhales deeply. Crouching down, he rubs a hand over the carpet and winces at the crackle of static electricity.
Over their heads, the fire alarm cuts out at last. The silence falls so suddenly it leaves the room stunned for a moment, until someone cheers. Steve smiles up at the ceiling.
Through the window, in the living room, Jane is sitting on the couch with her magazine held up to her nose. She barely seems aware of Thor, sitting on the floor next to her with his chin on her thigh, but as Steve watches she turns a page and drops her hand to Thor’s head, running her fingers through his hair. Thor gazes up at her with a look of such pure, naked adoration in his eyes it’s visible even from where Steve is standing. He’s not sure it’s possible for someone to look more in love than that.
Tony stares after them, his back to Steve. Now that the action is over, the park seems suddenly and impossibly still. Steve listens for a shout or a fight or the wail of a siren, but there’s nothing. The leaves shiver. When he concentrates, he can hear Tony’s shallow breaths. Steve stares at his back, taking in the rumpled shirt he worked in all day and then slept in; and the way he holds himself so tensely, as if he’s ready and waiting for another fight to break out or for the stock market to crash. Back home, Tony stands this way as well. In all the possible universes, all the Tony Starks must stand this way.
Barton shakes his head slowly, face angled away from the crowd that’s inching closer. “Can’t reach her. SHIELD communications are down, at least on this end.”
“Yeah, yeah, permission granted. What, you barely budge for vodka and doughnuts, but you leap out of your chair for Jane? Your priorities are...” Tony pauses, taps his chin. “Sickeningly well-balanced, I guess. Well done, you.”
“Better be good,” Clint grouses, but he hops down off the worktop and lands on a stool. For all his complaining, he sits with his back straight and his eyes alert, focussed on the gun before him.
He lets outs a frustrated breath, scrubbing his hands through his hair. “Let me – let me try this again. Take two.”
“Mr Stark,” she says briskly, “if I’m going to keep doing this for your team, I want a raise. And Captain America’s autograph for my son.”
Tony flinches slightly, dropping his gaze and taking another step back, but he goes still again when Steve holds up his uninjured hand.
Natasha inclines her head in agreement, her lips twitching. Next to her, though, Clint is frowning. Steve glances down at Clint's hands on the worktop and sees them clenching into fists.
“Didn’t they have Sesame Street in the forties? No, I guess not, and anyway, what am I talking about? You weren’t watching kid’s TV in the forties, you were busy growing muscles and punching Hitler. The twenties, then. Good God, grandpa, when were you born?”
“That’s all, folks,” he says. “I wish we could stay like this forever, I really do, but we have to be home in time for Dog Cops. So, uh, one more question. You? Guy in the ugly hat? No, I’m kidding, the hat’s great.”
Steve stares up at the man until he snorts and shakes his head, saying, “Fine, not proof enough. I can’t tell you what’s gonna happen in the future, that’s cheating. Hey, what year is it? I could tell you who wins the World Series.”
“Nope. Not a peep. I guess now the world’s saved, they’re too busy making paper hats. Playing patacake. Searching for Fury’s missing eye.” Tony pauses. “You?”
They speak over each other, then stare at each other. Tony grins. He pushes his hands into his pockets and rocks back and forth on his heels. Steve does nothing but smile – but he doesn’t leave.
in the corner of the cave, it’s the scent that hits him the hardest, the heady mix of sand and metal and two bodies in close quarters. He staggers, lurching into the wall and letting it hold him up because his legs sure as hell cannot.
impressive in the future. You got any friends from the nineteenth century? Cavemen, any cavemen? I could probably convince cavemen I’m a god...”
Yinsen pours himself a cup of tea. He holds it between both hands and blows gently on the surface of the steaming water.
They both flinch. Steve takes another, automatic step back from Tony, before he lifts up his chin and he turns around. Bucky, taking the steps up to the globe two at a time, runs up to meet them.
Stepping forwards again, Tony grabs the end of a sleeve and tugs, letting the gun roll out of its layers of sweatshirt and onto the desktop with a thud. It rock gently where it lands.
“I wish you’d told me,” Steve says, picking his pencil up again. “Not – not about Bucky and the ice. I can understand that, now, I guess. But that you didn’t like me.”
“We’re learning valuable stuff here,” he says. He lifts a hand and ticks it off on his fingers. “Bruce likes calm, blue oceans, Barton likes injuring sealife, Romanoff doesn’t like eating people. Thor, you’re up.”
“No,” Steve says at last. “No, don’t get rid of it. It’s not... impractical. But I want full disclosure. Make it available for all of us to use, not just you, and show me everything it does. It could be useful – if we
“Bruce,” Steve says, his voice coming from the edge of the room but moving closer. “How are those tests going?”
“Bastards,” Steve murmurs, and he startles at the sound of his own voice, the first he’s heard since he and Tony went their separate ways in the cave. In the distance, he can see Tony moving about agitatedly, collecting odds and ends that are undoubtedly more important than Steve can ever understand. Without him close by, the place seems too dead, too silent for speech.
He takes the box from Tony’s hands and leans over the couch to slide it into his bag, slides the bag over his shoulder. Then he picks his shield up from its place on the cushions and holds it out to Tony.
“Look, you – your mom had just died and you were, what? Fifteen? It was bad. I couldn’t deal with my own teenage grief, let alone someone else’s, so let’s just – go to the zoo.”
Tony holds the stare a little longer, raising an eyebrow. Steve holds his ground and stares back, until Tony shrugs. He shakes out his arms and lowers them to his sides.
“I’d push the big, red button myself,” Tony says, “but obviously then I’d disappear and drop it, so the honour falls to you. Ready?”
Steve stares at him, but Tony’s jaw stays clenched on whatever else it was he might have had to say. Steve feels something clench inside of him.
“Pass it here,” Steve says. He ignores the sound of his own voice, wrecked and stuffy with unshed tears, and looks back up at Tony.
“Hey Cap,” he says around another yawn, closing his eyes again. “We were wondering when you’d show up.”
“My apologies, Tony. Oft I forget how fragile these Midgardian trinkets are, despite the great power they contain.”
He watches. Up in the sky, Tony falls silent and Iron Man flies in another giant loop before Tony responds. Steve suddenly, abruptly, can’t remember what year it was that Howard died.
“Hey, Tony-” he begins, before seeing the other Tony and smoothly adding, “Hey, Tonies. You’ve got a party to host. Everything okay in here?”
But Steve still pauses, on his way round to shotgun, to touch a hand reverently to the gleaming red roof before he gets inside, and he smiles again, smiles with such great affection.
“I never wanted to in the first place,” another insists, and then yelps as Clint kicks him in the knee.
Tony smirks at that. He takes Steve’s arm with his free hand, dabbing rubbing alcohol onto a patch of skin a couple of inches above the elbow with the other. Then he carefully steadies the scalpel and digs in without warning. Steve appreciates the lack of warning, his muscles remembering to tense up only once Tony is already pulling away. The cut isn’t deep, but it’s bleeding freely, enough that Steve only has to tip his arm for blood to run down into the waiting test tube. They watch in silence.
“Thanks,” Bruce says, taking it. He pauses, frowns and reaches into his mouth to a pull a bit of twisted metal out from between his teeth. “I can’t believe you let him eat a gun.”
Tony laughs at that, the amusement bringing a spark of life back into his face. “Then just see if you can find a screwdriver in this hellhole and get the front panel off the monitor console. There’s something I need in there.”
accepted my fate. Gave Pep the company, took care of Rhodey, ready to fistbump my maker, the full shebang. But even then I guess I believed
He kneels down and tugs his shield out of the distorted gym bag, wincing when he hears something rip, and then he rubs the face of the shield gently with the cuff of his sweatshirt. As he straightens up, Clint begins to hum the national anthem.
“-but there it is, me, my three PhDs. I had a phase. Everyone has a collecting stuff phase. Thor, buddy, a gift for you as promised. You ever collect stuff?”
Pete has a grandson. Pete has five grandkids, in fact, and two daughters and a son. Pete has a life, a full eighty years of it plus change, and when he dies – which they both know will be soon – he’ll probably die happy.
Bruce smiles pleasantly up at her, pulling a pen from his shirt pocket when she hands him his copy of the agreement. He looks like a private school chemistry teacher. Tony watches Hill take in Bruce’s pocket protector with a baffled expression, and he grins to himself and grabs a document.
him,” Clint says. “I just didn’t fight the giant, angry mutant’s decision to put a gun in his mouth and chew.”
Steve glances sideways at Clint and Tony. By no stretch of the imagination could you call either of them
The black tide moves past him while Tony remains still, suspended. There’s a speck of light in the far, far distance, but when he wills it to come closer – jaw clenched and eyes watering with the effort – it obeys him, and a wind picks up around him. Nothingness whistles past his ears. Tony reaches out with fingers he can’t see or feel and pulls the speck of light towards him. It grows bigger and bigger; no longer a speck at all, but something vast and distant and moving at an incredible speed. The wind howls.
“Yeah, she’s a terrific model. Most people get too self-conscious if they know you’re drawing them,” Steve says. “Especially if they’re trying to relax for you. But Natasha’s always in control of herself. Comes with being a spy, I figure.”
“I’ve got some sweatpants,” says a woman. She pulls a face and shrugs, as people turn to look at her incredulously. “I mean, I don’t know if they’ll fit great, but we’re not getting him ready for the catwalk, here, right? Just getting him less... naked.”
“I remember that too,” Steve says. “Look, can it, would you? For now. We can’t just the two of us decide to break away from SHIELD, anyway. We’d need to talk it through with the team.”
“Well, let’s see,” Tony says. “Big bang, dinosaurs, invention of the wheel. You were born somewhere around 1800, I believe. The air always seemed to smell of exhaust fumes, but I kinda liked it. Your apartment was crummy though.”
“Okay,” Steve says, standing up straight. He speaks low and fast. “We need to get out there and see what’s going on. Widow, with me. Hawkeye, I want you at the main doors, keeping watch. What other exits we got?”
She’s sitting on the edge of the bed, wrapped in a sheet, with her knees drawn up to her chest. Her face is turned towards the window. The low haze of starlight and light pollution has smoothed the tension from her face, left her looking younger, softer.
Steve barely has a chance to step inside before someone shouts and he’s aware of a whistling sound heading straight for him. He flings himself to the side, ducking and rolling into a crouch, and above him the whistling is cut off by an abrupt crunch.
After a minute or two, Tony nods in satisfaction, stopping the tube up. He gives the cut a final wipe down, and this time Steve can’t help but hiss through his teeth.
He looks around the room. It’s huge – of course it’s huge, because he and Pepper share an appreciation for wide open spaces, warehouses, cathedrals. It had seemed a lot smaller five minutes ago, when it was full of people. But you adapt.
In the elevator, Steve lets out a shaky breath. And then another, his heart still hammering. Next to him, Tony hums to himself, fussing with the sweatshirts wrapped around the gun as if he were swaddling a baby. Steve glances sideways at him, but Tony is staring up at the ceiling, eyes wide and distant.
“Your father tried to get me drunk,” he says, to fill the silence left by Tony’s drinking. “Everyone in the Howling Commandos tried; I think it was practically an official military sport by the time I – but Howard always used the best stuff.”
Steve watches him stride away, cape flapping behind him. Maybe it’s Asgardian culture, or maybe Thor really is just that adaptable.
“Thanks, that’s reassuring,” Pepper says, shooting him an exasperated look, but she lets go of his arm, smoothing the crease out of his sleeve before she steps back and looks him up and down. Lips pursed, she plucks a sliver of glass from his hair and raises her eyebrows.
Even so, things happen so fact that even Tony can barely process it. Steve is still shouting out his command when he grabs Tony too hard by the collar and yanks him down out of his chair; and in that same moment there’s an almighty crash, the sound of every lightbulb in the room exploding, barely audible over the shocked screams; and out of the corner of his eye, Tony sees Thor leaping over the table, glass raining down around him, until Steve’s hand pushes down on the back of his head and Tony ducks down under the table again.
“You can’t laugh at in-jokes from the future,” Tony says, sliding into the driver’s seat. He turns to glare at Steve. “It’s cheating.”
things in Tony’s home look as if they aren’t meant to be seen by the general public - so Steve leaves them on the edge of a desk, with a pen on top to keep them blowing away.
He stares down at it for a while, trying to understand the sums and then, when that doesn’t work, pretending it’s a secret code that contains a secret message. That doesn’t work either.
He lapses into silence. Steve lets it linger for a little while and then he knocks his feet sideways against Tony’s until Tony snaps out of his reverie. He lifts his head, looks up at Steve, something wide open in his expression.
He sits down next to Tony, crossing his ankles and folding his arms, and Tony rocks his head back against the wall to look across at him, mouth quirking up at the edges. He doesn’t move his hand.
“I’m sorry. He only stalks the people he likes, I swear. It’s affectionate really. He kept turning up in my department for weeks before I accepted his job offer. Oh god, that sounds awful, doesn’t it? It wasn’t as awful as it sounds.”
Steve swallows.  His hand drops to his side. At length, “And you couldn’t have told me this before shoving a screwdriver into your arm?”
With an almighty crash that makes them both jump, a red and gold robot falls down from the ceiling and lands in the empty parking space. The concrete cracks beneath him.
Before the rush, before that great rush of energy bursts upwards, crackling like a storm. The suit is buzzing with electrical discharge and Tony’s hair stands on end. He can hear it coming.
. This is a voyage into the unknown, here. We’re not ready to reminisce about the good old days yet.”
After he stares at Steve for a little while, and Steve stares back at him, Tony adds, slowly, “I don’t
Clint grins at him and, balling up the sandwich wrapper, he tosses it with precision at the upturned faceplate. It lands smack dab in the centre and gets stuck in one of Iron Man’s eyes.
He closes his eyes and, after a moment’s indecision, thinks of Breezy Point Tip. He thinks of how he had wandered up and down the beach, grumbling, sand in his shoes, trying to find the strongest wifi signal. When he had looked back over his shoulder, he had seen Steve standing by the shoreline with his hands in his pockets and Tony had thought again, then, of Steve’s crappy suitcase on his mother’s kitchen table, and the sun had been shining in his eyes.
“These idiots-” Glancing at Steve, he nudges one of them with his toe. “- fired off a few rounds to scare folks in the bank, but nobody got hurt. My favourite part was when Hulk ate the getaway driver’s gun.”
“Fuck!” he shouts. He kicks the bedpost, bare toed, and then sinks down onto the mattress with a pained snarl. He grabs his shirt, tugging it on.
The door to Tony’s personal elevator glides open noiselessly, the movement so natural it seems almost organic. There’s no elevator operator – but then even at the height of his fame in the forties, Steve never exactly visited the kinds of places where people pressed the buttons for you. He steps cautiously inside, the door sliding shut behind him with barely a whisper of air. Inside the walls are black and shiny, and the ceiling is white and shiny, everything gleaming from a light source Steve can’t find. Nor can he – he realises as he turns in a slow circle, closely examining the walls – find any buttons.
He watches Clint murmur something to Natasha, fishing another handful of chips out of the bag. She nods and looks up at Steve, her gaze so sharp and focussed and
“I’m up to the sixties,” he says, and Tony blinks, losing some of his guarded expression in the face of Steve’s non sequitur. “I’ve been catching up on everything I, uh... slept through. Politics, culture, technology. I spent a month in England. Visiting relatives and – graves. It’s slow going.”
He trails off. There’s a pause, Steve still shaking, and then he feels Tony’s hand on his forearm, the touch gone as quick as it came.
Tony backs up under Steve’s glare, backs up until he’s against the edge of his desk and can go no further, and then he raises his hands in placation and says, “Wait, wait, wait.”
He trails off mid-sentence, halfway through the door. He frowns around at the kitchen island-cum-conference table. Everyone else has gotten there before him, which isn’t unusual, and they’re all eating together, which is surreal on more levels than he cares to count. There’s even a plate conscientiously left before the empty seat between Pepper and Romanoff, with a slice of toast waiting for him, as if he’s fallen through a portal into a wholesome family TV show. Thor beams up at him, chewing vigorously; he’s wearing an ‘I love New York’ t-shirt that’s at least one size too small for him.
“Don’t,” Tony whispers. “Don’t. Shit. Sorry, I should've - When we’re upstairs, we’re not safe. Hell, even downstairs we're probably not completely safe. The walls could quite literally have ears. Keep your head down and don’t draw attention to yourself. Understand?”
“You couldn’t have,” Tony says to the wall. “Trust me, you couldn’t have changed a thing. It doesn’t work like that.”
Steve is twenty-six, or ninety-four, and sketching idly on the back of a bank statement when he hears a clatter from the kitchen. He lowers his pencil.
He settles back in the chair and watches the monitors. A few experimental button pushes yield the same results as before: for a few seconds the channels change, and Steve catches brief glimpses of streets he’s walked down and buildings he knows; then every screen flicks back, column by column, to their views of the park.
At that, Tony steps forwards, clapping his hands together – the sound is very loud with his armour on.
“Hands free for the terrible twins,” Tony declares. At Steve’s quizzical look, he makes a complex gesture and the exploded parts pull back together into the shape of something a bit like Steve’s ear piece, but a lot more complicated. “For Bruce and his roomie. Putting things in people’s ears, easy. Getting things to stay in while people turn into angry green giants – well, also easy. For me. I’m a genius. But slightly
“Yeah.”  Tony nods. He winces as a spark lands on the back of his hand, but bats it away without comment. His hands have always been scarred from his work.  “Yeah, that’s what I was imagining, too.”
“Great. Good job. Everyone pat yourselves on the back from me. Flip flops, sweatpants.” Tony points at each of the donors. “Stark Tower. Big, beautiful, right over there. My personal tip? Sell them on Ebay. I mean it, we’ll sign them, I’ll whip up some kind of certificate of authentication, bam, you’ve got yourself a fresh slice of American history.”
And would you please,” he adds, striding across the distance and tugging the video camera out of Tony’s grasp, “
“I found... something,” he says. “But I’ll tell you in the morning – uh, later in the morning, I guess. I really need to...”
“So maybe it’s a really clever man, too,” he says. “With a lot of computer components. Back home, it’s – he’s a man.”
“You should’ve thought of that back in all those clothes stores we went through,” Steve says. He crouches down next to Tony. Waits.
“You’re not in costume. Honestly, I gotta say, that hat of yours wasn’t hiding anything. What was that hat? It had wings painted on. If you were trying to mask your identity with that, then it wasn’t working, but I guess the rest of the suit was so spangly people weren’t looking at your face.”
Steve holds out a hand and, with a grin, the doorman takes it, the open door slipping in his grip and beginning to swing shut until he catches it with the heel of his shoe.
He follows Bucky down the steps. His ears are ringing. He wants to look back. But instead, he offers the girls a piece of candy and he lets the tide of movement, surging all in one direction, draw him deeper into the audience. Bucky tugs him on towards the flying car.
Tony groans without looking up from his work, focussed on the notes he’s writing straight onto the surface of his desk. “Tone down the dramatics, Barton. You’re on vacation.”
Tony takes the hummus with him back to the table and he drops down next to Steve into Pepper’s vacated seat, leaving the seat next to Romanoff empty. She glances up at him, with her eyebrows raised and her mouth full of muesli, and then her gaze drifts past him. Tony turns to look too and sees Steve staring at the open door; the last, faint sounds of Pepper’s heels are still drifting through.
“Wow,” Steve mumbles. He wonders whether Tony is from the sixties, or the seventies, or even the eighties. His head is spinning. His mouth feels numb. He wonders where Bucky is, with that ice.
Steve is staring at him with something in his eyes that Tony can’t read. At Tony’s question, he shakes his head and looks away.
The doorman’s chuckle follows him through into the lobby – black stone floors, walls of polished, sand-coloured marble, a receptionist typing away from behind a black desk bigger than a car, and a row of elevators in the wall opposite. The wall behind Steve, which had been mirrored glass outside, is clear from the inside. It must be at least a couple of inches thick; no noise is getting through at all. As the door closes fully behind Steve, with a polished click, the sounds of a busy New York day are cut off completely, leaving the lobby in silence. It feels like a room that was built for silence, and Steve walks uncomfortably over to the desk, every footstep seeming louder than a gunshot.
Before he can respond, her cell phone beeps. Pepper tugs it out of her purse and frowns down at the caller ID, her lips pressing thinly together. She rolls her eyes when she looks back up at him.
Steve looks him up and down, then clasps him on the shoulder. “Close to win-win sounds like a real step up from the old situation. Also, the Hulk said you had to speak with me?”
Tony taps his fingers against the edge of the box. He tugs his communicator out, turns it over in his hands, and then slots it back into place again. Steve watches his eyes dart around the room, never quite landing on him.
The elevator reaches level one and Steve steps out into the Penthouse. He removes his boots automatically, leaving them in their usual spot against the wall, but when he looks up he realises he’s alone. The living room is quiet and empty, a cool breeze blowing in through the door to the balcony.
Steve glances over his shoulder. Tony is standing in the open doorway, backlit against the bright light of the corridor, a shadow slouched against the frame with his hands in his pockets. Steve shrugs again, allows himself a smile.
Next to him, Tony snorts. Steve keeps his eyes closed, fuzzy and content, and feels Tony take hold of chin and turn his face into the light.
He slides out from under the Hulk’s fist and straightens up cautiously. The Hulk stares down at him, breathing out through his nose hard enough to ruffle Steve’s hair. Without blinking, he crushes the arrow in his fist and lets the shards spill out onto Steve’s head.
“Let me see, how to explain it in forties-speak? Well golly gee, Cap, stopping the time-travel was just a dandy side-effect of the super swell temporary paralysis. Gee whiz.”
“I apologise,” Thor says, “for my hasty actions. I should have not leapt without looking, and nor should I have abandoned my team in a moment of strife. My actions were driven not by selfishness but by surprise.”
It takes Tony a moment to react. He drags his arm slowly down his face and peers blearily out at Steve from under it. He blinks.
Tony shoves it open with his elbow, saying, ““Friends, Russians, Asgardian gentlemen, lend me your...”
“I don’t know,” he says. “It was a war, I was a soldier. Most of the time I just threw it at Nazis and HYDRA. Red Skull, I guess?”
He hands Tony a pile of neatly folded clothes, with a car battery and a tangle of bloody wires balanced on top, and then he sits down on the edge of the cot and looks at Tony very hard.
The view on Thor’s screen shifts again, blurring with movement until at last the picture goes still and Thor’s face appears. He beams out at them.
She stares at him as though she’s waiting for something. Her eyes are bright in the dark. Her fingertips are cold.
The other Tony begins to lift his head, but Tony can already feel his body reacting, fading, running away –
In the grounds, Tony is twenty-one and turns away from the study window; is twenty-six and watches Howard’s hand cover his mouth; is forty, with a blue light glowing in his chest, watching only himself this time.
“Ah, ah, let me finish, come on. Geez. Aren’t you meant to be the polite one? You want one, you can have one. Have two. I’ll build you two.”
“Down another 10%,” Tony says. “Minimise Butterfingers and rewind You point five of a second. Pause.”
“I don’t know,” Steve says. “I don’t know which was your first attempt. It didn’t always work properly, I don’t think.”
Steve tucks the letter under the paperweight on his night stand, mingled in with Tony’s laundry note and memos from SHIELD and a picture of his mom he found on the internet. He looks at the calendar on his wall.
Tony unravels Steve’s sweatshirts, laying the gun bare on the desktop, and a bright beam of light shoots down from the ceiling to the desk. Steve watches it zip back and forth over the gun,  weaving a 3D framework of light over the top of it, until movement catches his attention – things on wheels are rolling out from under one of the larger desks, their necks unfolding like strange metal birds.
“Oh, Captain!” She brightens visibly, tapping buttons. “Mr Stark’s elevator is on the far left. It goes right up to the penthouse.”
“They never had any kids,” Tony says again, with a helpless shrug. “No meta does if they can help it. It’s suicide.”
“I promise I’ll invite you to the next apocalypse.” Steve is still watching him, eyebrow raised, so Tony waves a hand and shakes his head. “Stand down, Captain. But you’ll still be our military liaison, right? I know you can liaise; I’ve seen you do it.”
Steve grins, thumbing the ground floor button. The little beeping noise and the rustle the door makes as it slides shut is exactly the same as the ones he knows. “I lived here until a couple years ago. You – or, he, I guess. He let me move in after I came up out of the ice with nowhere to go. It became the Avengers HQ and a superhero hotel all rolled into one, in the end. Avengers Mansion.”
“Stark told Pepper, Pepper told me. Fury mentioned it, too. Congratulations, I think the entirety of SHIELD has a crush on you right now.”
“Butterfingers,” Tony says. “I want you down the far end. Whatever comes outta this gun, you follow it. Not literally, don’t
“You’re up in five,” she says. “Stick to what we’ve prepared, use your common sense and you’ll be fine.”
“Yes, Victoria, it’s ‘really strong.’ Not perfect – who wants to carry things around in battle? You, I guess. And Black Widow has all those scary little knives. Where
He turns and knuckles away towards Clint and Tony. Steve lets out a breath and then draws in another, slowly, and he takes a look around. The basement seems to be a cross between an engineering workshop and a workout room; there are archery targets secured to the wall at the far end, sparring mats on the floor. Tony seems incongruous on the edge of it, sitting at a whole array of desks, with his welding goggles on, pushed up to his forehead so his hair sticks up over the top. He waves Steve over.
Thor grins and then, lifting his head and taking in the team’s expressions, grins even wider. “My friends, you must understand, Asgard is a cooler realm than yours. We have no deserts. Had I not seen it with my own eyes, I would have thought no living thing could dwell in such – such sand and heat. Truly, they’re the plants of warriors.”
Tony snaps his fingers and the computer screen goes dark. He turns on Steve with that effervescent smile.
Steve sighs and then, on the same breath, shaking his head, he starts to laugh. “Sometimes I honestly can’t tell whether you’re paying me a compliment or insulting me.”
“No,” Steve agrees. “But I don’t know if I could stand to watch you do it again. Please... please don’t make me.”
Shielding his eyes, Steve backs up and cranes his neck to watch the light at the very top of tower flare up and launch itself out into the sky. A comet, ascending.
He shifts, stretches, pushing the bed linen down from his face. The air is cool. He opens his eyes and frowns at the clock face in front of him, the gently glowing digits that read 5:27. The room is still dark, but a softer kind of dark than the dark inside his dreams. Rolling over onto his other side, he looks at the shadow of Pepper.
No shoes here, you waste of circuitry, so go away before I put you on the scrapheap – okay, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean that, you’re great. Greatly annoying. Don’t know why I thought I needed cleaner shoes, anyway.”
“Really? You sure? ‘Cause we’re gonna get invited to dinner at the White House sooner or later and I know a place that does a great chilli and chocolate.”
Tony straightens up and turns around as Steve enters the room, moving aside enough for Steve to catch a glimpse of what looks like a microwave in front of them, although Thor remains bent over and keeps on loudly laughing.
Tony waits until Fury has disappeared around the corner. Then he draws in a deep breath, lets it out slowly. Flexing his fingers, he turns back to the conference room door and catches Steve’s eye through the window. Steve’s sitting up straight, staring over everyone’s heads with his expression inscrutable, as if he’d been watching Tony and Fury’s exchange from across the room and through the glass. Tony nods at him. He pushes the door open and four heads whip around to look at him while Steve looks away.
He’s wrapped in darkness. He’s floating in it, as thick and cold and deep as the bottom of the ocean, pressing in around him and creeping inside with every breath. He tries to shout, but his voice makes no sound; tries to touch a hand to his chest, thinking of the light that should be right
Tony grins at her, pulling his communicator out of his pocket. “Something else. Just – give me – a second.”
“Malibu. Company stuff.” Tony waves a hand, knocking sprinkles off his doughnut. “She’s – it’s physically impossible to overstate how much better a CEO she is than I ever was. It turns out there’s actually a buttload of work involved in running a company as awesome as mine! Who knew, right? So she’s – in Malibu, doing that.”
“Wow, congratulations, I think you just discovered a codename that makes even less sense than the one you’ve got.”
So he watches. For a few seconds, there is only the trees and the grass and the night sky, all shades of grainy grey, and then a pair of dark figures step into view. Steve frowns.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Tony says mildly, leaning forwards with his hands on the edge of the conference table. “I think you’ve got me confused with some other guy. You know, some guy who
“Well, okay.” Steve combs his hair with his fingers, brushing the remaining shards out of his hair, and he looks up at the Hulk, adding – when the Hulk remains giant and green and not Dr Banner – “Now?”
“No, it doesn’t, but thank you for pretending. And call me Pepper,” she adds. “I mean it. Ms Potts sounds like someone’s maiden aunt, and god knows I’m neither of those things.”
Tony blinks. His mouth twitches. His body is turning to ice. Picking up the case, Obie bends down and touches, so gently, the side of his face.
bedtime story was that one special time he flew out over enemy territory and watched you jump outta his plane. Sure, maybe Captain America’s the bravest fucking hero this country will ever know, but believe me when I
Snickering, then coughing when it irritates his sore throat, Steve digs through his messy array of coloured pencils – some sharp, some blunt, no two from the same place – and pulls out a medium blue. He begins to gently shade in the tiger’s belly. He feels the mattress shift as Tony peers over his shoulder.
Steve’s expecting to find the penthouse deserted at this hour, but he steps out of the elevator into dim, warm lights. The TV is on with the volume so low Natasha must be lip reading, while sitting on the couch and quietly cleaning her nails with the point of a knife. Next to her, Clint snores softly, his head tipped back and his mouth hanging open, his fingers knitted together over his stomach.
Tony swipes the mic up and shoots Steve a glare. “I’m here. Everything’s fine. Just my, uh, cat startled me. Gotta go now bye,” he finishes off quickly, flipping a series of switches. The radio static cuts off midway through the tinny voice’s sentence and the monitors die down, column by column, with a plaintive hum.
Steve drifts away while Tony does his thing. He leans back against the railing again and watches Clint and Bruce chatting as Bruce puts on the flip flops, too far away and surrounded by the hustle and bustle for Steve to make out their words; Tony signing autographs and posing for pictures and spreading his fingers to show curious kids the most intricate joints. Although everyone had kept their distance from the Hulk, now he’s gone the show seems to be over and the crowd is starting to disperse at last. A few people linger on the peripheries of his vision, pointing and staring at him, and Steve lifts his hand and smiles, though they come no closer.
He trails off. His fingers are moving on the palm of Steve’s hand, again and again. The same, repetitive shapes. S. E.
Steve tugs the cuff out of Tony’s mouth and deftly fastens the other cufflink too, stepping back quickly when Tony raises his eyebrows at him.
Tony salutes him, “Aye aye, Cap,” and then he leaps to his feet, rubbing his hands together. “Enough chitchat. Chile. HYDRA. What have you got for us? Show me the souvenirs.”
“Magic in my heart?” he says. “I like it. You should write my next press release. I mean it. If you ever get bored of the heir to an alien throne gig, we’ll put you in a suit and make you head of PR. Stocks would go through the roof.”
Steve frowns. He climbs up next to the Hulk on the roof of the crushed car – it’s not much above ground level, it’s so flattened, but it’s the best he’s got – and he cups his hands into a makeshift megaphone, and he says, “Come on, folks. I know it’s not easy – heck, I know getting by in a Depression’s not easy, but this isn’t like finding a nickel in the gutter. Money in a bank is money that belongs to someone else. Sure, maybe it’s the bad guys or the folks with plenty to spare, but maybe it’s your friends, or neighbours, or your mom. That $20 you grabbed today could make the difference between whether someone goes hungry or not, later down the line.”
“Holy moly!” Steve exclaims, as the bright blue lines lift up off the panel and expand into the air.
. Hard to miss, right? So now the million dollar question is do they wanna use me as transport or a weapon?”
Tony passes him a pair of ear defenders, with that same bright look in his eyes, and he says, “Of course it’s dangerous. That’s what we’re here for, right?”
She laughs, and then – at Steve’s quizzical look – laughs harder. She shakes her head, waves a hand. “Forget I spoke. I’m sorry, I – I’m not fit for human company today anyway. And I’ve got all this paperwork to sign, so you should just get out while you can.”
He holds the bag out to her, shaking it so the chips rustle enticingly. Hill’s frown deepens. She sits down on the nearest vacant stool and, moving empty coffee cups out of the way, spreads her folders out in front of her. She folds her hands neatly on the tabletop. Ignoring Tony, she turns to Barton and Romanoff with a nod.
Steve cracks an eye open, turning his head against the headboard. Tony rolled fully onto his side at some point in the night, his back to Steve now, his legs curled towards his chest and an arm draped over his face.
I'm sorry this took so long. RL has really not been conducive with writing this year, but it seems there's a light at the end of the writer's block tunnel! Also I made a mix for the fic which I've now posted on tumblr, so you can download that
He’s cut off by the loud cursing of a cameraman at the back of the room. The guy shakes his camera and keeps on cursing, unaware of the heads turning towards him. Thor remains motionless, still frowning at the doors.
Leaning over Tony’s shoulder, Bruce lifts his safety goggles up to rest on his hair and he unfolds his glasses from his shirt pocket, slipping them on to peer at his data. He keeps pens in his shirt pocket, too. He has a
“Works with either hand in either direction, we’re not talking rocket science here. You’re a smart guy, in your own special way. Then, just spread your hands if you wanna expand the schematics, pull for a closer look. Safe mode, JARVIS. For the love of god and science, the safest mode.”
“I mean, I know you think I’m a – a boy scout, and maybe my values seem a little old-fashioned now, but...” Steve shrugs, spreading his hands helplessly. He can see Tony’s eyes following the movement, Tony’s own hands twitching.  “During the war, people were twice as brave as me every day, without the benefit of any lab experiment. I’m nothing special. I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.”
And then his mouth catches up with his ears and, lowering his stylus, he turns to Bruce and says, “Wait, what’s impossible?”
“Well, look what the catfish dragged in,” exclaims an unfamiliar voice as soon as the elevator door opens. There’s a log fire burning, and Steve has to close his eyes for a second as he steps into the penthouse, has to just stop and breathe it in. When he opens his eyes again, there’s a pretty woman with reddish hair walking towards him, hand outstretched. She’s wearing a dress clearly designed for business, but on her feet are fluffy red slippers.
“Right, they’re gonna focus on Thor, because he’s an alien in a funny hat, and me because I’m me, and Cap because he’s...
Steve breathes out slowly. It only takes a moment to reach his decision, then he uncrosses and legs and stands up in one smooth motion. Tony takes a step back and watches him, his eyes wide and his face so readable, waiting for what Steve will say.
Tony is thirty-nine. Tony is pulling apart his bombs to build himself a heart. A heart for his past self. The heart he should have had in the past, people would probably call it.
The room smells of buttered popcorn, and musty upholstery, and warm bodies; it smells of the comfort of childhood. Steve lets his eyes close, just for a moment.
“He’s still on his robotics kick,” Ms Potts says mournfully to Natasha, as if picking up the thread of some conversation they had before Steve arrived. She’s on her fifth mojito. “It’s not that I mind the new robots. Some of them are quite useful. And goodness knows without JARVIS, Tony would probably have died in a horrible, self-inflicted accident by now.”
“Is that all that matters to you?” Steve asks softly. “Is that really all you’re ever going to do? Just keep hiding underground where it’s safe and you can
“I never punched you!” Steve protests, but he passes the man his handkerchief automatically. He rolls the pebble between his fingers.
The descent is just a brief one. The elevator beeps again when it reaches the bottom, the floor settling into place. Tony taps in the final exit code on the black console panel. It ripples into green one last time before the colour seeps away entirely, the panel blending seamlessly into its white surroundings, and a crack forms down the middle of the wall; a pair of automatic doors that glide open before him.
“Good to see you too, buddy,” Steve says, massaging the feeling back into his fingers. “What tradition? Micro-waving?”
“I mean,” he tells the open air, “I’ve known you for, what? Two weeks. I could have just kept you in a block of ice and we’d be safe now, but I didn’t, and already you make me feel like things could change. Maybe you’re the reason why the Avengers in your world held together, and why Tony Stark’s still Iron Man. Maybe your world took so much longer to fall apart because you were there. But you weren’t
“I don’t think I could have imagined that.” Steve smiles wryly. “But I couldn’t have imagined the internet or reality TV either.”
“It is an honour,” Thor says cheerfully, because nobody, not even Fury, could kill him and make it look like an accident.
Steve sighs. While Tony stands and waits, his arms spread wide, Steve paces slowly around him. He scans the floor and then drifts over to the desk, looks over the mess on it and picks out Tony’s narrowest screwdriver.
“The one and only,” Tony says, staring pointedly at Barton. “Captain America. Big, blonde, national treasure. Cap.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony murmurs. He’s still smiling a little when Steve looks up at him, a rueful twist to his lips. “I think you might have ended up in the one universe worse than your own.”
Tony is thirty-nine. His hands are covered in scars. Beneath the scars, he’s learning, they’re covered in blood.
“Sure,” he says. “It was good. I figure not many folks outside the police force get to say they helped stop a bank robbery.”
Clint has the decency to at least pretend to look contrite. “The big guy and me just thwarted a bank robbery, Cap,” he says. “No peace for the wickedly cool.”
“Oh,” Steve says. “I almost forgot. Pepper asked me to remind you, uh, the board wants the designs on-”
Steve’s smile shifts slightly, not quite dimming, and he says, “Well, it’s been a surprise. But it sure is interesting. I thought there’d be more flying cards by now, for starters.”
Tony stares at Steve, eyes narrowed, as if he’s trying to will a curse word past Steve’s lips with the power of his mind. Steve only clenches his jaw tighter, meeting his gaze unflinchingly until Tony huffs out an amused breath and looks away.
For the first time since his parents died, he thinks of the story another Tony had told him almost thirty years ago. He’d forgotten about it. The other Tony had had a light in his chest then too.
“You’ve been kinda...” Tony shrugs, looks away. He waves a hand at Steve’s face. “Quiet. Long-faced. Downhearted. Since you got back from Peru with that headfuck of a gun.”
Natasha inclines her head in agreement. She unfolds herself from her seat on the couch, her movements so smooth that even with one hand incapacitated and the other hand full, the ice in her glass barely rattles as she stands. She nods to Steve, quirks an eyebrow at Tony as she passes them by.
Tony pulls his hand away at last. He raps his knuckles against the arc reactor through his shirt, and then spreads his hand over it. He looks down at the back of his hand, the faint blue light between his fingers.
“Yeah, I guess you’re kinda the world expert on... things to do Denver when you’re not as dead as you thought.”
“Right.” She pecks him on the cheek, smoothing her hand down his shirt, and adds, “I should get back to work too.”
He wipes a hand through the condensation, leaving a thick, curving stripe of mirror behind, his eyes and half his face staring out at him through it. With his thumb, Steve adds more lines – which become legs, a tail, pricked up ears – until he’s drawn a cat in the mirror, sprawled as if it’s basking in front of the fire. There’s a secretive look in its eyes, already melting away.
“Yeah.” Tony smiles wryly. “And now Norman Osborne’s our evil overlord, Hank’s dead, Reed’s so deep in the prison system he might never get out, and I go to AA meetings in disguise.”
