Don’t be daft, of course, he wanted you… It’s just Mr. Upstairs-Brain that’s messing this up. ‘Feelings’ were never Dean’s strong point. He has always had emotional constipation.
Castiel angrily swipes at the tears that had risen in his eyes, he shakes himself. Balthazar could be back at any moment, he can’t afford to waste time feeling sorry for himself. Hastily, he strides back to the kitchen, he roots through the cupboards and drawers until he finds a black bin bag, then he returns to the drawer and tosses everything into the bag, except his driving license which he pockets. He finds some cash by Balthazar’s bed and takes that too.
“Sure,” says Castiel, not like he has a choice after all. Balthazar would never allow Castiel to get a job anywhere else. He’d offered him shifts at his bar, he said it was so that Castiel could get out of the house a little, so that he wouldn’t get bored but Castiel knew that really it was to keep an eye on him, to keep him close by, even during his ‘freedom’ Balthazar was always there, holding Castiel’s metaphorical strings, playing him like a puppet. Always there, always watching, even when he wasn’t.
Castiel sweeps across the room and cups Dean’s face in his hands, “Not at all. Dean, don’t think that. I’m not leaving to punish you, something has come up that requires my attention, that’s all.”
He should have planned this better, he should have been prepared but he couldn’t pass up this opportunity. He had to try and get Dean away. Balthazar would never allow Dean to live…
"We were just talking - seems we both have had run-ins with people we dislike recently and he said he was feeling a bit shitty about it and I said I was too and he put that he could use a drink, and I said I didn’t see myself drinking for a while, jokingly and he just said, so I guess seeing if you wanted to meet up for a drink and a chat in person is a bad idea right now then?"
“Yes!” Dean’s hands are duct-taped behind him, resting on the small of his back. His ankles are buckled down and his body is resting over the table. Castiel is circling behind him, a black paddle in his hand. He stares at Dean's ass hungrily with his eyebrow quirked in dominating interest.
Castiel looked at him, his head tilted to one side and then realized what he’d said "Oh no... Sorry. I didn't mean to make you feel bad... I was just... I don't even know. Wallowing?"
Castiel had quietly closed the door behind Dean and sat on the edge of the bed thinking… He felt foolish, but then… All day Dean had been giving off signals that seemed to express he cared… The rushing in to help him when he’d shouted him, him purchasing the till from Castiel’s shop and having it restored to its former gleaming glory, bringing him to Sam’s and making sure he was never without a drink, never left out. The small smiles, the light touches… and he’d said hadn’t he… that he did want it… So, why had he backed out? Was it really just down to what had happened Balthazar?
Balthazar’s smile slips and he frowns as Castiel leans over him, whispering quickly, “Dean’s alive. He’s going to make it, you didn’t stop him, you can’t control him, or me...” Castiel shakes one of Balthazar’s handcuffs against the bed, “You can’t do anything and the only reason I haven’t done this sooner is that I was deciding how quick to make it, you’ll never know how lucky you are that Dean survived.”
Taking a deep breath she walked into the store. It was massive, you could probably have fitted half a dozen heavens library's in it, at least. She looked around, it wasn't homely like heavens library, but it was still beautiful. Bright and warmly lit. Classy. She wondered around taking it all in. She hadn't been into the store before, Dean hadn't even really interviewed her or Garth, he said he'd seen how they worked when he'd visited heaven's library and that was good enough for him. Also, he had said that Castiel had given them glittering recommendations. She eventually made her way to the staff room after asking another member of staff where she should go.
"Whatever you say, Conan. OK man, I'll call you in the morning to give you some warning time for when we are coming over," said Sam.
But as both there careers had begun to take off, what was a passionate relationship turned in to a comfortable partnership. These days they seemed more like friends who lived together and happened to share a bed. Dean couldn't remember the last time they had done anything more intimate than kiss and what was worse... he didn't care. He had a feeling that his 'relationship' with Lisa was drawing to a close, but with his new store opening and her newest book deals being finalized, he hadn't said anything to her about it yet. He would miss her, perhaps they could even remain friends. She was someone you could always rely on for dinner parties or business engagements, punctual, polite - but if he ever tried to talk to her about something outside of business she would start to get this glazed over expression like she'd left the room in her mind and was headed back to her office.
After setting up the enclosures, he went about finding the animals. It wasn’t easy but he managed it. Bringing them all back and sneaking them into the garage of the bunker with Sam and Dean none the wiser. Once the animals were all settled and fed, Castiel took out his list once more… This was where things got really, really tricky.
Dean squeezed his eyes closed and tried to concentrate. The terror that was screaming its way around his body was putting him off, he's shaking, feeling freezing cold but at the same time sweating profusely.
"But what?" Charlie pushed "Oh... You don't think he would, because... uh..." Charlie chewed her lip thoughtfully.
He slows down, walking carefully and moving branches out of his way, stepping over tree roots that were sticking out from the ground, getting closer and closer to the sounds of sirens. He stops suddenly when he spots the flashing lights through the trees and crouches down, watching. There is Sam Winchester’s car, the front smoking where it wrapped around the trunk of a tree. The windshield is cracked and a lower branch from the tree had gone through it into the car.
Sam smiled “Yeah, driving me and Jess round the bend a little, but they’re good. What are you doing?”
From then on Castiel instigated things with Dean every few days, trying to build up Dean’s trust in him and his sexual appetite. Whilst they were out to dinner one afternoon, Castiel mentions to Dean that maybe they could try having sex, if Dean felt ready for it, of course. Dean frowns down into his pie thinking, when he looks up, ready to tell Castiel that he isn’t sure if he can do that yet, the look on Castiel’s face is so hopeful that Dean just gives him a small smile and nods.
Castiel's first thought was not what are you doing here, or how do you know where I live.. but instead he looked at Dean tilting his head. "Dean..." He called "Are you wearing pajamas?"
“I told you I would.” says Dean weakly, as his other hand comes up too. He pushes his fingers through the gaps in the fence to touch the side of Castiel’s face. It’s not quite cupping his face but it’s as close as he can get to it given the awkward angle.
Balthazar looked at Castiel's face, his eyes closing as he stepped towards him dropping to his knees in front of him and his fingers fumbling at the front of Balthazar's pants.
Saw this really cute guy jogging today, he had legs like tree trunks and this pair of little black shorts that fit really snug on his ass... He was panting and sweaty as he jogged by, our eyes met for like a split second... I swear my heart stopped in my chest...
"This place is fancy" Noted Castiel, but Balthazar huffed at him and he fell silent, wondering why they had bothered to come when Balthazar clearly didn't want to be here.
If… I… should stay… I would only... be in your way… So, I’ll go… but I know… I’ll think of you, every step of… the wayyyyyyyyyy…….. And I------------- will always, love you--------
The next day, Castiel had tried again to get Dean to eat, but Dean had shut down. Lying still and quiet all day, docile. Which was why Castiel had forgone the sedatives… When he’d uncuffed Dean to let him use the toilet, Dean had attacked him. Castiel was quicker though, skills acquired by years of practice and experience overpowering strong men. He’d had Dean in a chokehold within a matter of seconds. When Dean had slipped from his arms, unconscious, he’d hit his face on the ground.
“Did you tell him that I forced you?” Castiel’s expression is one of heartbreak and Dean hurries to reassure him.
"Oh! He could be the next person to walk into the store," said Charlie excitedly, at which moment the door opened and a thin, tall man entered "Oh - he could be Garth!" said Charlie eyes widening as she turned to look at her co-worker Garth who had just entered the store, "Hey Garth - our you into online dating?"
Castiel had got home from work, made a little note to remind him to get coffees for Charlie and Garth in the morning and grabbing his laptop from his desk, allowed himself to be almost swallowed by the squishy armchair in the living room. He rolled his head on his shoulders with his eyes closed, stretched his arms in front of him and sighed. Then he pulled the laptop up into a comfortable position and opened it, waiting for it to load. He had a message from 'Win67' He started reading it with a small smile on his face...
"Coming" Shouted Dean grabbing his wallet and walking out to meet Sam. They took a cab to the bar and as Dean got out his stomach turned. He looked at Sam "Erm.."
A shard of it fly's into Dean’s face, cutting his eyebrow. Balthazar falls forward, unconscious on top of Dean, who grunts under the man's dead weight. Dean struggles to push Balthazar off him and looks up with wide eyes at Castiel.
"I'm glad you understand me, Garth. You did not see me this evening, right?" Balthazar had squared right up to Garth, who looked him right in the eyes, "If you say anything about me to Castiel, you will be sorry, now go. Your date is waiting for you."
Dean's eyes shine at the offer. He licks his lips and nods, downing the rest of his drink quickly, eager Castiel notes. Castiel smiles. He pushes his glass away from him, still half full and moves toward Dean.
"It's not like just any old till... it's old and Cas loves it, but he thinks he is going to have to sell it..." Said Charlie gravely “The shop was passed down to him from his mom you know? I think it’s a family thing. Special to him…” Dean was about to say something else when Charlie suddenly gasped "Oh my god, look, guys, isn't that the Doctor from that night... Bobby... No Benny?"
Dean’s mouth opens and closes, his brain seems to be short-circuiting, his heart is hammering in his chest painfully, Castiel’s eyes are locked onto his, the air is thick with heat and tension… and Castiel finally starts to move closer to Dean and everything comes to a screeching halt…
Where before there had been a respectable distance between them, there was now none. Castiel's arm was hanging over Dean's chest and he could feel his warm steady breath tickling the hairs on the back of his neck. An involuntary shudder snaked its way down his spine. His every sense was suddenly on high alert and he realized with a jolt that he could feel the thick, hard cock of his best friend pressing against his ass.
“Only my pride,” He said with a half smile "I was walking away when he went for Garth and as I was helping Garth back to his feet, he went for Charlie and then Dean appeared from nowhere... I just stood there... like an idiot"
The next image, makes Dean gag. It's clear that it was taken in the very room that Dean was sat in. Dean's eyes take it all in at once, his blood feels like ice traveling through his veins.
He watched as the cab pulled away, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and out with it came a little piece of card with the Doctor's number on it.
Castiel smiles as one of Dean’s thumbs brush over his cheek, wiping away the tears, “I am happy Dean, that’s why I’m crying…”
Dean stayed behind with Sam and the kids “Alright guys, uncle Dean’s friend Castiel is going to be spending Thanksgiving with us, be polite, don’t be nosy and most of all… Do not let him win games night later on… Ok?”
even though technically he wasn’t - he just... is. Heck, even some of the demons they’d taken on had known that, he suspected that even Amara and Chuck had known that. How could Castiel suddenly… just… not seem to know? Okay, so Dean hasn’t actually ever actually said it, out loud, to anyone but…
Castiel’s eyes darken as he remembers the pained look on Dean’s bloodied face as he was dragged away, “He can try…”
Some of the ladies dancing wished him good luck, some of the farmers told him where to stick it, but he didn't mind he reasoned that you couldn’t win over everyone. He just wanted to win over Dean. He hoped he’d done enough to show the hunter just how important he was to him…
Castiel’s eyes are blown wide with shock and fear, his stomach turns as he feels Balthazar's hands on him “Bal… Stop it. What are you…”
“You get the hell out of New York. I don’t care where you go or how you get there. You just go and you don’t come back, you will not get a second warning.”
"I should have done this the other night" Said Dean angrily, spying Castiel's shocked face somewhere in the group of people behind Balthazar for a second, before his eyes fell back on Balthazar as he said
“I’m not an angel anymore, I’m human.” says Castiel suddenly, pulling Dean out of his inner monologue.
He set down his now empty bottle, carefully keeping his eyes down as he watched the familiar dress shoes appear at the edge of his vision. One look in those stunning blues and he’d do something drastic and stupid; like dropping to his knees in front of Castiel and begging him not to go.
“What? No… You should take the spare room… You’re their family” Said Castiel surprised. He already felt like he'd been imposing on a family occasion, he didn't want to inconvenience Dean further.
He stood up angry with himself and tossed the laptop back on to the armchair, refusing to even look at it now - like it had betrayed him. He went to the toilet and then came back into the living room, stood next to the armchair but refusing to look down, he shook his head and walked away - 'nope' he thought going to the fridge and opening it, he stood in front of it for almost a minute before he actually started to see what was in it. He pulled out a packet of sandwich meat, chicken. He found himself remembering the words of 'Win67' 'I was craving meat, juicy meat'.
It had happened. They both had seen it. Their faces seemed to perfectly mirror each other's alarm as someone had asked them, "So when are you two going to tie the knot?"
As they went back into the store Charlie closed the door behind them, she watched Castiel as he walked over to the counter.
His sickening words, his hellish actions… abusing Dean. All to save him and he couldn’t even tell Dean why… He hadn’t dared risk Balthazar hearing him comfort Dean. Castiel couldn’t have left before, Balthazar had pictures of Castiel killing for him, pictures of him raping Mick Davis… If Castiel had run away… He would have not only Balthazar looking for him, probably trying to kill him… He would have had the police after him too. He would have been running… for the rest of his life.
Castiel’s sitting awkwardly in the front seat of his car, looking through the photo album of him and Dean. His fingers trace around the outline of Dean’s smile softly. Castiel sighs and looks out of his car window, the sun is just starting to rise and again, he has barely slept. How could he sleep whilst not knowing if Dean is alive or dead?
“You there?” he calls out, his voice hasty and a strange mix of a whisper and shout. Like he doesn’t want his voice to carry too far but hopefully it’s loud enough to reach the intended set of ears.
“Secondly… I couldn’t bear it - not seeing you again. I hated seeing him hurt you. I hated having to sneak around. I hated that we were kept apart like animals in cages. Having to steal moments together. I just wanted to be with you.”
Charlie frowns at Balthazar, how the hell did he know about Dean liking Castiel? Thinking quickly, Charlie lies “You know what, not that it is any of your business but yeah, they are dating… face it, the only way Castiel is ever coming back to you is if a blast of semen catapults him out of his room and across the street. He and Dean are good together, so fuck off and leave it alone”
'Sorry, I didn't message back last night. Hope you didn't get force fed anything green. You can vent to me whenever you like - shopboy" He sent this very short message and closed the laptop. He didn't want to seem like he was ignoring 'Win67' but he was more focused right now on him and Balthazar 'As I should be' He thought to himself. He pulled a notepad from the draw and decided to leave Balthazar a note.
Dean just had a way of lightening his mood, without really even trying. He wasn’t going to allow Dean to give him money, he could buy breakfast if he wanted but that was enough. Castiel wanted to help and that’s all there was to it…
John and Ellen looked past Dean to Castiel and smiled “Yeah,” Said Ellen “The book guy” This makes Dean smile to himself, thinking that that could be Castiel’s new handle, instead of ‘Shopboy’.
Balthazar turns his head from the door back to face Castiel whose pale and shaking now… The sheer rage in Balthazar’s face is terrifying. Castiel meets his eyes, searching them wildly, he hears what sounds like Dean’s footsteps turning away. He needs help, now… He moves his head quickly to the side, getting his teeth around Balthazar’s finger and biting down harshly on it and then he shouts…
“I will, I’ll be bringing ice cream, so if you have ‘fat pants’ hidden away somewhere, you may want to dig them out,”
Today, Castiel had helped Dean bathe, he’d helped him into his suit, straightening his tie for him and telling him how handsome he looked.
Dean didn't know who had started it, not really, it had just happened so naturally, like it was always going to and there was nothing he could have done to stop it... Had he made the first move? Had it been Castiel? Did it even matter? Probably not. It had happened and things would never be the same...
As he speaks, Castiel raises his fingers to grip at Dean’s neck, “You should know how special you are… that it is my desire for you to live. No man has ever had this effect on me before, you are truly a rose in a city of weeds.”
“Dean has suffered trauma to the base of his skull which has led to damage in the hippocampus region, causing retrograde amnesia. This has heavily affected his explicit memory.”
WOO. We made it! So much for 'it's only a one-shot' hahaa. I just want to thank everyone who has been reading along and leaving such amazing comments. They really do help to keep the motivation going! Love to you all!!! <3
In true Dean Winchester fashion, he had been sulking about it (rather than doing anything about it) since he’d found out. He’d noticed over the past few days how often Castiel would sit on his phone, smiling to himself as he replied to whatever cringe worthy texts that slimeball Dale had sent him. Dean would never admit to peeking over the angel’s shoulder that one time, and nearly scoffing out loud at the winky face emoji Dale had sent him and the…
"Ah-ah. We already played that game... Now, you can let go... Or I will have to make you let go." he warned.
It was the shock of it, or maybe the blase way Dean had responded to him, but he suddenly felt a hot anger burn through him and he couldn’t stop himself… "You... Why did you come into my shop? Was it to humiliate me further? Putting store owners out of business isn't good enough for you? You want to see the ship sink yourself?" Castiel didn't know what was happening to him, he wanted so badly to shut up, but he felt so foolish, so tricked... All his fears about losing his shop, the shop his mother had passed down to him, were all rushing at him at once. He had kept them bottled away since first hearing the rumors of a Winchester Super Store, but here they all were spilling out of him for everyone to see.
“Balthazar…” Says Castiel weakly as he struggles to his feet “I don’t even know who you are anymore…”
Dean peered around the room inside... Then took a step back, frozen. Sam looked at him "Well?" He asked
Balthazar had left Michael's apartment, really pissed off. Michael had point blank refused to talk about the possibility of him leaving his wife and he and Balthazar had spent the last couple of hours having a heated row about it until finally, Michael had told him to leave. Balthazar checked his watch as he walked down the street, he would be home early, but then he remembered, Castiel wouldn't even be at home. He was going out tonight... possibly with Garth. With his relationship with Michael now in question, he couldn’t lose Castiel.  Balthazar pulled out his phone and typed a message to Castiel quickly.
“Of course,” Charlie says the smile clear in her voice “We still on for Friday night? You know you’re welcome to come and stay at mine if you want, in case you’re worried about him turning up?”
"You're an arsehole Balthazar," said Garth before turning, but as he did Balthazar grabbed him by the wrist and squeezed it tightly.
He gets in his car and pulls out of the driveway, heading into the city towards Balthazar's bar, 'The Lower Angel'.
Dean left work that day, feeling happy that he could finally call his brother and tell him that his office in the store had been completed. He hadn't expected to be roped into babysitting his niece and nephew the next day so that Sam could go into the store to check his office and set it up with all his personal effects... Jess was at her mother's for the weekend and Sam had been left with the kids.
Soon they pulled up outside Heavens Library and Castiel got out of the cab "I'm going to one ring you in a minute so you know my number, and Dean... If you need anything... You can call me. Thank you again for stepping in earlier, I’m sorry you got hurt in the process though" He smiled down at Dean Winchester, twelve hours ago he thought this man was a heartless money grabbing a suit, and that Balthazar was finally coming back to him... Funny how things work out.
"I’m a bit sore," confessed Dean quietly as he closed the door behind him but then he climbed into bed next to Castiel. He lifted Castiel's arm up, tucking himself under it and against his friend - lover... "We're better than 'good' Cas..." He kissed the back of Castiel's hand and closed his eyes, "I'm taking you for a drive tomorrow. Just me and you."
Castiel's eyes glisten as he stares at Dean, silently waiting for him to look at him again before he responds. When Dean does finally look up, slightly pale and nervous looking Castiel smiles...
"Yes" Smiled Castiel, grateful that he wasn’t stuck with an awkward - ‘who are you?’  "How did your niece and nephew like their books?" He asked with interest.
"Well, I'm not going in there. We're putting that guy out of a job Dean... He is gonna hate us" Said Sam flagging down a passing cab and turning back to Dean as he opened the door "You want dropping off?"
‘Crap, there goes that escape’. Dean nodded not wanting to be rude and allowed the man to take a couple of the bags from him and lead him to the table. Dean's stomach twisted when he saw a copy of The New York Times on the table, open to the page 'Winchester Super Store Opening October 1st'. His face must have given something away as the other man pulled the paper up from the table and scrunched it up in his free hand, "Sorry, about the rubbish." He said before gently putting Dean's bags down on the table.
Balthazar leans closer to Dean, “He is a pretty thing, isn’t he? Sam? Such wonderfully youthful pliant skin…”
“Your name is Castiel, you own me and you just want me to be happy. My brother's name is Sam. Sam is not here, you are. It’s your cock inside me, I’m not thinking about Sam and I don’t wish he was here...”
Dean turned around to see who had spoken to him and was greeted by a dazzling warm smile, the man who had spoken to him had thick black spiky hair and a shade of stubble, he was dressed in a suit that landed somewhere between smart and casual and as Dean met his eyes, he was instantly struck by just how blue they were.
And I'm so sick of love songs. So tired of tears. So done with wishing you were still here. Said I'm so sick of love songs so sad and slow……
"Yeah. I won't be in much longer today, just have to make sure Sammy's office is set up this afternoon, the workmen seem to be taking forever getting it finished and he keeps nagging at me if it's done yet. Think he is annoyed that they finished mine first." said Dean with a little grin.
Dean thought back for a moment, he’d been living with Lisa last year, they’d eaten her burnt turkey with two bottles of wine and then… “Yeah, I remember…” Said Dean softly.
“You’re so fucking beautiful, Dean. You deserve this, so let go and take it. You’ve been so good for me. I want to see you come apart.”
bad times. Dean, whose longing for him, he could feel like a cool breeze blowing on his skin but who had crushed it into that unreachable place inside of him and willfully ignored it for years. Dean for whom he had defied heaven and given up an army. Dean who he had saved from hell and died in order to protect… Dean, who had said nothing when he told him he was going to leave to join Dale.
Castiel’s fingers trace over Dean’s fresh red scar gently and he smiles up at Dean, his voice breaking as he says quietly, “I’m so glad you’re home, I’m so glad you came back to me… I’ve been thinking about you, every day. Missing you like crazy, every day. It’s not been the same here without you. There’s been a space in my bed and my heart where you belonged and I finally get to have you back. I feel like I’m awake again, because you’re here with me.”
“Oh, don’t look at me like that sweetheart, I brought you something for your head…” Castiel holds up a bottle of water and a white tablet and Dean’s eyes go wide, “No, no love… This is just for the pain, I mean I ought not to give you anything, you were very naughty last night, weren’t you? But, as I’m sure you’ve worked out by now… I’m a bit of a softy. When it comes to you, anyway.”
“I’m alright, thank you, Dean… Today was, despite how it began… very nice. You’re brother and his family are very generous people.”
Castiel paused thinking "Yeah. Actually, I'm feeling alright now. I think that I just needed some water"
Castiel pulled the laptop up against his legs a bit more so it would be steady as he typed. 'Sorry to hear you and your girlfriend broke up'
Castiel chewed his lip for a moment before pulling the laptop towards him. He positioned it so that Charlie could still see it.
"Did you not hear me last night? I told you not to come here, not to come near me ever again!" Said Castiel suddenly his anger was bubbling, the sheer arrogance of this man.
"You hate glitter, and you have been in this weird dreamy mood all day.. oh.. oh my god. You got laid?" she asked grinning widely, "Well, it's about time..."
"Shhh... let me make it up to you, OK?" He looked up at Balthazar, waiting for him to open his eyes, as he did he said "Please"
to die. This is good, Dean, really good... because I find much greater joy in taking the life of someone who wants to live.”
"Dean, are you sure?" Castiel whispered, as he rested his forehead against Dean's back, "Are you sure you want this...?"
A few moments later and Castiel came back with two coffees and sat across from her, sliding her coffee across the table toward her.
"Who? Castiel?" Asked Dean feeling that maybe he could understand it from Castiel, he was, after all, going to be putting the man out of a job and he could understand how it looked that he’d visited his shop…
“Aren’t you going to… ya know? Do something. I get it - a cock up the butt feels great - but don’t you… ya know, want some action of your own?”
While Jack is busy stabilising heaven by creating new angels, offering them a choice that they can stay and help him rebuild a safer heaven or they can go to earth and seek out their own journeys, helping people. Chuck is being arrested for shoplifting food - because yeah, one of Jack’s first acts with his new powers was to wipe out the Supernatural books and erase the fact that they ever existed in order to give Sam, Dean and Castiel their privacy back, leaving Chuck with no money, or fans.
Castiel reaches out a cool hand, and cups his cheek, "No. I enjoy you too much. You're like a perfect doll, so beautiful, so delectable... I mean, this is all really your doing, isn’t it? You cast a spell on me and I suddenly can’t be without you. I'm keeping you."
Thank you for reading and commenting. The positive response to this story has kinda blown me away. Much Love =) <3
Castiel wakes up in a good mood, he gets up out of bed and takes a long shower, then sits at his desk with only a towel wrapped around his waist and pulls his computer toward him. He opens up a fresh document and begins to list ideas for stories. After half an hour his stomach rumbles at him and he walks into his kitchen, he fills the kettle to make a coffee and looks in the fridge for something for breakfast.
A comfortable silence turned the night into morning and the brothers stirred and set off back toward the bunker.
“The bit where you said… you can’t have what you want.” Dean looks away, struggling to find words, struggling to silence the side of himself that has always fought against this moment… “I meant it, Cas, every time I said you were family, every time I said you’re my best friend, I meant it and I will always mean it. But… you mean so much more than that to me.”
He got into bed and realized. He hadn't messaged 'Win67' back. Weirdly he felt proud of himself. And hopeful that maybe he and Balthazar would be able to rekindle their romance after all...
Castiel nods, trying not to look too nervous? Excited? He stands up slowly, “Yes, I better get them. Needs to be done tonight.”
"I'm fine" Said Garth very unconvincingly and not meeting Castiel’s eyes "Didn't get a lot of sleep this weekend, is all"
"Have you got everything?" Asked Castiel from the bed as he lay watching Balthazar packing some clothes into a suitcase. He’d buried his resentment quickly when Balthazar had told him about this work trip.
Dean glanced at the door, he could get into trouble if he told this man the truth and he exposed him for it...
“Oh?” Castiel was about to ask where Balthazar was, but then another thought struck him… Surely, this was an opportunity. The inside of the bar and the flat upstairs were the only places that Balthazar didn’t have cameras. Castiel knew that Balthazar had kept the possessions from his life before this nightmare had started, he’d searched the house and found nothing. They had to be here. If Castiel could get upstairs into Balthazar’s flat… Maybe he could find them… Maybe he could steal those things back. Then he could take Dean and leave… He could escape.
Garth looked at him "So he had a girlfriend when you started talking and he knows you are with someone... Sounds like you are just friends then, is he even into guys?"
"Yeah... Which I plan to drink, while I wait for my fishbowl" Castiel stumbled away towards the bar.
Dean clenched his jaw, suddenly starting to move toward where Castiel and Luke were dancing. He pushed his way through the crowd on the dance floor, marching over with determination on his face. Castiel turned his face away to hide a smug smile but continued to move against Luke, pretending not to notice Dean.
"Good morning," says Castiel brightly as he gets out of bed to go and brush his teeth in the bathroom.
In the center of the room, hanging from the ceiling was a shower, Dean notices that the ground is raised towards the sides of the room and there is a grid in the center of the floor. There is nothing he can use as a weapon, but he does grab the towel from the hanger on the back of the door, he wraps it around his elbow tightly and steps toward the small wet rooms window.
And what did I do? I pretended I was going to squirt him with my hose… Fuck Sake Dean, get a grip, what am I twelve? He’s probably going to change the route he runs now, to avoid the crazy dude who stares - almost fucking drools over him - any time he passes. Ah well, he can’t run out of my ‘spank bank’. ;-)
Ignoring his doubts he reverses out of the parking space but he can’t bring himself to go back yet, he can’t face Dean yet. He drives across the street, parking outside of Balthazar’s bar, The Lower Angel. He heads into the bar, so distracted by worries that Dean would find out what he’d done that he doesn’t notice the tall man standing at the bar, he doesn’t hear him speaking to the waitress Meg, he doesn’t even recognize the address she gives him as his own… Well, it isn’t really. It’s Balthazar’s house.
"Well good, don't do it. The minute you do, they lose all respect for you," she said in a matter of fact tone.
'Thank you for last night. Food was great and felt good to spend some time together, just us, relaxing. Sorry for waking you up, there's coffee in the pot, C x'
“You’re not an angel… You ass.” sneers Dean choking the man under his steadfast grip, “You’re just a man…”
“Dean…?” Castiel’s voice quakes as he looks into Dean’s eyes, his face is speckled with blood and his breathing comes in quick little gasps, looking down at his chest, Castiel can see the telltale claw marks of a hellhound… “Dean… No…”
The usual slam of the bunker door closing, as the brothers passed over the threshold, was drowned out in a sea of screams and cheers. For a moment Dean’s hand flicked over to his gun, before his eyes caught up with what his ears were telling him… They were here. They were all here.
Actually, that would be me. Forgot about me? Did you… I’m not surprised… I haven't seen any action in over a year. You know you’re really letting us down… right?
Sam busied himself with breakfast as Dean made coffee. He was still pissed about his boat, more so even at the thought that maybe Balthazar had thought he was in it at the time, but now somehow getting to spend a week with Castiel, things didn't seem quite so bad...
Dean feels Castiel holding on to him and closes his eyes for a moment, feeling the warmth of happiness spread through him “You’re welcome, come on let’s get it inside”
Lisa Braeden is a strong, smart and successful book editor. She's always wearing smart dark grey pantsuits and crisp clean white shirts. Her hair is always tied up in a lose looking (but secretly held in place with copious amounts of hairspray) bun. Her heels are low and classy and her handbag is more practical than a fashion statement.
Balthazar wouldn’t allow Castiel to feel that bliss until he was truly convinced that he would feel it in its entirety. When Castiel had finally been ready, Balthazar had showered him in affection, he’d bathed him, fed him, smoothed massaging oils into his bruise faded skin and then… He’d taken him on a journey up the highest mountain, a journey to sensuality, he’d brought him to that highest peak with his mouth and his fingers and then, finally, pushed him over that edge and into heaven on his throbbing cock.
“Well, he kind of… saved us…” Said Castiel thinking how best to describe that night with Balthazar outside The Triangle “He put himself between, me and my friends and Balthazar… and got injured as a result…”
"Shit," said Dean, scrambling to get up, "Back in a sec..." Dean disappeared from his room and darted across the landing to the bathroom. He needed to wash his come soaked hands and cock. He hastily washed and wiped his dick with a wad of toilet paper, flushing it down the toilet. He opened the door and moved to cross the landing back to his room when...
Their lips connected in a soft kiss, that made Castiel feel as though he was melting. He brought his hands up to card through Dean's hair and when they pulled apart he slid one hand down the side of Dean's face, his fingertip trailing over Dean's lip slowly.
Disbelieving him Dean shakes his head, “No… you left me alone to punish me, now you’re leaving me alone again, so I must have done something wrong! Please, please don’t go?”
He peers out the window and frowns as he sees Lisa stood there. He taps on the window and holds up one finger, the ‘I’ll be one-sec’ signal. Lisa nods and waits for him to climb up and off the boat.
"But... you have something going with that guy over there? Right?" He asked and Castiel blinked in surprise.
“Ohhhh, is that how he hurt his ribs? He wouldn’t tell exactly me what happened” Said Lisa thoughtfully.
Dean sips his drink as he walks, following Castiel into his room, he sits next to him on his bed. Castiel puts his glass down on the bedside table, then he shifts back on the bed, positioning himself behind Dean. He begins to rub Dean’s shoulders as he takes another sip of his drink.
Dean moves toward him, the fires of lust burning in his eyes. He leans in slowly, lips parting as they capture Castiel's. Castiel parts his own lips and groans as Dean's soft and warm tongue slides into his mouth, Castiel bites down on it, not too hard but he makes sure Dean feels it as he presses himself against him, crotch to crotch, chest to chest.
Before he allowed himself to get lost in it, Castiel breathed into Dean's neck whispering, "Don't let me hurt you, tell me ok? If you need me to stop."
Castiel felt both pleased and guilty when he saw that Luke looked outraged, "Hey, the fuck you think you're doing?"
Balthazar doesn’t wait for Dean to answer him, he climbs down from the bed, he tucks himself back into his trousers and walks to the door, turning back to Dean as he reaches it, he smiles that same disturbing smile that chills Dean’s blood and sneers, “Don’t go away.”
Castiel smiles to himself, not turning back to Dean as he says, "I'm glad you like it." He reaches his cabinet and takes out two glasses, gets some ice from the freezer and pours two drinks, whiskey with ice for Dean and wine for himself. Then he hands Dean his drink and leads him to his bedroom.
"Call the police. Does he have a key to your place?" Asked Dean feeling awful that Castiel was now fearful to even go home.
Dean had called Sam and with Castiel’s permission told him a very basic version of what had happened… Sam had agreed that Castiel shouldn’t be alone and was more than welcome to join them at his house and could stay the night if he would feel safer. Castiel had packed a small bag, fresh clothing for the next day, his toothbrush, his laptop and not wanting to turn up empty handed he found a bottle of wine in the kitchen to take with him for Sam and Jess.
Sam began offering his two children things for breakfast and watched Dean from the corner of his eye, it could be a work thing, there would be a sale starting today in the store…
Castiel found himself wanting to ask ‘Win67’ to meet up. For some reason he’d kept putting it off, was it fear? Had Balthazar ruined his trust in people? Or was it something else… Like how sometimes, when he went to message ‘Win67’ he’d think about Dean… And what Benny had said. He’d put off looking too closely at that too. He still wasn’t sure what he felt for Dean… Yes, Dean was good looking and kind… But he was still the reason Castiel was out of a job, but the store hadn’t just been ‘a job’ though… It had been his last connection to his mother and losing the store, felt like losing her again. It hurt on a deeper level. Coupled with the break down of his relationship with Balthazar, it had made him feel rather lonely…
The last thing Dean remembers before passing out... Was the merman sinking his teeth into the meat of Dean's leg... and an unbearable pain ripping through him as scales begin to cover his legs, which closed together into one long appendage.
Castiel suddenly typed out 'Are you straight?" And then deleted it again right away - that was far too forward, not to mention breaking the personal information rule, although 'Win67' seems to have already broken that. Maybe he had begun to read too much into these messages with 'Win67'. Maybe they were just strangers, who had become - online friends - 'oh god the thought - I've been online friend-zoned'
Castiel looked up at Dean, his mouth opened as though he was going to say something, but closed again as his whole body seemed to sag with grief. He willed himself not to cry in front of Dean. Why did Dean have to be so… Why couldn’t he have just allowed Castiel to hate him, to blame him? Why did he have to look at him now with such genuine concern in his eyes, those gloriously green eyes.
Balthazar sucks in a deep breath, trying to get his brain to work and his mouth to form words but all he can do is stand rooted to the spot, shocked into silence as he wonders what is about to happen.
Castiel looks surprised for a moment, but schools his expression quickly, “You know I can’t ‘make’ you feel guilty about anything, Dean. If you’re feeling bad over the way that you’ve treated me, that’s on you, not me. Maybe you should consider how your actions make me feel. I just wanted to make you feel loved, to make you feel good and to keep you safe… After everything I've done for you since you moved in..." Castiel shakes his head "I’m
Not like that… down boy. I’ve got a hammer, saw, nails… paint. I’ve picked out a ridiculously difficult design… Ah, well it just means I’ll be able to justify staying outside longer… Let’s do this…
Castiel laughed "No thanks, I may have drunk too much, but I've also not drunk enough to wash away the shit memories of today and shutting up my mom's shop"
He stepped into the room, his heart thudding in his chest as he closed the bedroom door quietly behind him...
The door rattles again under another powerful kick, then another, then another… Dean looks to see the hinges shake under the force. He quickly unwraps the towel from his elbow and lays it across some of the broken glass on the window frame before he climbs out, hissing as he cuts himself whilst he crawls through the narrow window.
Anyways, Dean’s real issue with Dale wasn’t his apparent inexperience in the hunting game, hell everybody started somewhere. No, his issue was that the guy had not stopped gushing over how amazing it was to meet Castiel. He had even had the nerve to squeeze Castiel’s damn arm as though they were friends.
"It was really nice," Said Jo smiling a little forcibly as she remembered Balthazar threatening Garth "The food was amazing"
“I don’t just bring bacon to anyone, ya know?” Smiles Garth glad to cheer his friend up, even if only temporarily.
Sam and Dean get out of the car, heading into the bunker for what Dean knows will be one hell of night drinking - drowning his feelings and trying to block out the memories of those people, his family, that he has loved, and lost. Their faces haunt him, why hadn’t they been saved? Surely, they had deserved it, more than most? They were the good guys, the ones they had always counted on, the ones who had always been there for them, helping them to help everyone else. Helping them save the world.
I wonder why Dean hasn't text yet...? Should he text? What's the correct etiquette is in a situation like this?
Benny returned Castiel's smile before saying softly "Well it's not him I'm worried about in any case..." He blushed before adding “Oh I meant to give your friend Charlie my card, in case she has any questions or pain over the next few days, here” He handed Castiel a card with his number on it “So if any of you need any medical advice or, you know, anything” He coughed not meeting Castiel's eyes “You can call me”
“I can’t believe you did this…” Says Castiel stepping closer to Dean, he wrapped his arms around him and hugged him tightly “Thank you, so much…”
But as his lips pressed into Dean's flesh kissing and nipping, his friend didn't pull away, he groaned again, he liked it... Castiel swirled his tongue over Dean's neck, nipping lightly as he rolled up to meet Dean's push down. He heard the pleased sigh vibrate out of Dean like a purr.
"Well I'm glad you liked it, I had Charlie help pick the place," Said Garth smiling at her and giving her hand a squeeze under the table. He still hadn’t decided what to do about Balthazar, he knew Jo wanted him to tell his friend and a part of him did too but another part of him worried about it. He didn’t want to hurt Castiel.
Both smiling, Dean and Castiel fell asleep again within a few minutes, curled around each other. Hearts beating steadily, fingers entwined. No longer... Just friends.
When Dean’s ass is wonderfully pink, Castiel pulls his hard cock from his trousers and jerks himself off roughly, not touching Dean just leering over him, until he finally sprays his climax over Dean’s ass, marking him in his come. Panting Castiel rubs his fingertips through his come and all over Dean’s ass.
Castiel turned around and looked at his boyfriend who was doing a great job and ignoring him, he walked closer to Balthazar and spoke quietly "Are you angry with me?"
Dean's eyes closed as Castiel's hand held his cheek gently. Castiel smiled, this man was beautiful, far too beautiful for a place like this.
"Six, you have an hour and a half to get ready," Said Balthazar curtly before leaving the room again.
Castiel continues, “I understand pet. I do… But don’t worry, mistakes are made to be learned from and I won’t let you injure yourself again, I promise.”
Balthazar nodded before walking away to the kitchen, Charlie stuck her tongue out at him when his back was turned.
A little over an hour later and Dean is loading a heavy package into the backseat of his car, then setting off again to Castiel's house.
There were empty spaces on the walls where Balthazar had hung his photographs and art, bare dusty shelves where Balthazar's books had been, a few house plants gone... All the small touches that made a house a home, Balthazar had claimed the space for... How had he never noticed this before?
Dean can see Balthazar’s hands gripped into Castiel’s hair, forcing his head into his crotch. Even from the strange angle of the photograph, he can see the blood on Castiel’s cheeks. Balthazar had forced himself into Castiel’s mouth, right after pulling the man’s tooth out.
"I might try writing... children's books" Said Castiel, Dean had given him the idea, saying that he could also ask Lisa to check them over before he formally submitted them to the publishers. Castiel had actually loved the idea, since Lisa's company rivaled Balthazar's it gave him a small thrill to know he would be getting one over on his ex, if his books were accepted, of course.
Lisa smiled and put a hand on Dean’s arm “Calm down, we’re friends, right? I’m not accusing you of anything. I just wanted to warn you that Balthazar was causing a stir.”
Castiel pressed forward as Dean spoke, his hard dick breaching Dean’s unprepared hole slowly, “Is your brother here?”
Castiel smiled and rolled his hips again, allowing himself to enjoy it this time too, it felt fucking incredible, inside Dean, his tightness, his heat, snug and hot around his dick. He rolled again, steady slow thrusts. Enjoying Dean's little noises, joining him with his own before long. The twinge of pleasure in his gut growing and taking over.
"Mmm… No, I think you are simply telling me what you think I want to hear, I don't think you really mean it." Castiel pushes himself deep in Dean's ass, drawing a groan of pain from Dean that makes his heart skip, he whispers, "How can I be sure that you are really here, with me… and not escaping to someplace in your mind with Sam?"
She blushed now and Garth knew (thanks to Charlie's knowledge of hitting on girls) that that was enough for now. (Charlie's voice rang out in his head - 'compliments are good, but overdoing it can be a real buzz kill, go in with one strong confident compliment and then leave it for at least an hour - so you don't overwhelm the girl.)
No running today, Gabriel wants a hand moving into his new flat. I’m half glad of the break, half not. Although considering yesterday, maybe a break is a good idea.
Castiel's face felt tight, he looked over to Charlie, he laughed. She looked over to him, a questioning smile on her face.
"You little shit," Balthazar said as he wiped his nose on his sleeve and got unsteadily to his feet to face Dean “The fuck is your problem?”
“Don’t worry, Dean,” says Castiel, his eyes darken as he slips an arm around Dean and squeezes him tightly, “I will always be here for you. I’m not going anywhere.”
He had to leave, he couldn’t go to Dean. He had to return to the house, he had to clean away all the evidence that he had ever been there… He had to run.
Racing as fast as his legs would carry him, Dean sprinted across the morning damp grass, his bare and sore feet protesting at the feel of the icy ground beneath them. His lungs burned, his eyes blurred with tears as the wind rushed into his face, his heart ached with the worry that he would be too late. Dean skids to an ungraceful halt and crashes roughly into the wrought iron fence that he’d been visiting secretly for months.
“Hey look, there is a bar here, let’s go and sit in here for a bit… Maybe I’ll get to see what’s so great about whiskey, Dean loves it… Me? Not so much on the way out”
Dean's smile lights up Castiel's heart, which quickly begins racing again as he watches Dean pull his own shirt up and over his head, tossing it away from him.
"Well... he kicked you while you were down... I wouldn't call that win.." Castiel cut off suddenly, thinking of how he had left the bar and that 'Win67' was meant to be joining them "Shit..."
"I saw him hit her, and I can't stand seeing a guy about a foot taller beating on a woman, fucking big man, ya know?" Said Dean remembering seeing it play out before him "So I ran at him, think I got a couple of hits in before I lost my balance and he kicked me in the ribs"
Once out of the tub he'd gotten into his pajamas and slippers, checked his laptop for any messages from Win67, been disappointed that there was none and was just about to fall into his squishy armchair when a knock at the door startled him...
He grabs his jacket as he walks to his front door and pulls it on. He opens the door and almost trips over a box in the hallway, addressed to him and with big 'This way up stickers' on the side. Frowning he crouches down to open the box. Inside there are two dozen deep red roses and no note.
Closing the front door behind him, Castiel turns back and looks up to the window of Dean's room, something feels... off. Like he's about to lose Dean... everything. He shakes himself, forcing himself to focus, it was just because it was Dean's brother he was hunting. That's all. As long as he does this right, Dean will never know what happened.
Recovering from his shock quickly, John glared back at Gabriel defiantly, “Where the fuck is my son?”
For the drummers drumming and pipers piping, Castiel snatched them from a marching band performing for a Christmas concert. He took to the microphone, apologising to the crowds and assuring everyone that he would return them soon.
Castiel smiles to himself and they both go back to watching the old cartoons that are playing on the television in silence.
Castiel smiled warmly at him, they sat at their little round dining table and ate themselves silly on burgers, onion rings, and fries... Then they watched a film together and Castiel felt quite happy, maybe the days of 'sweet little notes' and such things weren't gone...
“I’ve handled ‘dangerous’ for eons.” He moved around Dean again, stunted in his exit when a hand grasped his wrist. Castiel turned to find Dean looking from him to his own hand, like it was something he hadn’t realized he’d done. As quickly as Castiel saw the confused look on the hunter's face, it vanished. Dean took another step forward again, crowding closer into Castiel’s space... and Cas stepped back.
"Would you like a drink?" Garth asked her, pulling his wallet from his pocket and turning toward the bar.
Dean had no intention of screwing things up with Cas, they had come way too far and been through way too much to screw things up now. He wasn’t hiding it from anyone, but he also wasn’t about to just jump into bed with his best friend. He’d never done this before, he’d never been with a guy before and there were still aspects that scared him but he wasn’t too worried, he knew Castiel would never push him into something he didn’t feel ready for… In fact, he was kind of excited about it, he and Castiel would get to work things out together, at their own pace. There was no one he trusted more and whilst it might take some time for each of them to learn to express their feelings properly and openly to each other, they already confessed the biggest hidden feeling they each had for the other man. They loved each other, wholly and unconditionally, and they had for a long, long time.
Balthazar took a step towards Castiel "It’s over, I never wanted you to find out, but you did and I am sorry. Hurting you was not something I ever wanted to do. It was a meaningless mistake and I realized how stupid I had been being at that dinner last week when Dean Winchester was making a fool out of you, It made me so angry with him and then at myself..."
The merman swam right up to him and held him steady in the water, its tail beating steadily holding them still. The most intense blue eyes Dean had ever seen were looking at him, curiously and then, the merman leaned in. Dean's eyes widened as the merman brought his lips up to Dean's. The merman blew cool clean air into Dean's mouth, it rushed through him, so nicely. Awakening his senses.
Fuck, how did this happen? His heart hammered against his chest as his panic rose. Keeping his eyes closed, he'd planned to pass it off as just usual sleep shifting... But then, the bed - wobbled slightly? What the fuck... No, it wasn't the bed... It was Dean. Dean was moving... Castiel's eyes flew open as he realized what was happening. Dean's quiet panting little breaths, his arm moving back and forth, gently, slowly... Holy shit. Dean was jacking off, right next to him, Castiel’s arm hung over his chest, mere inches away from where he was obviously touching himself...
Charlie planted a sloppy kiss on Castiel's head, "It says your boyfriend needs to buck up his idea's. But you know, you'll always have me!"
Dean's eyes were wide as he stared up at Castiel from where he sat on the edge of his bed "I'm sorry" He said more firmly. He stood up, meeting Castiel's eyes "The truth is, I try to..." He paused looking sheepish.
Dean's eyes narrowed at Castiel, that cocky little shit who, within a month of starting at his college had ruined Deans life... Making him finally face the fact he was bisexual, making him crave him, making him punch perfectly innocent guys in the middle of clubs just for dancing with him...
Cas sighed, thinking and then flicked his eyes up from Dean’s chest to look deeply into the hunter's concerned features. He uttered his challenge in his husky voice, daring the hunter to make his move, "You never gave it a chance to start, Dean."
Castiel wakes, feeling dazed. He shakes the fuzziness from his mind as his eyes flick to and fro, the stench of blood and death is thick in the air and makes him feel nauseous. Frowning, he takes in the dark cave around him; the cold stones that build up most of the walls, the cracking and rotten wooden beams that support the ceiling. He staggers slightly as he tries to stand up, reaching out a hand to grip on to the wall for support.
Castiel's heart skipped about a thousand beats at Dean's words as the image of him and Dean in bed together flashed before his eyes. He swallowed and nodded.
Castiel had gone back to bed shortly after Charlie had left that morning, still hungover and if he was honest a bit pissed that Balthazar hadn't returned his earlier 'favor'. He frowned "What time is it?"
In a flurry of movement, Castiel hooks a foot behind Dean’s legs, tripping him up so that he tumbles to the floor his head bumping the ground as he lands, then he is being dragged again, by his feet.
Thank you for all the lovely comments on the first chapter of this. I was pretty nervous about posting it as I've not done a story where Cas or Dean was the 'baddie' before. So your feedback has been really great. <3
Charlie scoffed at him, pulling her arm away from his grasp “Does your ass ever get jealous of how much shit comes out of your mouth? You cheated on him and you attacked Garth. Why the hell would he want you back?”
Castiel couldn't believe what was happening, everything had gotten so out of hand so quickly, Balthazar had seemed to lose his mind and where the fuck had Dean Winchester come from? He was helped by Meg to pull Charlie to her feet as Dean and Balthazar continued to insult each other nearby.
Castiel ties him tightly back to the bed and takes his tray away. As soon as he closes the door behind him, he places the tray on the ground and pulls the zip down on his pants, taking his semi-hard cock from his trousers and jerking himself roughly, one hand on his cock, one on the door behind which Dean Winchester is laid out naked on his bed, naked and sorry and grateful. Castiel bites his lip as he pictures himself fucking into Dean. He comes in his own hand panting into the crook of his arm to quieten his activities.
"Are you for fucking real?" Shouted Castiel suddenly pushing Balthazar away from him he stumbled to the ground looking shocked and angry, Castiel's cheeks were burning hot with fury "God only knows where you’ve been or who with"
My minds telling me no….. But my body… My body is telling YESSSSSSSSS… I don’t see nothing wrong… With a little bump and grind…
Balthazar narrows his eyes, his hand moves silently to the button on the projector and without taking his eyes off Dean, he presses it. Dean continues to glare at him, scared of what he might see when he turns to look at the image on the wall. Eventually, trembling, he turns his head and takes in the picture before him.
Getting up he walked into the bedroom and pulled on a deep navy sweater vest over his checkered shirt. It was cold outside and he’d want the extra layer… It had nothing to do with how it made him feel a little ‘fancier’, nothing to do the fact that this was the sweater vest Charlie had bought him insisting it would make his eyes ‘pop’ and if he did a double take in the mirror as he passed it on his way back towards the front door, well no one had to know...
Castiel stared at him "She is not 'some woman'. She's Charlie. You know she is gay. Don't be like that"
Barely able to draw breath, Dean will never know how he managed to meet Castiel’s eyes and almost beg him, “Please, don’t leave me!”
"Yes," Said Castiel suddenly feeling another jolt of stupidity, his rival had stepped in, defending his friends from Balthazar…
“Ok, well. Thanks for letting me know, we hired a temporary security guard for the shop this morning, starts this afternoon and Sam’s gone and bought all the staff headsets, that way they can communicate with each other and let someone know if something dodgy is going on. I’d feel kind of smug about him getting sacked if it didn’t mean he suddenly had much more time on his hands, fuck knows what that guy is up to!”
“Are you going to kill me?” asks Dean, his worried eyes burning with tears as the feeling of pain in his rear returns to him.
Dean hears his tormentor humming, the familiar song by The Police - Every Breath You Take reaches Dean and he never realized until this moment just how creepy that song actually was.
Dean checked through what he had written, debating for a while if he should delete his flirtation. Then he heard the shower turn off and clicked send quickly and closed the laptop, placing it back on his desk and beginning to look around for his shoes as Lisa came out of the bathroom a towel wrapped around her and another wrapping up her hair. He looked at her, she looked beautiful, anyone could see that. Droplets of water were rolling down her neck and down to the towel that covered her chest... but Dean realized, he felt nothing. He used to love getting in the shower with Lisa when their relationship had begun, but now they showered alone, behind a locked door... The door; he realized, clearly representing all of the unsaid things going on between them. He wondered when she had last been happy with him and who it was that had pulled back first...
Charlie and Castiel looked at them as they approached, frowning at the lack of drinks in their hands.
He had tasted Castiel's sticky and sweet blood that had pooled from the shallow cuts he’d made, nothing would ever compare to Castiel. Nothing even came close to his holy taste. Balthazar had kept him tied and weakened for weeks, not allowing him to come. He’d brought him so close several times, with his fingers, with his mouth, with his cock… but he had always caught him right before he fell over that edge, he'd always held him back.
“Cas,” says Dean firmer. He pulls back suddenly as a horrible thought crosses his mind, he looks at Castiel with fresh worry in his eyes, “how did you get out of the empty? It’s not coming back for you, is it?”
Charlie took both her own and Castiel's glasses to the kitchen and poured generous amounts of vodka into each before adding coke. She sneered at the picture of Balthazar stuck to the fridge. 'Cas can do so much better than you, you ass. Stop treating my friend like shit' She thought to herself.
With trembling hands he placed the pan on the counter, shaking slightly as he turned toward the door. It clicked closed as his eyes fell on the outline of snowy boot prints on the matt, the dumped duffel bag on the floor. The thick, wet coat being slung over the banister at the bottom of the stairs…
Castiel huffs as he pulls his hand away, sounding annoyed as he says, “Honestly, Dean, I don’t know what you were trying so hard to get back to the world is a horrible place. I’m keeping you safe from it in here, can’t you understand that? You’re far too special to be lost in that sea of dull and ordinary people out there… You like it here with me, don’t you? You love being the center of my world?”
‘You should have killed him’, that was what Balthazar had said the first time that Castiel had seen him after he’d taken Dean. He’d gone home, fearful that Balthazar would turn up and kill Dean. He’d gone home and tortured him to show Balthazar that he, Castiel was still his, that he didn’t need to kill Dean, he'd tortured Dean to buy them some time…
And when Dean comes.. from his first gay sex ever with his cock buried deep in side him, he looks into Castiel's eyes and Castiel can see that promise there, this was only the beginning.
He takes Dean home, driving carefully. Getting out of the car he leads Dean up to the front door, turning to look at him as he takes his key from his pocket, Dean looked so beautiful in his last moments of freedom, so blissfully unaware of what would happen once he crossed that threshold.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion when his words seem to upset the child, he’d meant them to comfort him… but tears were rolling silently down Dean’s freckled face, “The most important thing is that you trust me and that you feel safe. I won’t hurt you, Dean.”
Castiel read Win67’s message wondering if they ever would meet and get to go fishing, he thinks he’d like to try it. Although he isn’t sure if he could kill and prepare the fish… Maybe he could get away with it he offered to do the washing up afterward… That sounded very domestic though. Almost like a date. Was that what Win67 was hinting at? Now that he’d been single for nearly a month? Interesting…
"If you think, for one second.. that you will ever set foot in MY house again.. You are sorely mistaken!" Yelled Castiel turning his back on him and beginning to walk away as tears began to fall thick and heavy down his face.
"I'll mail your shit to your office Balthazar" Spat Castiel "I don't EVER want to see you near MY house or my store or near any of my friends, ever again. PRICK"
Maybe that was it, it wasn’t exactly a small thing, his ex had forced his way into his house, touched him, hit him, attacked Dean… then disappeared. Where the as Balthazar now? Had he given up? Had he finally realized how far past the line he’d crossed…
Oh god… He’s taking his jacket off, he is taking his jacket off… He’s offering me his fucking jacket - excuse me while I pass out from cuteness overload.
Dean looked back at the car keys in his hands to his parents' smiling faces, stunned he had to ask, "Wait, for real?"
Balthazar released him slowly "I'm not going anywhere, you need me. Even if you're too stupid to see that"
“I’m sure you’ve seen me before when you've glanced the devil in Castiel’s eyes…” Balthazar looks into Dean’s face menacingly, “That’s me... My name is Balthazar and you… Well, you seem a little upset Dean?”
"Well I loved doing that, so sure, that would be more than fine with me" Said Charlie smiling, she was pretty touched that Dean's niece and nephew had mentioned her, how sweet was that "The store is beautiful by the way, a small part of me wanted it not to be, you know lingering loyalty to Heavens library, but it really is"
On the other hand, was Dale. Dale was good looking, funny, and open. He wasn’t at all shy about his interest in Castiel. Somehow, Dale had damaged something inside him, something frayed and threadbare that he’d held on to for so long, something that told him he had to wait for Dean to be ready. It was the hope that Dean would one day act on his feelings, voice his feelings, confess… But he had remained silent. He hadn’t said anything at all. Even when Castiel had paced back and forth in front of him several times unnecessarily, debating what to do. A part of him desperately wanted Dean to stop him from leaving, wanted Dean to do something, say something, anything! But another part of him… wanted to let it go. To finally free himself from this heartbreakingly unrequited love story and actually give Dale a chance, to give himself a chance. When he finally ran out of excuses to stay, he stopped his pacing in front of Dean. The hunter, however, wouldn’t meet his gaze and that was the moment that he finally resigned himself to the fact; he could never have Dean Winchester the way he wanted to. It was time to move on.
“Come on, I think… Well, I hope this will cheer you up” Said Dean leading Castiel to where the Impala was parked… “Before I show you, I just want you to know… Charlie mentioned I think it was at Halloween, how important this was to you… and I wanted you to have it…” Dean blushed “As a… well I guess as kind of an apology for what happened with your store and the role I played in that…”
Castiel puts the chain on the door and unlocks it, peering through his eyes widen, then he steps back and opens the door properly and smiles “Garth, what are you doing here?”
Dean nods “Can do.” He walks through Sam and Jess’ kitchen to the back door and out into the garden “Hey guys!”
"Honestly... I don't think I've ever seen him this wasted" Said Garth seriously "And add that to the shop shutting today and him having to sell the till. I don't know..."
Castiel pulled out his phone "Balthazar wants to join us" He looked up smiling "Guess there is no way this can be taken as a date by 'Win67' now"
"I know man, I could tell from your voice. But don't worry, we will get to that. Food first, I'm starving."
Charlie looked at him wondering if he could feel her dislike "Balthazar" She said curtly before pulling the blanket back up and over herself.
"A Winchester Super Store opening soon." read Castiel aloud, he sighed, "I'd heard rumors, to be honest. Aren't you late?"
Dean’s eyes snap up from the suitcase to the top of the stairs. There is Castiel standing on the landing, looking down at him with a strange look on his face. The slightly guilty expression on his face, the face that Dean had kissed a hundred times and it still would never be enough, broke his chilled heart in two.
The walls of the room Castiel had brought him too, were lined in sheet plastic. There was a large toolbox in one corner and a shelving set lining one wall, with a sheet of plastic hanging down over it, blurring his view of the objects stacked behind it. In the middle of the room, was a curved ‘table’... Not really a table thinks Dean. Its surface was almost like a cushion, one of those hard cushions you’d find on a vaulting table in a school gym. Two of the legs had buckles on them.
“That’s true,” laughs Charlie, "Ok cool... I have loads of face masks, you want a mud pack one or a pealey dealy?"
Dean can feel it as Castiel's cock pokes against his ass, slippery from the lube on the condom, he was nervous, well - scared. He knew it was probably going to hurt at least a little, this was his first time after all but he wanted it and even more than that, he wanted it to be with Castiel. He really didn't want this to be a one-time thing either. If they got together which Dean hoped they did, he'd stock up on lube and condoms...
“It’s alright love, it’s alright,” soothes Castiel continuing to rock his body against Deans, “You can enjoy it, you know? I want you to. No one else is ever going to know, no one’s going to judge you… Take some pleasure for yourself. Just let go, enjoy it.”
He remembered how they had made love in front of the fireplace on a mess of blankets and pillows. He smiles as he remembers watching Dean sleep, his face illuminated by the dimming embers of the fire. He remembers with sadness, whispering to Dean as he slept that he didn’t want him go, how he couldn’t bare the thought of losing him, how he would do anything, give anything, if only Dean would say, he’d stay.
"Shut up Garth," sneered Balthazar, his voice dropping dangerously low, his eyes flicking to his sides to check no one could hear him, "If you breathe a word of this to Castiel, I swear you will regret it."
The handcuffs have been removed and his wrists have been tied in more of that thick went rope, the angle is more comfortable but still restricting, his arms pulled out to either side of the bed, rather than directly behind him. His body is now spread to each corner of the bed frame, like a star with Castiel lay with his legs between Dean’s waist and his arms holding him up on either side of Dean’s chest.
Castiel relaxed, Charlie always could cheer him up without even trying. He considered for a moment, "Face masks sure, pillow fights... Nah - we both know you'd kick my ass."
Castiel’s mouth parts in a silent gasp at Dean’s words and his eyes flick down to Dean’s lips again. Just as Dean thinks he is about to be kissed again, the angel’s gaze meets his own and hardens once more.
"Sammy," He said out loud forgetting momentarily about the glass wall in front of him and that his brother who was walking into the store below wouldn't be able to hear him. He tutted at himself and walked over to his door, opening it and calling down to his brother "Hey Sam"
Castiel bought Dean a whiskey and they talked for a while about normal things, Dean's life. Castiel worked out very quickly that Dean had a younger brother he was close to...  Someone who would likely notice if Dean went missing... Someone, he'd likely have to 'deal' with, if as he planned... he kept Dean. He found out that Dean hated his job, he worked answering phones for some big company and apparently people came and went there frequently, Castiel was pleased with this, it meant that Dean disappearing from his job would not raise any red flags as people who got sick of working there just stopping going into work when they'd had enough of it. This was much simpler than he’d hoped, perfect.
The buzzing is on a low setting for a few minutes and Dean tries desperately to ignore it, the feel of the cool metal inside him, stretching him. He tries to think of something, anything else. He starts by reciting the alphabet, then gasps his way through a Led Zeppelin song by the end he is panting and trying to remember the lines to one of his favorite movies, occasionally stuttering out random quotes as the buzzing hitches up a notch.
"You are missing the point, this is not about Dean, this is about you... The things you did. You cheated on me, you threatened Garth, you attacked him... and Charlie, you came back into my house after being told you weren't welcome here... And here you are, doing it again..."
The police took separate statements from both Castiel and Dean, the process took well over two hours, much of which was just Castiel and Dean sitting in a waiting room until it was their turn to speak to the officer taking their reports.
Garth shakes his head “Dean’s alright, but don’t worry, there’s no contest, you’ll always be the best boss I ever had”
So he was completely fucked, when green eyes smiled at him, a flirty obvious smile, the hint of a wink. The man slides himself on to the barstool next to Castiel and as he inhales through his nose, Castiel catches a whiff of minty body wash. Fresh meat, minty fresh. ‘How apt’ Castiel thinks to himself.
Gabriel steps forward nodding, “I get it, I get it. You love him, he’s your whole world, you need him to breathe - etc. I’m not going to ask you if it’s worth it - I’m asking you if you think it’s possible, really possible. To get him out of there?”
"Hi," He said sleepily, sitting up and accepting the scalding cup, he placed it carefully down on the bedside table to wait for it to cool and looked back up at his partner.
He pushed open the door and walked inside. The room was smokey from the fake fog in the air. There were witches, vampires, werewolves and firemen, even the occasional grim reaper, he soon spotted Charlie in a Queen's gown and he smiled at how great she looked. He watched her dancing with Meg for a minute as he walked up to the bar to get a drink, he needed a few beers to stop him feeling the cold. Scanning the room, he noticed Jo and Garth, dancing not too far from Charlie and Meg. Jo was dressed as a naughty nurse and Garth... Dean actually laughed out loud as his eyes fell on to Garth. His entire head, face, hair... the lot, was painted green and he had on the yellow outfit of The Mask. Complete with a feathered hat.
“Er…” Dean frowned, he hadn’t even thought about it, and guilt rushed him as he conceded to the fact that his first thought was ‘
Castiel shakes his head and tears run down his face, his chest rises and falls rapidly as he begins to hyperventilate “No… no, no, no”
"No, I'm fine. Didn't think it would leave a bruise, to be honest." said Balthazar, closing his eyes again, "You going to work?"
"Oh nice," Said Dean in approval "They do burgers, maybe I will let you buy me one" He smiled at her
Dean wakes up to the feeling of warmth between his legs. His body is moving back and forth and there is a heaviness over him. He opens his eyes as he realizes that his cock is half-hard. Hard and rubbing against a warm body that is rocking down onto him slowly. Castiel is groaning softly with each gentle motion.
“I do, but in different ways, Dean is handsome and funny and even with how we met, his business taking down mine… there is something about him that seems so… gallant”
This turned out to be a mistake as the sky opened up above him halfway back. The rain beat down around him and he shuddered against the cold as he walked quickly back to his boat, he really needed to find an apartment soon, winter was well on its way and it would be getting very cold at night.
Balthazar meets Castiel's eyes, searching them, he leans in. Castiel gasps slightly and turns his lips away from Balthazar's. Balthazar pauses, lowering his head for a moment, then he rests his forehead against the side of Castiel's face and breaths in deeply through his nose, as though trying to inhale Castiel's scent.
Dean downed the shot in front of him and then took a deep breath as he stared at his reflection in the mirror in front of him, “I’m ready, let’s do this.”
“Which is why you were asking about security,” Said Sam catching on “Ok, well we have camera’s all around the store and there is a sensor for more expensive items above the door… But maybe we should think about hiring a guard?” He turned to Dean, who nodded.
The look in Balthazar’s frantic face will stay with Castiel forever. He holds his hands over the man’s face for a few moments after his hands drop limply to his sides and when he finally, lifts them Balthazar’s lips are parted in a gasp. His eyes remain open, his body absolutely still, the color in his skin fading already, right before Castiel’s eyes.
“Oh, and what happens to people who go on your naughty list Cas?” Dean asked eyes glinting as he stepped closer.
The house is Balthazar’s, the bar where Dean had gone missing… is Balthazar’s. It had been Balthazar that had been chasing Dean with a knife. Sam’s car brake line had been cut whilst it had been parked across the road from Balthazar’s bar.
"Long story. Come in..." Said Castiel letting Dean pass him into the living room before shutting and locking the door, as Dean caught his eye "Just in case Balthazar comes back... not taking you prisoner, I swear. But I had to, erm… forcibly remove him and I’d rather not have to do it again"
He walks over to the door, opening it his heart clenches painfully in his chest… There on the other side is Baltazar and as Castiel rushes to shut the door, Balthazar's foot plants itself firmly between the door and the frame...
"I know. But honestly... even if you and Balthazar are both ok with not having sex, are you happy with everything else in your relationship?"
Charlie nodded "I know, it's still weird to think we will be working for him, but you know we love you right..."
“I wanted it to be a surprise…” breathes Dean against Castiel’s neck as he tugs the blanket from his husbands shoulders and lets it drop to the floor, “I’ve only known a couple of weeks, and I just… I wanted to surprise you.”
Balthazar stops fighting, he drops from Dean’s hold to the floor heavily, his eyes closed. Dean stares at him for merely a second, before turning and running through the door.
"Well…” Stammered Charlie thinking quickly “Not going to lie I’m curious, but you know you can tell me anything, and I know that you will when you’re ready, so I won’t push it. But... without knowing what it was I can't really help, other than to say, you gotta look after yourself! Whatever it is.. you don't have to do anything about it right now, right? When you know what you want to do about it.. then you can act, but for you, now… You need sleep and food and to relax, whatever this thing is… it’s making you ill, please take care of yourself" Said Charlie hugging him slightly "Things went well with Jo though right?"
Dean relaxed slightly and gave Garth a smile before turning more serious and asking "What the hell is that guy's problem anyway?"
"You would be nothing without me Castiel" Spat Balthazar getting right in Castiel's face as Castiel backed up until his head thudded against the wall behind him, Balthazar grabbed the front door and slammed it shut before turning back to Castiel "You can't kick me out Castiel. You love me, you're just angry, but you will get over it"
Charlie raised her eyebrows but remained silent for a moment before turning back to the laptop and asking, "So, are you gonna reply?"
His eyes travel the room, Castiel’s clothes, Castiel’s slippers, Castiel’s glass of water on the bedside table, his lips touched that glass, far more recently than they touched any part of him. He reaches for the glass but stops as his eyes fall on the photo album next to it. He frowns, recognizing it as their photo book. Their collection of ‘beautiful things’. Had Castiel missed him so much that he’d been sleeping next to their book of trophies?
"Not that, that has anything to do with you anymore, but I will move if I have to. Now GET OUT" Castiel was now glaring at Balthazar, all he could see was him hitting Garth, and Charlie and kicking Dean on the floor. He didn’t want to be anywhere near this man anymore "I mean it, Balthazar, fuck off!"
Garth looked down guiltily, then back up at Castiel as though he wanted to say something, but then changed his mind his head tilting to one side as he clearly was thinking about something, finally when he spoke it was without that hint of disappointment and sounded almost defiant "I think you should meet him then"
He was done. One final check on everyone, one final sweep up of animal mess and his surprise for Dean was ready.
“Agreed, I’ll see if Cas wants to stay at mine tonight.” Said Charlie “I don’t think Balthazar knows where I live, just in case… You know?”
Balthazar came back into the living room a moment later, carrying a single cup of coffee. He sat on an armchair across the room from Charlie.
"Right?" Said Castiel smirking at her "I mean - him seeming to think my business is over already, hurt a little on reflection, but I was shocked by how defensive of me he got"
"I know, let's just have a look in the window, see what he looks like.. " Said Dean moving towards the window and peering in as Sam 'tutted' behind him
"HEY" He shouted furiously as the man turned to face him. Balthazar seemed surprised to see him there.
"Bacon," he said smiling and nodding, "Oh yeah - cooked it at home, hopefully, it'll still be warm. Bacon on bagels - oh this is gonna be awesome. This breakfast has been Garthed!"
But then he'd be arrested and Dean would slip through his fingers once more... No, he'd just have to wait, keep playing his part as though nothing was wrong...
“Despite my past issues with understanding double meanings to human terminology, I do understand what you are suggesting and yes, I am aware of Dale’s interest in me.”
He closed his laptop feeling a little better for getting some of his thoughts out of his head and written down. He checked the time on his phone and realized he needed to leave to meet Dean. He wondered if he should mention that he’d visited his store. Getting up he walked into the bedroom and pulled on a deep navy sweater vest of his checkered shirt. It was cold outside and he’d want the extra layer… It had nothing to do with how it made him feel a little ‘fancier’, nothing to do the fact that this was the sweater vest Charlie had bought him insisting it would make his eyes ‘pop’ and if he did a double take in the mirror as he passed it on his way back towards the front door, well no one had to know.
Castiel turns to look at Dean, frowning slightly as though worried what Dean might say, he swallows and smiles softly, "I thought... maybe you could move in with me?"
"I'm glad you're both here, there's something I wanted to ask you," He said before turning to Garth "You are feeling better today?"
Castiel sighed sadly and turned to face Dean “You’re hurt again… because of him, me… I didn’t report it last time, to the police… and now you’re hurt…”
Castiel returned after a short while, with a plate of pancakes and bacon on a tray. Also on the tray was a pair of pliers, Dean startled when he saw them, looking up at Castiel with those big beautiful green eyes.
Just as Balthazar was going to bring the vase down on Dean’s head… Castiel appeared and grabbed at it, quickly smashing it down on the top of Balthazar’s head with force.
Castiel looked at him, sighed and put his phone back in his pocket "Yes, he probably would" He said softly with a small smile.
He looked at it... How weird it felt now that he knew who 'Shopboy' was. He wondered what he should do about that. When he had been on his way back to the bar last night, he'd thought about just going in and telling Castiel who he was, he'd pretty much written it off in his head. Castiel hated him, he was never going to like him just because he was 'Win67'. But then with everything that had happened and he'd somehow managed to form some odd kind of friendship with Castiel.
Dean’s room is empty, there are blood splatters on his bed sheets. A red handprint on the banister. A shattered mirror in the hallway. A bloody knife tossed in the sink. Dean’s bloody clothes in the trash, buried beneath another set of bloody clothes that John kept claiming he had never seen (and that Gabriel wastes no time in identifying as Castiel’s) and then there was John’s bloody belt soaking in a bucket of tinged pink water by the back door.
'I am sorry about last night, I don't know if you went, but if you did, myself and my friends were there, however, we left early as I found out my partner had been cheating on me. I hope you weren't waiting there for us to long if you went, Shopboy'
“Yeah,” says Dean, pulling back enough to look in Cas’s eyes, but keeping his hands on Castiel’s arms, as though trying to anchor him, as though still scared that he could vanish at any moment, he meets Cas’s eyes, “Cas, I know.”
“I’m taking you away for a romantic weekend… I know you have work commitments on Monday but I already spoke to Bobby and Sam. It’s all arranged. Dean, how could you think that I’d leave you, don’t you know how I feel about you by now?”
Castiel got in, locked his door behind him, no point in getting careless after the warning he’d been given about Balthazar and gone to run himself a hot bath. He’d let himself enjoy the hot water until his feet were pink and crinkled, the water had soaked warmth into his muscles and washed away a lot of the stress of the day.
He suddenly understood why he was so angry with Dean... Not only had Dean been the reason Castiel had had to close his shop, but he hadn't even had the decency to allow Castiel to hate him for it, instead he’d turned out to be this caring, remorseful man.
Around eight o’clock the kids were put to bed and Sam and Jess followed a couple of hours and a bottle of wine later, leaving Dean and Castiel alone in the living room.
Castiel looks up as Sam Winchester hobbles into the room on his crutches, “Hello Sam. How are you feeling today?”
Castiel sunk to his knees as the cab pulled away his eyes filling with tears again, Meg put a hand on his shoulder to comfort him.
“Fuck” He muttered out loud. He scratched his neck and began trying to come up with a reply, that didn’t feel like a lie.
Dean's face scrunches together as he thinks about his friend... Well, it's Cas... Obviously, the guys adorable, funny, even though he messes up on a cosmic scale he always tries... He has a good heart, great hair, ocean blue eyes, a smile that would melt the polar ice cap, strong muscular... Wait.
"I'm leaving," Castiel’s gravelly voice said, sending shivers of dread through Dean’s whole body.  Against his will, Dean looked up. He hadn’t known what to say and to ignore Castiel wouldn’t be fair but there were those big blue eyes looking down at him, almost sadly.
"Hmm. Well, I can't argue with my new boss" Charlie smiled at him, before leaning in close to his ear "Seriously though Dean, thanks for the job... You saved me from having to move back in with the parentals"
Luke stumbled backward a step and Dean scoffed at him before continuing to drag Castiel away and out of the club.
Dean felt a genuine smile forming on his face as he looked up at her "Well that guy was a prick" He agreed.
“But that’s just it,” Dean rushes to cut across him, his mouth working faster than his brain could keep up. Which he really should have known better than to allow, since most of the time it got him into trouble. Especially when it came to Cas. Always fucking up. “We were all there, this time you’ll be on your own and let's face it wouldn’t be the first time you’ve walked into a trap…” It was a cheap shot but he wasn’t wrong either.
“Will you, I mean, would you… Will you move in with me?” Dean looks hopefully into Castiel’s eyes, “I want to live with you, to wake up to your beautiful face each morning, to come home to you after work each day… I just, I want you and me. What do you say?”
Lisa gave Castiel a sad look “I’m sorry to hear that, Dean didn’t go into details about the breakup and it wasn’t my place to ask, but I am sorry you have had to deal with that”
Castiel's breath caught and he stared up at Dean, momentarily lost for words, he hadn't expected such a confession. Not knowing what to say he lifted his head up to meet Dean's lips and curled his fingers around his neck.
"I feel really shit about it, now that I've met you and everything... I am sorry Cas. If there is anything I can do..?"
Dean gave Castiel a stern look “I know that Cas, I’m just saying she was warning me about him and said to let you know, she only spoke to her friend last night or she would have told you herself.”
Castiel woke with his hand on Balthazar's waist, he looked at his shirtless back and began to trace circles with his finger into his boyfriend's warm skin, stopping when he saw a bruise on Balthazar's shoulder. He frowned at the mark, it didn’t look too painful, but he didn't even know Balthazar had hurt himself.
As he reached the front door to his shop and was putting the key in to unlock it, a bus went past and he saw in the reflection of his shop window the poster on the side of the bus 'Winchester Book's Super Store Opening Soon'. He turned to watch the bus drive down the street, clicking his teeth together feeling slightly anxious, before shaking himself and going into his store with fresh determination.
It had been three… no, four weeks? Four weeks since Dean had ‘moved in’ as Castiel put it. Four weeks of ropes and handcuffs, four weeks of rewards and punishments. Four weeks of not seeing or speaking to Sam, of only having Castiel for company. Dean wanted to get out, to go home and see Sam. He missed his brother and spent a lot of time wondering how Sam was coping with him being gone. It made his heart physically ache to think that Sam might be out there right now looking for him, worrying about him.
He inhales a sharp breath of air and his head twitches as a shudder runs through him, as he turns back to Balthazar, the man holds up his hand, showing Dean a scar that goes across two fingers.
Dean’s face paled as Castiel spoke. Castiel was stood right over him now and his expression suddenly changed from doting to dark.
Dean was nervous, 'Shopboy' had asked him if he wanted to join him and some friends at a bar called 'The Triangle' on Friday night. The next two days had seemed to go by in the blink of an eye, he'd been busy with the store and hardly had a chance to message 'shopboy' since saying he would be there on Friday.
Castiel moves, in and out, in and out… pressing himself further and deeper inside Dean, his pace picking up, the sound of Dean’s grunts of pain fuelling him. He ignores Dean’s begging, he disregards the man’s sobs, he believes - no he knows, that Dean wanted this, deep down. He’d wanted Castiel to fuck him, he’d wanted someone to take control of him, to use him, to worship him unforgivingly.
“Charlie… I am sorry for that night… I don’t know what came over me… I want to make things right, with you and Castiel”
Then he gets carefully off the bed and puts the camera on the desk on the other side of the room, opening a drawer and pulling out two long lengths of white rope. He runs it through his hands, feeling his desire awakening at the roughness of the rope.
Castiel's eyes darkened as he looked down at Dean who was still clinging on to the door handle, with great difficulty as his wrists were duct-taped together. Holding on as though for his life... Funny that the one time he doesn't plan on killing his 'hook-up' they should act like this.
“I was thinking we could have a few drinks, watch a movie… You could stay the night… if you wanted?”
Castiel frowned at him "Oh I'm sorry... Dad. Would it be a good idea to go home with a handsome doctor and spend the night with him, so I don't have to go home alone, drunk and just sit up thinking about how my mom's business got buried today? Because of you."
“Balthazar…?” Whispers Sam, looking toward the door and checking they were alone before stepping closer to Dean “Really? You think he is capable of that?”
"You're so hot," whispered Castiel wanting to give something back to Dean now that he had him at his home, "so hot."
The need for air became more and more necessary, cursing himself as he slowly pulled away. When he opened his eyes, his heart stuttered at the look in Castiel’s ocean blues. Why did they look so... angry?
Dean types out his reply and closes his computer down properly, placing it back on the table beside the couch. He stood up and stretched, the couch was by no means uncomfortable, but it wasn’t a bed. He dug around the seat for his shirt which he’d pulled off during the night. He shook out the worst of the crinkles and pulled it back on over his head. He’d change properly in the bathroom.
Dean smiled weakly "Yeah... That's when I found out it was Castiel I was talking to... Where are you going? Can we talk about this?"
“You’re forgiven.” He smiles at Dean warmly, “I’ll take your tray and get you a radio if you like? Some music will help.”
“Until the hunt is wrapped up. I don’t know how long that may take.” says Casteil looking away now. He reaches for his bag, feeling Dean’s heavy gaze upon his face.
Balthazar didn’t sleep well last night, truth is, he hasn’t slept well since breaking up with Castiel, he’d got so use to having someone in bed next to him, to having whatever he wanted, when he wanted. Castiel was his bedwarmer. Michael was his lover… He lost them both and doesn’t know how to handle being alone. He wants to tell Dean to back off, that he and Castiel are going to fix things, so he goes into Winchester Books Superstore, looking for Dean. He is shocked when he sees Charlie there… But not as shocked as she is to see him.
"That's the same as asking him if he is, oh this is ridiculous... I'm just going to leave it for now." he said getting up and putting the laptop on the table, he walked away.
Maybe that was the problem, he’d never said it. Too scared of being honest with himself after years of burying feelings and lying to those around him. Sleeping with countless, nameless women in the past to cover up the truth, that the one person he really wanted to be close with, in that way, was in fact… a man, and not just any man. Oh no, he had only gone and fallen for his best friend, speaking of…
“Castiel changed for me, he grew, evolved. But, he changed again… when he met you. He was supposed to kill you, instead, he tore up the whole script and burnt the pages. I was… unimpressed to say the least but I love him, so I thought I’d be merciful, I thought I would let this play out, see how long it took him to get bored of you.” Balthazar clicked the projector again, the image vanished and the light on the machine flickered out, “But he didn’t get bored of you, did he? I watched, day by day as he grew fond of you, as you called out to him as you came, as you begged... as he relished it. That betrayal sinks deeply into my heart like a blade, you can’t imagine the pain... yet, but you will.”
"Perfect, actually. You go and sit down, I'll grab us some plates," he said, sniffing at the opening of the bag, "damn that smells good."
Balthazar had stood frozen in shock in the pouring rain after Michael had hung up on him. He had walked aimlessly through the streets until he had found a bar. That was almost a month ago now, he’d drank more in the past month than he had in his entire life… He’d even gotten into trouble at work for it. His boss had told him, in no uncertain terms that he was on his final warning and to ‘sort his life out’.
“Dude, pie” Said Dean holding out a large pecan pie toward his brother as he stepped into Sam’s house.
The angels eyes were full of panic at Dean’s expression. Dean blinked at him, he had been about to get angry, to start shouting at Castiel but then the angels desperate face had squashed his anger in one go. ‘How like Castiel to take that damn song so literally’ thought Dean and suddenly it all seemed so hysterical.
"If this is what I have done to Castiel... Whom I love... What do you think I am about to do, to you?"
"Oh," said Jo stunned, looking back at the pair of men at the table for a moment before following Garth quickly out of the building.
But Dean doesn’t answer him. Dean is already gone, his open eyes are hauntingly staring up at Castiel. Dean’s lips are parted slightly and the echoes of his last confession whisper in the winds around them. Castiel’s scream sends waves of power oscillating from his chest, where his heart is breaking, shattering from something hole and full of love, to something cracked and dying. The power waves boom out, larger and larger as he lowers his forehead to Dean’s and sobs… His rain of sadness splattering across Dean’s face… As he mutters out to him, over and over…
Castiel sighed and shifted slightly so he was a little closer to Dean, “Is it not better?” he asked softly, finding Dean’s gaze and holding it with his own. Damn those green eyes, so deep and beautiful.
"We're going to go now to Castiel" Said Jo giving him a quick hug “If you need anything, you’ll let one of us know? Okay?” Castiel nodded and watched as Garth, Jo, Meg, and Charlie all left the room.
“I’ve been working up to it,” he says weakly, it was about the only thing he could muster at being caught off guard with the angel's statement. He doesn't know what he was expecting after the kiss, probably some chick flick moment where they kiss again and all that had happened before would be forgiven. He was just kind of winging it at this point. His heart had finally won control now instead of his brain. “I’ve-It’s more like-"
While they wait, Castiel tries to tune out Sams excited and irritating chattering next to him, he needs to think. He needs to know exactly what Dean does or doesn't remember.
Charlie narrowed her eyes "Garth.. if you're in some kind of trouble... Like something, dangerous… You have to tell someone, us or the police or someone… ok?"
"You don't seem to happy about it?" Castiel tilted his head at Garth, this was unlike him, usually, Garth was cheerful, even in the mornings. Castiel couldn’t remember seeing him like this before, it was like his mind was somewhere else completely "Are you sure you're alright?"
Castiel slides back down Dean's body, one hand gripping Dean's cock as he brings the other up to his own mouth and sucks on a finger, wetting it and moaning lewdly. Then he reaches down beneath Dean, enjoying as the man flinches at the touch of his moistened finger.
Dean couldn't meet Castiel's eyes, he tried to keep his mouth shut, tried to ignore the way his heart ached as he asked: "You going back to his?"
Dean continued to search, his eyes seeking out those familiar blues, but pain and disappointment only bloomed stronger when he realised the only face missing from all of those before him was Cas’s.
Dean grinned nodding, before looking down at his plate "Well I guess that will be enough for me, for now... Have a nice evening."
"Balthazar has been cheating on me, as I'm sure you know by now... He would always be "working" late and I use to hate it, not speaking to him for more than a few moments each day... I felt... lonely" He swallowed wondering why on earth he was telling Dean Winchester all this "But when I started talking to
"Thank you, Dean, if you need any help just give me a shout." said Castiel. He flashed another award winning smile at Dean before moving away to help another customer.
“And that’s it? I’m too intimidating for you to talk to, to be real with?” Castiel asked, sounding sad.
Turning to lock his doors and drops his keys close to the front tire on Sam’s car. A quick side glance left and right confirms there is no one nearby and as he crouches down, his gloved hand dips into his pocket and pulls out his pocket knife. His other hand also gloved rests on the top of Sam's front tire. He leans over slightly and feels his way behind it for the brake line...
Dean’s eyes flick back to look at his face and his head turns to follow, how can this man, the man who’s had him cuffed to a bed naked for a week, looking sad pull at his heart like this. Why should he feel guilty for not kissing him?
Hmmm, I don’t know… Your copy of Joyful Gay Sex: The Ultimate Pleasure Guide, could do with turning slightly to the left so the title is clearer from the door… You need to have your copy of How To Top Like A Porn Star somewhere he can see it too… The lube drawer needs opening just a touch so that if he steps into the room he can see you’re stocked up… Sheets are nice and clean, that’s fine… I’d close the curtains and have the lamp on in here if I were you… Set’s the mood early… Box of tissues by the bed, check…
“Would you like some coffee?” He called to him and Dean smiled. Some warm feeling inside him enjoying how domestic it suddenly felt.
He re-read his message and clicked send. Closing his laptop and letting himself flop back on to the bed.
The box of decorations was pushed neatly under the tree - waiting for Dean’s return, next to one single present. Wrapped perfectly, with bright red and gold shiny paper, tied with string and laiden with a chunky label that simply read ‘To Dean x’.
Dean gritted his teeth. Thinking how stupid it was that he hadn't yet revealed to Castiel that he was 'Win67'. Thinking that maybe if he had, it would be him sharing a fishbowl with him instead of this sexy doctor. Of course, it could have gone the complete opposite way and he might not have been invited out tonight at all, the truth was he wasn't sure how Castiel would react, sometimes he debated telling him at all...
"Where are you going?" called Charlie after him, eyes flicking between Castiel walking away and the laptop left open on the messenger app.
Looking small and scared, Dean tugged his jacket tighter around himself and shook his head. Castiel could feel the pain that radiated from the child's chest, through his grace he could detect the bruises that were darkening against Dean’s skin there, the angry ghost-like marks of a fist.
You know, you wound me when you doubt my love for you. I can no longer imagine my life without you, please… don’t ever forget that. I need you. I’ll always be the one who pounds you deep and raises you to heaven.
"You know exactly what I am talking about, you fucker. Don't think I don't know this was your plan all along, flirty dancing with Luke to piss me off."
“It’s you-your name. I will shout out your name... when I come.” Will he? Would he really be able to do that?
“Because angels don’t just go around answering all the prayers they hear and helping people whenever they ask for it. There are rules, I broke them to come here but I had to, I had to make sure you were alright.”
Dean looked up at the back of her head, wondering what to say but Garth spoke before he had thought of anything.
"Dude.. you like him? But you know he is with someone, this is so stupid Dean. What if you meet him and like him even more and then can't do anything about it?" Said Sam.
Rather than say anything to Castiel about how he was feeling (pissed off and jealous- in case anyone’s asking), Dean had decided (very maturely) to avoid the situation and seethe in aggressive silence. Imagining Dale and Castiel together turned his stomach slightly…
Sam was now standing a few steps behind his father, his eyes wide as he looked back and forth between the two men. John was squaring right up to Balthazar, pointing a finger at his chest but just when things looked as though they may get physical, Balthazar folds his arms across his chest and with the look of a man who knows he’s been out played, he asks bitterly, “So, what do you want?”
The weight on top of him stills and single fingernail draws a tingling line down from his chin to his jugular.
Castiel clicks the ‘play’ button again, it’s the ninth or tenth time he has listened to it now. The soft strumming of the guitar begins, quickly followed by Dean’s voice. Singing out smooth, soothing notes. Just for him.
"Hey man" Dean gave him a polite smile and nod before picking up his drink and taking a swig, he’d planned to just finish his drink and leave. Clearly, Castiel hadn’t quite forgiven him yet and Dean didn’t know how to be around him when he’d made it clear that he still harbored some ill feelings toward him about losing his shop.
I should apologize to the cute guy for scaring him… I wonder if he’ll want to kiss and make up. Ha Ha. Those lips were ridiculous, plump and pink… Blow Job lips. I can just picture him on his knees for me… My hands running through his hair as my cock hits the back of his throat…
Maybe he was still dreaming? He entertained that idea for no more than a few seconds, this was too real. A little gasp from Dean had Castiel tighten his grip on him unwittingly. Fuck, this was strange and wrong? Bad?
‘Not really. Dwelling on sad things only makes me sad, it happened and there is nothing anyone can do to fix it. I just needed to let myself feel it as I think I was putting it off. I do feel better now though. Been getting on with some other things and took a long bath. Shopboy… Maybe I should change my handle now… Shopboy isn’t exactly accurate anymore… Shopboy’
Castiel and Dean arrived at Sam’s house half an hour later. Greeted by the wonderful smells of the Thanksgiving dinner cooking.
“You’re already crazy! Get off me,” says Dean gasping through the bitter taste of powder from the tablet he’d been made to swallow dry.
He stepped through his front door, pulling his trenchcoat on and stepped out into the rain. The sky was grey and clouded over, reflecting his mood perfectly he thought to himself glumly. Castiel wrapped the scarf he was wearing tighter around his neck, holding in some comforting warmth, as he walked to work. He barely noticed the rain, he wasn't to bothered by the cold either, he had one thought on his mind now... To get to work and speak to Charlie about 'Win67's last message…
Reaching the sink, Castiel rinsed out the mug and put it on the counter. It was getting late now, another coffee would keep him awake all night, so instead he warmed up some milk, flavouring it with a pinch of cinnamon. He took the pan from the stove when the milk had warmed and poured into his mug carefully. He frowned as he felt an icy chill breathe over him.
“What… what are we going to do?” Asked Castiel shaking, he turned to face Dean, seeing seemingly for the first time the cut on Dean's head "Oh, Dean... You're bleeding"
"Of course... It's Halloween and we have a lot to celebrate. The shop selling, you two getting new jobs, me being Balthazar free for three glorious weeks. Plus, I may have an idea what I'm going to do now..."
“Did you send him flowers?” Asked Dean suddenly, Charlie shook her head and Dean sighed heavily “I think Balthazar sent him some flowers, he wasn’t sure, but it wasn’t me and if it’s not you… And then there is the fact he’s been drinking a lot, turning up to work drunk and being aggressive… I don’t like it. Balthazar is a nutcase”
Dean hears the unmistakable sound of a zip opening. Desperately, he tries to close his mouth, he tries to shift the metal ring with his tongue, tracing it around the cool bar and pushing against it. As his tongue circles it, his mind takes in the size and shape. He shakes his head, powerfully, rapidly from side to side. Slurring out an unintelligible plea.
When Dean opens his eyes again, the feeling of lips at the back of his neck, the feeling of strong hands massaging his shoulders is gone. Instead, he feels ropes. His ankles, his wrists are bound. He looks at his wrist groggily, then tilts his head to look down at his feet, he notices with a jolt that he is naked. When did that happen?
“How I will feel in the future doesn’t really help me right now… I just… I keep thinking, all the time I was with him… How didn’t I see what he was capable of?”
“Because… You are good and this isn’t your fault. You don’t deserve the hardships you’ve endured… are enduring. You have a kind heart, Dean. These days… that’s a rare thing.”
Dean blocked him as best he could, trying to shift Balthazar’s weight off him, but Balthazar punched him in the side of his head dazing him. Dean’s vision blurred and he shook his head slightly, trying to clear it.
Castiel would be waiting for him inside, it was Friday. Which meant dinner together and a movie with a bottle of wine - usually followed by mind blowing sex and lazy cuddles. They had been spending alternate weekends at each other's places for several weeks now. Getting more and more comfortable in each other's space, as the weeks went on. Eventually, Castiel had given Dean a key to his place and Dean - who had been thrilled and had definitely not teared up, like at all - had gone out to get a key cut for Castiel the very next day…
"Ah OK," he said before turning to John, he knelt down so that he was eye level with his nephew, "You know that zombies aren't real? Right pal? It's a good thing too, for them, as I bet you'd get them all in no time, right champ?"
Sam looked taken aback, “Oh… er, well I had hoped that you would have waited a little longer but… I guess really the only person who knows how much time he needs… Is Dean.”
Castiel smirked before practically skipping away to grab a plate. He piled it high with coconut shrimp and tiny cheeseburgers, as he moved around the table sampling some lovely spicy green thing that he had absolutely no idea what it was, he got talking to someone about how amazing the food was and then noticed... "Dean?"
At that moment Castiel realized that half the people who had been enjoying drinks in 'The Triangle' were either plastered against the window watching or coming out into the street, jeering and egging Dean and Balthazar on… He felt sick, how had his ‘fun night out’ turned into a street brawl.
After a nice meal, everyone moved from the dining room to the living room to play games, true to their word John and Ellen won Monopoly… The fact that Dean and Jess had been throwing clues their way of what to do when it was their turn went unmentioned. Castiel won dominoes, Dean won Black Jack and Sam and Jess won charade’s which wasn’t surprising really as they had been together for almost ten years. Castiel laughed as Dean tried to act out a scene from Titanic by holding Ellen against a door and pretending to drown himself… Whilst indicating that there was plenty of room on the door for him to join her… and Ellen shaking her head at him and waving with a smile as he ‘drowned’.
“Hello?” Castiel sounded irritated, he notes. Probably because he hadn't been able to mold Dean into seeing things his way yet.
"Hey handsome," said Charlie carrying a bag of toasted bagels. Followed closely by Garth who also had a bag - but Castiel didn't know what was in it, Garth smiled at Castiel's confused face
Balthazar watched her walk away through narrowed eyes, before turning to Castiel with a strained smile "Go ahead, I know you haven't eaten. I should have made you something at home, I just didn’t think. I’m sorry. I'll get us some drinks"
Charlie huffed "Or lack thereof. Seriously, I don't know how you survive... I couldn't go for more than a month without going nuts."
Charlie nodded “I’m sorry, it was a split second decision and I kinda figured if he thought Castiel had moved on, he might back off.”
Castiel had been tired. He hadn’t realized just how tired until he’d lay down on Dean’s soft bed and fallen swiftly asleep. He dreamt of the water fight with Dean and Sam. He dreamt of how see-through his friend's white shirt had gone when Castiel's water balloon had struck him directly in the chest... He dreamt about those toned muscles on Dean’s arms and chest. He dreamt of him and Dean being alone in Dean's room, stripping down to their underwear together. All of that had happened, of course, completely innocently. But then the dream went further, images of him touching Dean with his fingertips, gliding them over his chest. Pinching his nipple teasingly, touching him all over, kissing his plump lips...
He tapped his fingers on the side of his computer debating sending something to 'Win67', but decided against it and pulled out the vodka and some glasses from the cupboard instead.
"Are you really going to have to move?" Dean had asked nervously. He’d overheard Balthazar talking about it when the phone had been dropped.
Castiel felt himself fill with icy distress as he realized who the paramedics were gathered around. Dean and Balthazar were both lay unconscious on the ground and Castiel could see clearly... there was blood now.
"She's going to be just fine. We’ll give her some more painkillers before you leave and she'll have a lovely pair of shiners for a few days. Which by the way... you should have photographed if you're planning on pressing charges against her attacker. But other than that, she's good to go"
How long has it been since I saw my beautiful? How long will it be before we met again? What if I never see Dean’s Asshole again? How could I ever be happy with anyone else’s asshole, now I’ve already experienced perfection… How cruel it is to be able to taste that sweet bliss and then be dragged away from it…
Castiel looked out of the window of the Impala, he chuckled a little laugh and rubbed his hand over his face “You wouldn’t believe it… I don’t know how to explain it… I’ve never actually met him”
It was a year since the ‘incident’, Dean had moved in with Castiel a few weeks after it had happened. After Castiel had insisted that it would help Dean’s nightmares if he wasn’t alone. He cooked Dean’s meals for him, he bought most of Dean’s clothes for him, he lay next to Dean at night with an arm wrapped around him, holding him tightly to his chest. Sometimes Dean would wake up to Castiel watching him and Castiel would always tell Dean that he’d been having a bad dream and that he was watching over him. That he was there for him and Dean would curl into him. Castiel would make slow savory love to Dean and tell him how perfect he was, how beautiful and strong he was.
Garth nodded and began walking away. Charlie smiled at Castiel "Night Boss! Have fun with your mystery messenger."
"I.." stuttered Garth as his eyes were met from across the room by Balthazar's... Balthazar stood up and moved across the room in seconds, towards Garth and Jo. Jo looked a little startled by the man's face as he approached. Garth stood in front of Jo on instinct and stared past Balthazar to the man who was still sitting at the table he had just left, watching Balthazar with an odd expression of confusion on his face. Balthazar stopped in front of Garth and Jo.
Castiel rolled his eyes, now the coffee made sense, it wasn’t some thoughtful gesture… it was Balthazar’s way of making sure Castiel had his wits about him for this evening, he sighed heavily but got up and made his way to the bathroom to go and take a shower anyway.
Dean scoffed, with an eyebrow-raising dangerously close to disappearing from his forehead, "Young, attractive and available isn't your type?"
Dean turns to look at Castiel, “What are you?” He asks quietly, as though he is fearful of offending Castiel.
"That's OK" Smiled Benny before turning back to the bar to order himself a drink, Castiel glanced back towards his friends, Dean shifted quickly as Castiel looked over.
Lisa shakes her head, “Not with the meeting, it went really well. I offered to give him some feedback when he has a first draft ready…”
Dean frowns, was he meant to answer that? This whole situation was so passed crazy that he was losing patience with it. If Castiel wanted him dead, he’d be dead already, wouldn’t he? Feeling a sudden burst of anger and boldness from God knows where Dean squeezes his eyes shut and starts shouting at Castiel.
Castiel is lying in bed, with his laptop on his lap messaging ‘Win67’ in between making notes for an adventure story, because he can do that now without having to worry about keeping Balthazar awake, he doesn’t have to worry about him at all.
Castiel swallowed down the hurt he felt at Charlie’s words, hurt that he knew wasn’t even directed at her. It hurt to hear those things, because some part of him believed them. He wanted desperately to get things back on track with Balthazar. He wanted them to be like how they had been when they first got together. He is sure that they can get there again, so he huffs and frowns at Charlie, "He's just been busy lately, working a lot. Every couple has good patches and bad, this is just a bad patch - it will pass" He said hoping that was true and choosing to ignore the tone Charlie put on the words 'love him'... Why did that make him squirm so much? He does love him... Doesn't he?
Sam hadn't been able to argue with that, they would have hired more part-time staff for the Christmas rush anyway, this way they saved money in the short term on training.
Castiel was panting as Dean's lips moved from his own to his neck, licking and kissing and biting gently against the flesh of his throat, it was Dean-fucking-Winchester, Mr. Sex on legs, jacking him off in a back alley. Anyone could walk past, anyone could have seen them and Dean didn't seem to give a fuck. Despite the weeks of him avoiding Castiel, since their drunken kiss, despite him repeatedly telling Castiel that he was straight and that he'd been drunk and that it had been a mistake...
“What is it?” Castiel asked looking at Dean searchingly as though expecting to see some kind of gift-wrapped present suddenly in his hands.
Charlie and Castiel talk late into the about Win67, Dean, and Balthazar, about Charlie and Meg’s relationship which had started as them just having fun but had now become exclusive. They talked about Garth and Jo and about how they hoped Jo said yes when Garth asked her to move in with him.
As he moves the cursor to the button for the last link… He already fears it. He already knows it. He had called him about Sam, he had warned him… To get him out of the house. Castiel had always known that Balthazar was watching, some of the things he’d done to Dean… Some of those awful things, Castiel had done to keep Balthazar away… His finger hovers over the button to that the last link...
"Honestly, we have been getting slower Charlie... I mean his store isn't even open until Friday and we're already slowing down, people are waiting to buy their books at discount prices, who can blame them with Christmas around the corner... We've been almost an hour now... and no one's been in. I’ll admit it, ok I'm worried"
Dean scribbled down on a piece of paper to ask Sam about creating a book swapping/donating station at their stores.
Castiel arranged to meet Dean for coffee, he was nervous, even though he was willing to take Dean again if it came to it... he really just wanted Dean to want him. So when he shyly asked Dean, he was trembling slightly and Dean gave him the warmest smile, reaching over to place his hand on top of Castiel’s as he nodded and very softly ‘yes’.
"Don't order anything, I have a huge pile of take out here if you want to join me? Balthazar is working late and I already bought this, girls night?" he added trying to sound as though his boyfriend suddenly agreeing to work late was not bothering him at all.
He was jerked from his miserable thoughts when Dean suddenly blocked his path with his body. He frowned. The two of them did an awkward two step shuffle until Castiel managed to maneuver himself around the hunter.
The machines stop beeping and ring out one long gut-wrenching tone… as Jack seems to fade away before his eyes. His boy's body stills and Castiel’s eyes shimmer with unshed tears and he drapes himself over Jack's lifeless form hugging onto him, holding on tightly. Praying for a miracle. Whispering a string of “No, no, no… not my boy, please, not Jack…”
Dean gave Sam the finger “It’s about good business and me being able to sleep at night. You haven’t seen Cas, that store was important to him… We moved in and took over… He was devasted. It’s not a nice feeling being responsible for someone's pain”
Dean smiles and nods “You’re welcome,” He stops in front of a door and turns the handle, stepping into the room beyond and switching the light on “Ok, this is your room… You’ve got a toilet through there, but if you want a shower in the morning, you’ll have to use the main bathroom… towels are in here” He points to the closet “And there are extra pillows in here too…”
“Do you think, when Jack brought everyone back, that monsters and ghosts would all have come back too?” asked Sam, out of nowhere.
"She was given some strong painkillers for them resetting her nose... They kicked in fast..." She said in an amused tone.
Blood spurts from the wound and the screaming turns to a disturbing gurgling noise, before it stops. Castiel can hear the last desperate and quieting gagging noises Sam makes in his throat as he goes limp in the vampire's arms.
He woke a couple of hours later and got up, finally unpacking the bag of stuff he had brought with him from Lisa's. He pulled out his laptop, feeling a zing of excitement that he could message ‘Shopboy’. He tapped impatiently on the keyboard as he waited for it to load and then sent 'Shopboy' a message with a small smile on his face.
“I got some roses this morning, with no card… I thought, well it doesn’t matter. I asked Charlie if they were from her, but she hasn’t replied yet, so they will probably just be…”
“Surprise?” asked Dean, perking up again now that he knew Castiel wasn’t leaving him. Castiel had found Dean’s hands with his own and held them, bringing up one of Dean’s hands to his lips and planting a gentle kiss on the back of his knuckles.
Fearful of what he might find, but desperate to find Dean, he urgently searches the house, finding the broken door to the wet room, the broken window inside it, the trail of blood leading away from the house. He walks back to the front door and round to the side of the house from where he follows the spots of blood and the footprints into the woods, weaving hurriedly through the trees. He sees a mark on the ground where it looks like someone slipped… and then he hears the sirens.
Unable to contain himself, Dean throws his head forward and vomits. He feels splatters of it hit his feet, hot and strong-smelling. He gasps and wipes the back of his hand over his mouth as he sits up again. Balthazar is smiling at him evilly.
Dean’s lip quirks in a barely there smile as his eyes flick over Castiel’s lips… “Cas… I wish I’d been brave enough… to love you.” He whispers with his last quivering breath…
He texts her back agreeing and then texts Garth to see how he is doing. Thinking how it’s going to be weird not seeing them every day. He sends the message to Garth and then thinks about Dean.
Jo looked stunningly beautiful Garth noted, now nervously questioning his own choice of attire. She was wearing a pretty black dress and had her hair tied up with loose curls falling down her neck. She smiled brightly as she spotted Garth.
Castiel kisses Dean hungrily, relishing in the feel of Dean kissing him back. They’ve kissed, a fair bit now and Castiel has blown Dean a few times and Dean had jerked him off on occasion, but Castiel wanted more now, needed more… His patience had worn out, he needed to bury himself deep within Dean again and reclaim him.
Castiel resists the urge to be crude and moves the conversation on to books and music, he falls asleep that night feeling much better than he had in the morning and much more hopeful than he had for weeks.
Castiel steps into Balthazar’s flat, his breathing instantly shifting from calm to ragged, the bar smells of sweat and alcohol… but here everything was saturated in Balthazar’s sour smell.  Castiel passed quickly through the small living room, opening a door and stepping into the darkened room beyond. He hastily flicked on a table lamp and jumped in surprise at his own face staring back at him in the mirror on the wall. His heart was in his mouth as he closed his eyes and forced himself to calm down.
Dean holds on to Balthazar as he gets to his feet, bringing up a knee and slamming it into his side. Balthazar’s lets out an ‘oof’ and bends slightly forward, which is when Dean releases his wrist and gets his hands around his neck, the chain from his cuffs pressing into Balthazar’s throat and making him cough. Dean brings his face barely an inch from Balthazar’s, looking deeply into his eyes and pouring all his hatred into him through them…
Dean woke up, clutching his side in pain. Somehow he had managed to fall asleep, but in the night had rolled on to his side, he'd been lay on his cracked ribs all night. He got up, wincing as he went to fill his glass of water and took some more painkillers before reaching for his phone, Castiel hadn't called. Dean hoped that was a good sign, but still worried he wrote out a quick text to him and was sending it as his laptop 'pinged'.
owned ‘fat pants’.” Says Castiel sounding serious before adding “I’ll have to make do with stretchy pajama bottoms”
Castiel stroked Dean's cock, he wanted it to feel good for Dean. Not weird... He wanted Dean to enjoy it, so he stilled inside him for a while, letting Dean's body adjust as he jerked his cock. Dean's breathing quickened and his body relaxed fully after a minute, so Castiel gave an experimental hip roll...
"No. No, nothing like that," said Castiel, quickly but Charlie kept eyeing him. Knowing she wasn’t about to let it drop he continued, "We had a nice night, last night and this morning... I tried to... make it a nice morning..."
Coming back to himself slightly, Dean looked back at the merman. The merman was tugging at Dean's shirt now, pulling the clothing from him, once he had the shirt free from Dean, he gave Dean more air, breathing into his mouth again. Before clawing through Dean's pants. He pulled off Dean's shoes too... Letting them fall away.
He sighed as he put down the glass on his bedside table… Seeing Dean in just his boxers was not helpful to his little developing crush.
“Well, I told Jess what you told me but the kids just think your friends coming for Thanksgiving… Hopefully, they won’t ask anything to awkward…”
Castiel opened his eyes as the sun was washing in through his curtains, lighting up his bedroom. He let his eyes adjust to the brightness for a few moments before stretching and sitting up in his bed. He looked over to his desk where his laptop was waiting for him, wondering if he had a message from 'Win67' this morning. Then he looked to his side, guiltily, his partner Balthazar must have gotten up already as his side of the bed was empty. Castiel glanced around the room sleepily, bookshelves lined every inch of wall space and were overflowing with books he had collected over the years. Framed on the wall was the children's classic and his personal favorite The Littlest Angel.
