“Yes, really. Take your shower, without jerking off, and then come eat lunch. If you don’t do as your owner said, then you’ll have consequences, dear.” Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock and stroked it until it was fully hard. “Now, go follow Daddy’s rules.”
The rest of the table waited quietly for Dean to continue.
"Daddy! That's my special hole! It needs kisses, not spankies."
(See the end of the chapter for
"The oil?" Sam tilted his head.
D nodded.
Dean's smile lit up the room. "Really? One of my own?"
He expected for Dean to hold his hand, but instead, the omega began licking and sucking on his pulse point on his wrist. "Don't wanna go, Cas."
Dean nodded and slowly turned around to face the wall. He shivered as his cock touched the tile. "What... what're you gonna do to me, alpha?" He was clearly drunk on lust. Castiel loved it.
“You need to calm down.” Cas was looking at Dean very seriously as if he didn’t have a swollen thumb from a misplaced nail strike with a hammer.
"Sadly, yes. Yes, I did. I hugged him. This random man. I hugged him. My arms went around his waist at the same time that he caught the door. Then, it turns out we were parked beside of them and we had to walk across the parking lot together."
Cas shook his head as kissed the top of Dean's hair. He didn't move away as he spoke. "No. My cousin, Gabriel, is our team leader and was fine with it. I think he's happy for me. For us." The two sat for a moment, just enjoying one another. "I need to get you some clothes and things of your own, don't I? If you're going to be my new roommate."
Castiel couldn't argue with that. "Well, do want you can with the name. He still hasn't communicated his age, but the doctor's seem to think he's between 22 and 25. There's probably thousands of people in that age bracket with 'Dean' somewhere in their name. I'll give you any parameters that you need once you get the preliminary stuff in order."
For a few minutes, or seconds, or hours, they sat there and clung to one another. Castiel wasn't sure how long it was. He didn't care. Eventually, the ambulance had to leave. They reluctantly stood. They both knew that when they stood up that life would resume and they would have to move on from what had just happened. They would have to leave the strangers in the window and move about like the weren't just violated in their own home.
“Oh… okay.” Dean looked lifted his eyes. He didn’t raise his head, but Cas could see that his attention was somewhere over to his right. When he followed the stare, the pacifier was looking back at him from the desk in Dean’s room.
AAHHHHH THIS WAS MY FAVORITE THING IN THE WORLD TO WRITEEEEEEEE. I will be updating this weekend :)
Cas groaned and ran his hand down Dean's back. "Well, why don't we get this blanket off of us, hm?" Dean kept his head in the same spot as he kicked the comforter down the bed. Castiel could tell that he was nervous about getting out of his comfort zone. It appeared that Dean was not very keen on moving from his spot. "Now, hold my hand."
Cas leaned back in the recliner and closed his eyes. He tried taking some deep breaths, but it really didn't seem to help anything. He knew he felt a connection to Dean, but this seemed absurd. There was an enormous difference between finding a mate and finding your Mate. That capital 'M' had Castiel's head reeling. Of course, he felt more than he should for Dean, but how in the world could he have a True Mate? How could he, an alpha with no outstanding characteristics, have something that was only known by most to be an awful trope in overly sappy, romantic movies?
For some weird reason, the term of endearment did nothing to Dean other than force him to cuddle closer. He didn’t feel strange. He didn’t feel awkward. He felt loved. But, something was missing.
At this, Castiel opened his eyes and looked over at Dean. "Why didn't you tell me earlier?"
"I said, take it, boy." Cas still wasn't looking at him, but his voice had changed into a growl and Dean knew he needed to sit all the way down, and quick. After a few minutes of pleasure clouded with embarrassment and arousal, Dean was down to the final inch.
Castiel huffed. "Yes, why?"
Cas was relentless. Talking so fucking sweetly as he was doing such dirty, dirty things to Dean. “And after tonight…” Cas kept his hands where they were but looked into Dean’s eyes. Dean gulped. What the fuck was he going to say? This was so fucking sexy. “I want your moans. I want your begging. I want your desperation and your release. I want those little sighs and gasps. I want that tight heat. I want to fill you up, baby. Over and over again until you can’t see straight. I want to be your Daddy and I want to be your lover and I want to fucking wreck you.”
The 'they rejected me,' went unsaid. Cas extended his hand over the console. "Breathe, sweet boy. Breathe."
“Y-yea, just a sec.” He quickly flushed the toilet and washed his hands.
"I think an eight-inch cock more or less takes care of my needs. What about your needs? You know I'm always ready for you, baby. Whenever you want to make me take it." Dean licked around Cas' fingers.
Dean pointed to himself. "And this, this awesomely strong young man, is Dean."
“Yea.”
"I didn't say to tease the thing, little one. I said to ride it."
Then there were days like today.
Dean's blush had returned. He gave a quick shake of his head.
Dean thought for a moment. "Ask."
Dean couldn’t help the laugh that came from his mouth. “Seriously? You- you have a problem with how it fucks with my oral health?”
"You taste sweet, baby. Put them in. I want to see your little hole eat those fingers up."
“Are you okay, Dean?”
Dean had changed into a pair of too-big sweat pants from Cas's bag and fallen into the uncomfortable bed that they were assigned. Castiel was certain that he would need to buy a new wardrobe by the time the omega had combed his way through and claimed his favorites. Cas was in his comfiest pair of jeans that had frayed long ago at the hem. Currently, both men were shirtless to give Dean as much skin-to-skin contact as they could in the privacy of a police precinct. They would've been willing to completely disrobe if not for the half-way torn curtains and the issue of public hygiene. The joys of a government building.
After working through his paperwork for the day, Cas covered himself with one of the blankets from home. He closed his eyes and took some deep breaths. The past two days with Dean had been so busy and full of excitement. The alpha was quite thrilled about what would happen when he woke up. He couldn't help the smile that formed on his face as he slipped into sleep.
Dean closed his eyes and thought about that option. He knew they needed to have this conversation. He knew it could be fun. He trusted Cas. He was scared, though. He didn't necessarily trust himself. "No, we need to talk. I, um, I'm a little scared."
“Fine.” Cas looked up at him and sighed. “What do you want us to be? I made what I want clear and I think I know what you want, but I do not want there to be any confusion as we start this day, understand?”
"Please, Alpha? Need you to make it all better."
Casitel hummed in thought. "I suppose it's the same way you knew that you wanted to work in the Omega Defense Team. Remember what you told me when I asked you how you knew this was the career you wanted?"
The shower was quick and both of the men were far too tired to waste any more time in the steam. Dean finished drying off first and fell naked onto the bed. Castiel laughed as he ran his towel through his hair on final time. As he turned out the light, Dean repositioned himself to the middle of the bed and spread his legs just enough for Cas to lay on top of him.
Fuck.
Cas knew that Dean could feel his tears wetting the hair on the top of his head. "I do not deserve that grace, sweet boy. I don't know what I would do if I lost you and I... I cannot begin to tell you how proud I am of you for being so brave and strong."
"Yes, ma'am." Dean was smiling, Cas could hear it in his voice.
D just shook his head once and picked up the remote himself. It took a few tries, but he hit the enormous red button in the middle eventually. "Well, then, Mr. Independent. Look at you."
"Always take care of my omega, don't I?" Cas kissed Dean slowly until they were breathing deeper breaths. "Door's locked, baby boy. No one to interrupt us. I need you to tell me what you want, though. You know you're the one in charge here."
Before Cas could ask another question, Dean chimed in. "I don't know a lot about mine either. You'll have to show me whatever sites you use. Found out anything interesting?"
Cas smiled. His perfect, desperate boy. "No, you need dessert."
“You didn’t like… Bullshit. Dean, I need you to be honest with me because now I’m beginning to think that something very serious is going on. Please.” Cas gave him that award-winning concerned look; head tilt and little lip pout included. Damn him.
Cas waited for just a moment. enjoying his omega's touch, before bridging that small gap and pulling Dean closer to him. Dean immediately went lax in his arms as they began slowly discovering the taste of one another. The feel of their tongues. The soft, yet chapped, touch of their lips. There was no rush. Everything they had done so far- the way they met, the therapy, the time at the hospital- all felt rushed. This was different. This was slow. Unhurried. They had all the time in the world.
"Please..." Dean whispered. Castiel could feel the other man's breath on his own lips.
And so the first bedtime story began.
"Damn. Poor kid. But, he let you touch him?" Gabe continued to munch on the candy bar.
The beta stared at the wall and nodded. "I suppose you're right. I just remember this one night as if it were yesterday. I could not get Sam to sleep and I had tried everything in the book. Walking, driving, bouncing, feeding. None of it worked. He... he began saying 'bean,' over and over again. I just thought it was some toddler babbling. Now I know he wanted Dean. He missed him. He knew that he was missing someone important." Her perfect smile was gone. "I have a wonderful son, but I should have two. I should have raised Dean. I should have kept him from the horrors he has faced. Sam hasn't given me details, but he told me that he has had a tough life. I just... I wish I could have made a difference."
The omega kept his eyes trained out of the window, but reached over and squeezed Cas's hand that was resting on the center console.
It took Cas all of fifteen seconds to grab the dessert from the fridge, but he was amazed at how Dean's body had transformed in those few seconds. He was tensed up more, of course, but his cock was moving on its own, desperately trying to find friction from the unforgiving air around it. He was shaking on the dildo that filled him and he had no clue what to do with his hands. They kept moving from gripping his thighs so tightly that he left impressions on them to running through his hair and pulling on it to distract himself.
“I’m sorry.” Dean looked down at the ground and shuffled his feet. Great, Cas had made this gorgeous human being feel embarrassed.
They washed up, sure. Cas touched
"It looks good on you." Dean just hummed in response. "I'm going to put on some comfy clothes. What would you like to wear when you get out?"
Cas took a deep breath and entered into room 327 again. He looked over to D and noticed that the stuffed bee was missing. Of course, the omega was faking sleep again, but Castiel could see the shape of the bee under the covers. Cas smiled and sat down in his chair. He read for a few pages before looking up at the omega again. His eyes were still closed. "You know, D, you're allowed to keep that bee. It's all yours."
D nodded and let his eyes flick down to the bed. He began toying with a loose thread on his sheet. Cas closed his eyes and clenched his fist. This kid was at a level 6 pain, but considered it a 1 because of how shitty his life had been before. Cas had seen something similar in an alpha war veteran he worked with prior to his omega certification. The minor aches and strains were nothing compared to the shrapnel hitting his leg, so he considered the current pain to be negligible. It certainly was not. Any other person would be in bed crying in agony. This kid was tough as nails.
Finally!
Before the doctor left, he tossed the remote control to Castiel. "Feel free to watch TV. Have a nice day."
The genuine smile that had crept up on his face quickly was replaced with a shit-eating grin when Bobby yelled "Your ten minutes was up two minutes ago, ya idjit. Come fix this damn thing."
Castiel couldn't help but laugh. They ate in silence apart from Dean's squeal when Cas told him that he could get more food. This time, the omega filled his plate with berries and toast. He didn't look too happy about the berries, but he ate them all the same.
Trigger warning: discussion of physical and sexual abuse.
Sam grabbed him quickly. The look on Dean's face showed that Sam's surprise hug did, indeed, surprise him. He smiled and wrapped his arms carefully around the beta. "Want us to wait with you, Sammy?"
"Yea, baby. It's good. You go to sleep. You've had a busy day and we have a busy day planned again tomorrow. Is there anything else you need?"
"I'll let him know. Thank you, sweet boy."
Bahaahhhhhhh this just happened. I wasn't really planning on it, but it happened and I'm so happy that it did. Thank you all so much for your comments and support. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate your support!
Suddenly, Dean was hovering right beside Cas's shoulder instead of pacing the floor of the living room. "What's it say?"
“Riding.” Dean spoke up a little more, but it was still quiet.
Dean and Cas rarely went into one another’s rooms. He couldn’t even remember the last time he had been in there. He was looking forward to being surrounded by Cas. His Daddy… His scent… And if there happened to be a pair of used underwear in the hamper that went missing, he certainly knew nothing about it.
"D, would you like me to get any pain medication for you?"
"Yes, but again, remember that this may be his first, middle, or last name. Perhaps even a family name. I just want us to proceed with all of the caution that we can."
"Well, I see that dirty talk is a constant with you no matter what zone you're in, hmm?"
<<From Cas: Oh, well, that isn't like you. Are you okay? What about the car?
Cas opened his eyes before the sun could begin filtering through the window in Dean’s room. It was early; around 6:30 he would guess. He didn’t have to be to his internship until eight, so he decided to lie and watch Dean for a minute. Was it strange? Maybe. Did he care? Not at all.
Cas turned his head. "Now you have really lost me. What's our situation?"
"Um, obviously I'll need those as soon as possible. And why the hell not? You have a garden tub, man! Those things are friggin' fantastic." Dean kept a smile on his face as he sat on the edge of the tub and began running the water. He tested it with his fingers a few times before plugging the drain.
"He was untouched. The best the doctors can tell for almost a year and a half," Gabe took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "A fuckin' year and a half, Cas."
“I… I wanna cum, Daddy. I want you to help me cum.”
“Baby boy, your job was to finish those tasks. I am happy and proud that you were honest with me, but you have to have a consequence for this. Understand?”
Not unless Daddy says. Dean shivered with the thought of his Daddy controlling his cock. He wanted it way too much.
Fuck. He walked over to the break room, got his phone out of his locker, and fell onto the old couch the employees used on their breaks. It was a mustard yellow with burgundy check marks left over from the seventies. It scratched Dean's forearms and the back of his neck as he let his head fall back onto the cushion. This old thing was great to sit on when you needed to eat lunch, but when you're stressed, the thing just added to it. His original plan of playing some mind-numbing game on his phone was not going to help either. Dean glanced around the room and exhaled as he patted his thighs. After very little consideration, he pulled up Cas' name. That lucky fucker was already back home.
Dean's head lazily rolled up and his eyes widened slightly when he saw Cas unbuckling his belt and kicking off his pants and underwear. Cas stroked his cock a few times before pouring the cool strawberry pie filling over his cock. Dean just gave an almost inhuman noise in recognition. Once his cock was covered, Cas stepped up and positioned himself so all Dean had to do was bend down and take it.
"Do you like class rock, too?"
Dean chuckled. “Yea, well, ain’t my fault you turn me on.”
The alpha was truly amazed at how Dean could be so calm, soft, and vulnerable with him when they were alone. So open to feelings and so very, very gentle. As soon as another person entered the room, though, Dean's defenses were immediately up again. The man sitting on the bed was not the same man that tried to give Cas a hickey the size of Texas. This man was... guarded, ready to pounce at the slightest sign of danger, and threatening. He may be an omega in hospital, but he had the face of an alpha in battle. Dean never spoke, but his eyes briefly shifted to Bee before landing back on the nurse.
"Either way, I was down there. I don't know how many there were. It was always dark. Sometimes it was just toys. Sometimes they left them in me for hours, maybe days, at a time. They didn't care how much I cried or begged or bled. I hated it. They always said I was a knotslut because I was an omega and because I came. But they forced it out of me!" Dean began truly sobbing. "I... I was a virgin until then. I hadn't even had an orgasm before they took me down there. I... I hadn't presented so I didn't have any sex drive. I wasn't interested in any of it and then they just... took that from me. They took it and they, they..." Dean was beginning to hyperventilate.
Castiel thought for a moment and tried to choose his words very carefully. "Well, there are some more ways to help. Obviously, mating and having a close bond with someone would help, but we both know we need to wait a bit on that." Dean nodded in agreement. "The other way that I could think of is... getting a more potent sample of my scent."
"Gentlemen, I believe it is time for us to take our leave. Castiel, I will let the night shift know that you will be with D tonight." Charlie smiled as she shut the door and left.
"I hate getting up early and staying up late."
Dean didn't move the pillow, but he spoke up. "I keep forgetting that you can't smell me yet."
Once he rinsed off, Cas opened the glass shower door and grabbed his towel. "So, once we get all cleaned up, what would you like to do?"
"Daddy, I'm being such a good boy. Can I come? Please, Daddy? I'm being your good boy,"
Suzanne nodded and took both of Dean's hands in hers. "Dean... if we had known... if there had been any way to find out..." her calming smile was a sharp contrast to the mascara tinted tears on her cheeks. It was obvious that this discovery was hurting her, too. "Dean, you have to know that until Sam met you at the ODT... sweetheart, we didn't know that you were out there somewhere. If we had, then trust me that we would have adopted you, too. Please trust that."
Cas only hummed. He began stroking Dean’s back as he continued to read. Dean giggled again, and not just because he was little in that moment. That book was fucking funny. Especially with Daddy’s silly voices. At the end, Dean was disappointed. “’Gain, Daddy.”
"Yea, yea, it's in my bag. I'll grab it before I leave."
Dean hummed. "Pups?"
"Actually... I need to discuss something with you, Gabriel." Cas knew that using his full name would make his cousin focus.
"Yes, Daddy?" He was never going to get tired of hearing that name come so easily from Dean's soft lips.
Still nothing.
"It does?" Dean looked up with a small smile.
"Come on, baby boy, it's time for you to go to sleep. I'll go to bed, too. It's already 8:30. We'll try getting into an actual routine tomorrow."
Dean nuzzled into Cas’ chest and wrapped his arms around his waist. Cas pulled him closer. Dean smiled despite himself. The pacifier fell out. He whined at the loss, but Cas quickly retrieved it from the space between them and pushed it close to Dean’s mouth. Right before Dean could capture it, Cas pulled it away. “If you drop it again, then you have to get it back without using your hands.” Dean wanted to protest, but Cas continued. “Good boys appreciate what their daddy gives them.”
"Alright, well, let me split up this pie and we will get started."
In a few moments, a man came into the living room. While Suzanne seemed to still be in her work clothes, or maybe she always dressed like that, David seemed to be in his casual clothes. He wore light-wash jeans, a dark-purple polo, and white tennis shoes. Apparently, "dad clothes" were the same no matter the social class. David was clearly an alpha considering his strong scent of cinnamon and orange. It was a strange combination, but it worked. "Hello, gentlemen! It's so nice to have you in our home!" He stuck his hand out for Cas, which the alpha accepted, and waved across the room to Dean. He may not have intended for it to happen, but the lack of expectations of touch seemed to help Dean stand a little taller.
Dean swallowed hard and let out a whimper. "Promise, Alpha?"
Despite the intimate and comforting manner in which they fell asleep, neither Dean nor Cas slept well. They had stayed in that position for about half an hour before the realities of life reminded them of where they were. The fluorescent lights from the hallway kept shining in every time that the heat kicked on and rustled the cheap blinds over the window. The night-shift agents were meandering the halls and making quiet, constant noise. An occasional laugh or shout made it's way through the closed door to the couple's quarters. Then, of course, there was the underlying anxiety and concern about the prior day's events that kept either man from completely relaxing.
Castiel beamed and kissed Dean softly. The omega quickly pushed back harder and rolled over so he was straddling Cas's lap. "Fiesty today, aren't we, omega-mine?"
He still had a while before Bobby would be okay with him going back out on the floor. So, he laid on his back and put his head back on the couch's arm rest. Not a whole lot more comfortable, but he decided it was better than sitting up. He needed to calm the fuck down. He had been horny during shifts before. Hell, that's what got him through some of them... thinking about going home, stripping down, falling in bed, and doing whatever he wanted to himself. Why was this time any different?
Castiel gave a sympathetic half-smile. He didn't know what Gabe found out during his interrogation, but it must have been pretty significant to change the alpha's scent to a rotten vegetable smell. "I think we have a much more solid lead on his name. He identified that his name was Dean while watching TV. They were talking about different actors who played Superman and when they mentioned Dean Cain, the kid was ecstatic."
"I don't know. It's up to you. This is your home now, so you can decide on decorations, soap and stuff, board games... Whatever you think you would want."
Last night ended very unexpectedly. When Dean stormed off into his room, Cas was left sitting on the couch, alone and confused. He had tried to be understanding of Dean’s coping mechanism, but perhaps that was not the approach he needed to take in this situation.
"It's my duty," the omega let out another yawn. "As much as I hate to say it, as badly as I want to get in that bed you were talking about, I have to shower. I smell like way too many people." He smacked Cas on the ass as he followed him into the house. "Only alpha I need to smell like."
A growl.
"Fuck, Cas! I have to meet his parents!" Cas could hear the omega trying to take deep breaths. "I fuckin' forgot that I would meet his fuckin' parents! How stupid am I? Holy shit!" He sat up. "How the hell am I supposed to talk to these people? How the... oh, shit, Cas we can't go, baby. We can't." Dean was shaking his head quickly.
Cas smirked at that last comment. “Do you want to be
The alpha shook his head and furrowed his brow. "You won't go to a shelter, baby. You can come home with me. I have enough space for us both and I have gotten used to you, as well. I need my Dean." Cas smiled and kissed the top of Dean's head. Then he nosed along Dean's hair and enjoyed the feeling of the short strands tickling his nose and lips. "Always need you."
“Be right back, guys.” Dean got off of the couch and walked into the bathroom. He sat down on the floor against the tub and tried to even out his breathing. Once that was somewhat under control, without really thinking about it, he put his thumb in his mouth. Instantly, he felt his heart rate begin to decrease back to a normal level. He palms felt less sweaty. Something about that childhood comfort calmed him down almost immediately. He didn’t know how long he sat there. His breathing was normal and his heart had stopped pounding in his ears. He could hear sounds other than the rushing of blood in his ears. The familiar weight on this tongue soothed him. The soft suckles calming him to his deepest level.
Cas was so focused on Dean's behavior that he didn't realize the nurse was already waving Dean and Sam back to the exam room. Dean paused halfway. "Can, uh... can my alpha come?"
Moans escaped from Dean’s throat as Cas’ fingers pushed in even further. Dean looked back to see Cas jerking his cock with dilated eyes and parted lips. “You want Daddy’s cum, boy?”
"You are. You are beautiful."
Dean's smile confirmed that some guidelines were appreciated. The omega rubbed his nose along Castiel's mating gland. "Tell me what I need to do, Alpha. Please."
"Well, shit, Cassie. What are you going to do?" Gabriel let out a heavy sigh. Cas was the best at what he did and Gabe really expected to get more than absolutely nothing after his first visit.
"Shh... sweet boy. We won't do that tonight. I think I know of something that you may like, though. Will you trust me?"
"Well, then..." Dean gave as brave of a smile as he could. "Then, I guess we need to go, hm?"
“Do you need your pacifier?” Cas held it back to his lips.
buy them like that, thank you very much,) and Cas with dark denim pants and a nice button up. Dean had his aviators resting on top of his head as they walked down the corridor to the parking garage. The difference today was that the two couldn’t stop smiling or keep from touching each other. Rather it was holding hands or Dean slinging his arm around Cas’ shoulders, they were always touching.
Dean sucked the digit as hard as he could. Licking, sucking, massaging, begging Castiel to let him taste his cock and cum. He understood having to compliment himself… That made sense. It matched the rule that he broke. But not being able to have his mouth full of Daddy’s cum? That wasn’t fair. He only tasted it twice but he was addicted. It was so fucking filthy and yummy at the same time. Cas caught on to his little plan of seduction. “You disobeyed me, love. Your reward was going to be to have me feed you while you sat on one of your toys and you were going to have Daddy’s cum for dessert. It’s a shame you won’t be getting that tonight… Maybe next time.”
"He's never gonna stop." Charlie and Castiel said in unison. They laughed and Cas shook his head. "Thanks, Charlie. I really appreciate it."
Dean let out a long breath and nodded his head. "Thank you."
“W-where is everyone?” Dean looked around, confused that the TV was turned off.
"It is, baby. Good job. The letter A. I think of the words asphyxiation, anal play, and age play. Do you know what all of those words mean, baby boy?"
Dean snorted. "Yea, I'm a joy to be around."
"Sweet boy, oh, my sweet boy, no. You did not ask for that. You were trying to prove a point, not ask for such obscene treatment." Castiel's arm was becoming wet with Dean's tears and he felt as if his own may join the mix soon.
After using the restroom, Cas decided to stop by to talk to Charlie. D was still out cold. "Excuse me, Charlie?"
Sam spoke for the first time since their conversation began. "Sure, dad."
Cas was sure that Dean already knew what he was about to say. "We could get a purer form of my scent if I were to..." he breathed out. "If I were to have an orgasm."
Cas nodded and squeezed Dean close to him before walking them to the linen closet. "I understand, baby. You grab whatever you need. I think I have some bubbles or aromatherapy stuff from a secret Santa exchange a couple of years ago. I rarely take baths."
Castiel smiled as the two men approached him. He was sure that no matter what the test results determined that Dean had claimed Sam as his brother and Sam had claimed Dean as his.
"Yes, Dean?"
Without hesitation, Dean responded. "Protect."
“Sure, but I’m gonna keep holdin’ you.” He smirked, which earned him a slap on the arm.
Cas stared for a moment. He put his hand up to Dean’s cheek and stroked it with his thumb. “Dean,” Fuck, he hasn’t called him Dean through this whole thing. “Dean,” he closed his eyes and put his forehead to Dean’s. “I’ve always been yours. You’ll always have me.”
"Rehab specialist?"
“No.”
"Mhmm... like cock cages and collars and c--"
"I have mouthwash," Cas argued.
“Yes. I do.” Cas continued kissing his neck and worked his way up to his earlobe. “You’re thinking that Daddy is going to send you back to your bed. Leave you alone. Never want to play anymore. Am I right?”
"Oh, my apologies. I was a bit distracted. I am visiting the John Doe that was brought in yesterday morning."
"Hi, Sam." Castiel smiled and squeezed Dean's hand. "I see you've made friends with Dean."
Castiel knew that at this point, Dean was prepared for basically any amount of two-hand touch. He wasn't ready for a hug or something like that, but holding both hands or something small like that wouldn't send him into shock. "Dean, can I hold your other hand, please?"
"It was good, but I think I gained 5 pounds after eating it."
"Hi, I'm Ellen. I'm the cook here and I have known Castiel for about as long as he has been alive. His mama and I are good friends. Any friend of Castiel's is more than welcome in this kitchen. Have all of the food that you want. I've made plenty." She looked back at Cas. "Plates are in their usual spot, drinks are in the fridge, and you have your pick of the seats." She smiled and patted Cas's shoulder before going back to take inventory. If that really was what she was doing.
Castiel shook his head. "Of course, not." He shook the boy's hand. "Are you attending college locally?"
"You make a convincing argument." Dean stood from the water slowly and Cas should not have found it as adorable as it was. The omega's skin was a bit pink from the hot water and he looked so vulnerable and soft. He trusted Cas and Castiel knew that he had to do everything in his power to protect that trust.
Before he really knew what was happening, Dean had pulled Cas by the arms so he was directly in front of his face. He touched his forehead to Castiel's. He opened his mouth, but no sound came out. He tried again, but there was nothing. Eventually, he snarled and Castiel tried to comfort him by running his hand through his hair.
"Mm.. I'm sorry, Daddy. I shouldn't have... I shouldn't have pushed you. I... I'm just so empty and you know I'm supposed to be filled up. I just wanted to be a good baby boy for you, Sir."
"What's bad?"
Cas snarled as his pushed Dean's hips back down and began licking again. It didn't take long for Dean to feel Cas' tongue on the inside. Licking his most special, private parts. He felt like he could fucking cry it felt so good. He felt like a good boy as his cock bobbed between his legs and his hole clenched around his Daddy's tongue. "Cum on Daddy's tongue. That's all you get, baby. Cum."
A pillow hitting the wall shook him out of his thoughts. D's head was no longer covered, but he staring straight ahead with bloodshot eyes. No emotion in his face or tremors in his features. Everyone in the room was looking at him. Slowly, D turned onto his back and laid his hand, palm up, weakly to his side. "D... do you want me to hold your hand."
"He also seems to have plenty of connections. Lawyers, police officers, hell, there's probably even a judge or three up his sleeve. He already seemed to be familiar with the layout of the precinct, which is strange considering he doesn't even have a juvenile record."
Dean's smile was broken by a yawn as he laid his head back. "Good. Just tired. Thought that adrenaline would carry me over, but this has been a freaking crazy day." He shut his eyes and patted Cas' thigh. "I'm good, though, babe."
He gently wiped down Dean’s back and kissed the clean skin. “Beautiful, baby boy. Absolutely beautiful. Tell me, what do you need? I know what I want to give you, but now is your time to talk like a grown up.” Holy hell, how was he this perfect? How did he know how to make Dean’s worries disappear? Cas removed the paci and laid down on his back beside Dean, waiting for his response.
"And... maybe we could celebrate the day, huh, alpha?" Dean slipped Cas's earlobe between his teeth and nibbled teasingly. "Because I've got this adrenaline in my system and I need to get it
"No, no, it does. You originally found comfort in my scent alone and it calmed your nerves. Now you're getting used to having it around you, so you need something different to comfort you. That makes sense to me, sweet boy."
It was Sam's turn to show his confusion. "Um... yes, I was. For about a year before I was adopted. How did you know?"
"Thank you, Gabriel. Let me go to Dean."
"Thanks, Dean. I cannot tell you how much I appreciate it." Sam smiled and put the dipstick back in its place.
And just like that, everything finally clicked into place in that fucked-up head space of Dean Winchester.
Cas pinched Dean’s arm. “Hey, you better show Daddy some respect.” Dean looked up, but the look on Cas’ face was soft. His smile was warm and Dean couldn’t help but mirror it.
Cas could only nod. "Exactly half, huh? That is unusual. Thank you for letting me know. You're right that we can't make assumptions about the situation, but it is certainly interesting. Do you have a menu with pictures? I would love to observe him eat something today."
“Yes, what?”
Time to get creative.
Dean moved Bee to the other side of his lap and happily took Castiel's hand in his. "No, I've missed it. Tired of being stuck in one spot for too long. I'm looking forward to moving around whenever I want at home."
"Shit... never came up did it?" Dean pulled Bee close. "Dean Winchester. I'm 23. I like sunsets, long walks on the beach, and possessive alphas name Castiel."
“Riding!” Dean finally raised his voice.
"You what?"
Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair slowly. "My 'mega."
"Thank you for having us, Mr. Wesson. We certainly are excited to get to know you better. Sam has told us how wonderful you two are." Cas could see Dean shuffling back to his side.
Dean rubbed Cas's hand with his thumb. "So, important question, favorite Batman villain?" And with that, Cas leaned back against the wall and listened to Dean and Sam bicker over the pros and cons of The Joker.
He looked up to see his coworker, and cousin, Castiel standing awkwardly in the doorway of his office. "Cassie! It's good to see you!" He stood and hugged Castiel before quickly dropping back into his seat. He kept the smile on his face, but it was difficult to maintain.
D shook his head "no" but wouldn't move his eyes.
"Omega... you're mine aren't you?"
Around 8:15, Cas caught sight a gruff man came walking into the station with his arms full of papers. He walked straight to Gabe's office. "C'mon, baby. I think the lawyer is here. I need to talk to him. You can come with me and watch TV on Gabe's computer, okay?"
Just like that, the four men at the table felt a little more at ease. They had been so wrapped up in the discovery-of-the-century that they had forgotten why they were here. They gave their orders and Ash left to go "flip patties and roll fatties." He assured them that it was a joke, but Castiel was convinced he was experiencing a second-hand high, so he wasn't too sure about that. As they sat around the table, munching on house chips, the conversation drifted to the weather, Dean's hospital shenanigans, Sam's school work, and Bobby's grandchildren.
With that, they began breakfast.
Dean cleared his throat. "Well... maybe I spoke..." He took a calming breath. Cas tried to put his hand on Dean's thigh, but it didn't seem to help. "Maybe I spoke too soon. Those... those newspaper articles that you found are probably about my parents with those dates, but that... I guess that that don't automatically mean that we're brothers." Dean trailed off and looked out of the window.
"Okay, so, anyways, long story short, the girl was very on edge for the rest of our date. I certainly do not blame her at all." Cas paused. "Then she asked why someone would give me a condom in a pizza restaurant. A very valid question. My response was 'because sometimes pepper spray isn't enough.'" Cas paused again for Dean to get some of his laughter out. "And then the story continues. She literally gawks at me. I didn't even know that people could actually do that and she gets all in my face and says 'excuse me?' I think she thought I planned on kidnapping her. Then I had to explain to her how I was an idiot earlier in the evening when I talked to Gabe. The rest of our date was spent in complete silence. Awkward, awkward silence. And then the worst thing of all happened on our way out of the restaurant."
“You know, since we’re going to be with other people, it might be best for me to drink from that.” Dean laughed at how Castiel jumped and turned around with a wild look in his eye.
"It's already stuck."
"Full name."
sure that he could do it, but he knew that Cas would have something amazing planned if he could do it.
Trigger warnings: sexual abuse, physical violence
"So, I could do that, or I could be shared among him and the other employees. I, uh... I think I was the first person to ever tell the bastard 'no.' He got this mean look in his eyes and got all alpha on me, even though he was a beta asshole that used fake pheromones to get laid. He asked me again which one I wanted to do and I told him I was out. I was done. I turned to walk away and he..." The tears began falling.
As Cas spoke, he saw Dean's expression soften. He didn't cry and tears didn't threaten to fall, but his shoulders sagged and his arms loosened their grip around Cas's chest. "So, it could've happened to anyone? Not just..." Dean gave a huff, "not just an omega?"
“I don’t understand why you can’t just fill me up tonight.”
Castiel took a steadying breath and stood up. "Hello, Charlie, Dr. Roche, Dr. MacLeod."
Dean didn't respond immediately. When Cas looked over to see what he was doing, he saw the omega was smiling and looking down at his feet while he tried to hide his blush. "Our room, huh?"
The next week passed almost exactly the same as Dean's first "talking day." Meals, short therapy sessions, Cas showering and changing at home, cuddling, and some scenting from Dean. It was very monotonous and Cas would tell that Dean was getting antsy. The only thing that had really changed was the fact that Dean and Castiel couldn't seem to stop the growing bond between the two of them. They let pet names slip and cuddling to be too intimate. Cas knew it would eventually blow up in his, but for fuck's sake, when he looked at Dean, he didn't care.
Dean nodded his head far too dramatically, "I think I'll die if you don't tell me."
Dean placed a final kiss to Cas' forehead before retreating back to the living room. He made eye contact with Cas as he dramatically picked up his shirt and put it in the hall hamper. "Happy now?"
<<From Cas: Good boy. Now, go finish your shift. Only two hours left. I love you, baby.
"I found something out about Dean today and I think I need to drop his case."
Castiel parked his car and walked into the hospital. The acrid smell of cleaning agents, disinfectant spray, and urine filled his nose. Poor kid. Having to stay here with no familiar or comforting scents. He must be scared to death. As he looked around, the receptionist coughed. "I said- patient name?"
"Of course, sweet boy. I'll email Mr. Singer right now and let him know that we need Sam's contact information. You too seemed to get along very well, and believe it or not, spending one-hundred percent of your time with a grumpy, old alpha like me isn't very healthy." Cas smiled and Dean shook his head in return.
D covered his head with the pillow. All Castiel could hear was his mumbling.
"Um, yes, I suppose that I am."
He was happy. Apart from there being no pictures of Dean in the room, he was still happy.
So, he decided to do the one thing that helped him calm down. It worked when he was four and it still worked like a charm.
“Right here, Daddy.” Dean couldn’t help but lift his arms up.
Dean stared up at him with eyes wide and his mouth open. Holy. Fuck. "Yes, Daddy. I'll ride it."
"Promise?"
"But, it has to be. You said that you called out O, D, T and he gave a positive response-"
"No." Dean turned his head the other way. "You ever in a foster home?"
The next chapter will be up within the next two weeks. I have had a lot going on with family and with work, so, it may be longer than my usual updates.
"Of course, Bobby. So, what are you two up to today?" Cas signed over his signature from the day before and handed it back to Bobby.
"That better not stick." Castiel tried to look serious, but he knew there was no heat in his eyes.
So, that thought process is what led Castiel to walk out the store with a couple of pacifiers (the pear one was still his favorite because it reminded him of Dean’s eyes), some child-friendly cups and plates, some picture books, and a soft blanket. Cas desperately hoped that this would not be a waste, but it was possible that Dean would laugh in his face, demand rent for the next month, and kick him out. Cas didn’t like to think that Dean was capable of that cold-heartedness, but it was possible with what he was suggesting. If nothing else, Cas could make a charitable donation to a local children’s home. It was all left up to Dean.
“Of course, baby! Do you think Daddy would be good at it?”
Cas's smile grew. "It's all yours, sweet boy."
Sam nodded his head once and smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Novak. I appreciate that."
"What's that, love?"
Charlie shrugged. "None that we could identify. The nurse said she moved the blanket and coat down to check his IV connection and--"
Dean smiled and shrugged.
Cas thought that it was quite clear that Sam was a bit uncomfortable discussing his parent's wealth. "Yes, thank you, Sam. So, you said that your family may want to get a late lunch?"
"Says you." Cas walked into the bathroom and found a rag to wipe off a bit of oil that had smudged his wrist earlier in the car. When he was done, he tossed it to Dean. The omega caught it and did the same on his arm.
"Well, he's facing charges for a lot more than kidnapping, rape, and endangerment. He hasn't paid taxes in at least seven years. The DNA we got from him is connected to three murders in other states and two rapes a couple of cities over. The guy is an absolute scum bag. When you put all of these charges together, you're looking at an extremely long, if not life-long, sentence."
"No one." Cas looked out at his omega laughing with the young intern. "Mr. Singer, who is this kid?"
"It's the same, Gabe. I know I can't smell him, but when I'm with him, I'm happy. Our therapy sessions don't even feel like therapy. It's just us getting to know one another and working together to make him stronger. I feel like I'm part of a team and I can't lose my teammate. So... I think I need to lose him as a patient."
By the time his notes were finished, it was around two in the afternoon. He had three more hours before they would kick him out. "I think I'm going to go grab a late lunch." He pulled out the visual menu. Lots of colorful pictures of the foods that were on D's approved list. Applesauce, Jello, the whole "liquid foods" deal for at least a week He hadn't really looked at it when Charlie gave it to him, but it was bright and cheerful. Something to put the younger kids at ease, probably. "Do you want anything on this list?" He held the menu up in front of him.
When the car came to a stop in the garage, Dean was out in record time and walking into the house. Cas decided to hold back and give him a bit of space. So, he sat in the car for a moment before turning it off. He waited a couple of more seconds to confirm that Officer Hanscum was in her position before closing the garage door. Then he wasted plenty of time on his way into the house.
"Yes, sir. I'm a sophomore at Walden. I'm hoping to go KCU for law school in a couple of years."
"Oh, Gabriel. I am so sorry. Please, let me know if you ever want to talk about it." Cas leaned forward in his chair and felt his alpha instincts reminding him to protect his family. He was always a caring person, but those instincts always kept him in line and made him perfect for his career in rehab.
Dean nodded. "What if I'm not ready for us to go all the way for a long time?"
While he finished his notes, he could feel D's eyes on him. "Good morning, sleepy head." D just huffed and held out his hand. Castiel took it and stroked his thumb over D's fingers. "How do you feel?" D just stared at him. "That was a stupid question, huh?" D smiled and looked over Cas' head at the pain-level chart. Castiel followed his gaze and took it off the wall.
"Well, when we're leaving, there was this elderly couple behind us. I held the door open for my date and for the couple." Cas cradled his head in his hands. "Ugh, do I have to tell you?"
“Perhaps having so many people over put you on edge. There’s no need to be ashamed of calming yourself. Any time you need to come to me to talk or calm down, I’m here for you. I have coping mechanisms, too. I doodle and write and—“
We are back on schedule :)
"Well aren't you just the sweetest."
." Castiel thought and tried to tamp down his anger.
So, here's the deal. I'm sorry. I am so genuinely sorry for not updating this like I should.
"Shut up, man, people may hear you." Dean smiled and kissed Cas on the cheek as they walked. "I do, but I love westerns more. I noticed your DVD collection was lacking in both. Shame, shame."
Dean gave Cas a quick peck on the lips before turning around. “Fine, whatever you say.”
Cas caught Dean chuckling under his breath.
Dean looked up, confused and sleepy. Cas kept eye contact as he put something to Dean’s lips. “Open.” Dean did as he was told. The mystery excited him. Then he realized Cas had put a pacifier in his mouth. A fucking pacifier. That’s what he had gone and bought. He should be irritated and angry. He wasn’t a baby. But… the feeling of something different than his own thumb was exhilarating. It tasted different. A little like plastic, but a hint of sweetness. The feeling compounded with Cas’ arms and scent made him feel more comfortable that he ever had. “Suck.” Dean instantly began sucking the pacifier and he kept his eye contact with Cas. “Good, baby. You’re such a good boy.”
"Yea... yea, me too. Will you pick the game, though? I'm so damn out of my head, I don't know what to do with myself."
As he opened the door and stepped in, Dean turned around and wrapped his arms around Cas' waist. "Thanks for today. Seriously. I know you're about to say that it's your job, but that's beside the point. I really do appreciate it and I'm happy that we got to do this together."
"Yea, that sucks. You're obscenely comfortable." Dean winked and climbed off of Cas.
Dean nodded against Cas's shoulder and let out a content sigh. He stood still, letting Cas take comfort from him, for a full ten seconds before he pulled back. "Come talk to Sam!"
“I know, Daddy.”
"No, baby. Daddy is going to feed you. I'm going to clean up quickly and I want to see you riding that cock as I do so, okay?"
"Of course you are, after everything that happened in--"
"MacLeod? I have his approval right here." Castiel shoved the case file at the doctor. "I may be an external rehab specialist, but I can assure you that I am working within my jurisdiction. Now, please let me calm my patient before I request a new doctor for his delicate case."
While Dean was focused on the pleasure he was feeling and fantasizing about, he didn’t realize that his Daddy had stopped touching him until the warmth behind him left. He carefully removed the boxers from his mouth. “D-Daddy? Where are you going?”
Cas spooned him tight and kissed his neck. “Baby, I know what you’re thinking.”
This is a pretty fluffy chapter between Cas and Dean.
“Okay, you annoying man of mine. Go take your shower.”
He had an affirmative response before he got to his car. (That is if you consider a thumbs-up emoji and a gif of a dinosaur saying "yea-yuh" an affirmative response.) He suspected that Gabe had been sitting on pins and needles waiting to hear from him.
"That is more than okay, D." Castiel kissed the omega's forehead.
"So, he's definitely a beta. That's one of the reasons that he's been difficult to find all of these years. No unique scent." Immediately, Castiel thought to the hospital staff. Almost all medical staff were betas. They couldn't risk a spontaneous rut or heat during an important procedure. While rare, something like that would quickly put the patient's life at risk. No wonder Dean growled at them all so much.
Dean looked at him and nodded once. Despite how hard he was trying to appear tough, it was clear he was excited.
"Yea, you knew that from the beginning. Why do you want to drop the case with all the progress the kid is making?"
Whenever Dean finally decided to release Cas from his tentacle-like hold, the omega would stretch before heading into the bathroom for a shower. Cas would lie in the bed alone for a few seconds and try to find any small piece of Dean's scent that may have settled into the sheets. So far, there was nothing apart from the smell of soap and aftershave. It was a bit sad to know that Dean had improved so much physically and mentally, but his scent was still absent. He hoped it would come back eventually, but he was beginning to have his doubts.
“Here are the rules, boy. I know that you are feeling rather confident that you are going to enjoy this, but this is a punishment. You will not enjoy this. Your punishment is to compliment yourself.” What the actual fuck, Cas?  “You have to think of compliments for yourself- genuine ones- since you could not accept one today. While you’re doing that, I’m going to be jerking my cock while looking at your pretty little self. When I cum, you can’t have any. You’re going to clean me up any other way that you wish, but you cannot use your mouth.”
"Yea, man. The oil. The stuff that makes it go vroom-vroom instead of clang-clang?"
All he could care about was Dean.
"It is around 7:30. Dinner is still warm in the microwave. Do you want me to grab it and we can watch TV on the couch?"
Castiel smiled. "We can do that. We've been meaning to for a while."
As they approached his room, Dean began to walk towards his door. Cas held onto his hand harder, for some reason, and pulled him in the direction of the hall closet. He picked up two towels and two rags before turning them towards the bathroom. Cas placed the towels on the counter before walking over to the sink. He gave Dean a half-smile before nodding towards the toothbrushes that shared a canister.
"I suppose you're right. It will be easy with you calling me on it all of the time." Cas laughed quietly as he walked inside.
"If you must know, he is the most perfectly sculpted creature on Earth. But, that is not relevant to your case."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean rubbed his hand over Cas' clothed chest in small circles. "Sleep."
Stay calm, alpha. Stay calm.
While Dean closed his eyes and gathered up Bee for a nap, Charlie gave Castiel two huge thumbs up. He gave one back. His other hand was still holding Dean's. "Dean, before you take your nap, can I ask you something?"
Thanks for all of the support, comments, and kudos. You guys are giving me more support than you know!!!!!
The omega nodded as he ran his fingers over his chest again and stuck them further into his mouth. He began grinding against Cas's tongue so the alpha's nose was tickling his most private parts. Cas could tell he was getting close when his moans became higher pitched and he shot a hand down to his pretty cock. When Dean finally found his release, he couldn't help but to pull Cas in impossibly closer. Cas smiled at the feeling of Dean cleching around his tongue.
"His alias is Balthazar. His real name is Sebastian Roche."
He crossed over the floor slowly, trying to stay quiet and let Dean settle into the moment. He sat down on the edge of the bed and chuckled as Dean opened one eye to peek at him. "Dean..."
----------------
Dean finally looked into the bag. He needed to change his train of thought. He dumped the contents out on the bed and gave a small smile. On the bed were two more pacifiers, a few picture books, a soft blanket, and a little plushie squirrel. Daddy said to try them out.
"It's okay, baby boy. Remember, if things don't go exactly as you want, I'll cause a scene and we can leave."
"Hey, Bobby." Dean gave a small smile. Cas guessed that this sign of friendship made Dean feel special.
"They say you're the best, but I suppose even the great Castiel Novak has his limits." The doctor turned to leave.
"Thank you for letting me know. And my name is Castiel, by the way. I'm sure we are going to be seeing quite a bit of one another."
The omega continued shaking as he cried silently.
“Excellent, baby.” Cas leaned down and kissed Dean’s forehead. “Give yourself a sexy compliment, baby. I’m so hard looking at those pretty lips. I wish they were around me. I need you to help me, okay? Help Daddy cum.”
"Nope. Nothing. Other than his driver's license and an electric bill payment from a few years ago, this guy doesn't exist. Anyways, as far as his victims, he seems to prefer omegas of low-social class. Outcasts, even. Homeless, prostitutes, runaways. He's a coward. He's not about to go after someone that will be missed."
At the end of the aisle, Dean turned around to face the cart. "Dude, that's a lot of pillows. I need to put some back."
Dean froze as Cas locked eyes from the opposite end of the bed.
About fifteen minutes before the documentary ended, with his feet still being massaged, Dean settled down further into the couch and held Bee close to his chest. He allowed his thumb to go to his mouth and he sighed as he began sucking on it. Cas felt his heart swell. His omega had been neglected of a safe childhood or safe adolescence. Dean had never been safe. So, Cas remained silent as Dean enjoyed his quiet comforts that his new-found safety brought him.
The omega smiled as he blushed wildly. "No one has ever done that to me."
>>To Cas: Love you too.
"Be patient with him. He has so many physical obstacles to overcome at this point that I'm not truly ready to tackle speech therapy, touch reconciliation, or even word association. I'm just going to read today- like I did yesterday- and try to talk to him about once an hour or so."
Dean's muscles were finally back online and he leaned in to kiss Cas. His boyfriend, his daddy, his lover, his everything.
Castiel couldn't help the quiet growl that he made. At the end of the day, he was an alpha. A good alpha, he believed, but an alpha nonetheless. He was beyond thrilled to have his omega pliant and begging to taste him. "Of course, baby. I'm close. Open your mouth, sweet boy."
"P-please..." Dean was getting faster and a little reckless.
“I’m sorry, you scared me.” With that, he turned back around and began pressing the burgers with the spatula.
After an hour, Dean’s room was as clean as it was going to get. He hadn’t began to tackle laundry, but it was still raining. The laundry room downstairs always smelled so gross and damp when it was raining. Cas would understand. He had to admit, his room looked nice and he was proud of himself for following a direction that he would normally avoid like the plague. He was a good boy for his Daddy. He smiled and practically ran to the kitchen to read his next task.
Dean gave a quiet "psshh," and picked it up. "Name?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then go get your plug.”
Cas chuckled and squeezed his hand. "Yea, our room."
"I have an idea, D. Why don't we get everything you want today for the bedroom and for the living room. Then, maybe tomorrow, we can go get your phone set up and get anything else that you want for the bathroom and kitchen?" Cas knew if he didn't cut the kid off, that he wasn't stopping any time soon. Charlie was right with her prediction in the hospital.
“What?” Cas leaned down.
that heat. "Well, I don't want us to go all the way yet. I know that sounds silly considering everything else we've done and thought about doing over the years. but... I want to take you on dates and sleep in the same bed as you and give each other rushed handjobs in the morning before work... I just, uh..." Through this whole thing, Cas had been so confident. They had talked about being more than lovers the day before, but... he had never mentioned withholding sex, so he wasn't sure how it would go.
Cas chuckled and pulled Dean closer. "You're just going to have to find out, love."
"See, fifteen minutes ago, that line would've made me think 'oh, wow, he's so smooth and sexy,' but now I know better. You're a sexy dork. My sexy dork."
"-no preference, really, I mean, I guess-" Dean paused and looked over at Cas. "Oh, I totally thought you were behind me. Anyways, I was saying that I don't really have a preference for hand soap and stuff like that. I like the way that you smell, but I don't want like artificial sandalwood if I've got the real thing with you, ya know? Maybe we could--"
"So," Dean said as he stretched, "the most perfectly sculpted creature on Earth, huh?"
“Dean, they left half an hour ago. You were in the bathroom for forty-five minutes. Are you sick?” His roommate of three years and best friend of five held onto his wrist and stared at him with those damn soul-piercing eyes. You would think a psychology major would know that that stare made people uncomfortable in times like these.
"It's right here."
Cas looked over at Bobby and was met with a shrug. "Well, Sam, first of all, I'm very impressed with your research. I'm sure that was not an easy task given what little information you had to begin your search."
The sun filtered through the sheer curtains in room 327 and Castiel slowly blinked himself awake. He looked over to his left and saw D still sound asleep. Bee was clutched tightly to the omega's chest and his hand was still palm up from where Castiel had held it the night before. The omega's soft snores filled the room, along with the sound of his heart monitor, the IV drip, and the muted sounds of hospital staff running around the hallway.
David spoke up. "Trust me, our lawyers are already looking into this horrible mess. From what we gathered, you two were separated in foster care and things fell through the cracks. It is completely unethical and down-right cruel." The scent of alpha anger permeated the room as David stood from his seat. "We should've known. We should've investigated, but there was no reason..." he sighed, "there was no evidence that Sam had a brother and we took the adoption agency's word as gospel."
Dean didn't have to be told twice. He popped the pacifier in his mouth and got back to work rubbing his hole. At this point, his head was using Cas' thigh as a pillow and he was enjoying the view of precum slowly running down the side. His concentration was broken when Daddy licked over his balls.
"As you are mine."
"And I get to reap the rewards?"
For the first time since they met, Dean purred. A quiet vibrating in his chest. A sign that his inner omega was healing. "Alpha?"
"You are in pain?"
"He'll be okay, though?" Dean was nearly silent. Castiel felt like he would have an aneurysm from how hard he was focusing on his omega's voice.
D and Cas start their morning.
"'m fine." Dean yawned. "Just enjoying our nest. Never had one before. Like it a lot."
Dean smiled and ducked his head down as he fixed some cereal. "I didn't say I didn't love it."
Thank you all so much for the comments and kudos. I say this in almost every note, but I cannot tell you how happy those notifications make me!
"Oh, do tell. Has that kid whipped you even more?" Gabe laughed at his own joke.
A quick nod. Dean wasn't about to waste energy opening his eyes, though. "Is it okay for me to get some things from my house while you're taking your nap? I need to change my clothes and I would like to get a couple of blankets for us. It gets a bit chilly in here and I hate those scratchy things that they give us." Castiel could hear the heart monitor indicating that Dean's pulse was increasing. "I will be back as soon as possible. I'll be back again today, but if I stay in these clothes too much longer, I'm going to start smelling."
"And cock warming, Daddy?"
"Mmm..." Dean's eyes were closed and his breath was coming faster as he worked two fingers into his hole. He loved the burn.
Dean nodded and leaned into Cas's hand that had moved to his cheek. "Love you, alpha."
"Why can't they just, I don't know, grab the kid's arm or something?"
-----
"I'm alright. I'm not some delicate flower that's gonna break." He chuckled, but took the water anyways.
Cas stood, stretched, and leaned over to place a kiss on Dean's forehead. "I love you, too." Cas smiled to himself as he turned and caught Dean's reflection in the living room window. The omega had a small smile on his face and he closed his eyes as he laid his head back on the arm rest.
Dean just nodded. Good babies don’t talk back. What- where the fuck had that thought come from? Damn it, porn. Cas pushed the pacifier into his mouth and Dean accepted it. “Are you going to be a good boy for Daddy?” He fucking nodded. “Then show Daddy you appreciate your prize. Suck, baby. I want to see my baby comfy and taken care of… to see my baby happy.” What the fuck was happening? Where was this almost-dirty talk coming from? His eyes darted around, trying to figure out if this was a dream or a nightmare.
As Cas walked away, he could hear Dean groan loudly. He could hear him pant and try his best not to come from the cock that was buried in his perfect little hole. He could hear him almost cry from the need to come. "D-daddy... please... 'm your good boy. Please..."
Dean wasn't sure how long they laid like that; naked and wrapped up in one another. It was perfect. "So, my baby boy. Are you ready to talk to Daddy?"
Cas settled into his chair and smiled. "Whatever you're comfortable sharing, Dean."
Cas couldn't help that his heart melted a little bit. "Ah, yes, your faithful knight. I shall return with him immediately." Dean rolled his eyes as he took a bite out of his sandwich, but Cas knew that he was happy.
Dean grunted his understanding. Cas grabbed his chin and made Dean look at him. "Understood, baby boy?"
D nodded his head "yes."
After running a warm rag over Dean and then himself, Cas could see Dean slipping out of his headspace.
Dean hummed and thought for a moment. "Kind of like sandalwood. Clean and fresh. But, it's not the actual smell. It was the smell in combination with the feeling I got when it hit me. I had never felt that before."
Dean nodded in agreement as he wiped his hand over his face. "Yea. I think... hell, I don't know. Maybe it slacked off when we met, but now... just scenting isn't enough to keep me from freaking out. I don't know, that doesn't even make any sense."
“Then I am going to fill you up, baby. The way I know you want to be filled more than anything. I’m going to put a finger in you, baby. Fill you up nice. Maybe more than one if you can take it. I’m going to finger my baby for five minutes. One minute for each thing you did not do for Daddy. You cannot come. You cannot rut against the mattress. Five minutes of your tight little hole taking what Daddy gives it. Can you handle it?”
"The hell? Who would've made this test a priority?" Dean looked up at Cas. The alpha shrugged. He really had no idea.
Dean's eyes were filled with unshed tears and unspoken words. "Just leave, man. Forget about this fucking... whatever I just did."
“Dean, love, you broke a rule.”
"Apparently. I haven't used this therapy aid in a while. I guess I'm rusty."
"Oh, yes. I told him, yes, I always carry pepper spray."
"Well, I'm going to go read again. Just give me a signal if you need anything. Clap, tap the bed, anything will do. Get some rest, D."
Both men blushed as they exited their room. As they entered Gabe's office, the angry-looking man turned around. He smelled calm and happy, so it must just be his normal face. "Robert Singer of Singer and Turner. My friends call me Bobby." He stuck out his hand for Cas. His demeanor did not match his appearance at all.
Castiel closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths. "He came very close to dying." He paused and began picking at his fingernails. He had never had this much trouble describing a patient's case to someone, but then again, he had never treated the love of his life, either. "There was a severe infection caused by a cut in his leg that built up in his blood. Due to touch starvation, there was little his own body could do to fight off the sickness. He was covered in other minor cuts, bruises, and his face was beat up horribly. In terms of his..." Cas breathed in deeply. He hadn't discussed this part of Dean's case with anyone other than Roche. He had only read about the rest. "In terms of injuries sustained from sexual abuse, he was restricted to a liquid and soft foods diet due to the trauma to his throat. He had tears and bruising around his genitals. He required hospital staff to assist with the bathroom for a little over a week."
“Yes, Daddy. I understand.” Cas could feel Dean’s lips moving on his chest as he spoke. He was so quiet, embarrassed no doubt, that he was near silent.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't have evidence that he even understands what we are saying right now. So, I ask again, what the hell is this?
"What's that?" Cas ran his nails lightly up and down Dean's back.
"See, I told you, Dean. I will never punish you. You are my friend. The best patient I've ever had."
"It's fine to feel nervous. This has been a stressful day. Admittedly, it's been a good stress, but it was still stressful."
"Boy, I don't know what is going to with you, but you just put conventional in that car instead of synthetic."
Somehow, during his internal panic, Castiel had walked himself back to the bathroom. Shit. Well, no going back now. If it was weird, then it was weird. They were destined to be together. He couldn't mess it up too badly. Right? Right.
"Alright, Angel."
Gabe tripped forward and caught himself by grabbing Cas's shoulder. This pushed the alpha even further against the window. At the sound of him hitting the glass, Dean and Sam glanced over to the office. Immediately, all three men ducked away from the glass.
"Yea?"
"Well, then let's go, omega-mine."
“What?!”
Unlike the last time that they were in the bathroom together, neither made advances towards the other. Cas enjoyed seeing Dean breath out slowly as he settled beneath a sea of steaming bubbles. He ruffled Dean's hair before getting into the shower himself. He knew that Office Hanscum was outside, but he wasn't too keen on both of them being unable to defend themselves, so he decided to make his own shower quick.
He drizzled his peach flavored lube over two of his fingers and ran them over his hole. "D-daddy... It feels so good."
Nothing.
Cas nuzzled his neck and kissed his throat gently. “I know you can, love. Now, we have a little while before Charlie said she needed us, so, why don’t we take a short nap before getting ready.”
Cas cleared his throat. "Um, I was thirteen. It was a few weeks before I turned fourteen."
When they got home, Dean caught Cas's hand as they finished unloading the car. "I'm really tired, babe. I'm game for whatever for dinner, but I think I want to go lie down until it's ready."
"My name?" Dean nodded.
“I told you not to move, love. Lay down and take it. Be my good boy. This is your punishment. You don’t get to come from this. You knew that when we started this. You take what Daddy gives you. No more, no less.” That was true, but Dean had never anticipated that something could feel this good. Cas’ movements never stayed the same. A few quick thrusts, and few slow ones, a mix of the two… It was a never-ending tease that Dean was welcoming with open arms. He had opened himself up enough to the point that one finger wasn’t supposed to give him surprises. Sure, one of his fingers would fill him a little, but he wasn’t completely full. Regardless of that, Cas seemed to know how to twist his finger and the speed to use to make Dean fall apart. He could feel his precum leaking onto the bed and he knew that he would cum before the five minutes were up if something didn’t change… and fast.
The doctor looked down at Castiel's hand on his arm and pulled away. "This is the most extreme case of omega neglect and maltreatment that we have ever seen. There's no way to introduce touch into his daily routine without shocking his system. He's just going to get worse and I cannot waste my time on a patient that has such a small chance of making it out of this hospital without a body bag. I realize that this is callous, but it's the truth. I have 11 other cases right now. We are severely understaffed and your omega is simply not a priority."
"Yea, I guess." Dean looked away from Cas and chewed on his thumbnail for a bit. It looked like he was trying to find the best way to continue. "That guy's name was Arthur. He told me that he could help me get into a business that would make me some good money. He said that his boss needed someone on call to help with locks during their... visits... to different businesses. At this point, I figured my life was already in the shitter, so why not add a juvie record? If I could make as much money as he said, I would be able to pay my way outta trouble, anyhow. Plus, I was still only sixteen. Not a whole lot they could do to me."
The omega took Castiel's wrists in his hands and brought them to his face. Castiel cradled his face carefully and Dean began crying again. Cas wiped away a tear and continued stroking his cheek. "You're the best. I promise."
Dean rubbed his right eye quickly with the back of his hand. "Uh," he started and cleared his throat. Cas could tell from the furrow in his brow and the concentration in his face that his small amount of confidence was all a façade. "My mom died in a fire when I was four. Don't remember much about it. Dad took me out, but Mom was stuck in another room. He went back in for her, but he... it was just him when he came out of the house."
"It would be an overload. He's gone almost two years with no touch. He would probably seize up or go comatose or..."
After spending an extended time with Dean, the ride home seemed quite boring. Usually after meeting with a patient, Castiel liked to turn on some soft music and distance himself from the job. He thought about odd jobs he needed to finish around the house and upcoming family gatherings. He knew he needed to have a clear line between work life and home life in his line of work. That had never been an issue. As he turned off of the highway onto the quiet street he called home, Cas found himself wishing to have a certain strong-willed omega in the passenger seat.
No, I did not cry while writing this. What are you talking about? Not me. Wrong, bitch.
When Dean finally looked up at Daddy with his angriest of looks, it immediately softened. As he looked up, he saw cum hitting Cas’ chest and the sexiest expression he had ever seen in his life. What an O-face. After a few quick seconds of Cas coming back to himself, he looked down and laughed. “Yes. That’s exactly what I wanted to hear. Come sit on Daddy’s lap, baby boy.”
That burn.
Dean moved his fingers in and out of his hole extra slowly. Then, he pulled them out and used his other hand to spread apart his hole. He risked spitting out the paci. Cas was too far gone at this point. "Fill my hole, Daddy? It's all yours. Put my plug in?"
For a moment, he panicked because he couldn't see Dean. The omega had closed the black-out curtains and the bathroom door so it was completely dark in the room. He wasn't in the bed, either, which concerned Cas. The alpha breathed a sigh of relief when he saw that the closet door was ajar. His experience in rehab reminded him that victims of abuse often sought out environments similar to the ones they were held in. It made him sick to his stomach to think about, but it did keep him from thinking that Dean had completely lost his mind.
Dean thought for a moment and began picking at his cuticles. "Well, what do you think I should do? You're the expert."
"Sweet boy, remember, I still can't smell you. I didn't fall in love with you because of your scent or because of a chemical reaction. I fell in love with you because you simply exist. When I first laid a hand on you, I was lost. I am yours, Dean. And you are mine."
Dean tilted his head up. "For real?"
Castiel smiled and then laughed a tired laugh. "Goodness, we're true mates and I don't even know your last name."
After the DNA appointment.
Cas was not ready for that question at all and he was sure Dean could tell from the sputtering. "Um, uh, no. I do not have a mate."
"It might as well be. I was thinking since you like seem to like dirty talk so much, I would see just how desperate I can get you by talking about all of your favorite things to do in bed."
"I like seeing you smile." Cas chuckled as Dean blushed.
"Oh, but I am grumpy?"
"I believe it's obvious, sweet boy. Now, come over and sit in your high chair."
Dean hummed. "Well, I hope you find out something soon."
, too bad." Dean smiled and moved until he was sitting criss-cross with his chin resting in his hands. Bee was watching from between his elbows.
"Mmm... what's next Daddy? The D?" Dean chuckled at his own joke and rutted against Cas.
In the elevator, it was the same. He was fidgety and feeling anger towards the entire staff. He understood protocols, but did they understand human decency and connection? The elevator doors opened and he shook himself out of his thought process. It was time to meet the omega he was going to spend the next two years of his life with.
"Shit," Gabe whispered, "they're going to think we were watching them."
Cas caught up to him quickly and found that Bobby and Sam were already sitting in a booth in an isolated corner of the restaurant. The alpha gave a quick wave as he and Dean walked over to their table.
"Well, look at what the cat dragged in. Mr. ODT Man, here to save the day." Meg smiled at Cas and gave him a wink.
"Oh, it was great! I'm finishing up my liberal studies classes this semester and they have been really fun. The genetics class is..." Sam continued talking and Cas stole a glance over at Dean. The omega gave him a small smile and mouthed 'thank you.' Cas winked and tuned back into Sam's story. "...but I like it, anyways. I'm taking a sign language class for my foreign language requirement and it's really fun."
I am SOOO sorry for the delayed update! We got a rescue dog this weekend, a bit unexpectedly. He was amazing and required all of the attention!
Sam gagged. "Gross, man. I don't need to know that."
Dean tells his story and tells a secret.
Castiel hummed as he thought. "I'm not trying to imply that the kid has any malicious intent towards Dean. I truly believe that he's a good kid. I just have no idea how these two hit it off so quickly considering Dean's condition."
Cas nodded and Dean turned his lip up at the nickname. "Pie," Cas whispered and the omega schooled his features.
"Sorry, sorry. I was... distracted." Cas let out a frustrated sigh. Here comes the interrogation.
<<From Cas: I'm sorry, I don't understand what that means.
Dean gulped. “No, sir.”
"Say, what, Dean?" Cas pulled Dean even closer and whispered as he looked down into those unending pools of green. Flecks of gold were starting to form on Dean's irises.
"No. Throw." Dean held the ball up and threw it to Cas. "Mate?"
“Good baby. Now, open your mouth.” Dean furrowed his brow but followed Cas’ instructions. Cas slipped his thumb into Dean’s mouth and held his chin up with the rest of his fingers. Then, he tucked his thumb behind Dean’s bottom teeth and gently tugged him closer. Dean was at eye-level with the cock he had literally been drooling over for five years.
Dean's skin reddened and Cas knew it wasn't due to the water.
"Yea, baby. Wanna feel your cock..." Dean rolled his hips against Cas's thighs and that was all the evidence that Cas needed.
"Spit it out, alpha."
"Hello, omega-mine. I'm so sorry I left you. I wasn't thinking clearly." Cas walked closer to Roche.
Cas pulled him closer. "Let Daddy watch. Let Daddy see you touching your little hole, baby. Let Daddy see it take this all in. Let Daddy, fuck... Let me watch you, baby." At this point, both men were panting hard and their hard cocks were occasionally brushing against one another.
"I heard you got a little upset earlier."
When Castiel looked down at his wrist to see if he had time to sit and talk through this with Dean, he realized he had taken his watch off in Dean’s room the night before. So, without a word or eye contact, he went back to Dean’s room and retrieved it. He looked at the bed, tangled sheets and soft memories. That was all he would get from Dean in this fantasy. That one night. That was okay.
Dean seemed pleased with those answers and threw the ball back to Cas. "Me?"
"Say it... please? I've never wanted to hear it before, but please..."
"Man, that's super awkward! How did your date take it?" Cas was happy to see Dean entering his happy space again.
"Yea, yea, whatever."
He couldn’t help the smile that covered his face. Daddy would never leave him. Daddy loved his little boy.
The rest was history.
Castiel calmed his anger. He knew that Gabe and MacLeod wouldn't allow this, but he needed to keep the peace and not cause a scene in front of Dean. "Very well."
"As I love you, 'mega-mine."
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "I definitely want you to join me. I just... I don't know what all I want to happen. Can we just play it by ear? Not put like... an expectation or something on it?"
Cas had just rimmed the fuck outta him. Of course he wanted to brush his teeth before kissing Dean again. Of course he wanted to get both of them cleaned up before they went to bed... together... as so much more than anything else that Dean could have imagined.
The door to their room opened before they had a chance to open it themselves. Gabe was standing there, his staple lollipop in hand. "Lawyer's here. Come on, you lovebirds."
"That's true. It was kind of crazy. I got kind of crazy." Dean blushed and nuzzled into Cas's chest with Bee under his chin.
Dean breathed in a shaky breath. “No…”
D snarled and pointed again.
Cas shook his head. “I’m going to let you cum after you finish cleaning me up. You get to cum after I’ve given you some compliments myself. You did beautifully, baby. You took your punishment so well.”
When the credits began, D gave a soft snarl. "There's a sequel coming out in a couple of months. I know I was upset with that cliffhanger, too." Castiel couldn't help but chuckle as D motioned at the screen with one hand and looked at Cas with disbelief. "I know. It was criminal leaving us to wonder, wasn't it." D let out a huff and shook his head. "D, whenever you start talking again, you're going to have plenty of opinions to share aren't you?" D gave an over-exaggerated smile. His good eye crinkled and his nose scrunched up as much as it could with the bandage over it. "Well then, friend, I look forward to hearing every one of them."
with him, but something made him terribly unhappy. I should have known. I should have sensed it."
"Mrs. Wesson, there's no way that you could have known why he was upset."
With Charlie and Dorothy in the next room, Cas decided to take a chance. He walked over and sat behind Dean on the floor. He began massaging his shoulders. “I know, baby,” he whispered in his ear. “I know you hate this, but you are such a good friend to volunteer. You’re so good. I know the rain is getting to you, too. Here.” Gently, Cas pushed his thumb into Dean’s lip. Dean happily opened up and leaned his weight back onto the other man. He closed his eyes and suckled softly.
The omega kept his stare strong and steadfast. He was still angry.
"Yes, I'm hoping that he is a bit more alert today. I don't know what all you saw in that building, but he needs ample time to feel comfortable with any kind of human interaction. I may even need to just do once every other hour."
"How is finding the first letter of his name not helpful?" Castiel could hear the irritation in Gabriel's voice over the phone. He could practically see him pacing in his office- gesticulating wildly.
Dean slowly pushed his ass back onto Cas’ morning wood and smirked as he heard a quiet gasp from the other man. Daddy was a hard sleeper, so Dean rubbed himself onto him a little harder. Still not fully awake. Feeling adventurous, Dean drug one of Cas’ hands up to his mouth and began sucking on his index finger. After a few moments, and contemplating if he should just get up, Dean felt Cas grind his hips up and felt that enormous cock sliding up and down his ass. He also felt the hand around this waist move and grip his hip. The finger in his mouth pushed in deeper.
"Well, clean up, go take your shower, and come get your dinner."
“Sweetie, you don’t have to ask for your pacifier, okay? You are mine to take care of and you can use anything that Daddy bout you while I’m a work to feel safe, got it?”
Dean and Sam get their results.
Cas could feel Dean's smile against his chest.
"Yea!" Dean became very animated with his hands. "We both like Batman, which you knew, but there's other stuff, too. We both like classic rocks and classic cars. Although, he does think that Dodge Chargers are better than classics like an Impala, which is wrong, but oh well. He also prefers iPhones to cassettes. Weird. We were both in foster care, but he was adopted when he was three. Still, he totally gets the whole wondering about what his family was like thing."
Cas slowly helped him up out of his high chair and tried to ignore the delicious sound of Dean's whine and the squelch that accompanied him getting off of the dildo. "Good boy." He didn't need to be horny during after care.
Dean sighed and nodded.
"Cassie! Were you listening?"
"No, that's just me being nosey. Also, the reason I was calling to let you know that they've got a date on the books for Alastair's trial. Mid-January. I'll send you the details later, but I figured you wanted to know about that ASAP."
Cas thought it was very sweet of his omega to ask questions but to refrain from prying. The rehab specialist side of him thought it was amazing that Dean remembered these social cues after everything that he had been through.
Thank you all for literally waiting a year for an update. This has hands down been one of the toughest years of my life. All of my creativity went out the window and I was literally just focused on day-to-day stuff until maybe a month ago. PSA- depression is no joke and it's okay to need help.
Cas must have felt the change in Dean and also noticed the uptake in his breathing and heart rate. "Dean, if it's too much, we can wait until tomorrow. You did just finish a punishment, after all."
And before they fell asleep, Dean felt Cas rut up against him and settle his half-hard cock between Dean's ass. He felt Cas kiss behind his ear. But most importantly, he heard Cas whisper, "I am going to absolutely wreck you when you get home from work tomorrow, my love."
Dean exhaled and turned his nose into Cas' neck. Clearly, it was his favorite spot to be. "Can I lick for just a minute? Please?"
Cas followed the gesture and saw Sam give Dean a quick one-armed hug. Dean stood in shock for a moment before patting Sam on the arm. Castiel knew that that kind of touch made Dean nervous and he was so proud of him for pushing himself out of his comfort zone. The omega gripped Sam's suit jacket and looked at him. He said something before giving a tight smile and walking over to Cas.
"Well, we needed to get started. It's getting late." Cas smiled and rubbed his thumbs over Dean's hands.
The end of this chapter skips ahead about a week. This is more of a transitional chapter to get into the main plot line.
"Dean," Cas pulled them closer together. "The only thing that contract says is that I need to provide you with muscle and speech therapy for 20-25 hours a week. Do you really think that I stay here at night and hold you because it's in a contract? Do you think that I let you scent me and lick me and fucking do anything you fucking want to me because it's in a damn contract?"
Dean and Castiel waved goodbye to Gabriel as they stood in the doorway of their home. The agent drove away and gave a discreet salute to Officer Hanscum who was parked across the street. Castiel looked over and saw the officer smiling in his direction. They were safe. Finally, he could be with his mate in privacy. "So, how about we actually get cleaned up and lie down?"
"So, the letter A--"
Castiel tried to himself out of thinking of himself as Dean's provider, but it was difficult when the kid was taking quiet little breaths with his nose pressed into Cas' chest. When Cas looked down at Dean's face, covered by a mosaic of moon and street lights, he was shocked to see just how much the omega had healed. He knew he had seen improvements, of course, but there was just something about that lighting that had Dean looking more like himself. Or, at least what Castiel assumed he was like before he was taken by Alastair.
Dean gasped as he came on the bed and covered Castiel with more slick. "Cas!" The omega thrust onto Cas' fingers a few more times before shakily laying down. "Alpha... love you."
Dean leaned into Cas as they walked through the door. "Please. If I don't get to sleep in your bed tonight, I think I'm going to scream."
"Yes, baby boy. Stay home." He cradled Dean's cheek in his hand the best that he could.
"Your panties are the only ones that I care anything about dropping." At that, Cas could feel a shiver run through Dean. "However, I can assure you that I have said more stupid things than I care to ever admit to my mate. Who will spend the rest of their life with me. With potential blackmail. For forever."
“I want after-work fussiness. When you’ve had a bad day and you need to vent and vent until you’re out of breath. I want those times when we fall asleep on the couch watching TV after you’ve said all you can.”
"You've got it. I've got to go get my phone, but I'll be right back, okay?"
Dean shook his head and wiped his nose on the back of his hand.
Cas entered the hospital with a couple of his favorite blankets, a few children's books that he kept around for young patients, and a bottle of soda. If he were to accidentally sneak some to Dean, then no one needed to know.
Dean paused and looked at his friend. He couldn’t lie to him. “It started when I was little… Um… sucking my thumb helps. There, I said it.”
but where did it begin for our hero from Krypton?"
Dean shook his head. "Other omegas?"
Sam stuck his hand out, but didn't bother standing since he was squished against the wall. "You too, Mr. Novak. Hey, Dean!"
"That's not a no." Gabe was smiling. Cas could hear it.
To absolutely no one's surprise, Dean was right. He was completely distracted about what Cas had planned when he got home. Today was filled with standard things-- oil changes, tire rotations, and two air filters that needed to be changed. At this point all of that stuff was muscle memory, so Dean let his mind wander. What was Cas going to do to him? Make him keep his cock warm while he watched TV? Spank him red for being so dirty from work and tracking something onto the carpet? Fill him up over and over until Dean came on his cock?
Dean continued to suck and keep eye contact and he turned on his side, facing Cas. He wrapped his leg around the other man’s hips and began grinding. He just needed that little bit of friction. His ass was still nice and sore and sticky with cum, his mouth full. He just needed some friction and for his Daddy to tell him it was okay. As his cock caught on Daddy’s jeans and touched the bare skin above the waist, Dean looked up and whimpered around Cas’ fingers, hoping to signal that he was close. “Cum, baby boy. Cum for your daddy.”
Cas hummed for a moment as he thought. "Dean, you're an intelligent man. Do you mind if I tell you about a case that I helped with while I was a graduate student?"
"Good." With that, Cas began feeding Dean small pieces of food from his plate and holding his apple juice for him. Every so often, he would stop and instruct Dean to ride the cock with a simple command of "Again." Cas would then sit back, his legs splayed, as he lazily groped his clothed cock. By the third time Cas gave this instruction Dean's cock was an angry shade of red, tears streaked his face, and his legs were shaking from the strain.
"Mhmm. Daddy, I have a secret. Sometimes, I just like to play with myself before I put anything inside of my hole. It makes it feel a lot better when I get filled up. Sometimes I do that before I go outside and I get all excited during the day. It's a fun game. Do you want to play, too, Daddy?"
Dean's head moved forward and back a few times. He let out a moan as he looked up the Roche. Cas tried to get up. He tried and tried, but he just couldn't. His heart kept filling in his ears with a loud drumming. He couldn't save his omega. If only he had a few more seconds. If he had just not left the room. Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid.
He shook his head in hopes that it would somehow make the shroud of confusion disappear. Unsurprisingly, it did not. He did, however, chuckle as he saw Gabriel pacing back and forth beside his car in Castiel's driveway. It was an old Crown Vic with chipping mint green paint. It was tacky, horrible on gas mileage, and was prepared to break down at any given moment. Gabe loved the damn thing, though. Castiel was quite happy to drive his 2007 Camry. It was modest, decent on gas, in good shape, and completely paid off. "Paid off" was a beautiful phrase for government employees to hear. He supposed that's why Gabe kept his monstrosity.
“I am aware.”
"Oh, really? Why's that?"
Dean nodded his head and took Cas’ other hand in his. He was suddenly calm about the whole situation. Cas always knew what he needed.
A quiet alarm sounded on Castiel's phone around an hour later. "It's time for me to go."
Castiel laughed and kissed Dean on the cheek. "I'm happy for you, love."
"Why'd it have to be like this Cas?" Dean turned his head to look at Cas and the alpha was struck by how bloodshot Dean's eyes had become in such a short amount of time.
"I... okay." Cas shut his eyes tightly and willed himself to breath normally.
"Yea, I get that, but it's fucking difficult." Dean could actually feel his cock softening. Talking about his feelings was tough. It was easy when he was Cas' little boy. It was like he was just pretending. Being honest about his feelings with no pretense was fucking scary. Dean Winchester was many things, but an "open" person was not one of them. At least, not in this sense.
He nervously waved back. "Hi." Castiel could tell that he was nervous, but he always knew Ellen was wonderful in these situations. Everyone warmed up to her eventually. They were much quicker to make nice once they had some of her food warming their belly.
"No, I said that he gave no response. Hold on," Castiel set his bag in the passenger seat of his car. Armed with a weaponry of soft toys, block puzzles, and case information, he was ready for his second visit with D. "Sorry, I was getting everything in the car."
"It's fine. I did the old 'blue steel' on you. Irresistible." Dean winked over his shoulder before putting one foot on the bottom of the cart and pushing off with the other. He looked like a drunk toddler loose in the store. Cas loved him even more than he did that morning.
"You don't like fruit?"
Dean whimpered and closed his eyes. His body relaxed and he sagged into Castiel's hold. "Alpha..."
"Do you need me to slow down at all?" Cas reached his hand out across the center console.
The omega dropped his free hand beside him, almost in defeat. Cas took it in his slowly and brought his hands together so Dean's were surrounded by his own. "Dean, I promise you that I am not angry with you. I want you to take a deep breath and think about whether or not you can smell anger on me. You know I'm an alpha, right?" Dean nodded. "Okay, so, then you know I wouldn't be able to hide that scent." Dean took a deep breath, but it was full of hiccups. "Try one more time, sweet boy." Dean tried again and this time, it was a continuous breath. He looked up at Cas and his shoulders dropped and he fell back onto the bed. He was exhausted from the fear and panic.
Dean didn't look up, but his smile still lit up the room. "Cool."
Once Sam was out of ear shot, Dean turned to Cas. "I made a friend."
"Yea, babe. That sounds great."
"Alpha-mine... are you jealous?" Dean turned and smirked at Cas.
As Cas laid there willing his biology to calm down and thinking about the events of the previous night, a thought that had been tucked away in the back of his mind pushed its way forward: what if Dean was just scared? What if he didn’t really want this? It was entirely plausible, understandable, and probable. So, Cas decided to give Dean a choice. He was not going to make this one choice for him.
The drive to the hospital was about fifteen minutes, but it felt like an eternity. Castiel kept thinking about what he would see when he got there. He was thinking of bruises and cuts and any other mark that Alastair probably left on this young man. He may even have broken bones. Or worse. At that, Castiel shook his head. There was no need to worry himself with morbid thoughts before he even knew what he was dealing with. The last thing this kid needed was for Cas to come in there with a worried or angry scent. Sure, he used scent-muting body wash, but it wasn't a scent blocker. Those were extremely dangerous to use and Castiel found that his scent was generally helpful in his line of work.
"You, um... you never came to the basement, did you, Dr. Roche?"
Castiel sat on the bed. The thought of leaving Dean and never seeing him again made Cas shiver. He would rather spend every moment of the rest of his life trying to figure out what was going on between the two of them than to walk out of the room. He knew Dean was it for him. Why was he even surprised when Dean confirmed it? He had never once treated a patient- or anyone for that matter- the way he treated Dean. He never let a partner tease his mating gland with their teeth. He never let a patient hold his hand for hours on end- even if they did need touch therapy. He certainly hadn't dreamt of a patient's gorgeous eyes before.
"He threw something at you before?"
"Naughty alpha." Dean giggled as Cas growled playfully in his ear and nipped at his neck.
Another growl.
"Yea, yea. I love you, too." Cas tried to look angry, but he couldn't help but to begin laughing along with Dean.
Dean nodded. “Yea, we need to actually talk through all this. Sooner rather than later, right?”
As I said earlier, this was going to go with the previous chapter, but it was a little too long. Going ahead and warning you-- the next chapter will be all plot. Sorry! But, hey, you just got two delicious little chapters.
For a moment, Cas panicked, but when he turned to look at the omega, he saw that Dean's face was covered in bubbles. He couldn't help the laugh that he let out. "What in the world are you doing?" He laughed through his words and Dean's smile grew.
he thought.
And then he was on his back with his arms above his head. Cas held down his wrists and kissed and licked on his neck. “I want those little grunts in the morning. The ones you make before you’ve had coffee and can’t quite speak yet.” Cas continued sucking on one spot, definitely leaving a mark while he ground his hips down slowly. Dean could only let out shallow breaths as he continued.
Merry Christmas! An angst-free, smut-filled, extra-long chapter.
"Castiel, there's no easy way to say it."
Dean grinned and playfully shoved at Sam's shoulder as the three of them walked out of the living room.
"Well, gentlemen," the doctor started, "I will submit these to the lab. Usually these results take a few days, but we received notice that this is an extremely important case and needs to be rushed to the top of the list. Give us about half an hour." The doctor nodded and headed out of the room.
"No more calling you, omega, huh? What should I call you?" Almost instantly, the kid stopped growling and seemed to be surprised. He cocked his head and narrowed his eyes.
You're wonderful.
Cas kissed his way down Dean's throat and chest. When he got to his stomach, he licked down to his target. Dean's breathing became heavier as Cas kissed around his cock. He let his tongue wander all over until he could feel slick trailing down Dean's thighs. While his lover certainly enjoyed his cock being given special attention, Castiel knew that Dean's true weakness was his perfect hole.
"I wouldn't let anyone speak ill of you would I, D?"
"Only if you promise to hug the delivery guy when he hands you the food."
"It's fine. Just tell me why this isn't helpful."
Slowly, the blood quieted in his ears and the voices became clearer. That... that was Dean's voice. What the hell? How was Dean still here? How long was he out? Could it have been that quick? Surely not. His forearms were tingling. Slowly, Castiel was coming back to life. It wasn't nearly fast enough.
Castiel flipped over to the next page and clicked his pen a couple of times. That's how you make sure that they still work, right? He knew his handwriting would be sloppy, but that was fine. He didn't have the patience to write down everything that happened with neat penmanship in mind. He was excited to record D's progress.
It wasn't some shy grin, either. It was a real smile full of perfectly white teeth. His mouth was open wide enough that his top and bottom teeth couldn't even touch. He threw his head back in a sound similar to a laugh. D looked at his hand again and held it up for Castiel to see. He wanted to show him what was happening.
"I'm so sorry, Dean. Is there anything I can do to help you go back to sleep? Would you like me to turn on the TV or to read you a book?"
"You love me."
him. He was talking
"Well... that's a good reason to share. My date and the old lady walked out and the older gentlemen held his arm up to hold the door for me to leave... but he was much taller than I was so, to me, in that moment... I thought he was trying to hug me."
Slowly, Castiel's rehabilitation expertise began taking over instead of his protective inner-alpha. Dean could have been separated from Sam at seven years old if his math was correct. Sam would have only been three. Those ages came with the assumption that they were not separated in foster care. If they were separated, then Dean would have only been six when he lost contact with his brother. It made sense for a child in Dean's situation to repress painful memories. Perhaps he was so young that he repressed his relationship with Sam. It was too painful to not have his brother.
." He bit down on the last word.
"I promise." Thankfully, any further distractions and contributions to a potential wreck were cut short as Castiel pulled in front of their home. He parked the car in the driveway. He didn't want Dean to have to maneuver his way through Christmas boxes in the garage. "Stay there, okay?" Cas gave Dean a quick peck on the cheek before exiting the car.
Cas gave a full laugh. “Next time, baby boy. Next time. Now, get in the bedroom!”
"Sam, as always, it was nice seeing you. I look forward to meeting your parents."
I will be updating on either Saturday or Sunday night :)
"Fuckin' overwhelmed. Part of me is still kind of nervous about the whole thing, but I don't think it could've gone much better."
Dean's head was cocked to the side and his brow was furrowed. "Do I know you?"
Between fits of uncontrollable giggling, Castiel responded, "Me too."
"Awesome! So, I am going to throw the ball to you and you throw it back. If you want, one of us can ask a question and the other answer it. I would love to get to know you better."
Cas looked to the floor. He knew the drill. He had testified multiple times about the physical and mental states his patients were in when they first met. He had not, however, about the actions of the man who almost killed his True Mate. The alpha let out a deep sigh. "Well, I suppose I'll start with his physical state."
"I was not j--" Dean cut off the alpha by pulling him close and kissing him hard. It wasn't even really a kiss, it was just his mouth pressed tightly against Castiel's.
"Hmm..." He knew he wouldn't smell anything, but Cas ran his nose over Dean's scent gland. "Mine... my 'mega. My Dean." He placed a soft kiss over Dean's mating gland. "I do need to drop your case, though."
"Not yet. It should be about another hour. You know how things must be in the lab if we're so stretched for resources up here."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Seriously." Dean returned the expression and nodded his head toward the car.
"Maybe... maybe we can do that next week sometime? This week..." Dean trailed off and he began picking at the outer seam of his pants leg.
Charlie chuckled, but there was no joy in it. "When they brought him in I decided to be the hero and try to comfort him. He about took my head off with the remote. Anyways, I got some lab reports back that you need to hear."
"No, no, but he was less than thrilled with today's lunch, and I told him I would try to get him the yogurt. Once that kid starts talking-"
"Yea, good job." Cas threw it back.
"Well, I got my omega certification," there was that face again, "because there aren't a lot of people in this field. It's a lot more complex than people realize and there's a lot more to take into consideration than with the other designations. I wanted to help people in a field where there wasn't a lot of help. As for your case, I figured I needed a feisty man with an affinity for explicit language in my life." Cas smiled and threw the ball back.
“Good morning, my dirty boy.” Daddy’s voice was deep and rumbling in Dean’s ear. He could only whimper in response. “Such a dirty little boy for Daddy waking me up like this. Needy, aren’t you, sweetheart?”
Now, if anyone were to ask, this is what happened next:
Cas squeezed Dean's hand once and walked across the room to get his coat off of the table. He took it over to Dean and laid it over the bed rails. He wasn't sure where Dean wanted it, so this was a good start. The young man just hummed and Castiel turned to leave. "I'll be back soon, sweet boy." Fuck, there he goes again. It was so hard not to use terms of endearment with Dean. He was just so... innocent. Even though he had seen and experienced unimaginable horrors, he seemed soft and innocent. Resilient and determined. He was a good man.
"Do you want me to sit down and shut up?"
Shout out to @jessicascastiel on the old Tikky-Tok for an awesome edit that inspired part of this chapter! It is linked at the end of the chapter.
"Why omega rehab or your case specifically?" Cas threw it back. He didn't miss the way Dean's face changed when he said 'omega.'
Well, as content as one could be without their dick inside of Dean Winchester.
They were both still naked from the night before and Dean could feel Cas' morning wood pressing against his back as he came up and hugged Dean from behind. "I know, baby boy. I love you. I hate that we have to do actual things today. At six-thirty this evening, though, when you walk through that door, I've got something I know that my baby is going to love."
"Dumb ass." The two men laughed and instinctively pulled one another closer. The laid there in the quiet and just enjoyed listening to one another breathing. "When you gonna mate me, baby?"
"I don't know, yet. What spaces do you have open? I haven't really paid it all that much attention." Dean squeezed his hand back and it spread warmth through Castiel's entire body.
“Well, you’re going to need to shower later, and I know how you like to spend that time. You have quite the loud mouth on you, baby.”
"Boy, you better take ten and get your shit together before you do something stupid like mixing up gas and diesel." As he walked away, Dean was sure that he could hear him mumble "idjit," under his breath.
Dean nodded and looked down, almost like he was preparing himself for rejection. "Yes, I like you very much, Dean."
A little longer than the last two chapters. I hope you enjoy it!
"Originally, I was studying to become a pediatric rehab specialist before changing my specialty."
"Unethical? What are you getting at Cas?"
"I had noticed that they had lessened for a while, but it does seem like they are becoming more frequent again."
Cas smiled and wrapped Dean up in his arms before rolling onto his back. Dean settled into his spot and let Bee rest on Cas's stomach. "Ugh, one stupid thing that I've done..."
"Whenever you're ready, 'mega."
Dean smirked and nibbled Cas' ear lobe. "Hmm, really baby? What you got planned for me to do to you?"
"Uh-huh, Daddy. I'll be good and listen to you. Promise."
Cas repeated this mantra until Dean's eyes fluttered open. "Cas?"
"Of course I want to be intimate with you, Dean, but I'm concerned about how well I'll control myself. Perhaps you could... maybe it would be best if you were on top?"
him. He was literally just thinking out loud at Dean’s expense. Dean felt a little used, but instead of feeling ashamed, he felt sexy and powerful underneath Daddy’s hands. He was the one making Cas say these things. His normally so put together and straight-laced best friend.
"Well, then, gentlemen. Follow me."
"Dean, what's wrong? Are you sick?" Castiel almost veered off of the road from the shock of Dean's behavior.
“Dean. I have known you for far too long to buy that bullshit. Tell me, what’s wrong?”
"Oh, of course! Anyone who can get it through Sam's head to take care of that old lemon in the front yard is fine by me." He gestured to the large sectional sitting in the middle of the room. "Please, sit. We ordered pizza delivery. They should be here in about half an hour."
"Dude, we just found out we're brothers and you're already making me deal with your dirty laundry?" Dean sounded irritated, but his smile and wink showed he felt differently. If Cas had to guess, the omega was most certainly on cloud nine.
Cas could see Dean flinch at the insult, but he doubt Roche even noticed his movement. The omega quickly schooled his expression. "Well, you know, they kept me around so long because I'm good at what they wanted me to do. When you take me back, they're going to put me on the same bench, in the same bonds, and have the same sign up on the wall. 'Don't touch, get rough.' It was right above my head. Before he wakes up... don't you want just... just a little sample of the real thing? Before I have to go away again?" Dean looked up and bit his lip. His eyes looked soft and he swayed gently towards Roche.
Bobby chuckled and began unpacking some files from his briefcase. "It's no trouble, Mr. Novak. I remember when I met my omega, Karen. They're all you can think about."
Cas was silent.
Cas hummed. "Yes. Yes, you are safe now. You are with me. I am with you. Go sit back on the couch, sweet boy. I'll bring everything over to you." Instead of a verbal response, Dean squeezed Cas tightly and gave his cheek a quick kiss.
As he did, Dean made a choked off sound. Cas and Roche turned to look at him. He was sitting up straight and pointed at Roche. He tried clearing his throat several times. A strangled groan came from his mouth. Castiel sat down on the bed again, but Dean remained focused on the doctor. "Dean, you don't need to try to force yourself to talk. It could hurt you."
"Dean. Strong name for a strong young man." Ellen brushed Cas's shoulders free of nonexistent dust and patted his cheek. "I'm so happy for you. You deserve someone this special."
As much as he hated to do it, Cas pushed Dean back. He looked down at the young man and caught himself groaning. His hair was messy, eyes still tired, and his mouth slightly open. He was beautiful. "Dean, I could lose my job if someone ever saw us doing... that."
Dean’s eyes shot open. Cas was going to cum? Where was he going to cum? He couldn’t decide which option he liked better—feeling cum on his back, his hole, or in his mouth. Hell, he would be satisfied with feeling his Daddy’s cum on his arm or leg if it meant he got to feel it. Oh, well. Daddy would decide what’s best.
"Whenever you're ready."
"Jesus."
Dean felt like he could cum in his underwear like a teenager if Cas kept fucking teasing him like this. “I want your sarcasm and teasing and obnoxiousness.”
With a quick wave to Gabriel, Cas pulled into the cramped one-car garage. There was room for the car, his two totes of Christmas decorations, push mower, and that was about it. He squeezed himself out of the driver's seat and motioned for Gabe to follow him in through the garage.
Dean giggled. He whispered, "Bee."
Castiel chuckled and ruffled the top of Dean's hair. "Well, Dean Winchester, it is certainly a pleasure to make your acquaintance."
The omega furrowed his brow and bit his lip. "Hmm... I don't have any money and I don't want to use yours on a bunch of random stuff that you don't like."
"Don't care." Dean shrugged and kept eating. He gestured to his plate with one hand. "Bacon."
As he rounded the corner, he was met by an armful of stressed Cas. "Hello, Dean." He melted against Dean's chest and held him for just a moment. He adjusted his glasses and narrowed his eyes at Dean. "Dinner is almost ready. Now, for the love of all that is holy, pick up your mess and take a shower. Just because I love you doesn't mean you can leave all of your shirts around the living room like you did when we first moved in together."
Two rapid thunder strikes startled him to the point of yelping. He covered his head with the blanket and immediately stuck his thumb in his mouth. Ugh, why did he have to be such a baby? He was a 23-year-old man cowering under his covers because of a noise. He was so stupid.
BANG.
Dean smiled and nodded. "Batman."
"Like what?" Cas kept his voice down and leaned in closer to his omega.
"That's a good idea." Castiel's smile stayed on his face and he sat back in the chair. "I would hate for us to spend tomorrow dealing with the aftermath of Charlie's threats." The alpha sighed. "In all seriousness, Dean, I cannot believe you were able to tell me all of that. Not only because it was so emotional, but because you shouldn't even be able to say a word yet. Somehow you manage to tell me your life story. It's amazing. I can't figure you out. Not to mention that your wounds are healing so well. Truly phenomenal."
Once the engine shut off, Dean roused from his sleep. "Wanna go t' bed."
Y'all, I have fallen so in love with these two, I can't take it. I can't stop telling their story. Please, any and all feedback is welcome!!! Thank you so much for all of the kudos, comments, and love!
Cas swatted his ass quickly. “But nothing. You need your rest little one.”
“That sounds like fun, Daddy. What are my rules?”
With one last look in the rear view mirror towards the Wesson home, Castiel pushed the gas pedal and left the picture-perfect home behind them.
"You need to cum when Daddy says that you can cum." Cas leaned against the door jamb of the kitchen and smiled as Dean worked himself up and down.
"Hmmm..." Dean began tapping his foot. "There's so much I want to do. Umm..." he thought a while longer. "Oh! I want to eat a home cooked meal. Are you a decent cook, oh strong alpha of mine?"
Castiel couldn't help the snarl that escaped his throat.
Quickly, he jumped up and jogged over to the bedroom door. He quietly opened it up and his shoulders relaxed as he looked in. Dean was looking over at the lamp a pillow had knocked over. The lamp was just on its side. The omega was surrounded by all ten pillows, six blankets, and Bee. He looked over sleepily at Cas. "Hey, Alpha."
Castiel tuned back in to the host's monologue. "Before the likes of Henry Cavill, our Superman was first portrayed by Kirk Alyn, George Reeves, Christopher Reeve, Dean Cain, and many others in various franchises..."
Dean immediately buried his nose in the skin of Cas's neck. He wrapped a leg around the alpha's thighs. Tightly. For a moment, the only sound in the room was their breathing. Eventually, Dean spoke but his voice was muffled. "Don' lie dis."
"Thank you."
Somehow amongst the laughter, sharing, and unreasonable competitiveness between Sam and Dean during Monopoly, the sun had set. Castiel noticed that he and Dean walked to the door a bit slower than they normally would. They admired random decorations on shelves and asked about pets and family members that were featured in ornate frames around the entryway. Anything to keep from leaving.
Dean leaned his head against the window and sighed. "Bacon, I guess."
Sometimes Castiel’s brain did this thing. He would have a thought and it would trigger other thoughts so rapidly that in a matter of seconds, he had a totally different frame of mind. This was one of those moments. In what was possibly less than twenty seconds, Cas had developed a plan. Not a foolproof plan, but a plan nonetheless.
Charlie giggled and MacLeod patted the other doctor on the shoulder. D squeezed Castiel's hand as tight as he could. "Oh, was that a bad joke?" Castiel looked back at the young man. His smile mirrored D's as the omega nodded his head. "Sorry, I'll try to think of better ones." D gave a quick squeeze and then turned to the others in the room. He snarled a low snarl and held tight to Castiel's hand.
Dean called over his shoulder as he walked “You’re lucky I think you’re sexy.”
In that moment, Cas had never felt more content.
"Hey, dinner's not ready yet. I just wanted to make sure you were okay."
"Okay, just don't get too hopeful. I'll talk to you tomorrow, Gabe." As Castiel hung up, he took a deep breath. He was looking forward to seeing D again. He knew that it was going to be a slow process, but he could not wait to see how he was doing today.
Dean looked up and saw Daddy was looking down as him with a happy smile on his lips. Without realizing he was doing it, Dean opened his mouth and stuck his tongue out. Cas chuckled and shook his head. He brought his hand up to Dean’s mouth and moaned as Dean began cleaning their mess off of his hand. “G-good boy, Dean. My good baby boy.”
“Good.”
“As far as I know, most of the moving is already done. We’re needed for constructing a few new bookshelves and moving around big furniture within the apartment. It shouldn’t be too difficult.” Cas began absentmindedly running his thumb over Dean’s.
Dean nodded quickly. “Yea, Daddy. I can do it. I promise. I can do it.” He was definitely
"Of course, Mr. Novak. Of course." MacLeod shook his head. "Thank you for trying, Castiel. We know have done everything in your power to help this omega."
Cas walked over and rubbed his wrist over the oblong pillow that Dean was holding. "Get some rest, sweet boy. I love you."
Dean yawned and nodded. Together, they made quick work of dropping off all of the blankets and pillows into the bedroom and left the rest of the bags on the dining room table. "See you soon, alpha." Dean kissed Castiel quickly before shutting the bedroom door.
apartment door.
Dean just blinked slowly.
Dean yawned again and hummed. He tucked Bee under his arm and walked back into the bedroom. Cas busied himself with putting the dishes into the dishwasher and sending a quick email to Singer as he allowed Dean some privacy for his nightly routine. He heard the toilet flush and figured that it was safe to go into the bedroom.
Dean's tears were starting to fall. Fuck Cas, you know what? Fuck him for ending this thing this way! Fuck him for being an absolute perfect gentleman and making sure Dean cleaned up the dried cum off of his stomach and brushed his teeth after their sloppy make out sessions and fuck him fo---
“Can you… can you put it in my mouth? I’m not ready for breakfast yet.”
Castiel looked up and Charlie and she gave him a small smile with tears in her eyes. Either D was going to improve or he was going to die. There was no in between. Everyone in room 327 knew that as a fact, the omega himself included.
"Get your paci off of the nightstand. Be a good baby, sweet boy."
Right when he was about to have an inkling of understanding as to what they were talking about, the doctor walked through the door. "Alright, so, Mr. Wesson and Mr. Winchester," he paused to pull up a report on the small computer in the room, "here are your DNA reports."
"So, if I said I was ready right now, you would do it?" Dean's eyes shifted between Cas's eyes and lips.
"Oh, fuck! C-Cas!" Dean bucked against the shower wall and reached his hand back to pull Castiel in deeper. Cas moaned at the feeling of Dean demanding that he come closer.
"Okay, I'll shut up. I gotta know." Dean was practically vibrating with excitement.
So, there stood the trio. Cas was in the middle, his breath clouding the glass. Gabe was behind him to his right and held his lollipop high above his head to avoid everyone's hair as he tried to make his way to the front of the group. Bobby was against pressed up against the wall to Cas's right and he looked even grumpier than he had earlier. To be fair, though, he did have one foot on the floor and one knee in Gabe's office chair. That had to be uncomfortable.
“Then tell me who my special boy is.”
“And don’t you forget it. Oh! I also bought some new towels. Tell me what you think.”
Dean paused and exhaled loudly. “Yea. I’m okay.”
"Roche-- my fucking doctor?!" Dean jumped out of the bed.
The omega threw his head back in frustration. "I'm so stupid. I shouldn't have said anything."
"Do you think he's hot?"
Dean stopped momentarily, took a deep inhale, and went back to his current task. "Still good." He stopped again and Castiel could hear his heartrate increase on the monitor. Then, he felt a cautious lick up the column of his throat.
The omega nodded. "I, uh... I wasn't ever supposed to be a..." He shook his head and let out an angry huff of breath. "I wasn't supposed to be an omega. Went most of my life thinking I was a beta." He sighed and turned to look at Cas. "When'd you present?"
"Dude, just spit it out."
Dean tried to speak, to beg Daddy to do it right then, but Daddy’s fingers were back in his mouth before he could say anything. He was so overloaded he didn’t even know what to do. Every part of his body felt like a live wire. “Your little mouth is mine. I can’t decide if I want to put my cock in your mouth or special hole first… It’s just so tempting to make you keep me inside your mouth all day…” At this point, Dean was sure that Cas wasn’t even talking
"You romantic, you." Cas chuckled. "I cannot wait to smell you. It's a good thing that I can't right now, thought."
Dean's whines pushed Cas to add a bit of teeth and suck on the omega's rim. It tasted like heaven and he didn't even have a scent yet. He would never grow tired of this. "I want you to come for me, sweet boy."
"Can I ask you something, Dean?"
Again, his train of thought changed when the fingers in his mouth were removed and he was flipped to his back. “Are you really challenging me, baby? You need Daddy to prove that you are completely owned?”
"Alright. I was going on a first date, right? I was maybe sixteen or seventeen. It wasn't my first date ever, but it was my first date without my parents awkwardly watching from the other side of a restaurant. They were always very protective when one of my siblings or I went on a first date. This one time they didn't even tell me that they were going to be in the same place and I--"
"I-I mean... I think my likes are pretty obvious. Do we seriously need to have a discussion like this? I thought you meant like you were gonna call out a random thing for each letter of the alphabet and I would say if I liked it or not."
When they were in the privacy of the kitchen organization aisle, Cas lifted his wrist to Dean. The omega smiled and inhaled deeply. Cas squeezed his hand."Well, we will fix that tonight. How about our first official date night? Westerns with dinner?"
"Of course. As far as you and Dean..." He knew he couldn't say that they were brothers and give them false hope, but it did seem like an interesting case. "It is quite a coincidence that you found those articles about Dean's parents and that you two meet up now by sheer luck. I think that it may be worth looking into adoption records and to get a DNA test to know for sure. I think it would help explain why you two get along so well. It's possible... again, not for certain... but it's possible that you two formed a familial scent bond before meeting one another yesterday."
While Cas was quite tired from the day, it seemed Dean was ready to stay awake all night and grow closer to the Wessons. The alpha understood, but he was a bit worried. It seemed that since he and Dean's relationship began, happiness was like a sugar high. It was fantastic and beautiful in one moment and swept away in another. He found the way that Suzanne and David ushered Dean into their home a bit unsettling. Cas knew they were wonderful people and he didn't worry about their intentions, (Gabe's full background check on each of them took care of that,) but he was concerned that something dark was waiting down their path. After all, every good moment that they had shared so far in their relationship was threatened by Roche, nightmares, self-doubt on both of their parts, and trauma that was not going away because of one good visit with new friends.
The omega nodded slowly and patted the bed beside him. "I can stay in the bed, but we need to have some pillows between us, okay? That would be too much touch for right now." Dean seemed to understand and pulled back. Castiel instantly missed the heat from his breath on his face. He was so fucking fucked it was ridiculous.
"I guess you're right." Bobby lifted up slowly to look out of the window again. "I think we're in the clear. Unfortunately, as much fun as this is, I do need to go over some points of the case with you, Mr. Novak."
"Yea, yea, Dr. Biology. I'm not sure when my heat will hit. Alastair always made sure I was on suppressants." At the mention of Alastair's name, Dean's smile faltered.
"I know. We've got a detail coming over to your house now to get you guys into custody."
"Nice to meet you, Cas." She smiled and swiveled back to the front of the desk when the hospital entrance chimed again.
Dean chuckled. "Nah, alpha. It's finally getting your muscles to soak and relax. I'm kind of glad you don't like it though." Cas smiled as Dean kissed him quickly before removing his shirt. "More time for me to use it."
Dean didn't say anything as he walked back over to Castiel and wrapped his arms around his shoulders. "I can't believe that I get to have you. To have this."
Cas laughed and wrapped his arm around Dean's waist as they walked back to their temporary room. "Yes, you did, D. I'm so proud of you. It seemed like you two had a lot in common."
"Hello, sir." Dean moved so he was partially behind Castiel.
"Home? Stay home?" Dean's breathing continued to be erratic. He grabbed Cas's hand and rubbed his wrist all over his neck and cheeks. Castiel knew that Dean wanted his scent on him, but he also suspected that after so long without touch, the omega wanted a concrete reminder that Cas wasn't leaving him and that he was safe.
"Whenever you're ready." This question and response had become a daily, if not more often, occurrence. Regardless, it gave Cas butterflies like a teenager.
"Alastair gave us a name. One of his hush-hush guys that took care of things for him on the down low."
Castiel froze. "You... you want it? Are you sure?"
Cas took a steadying breath. "Let's talk about it together."
"I only know one phrase in sign language." Dean and Sam both laughed.
“Hmm?” Dean was so blissed out that he couldn’t even form words.
Dean smirked. Of course he fucking did. "What's the first one mean, Daddy?"
"That... no... that aggression seems to be too extreme for Dean's behavior. Was there any trigger? Anything to explain such a change?"
"I woke up and I already booted up the computer. I was just waiting on you." Dean spoke so fast that it took Castiel's brain a moment to catch up.
"Castiel, I really don't think that this is a--"
The chihuahua ushered them all into a small exam room. Sam and Dean sat in the two available chairs, leaving Cas to find a seat on the actual exam table. The nurse gave them all a quick smile before handing Sam the form she had mentioned and leaving. Considering that the nurse had no idea what type of DNA test that was going on in that room, Cas was 90% certain she thought they had all potentially knocked up the same person. Oh, well. Let her think.
"I still think you were a little jealous."
"I doubt it, considered our 'unique' situation." Dean smiled and winked.
"Could you please explain the results, doctor?"
Dean was sure that Cas could feel the heat from his blushing. “Yes, sir.”
Dean nodded. “Yes, Daddy.”
Charlie looked around and then leaned in close to Cas over the desk. "Look, I'm not sure, but I noticed the kid only eats about half of his food. Almost exactly half. I had a patient a few years back who did something similar because they saved the rest of the food for their younger sister. Now, I'm not going to say this is the same situation, but I do believe Mr. 327 is a good kid. I know he's aggressive, but I really think he looked after the other kids in that hell hole they found him in."
“Hmm…” Dean furrowed his brow and huffed quietly. That was going to be very difficult.
Dean shook his head. "Nah. I'm good. Thanks, though."
“Dean. Seriously. We’ve lived together for three years. You’ve left it in the bathroom one to many times. Sometimes I come home for my lunch hour. I see things. I know things.” He kissed Dean’s cheek. “Now, be a good boy and get your plug if you want to be filled tonight.”
"Gabe, I really don't want to know. I'm about to get out of the car and the last thing I want is for him to smell anger, pity, or concern on me. He's a headstrong one, that D, and I know he would shut down if I came in there with anything other than a calm attitude."
"Yea, my job is to help you get better. I could lose that job if we were... physical in any way with one another."
"D... We... we can't." Castiel knew he didn't have the strength to push Dean away this time. The first time this happened a few days ago had been the only other time that Dean tried to do this. For that, Cas was grateful. He knew his resolve to tell Dean no- to any request- was crumbling.
"It's really not a big deal. He's a special case. We all know that."
“Will you pay attention this time?”
Castiel's eyes darted back and forth around the room as he tried to think of any other reason that his scent may have been lost. There was no way a person could go that long in a slave-trade business without being touched. "But, Alastair was in the sex slave--"
"Hello." Dean successfully spoke above a whisper.
Between breaths and laughs, Dean managed to shriek “Daddy! Daddy, no! That’s not fair.”
He thought about the way Dean’s mouth would feel sucking marks onto his neck, among other places, while he chose his outfit.
There was silence on the other end. "Excuse me?"
Castiel figured that he had a few minutes before D would get cranky, so he went over to the nurses' station to find Charlie. "Yoohoo, Ms. Bradbury?"
"Was she okay?" Dean asked quietly, as if this story was the most important one he had ever heard.
"Yea..." Dean put his head on Ca's shoulder. "Or taken care of me afterwards. How... how can I take care of you?"
As Cas was reading the book, Dean tried his absolute hardest to pay attention, but damn! Having a sexy man wrap his arms around you was a definite distraction. Dean tried not to smile when Cas would shift to turn the pages. Whenever he did that, he unintentionally gave Dean a little squeeze. This was what happiness was.
Cas takes Dean home.
"Well, I'm going now. Is there anything you need, omega?"
When Cas shut the door to Dean’s room, Dean nuzzled down further under the covers. He was so happy. Whenever his mind went to this safe space, he was cared for and so, so content. He was happy with Castiel leading him in the direction he should go and the feelings it stirred inside of his heart. It was beginning to rain again and for once, Dean didn’t feel so scared. The constant sound was peaceful. Hopefully thunder and lightning would hold off for today.
The smile remained on Bobby's face as he passed some papers to Cas. "Just wait till that bite is on your neck." A brief look of sadness passed over the older alpha's face and he sighed. "So, let's talk about Alastair, shall we?"
"Yea, yea. Dean's asleep, so, I want to stay quiet." Castiel looked over at the omega sleeping and all he wanted was to be able to sleep right next to him. He loved his warmth and the way he rubbed his chest. The way he bit his neck.
"That was so cheesy." Cas laughed and spun around to look at his omega.
Once they had pulled into the garage and Castiel confirmed that Officer Hanscum was at her post, he pulled Dean into their room. The alpha laid on his back and tilted his neck to the side. "Come nest for a minute, love."
Sam inserted the tool and when he pulled it out, there was nothing on it. He cocked his head to the side. "Did I do it wrong?"
“But you don’t suck your thumb like you’re a fucking baby!” Dean got up and stormed to his room. Why did Cas have to be so damn understanding? Trying to connect with him and shit. It pissed Dean off to know that Cas thought this was okay. Normal, even! A grown-ass man sucking his thumb. He was completely prepared for rejection. Not this understanding, emotional shit.
Dean's confidence drained from his face. "I think you're jealous. I won't... I won't hang out with him if it makes you uncomfortable, Alpha." Dean put his head and tried to pull away from Cas.
When Daddy did return, he was only wearing his boxer briefs. He slid into bed and wrapped his arms around Dean. “Hey, sweet boy. Want to read a bedtime story?”
Their apartment was relatively close to a shopping center, so Castiel decided it best to clear his head at a bookstore. That always seemed to do the trick. However, after spending nearly thirty minutes in the Barnes and Noble with absolutely no luck, he decided to peruse the rest of the mall. Nothing remotely piqued his interest until he stumbled across a baby supply store, for a lack of a better term. In the window was a matching set of baby clothes, shoes, etc. What really caught Cas’ eye was the little pear-colored pacifier sitting on a small table beside the ensemble.
"The only update that the doctor included is that he seems to have nightmares. Heart rate spikes, sweats, the works."
“Absolutely!”
"What's all this?"
Dean caught the ball and hummed. "You good good." It was Castiel's turn to laugh.
“Forty-five minutes? Shit…” Dean wiped his hand over his face. “No… No, I’m not sick.” He refused to meet Castiel’s eyes. Cas didn’t need to know about this shit. His fear of thunderstorms… his “habit,” nothing…
“Mmm.. you, Daddy. I’m your baby boy.”
Even in the limited light of the room, Cas could see Dean's face heat up again. The kid was a shy one, for sure. So, Castiel decided to give him a break and stripped down without further comment. They slid into the bed and Dean immediately hid his face in Cas's neck. He laid on his side and wrapped one leg around Cas's thighs. "See you in a little while, Cas."
Dean's laughs slowly faded but his smile remained in place. He cupped Cas's face in his hands. "When you gonna mate me, alpha?"
Cas and Dean meet up with Bobby and Sam for lunch.
"It's only nine. Get one more and make it an even ten."
"I love music."
So, he hopped out of bed and walked into the kitchen. Dean was only wearing boxers and had the pacifier in his mouth. He was totally content with this outfit. He supposed he should be having an emotional meltdown about this time, but he couldn’t seem to find a downside to this little game he and Cas had begun to play. He was able to cuddle with his hot-as-fuck roommate and his kinky side was finally getting scratched. Sure, other partners tried some not-so-vanilla things in bed, but he was tired of a few spankings being considered earth-shattering. Cas knew what was up.
"Okay." Cas handed him the ball. Dean squeezed it a few times and giggled. Then, he threw it quickly at Castiel's face. "You suck." Then, his giggle turned into outright laughter. It was the first time Cas had heard his real laugh and he never wanted it to end.
"That sound like a great idea, Mr. Novak. Maybe I could give you my cell number? Feel free to text me anytime. You too, Dean." Sam smiled at the omega.
, Dean thought as he turned to the table.
The sound of thunder jerked Dean from his sleep. He sat straight up, sweat covering his still-clothed body. Running a hand over his face, Dean laid back down and tried to cool himself off by removing his clothes. Once he was in his boxers alone, he turned over and tried to go back to sleep.
"Our next steps are to just keep talking to the different omegas we rescused and get your boy to talk. I know he can't go on trial or anything like that, but all of the other omegas remember the same green-eyed kid being there when they were taken. It's possible he was one of Alastair's firsts."
"Well, I also have Netflix. In my defense."
“You… aren’t you going to spank me, Daddy?”
"Let me go get your snack." The omega growled quietly. Cas didn't even know that growls could be quiet. "Do you want me to stay?"
Castiel held Dean's hand tightly in his as they walked the brick steps. It was a short walk, but it felt like a mile. The front door was real wood, of course. Cas didn't know anything about woodworking or carpentry, but he thought it looked heavy and handcrafted. The small window towards the top of the door gave a peek into the picturesque home. A crystal chandelier glinted against cozy recessed lighting.
Dean hummed against Cas's throat as he thrust up slowly into the alpha's thigh. "I... I don't know, Alpha... It's... I can't..." He groaned and tilted his head back when Cas nipped at his mating gland. "Wanna get off, but I want it at our house..." He blushed all the way up to his ears.
"No, I can't say that I have," Dean mocked back in his deepest voice. "Then go check! Please, baby? Please? Please?"
Cas saw tears threaten to fall and he, again, tried to refrain from burning down the hospital.
Dean cracked one eye open and sighed. He looked around the room, pointed to Castiel's coat, and then back to himself. "You want to keep my coat while I'm gone?" Dean nodded as he yawned and brought the blanket up to under his chin.
Castiel took a shower with scent-muting body wash and made himself look as casual as possible. He was sure that this omega was tired of all of the hospital staff checking on him every five minutes. Hospitals were like invasive hotels to Castiel. Sure, you got some free movies, but at what cost? So, he decided to wear some dark wash jeans, a light blue sweater, and his trenchcoat.
"Easy there, Alpha. Don't want you to kill him. I think he knows that I belong to you, now." Dean walked over and gave Roche another kick in the crotch to send his point home. At this point with the blood loss and the bashes to the head, the doctor was nearly unconscious. There was no point in continuing. This was Dean simply enjoying an unorthodox therapy session. Dean knelt down beside Roche's face. "You know, Doc, I don't want to tell you how to do your job, but I would think less about getting my dick wet during a damn kidnapping." Dean stood up and cracked his neck.  "Oh, and just in case no one has ever told you, that little thing you call a dick is just pathetic." Dean smiled before spitting in his face. "I'm going to go get the door, babe. His ride's here."
From there, Castiel could determine what kind of day Dean was going to have. If he curled up on the couch, usually with Bee, after choosing one of Castiel's records to listen to, then it was probably going to be a quiet day. If he turned on the TV and propped up his feet on the coffee table, it was going to be an average day. If he asked Cas "what're we gonna do today," that usually meant he had a lot of energy and needed to get out of the house. He really was like a new puppy sometimes.
