“Dean,” Cas said later that night as they lay on their bed, too full from pizza and beer to do much more than cuddle up underneath the blanket. Although Dean would of course deny the use of the term ‘cuddling’ until his dying day.
“Alright, alright, I’m sorry.” Dean cast his eyes down to the scratched kitchen table in front of him.
Dean hid his grin behind a bite of his burger.
“Cas, they won’t mind. You know Charlie’s always running late. She’ll probably be grateful we’re giving her another twenty minutes to make out with her new girlfriend without us there making it awkward.”
Jo rolled her eyes but came over and gave Sam a hearty pat on the shoulder. “Charlie is being dramatic, but it is good to have you back.”
Cas just rolled his eyes and turned back to the script he was supposed to be memorizing. He got maybe one more line in before Dean was back at it.
Dean snorted. “Maybe you should try asking Gabe to cut you some slack.”
“What did he say to you?” Jess demanded. Her and Dean got along rather well, for the most part, but it wasn’t a huge secret that sometimes Sam and Dean’s relationship was still strained from their past.
Dean nodded and set his jaw. “Who were they, anyway?”
Dean stared as the guy finally came into focus without any spots to mar his view, his jaw dropping slightly. Dean was only a few steps out of the closet, but he’d write an ode to this guy’s looks and recite it in front of the whole damn school. Hell, he’d even invite his family, homophobic ones included. The guy looked to be around Dean’s age, same athletic build. He was a couple hours past a five o'clock stubble and his eyes seemed to glimmer shades of blue from midnight to electric. His hair was effortlessly windswept, though that was probably because the dude just fell out of the sky. His clothes were weird, though. They were silvery and glowing (the whole guy was glowing, though, so that part wasn’t much more of a surprise), and they looked vaguely like medieval armor but streamlined and lightweight.
“Well, yeah,” Dean said. “She’s fine when she’s just Jo’s mom, but dude—just trust me. You don’t want to get on her bad side.”
Dean opened his mouth to respond but was cut off by the arrival of his best friend (and possible love of his life), Castiel Novak.
Dean saw his father standing behind Cas, broken and bloody sword raised for another strike.
Sam sighed. “Yes. It’s just a few classes, to, you know, see if it’s something I can still do.”
Dean pulled out the papers he had stuffed into his back pocket this morning in a rush and handed them over.
anything, it’s just that he was really
“Thanks for letting me tag along,” Sam said, dumping his bag in the trunk of the impala. “Man, it’s weird seeing this so deep.”
“What’s wrong with my shirts?” Dean asked, looking down at his baggy black shirt with Batman’s logo standing out in yellow. “Batman is awesome!” He looked back over at Charlie. “Yours has Wonder Woman!” he accused.
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean muttered as Cas brushed by him. “I’ll finish my coffee when I finish my damn coffee.”
Cas turned around in his seat to face him. “No. I don’t want to make this car ride anymore awkward than it’s already going to be.”
“Uh, yeah, me too,” he lied, having lost the silent but heated fight with Charlie. He trailed Cas to the kitchen, rubbing the back of his neck.
“What, we’re just rushing them?” Charlie asked.
“You.”
“About that…” Sam said, and went off into an explanation of how his father had showed up and then Dean showed up. Jess actually gasped. He left out the whole
“Oh my god, you scared the crap out of me, Jo!” Charlie scolded her.
“That hurts, Cassie,” Gabriel said, placing a hand over his heart. “It hurts right here.”
He saw Charlie roll her eyes in the rear view mirror. “Please. He likes his meat so rare it’s practically still alive. Besides, I’ve totally seen him breathe fire. It was both terrifying and amazing.”
“You, too, sir,” Cas replied. “Dean speaks very highly of you.”
“We can’t exactly make a plan when we don’t know anything,” Charlie said. “Besides, there’s a bunch of police here and they have guns, so I’m feeling pretty good about this, actually.”
The monster in the woods? Dean turned back to his mom to demand some details but Sam cut him off.
“You okay there, Cassie?” Gabriel asked him.
Cas stared in horror at what he had just inked onto the page and scribbled it out until it looked like a black scar marring the page. His heart pounded in his chest and he had to keep up a litany of “he won’t see, he won’t see,” in his head until it calmed.
He had used a lot of power already, so he did have to be careful not to tire himself out too soon, but he was getting close.
“Dude,” Sam snickered. “That was pathetic. What are you? An eleven year old with a crush? Actually, I take that back. Eleven year olds have way more dignity than you.”
“That didn’t even occur to me, but you’re totally right,” Jo said. “But wait, I’m still right, because they’d definitely argue for the other color before deciding to combine them.”
“You’re not that irresistible,” Cas replied simply, standing and helping Dean to his feet.
“Perhaps,” Cas mused. “But you’re not written in any language in which I’m fluent.”
“Are they always like this?” Gilda asked Cas.
“So, what? You think I should tell him? Just come right out with a, ‘So you remember how when we were kids I told you I got into a lot of fights at school? Well, it turns out it was our fuckwad of a father. And boy, the beating I got after you left. It’s almost like
Dean tightened his grip on Cas. “Don’t try and bullshit me, Cas.”
“It wasn’t one of my best,” Cas admitted. “But it worked, didn’t it?”
“Oh.” Dean tried to parse out if that was a good or a bad thing.
“Alright, alright,” Dean laughed. “You don’t need to get your ears checked, old man. Although for men your age I hear that a prostate exam comes highly recommended.”
“Whatever,” Dean said. “There’s no room in my car for more than you, though, so you’re going to have to take it up with Meg.”
“On it,” Dean said, steering Cas with the arm still wrapped around him.
“Okay, but say it again, because I think I’m either hallucinating or dead.”
Sam and Mary both laughed, while Dean's face turned an even brighter shade of red than it had been before. "Cas!" he hissed.
Charlie didn’t reply immediately, and Dean wondered what she was doing. His office didn’t look out into the reception area unless he left his door open, which he never did because he was far too easily distracted by the simplest things when he was attempting paperwork.
“Just remember,” Cas told him once they were parked outside of Sam’s shabby apartment building. “You don’t have to talk about anything you don’t want to.”
“Whatever, bitch,” Dean replied. “Now let’s go.”
“Okay, you’re right, okay,” Dean said, taking a huge gulp of air and flexing his chest out before letting the breath out and deflating. “I can’t do this. Do it for me?” he asked hopefully.
The scream had stopped, but Cas still had a pretty good idea of which way to go, and he was proven correct a few moments later when Dean popped out from between two trees, ashen faced and holding his ribs.
“Dean? I heard the car, did you need help with the bags—
“Gee, Bobby, way to make a guy feel important,” Dean replied dryly.
The episode ended and another began. At least Cas would be done grading soon. Then he would go and plant himself in the kitchen, watch Cas as he made the pie, those talented hands of his carefully rolling out the perfect crust. Dean would help, obviously, he could peel the apples, cut them into the perfect slices—
“Drive!” Cas roared.
. Jess was right when she said that five years was a long time. But he didn’t think any amount of time could be
“He didn’t say anything. Meg got all dramatic and told him to think about it.”
“You’ve been saying that a lot lately,” Gabe said, checking Cas’ vitals on the screen next to his bed. “Thinking maybe you’re finally getting a leg up on the guy.”
Dean let out an explosive sigh. “Come on, man. You’ve gotta come hang out. First of all, we all miss you. Even though you’re an annoying pain in the butt like ninety nine percent of the time, you can be okay sometimes. And Charlie and Jo and Cas all miss you, too.” His words didn’t seem to sway Sam, however. “Okay, and second,” Dean went on, “Mom will kill me if I don’t get you to do something with us today. You know she’s not going to believe that you wanted to be alone. She’s going to think that I told you that you couldn’t hang out with me and my friends. Come on, just sit in the living room with us.”
Sam just grinned and shrugged. “Yeah, but that would be Jess’ problem.”
Gingerly, Cas slid his arms around Dean and held him. “What happened?”
By the time Cas woke up, the room was already filled with unpoppable balloons and glimmering streamers, neither of which would disappear for a week if Dean had managed to get the hand movements done correctly. He was pretty sure he had, he’d triple checked his work.
“I can’t do this.”
Sam opened his mouth to fight back, but Dean cut him off.
“Hello, Gabriel,” Cas replied stiffly.
It was Cas’ turn to snort. “Fog machine and strobe lights?” he asked. “You should be thanking me for keeping you from being crowned king of the dorks.”
Dean swung his machete down and sliced off the tentacle that was shooting at him. He shouted an expletive that left his mouth in a bubble. A literal large, single bubble. He had the distinct impression that when it reached the surface it would actually let out the fuck he had given. He couldn’t help it; he laughed.
A fond look passed over his face. “Must you always be the voice of reason?”
Dean’s brow furrowed even more before quickly recollecting himself. “Right. Balthazar.” He nodded a few times and rounded the car to get back into the driver’s seat.
“You told him and he didn’t run?” Bobby said. “Well, damn, boy. He’s even better than I thought.”
“By what? The list of ingredients in front of you?” Dean laughed.
“Hey, I used to watch
“Rude,” Charlie said, but Gilda laughed.
Cas just grinned as Dean commenced some of the aforementioned inappropriate activities.
“Those are fighting words, Novak,” Dean said with a grin, setting the drinks and snacks down. He tried to take up his old seat on the other end of the couch but found Charlie sprawled there, munching on her own bag of chips, trying and failing to look nonchalant and innocent.
“I think we know who the losers are here,” Gilda told Cas in a stage whisper.
“You mean that getting stabbed was the plan?” Dean demanded hysterically, pressing his hands to the stab wound.
“Hey, Cas.”
Cas thought back to that day and felt his cheeks heat up. Dean had been wearing a very tight shirt and jeans that hugged his ass perfectly. Couple that with the fact that it had taken place two months before they got together so Cas had to hide his metaphorical drooling and Cas was pretty sure it was a miracle he didn’t accidentally burn the whole bakery down by accident. “Will you just go and finish the display, please? We’re supposed to open in ten minutes.”
Dean turned from Ava’s latest school picture, blown up to fit onto the television screen, to look at Sam who was frozen to the spot, all color drained from his face.
The sliding glass door opened behind them and Cas poked his head out. “Dean, I do not understand this game. Come be on my team.”
“What?” she asked, attempting innocence. “I’m just taking your advice.”
“Hello, Sam,” Cas said into the phone.
“I could warm you up,” Cas said with a grin.
Cas sighed. “I suppose. Watch out for Crowley, though. He was in a mood.”
Dean blushed and shrugged the comment off.
Dean just laughed.
Dean knocked on Sam's door and after a muffled, "What?" opened it and stepped inside.
Cas smile widened. “I love you, too.”
“Shut up,” Dean said again, but now Sam was practically cackling with glee.
Dean gently took Cas’ hand back. “At least tell me you put some burn cream on it.”
“Because that’s where the monster was telling him to go,” Dean said.
“Let’s just go eat lunch before the bell rings,” Dean said, forgetting to try and one-up Cas in light of the fact that his heart currently felt like it was being filled with helium.
“Aw, cheer up,” Charlie said. “If you think our teasing is bad, just think about how poor Sam is doing in Meg’s car.”
“Right, yeah,” Sam mumbled, bumping into the wall a few times on his way out, completely unwilling to remove his hand from his eyes lest he somehow manage to see through his eyelids. It’s not like this was the first time Sam had caught Dean having sex, but it was definitely the first time Sam caught him taking it up the ass from his best friend.
“Yeah, after you said that you only said it to throw Meg off!”
“I guess I’m going to have to make nice with Sam.”
Dean snorted. “Well, I hope you have a good time tomorrow. I should probably let you go, then.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, looking down in shame. “I didn’t mean it, Cas.”
“Come on, Sammy,” he said. “You didn’t think we’d actually wear those things outside, did you? In public?” He dissolved into laughter again.
Cas gave him another quick peck and then stood and left.  Dean watched him go, very much appreciating the view of his boyfriend’s denim clad backside.
Cas’ face lit up.
Dean had to refrain from doing so at that moment, but still gave a nod of agreement. “Promise. Now come on, convince me, man.”
Cas brought his hand from Dean’s cheek to the nape of his neck. “What should we do about it?”
Sam hung his head.
“You know I was nine the first time he hit me?” he said. “Sammy was asleep. Dad had been drinking for…” He let out a long breath. “Oh, I dunno, since noon, probably. He had had a hard day. He’d hit a dead end looking for the thing that killed mom and he was frustrated. And I guess I was starting to look a little too much like her.” He closed his eyes and leaned his head back against the headrest. “He took care of that for me. He was real sorry about it in the morning. Kept shooting me these weird looks like he wanted to say something.” Dean shrugged. “But I mean, it wasn’t so bad. After that it was just for things that were my fault, you know? Like when I didn’t watch Sammy close enough, when I screwed up on a hunt. When I almost got CPS called on us.”
“I just know,” Cas told him. “Of course I regret not telling you sooner, but this just means that every morning when I wake up and see your adorably confused expression,—“ Dean choked on the sip of coffee he had taken, opening his mouth to argue against his being termed adorable, but Cas continued without giving him the chance, “—I get to tell you that I love you, and every morning I’ll get to see your confusion make way for your happiness. I have very much enjoyed seeing that these past six days, and I can’t imagine a day when I will not enjoy seeing you return my feelings. I will get to have all of your first ‘I love you’s, all of your first kisses.”
to say it.”
“Class?” Dean looked between Cas and Sam with a suspicious crease between his brows.
, Cas replied, sending his amusement along with it.
Dean watched him go, but before Cas could turn the corner he called out, “Dean.”
“Oh, um, yes,” Castiel replied. “I was wondering if you would allow me to buy your next drink…” Castiel rubbed the back of his neck, a nervous tick he acquired only in the most stressful of situations.
“Cas, look,” Dean pleaded. “I’m not saying that I don’t trust you with all of this, I’m only trying to say that I like it here. I like living here and I don’t want to move and start over, okay? So of course I trust you, Cas. But if you’re found by hunters then that’s our only option.”
Dean scowled, but luckily Cas cut in before he could reply. “Dean and I own this restaurant.”
“You really took that thing’s name?”
“Yup,” Dean said curtly.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “I’d rather people didn’t see the hickey at all.”
“I’ll take care of it,” Cas replied.
“Alright, alright,” Dean surrendered. “But I’m still getting a blowjob tonight, though, right?”
The five of them spent the rest of the morning and into the afternoon channel surfing and chatting. Sam even seemed to come out of his shell and act like his old self again. All in all, they agreed it was a good day. Even if Jo and Charlie were later reprimanded for not going to the park like they had promised.
Charlie hopped off the counter and grabbed some chips out of a cabinet. She held them out for Dean, but pulled them back when he made a grab for them. “Losers who didn’t ask their crush to the dance don’t get chips,” she told him.
He smiled. "Thanks, mom."
“Dean—“
professor or that jerk in your criminal law class. And then I either pretend to laugh or help you come up with ways to make that guy disappear. But today you look sort of like a zombie ate your brain. Did you get a B on a pop quiz or something?”
“Sammy, I swear to god, if you don’t accept this I’m going to take a page out of dad’s book and kidnap you. Except, you know, when you wake up you’ll be on a beautiful island instead of in a shitty old barn.”
“Oh,” Charlie said. “Well, okay then.”
“She’s introducing us to her new girlfriend. We shouldn’t be so disrespectful as to make a bad first impression.”
“He didn’t even see anything,” Andy said. “My mom and dad say he says stuff like that for attention.” He shrugged. “They say the divorce is hard on him, but I’m just like, whatever, you know? My parents are way happier apart than together, and besides, now we get two Christmases. But I mean, he has been acting extra weird lately, though, so I guess they must be right.”
“Yeah,” Dean told him. “Because you like me.”
Castiel looked up from his book when he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Dean’s best friend, Charlie he believed her name was. His face paled a little. He knew she had caught him staring at Dean, now here she was to tell him to knock it off or else.
Cas went over and sat next to Dean, pulling one of his arms down in order to hold his hand. Dean’s posture relaxed minutely. Sometimes it still baffled Sam how much his brother had changed. He didn’t know how Cas had done it, but he was thankful that Dean had him.
“You’re daddy’s on his way here right now.”
“Well, I mean you kind of sprung it on me,” Dean said, scrubbing a hand over his face.
Charlie and Cas exchanged a worried look as Dean and Jo finally entered the room, still bickering.
“Assbutt,” Cas shook his head. “You do realize I’m having dinner at your house tonight, right?”
The word, “Dad,” forced itself from Dean’s throat in barely more than a whisper.
Dean turned to Cas with a slight frown. “What? Did you burn the pie?”
“So, do you, uh,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck and scuffed the toe of his shoe on the ground. “Do you wanna dance?”
Their apartment smelled like garlic and tomatoes when he got back. He peeked his head into their tiny kitchen and saw Jess stirring a pot on the stove.
“Yeah,” Sam replied in somewhat of a daze, staring at the coffee table in front of him as if it held the secrets to the universe.
“Because you promised you wouldn’t ditch us all summer to make out,” Charlie told him with a glare, obviously not impressed with his performance so far.
Cas shrugged. “Only when it’s pertinent. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work in forty and I need to get ready.”
Cas clenched his jaw. “I’m not going anywhere.” He brought his knees up and used them to kick off of Lucifer to launch himself back towards the hole in the sky. Lucifer grabbed him around the ankle and yanked him back. Cas followed along with the motion and brought his blade up, stabbing Lucifer in the shoulder.
“What the hell, Sam?” Jess said, pulling her arm out of Sam’s grip.
“Whatever you want is fine,” Cas replied in a sigh.
Bobby gave a low whistle as he looked them over. “Damn, son. You did this without Cas?”
“You’re so happy all the time.”
“Yeah, but, Cas. You left out the
And now he was lying down on his newly chosen bed in his newly chosen room, massaging his newly full stomach. He still needed to put away all of his new robes and books as well. He had tried declining Bobby’s offer to buy him new books, but Bobby had insisted.
a dragon. They exist. No, he’s not doing anything nefarious to get me to be with him.” He hunched his shoulders as he leaned on the counter. “I mean, you met the guy, Bobby. He’s harmless.”
“Well no jokes about you-know-what here,” Dean told him sternly. “You almost gave me a heart attack.”
Dean and Jo swore, Charlie squeaking out what might have been an expletive in elvish.
“I know,” Dean admitted, trying to burrow even further into Cas’ warmth. “I know I’m just being paranoid, it’s just…” He lowered his voice to barely more than a whisper and finished, “I’m still scared of him. And I know it’s stupid to be. I mean, I’m not some dumb kid anymore who was too afraid to stand up for himself, but…” He reached a hand up and grabbed Cas’ arm and squeezed. “I dunno. Give me a vengeful spirit or a werewolf and I’m fine. Pumped, even. But I see my dad and I just…”
They both gave up with a grin.
Charlie hopped up on the counter and crossed her arms. “So spill,” she said.
She shushed him again and then pointed down the path.
Sam and Jess came and sat down at the table with twin looks of confused awe on their face.
“Me, too,” Dean replied. “But we haven’t gone inside yet. He could be waiting in there with an arsenal.”
Dean practically tripped over himself trying to pull Cas to the couch with him.
“Oh, dude,” Charlie said excitedly. “She found this sweet VW bug that she wants to fix up. I told her it would be okay.”
“Lucifer?” he spluttered as the face of his long dead brother stared at him with a shark like grin.
Dean sighed. “Cas, stop freaking Sam out.”
Dean wished he could telepathically communicate with Charlie to tell her to
Dean laughed. “Well, whatever you did is definitely working for you, buddy.”
“I love you, too,” Cas replied. “Now let’s go. I wasn’t lying about being hungry and right about now you’re starting to look pretty tasty.”
“Perhaps,” Cas admitted. “Should we go to class then?”
Dean buried his smile into Cas’ shoulder. “I’ll call Bobby up tomorrow and see if he has anything that needs doing around here. If not we’ll skip it and get straight to the good stuff for you.”
Dean sighed, knowing that he'd lost. He smoothed the front of his shirt out. "So you excited to go to the park?" Dean asked.
The other three trained their flashlights on the ground, hoping to see a flash of silver. Jo dropped to the ground and began patting over the dirt where she had fallen.
Dean made it fully onto dry land and the flippers on his feet disappeared, along with the fins on his arms. He smiled as he realized his metal wings had stayed. He turned back towards the shore, waiting to see what form the creature would take next. He didn’t wait long.
“Here’s your disgusting licorice,” he said, dropping a bag of red vines onto Dean’s lap.
“You know, if it wasn’t Cas’ birthday, I’d consider turning this car around.”
“And people say you’re not a softy.”
Dean couldn’t help it, he laughed.
He exited the bathroom, bracing himself for Jo’s barrage of remarks, but it seemed she had grown a conscience in the past two minutes because she just smiled at him. “You clean up nice, Dean-o.”
,” Dean called over his shoulder. He heard Sam grumble some more, but he didn’t wait around to hear just how he was being insulted by his little brother. He hustled his way to Bobby’s office, hoping he’d be there this early on a Saturday. He usually was, he liked to keep early office hours on the weekends. Dean heavily suspected it was so that no one would go to them, but he couldn’t prove it.
“Nah, that’d ruin the mystery,” Dean laughed and put an arm around Cas’ shoulders. He remembered at the last minute how gross and sweaty he was, but it was too late to change tact now. Besides, Cas was just as sweaty as he was. In this heat, it’d be impossible not to be.
“Well, now that’s all sorted, let’s get you settled,” Bobby said. “We won’t know your permanent room assignment until all the students arrive, but for now you can have your pick.”
, despite the fact that he sees her every day at school and has barely seen Dean these past couple of months. It’s not a big deal. Not a big deal at all.
Dean tried to stop himself, his momentum carrying him just to the edge of the crater, his shoes slipping across the dirt and forest debris. His arms pin wheeled at his sides as he tried to regain his balance, his toes peeking over the edge, but he managed to stabilize himself.
“What?” Dean asked.
“Hey, what’s wrong?” Dean asked.
“Where’s Cas?” he asked him.
“What the hell am I reading here about a soul bond?” Dean could hear the frown in Bobby’s voice.
That was number one.
Dean gave him a hesitant smile. “We could try that.”
“Yeah, thanks,” Dean said, opening up the fridge. “I’m in the mood for burgers, what about you guys?”
Dean and Cas exchanged a confused look.
“Aw, come on, Cas,” Dean gave him a playful shove. “Live a little.”
Dean did turn around at that. “Uh, maybe because you told me you were?” he said. “Maybe because every fucking time I think that you might stay, you turn tail and
Curious, he got up and crept over to his door, pressing his ear against it. He could hear the soft padding of footsteps through the wood. He bent down and grabbed the baseball bat that was half sticking out beneath his dresser and gripped it tight before he slowly turned the knob and then threw his door wide open.
Cas shook his head and crossed his arms tightly across his chest. “Give me your phone.”
He grabbed her elbow and attempted to pull her back down. “You can’t ask him out!” he told her urgently. “You’re a lesbian, you don’t even like guys!”
“Dean, I have to go,” Cas said, carding his fingers through his boyfriends hair and tugging gently. Dean ignored him and continued sucking a mammoth sized hickey onto Cas’ neck. “Dean,” Cas whined. “Chess club started three minutes ago.”
Sam sniffed, and it sounded almost like a laugh.
Everyone laughed at the look on Dean’s face.
Cas could have stayed like that forever, perfectly comfortable staring into his best friend’s eyes glinting in the moonlight for all of eternity. He could feel similar sentiments over their Bond.
“The phrase ‘easy as pie’ is a glaring inaccuracy.”
“The Big Brother’s Club, you big dummy. It’s alright, I forgive you,” he said, all very quickly. And with the same grin on his face and a new menacing twinkle in his eye that promised violence, he continued, “But if you break his heart I’ll rip yours out.”
.’ What did he mean?”
“How long do you think they’re going to give us?” Sam asked.
Sam snorted. “Snare? Dad, Cas is a good guy. He’s not tricking Dean into anything.”
Cas leaned over and placed a kiss on Dean’s forehead. “I believe you started keeping a journal a few weeks ago. It’s on your nightstand. I’ll go make some breakfast.”
“Were you going to ask someone?”
Dean grunted.
“Why the hell wouldn’t he?”
“Oh,” Jess said. She frowned as she pondered the question. “Well, what’s the worst that could happen? Best case scenario, they’ve somehow managed to get reservations last minute on a cancellation or something. I mean, maybe they know the maître d’ and he snuck them in. Worst case scenario, we look like idiots for five minutes and find out that your brother really is a giant asshole and then I make you feel better with ice cream and sex. I say we go for it.”
Dean shrugged and walked over to sit on his bed. “I don’t feel like sharing with the class,” he said. “And god knows you can’t keep from going all Dr. Phil every time I so much as have an extra drink at dinner.”
John took the one next to him. “So, your, uh,
“No,” Cas said. “But Charlie just called. Your father showed up at the shop. I’m on my way there now.”
Cas just tilted his head to the side and pulled his wings in tightly to his back. “Isn’t this dinner time?”
“Why that one?” Dean asked, finally turning to look at Cas for the first time since they laid down on the grass.
Charlie tried to hide a smirk, but followed Dean as he struggled to walk off in a huff while holding two coffee mugs with one hand and balancing two muffins on a single plate in the other.
Cas’ face lit up. Literally. Dean threw up his hands to shield his face.
“Hey, I resent that,” Charlie said. “I’m the president of the LARPing club and I know I’m absolutely, one hundred percent dateable. If anything, I’m out of most people’s league.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “I guess after spending a millennia as an angel watching the earth travel around the sun again and again a few days watching me are nothing, huh?”
“No,” Sam assured him. “I’m sure I’ll love it! Where is it, I’ll put it on right now.”
“That’s what you get. Gabriel is my brother, Dean! Do you really think he’s ever going to let me live down having a Texas sized hickey on my neck? Do you really think he’s going to let
"Dean and I were going to play catch outside after dinner, if you wanted to join us," Cas said, turning to Sam.
Sam thought about it. He needed to figure out who was telling the truth. It didn’t really take him too long. Actions speak louder than words, right?
“Nah,” Dean said. “He was wearing me down, though. Another couple of days and there would have been a mutt running around the bunker.”
“Keep it in
That was the million dollar question. He wanted to just run away and pretend like none of this ever happened, but that would require leaving his home and he worked hard to make a home. He’s worked hard on letting himself accept a home.
Dean leaned down and kissed him. “Can’t believe you ruined my big romantic gesture,” he said when they broke apart, keeping his face hovering an inch away from Cas’. “I got you roses and everything. Now what are we going to tell our kids about this, huh?”
“Let’s go to the library,” Charlie said. “We can hang up some more posters and see if they have anything about the monster.”
The next thing Dean knew, he was gasping in lungfuls of air as he collapsed to the ground. Dirt was flying into his mouth, making him cough and splutter, but the oxygen felt so nice he didn’t care.
“Look,” Dean cut in, “I know Sam said it was Veritaserum, but that can’t have been what it was, okay? It was like the opposite or something! A potion to make you lie and can’t tell the truth! There’s gotta be something like that, right?”
The man slumped forward and covered his face with one of his hands, small whimpering sounds now coming from him, albeit muffled.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said. There had definitely been an attempt made at flattening his hair, but Dean was glad it had failed. He liked that Cas always looked a little windswept. It added to the whole head in the clouds thing he had going for him.
“Sure thing, Dean-o. Just remember us little people when you’re making out with your dreamy new boyfriend. Well, maybe not
“Cas,” Dean warned.
“Yeah, well, he’s left me once, I don’t think he’ll have any problem doing it again.”
They didn’t even notice the music had stopped until Charlie and Jo came over to tell them they better leave or get volunteered for clean-up duty.
Right?
Dean took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “Okay,” he said. “This might be super cheesy, but, uh…” He reached into his pocket and pulled something out in his fist.
“You know you’d miss all those secret stashes of candy he has lying around,” Dean told him.
Cas twisted the handle and pushed, taking a few steps in.
A chill went down Dean’s spine. Who knew what kind of fresh hell Gabe would add to the mix. “You are forbidden from speaking with Gabriel,” he told Sam, slicing his hand through the air as if it made his pronouncement official.
Dean rolled his eyes. “You’re such a dork, man. You have put way too much thought into this.”
With a groan he pushed himself up off his bed and decided to put his things away. He never realized eating so much would make him so tired. He was just going to hang up his new robes, brush his teeth, and pass out.
Finally, they turned their attention away from each other.
.” He stopped and turned to face Cas. “Let’s move. Go somewhere no one knows us. Europe!” he declared. “I don’t know anyone in Europe. It’s perfect. And I fucking love Italian food. We could just spend the rest of our lives eating pizza and living on some private beach.” He paused and grinned. “Better idea: private island. We won’t even have to deal with other people because we’ll be the only ones there. I’m a genius.”
That managed to scrounge a laugh out of Cas, while Balthazar gave them both up as a lost cause and announced that it was about time they left if he wanted to make his flight.
“No!” Dean shouted. “No, I’m sorry, but Sam is missing! And I’m telling them where to find him and they’re looking at me like I’m crazy! You’re looking at me like I’m crazy!”
“And what are your suspicions?” Sam asked.
“I’ll be fine, Dean,” Cas insisted through a grimace. “I’ll survive.”
“I wasn’t worried about being there alone,” Cas told her, though they both knew it was a lie. Well, mostly a lie. Castiel didn’t mind being alone, but he had been extremely nervous to be the only student among a dozen unknown adults.
“Do we know where Dean is?” he asked.
“I don’t know,” Dean said. “That’s what he said, but I believe him. I mean, all the kids that have disappeared have seen the monster, right? They were all there.”
“She’s Sam’s friend,” Dean said, turning to look at Charlie.
“Fuck,” Dean said, not into the intercom. He should have known his happiness couldn’t last. Living with Cas had definitely lulled him into a false sense of security about such things. He pushed the button down for the intercom. “Alright, I’ll be right out.”
Cas moved his hands from Dean’s jacket, gliding up his chest, and finally coming to rest cupping either side of his face. “I love you, Dean.”
“Okay, Dean,” Cas said and turned to walk away. Once he got to the door, however, he turned back. “I’m staying,” he told him. “I mean, I’m leaving now to go to the store, but I am staying here. For good. That was clear, right?”
John eyed Sam warily. “You sure? You sure the tests were done properly? We can’t trust anything Dean has said about it, he could be under that creature’s snare.”
“I’m dramatic?” Dean asked, scandalized and with a squeak in his voice.
Cas nodded, eyes closed as if still savoring the kiss.
“We’re not an experiment,” Dean told him.
“But—“
“I’m president,” Cas said, tugging more insistently.  This time Dean followed his boyfriend’s lead and pulled away.
“It’s not like I changed my name to avoid them,” Dean muttered.
He lifted the hand not holding his machete and beckoned the monster over with a crook of his fingers. The creature didn’t make him wait, pouncing almost immediately and jumping further than Dean thought possible, landing on top of Dean. Dean fell to the ground, the weight of the massive hairless paws keeping him in place. The attack had knocked the machete out of Dean’s hand and he groaned at his previous arrogance.
“Yes, but then I achieved world domination,” Cas replied.
Cas nodded.
“I see you don’t mind taking full advantage of the benefits of me working at a bakery,” Cas scoffed as Gabe reached for another muffin, this time the apple crumble.
“I imagine that would be quite easy,” he replied.
Dean smiled despite himself. “Get the hell outta here before I kick your ass,” he said, fighting his grin and losing.
Gabriel cursed and shuffling sounds came over the phone and then a muffled attempt at waking Cas. It took a few minutes, but finally Cas came on the line.
“Now,” Cas said, “after I finish grading, I was thinking of making my lovable yet infuriating boyfriend a pie.”
side in arguments, right?” Dean asked.
“I don’t think Gabe does like it, really,” Cas said. “But I do. The quiet is nice. And it’s the last thing I can remember doing with my dad before he left.”
The thing got in Dean’s face, breathing its putrid breath and dripping saliva onto him. “Ugh, you are one smelly son of a bitch.”
“Dammit, Cas, I told you to be back in time for dinner,” Dean said, getting himself all riled up and ready for a fight.
“How is this happening, Cas?” he asked. “How the fuck are they the couple Gilda happened to invite over? How is this a thing that is happening?”
Still feeling buoyed by the success of Sam and Cas’ interactions, Dean said, “Sure thing, man. We just took some vacation time to go on the hunt, but maybe in a few weeks or so. It just depends on how busy I get at the shop.”
Cas narrowed his eyes in a glare.
Dean groaned. “Please, Cas? I’ll do anything.” He snuck a hand under Cas’ shirt and leaned in close to whisper again, “
. And to a
Their lights both landed on it at the same time.
“I’m just not really in the mood right now,” Sam told his knees. “Maybe later.”
“We do?” Cas asked.
“Nah,” Dean said. “I’m the opposite of what dad wanted me to be.”
“Is this a
“Trust me,” Sam said. “I know.”
Dean pursed his lips in thought before blowing out a breath between them. “I guess that is kind of a weird question.” He turned his marshmallow over and warned Cas to do the same. “What’s your favorite thing to do, then?”
Dean grumbled as he slammed his door.
“What are you talking about? I’m not doing anything.” Sam brought his hands up at his sides as if to prove it.
“He’s not going to attack me, Cas,” Dean said. “He wants to talk to me.”
“Good, then I will go and retrieve the beer.” But Dean still had his grip on Cas’ sleeve and wasn’t letting up. They both knew that Cas could break free quite easily, but their earlier years had taught them that only made things worse.
The yellow orbs got bigger and started coming closer. It was only then that they saw that they weren’t just floating eyes like the Cheshire Cat, but attached to a humanoid body so twisted and emaciated that in the dark it looked just like another towering sapling.
“No problem, kiddo,” Gabe replied easily.
Cas blushed and scooted closer to Dean.
“I—uh,” Sam said.
“Wait, wait, wait,” Jess said, pushing some blonde strands of hair behind her ear. “Your brother? Your long lost brother was at the grocery store?”
“Yes,” Cas replied. “Now, if you’ll excuse me I have to go and make a card to go with these.”
She nodded sagely again. “It took five minutes to come up with that plan?”
Dean doubled his efforts in shouting his head off and attempting escape while trying to keep the hand Sam was actually working on as stationary as possible to help him out. He just wished he could let Cas in on the plan since he was pacing the perimeter and staring at Sam like he couldn’t wait to rip him apart.
“I don’t want to start another fight, alright? I want,” he sighed. “I want this to work. But man, I can’t talk about shit with dad, okay? I
“What the hell happened? He was just so friggin’ excited about the park.”
Cas slid his hand down Dean’s arm and intertwined their fingers. “Or maybe I could just help you out. Your class is right next to mine.”
“Who are we talking about?” Jo had come up behind them.
Cas scoffed and rolled his eyes, but was unable to keep the slight blush at bay. “It’s just… you’ve never let anyone wear it before.”
Cas furrowed his brow and cocked his head to the side in puzzlement. “Is it a secret?”
“Charlie!” he whisper-shouted at her. “
“Do you believe me now?” Castiel asked, and if Dean wasn’t mistaken, there was the tiniest hint of a smirk in the corner of his mouth.
Cas blew steam out of his nose in annoyance. “This is ridiculous,” he muttered again. “We should not be running away from your father.”
Cas fidgeted where he stood in front of the flour, egg shell, and apple peel strewn counters. He could see Dean’s eyes rove over it, taking it in and processing. Biting his lip, he waited for Dean to reprimand him for the mess.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Are you going to the dance?”
“I won’t,” Cas replied easily, opening his locker and grabbing the desired biology text book and handing it over to Dean. “I’m a good student.”
“Please, Sam’s cool. He would’ve scampered if you asked him to.” She gave him an accusing look. “Don’t tell me that you used him as an excuse to wimp out.”
A small smile graced Cas’ features. “I love you very much.”
It was a week before Bobby called them back. Sam had eventually gone home to catch up on all of his schoolwork, but promised to be only a phone call away if dad came back, which, luckily, hadn’t been necessary so far.
His mother scoffed and her eyes narrowed. “No, you can’t just stay with Gabriel. Your cousin is not a good influence, Castiel. I will not allow you to live off of nothing but sugar, terrible television, and vulgar pranks. You will be ready to leave in ten minutes for dinner at Chez Lafitte.”
“No thanks to you,” Bobby replied. “Dean didn’t know he was telling me new information. I think he figured that you’d already told me. Having been with her for three years now.”
Dean roared with laughter. “Come on, Gabe’s not
“You don’t believe in the monster,” Cas replied.
“Yes,” Cas replied, a small smile lifting a corner of his mouth, the first time that Sam had seen the guy show any emotion at all. “Four years, now.”
“Oh, hell no,” Jo said. “Spill. When did you two decide to go to the dance
Dean wouldn’t look at him, but that didn’t stop Sam from noticing the way his jaw was clenched tightly in anger.
That is until he realized his brother was a complete and useless mess.
“Charlie,” Dean cut her off. “You’re going off on a book versus movie tangent again.”
Cas rolled his eyes. “
The doctors and nurses had warned them that memory loss could be an issue, that this type of thing was common with head injuries. They were hopeful, though, said it might get better someday, but to prepare themselves for the fact that his short term memory may be gone for good.
Almost as if on cue, the screen door banged open and a sweat covered Sam stumbled in and sat down at the table.
But Castiel merely shook his head. “No, it’s alright. I like it.”
“Fine,” Charlie huffed. “But only because I don’t think it’s very smart to discuss this when Cas is in the other room.”
“It’s why I let you in.” Dean crossed his arms over his chest like a petulant child.
John sighed and wiped a hand over his face. “Look, son, can we talk?”
“Just go save the table,” Dean told him, turning his back on him in an attempt to end the argument.
“They might have, they kept giving each other weird looks during dinner.”
Sam’s jaw nearly dropped to the floor. “Wait, you know?”
, it read next to the car,
“I’m telling you, Sammy,” Dean insisted, “he’s an angel.”
“Well, now you’ll be more than fine,” Cas said. “And this way, if the hunt is farther away we can stay in a nice hotel room and make a vacation out of it.”
He read through the rest of the notes, mostly dumb comments about the actual text (
Cas climbed out of the impala and twisted his back, hearing the little pops that signified that he had been stationary for far too long. He peeled his black tee off and threw it at Dean who was getting their bags from the backseat. It hit him square in the face and he yelped at the unexpectedness of it.
Despite his earlier quip, Cas had a hard time eating his pizza (no pun intended this time). He feared he had gone too far. Dean wouldn’t make eye contact anymore, and every time he got close his face flushed pink and he would look down.
She let out a sharp laugh at that. “I’m not asking him out for me,” she said, pulling her arm out of Dean’s now dawning-realization-induced slackened grip. Charlie made it halfway across the cafeteria before the full effect of her words hit him.
“You sure about that?” Gabe asked.
“Dean,” he said, holding an arm out to stop him and the others.
Muffled voices came from the living room and Dean quickly whipped off the Kiss the Cook apron he had been wearing and chucking it into the pantry before anyone could see.
“You kidding?” Dean asked, cocky grin in place. “You opened the door and it wasn’t to claw my eyes out. I’m pretty sure I’m forgiven.” He leaned in for another kiss, but Cas pushed him away.
“That’s my boy,” John said, and released his grip on Sam’s arms. He walked over and picked up the large leather tome he had been holding before and began flipping through the pages. “Now that the dragon is here we can finally finish the ritual. Go and make sure your brother is secure. The break can cause a physical reaction.”
Dean ignored the gawking looks as he went. He was used to them by now, but this time they seemed more blatant, though he supposed that was because he was without his perpetual partner in crime.
Dean grinned. “You’re building us a house?”
He scrambled off of whatever it was as fast as he could manage, accidentally elbowing it in the side. It let out an ‘oof’ at the contact and Dean yelped involuntarily.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, from where he was sitting on their bed reading a book. His wings were laid out on either side of him.
“Really?” Dean asked skeptically. “You asked Sam, who has been out of the business for five years and who has to be back at school tomorrow, to stay and help you research what’s probably going to turn out to be a wild goose chase.”
“Marshmallow fluff?” Jess asked.
“Okay,” Dean said, throwing the remote down on the cushion next to him and standing. “What’s wrong?”
“Just a big spell,” Dean replied.
Cas shot his eyes towards Dean before darting them away. “It was a wish. Someone making a wish”
“Does that bag have a charm on it or do I need to take you shopping?”
“Oh my god, I didn’t even think of that,” Dean said, horrified. He grabbed Cas by the hand and began dragging him over to the pizza line, jostling and bumping into the crowds of dancers as they went.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said. “You have the best ideas.”
in the house!” Dean whispered vehemently.
The song they were dancing to ended and another began, the tempo slightly faster, but still slow enough for them to continue dancing.
Cas smiled. “What would you have named the dog?”
“What?” Sam said, trying to feign innocence. “Why would I do that?”
“Charlie…” Dean groaned.
“Dean?” Cas ran into the room, dropping down next to him. “What happened?” His hands hovered over Dean’s bad knee but didn’t touch, too afraid to cause any more pain.
Dean stared into the fridge, willing something new to appear.
“Yeah.”
If he had bothered to look at Cas he would have seen the look of awe written across his features as he slowly lifted a hand to touch his lips, checking to see if the sensation would be different from when Dean’s had pressed against them not moments ago.
Charlie gave him a sympathetic pat on his shoulder. “She’ll understand.”
“No more hickeys,” he admonished.
Sam’s sweater lit up, too. It was blue with a giant cartoon moose on the front, beads of light strung around the antlers. He looked for about five minutes, but he couldn’t find any sort of switch to turn the lights off. He grimaced as he pulled it on over his head. It was warm where the lights glowed brightly on his chest. That had to be a fire hazard. He was going to be pissed if he’d survived monsters and demons this long to be taken out by the ugliest sweater on the planet.
“But people
Cas, though, was just glad that Dean remembered him. He understood, of course, Sam’s lamenting of the circumstances, but Sam seemed to forget that the bad stuff was what had brought Cas to Dean. Perhaps it was selfish of him—no, Cas knew it was selfish of him, but Dean remembered him. Dean remembered everything about him and even though that included the betrayals and abandonments, he wouldn’t have it any other way. It would feel far too much like another betrayal if Cas got to enjoy the benefits of Dean’s friendship without Dean’s full knowledge of everything he had done.
Jo shrugged. “They think that they both ran away because they thought they were the father.”
“They sure did get that grumpy part right, though.”
“Oh my god, I can’t believe you’re here!”
“Neither would you,” Bobby retorted easily.
.’ Is that—is that how I should have started the conversation?”
“Uh, yeah,” Jess said. “They own the nicest restaurant in town. It’s got like four stars. I’m pretty sure it’s been on one of those Food Network shows.”
“Something you forgot to share with the class?” Jo asked, staring between Dean and Cas expectantly.
“Oh.” A soft smile turned up the corners of Dean’s lips. “I like that.” Dean fit his fingers between Cas’ and held his hand in a decidedly non-platonic fashion.
“No, I’m sorry,” she said. “You two have been dating for a week and decided not to tell me? I’m your best friend, you jerks!” She punched both of them in the shoulder.
Sam shrugged. “Dad likes to work alone for the most part. And honestly, like, no offense or anything, but I don’t think he’s going to want to spread around the fact that his own son is, you know, living in sin with a monster.” He flashed a worried glance up at Cas. “Uh—creature.”
“Oh, nothing much, just that he went to dinner with you last night? Why don’t you tell me about it since you apparently didn’t bother telling me that you were going to have a little reunion.”
Cas squinted and tilted his head. “He’d… like it?”
Cas didn’t respond immediately and upon looking back at what he just said, Dean’s heartrate skyrocketed and his face flushed.
Cas shrugged. “I get that a lot. Gabriel says he’s going to buy me a bell.”
“Right,” Sam replied. This was like an information overload and on the one hand he had a million and one questions to ask about the lore behind dragons, but on the other he still couldn’t quite wrap his head around this situation. He was too close. Learning about lore, he had always been one step removed. Sure, he would interact with the creatures, but it was mostly to stop them from killing. And it’s not like he knew any of the creatures personally. (Well, there was that one he befriended when he was younger, but that friendship had ended almost as soon as it had started.) And this was
“Dean’s my boss, he won’t care if I’m late.”
Dean laughed. “Yeah, dude. Let’s get you some caffeine.”
Charlie held Jo back until it was clear Dean wasn’t going to be asking any questions. Dean ignored Charlie’s look of disappointment. It was pretty easy to do with Cas smiling at him like he was.
“Well, I’d probably call 911,” he replied easily. “Let a medical professional patch me up.”
“Wait!” she called after them, trying to gather up all of her things to follow them.
“No, Cas, don’t—” Dean took a step forward, hand reaching out for him, but seemed to think better of it and stopped halfway, letting his arm fall uselessly back to his side.
“You better,” Dean told him. “You better miss me every minute we’re not together.”
“Scout’s honor,” Dean said, holding his hand up in the proper Boy Scout salute.
“You’re right,” Cas said, his voice taking on a hint of anger. “I would not have agreed with you on that. I’m not a child, Dean, I’m perfectly capable of assisting on hunts—“
The next day he had a response,
. Jo snickered behind him the whole way.
“Yes,” Cas said firmly. “I enjoy our time together.”
Dean rolled his eyes. He didn’t need the ability to read Charlie’s mind to know she was imagining putting that on a shirt.
“Dean, stop fidgeting, you’re going to be fine,” Cas said, placing a calming hand on Dean’s knee.
“Caaaassss!” Dean called. He waited, straining to hear any noise over the soft tones of the TV. “Caaaaaaaa—“
“We don’t have uniforms to check out in the library.”
“Fine, fine.” Dean said, holding his hands up in surrender. “You’ll be okay back here? There’s no more mixing left, but you do have to spoon out the cookies onto the—“
Dean slammed his door as he got out of the car and stalked his way into their apartment building, not even looking back to see if Cas was following.
. It was a feeling so foreign to him that in the beginning it was hard to even let himself feel it without the crushing weight of his anxiety telling him that it was going to be ripped away from him at any moment. But now he did his best to crush those anxious feelings and just let himself be.
“So you’re just going to tell him about it every day?”
“But - “
“Jo’s here,” Charlie announced, plopping herself down next to Dean and jostling him over a couple of inches to get him closer to Cas.
“But—“
?” Charlie’s voice was tinny over the intercom.
of work. You’re probably going to have to go and beg some parts off of your secret source. And Tracy is almost done on the engine for the Ford so I told her you’d check it when she finished so she can start on her side project.”
.” He said it as if he couldn’t quite understand how Cas wasn’t understanding the hierarchy of the presents.
Dean sat down on the bed beside him. “Really? Because it feels like you’re getting all weird again. We were supposed to go and play at the park today, man. I even convinced mom to give us some money for the ice cream truck. We can get the Ninja Turtle popsicles! She gave us extra, too, in case we want to splurge on a Choco Taco.” He lifted his eyebrows up and down. “I know that’s your favorite kind of taco,” he singsonged.
The thing lunged for him, its beak full of teeth snapping at him, missing him by inches as Dean’s wings beat behind him to bring him backwards. Thank god Cas had made the things pretty self-explanatory. He doubted he’d win any finesse competitions, but he pretty much only had to think a direction for his wings to bring him that way, for which he was eternally grateful. The feeling of having two extra limbs was weird enough, he doubted he’d be coordinated enough with them to think about proper wing movements as well.
“Yeah, well I scared the crap out of me, too,” Jo replied as Charlie helped pull her to her feet. “I thought I felt something grab my arm and then my foot got caught in a stupid tree root.” She dusted herself off.
Now he ran, as fast as he could, worn converse pounding the pavement, adding to the fast paced drumbeat of his heart. Twice he had to jump behind bushes as the increased police presence made itself known in the form of patrol cars coming down the street at an unbearably slow crawl.
“What?” she asked. “Dean, his birthday is today!”
Gabriel sighed and wiped a hand down his face. “Do you want to tell me about this morning?”
“Okay, first of all,” Dean said. “I don’t think anyone at this school aside from the LARPing club and my AP Physics class knows who I am; and second, do you really have money on it?”
“Go away,” Dean mumbled. “I’m never speaking to you again.”
He ran, ignoring the inquisitive looks he got, the buzzy,
run a bakery. And I enjoy the work. Especially the accounting. It’s so… monotonous. It’s a nice change.”
Dean lifted his head just enough to press his lips to Cas’. “I love you.”
“Sam, you saw three delinquents dressed up in a costume and a mask,” their mother countered, not unkindly.
“Took you long enough,” Dean said, starting the engine and pulling out of the garage much more quickly than Sam thought was strictly necessary.
“No, you know what?” Dean said, looking up at Sam. “I can’t do this right now. Get the fuck outta my house.”
“It isn’t nonsense! It was real! I saw it!” Sam fumed.
Cas rolled his eyes. “They’re our friends, Dean.”
“Okay,” Sam said, stretching the word out. “And you know this how, exactly? Did you and Bobby have a discussion about it?”
Cas tugged his blade out and kicked off of Lucifer again, this time making it to the edge of the hole. He grabbed it and pulled himself through, falling out onto the other side. He managed to get his wings working before he landed on the still burning forest, and then his only thought was to find Dean.
“I’m trying to protect him,” John stated with the promise of a threat.
Dean lowered his hands and blinked the spots out of his eyes. “It’s all good,” he said. “I take it you’re excited about the s’mores?”
“Don’t leave!”
Dean covered his face with his hands, trying to suppress his laughter.
“Morning, sunshine,” Dean said brightly, planting a kiss atop his mop of hair.
“How’d you keep this a secret?”
John Winchester was sitting in his favorite chair, a gun in his hand. He was staring at a picture on the side table but looked up at the commotion.
“What the
Dean furrowed his brow and turned to Sam. “What happened?”
He collapsed against the front door as soon as he had it closed and took in huge, deep breaths like he was starved for oxygen. He didn’t know how long he sat like that, gasping for air, but it couldn’t have been too long since he heard footsteps and a graveled voice calling for him.
Cas grunted in annoyance and grabbed Dean by the red flannel over shirt. “Because, Dean, every time he visits he drags me all over town to try and ‘get me laid,’” he let go of Dean to make air quotes, “and I just couldn’t take it again so I may have lied and said—“
“A week?” Jo shouted.
"Mom'll kill you if you get the living room wet," Dean told him. "Now give us another like ten minutes, Jo and Charlie aren't here yet."
“So let me get this straight,” Dean said. “You’re not asking us to make it official by gettin’ it on in front of the whole school while I call you Mr. President? I officially don’t know what you’re talking about then.”
“I’m having a very good time,” Cas said.
“It’s a very big deal, Dean,” Cas told him, his voice taking on an angelic strength that Cas had no right to anymore. “I would like to know why you automatically assumed that I was leaving.”
“I guess you’re right,” Sam finally admitted.
“Well, I guess that rules out fooling around,” Cas said with a slight frown.
“To prank you.” Sam widened his eyes as much as they would go and as subtly as he could he tried to get Dean to read his mind about this line of questioning. He nodded his head in Cas’s direction and then at Dean and then shook his head.
“I find it rather peculiar that people I don’t know have been betting on me,” Cas said.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean bit his lip as he looked him up and down. He looked exactly the same as he had at lunch, but it was different, somehow. Better.
He stumbled through brambles and branches on his way towards where he had seen the thing crash, the beam of his flashlight dancing a haphazard path across the trees, spinning over fallen leaves. The further he went the brighter it got, too, until his flashlight became completely unnecessary. The light diffusing through the trees was a soft white and it almost glimmered. Probably not a good sign.
One teary phone call later (it was mainly Sam, Dean had just gotten some dust in his eye from all those dusty old books in Bobby’s office) he was walking back to his room when he noticed the light was on. Dean was pretty sure he had turned that off when he left, and Bobby told him that teachers usually didn’t come down this way.
Dean sighed. “Babe, I know dragons are big on killing people they don’t like, but you saddled yourself to a human. And I really don’t want killing my own dad on my conscience.”
“Seriously?” Dean said with raised brows. “Dinner. Is. Ready.” He slowed each word down to really make his point.
“That it’s the monster,” Cas said, his graveled tone making his declaration sound even more serious. “It has to be.”
Dean pushed through the swinging doors that led to the front of the bakery. “Cas!” He hurried over to the stereo and turned the volume down before walking over to Cas and wrapping him up in his flour covered arms and planting a kiss right on his lips.
Cas frowned and looked from Dean over to Sam. “You don’t like Dean’s sweater? But I thought it would be festive because it lights up. Again, the tree is from the original pagan holiday, but—“
He managed to push himself into a seated position, his stomach sloshing and head spinning. Jess had left him aspirin and a glass of water on the nightstand. Flashes of the previous night returned to him but there were definitely some gaps. He hoped he hadn’t been more of an ass than he could remember. He’d definitely have to pick up some flowers and maybe try and make dinner tonight. If Dean would answer any of his calls then he could get some pointers on the finer culinary art, but that’s what got him into this whole mess in the first place. He may have imbibed copious amounts of alcohol after the fourth straight day of Dean not returning any of his phone calls and dodging every one of Sam’s attempts to talk.
“Charlie’s right,” Cas said. “Besides, I don’t think it would reveal itself to that many people. We weren’t exactly being quiet when we searched. We’re just going to have to go back when it’s calmer. Tonight.”
“Dean, please,” Cas tried again.
Sam furrowed his brow in concern. “I mean, I think he knows where I’m going to law school, but I had sort of assumed that you were still living the nomadic lifestyle so I just told him that you were still alive. Which, you know, was what we were worried about these past five years.”
Dean nodded. “Friday,” he agreed, slowly backing away and towards his next class. He ran into a chair and nearly tripped, barely managing to not fall flat on his ass. “Right, uh—right,” he said, pushing the chair away but not taking his eyes off of Cas. “I’ll pick you up at seven?”
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Charlie said excitedly, closing her own laptop and scooting over on the couch they were sharing in order to better annoy him.
“So,” Charlie said, spinning around on her chair at the reception desk of Dean’s car restoration business.
Cas looked out his window. “To be fair, I think he has a right to know at least part of the story.”
“She can wait.”
,” persisted Cas.
“Well, we can’t all be the queen.”
Sam looked down, his cheeks pink, and not just from the sunburn that was surely forming.
“Did you ask Sam to stay and help you with research?” Dean panted.
The other three shrugged and looked helplessly down at the books they were reading.
“Sam’s missing.”
“Come on, man!” Dean said, holding his hands out to the side, as if Sam just hadn’t gotten a good enough view to fall in love with it. “It’s awesome!”
“This is all your fault,” Cas told him.
Dean snorted. “It’s his gift,” Dean said, not bothering to lower his voice. The engine roared to life as he turned the key in the ignition. Cas merely snuffled and curled himself tighter.
Dean bit his lip to keep from smiling. At least he accomplished his mission to cheer Sam up. Now he felt like he could go and hide from his family in peace.
That stopped Dean short. “Is he, uh, serious about that?”
John closed the door behind himself and walked in. “You said you found out where Dean is?” he asked, ignoring Sam’s comment.
Dean opened and closed his mouth several times, before coming out with, “Fine. But I’m going with you.”
Bobby dismissed him with a wave of his hand, so Cas quickly caught up with Dean.
“Yes please,” Charlie said. “You guys were always
“I—I’m sorry!” he gasped. “But you—you checked your—“ His sentence was lost to another bout of laughter.
“Aw, come on, Cas. It’s romantic. Like Disney romantic.” He bumped Cas’ hip with his own. “I know you want to.”
Dean shot him a sympathetic grimace. “Sucks, dude. I’d say that you could have called me, but the Honda’s still acting funny. Me and Sammy had to ask for a ride from our dad.”
“Shit, no wonder I’m getting pudgy if all we do all day is watch television.” Dean poked his stomach morosely.
Then Cas’ hand was at his back, and pulling until their chests were flush together and Dean gasped from how good it felt to be pressed up against his best friend, even in this stifling heat he wouldn’t trade it for anything.
“Well, some of it was unintelligible,” he replied. “She speaks quickly and in references.”
“Good,” she said. “I’ve spoken to Principle Mills and she has agreed to let you settle in a little early.”
“I know, I’m being an idiot,” Dean said. “Sometimes it’s hard for me to shut it off.”
“I know my adversary,” Cas replied with a shrug.
“But,” Sam tried to say, but at the utter venom in the glare Cas shot him, he stopped dead.
“S’alright,” Dean replied.
“I didn’t bring a jacket today, Dean. I only have this sweater!”
“He loves Star Wars,” Cas explained. “And Han Solo is his favorite.”
“Yeah, but they’re seriously cutting into our making out time.”
Cas stumbled a bit but managed to regain his composure fairly quickly. “Sorry I’m late,” he said, sure that the eyes that were now turned on him could see through the thick letterman jacket covering his frame and straight to the giant purple hickey raised on his neck. “I was just—“
They did end up having to eat, however. Cas could hardly go between meals without a snack. They were true to their word and didn’t end up ordering takeout, but they did decide that Charlie would never know just how much spaghetti they were able to salvage. So two a.m. found them in their underwear in the kitchen eating spaghetti from a shared bowl and making truly awful Lady and the Tramp jokes. Well, Dean was making the jokes, Cas just tried to keep from smiling and encouraging him.
“He needs a minute,” Cas said. “You banging on the door and yelling at him is not helping. If he wants to see you, he will come out to do so. Now please go and wait in the living room while I speak to him.”
Dean’s head snapped up. “I what? Oh shit!” He pushed Cas out of the way and began trying to put the fire out with his wand. “Stop laughing and help me!” he shouted at Cas, who was now doubled over and wheezing.
Dean sat next to his mom as the police questioned them. He wasn’t paying attention, couldn’t. His mind kept switching from racing thoughts to a complete blank as he tried to figure out what to do. He and his friends had only managed to anoint one of Jo’s knives in the holy water at St. Christopher’s before a nun had seen them and they had been escorted out of the church. It would have to be enough. They had to move quickly. They had to get Sam back.
The sun beat down on them, sweat sticking their shirts to their backs. There wasn’t even a breeze to bring relief. The only hope they had was to make it to the park quickly and find some of the shade that was lacking on all streets leading to it.
“Do you have any idea what time it is?” a grumpy Gabe growled into the phone.
“Alright, alright,” Dean said, stretching an arm around Cas’ shoulders. “I think our significant others are getting bored.”
Cas sighed and stood up, looking around at the detritus of clothing they had left lying around the previous night before picking them up and throwing them into his and Dean’s duffel. “It is not my place to tell you. I have to respect Dean’s wishes.” He shouldered the bag and walked up to Bobby. “It was a very great pleasure to finally meet you in person,” he told him, holding out his hand.
"Oh yeah, great comeback, Sammy."
Even softer, Sam said, “No.” He sighed and ran a hand through his overly long hair (according to Dean, anyway). “I think that dad got tunnel vision a lot and if it had fangs then he killed it regardless of whether it was dangerous or not.”
A mischievous glint appeared in Charlie’s eye. “Ask him out myself, you say?”
“Nope,” he said. “It’s not going to happen. He doesn’t even know I exist.”
“Yeah, well I figured if I was going to try and ask, it was going to take me a pretty long time to work my way up to it.”
“Aw, Cas,” Dean cooed with a grin. “Are you sad that I wasn’t a virgin when we met?”
Cas handed Dean a mug of coffee and said, “This is the sixth day we’ve been together. I promised Dean that I wouldn’t let him forget about it.” He took a sip from his own cup and looked over at Sam.
Cas paused. “Oh. Is it for me?”
“You guys are such assholes,” Sam grumbled, crossing his arms tightly over his chest to make his way across the busy parking lot.
Jo nodded in solemn agreement. “Seriously, right?”
Cas’ face broke out into a huge, gummy smile. Dean couldn’t stop himself from responding in kind, not that he’d want to.
“Alright, son?” Bobby’s large, warm hand landed on his shoulder. Well, actually Dean would have to get used to calling him Professor Singer now.
But that wasn’t quite right, was it? Hadn’t they fought about Dean waking up to an already formed bond? Could it be messing with Dean’s head? Could Dean’s happiness really all be a lie?
“Nah,” Dean said easily. “Whatever you’ve got me on is amazing. Just like you.”
“Only if I can ask you one first,” Dean replied. “Like, what did you try and put in my drink?”
Cas couldn’t hear the response on the other end, but he assumed it was something to his mother’s liking because she thanked the principal once more before finally ending the call. His mother’s heels made thunks on the hardwood floor, so Cas knew he only had moments before he was discovered. He quickly dashed across the hall, sliding the last few feet on his socks, before flinging himself into his room and onto his bed. He grabbed a book and opened it to a random page as his mother walked into view in his doorway and knocked on the door jamb.
Dean bent, jumped, his foot touched back down—and then slipped out from under him, the sock/hardwood floor making for a bad combo. He landed on his ass and managed to hit his bad knee against the couch as he went.
Mary shook her head. “Let him cool off for a little while. He’s been through a lot today.”
Dean looked down at his bright red sweater with an almost neon green Christmas tree covered in what looked like small beads in place of the lights, and then back up at Sam. “What’s wrong with what I’m wearing?” he asked.
“Yes,” Cas said. “We like it that way. Keeps hunters from pestering us.”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and let out the breath he’d been unconsciously holding. His stomach gave a loud rumble and he figured he should probably go and eat. He could come back and read the journal later… Maybe just one more.
“My name is Castiel,” the guy replied.
In retrospect, Cas knew it had been a horrible idea to lie to Balthazar about Dean being his boyfriend. He should have chosen Sam, or Garth. Hell, Bobby would have been better than this.
“That’s not—“ Cas cut himself off and took a deep breath. “I’ve told you countless times that I’d rather be here, with you. You have to know that I never wanted to leave you, Dean.”
Cas shifted into a more comfortable position in the passenger’s seat and said, “He’s probably trying to pry information out of Bobby.”
Dean just couldn’t stop smiling. Bobby approved of Cas, Sam was back in his life, he didn’t have to worry about hunting interfering with his normal life. He had it all. And the past five years with Cas had really helped him come a long way in not always waiting for the other shoe to drop. Things were going good—great, even—definitely better than he had ever dreamed that they would, and maybe that was okay. Maybe things could stay like this. Maybe some people really do get their happy endings.
Dean shrugged even though Bobby couldn’t see it. “I mean, yeah, sometimes it would be hard, you know, but… I dunno, I guess when you can literally feel how much someone else loves you, how much they want you around, how happy they are
“Cas,” Dean said. “
“I suspect it would be like World War III,” Cas agreed. “Possibly an apocalypse.”
Dean blinked a couple of times until his vision cleared and realized that what he had mistaken for the sky was actually a pair of scrubs being worn by a man very much befitting of the aforementioned sexy voice. Dark, just-rolled-out-of-bed hair, perfectly sculpted (if a little chapped) lips, and the eyes—oh god, if the scrubs had been the sky, his eyes were the universe, swirling shades of blue forming galaxies within the bright orbs.
A huge smile on his face, Sam nodded and pressed a hand to his mouth to keep the laughter from escaping.
Dean and Cas were meant for each other. They had known it immediately upon first laying eyes on the other, though Cas was the only one that admitted it in the beginning.
Dean snorted. “Is that like a universal thing? Why is Hogwarts the first to come to everyone’s mind?”
“Oh, are they not open?” Dean asked in a much higher voice than usual. He cracked one eye open and let out a whimper.
Dean finally took a sip of his coffee, relishing the bitter taste in the early morning sun. “I know that,” he said softly. Then he shrugged. “I guess I don’t mind the little hunts so much, you know?” A lascivious grin spread across his face. “Besides, I really just use them as an excuse to have crazy hotel sex that I don’t have to clean up after.”
“It’s barely anything,” Cas said, taking his hand back from where Dean was examining it closely. “I hardly touched the tray.”
He looked up from his book with an expression that he hoped conveyed emotionless curiosity instead of the dread he felt in the pit of his stomach. “Yes?”
“Don’t you dare even try to take your wallet out.”
“He should,” Dean retorted. “It’s my fucking life. It’s my fucking past. I don’t owe anyone shit. If he wanted to know then he could have opened his fucking eyes when we were kids.”
Dean pushed him. “You’re an ass.”
Sam stood just inside the back doorway, sure that Dean and Cas didn’t realize their voices were carrying through the open windows of the impala. It’s not like what he just heard was out of the blue. It was just a confirmation of his suspicions, after all. But it still hit him like a speeding semi. Especially since he never thought it had started so early. How had Sam not noticed? How could he have just accepted all of Dean’s lame excuses for where he got all of those bruises?
“Shut up, Samantha,” Dean said, taking a swipe at him.
“Your letterman jacket?”
But Sam didn’t respond.
But then from behind Cas he saw a streak of red as Charlie shot forward. Dean would wonder what the hell she was doing here and be pissed that she had put herself in this much danger later, but at the moment he could practically hear a choir of angels singing in the distance as she skid to a halt and began scraping at the sigils on the ground with a small knife.
Dean leaned over and kissed him, tasting the leftover saltiness from the bacon. “Pretty sure the feeling’s mutual.”
“You’ve gotten so boring.”
bad. He’d apologize to Hannah later, though.
Sam turned around in time to see Dean’s face begin to fall.
“Yes,” he replied, glib.
Cas smiled. “That was our souls bonding. It was instinct, just like me trusting a hunter.”
“It’s morning,” he grumbled.
Cas shook his head, albeit fondly. “Dean, I would like to go with you to the dance,” he tried again. “Would you like to go with me?”
He poked his head into the kitchen, but Sam wasn’t there. With a furrowed brow, Dean went towards the living room, stopping when he saw Sam at the door, trying to turn the knob.
Dean stared at him, his mouth hanging open. “Inconvenienced me,” Dean laughed to himself, a bitter thing. “You hear that, Cas?” he called loudly. “It was just an
“It was fine,” Sam said. “I mean, I hadn’t seen Bobby in forever, so it was nice.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Sam asked. “Why would you take the blame?”
“You heard Bobby,” Dean proclaimed. “Now get your ass in gear. Cas is going to be hungry soon and I want to put some miles behind us before that happens.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
Cas bit his lip to try and hide the smile blossoming across his face. “Same here.”
“We could probably open one up with everything we bought.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, shoulders sagging with relief.
Sam rolled his eyes. “You wanted me to drop it, so guess what? I’m dropping it.”
“Sammy,” he managed to gasp out. “Sammy, please.”
“Please,” she said, offended. “I’m just trying to say that seeing him tonight and how he reacted to everything, maybe you don’t know the whole story.”
“Why not?” she whined. “You two are totally the will-they-won’t-they couple of the school! And I have my money on will!”
Dean held him back with a hand on his bicep. “I’ll go first,” he said. “He shoots you and you don’t die he’s going to have even more questions. He’s not even expecting you to be here.”
Dean flicked the edge of the wing that was wrapped around him. “Not funny, Cas.”
“Babe, can you get that?” Dean called, placing the pie on the counter to cool and taking off his oven mitts.
Cas smiled and took Dean by the hand this time. “Brace yourself,” he warned and then shot up through the trees, dragging Dean along behind him. He parted the leaves above them so they wouldn’t get caught in any branches, and then the two of them were bursting out into the beautiful blue of the sky.
Cas shook his head in exasperation, but otherwise leaned into the embrace.
“Your long lost brother who dropped off the map five years ago
"Au contraire, mon frère," Gabe objected. "You're practically wearing a hole in the carpet over there."
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean and wrenched his arm away, taking a few steps away before turning back. “Do you truly think I would do something to harm your brother?”
Dean dropped their duffel at the foot of the bed and then crawled over Cas to straddle his waist. He draped his arms around Cas’ shoulders and brought their faces close together. “I’m sure we can figure something out,” he breathed onto Cas’ lips.
He nodded and indicated the two large suitcases sitting next to his closet.
“Aw, Sammy, you prude.”
Dean threw his head back and laughed.
real!” Sam demanded, angry to be talked about as if he wasn’t even there. “We all saw it! Me, Jake, Andy, and Ava! It’s
“Actually,” a disgruntled voice said from behind the two of them. They both turned to see a frowning blonde girl crossing her arms behind them. “We were betting on when you two were going to get together. You assholes couldn’t wait two more weeks?”
“That’s the spirit.”
Cas uprooted an entire tree in his crash. He looked up as he struggled to push himself back up and saw his adversary flying straight towards him. He manifested his sword, his earlier one lost somewhere along the way. He managed to bring it up just in time to block the talons swiping at his face. Grunting with the force of the blow, he used all the strength he had and shoved the adversary away. He had taken on the twisted form of a griffin it seemed, and its beaked mouth snapped and hissed.
“Every second,” Cas replied.
“Because,” Charlie continued. “He totally likes you.”
Suddenly, Cas’ eyes started fluttering open and Dean scooted his chair so close he might as well be sitting on the hospital bed with Cas.
“You said it yourself, we’re late for dinner with Charlie.”
“You’ve got youth on your side,” Dean replied dramatically, wiping the perspiration from his brow with an extra flourish.
Dean turned to face Cas with a furrowed brow, opening his mouth to say something.
Cas shoved him in the shoulder again. If his hand lingered for a second or two longer than necessary, neither of them mentioned it.
Cas hummed an agreement over the lip of his coffee cup as he took a sip. “That sounds wonderful, thank you, Dean.”
Cas hid his face behind his hands and sunk down into the couch.
“Well, you are a nerd for it,” Jo said. “I got the knowledge through osmosis. It’s what happens when your Bondmate rereads the series once a year. And has been your roommate since the beginning of school. And talks about it incessantly - “
Cas’ grin turned into a full blown smile and he followed Dean’s path and shot up into the sky. The vines wouldn’t hold them forever, but Cas didn’t need them to. He just needed them to last until he was clear of the forest, and after a few seconds, he was.
Dean let out a small laugh. At least losing his memory didn’t mean he was losing his winning personality.
“Okay,” Charlie said with a roll of her eyes. “Only that they all have been before.”
Dean took a deep breath, held it for a moment, and let it out in a rush. “Stall,” he said. “I just need a minute. Maybe like ten. I mean, if Charlie and Gilda are still here you can let them off the hook if they want to go. Although, I know Charlie is a little drama voyeur so she’s probably out there making popcorn.”
“Sleep is for the weak,” Gabe replied, grabbing a chocolate muffin and tearing into it.
He saw movement below him. A snake slithered out from underneath some fallen leaves. Cas reacted almost without thought, manifesting his blade and diving straight down. He managed to pierce the tail before it slithered away, pinning it as his blade sunk into the packed dirt beneath it. But the head of the snake had already started changing and the next thing Cas knew a bear paw hit him in the face, sending him flying into a tree. He bounced off of it and landed face first in the dirt. He sprang up, swiping his blade as he went but his adversary was gone.
Maybe Cas was already packing his bags, too disgusted to stay another night in the bunker with a man who used to be a demon. A man who would probably go to hell and become one again.
Dean nodded slowly. “Right,” he said, dragging the word out. “And you need my help because…”
Cas’ face paled as he turned to face his cousin. He resumed his desperate grip on Dean’s shirtsleeve.
“Not the best,” Dean said. “My night was pretty crappy, too.”
Dean froze, and as if Cas sensed his presence, his eyes swung over and landed right on him like two huge spotlights.
Dean nodded and repressed the sudden urge to gulp. “Yeah.”
“How did you get that?” Cas demanded, unable to keep the fear from turning it into a hiss.
Dean squeezed Cas’ sides where his hands rested. “Man, when you told me it was a fake date it felt like a sucker punch.”
“I’ll go one further, and buy your snack as a thank you.”
“A nerdy letter opener?” Dean asked as he saw the silver plated, miniaturized replica of Sting from The Hobbit. “Really, Charlie?”
Cas stood up from the bed and it was like a knife to Dean’s heart. Dean had thought that maybe Cas had reciprocated, that maybe he could have dreamed up the same almost perfect world, but if he was leaving then obviously he’d been wrong. He let more tears spill from his eyes, punishment for his stupidity, and he looked back down to his knees. He couldn’t stand to see Cas walk away from him.
“Heya, Cas,” he said, cursing himself for forgetting that Cas was the fastest kid in their grade.
was a little melodramatic, it was really just his dad and Sammy that he hadn’t seen in five years. But
He wondered how Cas was reacting. Maybe he would pretend like it never happened, let Dean retain some dignity. They could stay friends like that. Nothing would have to change like that.
“I told you he wasn’t dead, idjit,” Bobby replied, taking a drink from his beer. “And I didn’t say anything about what you’d been through. I know you went through a lot. John is a piece of work.”
Charlie rolled her eyes. “You big wimp,” she said. “You’re going to be fine. You’ve got the adorably punny, handmade card, the handmade,
They left as soon as Dean was finished, Dean still fussing over Cas in the backseat. They saw fire engines, lights and sounds blaring, heading in the opposite direction once they got on the highway and figured someone must have seen the blaze and called it in. They would later find out from Bobby that their father had been taken into custody for questioning about the blaze, and eventually to prison when they discovered half a dozen warrants for his arrest. It wasn’t a perfect solution to their problem, but it was a nice little band-aid until they came up with something better.
Dean let himself sink back into the couch with a loud groan. “Did you not hear me call moment over?” he demanded, but Sam just laughed and got up to give Cas a hand in the kitchen.
“Wait,” Sam said. “Is this like a conversation you two have had before?”
“Dean,” Cas called, closing the door behind himself and walking over to where Dean was seated on the couch. “I need your help.”
“What?” Sam asked.
Sam narrowed his eyes at them, but ultimately decided not to mention it. Instead, he just turned the volume up, hoping to drown out the awkward silence.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Alright, I tried. I’m out. Coming, Cas?”
“I’m a star,” Castiel said with a straight face.
Dean had to shield his eyes at Cas’ blush.
Cas turned a deep shade of red. “Please just drive,” he grit out, shrinking down in his seat and covering his face with the hand not being squeezed by Dean’s.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. You’re a perfect little angel.”
“Why shouldn’t I be?” Dean asked defensively.
It raised its foot off of Dean’s back only to stomp back down, hard. Dean let out a cry and felt at least one rib snap.
Rolling his eyes, Cas turned and went to his room.
Cas rolled his eyes and looked at the clock. “I have to go,” he said. “I’ll probably be back late.”
Dean shoved him playfully. “I never should have told you about that.”
“A hottie, huh?” Dean said, nudging Cas’ hip with his own.
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Dean said. “Did you not see where I was trying to talk to him and then he
“Dean’s going to be fine, Cas,” Charlie tried to soothe him. “And I don’t really think he’d appreciate being rescued to be told that you two had to move.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m going to make it embarrassing,” he told him.
“Dean?” Cas asked softly, approaching him like he would a cornered animal.
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Dean asked.
“Hell yes we are!” Dean exclaimed, then blushed even harder when he realized his outburst had brought the attention of everyone else. He awkwardly cleared his throat. “Uh, yeah, Meg, we are. So you can leave now, thanks.”
“He wasn’t kidding,” Cas said.
“Okay,” Jess said, taking a seat next to Sam. “Your brother was at the store. Why would he leave like that? You’d think after five years he’d have time to get over you going to
“I already told you it was nothing,” Cas said, but Dean just gave him a disbelieving look, so he shook his head and sighed. “I could hear someone and I was trying to get a better look at them.”
Dean snickered. “You are getting pretty far up in years, there, aren’t you Bobby? Maybe you should start thinking of retiring yourself.”
Dean reached up and grabbed Cas’ hand, holding it where it was. His stomach squirmed in anticipation and the tiniest hint of dread.
He crashed through what felt like a ceiling, sending chunks of blue tile scattering to the blazing forest fire down below. On the other side of that ceiling, they were weightless.
Gasping for breath, Sam rubbed at his neck. “Yeah, no worries,” he managed.
“Thank you,” he said.
Sam dodged and took off at a run, Dean chasing after him, all thoughts of the unbearable heat left behind.
tell your mom even if she doesn’t notice on her own and the dinner tonight is going to be a complete disaster. And that’s not even counting the fact that Sam will probably team up with Gabriel again to mock us for it. I did not appreciate those extra lyrics they came up with for that stupid kissing song.”
Charlie grimaced as she stepped aside to let her in the house. “Sorry,” she offered lamely. “We sort of forgot.”
“I didn’t even think those existed,” Sam said. “I thought that was just like fairy tale stuff.”
“It’s not happening, Sam,” Dean told him curtly.
Dean hugged the book to his chest. “What? Is it illegal to study now?”
That left Dean with just Sam and the monster.
The grin returned to Dean’s face. “Is that a yes?”
Balthazar took the proffered hand and gave it a firm shake. “Pleasure,” he said, eyeing him up and down. “Cassie wasn’t lying when he said he bagged a hottie.”
Dean laughed and they said their goodbyes, Bobby promising to call him back when he was satisfied that Cas was safe.
“Gabe,” Dean’s voice broke on the single syllable. “Please, I just, I need to talk to Cas.”
“Yeah, well, he
Cas frowned. “You were threatening your father with the same thing earlier.”
Cas just pulled his face over so he could kiss him. “You were looking a little desperate.”
“Come on, Sammy,” Dean said. “Let’s go play Risk before Charlie decides to make us play monopoly again.”
Dean opened his mouth to give a retort but nothing came out. He sighed. “I was so freakin’ happy when you said we had a date.” He laughed. “Oh my god, you know what this means?”
“So,” Dean started, drawing the word out a little in the hopes that the rest of the sentence would appear.
Dean snorted and this time the squeeze to Dean’s knee was in warning instead of support.
the situation.
Dean grinned and tried closing the distance but Cas pulled back slightly.
“These are very, very good,” Cas said as he grabbed more.
“But that’s the thing!” Dean said. “I can’t remember living the same day over and over, but you’re stuck with me and you remember everything. Doesn’t it get boring?”
Cas nodded. “I just need a minute. That was a lot in a very short amount of time.”
“Yes, tonight, Castiel,” his mother replied, her usual brusque manner back in place. “My flight is at six a.m. tomorrow.”
Cas smirked. “No trouble at all. My seat has a pretty good view.”
“What the hell happened to your sweaters?” Sam demanded.
“Hey, we got close last time,” Charlie piped up.
!” Dean complained again. “I thought you said we were trying to get Cas to stick around!”
Dean cleared his throat. “I’m just going to go and finish the display.”
Dean knocked on Sam’s door. “Yo, Sammy, can I come in?” He knocked again when there was no answer and nudged the door open a sliver. “Sam?”
“But…” Cas sighed.
“Finally!” a bouncing Charlie shouted from right behind them. “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have to find Jo before class starts. She owes me ten bucks.” And with that she ran off, red hair trailing behind her like flaming tread marks.
Dean glared at his little brother. “Shut up, bitch. We’re not being weird. You’re weird.” But he handed over the remote without a fight.
Cas nodded. “He’s gone missing.”
So by the time Sunday rolled around he was both desperate for and absolutely dreading the hour of Balthazar’s departure back to England.
For a long time there was silence. The hand on his face came as a shock, the gentleness with which he could feel a thumb stroke along the edge of his stubble.
“Sam’s cool with it?”
Sam sighed. “Dean, I can’t let you—“
It felt like a blow to Dean’s gut. “Right. Because this time you’re just leaving to get away from me. I’m probably the biggest mistake of all, huh? Bet you wish you’d never pulled me out of he—mmph!”
“I’ll be sure to take the complaint to the monster,” Cas told her.
Sam nodded. “Yeah. I promised I’d go, since it’s sort of my fault that dad is here in the first place.”
“It would have been nice to know you were alive, though,” Sam said.
“Uh, guys?” Sam cut in. “What are you talking about?”
“Friday?” Cas asked, standing up from his seat as Dean did the same.
“But if he does,” Dean said, pulling away to look Cas in the eye.
“Well,” Gilda said, stepping forward to stand next to Charlie. “I met this really sweet girl at work. Her and her boyfriend just moved here so I promised I’d show them around and stuff. I thought it might be nice to introduce them to some other people, too, you know?”
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean said. “I’m happy.”
The voice stopped Dean cold where he was checking out the chip selection, trying to decide between Cool Ranch or Nacho Cheese Doritos. He dropped both bags into his cart and straightened his back.
He slowly rounded his desk and sunk into his chair, fidgeting until he was completely comfortable. He stared down at the piece of paper with Sam’s number written on it and turned it around a couple of times. Finally, he sighed, mumbled, “This is stupid,” under his breath and picked up his phone.
He skidded to a halt in front of Bobby’s office. “Dean!” he said urgently.
the most edible.”
“You know what I mean,” Charlie said, but Dean continued talking over her.
“Okay,” Dean said. “But just so we’re clear, I’m not hallucinating?”
Sam fumbled trying to grab the door handle, sure he had misheard his brother, the commitment-phobe.
“Are you an angel?” Dean asked in a slur.
“Guys!” Jo shouted.
“Are you asleep?”
“What—what are you—where am—“ Sam looked around. “Why are we at the door?”
“Guys, it was just some dumb high schoolers,” he said turning around to tell the others. But none of them were listening. They were all too busy staring at a darkened patch of the woods where Sam could see two floating yellow orbs hanging above the forest floor. They came closer and closer until Sam could just make out the shape of the body beneath them, tall and twisted and gangling like a rotting birch tree.
“Say something, Sammy,” Dean said. “I mean, Jesus, if you’re going to try and kill us at least give us a heads up.”
“You did the same for me, yet somehow I turned out with manners.” Cas cocked his head to the side in thought.
“Well, no, but Dean, he can’t prove anything,” Sam told him. “And if Cas really is invincible then I don’t know what you guys have to worry about.”
But then there was a high pitched susurrus of laughter.
Dean, who had been gazing in the general direction of the black haired, trench coated teen in question, jumped and turned to face his friend. “Shut up, Charlie,” he said with a scowl and a blush. “I’m not staring.”
"Okay. First off," Gabe said, holding a finger up, "that doesn't answer the question of why you were pacing like a madman in front of the door. And second," another finger went up, "I have no idea why you're worried. Dean'll say yes. You two have been dating forever."
“’Course,” Bobby replied. “Good of you to come and visit in the first place.”
“And what? Cas can’t see you from over there?”
Dean laughed. “Okay, but when you’re looking I’d stay out of Gabe’s room. He doesn’t seem like a very vanilla-in-bed kinda guy and I don’t want you to get scarred for life.”
Cas wasn’t ashamed to admit he burst into tears right then and there.
“Sorry,” he heard. The voice was deep and a little bit rumbling. “I—umm…”
“What a gentleman.” Cas smiled as he sat down.
Cas snorted. “And whose fault is that, I wonder?”
“No,” Cas dragged the word out in suspicion. “You’re acting oddly.”
The structure beneath him began to shift and he knew he had been found. He beat his massive wings behind himself once, twice, and then took to the air, searching the ground as best as he could from his new vantage point. The height did allow him to scour more area, but oftentimes his adversary liked to take the shape of small creatures to evade Cas’ watchful eye. He tended to favor the snake.
“So?” Dean said. “I’m allowed to be sappy about this.”
Jake pointed at Andy. “What he said.”
“I’m going crazy,” Cas said, his voice even deeper from lack of sleep.
He picked up his pen, and under the pretense of writing notes on the lecture, wrote in the margins in his neat script,
“Dean,” Cas responded, his voice lower and more gravely than normal. And boy did Dean have mixed feelings about that. “Did you not hear me calling to you?”
. It had almost been a full week now and the word still sent a little thrill through his body.
Ava rolled her eyes. “You’re my buddy, dummy. I have to stay with you otherwise I’ll get in trouble for losing you.”
His adversary came up close to his face, flames still licking at his greyish skin.
But Cas understood quite well. “You made me chocolate bees.”
Dean burst into raucous laughter, drawing quite a few heads and giggles their way.
“C-cute?” Dean stuttered, daring to look back up into those blue depths, so much brighter in real life. Cas had a bit of a blush staining his cheeks pink as well.
“That’s—isn’t that Ava Wilson?” Cas asked.
“What happened at Charlie’s?”
“Are you two being gag worthy again? Because I told you, hearing you two spout off your sappy crap more than once a week is just too much for me to stomach.” He walked into the living room and Cas immediately slapped a hand over the mark on his neck.
“What?” Cas snapped.
But then she stopped, Sam crashing into her from his momentum.
The voice was horrible, it sounded like sludge and acid and rot, seeping in through their ears and coating their bones.
Cas quickened his pace to match Dean’s. “That sounds fun. Maybe I’ll just go with you, then.”
too dangerous,” Cas said, eyes flashing. “You didn’t know what I was until I told you, so Sam will certainly not pick up on it. He doesn’t even know who I am. He wouldn’t have any reason to look into what I am because I’m not a danger to this town. Besides, according to you, your brother isn’t even a hunter anymore. He’d be far too rusty to make an ID on something like me. So please, if there’s any half-assed excuse you’ve been trying to use that I haven’t covered, let me hear it.”
“Jo, shut up,” Dean told her, glancing back over his shoulder to see that only about half of the class had gone back to their own drama, the other half halfheartedly pretending they weren’t listening in.
me that he wouldn’t fucking call my dad and tell him about me. Look how well that turned out for us.”
“I didn’t lose it,” Dean said. “I just keep forgetting it.”
“Gee, thanks, Cas,” Dean said. “Just throw me under the bus.”
“Bitch,” Dean said.
Cas snorted and made his way back to the car. “He can try,” he replied. “But there are only two things in this world that can kill me. One he’ll never find, the other he wouldn’t dare try.”
Cas tried to cover his small laugh with a cough.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m the one with the super sensitive hearing. There’s no one out here but us. Besides, I was just talking about soul bonding and you were perfectly fine with that.”
“So you guys are like
“Alright,” Sam replied. “Okay. I’m sorry. I want this to work, too. There were… there were definitely times I wish I could have picked up the phone and called you, man.”
At the door, Cas dropped his keys and bent to pick them up.
“Yes,” Cas replied. “And when Dean’s soul moves on it will bring mine along with it.”
“You can make more than one at once,” Dean told him.
“A wishing star, actually,” Castiel replied miserably. “I was just promoted.”
Sam snorted and got into the front seat. Dean followed suit on the driver’s side. They both turned around to look at Cas and saw that he had already fallen asleep, curled up like a cat on the backseat.
“What makes you think that?” Cas asked, head cocked to the side.
He bit his lip as he wrote his response.
There were fingers at his jaw, tilting his head up to look into green eyes filled with concern. “I asked if you were okay.”
Dean shook his head. “Look, I just can’t be around you anymore, okay? It’s too hard. I shouldn’t have pushed it so far, I shouldn’t have even agreed—“
“Hi, Cas.” Dean grinned back and gave him another peck on the lips. “Grab the scones out of the oven for me while I set up the display case?”
“Perhaps it is selfish of me, but I like having them,” he admitted, breaking eye contact for the first time. “You have all of mine,” he added softly.
Once Dean was sure that Gabriel had gone to his room, he pulled Cas’ hands from his face. “You can come out now,” he said.
Cas could feel embarrassment coming off of Dean in waves, so he turned and said, “We’ll be right back,” in lieu of answering.
He turned his face up and saw an explosion of stars above him. He let his eyes wander until they landed on one glimmering directly above him, almost like it was winking at him.
“My love,” Cas said, giving Dean’s hands a squeeze. “I’m not going to let you lose your brother again.”
“Yeah, see? Just all that sugar running around in your veins, man. Let’s go back to sleep and we’ll tell mom in the morning, huh?”
“No problem,” Cas said. “But maybe you should start looking where you’re going.”
Dean grinned. “Well you’re other pet name is a little too crude to use in front of company.”
“Well, like I said, it’s Cas that’s good with the details.” He stood up abruptly and stretched. “And you know, it’s getting pretty late, mom, best be off to bed.” He faked a yawn.
“Go to sleep,” Cas murmured. “We have a big day tomorrow.”
“What’s it like being a star then? What do you do all day aside from trying to blind the poor people who cross your path?”
“As a date,” Cas added. “I want to go with you as a date. A real one.”
“What? Why?” Dean asked.
“I mean,” she said, turning back to the stove and continuing to stir the sauce. “I like to drink as much as the next person, but you went way overboard last night. You called your
“Well, he’s still pissed at me,” Sam said. “Which, you know, understandable. He’s pissed at the whole situation, really. He wants to just leave and not deal with it—speaking of which, did you know that they’re like
“Please, Winchester, you love us.” Jo flipped some hair off her shoulder with a self-satisfied huff.
“Of course. We’ll make it so easy.”
“You don’t let things go, Sam. What are you trying to do? Reverse psychology isn’t going to work on me.”
He rushed to the bathroom as soon as the bell rang, announcing the end of school and the start of the dance, the start of his
Cas cocked his head to the side in thought. “Fine. I would like one thing more than to end his miserable life. Although, I still maintain that you would be happier without having to worry about your father showing up in your life again. So really, I would be fulfilling my top two aspirations at once.”
“Basically,” Cas said, wry smirk in place.
Dean shook his head with a bitter laugh. “And what are we going to do when we have hunters knocking down our door, huh?”
“No can do, broski. She likes her name, don’t you girl?” He patted the dashboard fondly. “Now get your butts in here, I don’t have all day.”
“Stay here,” Sam told Charlie before chasing after Cas, leaving the car running in his haste. He ran, slipping in the dirt, but managing to stay on his feet as he saw Cas disappear into the decrepit barn. He was only seconds behind and therefore saw the exact moment that Cas bounced off of some invisible barrier, the rebound sending him crashing into and through a wall of the barn.
The furrow in Bobby’s brow became more pronounced. “What do you need that for?”
Gabriel reached them before Mary did, with a broken, “Baby bro?” A gurney was hot on his heels and two EMTs carefully lifted Cas from Dean and Max and wheeled him towards an ambulance. Dean tried to follow but was caught up in a bone crushing hug by his mom who haltingly told him between sobs that he was grounded for the next fifty years for sneaking out.
Mary shot Dean a sharp look as if to say,
“Not like
“How many times is this, Cas?” Dean asked, fitting his hands on Cas’ hips and pulling him forward, ensuring that their personal space was completely obliterated.
Dean smiled as he watched it for a little bit. “This is stupid,” he mumbled, “but uh, maybe if you are actually in the business of granting wishes…” He blushed as he trailed off, still staring at that same star. He thought of Sam, happily chatting away on the phone to his new girlfriend, of his best friend who already had plans with her girlfriend when he asked if she was free. But it was fine. He got it, he did. New relationships were exciting and fun and definitely more appealing than spending time with someone you’ve known since you were in diapers. It’s not like Dean turned down spring break in Cancun with his fraternity brothers to go on this camping trip or anything.
“I should make you get out and fly home,” Dean grumbled.
Cas narrowed his eyes. “I often agree with you. You have great insight.”
The three of them eyed the decrepit building, a dull reddish brown faded from exposure to the weather. The wood looked like it was rotting in places, some slats completely missing altogether. It barely even had half a roof left.
Dean rolled his eyes. “And you have to help me.”
“But why—“
A slight frown touched Cas’ features. “I don’t like it when we have to rush,” he told him. “I like taking my time with you.” He ran a hand down Dean’s back, sliding over the smooth and freckled skin before grabbing his ass hard enough for Dean to let out a small yelp.
Cas nodded and with a thought a machete and gun appeared in Dean’s hands.
Dean’s head shot up, his red-rimmed, watery eyes huge in shock. “What?”
“Thanks,” Dean muttered, feeling the heat from Cas’ grip and forgetting pretty much everything else.
“Sure thing,” he called back. “Door’s open.”
Cas gave him a weird look.
“Make a wish,” Castiel told him.
"You got ten seconds to decide," he told him. "Ten... nine..."
Dean didn’t even bother answering this time. The only things in his backpack were a couple changes of clothes, a toothbrush, and a small collection of pens and paper pads that he had nicked from motels.
“Grilling out back,” she said. She turned to Cas. “Don’t worry, we left yours rare.”
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean said, pushing past him to go and take Cas’ fancy actor chair with his name across the back and everything. “By the way, you are not invited to dinner with us.”
“… And another child has gone missing, this time Ava Wilson, age ten. She was last seen in her home just last night. If anyone has any information regarding this case or that of Ansem Gallagher, reported missing four days ago by his parents, we urge you to contact the sheriff’s department immediately. Searches are ongoing…”
“What? Why not?” Jo demanded.
Cas looked down at his shoes and gave a single shake of his head.
He was silent for a moment. “Maybe he’s playing a prank on us.”
Sam jumped forward to try and stop Cas who looked like he was going in to finish the job, but it was obvious it was only Dean’s hand on his arm that stopped him.
“It was a hairline fracture and I was
“What?” Sam asked. “He was the one who started in on me.”
Dean blushed and glanced up. “Yeah,” he said. “Me either.”
“We weren’t planning,” Charlie said.
“Thank you,” Cas replied in his graveled tone, sounding more pleased than Sam thought he had any right to be.
“My dad could find a needle in a stack of needles, Cas.”
Dean’s head started to droop. Five minutes into
Dean felt Cas’ chest expand where it was pressed next to his and tried to mimic it, getting in a few choked gulps.
Cas’ teasing grin from before softened into a gentle smile. He leaned in for another kiss, longer this time, slower. “I love you.”
Dean sprayed water out of his mouth. “Oh my god, Cas,” he spluttered. “Who the fuck just says penis like that?”
“Hairy enough, too,” Dean snorted.
Dean shook his head and went into his office. He dropped his stuff off at his desk and spared a glance at the pile of applications on his desk before he stripped his jacket off and grabbing the jumpsuit he always kept in his office to change.
understood what she was going for with the whole elf rights thing, and then Hermione initiated—“
“It’s a good thing you could feel that soul bond thingy. I don’t even know how I would have survived that night without you.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said, wiping a hand across his face. “I’ll be in my office then.” He straightened with a sigh and walked over to his office.
Dean shrugged. “My grades are pretty good,” he said. “I’d probably be able to miss a day.”
“I have to go, Cas,” Dean said. “I’ve gotta finally face it, you know? Besides, I don’t think he’ll back off until I talk to him. He told Sam that he wanted to talk to me and he’s like a dog with a fucking bone when he sets his mind to stuff. And this time I won’t just take it if he tries to hurt me again. And I’ll have you.”
Dean felt hot, his mouth dry, his palms sweaty. He spun around and tried to make it look like he wasn’t running away. His resolve only lasted a couple of seconds before he broke out into a full sprint, unsure of where exactly he was going, but knowing he was going to get there as fast as he could. Contingency plans began popping up in his head. He could move. He
Charlie.
“And just who the fuck do you think you are?” John asked through a bloody nose, shakily pushing himself to his feet.
“Was that Bobby?”
“Nobody’s making you stay,” Dean told her, tightening his grip on his bat. “You can leave anytime you want.”
Dean set his jaw into a hard line as he ground his teeth. “If you’re talking about
“No, dude,” Dean said. “This is—this is great. Seriously.” He turned away from Cas. “No one’s ever made me a pie before.”
They turned back to face Ansem, but this time he wasn’t alone.
“No, Dean, I do not want to try and slurp up the same piece of spaghetti with you.”
“’Beverage,’ Jesus,” Jo muttered.
“Adorable,” Cas added.
Cas held him until he felt Dean’s rigid frame relax, his breaths coming slower and steadier.
Dean grimaced. “Alright, I’ll be right back.” He walked down the hall and knocked on Sam’s door. “Yo, Sammy.” He opened the door a crack and peeked inside. Sam was sitting on his bed, his knees drawn to his chest where he hugged them. “What happened man?” he asked, opening the door fully and coming inside.
He curled in on himself tighter. He could feel the button on his jeans digging into his stomach and he welcomed the pain. Anything to take his mind from what had just happened. Anything to distract him from the fact that he allowed his fantasy to bleed through into the real world.
did not want to keep it a secret. More like he wanted to shout it from the rooftops. It was just… just
"Studying? Yes," Cas told him. "We're friends. We're not--not--"
“Yeah? And who the hell are you to talk to him?”
Cas squeezed Dean’s knee. “And he already has people vying for a place on his waiting list.”
Cas looked up from where he was wiping his leg off. “Why not?”
“He won’t,” Dean said. “Nothing can kill them.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “I don’t know,” he said. “I might have a ruler in my backpack, but I tend to use this little thing called a hospital when I’ve been seriously injured.”
“Well, I didn’t think it was going to be this hot!” Sam protested. “And you were going to the park anyway. It’s not like I made you go.”
“—if you agree stop moping about like I just killed your puppy.”
But Cas didn’t seem to mind, he just kept on laughing. “It’s fine,” he assured him. “It’s hardly the weirdest reaction I’ve gotten.”
Dean scrubbed his hands over his face. “Can we not talk about this anymore? I’ve reached my limit for heartfelt moments for the next ten years.”
“He was amazing,” Dean told them. “Blasted the fucker with a fireball.”
Dean pulled all the way away to look at Cas’ solemn face. “I am so not Leia.”
“So why’d you chicken out?” Sam said once they had parted ways with Cas.
“Aw, Charlie,” Dean cooed. “We didn’t know you cared.”
“Alright, so that’s definitely not him, then,” Dean said, edging away from the now pile of dust. “So how do we find him?”
being this cuddly and protective over a monster. Maybe monster was too harsh, he didn’t really know what Cas was, but he didn’t think a monster would be rubbing small circles onto the back of his brother’s hand like that. That was something he did with Jess.
“What does that mean?” Sam asked, but Cas was already across the room.
Cas turned back to Dean. “Are you alright?” he asked softly.
“You don’t work in a bakery, Castiel, you run a bakery.”
Jess shook her head. “I still can’t believe all that. How’s he doing with all of this, anyway?”
Dean bit the inside of his cheek.
There was an uneasy silence between them.
“Great,” Dean said. “Can you grab the salad?”
“Aw, were you worried about me, Bobby?”
“Yeah, I know,” Sam said. “But I also know you want to be
Dean cursed and rushed forward once Sam helped him steady himself from being flung backwards. “Cas, no!” Dean shouted, pulling him off of his father.
“Dean,” the man—Cas as Dean was now referring to him in his head since he’d already forgotten the rest—said. “It is a very great pleasure to meet you.”
But wishing to not be lonely anymore couldn’t be
“Dammit, boy,” came a gruff voice on the other end.
“Awesome.”
“I think I want to go on a hunt,” Dean said.
Sam was five seconds away from proposing a toast to brotherhood when Dean’s head perked up and he said, “Oh hey, Cas is here.”
Cas leaned down and stopped a breath away from Dean’s lips. “With food,” he corrected. “The things I want to do to you will require more time than a simple lunch break can provide.”
Cas opened one blue eye to peer at Dean. “No,” he said.
Dean sighed in acquiescence and leaned in close to kiss him.
“You didn’t think to mention during the planning portion of our evening that you are afraid of flying?” Cas wanted to cross his arms, but he was still helping support Dean by the grip he had on his hand.
“Are you complaining about my taste in music, Joanna Beth?”
Cas rolled his eyes and let his blade drop into existence in his hand.
Dean spun around to face Sam. “You’re going to ask dad,” he accused.
“Uh-huh,” Charlie said. “You just keep telling yourself that.”
Dean held his hands up in surrender. “Dude,” he said. “I forgot my book again and you weren’t here so I picked the lock.”
bad.”
Sam looked between the two of them for a few minutes. “Okay,” he conceded. “If this is what makes you guys happy, then I’m all for it. Seriously.” He stood up and grabbed his coffee. “But for the love of god, next time put a sock on the door.”
"Yeah," Cas said. Then, seemingly upon remembering that the monster incident happened in the woods right there, he went on, "Oh, but we don't have to. We can go somewhere else. See a movie, or try and brave the public pool. You can pick."
Dean looked over to Cas who just shrugged before looking back at Sam. “This is too fishy, I don’t like it.”
Sam woke up to a pounding headache and a pounding at the door. With a pitiful groan he rolled over to make Jess get it, but her side of the bed was cold. He managed to crack one eye open to peer at the clock and realized it was past noon. Jess was at work.
Charlie did, for about two seconds. “So, have you figured out what you’re going to do yet?”
“I was dying of heat, Winchester,” Jo said. “I needed to use your fridge to cool off.”
Dean debated for all of three seconds whether or not he should call for help, but Cas had been quite clear and Dean was honestly a little afraid that he would take it out on the pie.
“You,” Dean laughed, and he felt the first few tears trail down his cheeks.
Dean gave a single, curt nod, turned his head back around and fled to his room.
“Maybe he just needs some time to process?” Jess suggested.
Dean burst into laughter while Cas scowled even harder than when Sam had suggested the same thing.
“I was going to study,” Cas said. “But I got a little distracted.”
Cas smiled. “For the aforementioned reasons, I’d like to anyway.”
“No,” Jo said at full volume. “It feels like a nice change from the gross flirting.”
Dean flushed red from the tips of his ears all the way down to his toes. “What?” his voice squeaked on the word. He cleared his throat. “Um, no—no reason. Just, um, just making plans with Cas to hang out tomorrow.”
Charlie’s offended scoff was enough of an answer.
Dean hung his head in furious resignation and allowed Max to lift Cas’ feet as he grabbed him under the shoulders.
“Well, what’s going to happen to them?” Dean demanded, already forming a list in his mind of what he’d like to do.
Dean felt his face heating, but was confident that the sun would take the blame.
“What whole story? I left and he was pissed that I wasn’t some carbon copy of him, ready to jump whenever dad said. I wasn’t going to give up my life to that man’s cause and Dean just couldn’t see that. He never could. Whatever my dad wanted, he did it without complaint, like he was proud or something. Proud that dad bestowed some great honor upon him by turning him into his own little soldier. I wasn’t going to let that be me, so I decided that I was going to do something for myself and it’s like I admitted I was the freaking antichrist or something. So I left. That’s it, Jess. That’s the whole story. So please, enlighten me as to where Dean has any right to come off attacking me.”
“That’s cool, man,” Sam said with a nervous little smile. “Really.” There was a short, slightly uncomfortable pause.
“How long were you there?” Cas finally asked.
a pie?”
“Ah,” he said, eyes flicking quickly from Dean to Sam and back again. “Well, how are the two of you enjoying yourselves so far? There isn’t too much to do on set…”
“Of course, Mrs. Winchester,” Cas replied before Dean could answer.
Dean let out a shaky, “Thank you.”
“I wasn’t going to kill him,” Cas said. “I was only going to try and persuade him to leave. Sam can even come with me.” After a moment’s pause, with his head tilted to the side, he added, “Although, our situation would be completely resolved if you let me kill him.”
“Ask out a guy?” Charlie snorted. “No way. It’d be an epic failure. But Cas is totally gone on you, ask anyone in the school. We’re taking bets.”
“I hacked into the GPS on his phone. No biggie.”
“What are you even doing with it?” Cas tilted his head to the side. “Ms. Harvelle didn’t give us any homework.”
“And that’s another thing.”
“How is he with the whole huntin’ thing, anyhow?” Bobby asked. “What does he think you do?”
“Just,” Dean said before actually handing it over. “It’s okay if you don’t like it. I won’t be offended.”
“You incriminated yourself on that one, Dean,” Sam said.
“Oh,” Cas said and at the sound of his graveled tones Dean’s head snapped up to stare.
There was a pause. “What?”
“No, it’s not that,” Dean said. “You always get the wrong beer.”
Cas had a goofy grin on his face when they broke apart. “Hello, Dean,” he said.
Cas smirked. “That’s what I thought.”
John turned back towards the medicine cabinet and pulled out some gauze. “Sam, he just snapped my arm.” He paused as he rummaged some more. “Goddammit, don’t you have anything for a brace?”
“Oh!” she said before he could take another step into his office. “I left the applications you need to go over on your desk. Don’t worry, I weeded out all of the bad ones. But you have to pick some by tomorrow so that I can set up the interviews.”
Dean almost turned before he had time to process what he was doing, managing to stop himself in the nick of time. “You don’t have to do me any favors,” he said. “If you want out then leave. It’s not a big deal.”
“Maybe they’re trying to weed out the weak ones before we go to middle school,” Andy suggested.
Dean spread his hands out over the light blue tablecloth, picking at coffee stain from that morning. Cas placed a glass of orange juice to strategically cover it up.
They both chanced a look at each other, relieved and emboldened by seeing the blush on the other’s face.
those). “Yes, Dean. Some people like to be healthy.”
“Then what’s the big deal if it’s broken?” Sam asked.
“How do you know this?” Dean asked.
Dean opened his mouth but no sound came out.
The door to the fridge slammed shut. “I was thinking we could go to Benny’s tonight,” he said. “We haven’t been there in a while. We deserve a night out.”
Cas heaved an exasperated sigh. “I could buy you an island if you really want it, but I know you won’t be happy living on it.”
Dean pointed at her. “Just furthers my point.”
Cas smiled. “But Dean, however will we both fit?”
“Hey, what are you nerds doing here? Wasn’t I supposed to meet you at the park?” Charlie said as soon as she opened the door.
Balthazar, who had been peering around the apartment with mild interest, snapped his eyes over to the confused face of Cas’ roommate. “This is the boyfriend?”
“I promise I’ll send Dean with some leftovers for you tomorrow,” Cas told her as she was ushered towards the door by an awkward looking Gilda. “And we’re very sorry all of this didn’t turn out normally.”
Charlie and Jo were standing on the porch, already fanning themselves from the heat. Charlie threw up the Vulcan sign in greeting while Jo pushed past him to get into the cool air of the house.
Cas pushed himself up with a wince. “I highly doubt that. I know what it feels like when I’m actually winning, but this…” He sighed and pulled the electrodes from his forehead. “This is different. It’s like he’s planning something.”
Dean let out a sigh. “I don’t want to,” he said. “But if dad mobilizes the hunters against us, I don’t really see another option, you know?”
Dean took a moment to stare at his best friend in awe before moving in quickly to kiss him. It lasted for no more than a few seconds, but they both wore shy grins and blushing cheeks when they broke apart and Dean tucked his head in the space above Cas’ shoulder.
Cas just rolled his eyes and kissed Dean again.
The two were completely unabashed at having been called out. On the contrary, Jo had an evil glint in her eye and even Charlie’s grin was more devious than usual.
Dean bit his lip. “We’re going to take care of this, Sammy. I promise.”
“Ooh, a DIY,” she said. “Color me intrigued. Unless it’s a paper heart with glitter. I mean, they’re alright, but Cas doesn’t strike me as the glitter type.”
Cas pulled Dean’s forehead down to rest it against his own. “That’s not even a possibility.”
A gentle hand nudged his face back up. Cas was still there, just closer. He took a seat next to Dean, their hips brushing together.
“Hey, you okay?” Dean asked him, concern touching his voice and sparkling in his eyes.
“Dramatic,” Cas muttered as the two of them made it back to the kitchen.
The creature roared out its last breath and Dean felt a moment of pride mixed with relief until the thing landed directly on him. The weight of the creature knocked the wind out of Dean as he felt himself sink further into the sand. Hopefully this thing would disintegrate soon so Dean could breathe without the crushing weight of a tiger monster on his lungs. Until then he had no choice but to wait and stare at that black dot in the sky. It wasn’t long before he saw someone fall out of it.
Cas glowed brighter again, but only slightly. “I’ve never had food before.”
“I’m sorry,” the man apologized. “I didn’t mean to do anything to make you uncomfortable.”
Sam rolled his eyes. “Whatever, jerk.”
“It’s not like I can give you few days warning anymore.”
Dean felt his heart constricting in his chest. So it was a little lame, but the thought of Cas and Sammy getting along so well sort of made his heart soar. It’s not even like it was a new thing, it was just…
“That’s not much better,” Dean spluttered.
They kissed, sweet and chaste, but lengthy.
Cas put a gentle hand on Dean’s face and let his thumb stroke his stubbled cheek. “You needed help, Dean. It wouldn’t have been a bother.”
His eyes opened and he was back in the decrepit old barn, his father looking much smaller than he ever had before standing in front of him.
“I get it, thanks,” Dean cut her off.
“Well, we had to do something,” Charlie said. “You’re ruthless.”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean agreed, nodding along with him. “Let’s stop hanging out at your house. Or, at least, stop inviting Jo and Charlie over. Why do we hang out with them again?”
“Jeez, Novak,” Jo said, snatching up his discarded controller. “You always talk like you swallowed a dictionary.”
Bobby and Sam looked at each other and shared a commiserating look. Dean and Cas had been making goo goo eyes at each other throughout the entire meal. Sam was more used to it, but he had never been without Jess to distract him. He now understood what Charlie meant when she said they were sickeningly sweet together (or, as she put it, gag worthy).
“Is that what he told you?” he asked. “That he thinks I blame him? You know that’s not true, right, Sam?”
Dean just shook his head and laughed again. “Why the hell are you bringing this up, now? That was forever ago.”
“Yes,” he replied. “I am very glad you are here to go through this with me.”
Cas gasped as the flavor hit his tongue. “This makes me very happy,” he informed Dean before shoving the rest of it in his mouth and grabbing another marshmallow from the open bag lying between their feet.
Cas fidgeted for a moment and then let out a sharp exhale. He closed his eyes and said, “I love you.”
“Mom!” Dean shouted, tearing out of his room, heart pounding. He checked Sam’s room across the hall but it was empty.
“Gabriel?” he called, throwing his keys onto a side table.
“It wasn’t high schoolers, mom!” Sam shouted, ignoring Dean’s question completely. “It was real, I swear!”
“It’s a pretty long way off,” Cas said, running a hand up and down Dean’s back slowly.
The next morning (more like early afternoon), Dean and Sam made their way to the living room to tell their mom about the events of last night but stopped short as the local newscast she was watching caught their attention.
Dean jumped at the sound of his voice and slammed the book shut. “Dammit, Cas! Make some noise!”
“Do not,” Dean said. “I just… like learning about bees.”
“Yeah, so maybe you shouldn’t tell it.”
Cas rolled himself off of the bed and went to stand behind him. “Homework on a Friday night?” he asked. “Who’s the nerd, now?”
Cas nodded solemnly and took a small bite. A thoughtful expression crossed his features as he chewed.
Dean snorted. “It’s not like you can’t figure it out for yourself.”
Sam and Charlie both jumped.
“You done yet, Sam?” John asked. “How long does it take to retie a knot?”
“Cas,” Dean said, tugging on his sleeve.
“Bobby,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, I felt... “ He agitatedly gestured towards his chest with swirling motions.
Cas grinned. “This has been a very good week for me.”
“Later, Bobby,” Dean said and hung up, tossing the phone behind him, onto the kitchen table.
Cas tilted his head on its side. “Who were you going to ask?”
So really, it came as a shock to the both of them when Dean stepped nimbly out of his brother’s grip and, abandoning his half full grocery cart in the snack aisle, left without a word.
Dean nodded and stood on shaky feet. “I know, babe. Come ‘ere.”
“What about me?” Dean’s voice was a bit more hoarse than usual.
. Cas was pathetic. He was going to go crawl into the nearest hole and die of shame. He was going to run away as fast as possible, change names and possibly grow a beard. He was going to—
“Okay,” Cas said. “But if you are actually going on that hunt, I’m going with you.”
“Sammy!” Dean said, throat raw and tearing with the word. He lurched to his feet and threw himself onto his little brother. “It’s okay, Sammy. Everything’s okay now. You did it.”
Dean sighed. “He’s not dead, Cas.”
“What?” Dean shouted. “Why the hell would he think I’m going to kick him out?”
“Please,” Cas scoffed. “You love to cook. You’re just mad you have to make a salad.”
“I haven’t said yes yet,”
Dean wanted to roll his eyes, but he refrained. Cas was just a serious dude, Dean was like ninety percent sure he meant that as an honest observation. “Yeah, but,” Dean shrugged again, “don’t you want to keep talking?”
Cas grinned. “Yeah, but you like me anyway.”
Their mom sighed. “Sweetie, there’s no such thing as the monster in the woods. It’s just made up nonsense.”
“We know, Cassie, we know,” Gabe said in the most patronizing manner he could muster. “But hush now, the grown-ups are talking.
“Just about,” Dean said. “There’re a couple of things I was going to look for just to have on hand since we have like three cars coming in next month, but I’ve found everything that I need for what we’ve got right now.”
“Five minutes!” Gabe called as Cas and Dean both got out of the car. “I’ve got better places to be!”
Dean scoffed. “Bobby isn’t going to let him stay that long. Honestly, dad’s lucky Bobby hasn’t shot him already.”
"Sorry," Sam said, staring down at the plate in front of him. "I guess I just haven't been feeling very good lately."
There was kissing then. Lots and lots of kissing.
But Sam’s eyes were blank as he brought the knife down.
“What does that mean?”
Dean shrugged it off. “You were a kid. I didn’t want you to see past it.”
Dean nodded, his forehead rubbing against Cas’.
“But—“
There was a unanimous agreement.
Dean looked down at himself. “Is that not what I’m doing?”
“I don’t know, I never took Creepy Monster Shit one-oh-one,” Jo said.
Cas spewed out a flame. “Leave him. He can have a hunter’s funeral.”
“Then why would you say it?” Cas asked, anger seeping into his voice once again.
Dean.
“Fine, fine,” he said. “Just a salt and burn, nothing an old, retired hunter like me couldn’t handle.”
“He won’t,” Cas told him. “The usual tests don’t work on me. He will never know.”
“Oh god,” Dean said.
“No,” Dean said, “those were because I was bored. Then you started flirting with me—“
“Guys,” Jo said. “You can’t be serious.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Okay, so I remembered your combination. I mean, I see you put it in every day.”
Cas wrapped his hand around the vial, it was warm to the touch and Cas could detect a slight buzzing coming from it. “Is this…?”
Cas rolled his eyes and pushed Dean off of his lap.
He ran the last two hallways, since this area of the Academy was deserted. He was out of breath by the time he made it to Bobby’s office, who luckily, was already there.
Sam was holding him out at arm’s length now, drinking in the sight of him.
“Nearly,” Cas replied, shooting Dean a quick glance. “We’ll follow our soul mate into the afterlife.”
“Hey, Sammy. You called.”
Sam just snorted. “Yeah, Dean’s about as averse to change as he is to talking.”
“Well,” Jo said. “This night just keeps getting better and better.” But she followed as the other three took off towards where they saw Ava running.
“Sam,” Jess cut him off, putting her hand on his arm. She turned to Dean and Cas. “Thank you guys so much, this was great. Really.”
“Yeesh, I get it. You prefer the term nihilist. Do you always have to bring up the end of the world?”
Gabe swung around in his chair to face Cas who was now halfway out the door. “Yeah, but I don’t
“It’s nothing,” Cas told her.
“Aw, Jo’s got a
woke up exhausted. He supposed it was part of the job, but that didn’t mean he had to enjoy the perpetual fatigue.
“Hm?” Dean asked sleepily, burrowing further into Cas’ warm embrace.
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m not. Although sometimes you do make it extremely difficult.”
Dean blew out a breath as he thought it over. He showed Cas how to smash the marshmallow in the middle of the stack and pull the skewer out without it getting too messy. “Driving in my car,” he finally said. “Windows down, tunes turned up, just me and the open road.” He tore into his dessert, marshmallow and melting chocolate squeezing out between the graham crackers. He watched Cas do the same, smearing part of it along his cheek.
It was bright, so bright he immediately squinted, waiting for his eyes to adjust before inspecting it further. Once his eyes stopped screaming, he brought it up to eye level. At the end of the leather cord was a small, corked vial, but inside…
“Alright,” Dean said, turning the ignition off. “First things first, we don’t have any decorations so we’re going to have to go inside to buy some ornaments and Christmas lights.”
Halfway through
“Uh,” he said. “I didn’t—I just meant—“
Cas gave him a stern look. “You know I don’t like thinking about that.”
Cas stumbled as the back of Dean’s neck and ears turned bright red. “Mom!” he said, springing away from Cas.
Dean turned around at the door and kissed him one more time. “I’ll get the dishes tonight, babe.”
“You don’t remember?” Cas asked him. “You saved a little boy from getting hit by a speeding car.”
“Nothing says anything for sure,” Charlie said. “Nobody’s ever tried to fight this thing. Or, seen it for that matter.”
Dean looked over at him. “How do you know?”
Dean could only watch on in horror as Charlie finally made it over to Cas and tapped him on the shoulder. He put his head down on the table and vowed to murder his best friend later.
Dean shook his head. “No way,” he said. “Five minutes? Sure, whatever, he got a little lost. Ten? Unlikely, but I’d still let it slide.
“Jeez, okay,
“For making me wait so long to do this,” Cas replied, and with a shake of his shoulders, large leathery wings unfolded themselves from his back, stretching wide.
Dean looked hesitant, but at Cas’ nod agreed.
“At least let me see what it is that had you pacing a trench in front of the door.”
“So,” Sam said after a moment’s pause. “You’re a dragon?”
Dean pulled away and took one last deep breath.
Silence settled between them as Dean finished his drink. He set the empty glass down a little harder than strictly necessary, but he had finally stopped shaking.
“Shit,” Dean cursed, adding more pressure. “Sam, get us to the hospital.”
“Whoa,” he said, upon seeing Dean’s white pallor. “What’s wrong?”
“Yeah, I know,” Dean said. “Trust me, I was the one who had to go in and break them up. So I know how much you fought.”
“Have you done it yet?” Charlie asked every time she saw him.
Dean tapped Luc on the shoulder. “Riddle for ya,” Dean said as Luc spun around almost comically. “What’s a question you can never honestly answer yes to?”
Charlie just shrugged. “Well, now you’ve got a free day to catch up on paperwork.”
“No, Cas, never,” Dean said vehemently. “I mean, in the beginning I had to get over all of my hunter shit, but, fuck, Cas, I love what you are. Even if you get a bad rap for stealing virgins.”
“What are you doing to him?” Sam demanded. He could see Cas pacing the perimeter of the circle, wings flared out as far as they would go, and was that—
call yourself a mistake,” he growled. “Saving you was the best thing I have ever done. Your friendship—the family that you have given me with you and Sam—has been the highlight of my very long existence. So don’t you dare think for one second that I would change anything that has led me to you.”
“What do you mean, ‘does this make it official?’” Dean asked as they began to walk once again towards where Cas was now at least ten minutes late for club. “You’re my boyfriend.”
Dean practically floated into the kitchen, head held high, heart still soaring. He took a seat next to Sam at the table and it was practically a full minute before he realized something was off with his little brother.
Sam pushed him. It knocked Dean off balance for a second before he recovered and put Sam in a headlock, grinding his knuckles into Sam’s scalp in a ruthless noogie.
“Afterwards would you like to set the locker room on fire?” Cas asked him, his tone utterly serious.
"These are hardwood floors," Cas told him blandly.
Cas’ stomach took the opportunity and let out a loud growl.
Cas watched the descent of Dean’s arm and his expression hardened. “What? You can’t even touch me now?”
Dean ducked his head and scratched shyly at his ear. “It’s uh… Well, I went to that bakery supply shop over on fifth and maybe sort of got some stuff to make chocolate honeybees.” He chanced a look back up at Charlie who’s mouth had dropped open in an ‘aw’ of epic proportions.
“I’m just trying to tell you that Dean was left behind. And dammit if that boy hasn’t been the collateral damage his whole life.” Bobby paused, seemingly to collect his thoughts, beard twitching. “But away from John he wasn’t, away from John that boy was happy for the first time in a hell of a long while. And I wasn’t going to ruin it for him. Dean would be better off if John thought he was dead. I never wanted to lie to you, Sam, but you made the decision to leave Dean behind. I was just following Dean’s decision to stay that way.”
A shy smile came to Cas’ face. “You didn’t have to do all of this.”
Much to Dean’s chagrin, their lunch date remained chaste. Although Cas did stay and help Dean with all of his work, which he supposed in the long run was more helpful (as long as Cas wasn’t kidding about his plans for home). They were done within the hour and Dean decided to forego checking out the Mustang and get his confrontation with Sam over with.
“I want to see my brother,” Sam said, temper flaring.
“Thank you,” Sam said.
Dean snorted. “I wish that was the case,” he muttered.
Gabriel laughed. “I knew he was too pretty to be smart.”
The backs of Cas’ eyelids did not allow him to see Dean’s reaction, but he figured it was for the best. He didn’t think he could bear seeing Dean’s perfect features morph into disgust.
The yellow eyes got brighter as the children gathered closer to the monster.
He could hear the smile in Cas’ voice when he answered, “You saw me two hours ago.”
“Then it shouldn’t keep you up at night,” Dean said. “And shut the door. I swear, if your sasquatch voice carries down the stairs I’m going to kill you.”
“I didn’t even know he had a brother.”
“Come on, Bobby, give me a little credit. You know I have salt lines laid around the perimeter, sigils and devil’s traps at every doorway.”
“No,” Dean told him.
“Double lucky,” Charlie added. “I mean, I would be worried for you, but you can’t knock Dean up.”
. But like, they don’t have to go outside? Why are only children subjected to such torture?”
“Good point,” Dean conceded. The two of them watched the blaze for a few more moments before Dean added, “Too bad we don’t have any marshmallows.” He clicked his tongue in regret. “I could go for some s’mores right about now.”
“I think so,” Dean said. He put his hands on Cas’ hips, pulling him forward slightly as Cas slid his own arms around Dean’s shoulders. “Is this okay?” Dean asked softly.
“Thanks, Cas.”
Dean shrugged. “I think so.”
long.
“Shit!” he yelled, face paling. He took deep, ragged breaths to try and get himself under control.
Cas bit his lip. “Can’t I just stay with Gabriel for the week?”
“Yeah, definitely. If we’re allowed. I wouldn’t want to get anyone in trouble.”
“I need a real answer, Dean,” Cas admonished. “Are you in pain at all? Uncomfortable?”
Cas snorted. “Okay, but you’re coming up with the excuse for why you ran away like you spotted a velociraptor in the kitchen.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and sighed. "So, Cas sort of yelled at me today."
“Kidnapped?” Cas laughed. “He couldn’t wait to get away from you!”
“But you said—“
“Your dad was bound to find out sooner or later,” Jess shrugged. “He was always popping up sporadically when we were at Stanford. It was only a matter of time before he showed up here again anyway.”
“I’m staying,” Sam told him.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean said, stepping in front and bring his little group of friends to a halt. “You and
“He probably saw some asshole high school students.”
Cas merely shrugged in acceptance of Dean’s statement and laced their fingers together.
“What, is that a crime now?” He kept his eyes firmly on the sodas in his hands.
Cas’ frown deepened but he followed in his husband’s wake. “Fine,” he said. “Then what do you suggest we do? Your father doesn’t seem the type to wait around. And you know he won’t hesitate to kill us.”
Suddenly he was in a motel room, the stale scent of cigarettes and whiskey filling his nostrils. There was yelling and shouting and loud, loud banging. The hits were coming, he knew they were coming. They would be bad this time. He had failed. He didn’t do his job so the hits were going to come and he was going to hurt and the banging was just so
“Where does that friend of Dean’s live?” John asked. “We’ll go scout it out after I patch myself up.”
Dean pulled back from hugging Sam just enough to see that Cas was lying on the floor, unresponsive. “Cas?” Dean whispered. He dragged himself across the ground as fast as he could, slipping slightly in the fallen leaves before hovering above his boyfriend.
Sam did catch Bobby’s eye at that one. “You know about Jess?” he asked sheepishly.
“Uh, thanks for the ride, Gabe,” Dean said, unbuckling his seatbelt.
“Hey!” Dean said from the ground while Sam burst into laughter.
,” Charlie’s voice came over the intercom again. “
“Of course,” Bobby replied. “But just maybe don’t let it spread around. Can’t have the others thinking you’re getting special treatment, just ‘cause you’re a legacy.”
Finally, a week after Balthazar’s departure, Dean came into the living room with a duffel bag slung over his shoulder. “I can’t do this anymore,” he announced.
“That’s just a fact, too, Cas,” Dean said, leaning forward to plant a kiss on his lips. “You are pretty.”
Dean pulled away a little to fix Cas with a hard stare. “Babe, you know it wasn’t that I didn’t trust you, right? I mean, hell, Cas, I’ve pretty much trusted you with my life since the moment we met.”
“Screw the mess,” Dean said. “You made pie. Can I have a piece?”
“Great now that you’re here,” Dean replied with a wink.
“Shut up, Winchester,” she said, deep blush staining her cheeks. “I could say the same to you.”
“Sam,” Cas cut him off, his voice deadly. “Stop talking. Now.”
“Yes,” Dean said. “You’re not mad that I’m springing this on you, last minute?”
“Bobby sent me up to tell you guys that dinner is ready,” Sam said once his laughter had subsided.
Sam just snorted out another laugh. “If you say so, Dean.”
“Aw, what, Dean! Can’t you ask her - “
Dean closed his eyes and groaned again. “Why is that such a turn on?”
“Dean would never hurt me,” Cas practically growled. “I mean, my god, you’ve met him. He’s still Dean.”
Cas’ shoulder was still bleeding sluggishly, and he had a large, angry red mark on his temple.
“Yeah, but he knew where to find me. He could check to make sure I wasn’t dead somewhere, or worse.”
Information was sparse, but they weren’t really expecting much. After two hours of reading and searching the only hard facts they found were that five children had gone missing about fifty years ago and was still considered an open case since no one seemed to know what happened to them.
“Well, yeah, obviously,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Gabe was right, we should lock him up for keeping us apart. It’s basically a crime.”
Dean would just grunt out a negative and ignore her attempts at refraining from rolling her eyes.
“I said not to call me out here to bother me, which we both know you were doing on purpose.” Dean looked away sheepishly at that. Cas continued, “I didn’t say not to call me if it was something you truly needed.” He leaned in and gave Dean a kiss. “Where were you trying to go, anyway?”
“Nope,” Dean smacked a hand over Cas’ mouth. “Don’t say it. The thing doesn’t exist.”
Dean and Cas avoided each other’s eyes as they drove past house after house, Cas’ face still glowing and Dean too afraid to make any sort of move after Gabe’s threat. It went on like that until they pulled up to Dean’s shabby but well-kept house.
“Yeah, Sam,” Dean said. “I mean, you’re too scrawny for the monster to want to eat you anyway. Unless he’s looking for an appetizer.”
“I’m right here,” Cas growled. “And perfectly capable of independent thinking and decision making, thanks.”
Dean tried in vain to struggle free. “Come on, Cas,” Dean said. “I’ve been late every day this week. I’m the boss, I’m supposed to be setting a good example. These newbies are going to start thinking they can get away with anything.”
Dean was still late for work.
Dean froze where he had a knife poised above the pie, ready to slice. Slowly, he turned to face Cas. “You baked a pie for me?”
“So, Clarence,” she purred, handing him her yearbook and making sure their fingers brushed together. “You never gave me a solid answer on the dance.”
“Oh. My. God.”
“I think I’d rather go with you.”
Dean craned his head back and yelled, “What?”
“Go for it,” Dean said with a grin. He let go of Cas’ hand to wrap his arm around Cas’ shoulders instead.
“Great visual, thanks,” Charlie said as she and Cas followed Jo into the kitchen. “And anyways, we’re going to the park because my parents keep yelling at me to,” she adopted a deeper, authoritative voice for the next bit, “
Sam shrugged again. “I think god himself could have officiated your marriage and it wouldn’t really make a difference in his eyes.”
Dean shook his head. “Go home, Charlie, everything is fine.”
“Of course, Dean,” Cas finally responded.
“Hello?”
Sam did as advised and his hair was back to its gleaming chestnut color in no time.
In reality, their first meeting went a little differently.
He was so drunk he didn’t even notice his soul reaching out and finding another, not that he would have really known what was happening. He may, however, have been slightly more amenable to the dark haired man walking with purpose towards the empty stool next to him.
“Hey guys,” Dean said, loud enough to be heard over the music, wiping his sweaty palms off on his jeans.
“Alright, jeez,” Charlie said. “Why drag me into this?”
Dean grinned and walked over to kiss his husband. Every Thursday Cas went to the library, sometimes for five minutes to return a book, sometimes for hours as he poured through the collection to pick something new to read. Occasionally, he’d bring a few back for Dean that he thought he’d enjoy. He always did.
“Upstairs, little bro!” came the reply.
“I was too until he showed me the way.”
Dean managed to finally meet Cas’ eyes. He forced a smile onto his face. “’Course, dude. You’re my best friend. You deserve way better than Meg trying to put the moves on you on the dance floor. Pretty sure she sharpens her nails into claws.”
“Whatever, dude,” Dean said, too preoccupied to worry about being embarrassed. “Oh, and we’re leaving at ten, so be ready.”
Cas’ eyes narrowed in a glare. “I’m only saying that you should be more open minded.”
“What?” Dean asked.
Cas passed out on Dean’s bed almost immediately when they got to the Winchester household on Friday afternoon and didn’t wake up until the sun had already gone down.
“Hey, I ain’t sayin’ it’s a bad thing,” Bobby assured him. “Just, after all the shit you went through I never thought it’d come so easy.”
outside of his room.
Sam’s lips curled in a smile. “You know what I mean.”
“Actually,” Cas said directly into his adversary’s ear, “the answer we were looking for is, ‘Are you dead?’”
Dean had three broken ribs, a broken leg, and a hairline fracture in his left arm. He was also covered head to toe in bruises and had more stitches than he could count in his drugged up state.
“It’s honestly been a nightmare,” Dean told him. “I had to sneak notes to Charlie, so we’re going to have to help make her birthday super awesome, too. In repayment.”
“No you didn’t,” Cas said.
Dean rolled his eyes. “So you’re just, what? Going to miss school this week working on dad’s wild goose chase? Isn’t this what you ran away from in the first place?”
“Not until we get the next season of Firefly, like we deserve.”
Dean scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Because you fought for free will but it never applied to you, right?”
“I guess we should be grateful you’re using video games as a proxy,” Cas told her, trading his controller for his soda on the table. Sam had won a narrow victory in the last seconds of the round.
John turned the gun to point at Cas who reacted to the movement with a snort of a laugh.
“Oh, don’t you start, too,” Dean snapped. “It wasn’t real. It was jerks in a costume!” He looked back and forth between Cas and Charlie, the former glaring, the latter looking slightly apologetic but determined. He turned to Jo. “Do you believe in the stupid thing?”
“Cas,” Dean whined. “This is a five year old argument. Why are you still mad about this?”
“Yes, it was a pleasure,” Cas said. “I hope you’re here the next time they decide to ignore my presence.”
Sam lifted his shoulders in a shrug.
“Sorry,” Cas said, grabbing a napkin and trying to blot the mess up, which didn’t do anything besides soak up the excess liquid to reveal brown splotches on what was otherwise a pristine white and red checkered cloth. “I’m just not looking forward to seeing your father today.”
They both wore collared shirts to dinner that night. Cas had decided to go with ill-advised payback.
Sam turned to see his dad standing against one of the walls, a large leather bound book in his hand.
Cas nodded quickly. “Yes, please.”
“Hello?”
“Oh, you know,” Gabe said airily, waving his hand around. “Just checking up on my baby bro and making sure I won’t have to raise any teen pregnancy babies.”
“Because I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable!” Cas shouted.
“Uh,” Sam said from where he had been watching the exchange rather awkwardly. “Guys? What are you talking about?”
“I’m an open book,” Dean retorted.
Sam and Andy both turned to face Jake Talley who was wiping the sweat from his brow.
The brightness intensified again. “Nothing,” Castiel said.
“But,” Jess continued. “Seeing him tonight—“
A little zing went through Dean at how good Cas’ hair looked all messy like that. But he quickly shook himself free from the thought, Gabe’s threats still fresh on his mind.
Dean opened his mouth to reply but was cut off by the entrance of Gabriel.
Dean chewed on his cheek as he thought it over. “I don’t like it,” he finally said. “Let’s go back home.”
Cas grinned and Dean took that as his cue to lean in again.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Jeez, drama queen. Just put your jacket on, the collar will cover it.”
“But the mess,” Cas trailed off, peeking behind himself to see if it had vanished without his notice.
“Is he leaving?” Dean asked curtly.
Cas was pouring the last of the pot into a travel mug when Gabriel entered the kitchen.
of eating out.”
“I always look tasty,” Dean replied with a grin, starting the car and pulling back out onto the street.
“Oh, he knows what I do,” Dean said. “I explained everything to him.” Dean left out the part where he didn’t actually need to do any explaining since Cas was definitely already in the know, but what Bobby didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him.
Cas roared, flames spurting out of his mouth, hitting an invisible barrier around them and flicking up towards the rotting roof of the barn. “Forcing a break will shatter our souls. Best case scenario we die in the process.”
Cas choked on the sob that was trying to crawl its way out of his throat.
“You really think it’s a good idea?” Dean asked from his seat on the couch.
“Fine,” Dean grumbled, putting his arm back around Cas. “I’ll try to be a crazy person for a while so he can convince me.”
“No, we were not making out. Just mind your own business,” Dean told him.
Their conversation only got cheesier from there, Dean completely forgetting the reason he called Cas in the first place.
He dodged another attack, this time managing to slice into one of its wings with his machete. The thing let out a terrible screech and Dean used its distraction to dive down into the sea of trees. He aimed for where he thought Cas had crashed.
Dean opened his mouth to argue again, but was cut off by John roughly tying the cloth around his mouth in a makeshift gag. Dean’s screamed out some choice curses but they were now muffled.
Sam sniffed again, reluctantly letting go of Dean and wiping his nose with his arm. “Okay,” he said in a small voice.
Cas grinned. “You know I would never miss a meal.”
“What?” Cas asked. “Your brother?”
“I’m sure he’ll forgive you,” Jess told him. “You guys have come this far, I don’t think he’s going to ruin all of that because you made a mistake.”
“I didn’t—“
“Did you talk to him?”
“They do provide extra stability for the trickier sex acts,” Cas informed him.
Cas sighed contentedly as Jo and Charlie began discussing the finer points of what they wanted to do for their birthdays.
“There’s no need to call me sir, boy,” he said, ignoring the compliment. “Just call me Bobby.”
“That she was a lesbian,” Cas said.
“Yeah, well, Cas has been very persuasive this past week.” Dean gave her a suggestive eyebrow raise.
Cas took his hand back from Dean and shot him an icy glare of which Sam was glad to not be on the receiving end. “My stupid overprotective thing?” he asked, voice like ice.
“You sure you ain’t a hunter?” Bobby asked after Cas regaled him with his knowledge on all things supernatural.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said in his deep rumble. “Charlie told me that you had a very boring day filled with paperwork so I figured I would come and distract you for a little.” He held up two brown paper bags. “I brought burgers. And pie, but only for after you’ve finished up.”
“I know, Cas, I know,” Dean told him, laughing. “But that’s how I figured it out. You’d never let me get away with asking you something like that, let alone agree with it.” He let out a sigh. “I guess in my dream world I got to keep you safe, but…” He chewed on his bottom lip for a moment. “I’d rather have you.”
“Hello, Dean,” he said in his gravelly voice. He turned to bestow the same greeting upon Sam but then seemed to take in his appearance. “Why is your hair pink?”
“I had a very good time today,” Cas told him once they were standing on the porch in the light of the barely setting sun.
“People will also like your cinnamon toast crunch scones and your s’mores muffins. Dean, your ideas are good and I’ve tasted the results. They’re
He dropped his baseball bat outside, hoping the thud it made when it connected with the hard and cracked dirt outside wouldn’t carry. He hoisted himself up and through his window next, landing much more softly as his sneakers made contact with the ground. He left his window open, too afraid to make more noise than necessary.
“There’s the Sammy I know and love,” Dean said, pointing at Sam’s bitchface with a forkful of eggs. He went through half his plate before he stopped to look at Sam again. “I thought you wanted to have breakfast with me,” he pointed at Sam’s empty plate, “not stare at me while I eat mine.”
Dean immediately grabbed onto Cas’ arm. “No,” he told him. “You’re not going down there.”
Cas turned around and deflated at the sight of Dean. “You’re right, I’m sorry.” He allowed Dean to pull him back to stand at his side. “Would you like to leave?”
Cas smiled shyly and shrugged. “I don’t know, but I’m glad we did.”
Sam nodded and made his way back to Dean. He knelt down and began working on the ropes around Dean’s wrist. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he said loudly. “But Dad’s right. You’re not the same person you were before.”
“Uh, Cas?” Dean said hesitantly after he pulled away.
Sam walked into the apartment and threw his backpack in the corner before collapsing onto the couch next to Jess. He stared at the television, not taking in a single thing that was going on.
Once they were safely inside the car, engine a barely audible purr, Sam said, “So what? Are you on his side now?” He pulled out onto the street, not looking over at her.
Dean just shrugged. “You’d be surprised.”
Sam tried to convey with a look how sorry he was, how terribly, horribly, absolutely sorry he was for ever thinking that this prank wouldn’t backfire on him.
“Yes. Um…” Cas flexed and unflexed his hands in a nervous tic. “Charlie informed me that you would not be averse to my company.”
Dean sat up and stared down at his little brother. “What are you talking about? Who’s whispering?”
Cas shook his head and let out a small laugh. “Oh, Dean. I would never take my frustrations out on an innocent pie. If anything, I would have withheld blowjobs.”
“I know,” Dean said. “I’m a real charmer, ain’t I?”
Dean let out a dramatic sigh and leaned his forehead on Cas’ shoulder. “But Sammy wants to
Lucifer shrieked in his voice and the high pitched screech of his monstrous form.
“Please,” Cas prompted, holding a hand out. “Explain why
“You guys all suck,” Dean said over their renewed laughter.
“Nah,” Dean sighed. “If you don’t want to go, I’m not exactly excited to go and die in this ridiculous heat. Come back to the living room and we’ll pig out on chips and watch a movie. You can pick.”
regular flavors.”
“Are you alright?” Cas asked him.
“Sammy!” Dean’s voice boomed throughout the hall, but the few students awake this early ignored him, too sleepy to focus on anything but their meals. Usually, Dean would be right there with the tired masses, but he had quidditch practice later and that always seemed to put him in a good mood. “Come to try and return the favor for that itching powder?” he asked with a wink, sliding smoothly onto the bench across from Sam.
Dean exhaled in relief. “Thanks, Bobby.”
“I don’t know,” Dean said.
“I believe it’s the pestering we’re worried about,” Cas piped up.
“I tried to train those out of you, but you wouldn’t let me.”
was the favorite.”
“Leave your brother alone, Sam,” their mom, Mary, said, coming into the kitchen. “And what have I told you about talking with your mouth full?”
“I’m scared.”
the princess.
Cas smiled then, wide and gummy. “There will be no need for that, I think.”
Cas broke out into a gummy smile. “Yes.”
Dean cleared his throat. “So, uh, Sam,” he said. “Did you, um, happen to tell dad about me?”
Dean smirked. “I guess that leaves us to squeeze together on the chair, Cas,” Dean said.
“This is where Sam said it happened,” Dean told them once they’d made it to the top of a slight hill. He turned his light to the left and right, the beam dancing through the branches.
“No,” Cas said.
Dean leaned forward until their foreheads were resting together. “I don’t know,” he sighed.
“I may have forgotten to tell him you were coming over early.” He bit his lip and blushed.
“Are you even listening to yourself, Sam?” John asked. “I know that what I did was wrong. And…” He sighed. “I’m not even asking to be a part of his life anymore. I just want to apologize, to make things right. And whatever his name is, Dean’s friend is not a human. Did you not see what he did to my arm? I don’t care how strong you are, no human can just snap a bone like that with a finger.”
“Yeah, I mean—“
“No way, I need assurances that you won’t be dead tomorrow.” She actually tapped her foot on the floor.
“Nothing against her, of course,” Cas said and took another step closer to Deean. “I believe I’m a difficult student when it comes to this sort of thing.”
Pushing himself to his feet, he made an escape to Dean’s room. He wasn’t anywhere near tired enough to sleep (his nap now seemed ill advised), but there was nothing else to do.
Dean shrugged and put his hand on Cas’ cheek. “Felt pretty real to me,” he said, using his thumb to wipe away a stray tear that had managed to escape from those watery blue eyes. He moved in and pressed his lips to Cas’, in their very first and very real kiss.
Jess let out the breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding and turned with a brilliant smile to face Sam who was staring after the maître d’ with his mouth hanging slightly open. “See?” she said. “Everything is going to be fine.”
“Um,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Are you going to the end of the year dance?”
They stayed until after the sun set, watching the full moon’s reflection on meager waves.
“But you didn’t know,” Jess told him. “He didn’t let you know.”
Dean nodded. “Tonight.” He looked to the others.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “I said it was cheesy,” he told Cas. “It’s just, you know… I just wanted you to remember that you’ve always got me. That sparks flew when we met because, well…” Cas could feel Dean’s embarrassment heavy in the air between them as well as through his Bond. “Because.”
Dean’s whole body unclenched at Cas’ casual acceptance. “You kidding me, Novak? You’d definitely be the trophy husband. Have you seen you?”
“Yes,” Cas said. “Now please give it back. It’s for Dean.”
“Yeah, thanks Bobby,” Dean said and then the line went dead.
Cas’ cheeks tinged pink and he looked away.
“Because you’re the queen nerd,” Jo told her.
He shrugged it off. “It’s alright,” he said. “I mean, at least I know he’s alive, right?”
“Hello,” he said to the two of them, his deep rumble of a  voice making Dean swoon just a little bit more (not that he’d admit that out loud to anyone). “Are you two the new P.A.s? I don’t think I’ve seen you around here before.”
Dean let out a self deprecating laugh. “Oh yeah, totally.” He rolled his eyes. “Because who wouldn’t want to date the vice president of the LARPing club?”
Dean leaned in and kissed Cas gently on the mouth. “Let’s see if we can salvage some dinner, huh?”
Somehow they fell into a routine. Dean kept “forgetting” his biology book, and Cas was always gracious enough to lend him his. Depending on how bored they got during class, their notes ranged from a simple thought to detailing every second they had spent apart since the previous day.
“Did you two have a good time?” Cas asked the girls, still gripping Dean’s hand tightly as they made their way outside to wait for their parents to pick them up.
The sight of an unfamiliar pickup truck parked in front of his house sent fury coursing through his veins. He didn’t even remember to be nervous about seeing his father, let alone scared of him. No, he was pissed. Fucking livid. His dad thought that he could just invade his home. His and Cas’
“Don’t forget your juice,” Dean said, picking up the jug and pouring Sam a glass for him. “Gotta get your vitamin C.”
