“Yes. Perfect. It’s exactly what I need,” Sherlock says, springing to his feet.
As I spoke, I leaned over his prone form and picked up the empty glass hypodermic. Placing it on the floor beside me, I licked my finger and wiped the drop of dried blood from the crook of his arm, where his shirtsleeve was carelessly rolled back. Without thinking, as though the blood were my own, I licked the finger clean. The taste of metal shocked me into recognition and I was momentarily glad that Holmes eyes had slid shut once again. Then, suddenly insensed, I took him by the shoulder and shook him again.
“What are you doing?” I murmured. My voice came out throaty, a shade deeper than usual.
I do not wish to relive the ghastly sight of Dr Roylott’s corpse, with the snake still coiled about his forehead like a gruesome crown. Still less do I like to recall the moment the deadly serpent began sinuously to uncoil, its movements sending an instinctive chill of horror down my spine. When Holmes reached for the dog-whip on the dead man’s lap, I cried out and grabbed for his arm, certain that the loathsome creature would strike him as soon as he drew close. But he had already grasped the whip with one long arm and swiftly, expertly, he hooked it around the snake’s head and flung the creature into the safe. As soon as he had done so, I darted forward to slam the door upon it with a clang. It was only once I turned back to him that I saw that he was shaking.
“Then we shall solve it or perish together,” he said, as he turned away to begin setting himself to rights.
“I see that you have had a successful day,” I observed, looking up from my papers as he came in. I had been attempting to pass the time by writing up another of his cases for The Strand, with little success.
“And what of the time you claim has elapsed since my last drink?” I said. His speech had certainly gone some way to calming my anger and I found myself unaccountably pleased by his description of himself as my friend, but I was little mollified by his vague references to his own hidden habits, which I surmised to be nothing more than a sop to excuse his unwarranted exposure of my own.
The next morning, I woke up easier in my mind than I had been for weeks, after a night of sleep disturbed only twice by nightmares. It had been some time since I had had an appointment to meet with someone and I refrained from the morning dram that had become an unhappy habit, less Holmes should smell it on me when we met. I did not wish my vices to become known to him if I could avoid it and the hours of uninterrupted sleep had left me feeling fortified, stronger than I had felt for a long time.
“No more,” he says. “Promise me. No more jumping in front of cars or out of windows. No more inhaling or shooting or otherwise ingesting unknown toxins. No more playing with snakes or knives or fucking chainsaws. I’m not saying you can’t do your job. I’m not trying to change who you are. I’m not asking you never to get hurt again or not to put yourself in some danger when it’s really necessary. I’m just asking you to be a bit more careful. I don’t care who you’re trying to capture or whether you think they might escape. I know you’re clever enough to think of other ways. And if you can’t think of one, you let them go – temporarily – and we’ll think of one together. Promise me. Okay? I don’t ask you to do that, usually. I never ask, but I need you to promise me, this time, about this one thing.”
“Holmes, how did you get me out of that coffin?” I murmured, with a sensation of dawning horror.
To my relief, he did not speak for the remainder of the journey.
I resisted the urge to snarl at her.
“At first he expressed great joy at the news but increasingly I wondered if perhaps he was not in truth as happy as he professed. The night the treaty went missing, as I told you and Mr Holmes yesterday, I returned to Woking in a deplorably anxious condition, nearly crippled by the shame I had brought on myself and my office. What I did not say was that I went at once to see Joseph, who was alone in his bedroom. He was horrified when I told him what had occurred and what it meant for my future. Immediately, he stated that I must call off the engagement with Annie. When I refused, he threatened to tell her the truth about what had passed between the two of us. He said that she would forgive him, for he could not help loving me, but that she would never pardon me for what I had done to him and for what I had concealed from her. Driven half-mad with fear and appalled to hear him speak of love in the same breath as he threatened everything I had come to hold dear, I flew into a rage. I swore that he could tell Annie whatever he liked but that I would deny it and reminded him that he had no proof with which to furnish her. Unfortunately, I have a rather distinctive birthmark in a rather sensitive location…”
“In what way could you have caused me any discomfort?” he enquired languidly, still holding the newspaper in front of him, as though he expected to return to it at any moment.
“Please, Holmes, you may leave me now. I wish to be alone,” I said stiffly, hating myself.
The air left my lungs in a rush, as though he had punched me in the stomach. The pain was greater than a physical blow would have been.
“Who on earth is Moriarty?” I said, struck by the strange tone in which Holmes had said the name.
“Leave me,” he mumbled, turning his disfigured countenance to the wall. “I have nothing to say to you or to the police.
“Thank you,” Holmes said softly.
“It was the brother. Obvious. Even Lestrade would have got there eventually,” Sherlock concedes. “But it’s not enough to know who did it. I needed to know how.”
When at last he pulled back, I found myself smiling at him, happier than I had been in days. The answering smile on his face almost dragged from me an expression of my powerful feelings towards him – something that, despite his unexpected declarations, I knew he would not appreciate. Instead, I turned away, taking his hand and tugging him towards his bedroom.
Since the night that matters between Holmes and I had first escalated to a physical level, I had not seen him inject either morphine or cocaine, and I had begun to hope that his drug use was a more infrequent occurrence than the plethora of marks on his arms seemed to suggest. It helped that he had had a steady stream of clients and that, as a consequence, we had been occupied almost every day with one case or another – sometimes more than one at a time. My stories of Holmes’ remarkable methods, and his success in solving problems that had proved too complex or bizarre even for the inspectors of Scotland Yard to crack, had, to my secret chagrin, not been met with praise by Holmes. He claimed to find my style florid, my language melodramatic, my attention to important detail lacking and my depictions of both of us unrealistic and unflattering. But they had succeeded in attracting several new clients, most of whom came to him as a port of first call when they felt that something was amiss that was unlikely to be treated with much seriousness by the police.
It was a relief after the strange turn our breakfast had taken to return to a semblance of our normal routine. Holmes, I noticed, seemed to have shaken off his earlier grim mood and for the first time in several days he took himself off to dress for company instead of retreating to the sofa to lie all day in his dressing gown. When, a few minutes after his return to the sitting room, a young woman arrived at the door, I made ready to retreat to my room, but to my surprise Holmes stopped me.
“I knew what he used. I didn’t know how it worked. I ran lots of tests at Bart’s before I lit it, John. But I needed to know what it felt like so that I could understand its effects.”
As we drew within sight of the hall, he surged ahead, eager to return to London. I knew he was already thinking of his experiments, of Mrs Hudson’s cooking and the familiar feel of his Stradivarius against his shoulder and evenings spent reading side by side, he immersed in an obscure reference volume or scientific tome, I in the latest adventure novel, before one or other of us rose and led the way to the bedroom.
I could see Holmes’ suppressed excitement at the possibility of a new case as he coaxed his client, Miss Mary Morstan, to detail the mystery that plagued her. Although the shaking of her hands gave away her extreme agitation, I was impressed by her commendable composure as she shared her tragic story, describing the death of her mother during her infancy and the mysterious disappearance of her father some years later, just as she had thought to have him finally returned to her at the end of his service in India.
“How long?” I asked, allowing my eyes to roam over him, from his swollen lips, to the bruises that I saw with a guilty thrill marred the soft skin of his thighs, corresponding to the size and shape of my hands.
My attention soon focused on the case, however, as despite her admirable composure throughout the interview, it was easy to see that Miss Stoner was mired in a state of extreme terror from the moment she began her strange tale to the moment she ended it. Her strained face and her shaking hands, alongside her air of barely repressed agitation, all combined to create a powerful effect upon me. I was struck most forcefully by her case and the sinister elements of the mystery she laid before us. Perhaps my mind was particularly susceptible to strong emotion, given that I had only just awakened from a deep sleep and had been subjected to Holmes’ unsettling study as I dressed, but the grim and violent character of his stepfather and the horrifying, agonising death of her sister just two years earlier, coupled with her own presentiment of impending disaster, combined to create an echo of her own terror within my breast, the precise reason for which I would have been hard-pressed to explain.
“Woe betide my attacker, if I had been. It is quite the experience, being rescued by an avenging war hero. Particularly one who looks like Dr John Watson. Would that we lived in medieval times. I should have loved to see you with chainmail across that broad chest and a sword in your hand, a helmet framing your jaw. Have I ever told you what this angle just here does to me?” he mused, reaching out to trail a finger from below my right ear to my chin, just above the spot where I knew he could see my pulse thrumming fast in my throat.
“When you were tuning your violin, I’m afraid I fell into a brown study and I feared that perhaps you had questioned the direction of my gaze.”
“Lady Carfax,” I managed to mutter. “I was too late.”
“Okay,” John says easily. He takes hold of Sherlock’s forearm, still wrapped around his chest, and tugs it tighter around him, wriggling his hips backwards slightly so that the smooth warm curves of his bum nestle even more snugly against Sherlock’s hips and the sleepy flesh of his cock.
“So I am led to believe,” said Holmes thoughtfully. “And yet I am somewhat surprised at her choice of groom. She has a face that a man might die for, but I fancy it is her mind that makes her truly unique. If she is as clever as I believe her to be, she is among the five smartest people in London.”
“A man’s surely,” I cried, too quickly, and felt the blood rush to my face.
“She knew who I was from the moment she saw me,” he admitted, turning and beginning to walk in the direction of Baker Street. I fell into step at his side, matching my strides to his longer ones, my eyes fixed on the muddy cobbles.
“What did Holmes say?” I queried, increasingly worried that Phelps had suffered a relapse of his fever and accompanying loss of his mental faculties.
Mr Jabez Wilson was a stout man with a head of fiery red hair that blazed like a beacon in the middle of our sitting room as he stood twisting his hands and fidgeting on the very rug where Holmes had so recently driven me to a state of ecstasy. The memory of his hand on my chest as he bore me to the ground threatened to bring a flush to my cheeks and I had to glance away quickly. Out of the corner of my eye, I thought I saw the ghost of a smile flicker across Holmes’ features, but when I glanced over at him the beam of his attention was turned with its full intensity on Mr Wilson, who had taken a seat on the sofa, placing his faded top hat and worn overcoat beside him.
“Yeah, Sherlock. I know.”
“After all, it is unlikely that Phelps’ two problems are intertwined in any more than a passing sense,” I reflected, since Holmes did not appear inclined to say more. “It is the matter of the treaty that you are here to solve. Once that is taken care of Harrison can have no more objection to the marriage and Phelps’ other problem will disappear.”
“You begged to have me inside you.”
It was only when he attempted to sit up and fell back onto the bunk that I realised how weak he was.
“They drugged you,” Holmes said in a clinical tone. “Lady Carfax was already dead and he could not risk the police showing up. He determined to be rid of both of you in one move. I am certain that, given the circumstances, you did not mark the design of the coffin, but it was usually broad and deep. No doubt they had the undertaker change the order to accommodate two –”
“She sounds a rare specimen, indeed,” I replied noncommittally.
“Because I thought you didn’t want me to say it! Sentiment. All that. Not your area. I assumed you would hate it. You never said it back.”
Next, Sherlock tries implementing a deduction he’s made about something John wants but will never ask for. He waits until they get home after a particularly invigorating chase to push the shorter man up against the wall just inside their front door, whispering exactly what he plans to do to him as he pins him roughly with one hand on his uninjured shoulder and undoes his belt with the other. John reacts even better than Sherlock had expected to being stripped naked, trussed up in the handcuffs Sherlock has stolen from Donovan and bent double over the back of the sofa, Sherlock standing behind him gripping the handcuff chain for leverage as he fucks him, still fully dressed and still wearing his coat. But while it’s happening, John is too busy swearing and gasping incoherently to say much of anything and when it’s over, all he says is, “Sherlock, please tell me that when you nicked these cuffs you remembered to steal the key?” Even after Sherlock has unlocked him and is briskly rubbing away the red marks on his wrists, John only grins at him and says, “I’m fine. Jesus, that was... You’re going to give me a heart attack one of these days,” and for some reason Sherlock finds himself grinning back, even though his plan has failed.
“It did not,” I said. And then, venturing more than I was certain I should, “I thought of you for two days straight. I was worried you had been killed.”
“Inspector Bradstreet, Dr Watson,” responded the shorter of the two constables. “I did not know this was one of Mr Holmes’ investigations,” he continued, his eyes wide, once I had explained the purpose of my visit. “He must be busy these days if he has sent you to ask the questions instead of coming himself.”
“Jesus,” John exhales. “Jesus. That fucking thing bit you. How poisonous is it, Sherlock? I know you know what species it was.”
I had never heard such a tone of admiration in his voice. Unworthy though it was, I began to hope most fervently that the case would be over quickly and that the beautiful Miss Adler would turn out to be far less interesting – and intelligent – than she seemed.
Our encounters often began in the sitting room and ended in Holmes’ bed, if not on the sofa or the rug or, on one memorable occasion, atop the dining table, but I never allowed myself to fall asleep beside him after that first night. I knew that my inevitable nightmares would reveal the true state of my damaged mind to Holmes, the last person alive to whom I wished to display my weakness. The fact that he never invited me to remain made clear to me that in any case he preferred to sleep alone. I would retreat to my own bedroom, still dazed from my release, the sound of his voice echoing in my head, and inhale the scent of his skin on my hands as I drifted off to sleep. The nightmares still haunted me, but less than before, and on the occasions when Holmes had emptied my mind of all but him for a few fleeting hours, I often found that I was able to sleep more deeply and for longer than on other nights.
John’s voice is still sleepy but now it’s faintly amused, as though Sherlock is engaged in one of his more scathing personal deductions – the ones he likes to throw at Donovan and Anderson when they’re being particularly insufferable. The ones John pretends he doesn’t enjoy but that always make him want to smile.
“You can trust Percy’s story,” I responded quickly, and then winced.
“You knew the crime scene was faked from the beginning, didn’t you?” he says. “You knew it wasn’t a snake that killed the sister.”
“Who else would I be dreaming of but the man who has the skills of a cat burglar and uses them to break into my hotel room and commence unspeakable acts on my person as I sleep?” I said. “My dream had just reached a particularly interesting juncture. Your timing is as impeccable as ever, my dear fellow.”
He paused and looked away towards the path we had taken from the house, as though checking that no one had thought to follow us. Taking a deep breath, he met my eyes with a look of determination that I remembered from our schooldays.
“Then her life really is in danger,” I said.
Sherlock sighs and closes his eyes. The laws of physics are inconvenient sometimes. But maybe after all it’s nicer this way.
“Please forgive me,” she said, her agitation clear in her voice and the pallor of her face. “I am very sorry to disturb you so late, but I must speak urgently with Mr Sherlock Holmes.”
By the time Holmes and I set out to meet Miss Morstan that evening, I had had time to reflect on my situation. My growing attraction to Holmes had begun to threaten the semblance of a life I had managed to build, and I determined that I had urgently to take steps to ensure that an incident of the sort that had passed between us the previous evening should not happen again. I fancied I had not misread the look in Miss Morstan’s eyes as she left the interview with Holmes and I determined that the best possible course of action for both my own and Holmes’ future happiness was to find out for sure. Though I knew myself to be a shadow of my former self – a failed doctor with a feeble mind and a feebler bank account – if Miss Morstan were indeed enamoured of me, I should be a fool to pass up the chance of seeing where our mutual interest might lead.
John gives another little huff of laughter, warm breath gusting across Sherlock’s shoulder.
“But she is a married woman,” I said, unaccountably keen to remind him of this fact.
“Well, I’m alive. No thanks to you.”
“Fifteen minutes? I hardly think that’s very charitable. Several hours elapsed, at the least, even if we did pause in between once or twice.”
It was a weary day. Phelps, sensing my distraction, tried to engage me in conversation, but his own troubles and his long illness had left him weak and out of sorts. In vain, I in turn endeavoured to interest him in tales of Afghanistan, seeking to keep his thoughts far from the missing treaty and the spectre of his former lover. His mind circled on the same well-worn tracks as he fretted over the investigation, torn between fear and hope that perhaps Holmes might yet prove the answer to his misfortunes. Once or twice, he valiantly attempted to distract me with talk of politics and social questions, while my mind tended to my own fears and my own distant hope. I do not believe that either of us slept much that night, me in my own familiar bed and Phelps in Holmes’, where I had only once dared to let myself sleep.
We were in the grounds of a wealthy client whom Holmes had not twelve hours earlier saved from a gruesome and decidedly painful death. I had expected us to depart for London after breakfast. Only now was I beginning to see why Holmes had insisted on exploring the gardens before our departure. In the six months since I had declared myself his, in every way I knew how to be, he had ceased to intimidate or discomfort me, but he had never stopped surprising me.
He released me suddenly. When he struck another match, I saw that his skin was as white as paper and beads of sweat were standing out on his brow.
Then I was forced to smother a laugh as he rolled his eyes at me, wearing the expression he wore when a client asked a particularly obtuse question. He looked down at my chest, focusing on my buttons once more, but I didn’t miss the small slide that tilted one corner of his mouth as he undid the last one and pushed my shirt from my shoulders, smoothing both his hands over the planes of my chest, pausing to pinch one of my nipples between clever fingers until I gasped.
“I will hope that luck smiles on me, then,” he said over his shoulder, as he made his way down the stairs.
“So Dr Roylott, you created a fake crime scene that successfully fooled Anderson. Congratulations. You're officially smarter than one of the stupidest men in London,” he says, just before Anderson punches him.
“I do,” I said, and it had the ring of a solemn declaration. “With my life.”
“I tell you how I feel all the time. You just don’t pay attention.”
“Watson?” he murmured, his head moving restlessly.
Prevarication was useless.
John lies still for a few seconds longer and then shuffles over onto his back, turning his head on the pillow so that he can meet Sherlock’s eyes. His face is bathed in a faint orange glow from the street lamp outside the window, covered with the thin white curtain that was there when John moved in and that he – accustomed to sleeping in much less tranquil circumstances – has never bothered to replace.
It takes him ninety seconds to slide his phone into his jacket pocket and put his coat on and then he’s out of the front door, John rushing after him. Annoyingly, he has to wait at the bottom of the stairs for their client to catch up, as he’s forgotten to ask for her address, but then the three of them are on their way to Stoke Moran and Sherlock’s more excited than he’s been in ages.
“Yes.”
Holmes eyes, when they opened, were as brilliant as ever, no longer glazed with exhaustion or the potent effects of opium.
“Is it unexpected?” said Holmes, smirking in a maddening way. “I rather thought that you had been anticipating an interlude of the kind we enjoyed last night for some time.”
Holmes placed his hand on my forehead and I turned away from him.
He favoured me with a brilliant smile that for a moment transformed him back into the compelling man I knew.
“It may be so,” said Holmes gently. “Whatever his intentions, I am certainly glad that he abandoned his attempt. Mr Phelps, your friend was not the man you thought he was but his sister is a good woman. I fancy that, just as they share certain similarities in appearance, they both possess the same strong spirit and ability to love with great fervour. But while Harrison’s flaws have turned him into a ruthless and dangerous man, I do not believe his sister shares his weakness of character. She is, I believe, everything that he presents himself to be and more. She has cared for you amid the greatest misfortune of your lifetime. I believe she will continue to care for you now that that misfortune has passed.”
Holmes had been working on a case while I was thus occupied, though he refused to share with me any details. So it came about that he suggested, being himself too busy to travel to Lausanne and track down the missing lady and given my own state of exhaustion, that a short holiday might be exactly what I needed.
Holmes began to pad towards me, his bare feet silent on the grass.
“Sherlock,” I said lazily. “What happened at Stoke Moran?”
“I told you then that the interest I had in her was no threat to you. I will not pretend that I do not admire her. But for very different reasons and in a singularly different way than I admire you. I never once felt tempted to tear off her clothes and do unspeakable things to her, for example,” he said, placing his hand rather high up my thigh. “Unlike me, you never had cause to fear that any woman would come between us.”
“So why didn’t you say anything? Didn’t you want me to tell you?
“Percy,” he drawled pointedly, drawing the name out.
John drags both hands down his face and clasps them in front of his bent knees. He’s angry again. Very angry.
Then he turned to face me again, continuing savagely: “Am I to be above such things, then? Is it to be acceptable for Dr John Watson to give up on his august career saving lives and abandoned his many friends, to waste his days following at the heels of a heartless automaton and to drown his sorrows in the whisky bottle every night, but not for a consulting detective with no friends and no lives to save to indulge in his own escape from the hideous mundanity of life?”
I had half expected Holmes to refuse to travel to Woking on such abstruse summons, but to my surprise he handed back the letter and turned away, speaking to me over his shoulder as he headed to the rack for his overcoat.
When John kisses him softly on the shoulder and slides off the bed to go and take a shower, Sherlock lies back and thinks. He wants to say it, he discovers. Just once, to know what saying it would feel like. After all, people say it all the time, let three little words dictate the direction of their whole lives and alter their behaviour. It’s nonsense, obviously. He’s always known that. It’s not like he hasn’t said it before, when he felt it was necessary or useful. People get so worked up about these things. But maybe saying it to John would be different? It would be an interesting experiment just to say it once, to himself, as though John were listening.
In the darkness, I heard Holmes push back to bedclothes and get to his feet. A moment later, his footsteps were followed by the quiet opening and closing of the bedroom door.
I do not know whether Holmes was trying to make up for offending me or whether he wished us to move past the silence of the last two weeks and return to some semblance of our old easy companionship but that afternoon he was warmer towards me than he had been for what felt like months. When we alighted in London, I expected him to hare off on his own, leaving me to return to Baker Street. Rather than ordering me home in his characteristically peremptory fashion, however, he asked me if I would care to accompany him to Scotland Yard. Despite my anger with him, a treacherous bolt of pleasure shot through me when I realised that I was once again welcome to join him in his investigations. For a few hours, as Holmes won over the hostile Forbes in a few easy words and masterfully questioned Lord Holdhurst, I almost forgot that we were so sadly at odds.
He walked swiftly to the window and looked out, into the fast-flowing, black waters of the Thames. I went to stand beside him. Lit only by the dim glow of the street lamps and the cool light of the moon, the river looked as dark and deadly as I had ever seen it. A shudder went through me at the thought of Holmes disappearing into its depths.
Holmes initiated our erotic encounters quite as often as I did, most frequently when we returned from tackling a particularly complicated or dangerous case. The high that he experienced after solving a particularly complex puzzle, he also seemed to find in danger, and once or twice when we returned to Baker Street after being held at gunpoint or engaged in a brawl, I could feel his eyes on me all the way home in the hansom. On those occasions, Holmes barely waited for me to lock the door before his clever hands were divesting me of my hat and coat, his lips pressing eager kisses into the curve of my throat. The fact that the dangers we faced had the same effect on my own libido elevated these encounters to the hellish or sublime. One night, when we returned from an unexpected tussle with an assassin armed with a kitana, I found myself so desperate for Holmes that I could even not bring myself to stitch up the shallow but lengthy gash in his back before I had slaked both our need. I pressed bruises into his skin and he kissed my split lip until it flowed red and we lost ourselves in the taste of violence as he had me on the floor, both of us smeared with sweat and our commingled blood and half-mad with desire.
Sherlock just looks at him and slowly John’s look of panic turns to irritation.
When they get home, John waits until Sherlock has hung up his coat and sunk down on the sofa before he speaks.
Often, during interviews, I found myself more interested by Holmes’ reactions to his clients than by the clients themselves, but Miss Morstan held my attention throughout her sad tale and I felt a fierce protectiveness rise in me when, describing her father’s wish for peace and comfort, she allowed herself a single brief sob. I abandoned my notes and scrambled to pass her a fresh handkerchief, just as Holmes opened his own notebook and began demanding the precise dates of the incidents she had laid before us.
He looked at me with confusion.
“What happened?” I croaked as Lestrade guided me to a chair, before turning aside to call for water. It was only then that I noticed the room was full of people. I glimpsed two constables, a familiar looking couple, who stood side by side in handcuffs, fury on their faces, and a small crowd who had gathered at the open door. Suddenly I wondered exactly what they had heard and seen.
Phelps seemed to mull over my friend’s words for a few seconds and then he put his face in his hands. He shoulders were shaking very slightly.
By the time we returned home, I was awash with guilt over my duplicitous conduct towards Miss Morstan and more miserable than I had been in months. Holmes had said nothing to me on the long drive back, ignoring my chatter about the case as he stared out into the darkness, deep in thought. He held a cigarette cupped in one large hand and it slowly burned away in his grip, smoke wreathing between his fingers, until he started suddenly and threw it aside. His thoughts had been so fixed upon the case that I knew he had forgotten it until it burned down far enough to singe his fingers. He had evidently forgotten my presence just as completely because when the cab drew up on Baker Street, he stepped down without a word and made his way inside without once looking back.
“I am admiring your collection of portraits of criminals,” I prevaricated. A sudden wild joy was rising in me. “Anyone would think they were your heroes, the way you have set them to watch over you as you sleep. Are you certain that you are content being a consulting detective and do not secretly yearn to become a criminal mastermind?”
“No,” he said. “You were not.”
The staircase was long and low and, though I am not a particularly tall man – particularly in comparison to Holmes’ towering figure – I twice hit my head on the ceiling before I finally made it to the dark, narrow hallway above, with its stained floor and peeling wallpaper. There was a single wooden door at the end of the hallway, in the direction of the room where I had seen Holmes. I rapped sharply on it, crying his name, but an ominous silence came from within. The attendant was behind me, staying out of the reach of my stick but admonishing me most vigorously in a high, whining voice. As I beat once again on the door, using the handle of my stick, and called out Holmes’ name, the attendant began tugging urgently at my sleeve. There was a commotion downstairs and a stout man with a handsome face and a head of thick blond hair burst into the hallway. He began to question the attendant in a strident voice as I set aside my hat and gloves and prepared to force my way inside the locked room.
Later, after the bemused village policeman had taken a statement and a weeping Miss Stoner had learned the true depths of her step-father’s evil and the tragic means by which her sister had met her death, Holmes and I returned to our room at the inn. It was near dawn and the horrors of the night had taken their toll on us both. Holmes looked pale and drawn with exhaustion. My limbs were heavy and my mind churning with fragmented memories of the night – the look of horror on Holmes’ face as he lashed at the snake with his cane, the agonised death cry of Dr Roylott, the glittering black eyes of the snake as it reared up with Holmes in its sights, the weeping woman who had found herself suddenly and brutally alone in the world.
It wasn’t until the three of us reached the station that I had a moment to speak with Holmes alone. To my very great shock, once we had found an empty carriage and settled Phelps comfortably, he announced that he was to remain behind in Woking.
“You do not know her, but she has a soul of steel,” he said. “She has the face of the most beautiful of women, and the mind of the most resolute of men.”
He was smiling with rare unguarded joy, so pleased with himself that my heart stuttered in my chest. Giving up on words, I reached out one hand to grasp the back of his neck and pulled his lips to mine. He kissed me with a tender hunger, pressing his naked body to my clothed one, and I revelled in the warm orange glow of sunshine behind my closed eyelids and the light whisper of the breeze on my skin as I thanked him for his unexpected gift in every movement of my lips and every stroke of my tongue against his.
I believe I was as shocked as anyone in the room when, halfway through a characteristic comment on the inefficiency of the authorities, Holmes suddenly rose to his feet and walked to the open window, where he took hold of the drooping stalk of a wilting crimson flower.
“I do seem to be experiencing some alarmingly criminal urges at the moment,” he said. “It would help me greatly to indulge them if you would turn to face me.”
She just stares at him. John clears his throat. A warning. Sherlock resists the urge to roll his eyes.
“At this moment, Mrs Hudson interests me not in the slightest,” he said, seemingly as indifferent to the new kind of danger I had brought into our lives as he was to knife-wielding criminals and vengeful killers.
“Even if Phelps had wanted me I would have had none of it and I believe you know it,” I admonished him.
He had taken the lead so firmly the previous night that I half expected him to fight for control, but instead he sank back into the pillows with a half-strangled curse, leaving me to relish the unprecedented sensation of reducing Sherlock Holmes to incoherence. A few minutes later, when he gasped my name, it was not “Watson,” but “John,” that escaped his lips. Had my mouth not been otherwise engaged, I would have been unable to suppress a smile of triumph as he finally succumbed to me, his hands fisting in my hair as he shuddered beneath me. It was not easy to win a battle of wills with Holmes, but on this occasion, although he had had the final word, I felt the game was mine.
“And this is not? Would you then call it a performance?”
All this flashed through my mind as I stared down at Percy’s letter. I could not ask Holmes for a favour, I thought, preparing to set the pages aside, intending to burn them at a time when his keen eyes were not crawling over my back. As soon as I set it down at the side of my desk, however, I felt a tug of conscience. Phelps and I had not been intimate for long and I had not been in love with him, beyond the infatuation that accompanies first experiences of the kind we had shared, but he had always been a kind and decent boy and I had no doubt that he had grown into a kind and decent man. To refuse him help, when he had sacrificed his pride to request it, seemed a betrayal of the childish but tender connection we had shared. And, after all, I mused, perhaps the coldness of his address was as much an attempt to protect me as it was himself. He could hardly acknowledge our former regard in writing, particularly in a letter that had been dictated, and I had no knowledge of the nature of the misfortune that had beset him. Hesitantly, I drew the letter back to me again, beginning to consider how I might approach his request. When Holmes’ voice broke the silence, he was so close behind me that I jumped.
“It had to be yours. Think, John. Yours is a double. Mine’s a king.”
“I know that, but why are you muttering about it now, you nutter?”
“But my dear chap, did Mr Holmes not show you his response to my wire?”
“I’m not! I wasn’t meant to get hurt. I miscalculated.”
“I needed to know how much liquid a standard double mattress would absorb from a man’s leg if it were severed post-mortem, frozen and then left to defrost.”
“What on earth is the trouble?” I said. Without meaning to, I had lowered my own voice to match his.
“I was clever, but I did not know much about medicine. She died two days later. For a long time, after my father told me she was never coming home, I thought I had killed her,” he said, still looking at the ceiling. His hand was cool and dry in mine. “I dreamed about it for years. I would wake up shaking, screaming for her. Sometimes I dream about it still.”
“Sherlock, –” I began, desperate to save him the pain of reliving it.
To my surprise, Holmes expressed a desire for breakfast before he would tell us how he had passed the night. I understood the ploy when Phelps raised the cover of his dish to reveal a small cylinder of paper. I was not looking at him but at Holmes, and at Phelps’ cry of surprise and relief, I saw his eyes soften. He broke into a smile when my former school friend began to dance about the room, holding the recovered treaty aloft, and was laughing by the time I managed to get him settled on the sofa with a restorative glass of brandy. Pouring another for Holmes, I pressed it into his hands, not attempting to hide the great warmth I felt for him at the obvious pleasure he took in having helped my old friend.
“You were knocked out. We think they used chloroform,” Lestrade said, when Holmes still said nothing. “The Shlessingers, as they're calling themselves – although Mr Holmes tells me otherwise – had scheduled a funeral for a distant relative this morning. It was a ruse intended to allow them to inter the body of Lady Carfax and of…”
I swallowed hard, reflectively, and spoke without thinking.
“Holmes, wake up,” I murmured. “Tell me what the devil is going on. What were you doing in that repugnant den and why have you allowed yourself to be arrested for a crime that we both know never took place?”
“That’s as may be, I can see no recourse but to take him down to the station for the time being,” he said.
Wainwright gave a growl of rage.
I must have been gaping at Holmes quite foolishly throughout his speech. Suddenly, in a flash of insight, I saw that what had been self-protection had looked to him like indifference.
John just looks at him. His ability to stay silent is one of his most irritating qualities. Sherlock knows how to use silence to his advantage but very few people know how to turn it back on him.
Perhaps our most gruesome and horrifying encounter with the darkness that Holmes so often pitted himself against was the affair of the speckled band. My account of the case of the Roylotts and the night that Holmes and I passed at their home in Stoke Moran summarised the essence of the case and its singularly grotesque features. There were several aspects of the events surrounding that grim adventure that made it a particularly memorable one, however, and that were by necessity expunged from the version of events that I saw fit to lay before the eyes of the public.
Sherlock’s hand stills again. He’s not sure whose heartbeat he can feel but it’s steady and strong, just like John.
My heart was singing at the look in his eyes but he still had not said the words.
“The case Holmes is engaged in solving is very sensitive,” I said, tearing my eyes from his still form and turning to the constable. “I must have a few minutes alone with the prisoner so that I may report back to him on a few crucial details.”
“Thank you, my dear fellow, but I shall be more comfortable in my own bed,” I insisted, willing him not to press the matter.
When I saw Holmes lying dazed on the sofa, his face white, his lips tinged with blue and his closed eyes underlined with great smoky half-circles of shadow, I thought he was dead. I dropped my stick with a clatter and sprang forward, crying out his name, but as I drew within reach of him, already feeling for his neck in search of a pulse, I saw his eyelids flicker and he gave a small moan.
What more is there to write of that awful night? Alone in Miss Stoner's bedroom, we sat in the dark, in utter silence, our ears strained for the least sound. I had only the dimmest idea of what form the crime we were to witness would take but the sense of foreboding that I had felt that morning had only increased, and my skin prickled with nerves as I sat, exposed and desperately vulnerable, in that dreadful coffin of a room. I was only feet from Holmes and yet I felt as if I were alone. I cast my mind back to the dark wait we had endured in the bank vault, an experience that, thought similar in its particulars, had never come close to matching the grim and sinister situation in which we now found ourselves.
“My dear Watson, it is entirely thanks to you that I find myself here. For all the fiction you weave into your accounts of our cases, I expected you to tell a rather more inventive tale to the inspector.”
A flush came into Phelps’ cheeks.
“You have never found my presence to be a distraction before,” I said, standing in front of him so that only a foot separated us and he was required to crane upwards to meet my eyes. The unusual reversal of our heights, he forced to look up at me, me staring down at his upturned face, sent an unexpected thrill through me. I reached out and ran a finger down the sharp line of his jaw, just as he had done to me that first night. I was almost as angry with him as I had been then, and I knew that he felt it in my touch, as my finger grazed the first faint growth of stubble atop his soft skin.
Sherlock freezes. His heart stutters alarmingly and then begins beating much harder and faster than usual. He closes his eyes and wonders why he feels like he’s just shot up. His body is crackling with sudden inexplicable electricity but instead of working better, quicker, more smoothly, his brain has slowed right down. John is still talking, squared up to Sherlock like he wants to punch him, but Sherlock’s mind isn’t working properly. He’s broken.
“Two or three days ago, I think,” he said. “I confess my last meal escapes me. It may have been breakfast at Baker Street. Things progressed rather more quickly and dramatically than I expected. I did not mean to be away from home for so long. I would have sent you a message if I could, but it might have undermined everything. When you entered that horrendous place and forced Mr Whitney to quit it, had you any idea that you were saving a man’s life?”
It was like no first kiss I had ever experienced. There was nothing tender in the way our mouths grappled with each other, his lips pressing against mine with bruising force. There was passion I had never imagined, even in my most fevered fantasies, fuelled not by love but by anger and submission and raw need. I tore at his shirt with something approaching desperation. I was already rock hard beneath the straining material of my trouser front.
I could not tell if he was referring to my assessment of Phelps’ intentions or to the solution to the puzzle and for a few moments I hovered awkwardly, half-words forming on my lips only to die away as I discarded them one by one. Once it became clear he had no more to say on the matter, I made ready for the journey in silence, fastening my frock coat with clumsy fingers. I bid him goodbye as I left the flat, but if he made any reply, I did not hear it.
“When?”
“It never occurred to me that you could feel as I did,” I said softly, running a hand through his dark hair, admiring the way it slipped through my fingers like fine silk. “I do not pretend that I have no qualities to recommend me. Before the war, in fact, I was thought rather handsome in certain circles. But you could have anyone you wanted.”
Suddenly, I remembered the police inspector waiting for us at street level and was shocked at the risk we had taken. Holmes stood and began to rearrange his clothes in the darkness. I felt something warm and dry pressed into my hand and realised that he had handed me his handkerchief, an uncharacteristically thoughtful gesture that brought an involuntary smile to my face. I cleaned and dressed myself as swiftly as I could, wondering just how dishevelled we looked as I ran a hand through my hair, attempting to smooth it.
I was already making my laboured way up the narrow staircase.
“I know that I risked everything for nothing,” I said, more softly. “I know that I should have consulted you before I tried to play the hero. I am sorry that I compromised your investigation. I'm sorry I wasn't able to save Lady Carfax. But it doesn't have to mean the end of our association. I beg you Holmes, do not end everything between us over one mistake.”
“No one.”
“Holmes,” I ventured quietly, when several minutes had passed and I could not erase the image of his horrified face from my mind.
He wants to press himself even closer, to keep tugging John’s small body nearer and nearer his chest until they merge into a single organism, all their atoms and molecules mingling until they are too entangled to ever be separated. It’s an illogical thought and not one he’s ever had before but for some reason it appeals to him. He tightens his arm around John’s chest, tugging him closer, so that every inch of his bare back is blanketed with Sherlock’s chest, and hears a small grunt of satisfaction. John’s eyes are closed, Sherlock knows without looking. He is already drifting into sleep.
“These are surely marks from where the key has slipped when you wind it each night. Such scratches are the sign of an unsteady hand. I meant no offense by remarking on it, but it is a sign I have seen before, in more instances than one, and it is always indicative of the same thing.”
There was a note of promise in his tone that made me stir in anticipation.
“I tripped,” Sherlock admits, almost under his breath.
“Admit it,” he murmured, as he reached forward and at last enveloped my aching cock in his sure grip. Lost in the feel of his hand working me in perfect time with the insistent thrust of his cock inside me, I did not reply. As my climax approached, his grip tightened almost imperceptibly around my throat, stoking the flames of my lust still higher. Utterly at his mercy, wishing that the moment might last forever, I made one final effort to fight back against his implacable will.
My mood was only worsened by the extraordinary appearance of Dr Roylott in our living room, just moments after his step-daughter had left it. His show of strength, when he seized up the poker from the fireside and bent it nearly in half with his gigantic hands, was enough to make a powerful impression, but it was his enormous size and malevolent expression, combined with his rabid fury, that created the impression of a dangerous wild animal caged within the body of man. I have rarely been as disappointed as I was that he left before Holmes picked up the bent poker and, demonstrating the power hidden in his sinewy arms and wiry shoulders, straightened it out again in a single quick movement. As he did so, he glanced at me, gauging my reaction, and I saw the small ripple of satisfaction that passed across his face as he registered that his performance had impressed me.
“You do not mind breaking the law?” he asked me.
Holmes half lifted me until I was kneeling in front of him, slumped in his arms, barely conscious of anything except the horror of my awakening and the pain in my head. He propped me up with an arm around my shoulders. With his free hand, he gripped one of mine so tightly that I thought he would cut off the circulation. Making an effort to see through blurry eyes, I saw that his lips were moving and realised with a jolt that he was still mouthing my name, a silent litany.
“Show off,” I murmured.
“What has my watch to do with my habit of imbibing,” I asked coldly, for it was clear that he was mocking me, though for what purpose I could not surmise.
“Nothing is the matter with me. I only wish I had left you alone with her. Perhaps then matters might have progressed more to your satisfaction.”
When Holmes pushed back the lace trim on Miss Stoner’s sleeve to reveal the bruises that marred the delicate skin of her wrist, I felt a thrill of sympathy beyond that I usually experienced towards our clients. Knowing Holmes as I did, I could see that he was similarly moved, though he gave no outward sign. It was the gentleness of his touch and the softness of his voice as he remarked on the cruelty she had been subjected to at the hands of her stepfather that betrayed an uncharacteristic tenderness towards a stranger. Although I had accused him of heartlessness several times, and I well knew that to those who were not as intimate with him as I he appeared cold and mechanical, I also knew that Holmes felt things more deeply than he ever allowed himself to reveal. Insistent as he was that emotion was the antithesis of the pure, cold reasoning by which he solved his puzzles and so helped his clients, I had seen how it affected him when he failed them. When he volunteered to travel immediately to Stoke Moran, I knew that he believed the threat against Miss Stoner’s to be grave indeed. The inexplicable fear that coursed through me at that instant was not for myself, nor, I confess, for our client, but for Holmes. I had seen him brave all kinds of dangers in the course of his cases but I had a strange feeling of foreboding.
When he began struggling to sit up, I pushed him back down. Taking hold of the arm nearest to me, I carefully rolled up his sleeve. The inside of his arm was covered with scars, some old and faded, turned silvery with time, others still pink and livid against his pearly skin. Holmes was unresisting as I made my examination. He said nothing when I dropped his limb as though it had scalded me and got to my feet, but I could feel his eyes on me as I picked up the syringe from the floor and carried it over to his desk, where I let it fall with a tinkle next to his pipe.
“I was afraid I would lose you,” he said. "I could think of no way to dissuade you from accompanying me that night – your bravery is one of the qualities I most admire about you, after all. I tried, nonetheless. I could do nothing else. When you were inside me, I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out how I felt about you. It was the most exquisite encounter of my life. And then, hours later, you lunged towards a venomous snake without so much as a pair of gloves to protect you and I thought that I would have to watch you foam and choke and thrash your life away before my eyes. I had thought that if I did not tell you what danger we faced, you would not have an opportunity to try to vanquish it. When you insisted that I should have elicited your aid, I realised that you would never stop putting yourself in danger as long as you were with me. I did the only thing I could think of to protect you without sharing sentiments that I assumed would be unwelcome, and would therefore make you feel either guilty or manipulated.”
“I am not engaged,” I said, through my teeth. I wanted to hit him. “You may call me a hypocrite, but our circumstances are not the same. I could have resorted to morphine – God knows, I thought of it at times. But I did not. You have no nightmares to destroy your nights and make you question your very sanity. If a dram or two of whisky is what it takes to sleep for a few hours without being haunted by death and awakened by screams, it is a safer medicine than some.”
He was still holding me when, much later, I finally succeeded in falling asleep, still wondering whose opinion it was that Holmes valued above mine – and how I had not known that there was any man in London smarter than the one I loved.
I pictured a small, narrow boy with pale skin and ebony hair, facing the death of his mother alone.
Holmes did not reply. His eyes were closed again, and he lay as though sleeping. Now that I had made the connection, however, the signs were unmistakable. I had seen morphine addicts before, doomed to remain forever dazed and lost, never having found their way back from the dreams they had escaped into to forget the pain of shattered bones and missing limbs. I had administered it myself, in Afghanistan, to the men I thought might live to see the next morning and been given it in my turn at the hospital in Peshawar, in those early days when my body was afire and I thought the flames would kill me. The heavy blanket of the drug had allowed me to survive my injuries, turning the pain from a scream to a whisper, still present but distant, waiting to pounce, like a vicious dog tied up just out of reach, slowly gnawing through his rope. But Holmes was a healthy man. I thought of all the times that I had been confounded by his sudden changes of mood, the days when he would not leave the sofa and the strange lassitude that replaced his fits of restless energy. The anger I felt caught in my throat and I almost choked on his name, swallowing convulsively even as I tried to speak.
“Miscalculated. Holmes, you –”
“I believe you mentioned that in your first fantasy I was on my knees?”
Then it was my turn to beg for mercy as the doctors stared down at me, muttering behind their hands. I tried to remember where I was and realised that, of course, I was in Candahar. The young red-headed doctor who had sutured the grotesque wound on my shoulder was standing over me, speaking to a taller man whose face I could not see.
“You’re blinking a lot.”
“You have Inspector Bradstreet here to thank for your arrest,” said Holmes, as the smaller man stepped forward and produced a pair of cuffs, still with a look of sorrow on his face, as though the crimes of a fellow inspector were his personal failing. “He agreed to help me once I had removed my disguise and explained the situation, despite his charming insistence that you were in every way an exemplary adherent to and enforcer of the law. His trust in you was such that I sincerely wish I had not had to shatter it in so bald a fashion.”
“For God’s sake,” John says. “Do you have to do this every bloody time, you drama queen?”
He was advancing on me as he spoke, his stance one of barely contained aggression, and his revolver flashed in the dim lamplight as he drew it with practised speed and aimed it squarely at my chest.
Reluctantly, I dragged myself from the warmth of my bed and began to dress. Holmes stood by all the while, watching me perform my toilet with a small smile on his face. Although he had by now many times seen me in a state of undress, I found that his unabashed scrutiny left me feeling exposed. I felt his eyes on my bare shoulder, with its patchwork of scar tissue, as I donned a clean shirt, and knew that, in the absence of carnal distractions, he was examining it with an unusually dispassionate disposition. I was well aware that my long-engrained soldierly habits expressed themselves in a spare, practical way of moving, the antithesis of Holmes’ intrinsic elegance. Despite his masculine presence, Holmes possesses the fluid grace of a dancer and I was acutely conscious of the contrast in our manners as I swiftly and efficiently fastened my cuffs and adjusted my watch chain.
“Watson, pray excuse me, you know that I did not –”
“What?”
“When I was ten years old,” Holmes said at last, “my mother went to visit her sister. She was gone for several weeks. My father was a banker and spent most of his day at the office and my brother Mycroft had just left for university. I was left alone at home.”
I did not miss the undertone of mischief in the way Holmes responded to their overtures. When Gregson remarked on the complexity of the case, Holmes, examining his fingernails, remarked guilelessly, “Really? You find it so?”
“I felt that the imminent threat of your asphyxiation was more pressing than the need for a screwdriver,” he said cuttingly. “Though granted matters did move rather faster once we found one.”
By the time the appointed hour came for the woman to pay her visit, I was glazed with exhaustion, and yet my nerves were in such a state of tension that I was almost trembling. Holmes was as calm and controlled as ever and seemed to have slept for the first time in several days. He partook of an unusually hearty breakfast and it was I who picked at my food, my appetite subdued and my stomach churning.
“You knew exactly what was going to happen and you still let yourself get bitten. So what if the snake wasn’t poisonous?”
“But Wainwright is still at large while you are locked up in here,” I said, forgetting for a moment how Holmes despised it when I stated the obvious. “I never thought that my story would result in your arrest.”
“You were lovers.”
“I want you,” I reassured him, breathless, spreading my legs as wantonly as a harlot.
“You managed to keep up the charade that you were sleeping for fifteen minutes,” he said, and I could hear in his tone that he was suppressing an urge to laugh. “I had expected you to give the game away much sooner.”
“My abilities, then? I may not be able to straighten a poker with my bare hands, but I have my revolver and I know how to shoot it, if I must.”
Bradstreet shook his head, looking pale and sickened, and my heart went out to him.
“Oh for god’s sake. This again?” Sherlock drawls. John’s irrationality is infuriating. “You’re the one who joined the army. You’re the one who has an intermittent tremor that’s triggered by not being in danger. If anyone here has a death wish, it’s you.”
I awoke suddenly from a deep sleep what felt like only minutes later. I had been dreaming of Holmes, who had been looking at me with wicked eyes as he caressed me in a private train carriage, and my body had responded predictably. When I found myself engulfed by something warm and wet and achingly familiar, I thought for an instant that it was part of the dream, before jerking awake as I realised that the pleasurable sensation was all too real.
What I told him sometimes daily in words, relishing the freedom to utter the phrase I had choked back for so long, he told me in a thousand ways that I had no need of language to interpret. He told me every morning when he poured my coffee for me as he handed me the newspaper, open to my favourite section. He told me every time he looked at me with laughing eyes as a client sat in our sitting room open mouthed with amazement at some deduction with which he had dazzled them. He told me each time I awoke in his bed – the bed that had become ours, though no one but us could ever know it – shaking with the aftershocks of a nightmare, to find that he had silently enfolded me in his arms, and each time he quietly hummed the refrains of my favourite airs until I slipped back into sleep. He told me each time he called me “my dear fellow,” in the presence of Lestrade or Bradstreet or Gregson and I alone knew how to interpret the naked affection in his voice. He told me every time he looked at me and let me see that he felt just as I did – that he was in the presence of the most amazing man he had ever known.
“Are you angry because I put you in danger?”
“I was supposed to get angry,” John interrupts him. His voice is staccato and tightly controlled. “Why the fuck. Would you want me. To be angry, Sherlock? Hmm?”
“Where is he, then, this fellow soldier of yours?” the inspector asked.
I could not help turning to see Holmes’ face. He was reclining once again on the sofa, his pipe in one hand and his notebook in the other, already running his eye over what he had written as though my remark was utterly without interest. His tone had been so dismissive that it might never have crossed his mind that he might find any other human being on earth attractive. Perhaps, I thought, he never had. He did not seem surprised by my declaration, however, and I wondered if he had already observed the intangible connection that had sprung up between myself and his client. If he had, he did not seem discomforted by it. I hated myself for wishing that he did.
“I love you,” I choked, as I shook beneath him. I was vaguely aware of his arms tightening around me, pressing me closer to his chest. Only when I began to come back to myself, feeling the heat of my emissions cooling on my stomach between us, did I realised that I had been chanting the words over and over like a prayer.
He finally turned to look at me, his grey gaze very gentle. I looked away at once, knowing I had not been quick enough to hide the moisture that had risen in my eyes at his words. Then he was moving towards me and I was in his arms. Holmes tucked my head into the curve of his shoulder and tightened his arms around me and we lay quietly together. I could hear his heart beating slow and steady beneath the soft fabric of his nightgown.
“How distressing for you,” I muttered as I turned away, determined to get my coat and leave Holmes alone with his memento.
When I at last took pity on him and ceased caressing the heavy outline of his desire through the thick material of his trousers, I slid my hand inside his garments and took his swollen member in my hand. He closed his eyes and threw his head back, the cords standing out in his neck as he hissed through his teeth. I bent my head, intending to reward him for his patience but, taking my face in both hands, he held me away from him as he stood suddenly. Extending a hand to me, he pulled me to my feet, tugging me after him into the bedroom.
I knew from the look in Holmes’ eyes that he wanted to kiss me. As we were breakfasting in a rather crowded restaurant, he contented himself with flashing me his most brilliant smile and taking a bite of his sausage, eyeing me lasciviously as he did so in a way that made it very difficult not to laugh.
“Describe the room for me. Exactly. Be precise. You said there was some kind of vent above the bed?”
“We are not all as observant as you,” I reminded him, as he delicately began to tug loose the folds of my cravat.
“You believe that Harrison was in love with him?” I continued, when his shaking had subsided. “Why then would he encourage the engagement to his sister?”
“Of course not,” I said, pompously. Unconvincingly.
By the time Lestrade arrives to take control of the crime scene, Dr Roylott has stopped pretending to be dead and John has secured his wrists just a shade too tightly with a plastic twist tie to prevent him attempting to brain anyone again. His face has turned such a vivid shade of puce that Sherlock is half-convinced he’s going to have a heart attack before he can be taken into custody but their client has stopped sobbing hysterically and seems ready to give a statement. As Lestrade’s team mill around, messing up the crime scene, Anderson glares at Sherlock and keeps repeating as loudly as he can that Sherlock’s wasting all of their time, the women’s sister wasn’t murdered four years ago, it had been an accidental death. Some sort of fit. He’d been in charge of the forensics himself. Sherlock rolls his eyes and contemplates stealing Lestrade’s cigarettes.
“I must go out for a few hours, Watson,” he said. “I trust I shall see you when I return?”
John throws his head back so hard that it smacks against the tiles. The impact makes a hollow thudding sound and Sherlock fights the urge to lean forward and grip John’s delicate skull between his hands, to hold it still so that John can’t do that again.
He was looking at me carefully and I saw that he recognised the chord his words struck within me.
“You only said it when you were angry – and only when I did something dangerous.”
It was the insistent stirring of a certain portion of my anatomy that finally awoke Holmes. As I replayed our interlude in my mind, struggling to reconcile the passionate man in whose bed I had passed the night with the detached, machine-like consulting detective I had come to know over the preceding months, my physical response put an end to my attempt to remain still. The most intimate part of me began nudging insistently against the underside of his arm, leaving me with a horrible desire to laugh. I was not sure which means of awakening my friend would be more mortifying. As I attempted to ease myself into a safer position, I felt Holmes’ embrace tighten momentarily around my waist and then he released me and I heard him stirring behind me. To my shame, I found that I could not bring myself to turn and face him. I had no idea who this Holmes was and no way of knowing how he might expect me to behave around him. That the bitter fight of the previous night had fuelled our passion was beyond doubt and I had no idea whether he would awaken amorous or angry. Throughout all the hours of our ardent explorations, we had not exchanged more than a few words.
I took a small puff of my own pipe, attempting to hold the fragrant, toxic smoke in my mouth and avoid drawing it into my lungs. The room was so full of fumes that I knew I could not prevent myself from suffering some effects of the opium, which was seeping into my system every time I drew breath. Such was my state of nervous tension that the time seemed to pass even more slowly than it had when I was out in the cold. Eventually, I saw a man slide into the berth beside Whitney and knew from the set of his shoulders and the shape of his head that it was Wainwright. The inspector handed Whitney a new pipe and two men talked together for a few minutes, as I, making certain that I was unobserved, set aside my own apparatus in a fever of anticipation. Then they got to their feet and made for the stairs at the rear of the long, low room. I stood up fast, my head spinning and my limbs as floppy as they sometimes were after a long night of drinking. Forcing myself to action, I moved as swiftly and silently as I could in their wake.
I pictured Holmes breathing life between my slack, dry lips and shuddered. With an effort, I pushed myself upright and found that I was able to stand on my own. Swaying slightly, I realised that I did not know why I was there, looming beside the open coffin, as unsteady on my legs as a new-born foal. All I knew was that I needed to leave that room, as quickly as I was able, and that it was imperative that Holmes came with me, and that Lestrade did not.
“Then it is over. You have succeeded.”
I had stopped walking. We stood facing each other in the first feeble spitting of the rain, tension reverberating between us.
“No one in that room could have failed to notice how I feel about you,” he interrupted me, almost angrily. “I knew what needed to be done but I could not stand there and pretend to feel only the concern of a friend as you breathed your last in front of me. At first I was not thinking at all, and then, when I began to be certain that you would recover, I could not bear it. The thought of telegraphing indifference as you lay there with blue lips, your chest barely moving, sickened me. I should have done it anyway. Instead I put us both in danger. I could not bring myself to call you Watson, to touch you clinically, to stand back as someone else tended to you. I could not even let go of your hand. So I cried your name like an idiot and clutched at you like a man who has just lost everything – in front of an audience of policemen and criminals. You ought to be furious with me.”
“I don't believe those exact words ever crossed my lips, doctor. And even if they had, surely you are a man of enough experience to know that words uttered during an interlude of that nature are not to be taken too seriously?. Even the cheapest dollymop learns how to say that she wants it and sound like she means it, if she wants her client to finish quickly and pay up in full.”
Several minutes passed as I struggled to make sense of the events of the preceding few days and how they had led me here. I was lying in Holmes’ bed, in Holmes’ arms, a place I had countless times fantasised about being, but had never dared to dream that I would one day find myself. The succession of surprises regarding Holmes’ habits, all coming in the space of a single night, had left me reeling. I was beginning to wonder if I truly knew the man at all - but I had observed him long enough to know that the fact that he was still sleeping was a minor miracle. I could only imagine that it was the aftereffects of the morphine that had dulled his senses enough to prevent him from awakening the moment I myself had stirred. He was as alert as a street cat in his normal humour, awakening from a doze at the lightest sound, though he might not stir at the sound of his own name when he was deep in thought on a case. In desperate need of some time to process what had occurred between us, I stayed as still as I could in the circle of his arm, schooling myself to take slow, even breaths, even as fragmented memories of the night’s activities began to come back to me and my pulse began to speed up. My anxiety over what might happen when Holmes awoke commingled with my growing arousal until I was unable to tell which was driving the increasingly frantic pounding of my heart.
“A Stradivarius,” she observed, in the tone of a lover murmuring confidences across the pillow. “You play.” It was a statement, not a question.
“I am sure I shall be of no help to you whatsoever. Nevertheless I shall presume to remain, if I will not be in your way,” I snapped.
“Take care of him, Dr Watson,” she said, that devilish amusement still glinting in her eyes.
He stirred against me and for a moment I regretted my selfishness in waking him.
“Holmes,” I whispered, very softly. “When we were in Montpellier, you mentioned one man whose opinion you valued more than my own.”
“I know you don’t want to hurt me. I saw your face at the pool,” John says in his careful voice. “It’s not about me, Sherlock. I’m a soldier. I don’t mind danger. I like it, you know that. When there’s a reason for it. But you could have killed us. Both of us. And for what? You did not need to conduct that experiment. You didn’t need to test the drug to solve the case. You solved it at the crime scene, didn’t you?”
He hushed me quickly, pulling himself up to brace himself above me, propped on his forearms, where he could speak directly into my ear.
I had already surmised that Holmes was not engaged in a study of medicine or any other systematic subject that would be fitting for a man engaged in earning a degree. Besides, he was a man of some 35 years, whose studies had surely long since concluded. Yet he had the habits of a scholar, despite his occasionally erratic interests, which veered from the medical, to the criminal, to the esoteric and obscure. He had an extensive knowledge of different kinds of tobacco – though he himself always smoked the same pungent brand, storing it, for reasons known only to himself, tucked inside the toe of a gaudy Persian slipper. He displayed a seemingly endless interest in different kinds of soil, often remarking on where I had been based on the traces of mud left on my shoes. He also betrayed an abiding interest in the little differences that make each man and woman unique, once or twice expounding at length about the minute variations of shade and texture in human hair or the unique points of difference that set aside each person’s handwriting. He even occasionally called on my own medical background to round out his own knowledge, enquiring as to the effect and efficacy of certain poisons on the human body one evening over supper, a strange line of questioning that perhaps should have unsettled me, but instead only increased my growing fascination. His attitude was that of an academic, yet his questions were those of a policeman or a criminal, and I spent hours analysing our conversations, attempting to decipher the key to his interests.
The first time John says it, he’s furious, left hand clenching and unclenching, smiling that vicious little smile. That smile is a weapon and it thrills Sherlock – except, for some reason, when it’s directed at him. Sherlock’s sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, bare chested, the side of his body a long line of blossoming blue and black blood below pale skin.
“How are you, Watson?” he said casually. “This, I presume, is your celebrated friend, Mr Sherlock Holmes?”
“No, a woman’s, and one possessed of a remarkable nature."
It was several weeks before I felt able to set the story of Lady Carfax’s disappearance down for the public. I found, in the end, that just as Holmes had been unable to feign mild distress at discovering me blue-lipped and on the verge of death, I was unable to write a scene in which he did so. Instead, I wrote Lady Carfax back to life. Rescued at the eleventh hour from an unthinkable fate, she lived to accept the love of a man who had risked everything to save her. Although much of the final tale was unquestionably fiction, it felt uncannily like the truth.
To my surprise, Holmes was laughing silently to himself.
The constable led me down a long passage, unlocked a barred door and preceded me into a whitewashed passage lined with cells on both sides. The stench of unwashed bodies was enough to make my eyes water. Drawing back a panel, he allowed me to look through into a small cell. Holmes appeared to be sleeping on a filthy cot, still wearing his disguise. With his eyes closed, the aged, scarred face was hideous to look upon. I struggled to find any of Holmes’ fine features within it. His lean body was still encased in ragged clothes that swamped his frame and it was easy for me to perceive how he had kept the constables from recognising him. Only his hands, with their long, elegant fingers, struck at me with their familiarity, arousing a fierce sort of tenderness within me. The yellow tinge that stained the usual creamy pallor of his skin made my heart beat faster in my chest.
Until that moment, it had often crossed my mind that, given Holmes’ extraordinary perceptiveness, I ran a great risk that he would at some point recognise my deviance from the normal paths of attraction. Yet he had given no sign that he suspected me to be in any way abnormal in that regard and I had made a careful effort to express my admiration for several of the ladies we crossed paths with, in the hope of alleviating any suspicions that might form. The thought that I might have given myself away in such a simple, unguarded moment played heavily on my mind, and I soon excused myself and went up to bed, where I lay awake most of the night. I did not know what Holmes’ reaction might be were he to divine that I was an invert, but I feared that, no matter how tolerant I could hope him to be on the subject of my personal affairs, he could not be comfortable in the knowledge that I was secretly lusting after him. It was mortifying to contemplate that he might believe me to think I had a chance of attracting him, or that I might be so selfish as to attempt to draw him into a liaison that would pose nothing but danger for both of us.
We lapsed into silence as I tried to piece together the preceding days, closing my eyes in an effort to ease my pounding head.
Sherlock isn’t interested in sentiment so it must be something to do with John. The thing about John is he’s a paradox. Not just in the obvious doctor/soldier, healer/killer way that every idiot can see. It’s his mind that interestingly contradictory. He’s morally rigid in a way that should be boring but isn’t because when he decides the circumstances warrant it he’ll shoot a man in cold blood and crack a joke afterwards. He adheres to social conventions, at least on the surface, and smooths Sherlock’s way with uptight inspectors and witless witnesses but he doesn’t try to change Sherlock – in fact he likes it when Sherlock is rude. He hides it well but Sherlock sees everything and he doesn’t miss the way John often has to hide a smile when Sherlock says what they’re both thinking. John is a realist – he invaded Afghanistan, of course he’s a realist. But he’s also oddly romantic. He may not believe in heroes but he believes in heroism. For some reason Sherlock, who knows better, finds that strangely endearing.
He closed his eyes and I kissed him softly, but when at last he looked at me I saw that there was still a shadow behind his eyes.
He was looking at me earnestly, his eyes full of doubt. It was an expression I saw so rarely on the face of Sherlock Holmes that I felt my heart stutter for moment. I took one of his hands and pressed it gently, careful to avoid the cuts on his fingers, which were still tacky with blood.
“That was different,” Sherlock says, exasperated. “Those were deliberate. Anyway, last time you were supposed to get angry. This time was an accident. I didn’t mean to end up in hospital. I hate hospitals. They won’t even give me morphine anymore since Mycroft –”
Holmes pulled away from the kiss with an insistence that was almost violent. “I can see why your particular interests might make marriage to Miss Morstan a less than appealing proposition,” he said. His lips were swollen and his chest was rising and falling quickly beneath his shirt, now unbuttoned all the way down to his finely muscled stomach, but his mocking voice demonstrated that he had retained his usual iron composure.
I will never forget the moment I first saw Holmes, bent over a table in the lofty space of the chemical laboratory. He was half-hidden by the mass of tables covered with scattered test tubes, beakers and Bunsen lamps, several lit and burning unattended, their flickering blue flames sending strange shadows leaping around the bare walls and across the high ceiling. My eyes had just fixed on his tall, thin frame, when he suddenly whirled around and began to bound towards us, clutching a test tube in one hand. I had a confused impression of great energy and a powerful, elongated body before my eyes were drawn to his face. His features were striking and unusual, fierce and somehow crow-like beneath a sweep of black hair, but it was his steely grey eyes, which met my own squarely from beneath heavy brows, that transfixed my gaze. They were alight with passion and a strange sort of burning excitement, which was explained as he raised the test tube before Stamford.
“Precisely,” said Holmes. “Succumbing to an attack of fever was perhaps not the most admirable response in a crisis, particularly for a man who has sworn to serve queen and country.”
“Thank you, doctor, for your astute analysis,” he said. “I believe, however, that it was not the lack of food that affected me but the opium. I was forced to smoke considerably more of it than I had planned and it seems to have left me rather far from my usual self. It was not the opium that threatened My Whitney’s life, but Inspector Wainwright. I have known for some time that a London inspector was preying on the vulnerable of the city and that it was at the Bar of Gold that he hunted. I made some discreet enquiries but somehow he caught wind of my interest. By the time he wrote to me, threatening all sorts of fabricated charges if I did not let well alone, I knew almost everything about his operation. A few payments gained the loyalty of the attendant who you saw yesterday and who is quite terrified of Wainwright. It was he who told me that Whitney was to be his next victim.”
“I came close to doing it,” he confided, pressing a soft kiss to my jaw, just below my ear. “It was a few weeks before the affair of the Red-Headed League and you had been staring at me over your newspaper again, with your thoughts writ plain upon your face. I had been fighting the urge to kiss you for hours by the time we went to see that Austrian violinist, Wilma Norman-Naruda. Do you remember? She played with such unbridled passion.”
“I have not yet decided,” I said eventually, noting as I did so that my answer was as evasive as the one he had given me.
In all the sleepless nights I had spent indulging in fevered fantasies about Holmes – fantasies in which I indulged every lustful thought that I had ever struggled to suppress in his presence, as he drove me half wild with his unconscious elegance, his damnable pride and what I had thought was his maddening indifference to me – I had never once thought about what would happen the next morning. In a way, it was reassuring to think that even had I rehearsed it mentally a thousand times, I never would have been able to predict the first words out of his mouth.
He shook his head, lethargically, and at last opened his eyes, peering at me in the glow of the lamplight. His pupils were pinpricks, his breathing steady but slow, and I felt understanding roll through me like a wave, sweeping away everything I had thought I knew about Sherlock Holmes.
“It is of the first importance,” he said, “never to let emotion intercede in business. And now, my dear doctor, I am going out. I have some theories that require legwork.”
When he did not answer, I could not restrain myself.
“If it is emotion that has led him to wait nine weeks before seeking to recover the treaty I can hardly bring myself to join you in applauding it. Had he displayed more presence of mind following the theft, the treaty might have been recovered immediately. As it is, two months have passed and he is still so forlorn that he cannot pen his own correspondence and must call on the combined forces of his fiancée and his former lover to aid him in solving a problem of his own making.”
He drew a cigarette from his case and lit it with a meticulous flick of his wrist. Lounging back in his seat, his long legs nearly touching mine, he took a deep draw and blew out the smoke slowly so that it wreathed about his head.
He lays out the backstory to the case quickly, setting the scene for the murder of the sister, but half his mind is still on John as he strides up and down the room talking fifteen percent more quickly and twenty percent more loudly every time Lestrade tries to interrupt.
Inspector Jones was so crestfallen when we emerged from the cellar with the two men, my revolver trained on them as Holmes gripped each by the upper arm in his pincer-like fingers, that when I told him – quite untruthfully – that we had missed his presence below and suggested that, in my dramatic retelling of the tale, I write him into the scene, so as to lend the affair a more official flavour, he agreed at once.
“I suspect they will find the nest empty,” the consulting detective replied. He hesitated for a moment. “Since the treaty is secured and it is clear who was responsible for its theft, I thought that perhaps it would make matters simpler if the authorities – and your uncle, Lord Holdhurst – did not have the opportunity to question Harrison or to take note of any wild accusations he might care to cast upon those of his acquaintance. After all, when a man has lost his freedom, he might perhaps decide that it was worth compounding his own sentence by admitting to further criminal activity if in so doing he was able to take revenge on someone he perceived as having wronged him.”
“I thought I saw a friend I have not seen since the war,” I said, wishing, not for the first time, that I had Holmes’ talent for fabrication. “I heard him cry out and, having thought he had been killed in Afghanistan, I was much surprised to see him. I’m afraid I quite lost my head and charged in here determined to speak with him.”
“She is married?”
The inspector spun around in surprise as a tall, lean figure stepped out from behind the battered door behind him. He had removed his disguise and his face was once more as familiar to me as my own. Recovering more swiftly from my surprise than the inspector, I drew my revolver and pinned the malevolent man in my sights. Sputtering with rage, he slowly lowered his gun and laid it on the boards at his feet.
“Sherlock!” I shouted. “Come back!”
He was rocking against me rather insistently by this juncture, the proof that he was enjoying this game as much as I was pressing against my naked belly.
I laughed, then, my anger forgotten for the moment. I was light-headed, almost dizzy at the turn the night had taken, and half wondered for a moment if I was dreaming.
He smiled at me, his eyes flickering swiftly to where Whitney was standing, looking dazed with relief and seeming not to notice the intimacy of our stance. After all, I reassured myself, it betrayed no more than the concern of a doctor for his friend and patient.
I swallowed hard. “She cannot have been very pleased to see you outside her house today.”
“I have no doubt of my abilities,” he retorted. “I wager that you’ll be exactly where I want you within ten minutes. Five, if I exert myself.”
“It is nothing that you lack that causes me to desire your immediate return to London,” said Holmes, a trifle impatiently. “It is a matter of concentration and efficiency. I shall think more clearly and act more swiftly if I work alone.”
“I am a police inspector,” he responded calmly. “I was passing by when I heard shouting and the sounds of a struggle. I am not currently on duty but I am happy to be of service if you will only tell me what compelled you to shout like that.”
“If you are not in the right humour for detective work, you need not concern yourself with it. I do not imagine I shall need your assistance at this stage of proceedings.”
“Last night, what did I say to you?” I whispered.
Having questioned me as to my tastes the first time he played, he would often begin with a few of my favourite airs. As the evening went on, however, he would abandon the familiar strains of the composers we both admired and instead drift into melodies that I did not recognise. These tunes were invariably beautiful yet mournful, meandering airs that would return again and again to a simple sad refrain. After realising that he never seemed to play the same melody twice, I began to wonder if the music was of Holmes’ own composition. When he played in this manner, he would seem to lose himself utterly in the music, closing his eyes and swaying his lean frame from side to side, and I often wondered if he was aware that I was still in the room, listening to the sounds of his sorrow. These haunting songs often triggered unexpected memories. Sometimes I was plunged unexpectedly into sensations from my childhood, remembering the crisp cold air of Edinburgh in autumn or the scent of warm hay in the barn during harvest season. At other times I would be reminded of one of the few peaceful moments during my campaign, when our brigade had enjoyed snatched moments of bittersweet merriment, always with the knowledge that our laughter was stolen and that violence and death would soon return to put an end to it. Once or twice, as I stared at him unremarked, I felt tears rising in my throat and had to blink rapidly and turn to watch to fire, in case he should cease playing and open his eyes.
As soon as the door of the cell closed behind me, I ran to Holmes’ side. His breathing was shallow but steady and his body was radiating warmth beneath his clothes when I took one thin shoulder in my hand and shook him gently.
I ushered her to the sofa and returned to my seat, hoping that the lamplight hid the flush that had stained my cheeks at the mention of Miss Morstan, whom I had so callously set aside for Holmes.
“That depends on your ultimate goal,” he said. “I was led to believe that you wished to prevent a certain union from taking place. Is that still the case?”
There was a strange tone to his voice and I found myself desperately trying to remember the roles he had played in my delirious visions, in a futile attempt to guess what I might have said in the grip of the fever. He was still watching me quietly, healthy and uncannily observant and so handsome and whole that I wanted to force him from the room.
“You are a contrary fellow,” he whispered. “I would gladly discuss your charming defiance further, but I fear we have deviated most grievously from the plan I had set in motion. It is the greatest luck that we have not already been interrupted.”
He gave a soft laugh.
Sherlock turns out the light. Then he peels off his filthy trousers, ignoring the throbbing pain in his side and shoulder, and crawls in behind John. He debates touching the stiff, silent form in front of him and decides against it.
“No. I suppose it is not,” he said thoughtfully.
I realised I was staring at Holmes in a most undignified way, my mouth agape, but Phelps had risen to his feet with some effort, and crossed the room to clasp my friend’s hands.
The second constable had disappeared down a narrow passage. A moment later he returned.
“I may be conceited, but I have already deduced that you like it,” he murmured against my ear.
He moved his head against the curve of my shoulder restlessly, nuzzling his angular cheek into my skin like a cat spreading its scent.
“After all, things did not turn out badly,” Phelps said. “I determined that I had forfeited any right to Annie’s heart and so strove to think no more or her – or her brother, who so evidently regretted what had passed between us. But as the months went by and Joseph continued as though nothing between us had changed, arranging more time than ever spent in the company of myself and his sister, I began to think that, after all, perhaps it was not impossible for me to have a future with Annie. It was evident that she felt as I did, you see – and there was already so much in my past that I could not tell her.”
“You don’t know Sherlock Holmes yet,” was all he said, and I relaxed, hating the way my heart was already thumping in my chest at the least hint of danger.
Holmes led us on a slow perambulation of the house, falling into step with Harrison while Phelps, who was moving even more slowly than he had that morning, lent upon my arm for support. I saw Harrison lead Holmes over to the fence, where they stood for some time, talking earnestly. I tried to focus my attention on Phelps, who I feared might soon be in need of medical attention, were his mental strain not alleviated, but I could not help glancing frequently towards Holmes. After a few minutes, I saw that Phelps’ erstwhile lover and future brother-in-law was leaning back against the wooden rails, looking up at Holmes, who loomed over him like a Roman statue. They were standing rather close and although I could not hear what words passed between them, I saw Holmes shoulders begin to shake and realised he was laughing in his silent way. Harrison was grinning up at him and wore on his face a familiar look – one I had felt on my own countenance all too often when I was moved to hilarity by Holmes’ infectious laughter.
I schooled my features as carefully as I could but I must have betrayed some flicker of emotion because I saw Holmes glance at me and then a wave of remorse washed over his face. I looked away.
“You certainly ferreted out my own flaws and misdeeds easily enough,” I said, somewhat bitterly. “Your speech suggests that you believe yourself above rummaging through my private belongings. But if that be the case, how did you know about the drinking? I have been very carefully endeavouring not to let my lamentable habit sour our living arrangement.”
“No offense, Sherlock, but I’m not really in the mood.”
“If I was a kind person, I would have leveraged your anger tonight to insist that you leave me, instead of declaring what I feel for you,” he said, his voice sombre. “I have not forgotten that I almost got you killed. It was not the first time and I fear it will not be the last.”
Sherlock leans forward, over where John’s palms are splayed warm and unyielding against his bare chest, and licks up the side of his friend’s neck towards his jaw, feeling the rasp of stubble under his tongue. He draws back when John jerks his head away. This isn’t how he usually responds, even when Sherlock has annoyed him. Something is wrong.
“I own nothing of the kind,” I said, choosing not to raise the fact that I had allowed myself to stare at him so avidly only because I had thought that his eyes were closed. “And, as of last night, you can hardly claim to have been subtle about your own interests.”
“Fine,” he says, in his long-suffering voice. “I promise you the next time I’m chasing down a suspect I won’t get myself stabbed or get hit by a car or jump of a roof. At least without informing you first.”
“I met him in London almost a year ago,” he replied, the speed of his words betraying his agitation. “We became friends and soon began to spend a great deal of time together. He would often come to meet me at my office and we would pass the evening together at my club. Once or twice he came down to Woking to spend the weekend. He was interesting and driven and I admit I admired him, very deeply, but things are not as they once were.”
Holmes stepped very deliberately in front of me, bringing us chest to chest. I had to tilt my head back to see his eyes. The movement brought my lips very close to his.
“I do,” he acknowledged, watching her.
“Happily for myself and my friend here, I do not think it will be necessary for us to trade accusations before the law,” he said. “I know you, Wainwright. I have been studying you for longer than you know. I had my suspicions in the case of Johnson and I made certain to take certain precautions. When Broadhead disappeared, I had the confirmation I needed.”
My heart was beating too quickly and my breathing was too fast. I knew that Holmes would notice – had already noticed. He noticed everything. I sat frozen, kneeling before him like a supplicant worshipping at the feet of an indifferent god. He was moving now, sliding sinuously forward off the sofa to sprawl beside me on the floor. The smile on his face was one of challenge.
Despite our sense of urgency, all our enquiries in London came to nothing. By the time three days had passed, Holmes was brooding and distracted, his mood as black as it often was when he had no case at all. I, too, was usually pensive and out of sorts. I kept finding my thoughts returning to the way Holmes had concealed the details of one case from me and then hidden his presence in the same town in the service of another. Although I did not expect him to share every detail of his life and work, I could not help feeling that on occasion he treated me more like a servant than an equal, sending me forth to enact his orders and expecting me to keep him informed of my every word and action, without seeing fit to inform me of his reasons or update me on his discoveries and intentions. When Holmes received word that a piece of jewellery certainly belonging to Lady Carfax had been pawned, he regained his formidable energy in an instant, like a hunter who suddenly glimpses his lost quarry through the trees. He was determined to ferret out his prey at the pawn shop – and I was determined to be of some use. Though Holmes warned me that it would be a most uninteresting task, I insisted most forcefully – and in the face of several objections – that I be the one to wait in Bovington’s for the man masquerading as Dr Shlessinger to return.
“You need not say more,” I assured him. “I am well aware that succumbing to an attack of fever when your country needs you is not an attractive or estimable quality in a man.”
John slides down until he’s slumped against the wall and puts his head in his hands. Sherlock knows exactly how he feels. That had not gone as expected. He’d found the drug at the crime scene and taken it before Lestrade’s team could bag it up – not that they were in any danger of deducing its existence, let alone finding it. Only Sherlock had even realised that it had to have been some sort of gas or smoke that had killed their victim and left her two brothers delirious with laughter and wracked with hallucinations that showed no signs of wearing off. He’d spotted a wooden incense burner with the end of what looked a joss stick stuck in it and known immediately that he’d found the solution. It was too red, too lumpy – clearly homemade. He’d swiped it when Lestrade was distracted, wrapped it in a tissue and put it in his coat pocket. He’d sent John off to interview the third brother – unnecessary but it would keep him busy for an hour or two – and run all the tests he could think of on it at Bart’s. He’d learned nothing except that it was some sort of organic vegetable or root matter mixed with a rudimentary charcoal and sawdust burning agent. He still didn’t understand how it worked. So when he got home, he told John he had almost cracked the case – true, after all, as the answer was in his pocket – and asked if he wanted to watch the experiment. It wasn’t like he could have known what would happen. The victim had been inhaling the stuff for hours – how on earth was he to have deduced that it would have such a drastic effect in a matter of seconds?
“Do it,” I urged him and he pushed home in a single exquisite slide, our ragged breaths combining to form a single loud gasp.
“Let us go and find out,” he said.
When I descended the narrow staircase from my bedchamber to find a stranger named Mr Merryweather and a Yard man named Jones standing in the living room, I was shocked to learn that they would be accompanying us on our venture. Suddenly certain that the inspector would divine at a glance what had passed between Holmes and I, I found myself unusually silent as Holmes took his hunting crop from the rack and urged us all out into the street, Jones making an unfortunate comment about “hunting in couples again,” as we climbed into the waiting cab.
“You underestimate Dr Watson, Inspector Wainwright,” a familiar voice said.
At my look of surprise, he lips twitched in the tiniest suggestion of a smile.
So infrequently did Holmes say those words that I closed my eyes and tried to imprint every tiny detail of the moment upon my mind, from the blades of grass pressing patterns into my skin, to feel of the sun on my face, the quiet rhythm of his breath beside me and the feel of his scarred hand in mine. Since admitting the depths of his feelings for me, Holmes had never tried to deny or conceal them, but he was still the same man. At his core, I understood – as no others did, save perhaps for his brother – that he was capable of great empathy, but he was not a demonstrative man and rarely felt the need to articulate the sentiment that I often saw shining out at me from his eyes.
“They planned to bury you in the same coffin, Dr Watson,” Lestrade said somewhere above me, his voice hushed but steady. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Holmes make a brisk, abortive movement.
It had been John who had thrown the remains of a cup of tea over the burning drug and wrestled Sherlock out of the kitchen into the hall, slamming the door and half-dragging him to the bathroom. Sherlock had been leaning over the stuff when he’d set it alight and had inhaled a lung full of the smoke immediately. Maybe one of the experiments he’d run had destabilised it because the stick had burned like a sparkler, crackling madly as it filled the room with toxic smoke quicker than he would have thought possible. If John hadn’t moved as quickly as he had, they’d both be as dead as their murder victim. Sherlock doesn’t particularly want to remember the thoughts that went through his mind as he lay on the bathroom floor listening to John swearing between bouts of retching. Whatever the drug is, it’s clearly not recreational. No one would pay to experience that.
“My dear fellow, are you quite alright?” I said, drawing closer and placing a hand on his brow. His skin was clammy to my touch but there was no trace of fever, despite his disjointed, agitated manner of speech.
I nodded against his cheek, too focused on the electric feel of him and the intoxicating sound of his voice in my ear to speak.
“I always enjoy surprising you,” he said, as though the thought had only just occurred to him.
All throughout my confused, stammering statement, in which I repeated the same fabulous tale of the miraculously vanishing man - whose name I was forced to invent via the simple means of combining the first and last names of two men who had in fact served with me in the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers - Holmes lay still and expressionless. I had no way of knowing what he made of my story.
“I believe it is your aid he is seeking, not mine,” I snapped. “And he hardly dithered out of choice. He has only just recovered from his fever.”
He’s not looking at Sherlock and that’s wrong. He should be glaring, full of tension, larger and stronger, not smaller and weaker. He should be telling Sherlock he loves him, not what? Breaking up with him? Is that what's happening here? Sherlock feels sick, all of a sudden.
It takes Sherlock three strides to reach him, one hand coming up to tilt John’s face towards his even as his mouth descends. The contact lasts two seconds, their teeth clashing, before John shoves him off.
“Most of us, occasionally, yeah,” he says.
“I what?”
I believe we were both glad to arrive quickly at our new lodgings, which I found to be comfortably furnished and altogether desirable. To my great relief, I learned that while Holmes was to take the downstairs bedroom, my own was located up a flight of narrow stairs, where any sounds I might make during my troubled nights would be unlikely to penetrate to Holmes’ ears. That very evening, I moved my few possessions from the hotel to our new home and the following day Holmes arrived with several boxes and portmanteaus in tow. Over the next few days, we began to settle into an easy rhythm. Despite his claim to work from home, I found that Holmes was often from the flat, perhaps pursuing his experiments at the laboratory. Once or twice, he returned covered with mud and sadly dishevelled, explaining only that he had taken a long walk and that his route had led him to some of the lowest portions of the city.
Whitney was unsteady on his feet and twice stumbled as they made their way up the stairs, the inspector reaching out one brawny arm to steady him. So laboured was their progress that I reached the top of the stairs only a few paces behind them. The door had been shoddily placed back on its hinges and Wainwright was just entering the room, about to pull it closed behind him, when he saw me round the top of the stairs and a stark look of fury dawned on his handsome features.
“Joseph?”
“But not surprised that I feel it. Why?”
“Has there been a development?” I asked, smiling at him. The whiskey I had imbibed while I waited for him was beginning to take effect and I found myself quite mesmerised by the sharp angle of his jaw in the lamplight and the line of his shoulders beneath his beautifully tailored waistcoat.
The man grumbled but I was both taller and stronger than him and when I drew back my coat to reveal the glint of the revolver at my hip he gestured for me to follow him. Mr Whitney was slumped in a berth at the back of the long room, yellow and weak and so high that he refused to believe that two days had elapsed since he entered the space, insisting that he had seen his poor wife only that morning. I took him under the arm and bundled him towards the street, hoping that the shock of the cold air might help to restore some measure of sobriety. We were standing in the dark alleyway and I was cursing as I realised that my cab driver had not waited, when I chanced to glance up at the first floor of the building, where a single lamp burned. There was a tall, lean man standing framed in the open window and to my shock, I recognised the thick black hair, the delicate cheekbones and the strong, aquiline nose. It was Sherlock Holmes. No sooner had I recognised him than he gave a strange cry, as though of surprise or pain, and vanished from the window.
“My dear boy, I knew that I was the better placed of the two of us to deal with that particular problem,” Holmes drawled, in the tone he used when he was unutterably bored by a client who persisted in asking questions he deemed foolish. “Had Dr Roylott rushed at us with a poker, or any other deadly implement he happened to keep near his person, your presence might indeed have been invaluable, but I did not suppose that even you would need me to explain prior to the event that a large man attempting to cave in one of our skulls might benefit from the attention of your revolver.”
“Then we must return to Baker Street today,” he said. “I could not very well include the reason for my question in a wire but you shall have it now, as it is the detail on which the whole affair hinges. It proves that, as I feared, Lady Carfax has become entangled with an exceptionally dangerous couple, a fake missionary and his wife who prey on lonely ladies. If they got wind of the fact that Lady Carfax is in possession of jewellery worth a small fortune, there is little doubt that they made her their next target. They will stop at nothing to make the decision worth their while.”
It was so rare to hear Holmes beg that I couldn’t resist drawing out his anticipation just a little longer. Rather than sliding my lips around his length, I lowered myself further down and took one of his testicles into my mouth, sucking lightly until he moaned. His fingers slid into my hair and tightened as I ministered to the other. Gripping my locks in both hands, he angled my head upwards so that he could see my face.
I stared at him for a long minute or two, revelling in my freedom to admire every detail of his lean form and abstracted expression without any need for concealment. At last he came to the end of whatever path his thoughts had led him down. Belatedly, he noticed the direction of my gaze. Deducing immediately the direction in which my own thoughts had tended, he turned and ran his eyes over me, slowly and deliberately, in such a mischievous yet sensual way that I felt myself beginning to stir beneath my light linen trousers. Then he smiled and without a word began to loosen his cravat, letting it fall beside him. I watched, confused, as he methodically removed his waistcoat, collar and cuffs, depositing them in a neat pile on the sun-warmed grass. To my shock, he then began to undo the buttons of his shirt.
His fingers were caressing my jaw by this time and I tilted my head to press a kiss to his bandaged hand.
“Then I’m your man.”
“Holmes,” I murmured, my face very close to his. “I am taking you home. You should not have come. Even with your remarkable constitution, you cannot forgo food and sleep and water for days on end.”
“Watson, I did not mean – ” he began.
“What scratches? My watch has no scratches.” Taking it from my pocket and unfastening the chain, I flourished it at him across the table.
“Had you such a shameful weakness, should you wish to parade it in front of me?”
“I do not believe that we need to provide Holmes with all the details of the rift between you and Mr Harrison,” I said carefully. “But he is a man whose career is built on discretion. You have my word that you can trust him with whatever you may wish to confide. I am sure that he would be interested to learn that your brother-in-law has expressed opposition to the marriage, whether or not it has any basis on the matter of the treaty. I will wire for him to join us, if you have no objection, and we will see if he cannot aid you in both matters.”
Never by word or gesture had Holmes suggested the possibility of such an encounter. He was so natural a leader, both in and out of bed, that switching the roles into which we had so naturally fallen had never occurred to me. To my surprise, however, a dark thrill blossomed within me at the thought and I felt my member twitch with excitement. When I leaned forward to kiss him, I found that he was trembling very slightly in my arms. I wondered if I should be ashamed by the fact that his loss of control only sent a further pulse of arousal through me. Wordlessly, I began to unbutton his shirt, my eyes fixed on his until our locked gaze had held so long that it began to feel dangerous. I turned aside then, busying myself with removing his clothes. I was afraid of what, eventually, he must surely see in my eyes.
“Boring. Can't help you,” he says, and she stutters to a halt in the middle of a sentence, looking questioningly at John, as though he’s responsible for the interruption. Perhaps she thinks he’s operating Sherlock like a ventriloquist’s dummy.
“We are both much changed,” I murmured.
“Who is on duty?” I asked, dreading to hear that it was Wainwright.
“Don’t be so dull. You’re not this boring, John. They were breathing it in for minutes, possibly hours. We were exposed for seconds. We’re perfectly fine and you know it. You’re a doctor. So why are you getting so irate? What business of yours is it what I do with my brain?”
Sherlock thinks about John’s voice saying those words. Angry but honest. John is almost always honest – with Sherlock, anyway. He must mean it then. Think he means it, at least. John isn’t always very good at identifying his emotions. He smiles when he’s angry. He may well have misidentified his feelings. Sentiment. This is why Sherlock steers clear of it. It’s the dust on the lens. The contaminant in the test tube. It compromises the integrity of his deductions.
Miss Adler did not respond immediately. Her confidence and self-possession reminded me unsettlingly of the man sitting beside me, but whereas in him I found the qualities compelling, in her I found them unaccountably repellent. Her eyes were wandering curiously around the room and when she saw Holmes' violin, lying on his desk where he must have placed it before retiring, she got to her feet and floated towards it. Running one finger delicately across the bridge, she turned to Holmes.
“I am afraid that you have been a comprehensive fool, my dear chap,” he said, when at last he pulled away. “But I forgive you. So have I.”
By the time Sherlock has finished his tea and texted Lestrade to tell him to hunt down the third brother, he’s figured out the common trigger. Both times John had said it he’s been angry. But not angry like he is when Sherlock experiments on him without his permission or scares off one of his girlfriends or leaves him to get an ASBO. Angry the way he is when he thinks Sherlock has done something reckless. Simple, then. He’ll need to risk his life again – or make John think he has. He sips a second cup of tea which has appeared beside him as he runs through scenarios. At least it won’t be boring.
I had never heard him defend anyone so vociferously, particularly someone he had set himself against.
“I see that you have been very methodical,” I said, suppressing the foolish smile that fought to overtake my countenance at the thought that he had planned this whole outing to surprise me. “What sort of experiments do you intend to perform?”
He had retained such remarkable composure that I might have doubted that he had enjoyed our encounter, were it not for the proof I could see beneath the untucked tails of his shirt, still held together by a single button. But when I sat up and reached for him, he pulled away.
“It's a mystery,” Holmes said. He was standing beside me, looking at the body of a young soldier who had taken a bullet to the leg and died days later, as the gangrene outpaced my saw. “I deduce that his other leg is the key to the whole affair, but we shall need luck and Lestrade on our side to find it.”
Looking as impressed as if he were serving the wishes of royalty, the young constable backed away.
It was not Holmes’ fault that I ended up drugged and unconscious in a coffin, minutes away from being buried alive. It never once crossed my mind that he might consider it to be so. Granted, it was he who tasked me with investigating the disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax, but it was entirely down to my own pride and impetuousness that I almost paid with my life.
“I did not for a moment think that you would,” Holmes interrupted. “Your attitude toward my habits, although hypocritical, is not unexpected. As liberal as you appear to be in your approach to sodomy, you are still a doctor, and men of medicine are always unbearably pompous and prescriptive.”
His face grew clouded for a moment and I felt a pang as I realised that – quite naturally, given the accusations I had hurled at him only a few minutes earlier – he had interpreted my words as a criticism. But then he smiled slyly.
I had already remarked Holmes’ reluctance to attend the case after Gregson’s imperious summons and the way in which he seemed to resent the police inspector’s high-handed manner and dismissive attitude. From my short observation of the man, it was clear that he would seize any opportunity to brand Holmes an amateur and question his methods, despite the fact that he clearly made a habit of coming to him for help. Although Holmes remarked to me that it was all one to him if the police claimed the credit for his work, provided that he was permitted the reward of solving the case, I intuited that perhaps, given how he seemed to feed on attention and admiration, he resented Gregson’s attitude more than he cared to show. As soon as his examination was over, he seemed to come to himself again. I saw him reassume the mantle of theatricality he had worn outside the building, playing upon his knowledge to impress and punish the two clueless inspectors.
“Either it hangs by a thread, or we are already too late to save it,” he responded grimly.
Holmes’ undivided attention is not like that of other men. It is as powerful as the beam of a lighthouse when compared to the pale glow of the moon. Ever since I had admitted to myself that I loved him, I had tried to avoid it. I kept him at a distance, to the extent that I could without eliciting unwelcome and unanswerable questions. Twice, in the intervening weeks, I had suspected that he was high – I hoped on cocaine rather than morphine – and had chosen, rather than attempting to find out for certain, to telegraph ignorance and retreat to my bedroom on some pretext. When he bedded me, I focused, as assiduously as I was able, on the pure pleasure of the physical sensations he aroused in me, pushing all emotion from my mind. As a consequence, his sudden interest in documenting each detail of my unremarkable morning routine left me in a state of some uneasiness. By the time I was ready to descend the stairs and meet the client who waited for us below, I was dwelling, not for the first time, on how deeply unfair it was that while Holmes was unsettlingly adept at reading my thoughts, I had not the least idea of what lay behind those inscrutable grey eyes.
“I am removing my clothes,” he responded coolly, as he undid the final button of his shirt and drew it off, baring his wiry torso. The sunlight threw patterns like camouflage across the lean curves of his shoulders and arms. “When I have finished, I intend to remove yours.”
“I am not sure to whom that analogy is more insulting,” I said. To my mortification, my voice was shaking. I clenched my fists so hard that my nails scored lines into both palms, knowing that he would hear it and deduce that he had succeeded in hurting me. “However, if my interest in you is truly such an inconvenience, I shall endeavour not to inflict it on you further. Rest assured that you need not fear my presence either in you bed or at your side in future.”
It takes him weeks to realise that he’s approaching it wrong. John hadn’t been pleased or grateful when he’d said it. He hadn’t been impressed with Sherlock’s brilliance or basking in a post-orgasmic haze. He’d been angry. Luckily, Sherlock makes John angry quite a lot – though almost always accidentally. It shouldn’t hard to do it on purpose. When John comes back from a shift and goes upstairs to change his clothes, Sherlock waits. Then the shouting starts, right on schedule.
When it was finally, inevitably over, I let the familiar mixture of relief and melancholy that so often followed the mindless pleasure of completion wash over me. I lay beneath my lover, gasping for breath, my body coated in perspiration and my heart thundering in my chest so loudly that I felt sure that he must hear it. Holmes had not detached himself from me and we lay like two survivors of a shipwreck flung onto the sand of an unknown shore, breathless and exhausted and filled with gratitude. When at last he withdrew, he paused to clean me tenderly with his handkerchief before he rolled over to lie beside me on the grass. I took his hand in mine, entwining our fingers as we lay looking up at the gently shifting canopy of leaves.
“Practice suggests a rehearsal,” I said, my attention still focused on his hands rather than the import of my words.
Initially, I had felt an almost overwhelming urge to apologise to him for my terrible words and had hoped that he might in turn explain his own, though I knew that regret was not in his nature. As the days went by and he continued to avoid me, speaking to me coldly and only when absolutely necessary, the urge to swallow my own pride - often eclipsed byhis but by no means non-existant - in hope of some form of reconciliation faded. My anger had been justified, I reminded myself. Holmes’ solitary nature seemed such an essential part of him that I routinely steeled myself against his unwillingness to confide in me, but by refusing to divulge the threat we faced at the hands of Dr Roylott he had put us both in danger. It was plain that he perceived me to be a liability, unable to protect myself, let alone serve as a protector for him, the role I had foolishly and unspokenly assumed for myself. The thought that he had attempted to shield me from the danger by sending me away burned within me constantly, an ache in my chest that grew worse whenever I remembered his cold voice telling me that my company was beginning to pall.
“You criticised the article, as you had every right to do, and I am its author,” Holmes said. “I have a talent for observation and deduction and I felt it time to put into words some of the theories on which my work depends.”
“I’ve already told you, I calculated the risk. Pay attention.”
“What on earth is the matter with you?” he asked, his eyebrows aloft.
“It is clear what has happened,” Wainwright said, when I had finished my rambling statement. “Your friend must have been pushed from the window and met his death in the river between the time you witnessed his cry for aid and the moment you burst into the room.”
“Two objects cannot occupy the same space at the same time,” Sherlock says. He pushes his nose into the curve of John’s neck, where his hairline slants up towards the shell of his ear, and inhales.
“I was under the mistaken impression that, despite your arrogance and your high-handedness, you considered me to be your equal – as a man, if not in intellect. I thought that I had your respect.”
“I – I’m sorry.”
John laughs angrily, a single dry huff of air.
“Shall I leave you, Percy?” the young woman asked, but he clutched at her hand to keep her beside him and I hoped that perhaps matters were not as I suspected they must be. There was warmth in his gaze as he looked at her and, whatever the nature of their tie, I could see that he held her in high regard.
“You cannot mean –” I began, and then checked myself. “Am I to understand that there was a certain… intimacy between you?”
“I do not doubt it,” he replied, running the pad of his index finger across my lower lip until I let my mouth fall open and he could slip it gently inside. “But that does not mean I am not grateful that his attention is otherwise occupied, leaving you free to practice your own remarkable skills on me.”
“You are upset because, having given everything of yourself to a vicious and unnecessary war, you have come back to London to find that it is cold and dirty and that you are alone. You believe that the steps you have taken to make your circumstances more bearable will cause me to lose respect for you, and you do not wish to lose my regard because, poor as my company often is, I am the only friend you have. What you do not know is that I also have habits that I have kept hidden from you, and for the very same reason. And what you do not yet understand is that I will not admire you any less because you have developed mechanisms for coping with your situation. We must all find ways to survive. Although I have not been to war, I know something of the banality of evil and the underlying senselessness and cruelty of the world.”
“A hypocrite I may be, but you can hardly claim to hold the higher ground,” I said at last. “You are the most conceited man I have ever encountered and cannot believe yourself free of hypocrisy if you hold anyone else in contempt for engaging in practices that you yourself have enjoyed, no matter how deviant you believe them to be.”
“So I can be of no possible assistance in the case?” I pressed.
It seemed all there was to be said. We lay, entangled on Holmes’ bed, in silence, as fierce joy and lingering sorrow warred in my chest. After some time, his breathing slowed and I realised that he had fallen asleep, curled around me. I kissed his forehead very softly and he stirred against me, tightening his arms around me.
“I know,” he said quickly. “It was not only that. I knew what you were considering when you met Miss Morstan. I assumed that it was only a matter of time before you found another such woman with whom you could foresee a future, one free from the dangers and deprivations that you will suffer should you remain with me.”
It was only then, through my dizziness, that I realised who lay within the coffin, her body dwarfed within its deep sides. Holmes had returned to my side but he did not touch me. A tiny vein was throbbing at his temple and only his eyes betrayed the inner turmoil he had so effortlessly banished from his face. I heard the door open and close and someone pressed a glass of water into my hand. I drank it gratefully, looking down at the knees of my trousers, which were rumpled and stained with something I could not identify.
"We're going to have to be very careful," John says, above him. "Don't want to tear your stitches."
“Thank you for staying,” I said softly.
“Go to sleep, you idiot,” he whispers.
I introduced them as briefly as possible, overcome with discomfort now that the two men were face to face. I was relieved when Phelps dove immediately into an explanation of his troubles, leaving me free to take out my notebook and busy myself with my pen, effectively excusing myself from the conversation. Holmes interrupted once or twice, asking for clarification on several points, as was his habit when interviewing a client, but for the most part he sat in silence, listening to Phelps’ tale.
All that afternoon, as I worked on recording a recent case in which Holmes had saved a woman’s life by identifying a coded message buried in a series of whistles that sounded like bird song, half my mind was on his return and the best way to properly reward him for that kiss. By supper, when he had not returned, I was a little put out. By midnight I was dismayed. It was unlike him not to send a telegram if a case had presented itself that required him to remain from home for so long a stretch. The following morning, when I rose to find his bed unslept in and no word from him, I began to be concerned. I spent the day in a fruitless effort to track him down, wiring to Lestrade and Gregson, questioning Mrs Hudson and even searching Holmes’ bedroom for clues, wishing I had even a fraction of his talent for turning data into deductions.
“I admit I had not foreseen that my scheme would involve a trip to the cells,” he smiled. “But flexibility is a necessary attribute for a consulting detective. If I recall correctly, it is a quality that both doctors and war heroes also possess.”
When she’s finished, he rubs his hands.
His voice was strangled and distorted with disgust and anger – it was the second time in a single day that I had seen Holmes lose his impenetrable veneer of control, and it shook me badly.
He took his leave of us soon afterwards and at last we were alone. Holmes, who I knew had been awake all night scaling fences, crawling around in flower beds and brawling with armed villains, looked as exasperatingly handsome as ever as he sprawled in his customary armchair with his long legs splayed across the rug.
I woke with a start one spring morning to find Holmes fully dressed, standing over my bed. We had retired late the night before and, unaccustomed as I was to seeing him in my bedroom, I at first thought I was dreaming.
John is silent. Sherlock waits, staring at the trousers John bought him to wear home from the hospital, horrible soft cotton things with a drawstring waist, obviously provided by one of Mycroft’s minions. John should have spoken by now. But still he says nothing. Sherlock doesn’t look up.
He smiled at me then, the urgency of the case forgotten for an instant in the face of my certainty.
Only when she was gone did Holmes tear open the envelope and take the photograph in his hand. He gave a strange strangled sound, halfway between a laugh and a cough.
“I don’t know how much use to you I’ll be,” I admitted ruefully.
He closed his eyes for a long moment and I realised that he too was teetering on the edge of release.
“It is true that your observations were not entirely welcome, but if we are to be friends, as you have described us, then it is time I stopped attempting to hide my failings from you,” I responded, as warmly as I could. “I am, as you have seen, a weak man. A broken man. A man who does not have full control either of his own body or his own mind. But should you still wish to call me your friend, despite my flaws, I would be happy to take on the role.”
“It is not your courage that I doubt."
“In my fucking bed.”
“But he’s an old man,” I objected again. “Surely he would not have the strength to push a strapping young soldier from a window. My friend was not a slight fellow and he was in the prime of life.”
Holmes stopped talking for a moment and pinned me with his most feline, calculating gaze. Suddenly, he took hold of the marmalade jar and, raising his arm as though about to bowl a fast ball, he flung it towards my head. He was still holding my right sleeve and, as he threw, his grip tightened like iron on my forearm. Startled more than I had been by any of the mornings’ unexpected events, and half wondering if he had gone mad, I lunged with my left hand and caught the jar just as it sailed over my shoulder towards the sofa, narrowly missing my ear.
“Turn out the light when you leave.”
Sherlock becomes aware that his heart is beating fast again. Is it the aftereffects of the poison, whatever it was? Increased heart rate and sweating – normal side-effects of vomiting. But it’s been a few minutes since the nausea wore off.
“I saw you staring at the marks of the needle on my arm. Don’t tell me you have forgotten already," his tone was cutting, cold and mocking and unfamiliar. "You thought it important enough to attempt to raise it with me only yesterday morning and it had a powerful enough effect on your opinion of me to send you straight into the arms of Miss Morstan. Do I owe you my felicitations, by the way? I rather thought you might return from your outing this evening with some happy news.”
John’s voice is sleepy, the muttered word a reflex rather than a real question.
John presses a mug into Sherlock’s hand as he makes his way past. Forgiven, then. He settles into his armchair and Sherlock slowly crosses the room and settles down in his own chair.
“You pushed me away when I tried to be of assistance,” I said, remembering the look of anger on his face and his strangled cry not to come near him. “I realise that you are accustomed to working alone, but I am not a coward, Holmes. I do not enjoy being kept in the dark, literally or otherwise, because you think me incapable of countering any threat that cannot be repelled with a bullet. I saw your face when you struck that second match. You were afraid. I know that you would never allow fear to master you but I could have helped you, if only you had let me.”
“Open your eyes,” he commanded, imperious as ever.
“As you know, my family is a prominent one, and I no longer have the same freedoms I did during my years at school and later, to a lesser extent, at university. I considered Joseph a dear friend and anything I may have felt beyond that I locked away deep within me. We became companions and confidants and I spoke to him often about my wish to find a wife. When he suggested that I meet his sister, I did not expect that we would forge such a powerful connection, but from the moment I met her I knew that she was extraordinary. I do not know how to explain it to you, John, except that I was fascinated by her – drawn not only to her beauty but to her intelligence and her strength. She is unlike anyone I have ever met. My admiration only grew the more I came to know her.”
“I am delighted for you, my dear boy,” I said, forbearing to remark on my own circumstances. “But I am afraid I fail to see what this has to do with the treaty or your unfortunate situation.”
My old school friend cast a curious glance at me and to my consternation I felt the colour rising to my cheeks at the question in his eyes. I attempted to look reassuring as I waited for Holmes to share his conclusions but he was still staring down at the drooping flower as he began to speak of religion. Outlined against the light from the window, his head bent and his eyes downcast, he looked oddly vulnerable. There was a hint of melancholy in his tone as he finished his rambling speech on beauty and what it promised, leaving a startled silence in its wake. I sensed Phelps’ questioning eyes on me as I stared at Holmes, who was still looking down at the flower as though it held the answer to the mystery that our client had laid before us.
“I can’t do this anymore,” he says.
Sherlock follows him upstairs, preoccupied with the feel of John’s short fingers threaded through his longer ones. When they reach John’s bedroom, Sherlock stands still and silent, letting John undress him and urge him onto the bed while he removes his own clothes.
“For what?”
“Nothing at all,” I said. “I am afraid I did not sleep very well last night, and I am simply anxious to see the case concluded satisfactorily. The affair seems to be becoming more tangled by the day.”
“I underestimated her,” he admitted. “I did not think she would play so obvious or so risky a trick and so I did not call her bluff.”
“Had I not treated you in such a cavalier fashion you would not have had cause to be angry. And that is not the only kind of danger you will face if you stay at Baker Street with me. Everyone is used to my eccentric habits and bohemian ways and I do not think that my remaining a bachelor will surprise anyone who knows me. It is different for you. Should anyone ever discover our liaison it would destroy everything you have worked for.”
I turned away, already regretting my outburst, but before I could move towards the coat rack Holmes rose from his seat and caught me tightly by the wrist, pulling me around to face him.
When I had stripped him, laying soft kisses on the planes of his compact chest and the bunched muscles of his arms as I did so, I pushed him back onto the bed and took him in my mouth, tasting the salty sweet evidence of his need. As I ministered to him, he took one of my hands and sucked two of my fingers into his mouth, laving them with his tongue. For a few seconds, his movements echoed mine in a sublime duet, before he guided my damp fingers where he wanted them. His eyes were closed, and I allowed myself to stare at the breath-taking angles of his face as I slowly eased a finger inside him. He waited, uncharacteristically patient, as I retrieved the small tin of Vaseline from my medical kit and sighed softly when I returned to my task, studying the rapt look on his face and enjoying his unprecedented submission as I slowly fed the fire of his need until he was biting his lip and thrusting urgently against two of my fingers and I was certain that he was ready for me.
Eventually Holmes capitulated, frustrated and slightly bemused in the face of my bullish insistence.
“Two identical fermions cannot simultaneously occupy the same quantum state within the same quantum system.”
I was his constant companion in these cases, save for the rare occasions on which, for no clear reason, he chose to investigate alone. Although his fanatical need to solve each problem put before him could sometimes cause him to stay out all night, or to leave the house before I awoke and return when I was close to retiring, he usually informed me when he planned to be absent, even on those occasions when he did not wish me to accompany him. So when Holmes disappeared one day, without a word of warning, I was quite at a loss regarding what action to take.
“Why the fuck is there a severed leg in my fucking bed?” Sherlock hears as John’s footsteps pound down the stairs.
“John, please. I am happy for you to dictate the order of affairs, as long as whatever you wish to do, you do it right this instant.”
“I am afraid so,” he said, glancing away. “Unlike you, she was dead when they placed her into the coffin.”
“I love you,” he murmured beside me, so low it was almost a whisper, and I squeezed his hand, too languorous to move.
“You are not angry?” I said.
“Holmes, I did not notice the needle marks. I did not know of your dependency until I discovered you half dead just now. And I confess I cannot understand why you, of all people, would choose to poison yourself in this way.”
“Not if there is the slightest possibility that you might need me,” I said. I did not need to ask what he meant.
“This old fellow is hardly likely to have caused any trouble,” he said. “He's a harmless old beggar who sometimes hands over a few shillings in exchange for a place to sleep when it's cold outside. This room was empty, so I let him have it. As to the clothes, they were here when he arrived. They are the garments that have been left behind by customers downstairs.”
“My dear Watson, I hardly feel I need to say it, but you may look wherever you like,” said Holmes. He sounded perfectly calm but the usual edge of humour that I had grown to expect was missing from his voice.
“Not at all,” I said. Though Holmes had never appeared to be in any measure repelled by my disfigured clavicle and blemished skin, I was often frustrated by my ill health and wished that I might better conceal it from him. Sometimes, though I knew it to be foolish and self-indulgent, I fell into maudlin reflections on what Holmes might have thought of me before the war, when I was hale and hearty and reasonably muscular and altogether a worthier partner for a man like him.
He flung this cryptic phrase at me over his shoulder as he exited the carriage and in a moment he was halfway to the station exit, flying through the small crowd on his long legs as though the devil himself were behind him.
I arrived at Phelps’ home in Woking in a far less curious state of mind than one might expect. The question of why he wanted to see me alone paled into insignificance as my thoughts tended unceasingly to Holmes throughout the hour-long train ride. That he had begun to thaw in his attitude towards me was clear but I could not help but feel that, despite his air of indifference, my decision to visit Phelps without him had placed another wedge between us.
“It’s the second law of physics, John.”
