Greg                      I merely stayed against the worktop, watching John get everything out that he would need, and I smiled softly when Mycroft looked up at me occasionally. I thought I'd done the right thing getting antibiotics.
Greg                      I let Rosie from my lap and times like this, I'd either go for a run or have a smoke and I couldn't really do either. I ran a hand through my hair and couldn't contact my brother with how scattered their Internet connection was. "Just a bloody slip of the tongue, Mycroft, grow up." I said as I got up and left the room.
Greg                      "Yeah... a bit." I tried not to visibly wince and knew I was going to have to explain this carefully to him at who Ms. Smith really was. I sat slowly, trying to stay relaxed rather than tensed.
Greg                      "No, no, of course not. I'm sorry about rushing off to the bathroom." I squeezed Mycroft’s hand as I took a bite of the dessert and didn't even notice I'd let out a little moan with how gorgeous it tasted. Food was definitely better over here.
Sherlock               "Mmmmm" I rumble, steepling my fingers under my chin and fixing my intense gaze onto his pants, "You are a vocal and confident man even when pleasuring yourself. I see my calculations about your size were rather conservative also."
Mycroft                 I kissed up along his inner thigh, finally flicking my tongue around the base of his cock. I looked up to see his head thrown back, a soft moan coming from his lips. I swiped my tongue along the underside of his prick, licking over the head. The sounds he was making were amazing, and went straight to my aching erection.
Mycroft                 "I fear in my line of work, I will always think they are a weakness " I sighed, "but I can trust you not to take advantage of it." I rested my hand flat on his chest, feeling his heart beating there.
Mycroft                 I leaned back against the headboard and smiled, my eyes closed. "Always. Occupational hazard." I smiled.
Sherlock               My smirk grows a little, "You were just thinking of getting another coffee so I made it easy for you. You would have asked me if I wanted one so there. Black, two sugars."
James Morgan      I come back wearing a modest outfit of sweats and old Eagles t-shirt. Holding up a bottle in each hand, "Jack or Jim?"
Rosie                     I wiggle and wiggle in hopes of being set down. "Down now. Please. Tank you." Forever passes and I'm still not down. "Now pleasethankyou!"
Mycroft                 "By the time I started university, my parents already knew what I was going to do - I had little choice in the matter." I finished my wine, and set the empty glass on the side table. "Uncle Rudy took me under his wing as an intern, and as soon as I finished at Cambridge, I went to work for him. Eventually, I replaced him."
Greg                      I didn’t think my singing voice was that great but I did want to cheer him up after all, my voice not too loud but not too quiet other to keep along with the lyrics. I swayed my hips a little and guessed he didn’t really know the lyrics.
Mycroft                 I coughed, trying to hide my surprise at Greg's comment. "Well, Rosie, did you want some lunch? Uncle Greg and I have already eaten, but I can make you something, if you're hungry." I got up and held out my hand to her.
Mycroft                 "Go... home... 'Lock..." I rasped, my eyes starting to get heavy again. The next dose of morphine was kicking in, apparently.
Greg                      "What are you planning for the rest of the day? I'm your head of security for the day rather than being an inspector with Sherlock." I said once I'd had a sandwich and taken the tea mug from Mycroft.
John                      “No... yes... no... I don’t know. I’m only just figuring this out, Sherlock. It would’ve been nice for me to work through this on my own. I’m not too worried about Greg, anyway. He sort of knew already...” I make a face. “And what do you mean “what you saw earlier”?”
Greg                      I sat in the gazebo and I know I'd snapped at him, it being very unlike my temper or personality. I was stressed about Adrian being in danger and then the thought of myself being more involved in his shooting than I once thought stressed me out even more. I sat back with my arms folded.
Sherlock               Slamming my fist on the desk I bark, "Mycroft Holmes....no wait, forget it. I'll find himself, " before tearing off again into the depths of the hospital, guided by my own knowledge having been there so much
Peter Harkness    I spot Mr. Lestrade coming out of customs at Dulles from the photograph I was sent by the UK Embassy when I got tasked to help them get the new team in place since the prior ambassador, Smith, had gotten herself mysteriously killed and her head of security fired. He was even more handsome in person so I was happy knowing my assignment with him would be to become as tight with him as I could. I just hoped he wasn’t as strictly straight as he looked. “Mr. Lestrade?” I call out as he nears. “I’m Peter... Peter Harkness. I work as an assistant liaison with the Department of Foreign Affairs and will be taking you to the UK Embassy and get you settled in. Do you have all your bags? How was the flight?”
Mycroft                 I smiled weakly as Lestrade opened his eyes. "When did I fall asleep?" I asked. I remembered a few minutes of a movie about fish, and then waking up in my bed - there was little in between.
Mycroft                 My eyes refuse to open, so I decided to identify the soft object under my hand by touch. Unfortunately, my muscles are not responding properly - I must be sedated, I realize - and all I can do is pull my hand to the side, and the soft object is gone. The talking in the room suddenly stops.
Greg                      "Uh, yeah… I am." I said slowly as I got my breath back by the fireplace, thinking that he'd jumped and moved away pretty quickly. I joined him on the sofa with my wine and I was trying to think of ways myself to lighten the mood.
Sherlock               Inside the room I'm sitting on the bed, dressed in my rather tatty and baggy pajamas, a towel slung around damp shoulders. A glass of bourbon is to my hand, my face lit up by the light of my laptop screen
Mycroft                 Without meeting his eyes, I turned and walked towards the living room. At least there, I could hide behind a newspaper and pretend to read.
Sherlock               Pulling my phone down a little I reach and tap the keys in the ignition, "Yes, yes, kiss kiss and hugs to you Mycroft." before lunging to attempt to disconnect Lestrade's call, "Now let’s GO"
Greg                      I am snoring away against Mycroft, unaware of Sherlock and John in the library.
Mycroft                 I laughed lightly. "Yes, he texted me with the same question, as a matter of fact... while I was out in the garden."
Sherlock               I resist the urge to roll my eyes, snapping, "Anaphylaxis. A severe allergic reaction to something her food. She died because of something she ate, something her chef must have prepared. A request for food that went through you."
Sherlock               My eyes widen, stepping towards the bed and holding my hands out, "John? What's happening?"
Greg                      I was in the kitchen putting away the latest grocery delivery when John shuffled through, my eyes seeing Mycroft heading first into the living room. "Mr. Cranky pants alright?" I smirked
Greg                      "What colours do you use for Daddy and Papa?" I ask as Rosie seemed to be off on that topic and I saw the grin on Mycroft’s face.
warned him that I was a terrible patient... Yes, yes... no smoking. Lestrade claims I'll be quitting."
Sherlock               Flipping the last of the papers I add a flourish that I'm positive John would be proud of if that was actually his signature, nodding, "Once I turn these papers over to the consultant you can leave with me. So..." glancing around brightly, "I need to get you packed to leave later today."
Greg                      "Is it a poison? Something else?" I ask as he's back on his phone and I wander over to what looks like a desk, my hands searching through the drawers and its where I find a diary. It might have something of use.
Greg                      "Why would I call you that in front of your brother?" I grinned at him and stuck my tongue out at him, following Rosie to her room to see what she wanted to dress us up in and I was going to have to have a nap soon.
Greg                      "Well, most kids are hyper at that age. I know I was and I was obsessed with aircraft. My grandad was a pilot and used to take me to work during the holidays so I could sit in the cock pit all the time." I smiled as I sat back into the sofa so I could stretch my legs over him.
Greg                      "It'll be nice to drive for once. I used to do it all the time when I visited family in France." I shushed Sherlock with a wave of my hand and I didn’t know the driver, so I doubt they'd get on with Sherlock
Greg                      I thanked the waiter for the food and looked back at Peter, knowing my grin was driving him crazy. "You could say that. What about you? Hobbies? Interests?" I asked
Mycroft                 I jumped a little when his fingers brushed over my hole, then relaxed as he slowly slid one finger into me, his lips still on mine as our tongues explored. He slides in a second finger, which coaxes a moan out of my throat, and I move my hips against his hand, desperate for more.
Mycroft                 I put a hand on his knee to calm him. "Sherlock is cross-referencing fingerprints. He should be able to identify the person behind it soon. To put a stop to this..."
get back to me when you can. GL. I worked for a couple hours reading the personal emails, feeling my heart sink for Mycroft with the words she used in the emails. What she said she'd do. I changed my shirt and decided to add a bit of cologne before heading to Mycroft’s office.
Mycroft                 "Things can settle down if we want them to." I said quietly. "John is perfectly capable of managing Sherlock."
Sherlock               Dropping my arm load of books and pajamas immediately with a clatter I kneel, opening my arms, "My little Rosie."
John                      I feel him tense underneath me and I pull back to see him with his eyes screwed shut. “Oh god, Sherlock. I’m so sorry.” I sit up and away from him. “I’m just a little worked up... from everything.”
Peter Harkness    “Oh yes, sir. Took him to get some lunch and got him squared away in his suite. Suspect he’s in for the night- jet lag.”  Well I tried to get him squared away anyways.
Sherlock               Nodding, I fall in step, "My brother has far more sense than Smith. My brother also doesn't seem to have any connections to Russia."
Sherlock               I look truly miserable, standing there holding Rosie, covered in vomit and nearly as in pieces as she is, "I need to get her to the hospital Mycroft. I'm going to take your car."
Mycroft                 I leaned a little harder on the table and closed my eyes to abate the swaying. It wasn't as bad as yesterday, but definitely still more than unpleasant. When Greg moved closer to the table, I reached over and grabbed his arm without thinking.
Mycroft                 I opened my eyes and saw the blissed-out look on Greg's face as he slumped forward, and I slipped out of him. He flopped to my side, his head resting in the crook of my arm. I licked my lips, tasting some of his cum. I started to chuckle quietly.
Sherlock               Lifting my head a little my lips fall onto John's gasping mouth, almost innocent in the chaste little peck
Rosie                     "Papa does it for us. Show Myca, Papa. Take off your shoes! Unca Myca, Papas nails are so pretty."
Greg                      "Hi. Does it feel good to be back home?" I asked and smiled at Anthea, perching on the seat opposite Mycroft and I avoided the obvious questions. How was he feeling, did he need anything?
Greg                      "Just keep an eye out for James from the top of the stairs into the lobby. I’m sure he won’t react that badly." I gulped as I hoped he wouldn’t, my feet cautiously taking me inside and I left Sherlock at the door to head straight into Mycroft's office.
James Morgan      "Mr. Holmes might be more of a problem then we realized. His brother is Sherlock Holmes, some famous detective from England."
Greg                      I dried my hands on a towel as I walked to the door. "Hey, John. Come on in. We're in the kitchen." I led him to the kitchen.
John                      I blink at him and then retreat into the bathroom to change. I pick a pair of tan trousers and a light maroon, almost salmon colored checkered shirt, rolling the cuffs up my forearms. I steal a little of Sherlock’s posh hair product and run it through my hair. It wasn’t a date, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t put on a show just to make Sherlock squirm. I sprayed on some cologne and stepped out of the bathroom.
Sherlock               My eyes flick everywhere at once, back and forth, nodding and then fixating on his groin, "Your not date was there. I don't like that thought. He saw you. Tasted you."
Greg                      "I wasn't trying to sleep with you out of pity or because I was drunk. I was trying to be with you more because I care about you. I’m sorry." I kept my head down as I picked up my jacket, shoved my phone in my pocket and shut the door with a little more force than I meant. I understood what he was trying to say but I would never sleep with someone out of pity for them.
Mycroft                 "Hrmph," I huffed with a cough. "I know for a fact that Sherlock still smokes... just never around John or Rosie"
Mycroft                 "Can't hold back... cum with me..." my voice cracked, my last bit of control falling away. I threw my head back into the pillows with a shout, my fingers digging into his hip as I thrust up into him, my orgasm slamming over me.
Sherlock               Nodding slowly, my grin intensifies, becoming an almost perfect U shape now, eyebrows slightly arched, "If you wanted. Or maybe the man would take you where you wished to go for once, instead of where he wished."
Rosie                     "And after this we can dress up and have tea and look at puppies on the tv thingy cause Papa said Myca was getting a puppy and we can get ice cream and show off our pretty dresses at the ice cream store." Today was gonna be the bestest day.  Papa likes yellow and black like the bees we watch in the park."
Greg                      "I need to know what's going on with my flat. The investigation, Sherlock." I said sternly and I needed to get everything together to look at properly.
Mycroft                 "What? I'm not a complete invalid, Lestrade... I can put dishes in the sink." I grumbled, taking my dish to the sink.
Greg                      "Well done genius.. What are you doing in DC?" I asked, ignoring the confused faces of James and Peter stood beside us.
Greg                      "What are we even doing here Sherlock? We still have other leads to follow." I say as I stood beside him with my arms folded, no reply coming from the flat and I wondered if she'd fled.
Greg                      "What have you and Uncle Myc chosen for me then?" smiled as I came in and merely met Mycroft’s eye, telling him that we'd also be talking about the basket later on is well.
Greg                      I chuckled as I saw a brief glimpse of Rosie running off with Mycroft following, shaking my head as I for a moment imagined it could be our child one day that he's chasing after. I set the table and I was just making up everyone's bowls when they came back in.
Mycroft                 I was unsuccessful in cajoling Anthea into bringing me some files to review - something about being in the hospital meaning I was unable to work, she claimed - so I settled for reading a copy of the Times that the nurse had brought. I was in the middle of an article about some scandal in the entertainment world when I heard a rustling of fabric. "Good morning, Sherlock." I said without looking up from my paper.
Greg                      "Yeah, course it is. We've got a room set up for her." I shrugged and held his good shoulder with a smile as he read through Sherlock’s texts.
James Morgan     "I'm James Morgan. Call me James. I'll take you to the Interim Liaison if you'll just follow me." As I turn to lead him upstairs I got bumped into by a man in a Belstaff
Mycroft                 The sommelier came to the table to present the wine selections. I blanched a little - alcohol was still an unpleasant thought. "Greg, would you like wine with dinner?" I asked.
Greg                      "Yeah but..." I smiled weakly at his wink and put down some bread beside him with the soup, knowing his raised eyebrow was him wanting to finish my sentence. To know what I was going to say.
Greg                      I saw he was starting to lunge for the controls so took my chance to grab him. He managed to sprint a couple meters before I tackled him to the ground, getting him on his front and basically sitting on him until we could cuff him. I have no idea whether the bomb had been stopped or not.
Sherlock               Pausing at his tone I swing around, watching him carefully a moment before my shoulders deflate, sinking a little into the depths of my coat as my voice lowers, "You...wouldn't. Would you?"
Greg                      "Go for it. It'll be hell in this house for the next couple days if he's quitting smoking." I leant against the worktop, folding my arms across my chest.
Sherlock               Climbing into the taxi I give the address of a farmer's market taking place in Maryland, knowing from her receipts she goes there to buy fresh fruit and veg. The taxi driver turns and gives us a stunned look, refusing to take us that far. "What?? It can't be that far!"
Mycroft                 I poured him a cup, and set it on the desk. "About last night, Greg..." I began uncomfortably.
Sherlock               Blinking, my hand travels down to a slightly slimy and vomitty pocket, pulling out my phone and peering at it, then I do indeed relax slightly
Sherlock               My shoulders slump a little at that, nodding and glancing away, "You're not gay, of course."
Sherlock               Panting hard, I try to pull back, then my face goes even paler, staring at Lestrade in horror, "His blood... you're covered in his blood"
Greg                      "Thanks for your help and we might be back for a couple more questions if we do have anything else." I smiled and noticed that she didn’t deny that Willa had a dining partner. I ignored Sherlock giving her his number, heading out and knew the chef had a lot more to do with it then she was letting on.
Rosie                     "Does Unca Greg help rub your feet like Papa does for Daddy? Or your tummy? Daddy does that for me when I'm sicky.  I'll tell him to rub your tummy and you'll be all better."
Thank you sherlock, I've photocopied and sent back reports from toxicology and the pathologist. Anything you can add would help a lot. GL
Greg                      "Around 9ish. You did try to get up a couple times during the night, but you were fine once I tucked you up again." I yawned as I stretched and tried not to wince at my back that had been playing up with sleeping in so many chairs rather than a bed.
Mycroft                 "Why do you want to help so much, Lestrade? You barely know me." I asked. I wasn't suspicious, per se, but it felt odd for a near-stranger to be moving in this way.
Rosie                     "But do you like like him? Daddy told Papa he's gonna hafta write another bestest man talk."
Rosie                     "I gots the bestest idee!! She can bring a bunch of puppies and we can choose which one you need and find homes for the rest and have all the time to play with them." Gayg’s nails are all done and soooooo pretty. "Your turn Myca"
Greg                      "No. I want to know what the hell is going on." I said angrily mainly because of jet leg and I wasn't going to let either of them treat me like they did in the UK. Just like a person they could walk over.
Greg                      "I know... so have I." I put my hand over his to put it back down on the sofa, now able to pull his boxers down to his knees and I was trying not to drool at the sight of his cock. It was just about fully erect and leaking pre-cum.
Sherlock               Pulling my phone back I go back to looking at something on it, "The person before Smith did. Boucher was already in the position when Smith arrived which is suspicious in itself as Smith replaced almost her whole staff with people of her choosing. As we've seen, Smith went for idiots as she seems to have been aware of her own loose morals and didn't want anyone causing her trouble."
Sherlock               My gaze lingers on John, before finally moving back to Mycroft, nodding, "My apologies brother. You made a good choice. He will help you with....those messy sentiments us Holmes seem prone to have sometimes."
Mycroft                 I cringe at her display, making a mental note to have the upholstery cleaned soon. "I would love a cup of tea, my dear."
Mycroft                 I took a deep breath. "Just go to it. Save the lidocaine. I tell you if I need it." I steeled myself.
Mycroft                 I saw the book he was reading. "A bit sordid, that story. I did, however, enjoy Mrs. Danvers' part in it." I smiled.
Sherlock               My look grows harder, snapping, "I could care for him. I know how. I observed you when you cared for me after my own gunshot wound."
Greg                      "Did the surgeon say anything else to you?" I asked as we shuffled round to the private room next to the nurses’ station and I just felt like I wasn’t walking in my own body. It was an odd feeling.
Greg                      "He's in the ambulance, he was hit. twice, I think but he's being taken to the best place possible." I somehow said calmly and wrapped my arms around him where he was trying to get to the ambulance that had just started to pull away.
Greg                      "Are there any more boxes?" I asked as I looked into the hallway and then through the kitchen to see if any had been left.
Greg                      "It’s the standing in front of people, the publicity and having to smile that I think he's upset about." I smirked back at him, Mycroft being somebody who I met every couple month, whenever Sherlock would be nearing the end of a case.
Mycroft                 "I... shot him. James was holding him as a shield... and I shot him." I said numbly.
John                      “Good. Keep me updated. I’ll help out in any way that I can.” I give him a thin smile.
Greg                      I finished cleaning in the kitchen and where we'd eaten, then sitting down with Rosie in between us and I could see it must have been a good film for her to pay such close attention. "What are we watching?" I whispered to Mycroft.
Mycroft                 "Greg, you should know... I am not one to form emotional attachments easily." I said, unable to meet his eye. "I am just as surprised as you are to realize my feelings for you."
Rosie                     "Love you Myca." Air kisses. "Love you Gayg," kisses. "Off we pop Papa. Da game is on."
Sherlock               My hand flexes, trying to pull him back down onto me hard, speaking through trembling lips, "Keep going, please. My inexperience means nothing."
Mycroft                 I looked at him carefully, his question plain in his body language. I covered his hand with mine. "It will take me some time.,. please be patient with me." I said quietly, my eyes soft.
Greg                      "Yeah?" I smiled more, my eyes scanning him, and I'd been letting slip of small things about me anyway. He was very easy to talk to it seems.
Mycroft                 "You're taking a month off work? Is that wise?" I said, a little bit alarmed. "Who will be managing the investigation?"
Greg                      I'd gotten up half an hour early for my morning run when I'd woken up from a nightmare, Mycroft's reaction yesterday still playing in my head. I'd checked all my security cameras before I left and when I'd showered and half changed, I narrowed my eyes at Peter heading into Mark's IT office.
Nina Boucher      "I wish I could help you all more. I liked Willa, she had always been nice to me, and she and her staff seemed to all appreciate my cooking" I smile softly and stand up. "Well, unless there's anything else, I need to get back to work."
Rosie                     "No such thing as cue ince idits I gets up real close to the screen so he can hear me better.
Mycroft                 "Do tell, Mr. Morgan" I leaned back in my chair, hands steepled in front of me. "Who do you think she was working for, then?"
Peter Harkness    “Okay, okay. But if you ever change your mind or get bored, I hope you’ll let me know. It’s seems such a waste to let this pass by when such good chemistry is hard to come by, especially in this town” as I look as softly as I can into his eyes with a small smile on my face. God this was going to be torture to keep working with him if this was the only taste I was going to get.
Rosie                     "S'Kay. Auntie Antea will take me. She takes me to all the fun places. She's super sweet and fun and nice and smart and dresses so pretty and let me eat all the candy and ice cream I want."
Dillon                    Raising a brow I wink, then bend, lifting Mycroft's legs up and helping him lay face down on the table, "You really don't think I know a mark of passion when I see it?" I giggle as I start to oil up my hands, "I hear those silver foxes can give nasty nips when they're in the mood. Now just relax and let me work my magic"
- Working on locating Lestrade's brother and his wife to have them protected as well. Will have him contact Greg once we have him. Should I do same with Caroline?
Sherlock               As I'm hustled out of the room I shoot my brother a quick glare, then gesture sharply with my head towards Greg, silently ordering him to do something
Mycroft                 "Do you remember how we scrambled to find all the peas when we heard Mummy coming downstairs?" I stifled a giggle. "And how cross she was when she stepped on the last two... we thought we'd collected them all..."
to take a month off work. Apparently I haven't had enough time off for holidays and they're giving me a couple weeks to… recover… from last week." I scoffed, running a hand through my hair
Mycroft                 I walked outside, closing the door behind me with a little more force than necessary, and took a deep breath. It's no wonder Lestrade manages my brother so well... he is ridiculously patient I thought. I walked over to the gazebo, and sat at the small table within it. The pain in my shoulder had started to ebb, the medication taking effect.
Sherlock               Lowering my phone I stride off, back towards the street, calling back to Lestrade, "Tell me, does he actually share a bed with you or does he just hang upside down from the rafters?"
James Morgan      I keep an eye on my watch and the clock on his wall. The gas canisters should already have started opening and the full effects should be hitting the Congress Members by 8:30a. They can't vote if they're not awake. That thought makes me smile as I wait for Mr. Holmes to tell me why I've been summoned.
Mycroft                 "Honestly, Greg... I -" I was interrupted by the doorbell. I cleared by throat. "That must be your remaining belongings from your flat. Anthea told me they were on their way." I quickly got up from the table and answered the door, directing the delivery staff to the living room with the boxes.
Greg                      "Well, after you've been with someone like my ex-wife. You have trust issues, it makes it hard to get close to people and for people to get close to me. If people would actually have patience with me, understand the pressures of my job then I could have a relationship." I shrugged over my breakfast.
Mycroft                 I took Greg by the shoulders, and maneuvered us both to sit on the sofa. He started to say something, and I pulled him into a passionate kiss, effectively stopping whatever train of thought he had going.
Greg                      I waited until we were walking down the block to finally look at him, his smile seeming more genuine than before. "Would you mind if I held your hand?" I asked bravely and couldn't remember the last time I felt like this with anyone.
Greg                      I knew I was drunk as I was swaying my hips, but I didn't really care by this point. I slipped my jacket off to put on the floor, then slowly starting on my buttons while never bringing eye contact with him. I had no idea whether it was sexy or anything but kept going.
Mycroft                 I shook my head with an amused look as buttons flew off my shirt. "Impatient," I smirked at him, shrugging off the shirt. I pressed my body against him, grinding our hips briefly, before climbing off the bed with a whimper to strip off my remaining clothing.
Greg                      "I’m sorry Mycroft." I reach over to put my hand on his arm again once he'd put down the letters. I really felt for him as she'd not let on to any of this when they were dating, the emails not being much better. I thought he wasn’t going to shrug me away, but I rapidly dodged a glass that was thrown and smashed against the wall. I held my breath as he'd stood up, gulping slightly.
Mycroft                 "I can't 'not' worry about you, Greg..." I mumbled, relaxing a bit when I saw that the injury really was minor, but still feeling guilty about it.
Peter Harkness       I chuckle and almost spray my beer across the table. “Fingers in a lot of pies is certainly one way to put it.” Oh we are definitely on now.
John                      “Here? In the British Embassy?” I hiss. Then realization dawns on me. “Oh... this isn’t about us... this is about you wanting to get one over on Mycroft. And James too.” I poke him in the chest.
James Morgan      "Better early than late Mycroft. I can call you Mycroft, yeah? Feel free to call my James."
John    I chuckle. “He’d go if I insisted. But he’d complain about how boring it was and how his legs were tired from walking and that he needed tea and biscuits or something. It’s like having a 6-foot toddler to look after sometimes.” I grin taking another sip of my beer.
Rosie                     "I already found the puppy collar they gots already" I tell unca Gayg and he laughs. I don't know why. It isn't a funny...
Sherlock                       Snapping at the police officers I fold my arms, "How was I to know that it was flammable. You really should put warnings onto things." Lifting me chin up I sneer a little, "Diplomatic immunity and all that." The arresting officer looks rather distressed, examining my passport and then pulling out his phone to make a call.
Mycroft                 "I've done very little leisure travel - mostly travel for... work." Lestrade didn't really have a grasp of what my job was - 'minor government official' is all I'd ever said before. I sat up, smoothing my pajamas. "I should let you get back to sleep. Again, my apologies."
Sherlock               Striding off I pretend not to hear Lestrade, glancing around and attempting to open a random door
Greg                      "Well.. Sometimes we train new PCs so they don't get beaten up out on the street, stupid amount of paperwork but DIs mainly deal with the big cases.. Murders, homicides, that sort of thing.." I shrugged, smiling back at him.
Greg                      I had changed into something cooler before heading to Mycroft’s office, knocking on the door gently as I had done last night before stepping in. He seemed more like himself, even if a bit more pale.
Greg                      I chewed on the gum for a few minutes and I thought I'd been reading but I'd been staring at the fire, my ears perking up when I heard the door open and closed again. I smelt the nicotine from where I was sitting but kept quiet as I turned a page in my book. I'd also heard him coughing outside, the dumbass.
Greg                      "Transparent? That's... nice..." I say slowly as it didn't exactly sound like a good thing, my free hand going behind my head as I leant back into the pillows, so he could turn to me more.
Mycroft                 I could see the tantrum brewing on her little face, and looked at Greg in a panic.
Mycroft                 "Anthea, send someone over to Greg's flat right now to retrieve anything photos that might have been left behind." I said quickly, my tone such that I knew she would act immediately.
What if I have ended up like my brother anyway? What if I have lost the only person willing to put up with me? I have never seen my brother so weak. -SH
Greg                      "Shit. You okay?" I just grinned at him as I took the pillow off his lap and I still had my hand half wrapped around him anyway. I just squeezed him lightly, seeing him gasp being a beautiful sight.
Rosie                     Returning with a box of polish and stickers I set the kit on the table and climb up next to my Myca.
Mycroft                 "Come on now, Rosie. Up we go." She scrambled onto my lap and snuggles up to me. I start up the movie she chose - some pirate movie that Sherlock had tucked into her suitcase. She fell silent, watching the movie with rapt attention.
Greg                      "I know, medication gives you awful nightmares, but I was texting Sherlock earlier about whether I'd gone mad yet. He's fine." I smirk a little and keep my breathing calm, so he could focus on it rather than the images still in his head.
Greg                      I smiled when I saw Mycroft’s eyes open a little at John and knew he'd be wanting to pull the tube from his throat any minute. Thankfully, the nurse was sticking close, knowing how disorientating the painkillers they give you can be.
Sherlock               Squeezing Mycroft's hand, I don't speak, just stand there for a few moments holding it. My head is slightly bowed before lifting, staring intently at my brother with a range of emotions in my eyes from worry to fear to fondness.
James Morgan            "That’s great. If I don't end up boring you too much, maybe I could talk you into a tour around Monument Row."
Sherlock               Arranging myself to my satisfaction I straighten my jacket with a very slight smile, "At least we agree on that brother." There's a slight sheen of sweat on my brow despite the air conditioned coolness, suggesting my journey there wasn't as smooth and sophisticated as my usual London travel
Mycroft                 I nodded, and sat back in my chair. "I asked the Chief to send me the best he had. I am especially pleased that he sent someone with whom I was already familiar. You have done well keeping Sherlock on the straight and narrow - not an easy task, I'm sure - and despite his complaints, I know you to be an intelligent and thorough detective." I put the remaining paperwork in my desk, and folded my hands. "Don't play coy, Greg," his first name was unfamiliar on my tongue, but not unpleasant "If you have questions, ask them."
Sherlock               Sitting up dead straight my eyes start blinking. That was one of the last things I expected to hear, and it sent me into panic mode, staring at the wall and silent
Mycroft                 "Very sure." I whispered, my voice a little shaky. I kissed him roughly, pushing him against the wall. "I am very, very sure," I continued between kisses. It was like a dam had broken in me, allowing passion and need to drown any thought of stopping. Not that I wanted to stop...
Mycroft                 "Sleep... yes, we will sleep..." I mumbled. I turned my head and kissed Lestrade's wrist lightly. "Sleep, my love..."
Sherlock               Glancing at Lestrade I pick up my coffee, sipping it and leaning back as all trace of my 'friendly' persona flee
Peter Harkness    "Good...god you look great in that suit" I blurt out before I can stop myself. I laugh nervously and before Greg can reply again, "Look... I know we got off on an awkward foot, and I really do like you, but I'm also good with just being a platonic friend if you'd like. I genuinely do want to learn more about cricket if you're willing to teach me...and my offer about the baseball team still stands if you want?" I fiddle with my watch nervously a bit before I stuff my hands in my pockets to still them and mirroring Greg's posture.
Rosie                     "K" liar. Maybe Gayg will tell me so i ask him "Why My Myca sad? And smell funny." Unca Myca doesn't smell pretty like he usually does. He smells like Papa’s espermints.
We need to find the chef. Stop molesting my brother for two seconds and meet me at the French embassy -SH
Rosie                     "Really? Even if we don't have pretty hats?" I see you Papa. We will talk bout this later.
Greg                      I frowned and went quite red in the face, seeing John and sherlock wander through hand in hand. "I… uh… wasn't naked hun, I was wearing shorts." I stammered.
"that was almost as bad as mine!"  He's finally starting to relax... Early in the show I whisper a joke about the Big Bang. We spent the rest our time there whispering stupid jokes and giggling like kids.  I grab his hand. "It's time for the Shuttle Tour! Let's go! Allonse-y!" I notice he doesn't grab my hand in return. "It's a bit crowded in here. Do you mind if I hold your hand? I don't want to lose you in all these people."
John                      “ITS NOT A DATE! We’re going to the museum and maybe to lunch and then take a walk on Monument Row... which is a park.... oh...” I suddenly feel very sober. “Shite.” I rub my hand over my face.
Mycroft                 After the physio therapist left the room, I turned to Greg, whose expression was a mixture of anger and surprise. I put my hand softly on his shoulder. "It's fine, Greg. Relax."
if you haven't managed to scare me away so far then you won't. John is always going to be your friend and I might see if I can contact him for you. GL
Greg                      "Yeah, he usually sends me one every month or so to tell me where they currently are when he wrote it and where they've been." I smiled as I picked it up and saw the Sydney opera house on the front.
John                      “I think it might be ok, Sherlock. Greg and I have talked about it... a bit.” I give him a sheepish look.
Sherlock               Scoffing, I stand, putting my empty wine glass down and heading instead for the bar, my lips curled back in a sneer. "Yet here you are. Letting your heart lead you into danger."
Sherlock               Turning I gaze out the window, sipping my drink slower now. There's a clear trouble in my eyes and my words come slower, slightly haunted, "Did she tell you why she just left like that? I thought normal people were sentimental?"
Sherlock               Falling back onto the bed I keep hold of the one hand like a lifeline, grounding me and keeping me from panicking as John's experience shows, contrasting with my slightly clumsy return. I'm feeling uncomfortable warm inside my heavy coat in the sticky heat and getting a little nervous about the speed at which John is attacking me
Surgeon                "Yes, barely. The bullet missed his heart, but not by much. The tissue damage was pretty extensive. His collar bone is a mess - practically shattered. The next 24 hours are critical."
Sherlock               Shuffling a little on the bed, I raise my eyes slowly, "Relieve yourself. I've heard you before but never seen you."
Mycroft                 "Thank you for an honest answer. After my conversation with Anthea yesterday, I wondered." I smiled. "Perhaps once we are released from house arrest, I can buy you dinner?" I asked hopefully.
Greg                      "I like mine medium anyway, so I seem to be in luck." I flashed him a grin and we got a few beers down our necks before we were going back to my life again.
Mycroft                 "Ungh" I groaned as Greg slowly lowered himself onto me, his tight heat indescribable. It took all my concentration not to thrust up against him, trying to let him control the pace. I opened my eyes and looked up at him, his back arched and eyes closed. I stroked his thighs, and he looked down at me.
Greg                      "Morning." I smiled and tried to hold back a grin, bread already in the toaster and since hearing Mycroft last night, I didn't feel so awkward about being around him. I knew he at least found me attractive which was something. More than nothing.
Greg                      "I know. I’m really sorry Mycroft." I said as I looked up and watched him rung his finger along the dust, my chest tight when he began to shout his mouth off. I'd expected this long ago and just had to sit there to take it.
Mycroft                 "Entirely her idea. Don't worry - the time off is still paid." I relaxed, glad that he wasn't upset by this turn of events. "We will have to plot our retribution at a later date, when I'm fit again." I smirked.
Sherlock               My face grows serious once more, "I shall be in contact with Anthea. Keep under house protection. Both of you."
James Morgan      Thinking.... "No. Sorry. Never heard of him". I guide him into the Museum and start out tour. "Before we begin I want to let you know I may have asked a favor from a friend of mine and she has agreed to let you into the Shuttle but only as far as the Cockpit."
Greg                      I looked between Mycroft and John with a little shock, glancing down with my arms folded where my cheeks just had a hint of pink. I didn't think he'd stand up for me like that and just then tried to watch that John was doing.
"I will meet you in the kitchen when you're finished." I walked to the kitchen, and took a seat at the table.
Sherlock               There's a small, lost little note to my voice, "But we were going to go to the lab together and look at the emails for my brother."
Sherlock               Tapping away on my laptop I mutter, obviously not noticing that John had left the room and returned, "....and then he told me about her. It was most strange. Unnerving."
John                      I sigh, a little relieved but also disappointed. I nod and follow James to the first exhibit.
Mycroft                 I had to grin, at how well Greg seem to be managing the tot. I was completely out of my depth.
Have a look at who was at the medical conference, more specifically at the bar. I expect that's where he picked up John. GL
Mycroft                 "Sit down, John. She's fine, Sherlock's worked himself into a full panic. They decided to pay me a visit today, for a 'tea party'. Sherlock took it upon himself to make tea for us, and pulled what he thought was a bottle of juice from my refrigerator. However, it was a wine cooler. Extremely low alcohol content, of course - I believe Anthea left them here last time she visited. In any event, my brother didn't bother to read the bottle thoroughly, and managed to serve Rosie two of her teacups of 'juice' before her stomach revolted."
Sherlock                       My lip curls again, spitting the word, "Sentiment Mycroft? From you? I don't believe it."
Mycroft                 I considered for a moment. "You're going to laugh... but it has been ages since I've had Beef Burgundy. I don't suppose you have a recipe?" I asked hopefully.
Mycroft                 I nodded, "Yes, Doctor." I reached for my shirt, and started to slip it on. "How is Sherlock?" I asked quietly.
Greg                      "See you then." I muttered as I got up on slightly shaky legs, figuring it could have gone a lot worse but the anger I saw was quite unnerving. I gained my composure again as I headed out the door and saw Sherlock with a couple glasses.
Rosie                   "Gay-gay. Yay." Unca G has the nearest hugs. "Myca now?" My Myca needs me, I can tell.
Sherlock               My hand goes to my own chest with a pang, wincing and then trying to turn, "I'm getting John and Rosie. I need one of your panda cars, Lestrade."
Mycroft                 "Your concern and attention to detail is appreciated," I nodded. I leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes for a minute, thinking.
Mycroft                 I shifted a little uncomfortably, my shoulder throbbing. "Yes, the hospital room was beginning to become oppressive. Thank you again for offering to help. I hope it's not too much trouble."
I was standing in Mycroft’s living room a couple days later where some of Anthea’s hired workers were finishing up the medical equipment and most of my stuff.
Mycroft                 "Is there anything I can do to help?" I could tell he was worried about something. Whoever had broken into his flat only stole very specific photographs... perhaps to make a point. And Sherlock's demand for his brother's address said that Sherlock thought Adrian might be at risk.
John                      He tugs me forward by my shirt, but I sit back instead bringing him up on his knees with me. I start to get more comfortable with his mouth and the soft scratch of stubble against my chin.
Sherlock               Placing my fingertips together I seem to just be regarding Nina with a piercing gaze, my smile fallen to a rather pensive look instead, staying quiet once more
Greg                      "I've got security experience and I'm pretty handy with a shotgun. Mycroft wanted only the best so that's why my chief back home sent me here. I am the best for the job apparently.." I shrugged and left out the part of having nothing back home for me anymore.
Greg                      "No, no, I'm following just fine. I just thought you wanted to collect more data to make an opinion." I could feel his grin against my skin, my head trying to think of boring things just so it wouldn't be so obvious that I was being turned on.
Greg                      "Sherlock... it’s her day off. She's not here." I call as I follow and that's what they'd been trying to say Sherlock through all the shouting and throwing.
John                      “Shh. You’re over thinking. What does it matter? It’s hardly our business.” I say as we walk down the hall towards the stairs.
Greg                      I felt a burning sensation in my arm but tried to breathe, tried to concentrate on holding James down and I turn to pin the man down again. Adrenaline was keeping my head focused and I was growling for the bastard to stay down.
I grind up against him and feel his dick straining his pants.  I pull my shirt off and tug on his. The feeling of skin on skin is as intoxicating as the tequila. I lick down his neck and reach for his zipper...
Mycroft                 "I selected this lovely metallic purple for you, Greg," I said with a big grin.
Sherlock               Staring after Mycroft I wrinkle my nose, still half disgusted, then I glance at John, "They're not sleeping together tonight? Did we spoil their afterglow?"
Mycroft                 "It's all right... it is your job, after all," I loosened my grip on his shoulders, but didn't let go.
John                      My lips form a thin line. “I don’t want you to be alone.” I say taking Rosie from him. “I’m coming right back.”  I tiptoe up to press a kiss to his lips.
Greg                      "Yeah, I mean, they've been trying for ages and haven't had any luck." I chuckled with astonishment and wanted to jump around the kitchen with glee but held it back to finish the postcard. "I know it's big news but keep it hush hush until we fly back to London in a month so they can check her over. Big love from Me, Sheela and now the little one, smiley face and a kiss."
Carlton                 I fight back a chuckle at Rosie's words, "Quite right, the pretty man is helping your uncle to feel better and get stronger." Then lowering my voice so hopefully only Gregory can hear me, "Please relax Mr. Gregory. Mr. Reed and I will be out of here soon and you can take care of Mr. Holmes again. I don't want to be too presumptuous, but you make a lovely couple."
Sherlock's comment kept coming back into my mind... how I'd looked at Lestrade? Was I that obvious? And worse, did Lestrade notice it?
Sherlock               There's a small pout to my lips, "But the prettiness John. Don't you care about beauty?"
Greg                      "And that's why you don't transport anything to the sink because it'll cause you pain and you don't need any more of that." I said stubbornly and put my hand around his good shoulder, so I could start leading him back to the chair at least.
Greg                      I thought he was going to kiss me a bit more, but I liked the brush of our lips, my eyes flickering over face when he pulled back to look at my reaction. He was still half cupping my face.
I push him down til he's more reclined on the couch. I nibble by way down to his nipples and tease his left one with my tongue and his right with the nails of my other hand.
John            “Great, really great.” I say with a grin. I flash the ring again as I run a hand through my hair. “Is Rosie ready to go?”
Greg                      "Lunch sounds good. I'm all yours for the day anyway since Sherlock is doing research." I smiled more easily and it was very hard to resist a smile like his. It was gorgeous.
Mycroft                        It was clear Sherlock wasn't going to let this go.  I rose to leave the office.  "Dinner?  6pm, here." I left without waiting for his response.
Greg                      "Of course, I want to stay, I just didn't know whether... you..." I waved to the bed as he got back under the covers and I pushed the hair out of my face where I'd not been able to have a haircut in three weeks.
Mycroft                 "It's not too late, you know. For adoption." I nodded, finishing my wine and setting the empty glass on the table.
Greg                      I had a quick look through the house earlier, but I was still getting used to everything, my singing continuing as I cleared up and found a couple books that had also been brought over from my flat. There wasn't a lot when I thought about it.
Greg                      "Give us two seconds." I smiled and leant down to peck his lips, tying up the used condom in the connecting bathroom and found a small flannel to wipe us both. I slipped back into my boxers and handed him his own and I almost found myself hesitating getting into his bed where it had been a while for me. I'd gotten used to sleeping by myself.
Greg                      "Please." I nodded, the only regret I had about early morning runs was when I didn't sleep well, I felt even more exhausted, but I merely hid the bags under my eyes through a smile to him.
Sherlock               Nodding, I pull myself up a little, "Maybe this man would get your favourite takeaway from that Chinese on the corner and allow you to put some of those idiotic spy movies on you enjoy without complaining...much?" I hesitate, then lean forward slightly, feeling a need to confirm, "Just to be sure...I am this man in question, correct?"
Greg                      "I don't think he's gonna have to write one for a while sweetheart but yeah, I like like your uncle Myc.." I smiled at her lightly and took her bowl since she was pushing it away.
Sherlock               Stepping even closer to James, ignoring that whole inconvenient personal boundary thing John is always nagging me about I snap, "We had sex."
John                      I feel overwhelmed with arousal by that revelation and lean forward to catch his lips again, kissing him hard.
John                      I stand before Sherlock does and go to the opposite side of the bed. I look at Greg. “Call the nurse.”
Greg                      "Sure." I waved my hand at him calling me Greg but something wasn't sitting right for me for some reason. I merely ignored it, got into the passenger seat and we were then off to the embassy.
Greg                      "Thank you. Just don't go out of your way to get them, if they're evidence then make sure Dimmock has them for as long as he needs." I relaxed and ran a hand through my hair where the calmness was coming back. I was my usual self again.
Mycroft                 "I'm managing. The nurses are keeping me supplied with newspapers, and Anthea has had reading material from home sent in, though she is steadfastly refusing to discuss work in my presence." I scowled. I looked at Rosie, stacking books on the floor. "I assume young Rosie is none the worse for wear from the event?"
Mycroft                 I took a shaky breath. "I just... want this... want you..." I whispered. I let my head fall back again as he went to work with his tongue.
Mycroft                 "Really, Lestrade, it was one bowl..." I rolled my eyes. "If I don't move the muscles at all, they will freeze."  I took the two pills and glass of water he offered, and downed them both.
Greg                      "Nothing. Nothing, I just think Rosie’s cute, that's all." I shrug with the smile getting wider and I try to hold it back as it is the time or place really.
Mycroft                        I hung up the phone and leaned back in my chair.  My new security chief would be arriving tomorrow afternoon.  I felt better already.  The previous chief - selected by the previous holder of my office - had obviously failed at his job, so a replacement was required.
Greg                      "Okay... so she was trying to kill someone that's squealed... something gets mixed up, she eats it instead." I huffed and handed him his phone back, leaving the sheets where they were as there was no point trying to clear up.
Sherlock               My eyes fly open as he kisses me, then I pull back, slightly out of breath, "If we hurry back upstairs to Mycroft's private rooms we can lock ourselves in his living room and have sex. He won't mind. He's busy in his office."
Greg                      I let out a massive grin and ran a hand through my hair as Mycroft shut the door. I took a deep breath, having to have a shower when I got back just so I could relieve the erection I'd been trying to hold back half the evening. It had been the best date I'd been on for a while
Mycroft                 I sighed heavily, shaking my head. "Must you do this, little brother? Can we not spend a marginally pleasant evening together, even in this godforsaken cesspool of a city?"
Mycroft                 "He always did know. He had a habit of telling Mummy when I snuck away for a smoke." Greg's arm around me was warm and pleasant.
Greg                      "I mean... we don't have to have penetrative sex if you're not into that sort of thing. I like being taken as much as the last guy." I chuckle nervously and didn't really expect myself to be actually saying this aloud to him.
Rosie                     "Will Papa find stuff in the bathroom now ‘cause you slept here with Myca in Myca’s bed with my Myca..." I grab the sheets and start pulling then down cause it's what Daddy does to get me and Papa up. He takes our sheets away!! He can be sooooo mean. "Up up up upupup. I'm hungry."
Greg                      "Hold on a minute." I warn and walk in front of him once Brad had finished talking with a customer. I smiled when I met his eye, showing him my badge and hope sherlock would actually behave.
Greg                      "You know what sort of person I am Mycroft. Everything I do, is because I want to do it and it means something to me. I wasn't going to shag you just because you threw a glass against the wall and yeah, I do feel sorry for you over the whole Ms. Smith thing but that's work. That's separate. " I explained and finished my mug of coffee.
Mycroft                 I swallowed hard, trying not to let my nervousness show as I silently reached for his hand, holding it gently. A smile played on my lips.
Greg                      "Then you need to be quiet." I say in more of a hushed tone, but I give him the brightest grin I could, my hands pulling his shirt out of his trousers gently, so I wouldn't hurt his shoulder. I had dreamt about this.
Sherlock  My shoulders relax at her words, nodding eagerly, "That's right little Bee. The whole world will see I belong you to and your daddy. Everyone will see that I am truly your papa."
Mycroft                 I hadn't been able to bring myself to read most of Willa's e-mail exchanges, the few I had read having been enough to cement my suspicions. I nodded, not knowing what else to say.
Greg                      "I'm being forced to take time off, Sherlock, and it's Dimmock." I said with a shake of my head and saw Anthea heading for the door.
Mycroft                 I got to my feet, and followed Greg to the living room, and sat in one of the chairs by the fireplace. He took the other chair. "So, when you said you found me 'mysterious', does that imply interest?" I said bluntly.
Sherlock purred as the commercials started up, flicking off the telly and snuggling closer into his mate. He pressed his lips close to John's ear, his voice a low, sultry rumble. "Now, I believe you promised me a..." But John didn't stir; his eyes remained gently closed, his breathing soft and even. The Alpha sighed fondly, then pressed a chaste kiss to his mate's cheek. "I suppose it
Sherlock's lips parted in surprise and desire, his pupils dilating wide; barely visible in the dark, a deep blush spread across his cheekbones, as his erection pressed uncomfortably hard against the fabric of his trousers. He cupped John's breasts in both hands, caressing them greedily as he captured his mate's lips. He pulled back when John whined into the kiss, his hand finding John's under the lapel, pushing back the fabric and the material of the bra to reveal one plump, erect nipple, leaking a steady stream of creamy milk. The Alpha bit back a moan as the milky scent overwhelmed him, John releasing markers that begged the Alpha to suck, to relieve him. Sherlock teased the nipple, rolling the plump nub between his fingers, inhaling sharply as the milk leaked more freely and John mewled. His mate's desperation getting the better of him, he dipped his head without a second thought, taking the entire nipple in his mouth and beginning to drink greedily, warm milk flooding his mouth as he immediately began to take large gulps from the overfull breast.
The kneeling Omega nudged forward slightly, nuzzling into the taut fabric over his Alpha's groin and rubbing his cheek against his mate's throbbing erection with catlike enthusiasm. Unzipping him carefully he drew Sherlock's thick cock out of his trousers and stroked it with both hands, vibrating with excitement and want, his breath coming in short, eager little gusts and sighs as he slicked the shaft with precome and leant in to take it into his mouth. The plump head pushed past his lips with ease and John suckled on it delicately, massaging the underside with his tongue and mewling softly and happily as if he was nursing on Sherlock's cock the way the Alpha nursed on his nipples; he used both of his hands to massage and squeeze where his mouth couldn't reach and subtly rubbed his belly against his mate's leg, just the way he knew Sherlock liked it, doing everything in his power to give Sherlock the most exquisite blowjob possible.
good you could allow me the privilege of sucking you off..." He nuzzled his Alpha's collarbone, happily rubbing his mate's scent all over himself. "Have you often thought of collaring me, Sir?" he asked flirtatiously, smiling as he pressed soft kisses to Sherlock's throat. "I used to think about it all the time... how we'd be out at a crime scene or somewhere, fighting about something, and suddenly you'd crowd up against me and before I knew it your collar would be around my neck. You'd tell me I was
"Everything is going to be fine," John promised seriously. "My body accepted thirteen pups, it wouldn't have done that if it couldn't carry them all until it’s safe to deliver them. Our bond is one of the strongest
. I have full control over you," Sherlock reminded his mate as he grasped John's collar. They had already discussed this beforehand, and agreed upon rules and guidelines, mostly involving what John would not do before entering subspace. When the Omega nodded, the Alpha let his fingers fall from the glossy leather, and he kissed his mate. "I love you," he reminded John sincerely. "Now, Alphas first."
bonded, it's going to be hard adjusting to the reality that we're having so many babies, the final proof this bond is for real. I know it doesn't make much sense, but... Where feelings are involved, people tend to cling to any hope they can get," he explained gently. "With Lestrade we can be proud, with Mycroft we can be smug, but Molly has been good to us and we have to be kind to her. I don't think she'll want you to see her disappointment. She'll get over it soon enough, I'm sure, so don't worry about her. Anyway, just think, if we tell everyone when I'm six weeks gone we'll only have another two weeks until we can get the scan to find out how many boys and how many girls we're having," he smiled warmly. "Want to place any bets?"
Once they had got to the bedroom, Sherlock quickly shut the door behind him and pulled John into a deep but restrained kiss. "You already had me hard back there," he murmured, "If you're not careful, we'll never make it to the club." His hands roamed carefully over John's ample form, and he smirked. "Let's get you sitting down again. You'll be on your feet a lot tonight, I imagine." A plain black string bikini was already laid out on the bed; the triangles of the fabric were minuscule, silken, and paper-thin, barely able to do the work of covering John's nipples without serious strain. A tiny, matching thong lay next to it. John would spend most of his time at the club utterly nude, but his Alpha wanted him in
Benedict scrunched up his face and sneezed, and the Alpha automatically reached for a cloth on the nightstand. He waited in anticipation as he cleaned the baby boy's nose gently. Perhaps it was all that had happened that was rightfully making the day imperfect, but Sherlock had thought it to be a wonderful anniversary morning, considering. Breakfast in bed and pups and familial love - no sex, but that was okay. The Alpha was content on his own part, and he wanted to ensure his mate was feeling so, as well.
," she squeaked happily, pulling Sherlock into a hug and reaching a hand out for John to squeeze, still aware that touching a pregnant Omega without permission was a bad idea. John took it and squeezed it warmly, beaming at the woman as she released Sherlock. "Obviously we'll provide somewhere for you to live - we were thinking about converting the attics into a nice self-contained apartment so you'd still have your own space. If you prefer we can find you another flat nearby. It will eventually amount to a full time job so we will pay you," he continued firmly, in a tone that brooked no disagreement. He was sure she'd have done it for nothing but he would hate to feel they were taking advantage of her; anyway, however much they paid her, she'd earn it, helping look after thirteen babies. "I'll let you discuss it with Sherlock," he said gently, nodding to his Alpha; as head of their family money matters were his domain. "I think I need to go upstairs for a nap while you two iron out the details... Can barely keep my eyes open," he yawned, his body tiring more easily due to the demands of thirteen growing pups. He knew that closer to the birth almost all he'd do would be eat and sleep and beg for Sherlock's cock and demand to be milked, and he found that the idea bothered him less as time went on. He stroked Sherlock's cheek and gave him a chaste kiss on the lips before heading upstairs and nesting in their bed, hugging Sherlock's pillow because it smelt of his Alpha.
James Morgan     Standing just inside doors to Embassy I see Peter coming in with the new guy. "Welcome back Peter. This must be the new head of Security. Lestrade isn't it?" I give my friendly smile and out stretched hand.
Greg                      I moved the hand on his shoulder to his jaw, brushing my thumb across it gently before I leant in for one more lasting kiss. It was slow and just enough to say that I definitely had more than just an interest in him now
The Alphas all looked similar in age; they had identical packmarks on their right shoulders, like the one Mycroft had given Sherlock. Two of them had a very strong resemblance to each other and were very obviously brothers, with the blond being taller than his brunet sibling. The third was shorter, of a more athletic build, dark-skinned, dark-haired, dark-eyed.
Sherlock pinched one fat, erect nipple, purring louder as it spurted a jet of creamy milk onto his chest.
Omega presenting himself on the blankets. The Alpha's mouth nearly watered as the enticing scent of needy, aroused, eager-to-please Omega began to fill the air heavily, his cock now obviously tenting his pyjama bottoms. Before he knew it, he was in front of John, in front of the fullest breasts and belly he had ever seen - all for him. All because of him. He growled deeply, a predatory grin growing on his face as he loosed his trousers and dropped to his knees on the nest.
Mycroft                 "I was just afraid... I'd done something wrong..." I stammered a bit, leaning into his hand. "I haven't ever..."
Sherlock               "John." Folding my arms, I turn to fix John in a slightly pouty stare, "Tell my brother that I'm perfectly capable of looking after him at home."
Mycroft                 I looked at John. "If you think that's wise..." remembering how I'd nearly passed out when he changed the dressings yesterday. At least I had the table to lean against.
Mycroft                 I look at Greg, showing him the text from Sherlock. " I think we need to wake Rosie.
Greg                      "I need a cigarette anyway." I finally say when he got up and knew how far I wanted to take things, my coat quickly going back on my shoulders and we were soon heading back to the embassy again.
Sherlock               Lestrade finally finds me sitting in a quiet corridor, turned in slightly to John with Rosie on my lap, my eyes closed and face pale as I struggle to rein in my emotions
Mycroft                 "I think I understand why some parents drink." I smiled. "What I would give for a tenth of her energy and enthusiasm."  I handed Greg a glass.
James Morgan      "John this is my friend, Sally. She's going to be leading the trip around the cockpit and maybe even sneak us further."
Sherlock               "Sex." My voice is rather muffled as my face sinks down to become around 90% chin
John                      I thought about it and opened my mouth to say something and then snapped my mouth shut again. “I... thought you didn’t want... you weren’t... ready? You said you just wanted to watch...” I say with a confused look.
Greg                      "I’m so sorry Mycroft... Some people are just absolute dickheads who only think of themselves and their career." I sigh with a shake of my head and did put my hand across the table so our fingers brushed but I didn’t take his hand completely.
Sherlock               Shivering my breath catches, leaning over him more now, murmuring in a voice so deep it rumbles the bed under us, "Show me how you masturbate when you're laying in bed above me?"
Mycroft                 I whimpered when he pulled me up, but welcomed his kiss, my hand still stroking his cock.
Sherlock               Frowning, I glance around, then unfold myself, sweeping off the bed and striding towards John's bag, starting to sort through it with my usual disrespect for John's personal property
Sherlock               The chefs start yelling at Lestrade in French, explaining how the strange English man came barging in and demanding something before trying to get into the head chef's office. Meanwhile I stand, looking down at my soup coated self in disgust
Peter Harkness    "Greg!" I look over in surprise as he walks into Mark's office, but before I can even attempt to diffuse the situation and explain why we're drinking champagne so early in the day, I see Mark grab a gun from his top desk drawer and point it at Greg.  “Whoa, Mark hold on!" I shout and move to step between him and Greg.
James Morgan      I tug on his shirt to attempt to get him to straddle my lap trying to make up for the slight height difference. I hope he will relax a bit more if he has the position of control.
Greg                      "It's fine, I know sherlock winding you up stresses you out and I wasn't helping. God knows I'm the same when Adrian is around." I said softly as I took the toast out with cautious fingers and put the plate on the table, so he could start eating.
Greg                      "Sherlock, I get you wanna help him and you have but you're not a trained doctor. He really needs trained care or someone who's had a lot of medical training at least." I explained, seeing Rosie look up at her dad.
Mycroft                 Hesitantly, I picked up the envelope on the top, and slid the letter out of it, unfolding it. I stared blankly at the carefully-written Cyrillic script, and looked expectantly at Greg.
Greg                      "Shit... Shit, shit..." I swore as I checked through the box again and I realised those photos were missing. It seemed more than just a coincidence, my face calm but I was beginning to worry in my head about what this was about.
James Morgan      As I walk down the lobby in the Embassy I see a familiar face and go up to him. "John?"
Greg                      "Hey, you cold?" I asked with a frown as the room was well heated, the air conditioning not on either. I reached across to put the back of my hand on his forehead and thought he was rather warm. It didn't take a genius to work out he had a chest infection, caused by the smoking and it made my heart drop.
Greg                      "Yeah, what else have you been doing since I've been asleep?" I asked softly and was trying not to be scolding him all the time, knowing he had to start doing small things again so just perched beside Rosie and gratefully took the coffee he offered me.
Sherlock               Juggling Rosie in one arm and a large and colourful bag, decorated with happy looking if anatomically incorrect bees, in the other, I fit my key into the lock for Mycroft's door and swing the door open, calling out, "Hey bro!"
Greg                      I jump awake when Rosie came in and I thought it was someone else with what had been going through my head last night. I caught my breath back, pulling her more into the middle of the bed so she wouldn't hurt his shoulder anymore.
James Morgan      "What can I say, we were colleagues. Didn't know each other outside of work. We ran in different crowds. But to be honest with you I had started to suspect she was working for someone other than the Embassy and her job here wasn't her top priority."
Mycroft                 "I will not." I sat at my desk, my hands folded in front of me. "I'm happy to hear that Greg's well-being is so important to you," I smiled at Greg weakly.
Greg                      "Ever the romantic, Mr. Holmes." I chuckled, running my hand down his side and my alarm had gone off and had been playing music quietly. I hummed along to
Greg                      "Yeah, sorry. It's just... I’ve been married before and she left me for a more attractive man and probably a better one so when I hear noises like that. It just sets my nerves on edge and this looks, great, thank you." I admitted at first and then gave him a genuine smile.
James Morgan      I can't figure out if I should clasp his hand, go for a brief hug, or do... nothing. It's obvious he's wearing cologne and styled his hair but nothing else about his body language shows his eagerness. I do nothing but guide him to the door leading outside. "Coffee first or right to the museum?".
John                      “I’m headed to the clinic. Call or text me if you need anything.” I say to Mycroft as I head towards the door.
Greg                      My heart was still pounding as they got the top of his suit off, packaging him with bandages to stop the bleeding and it’s just when they'd shut the ambulance doors that I saw Sherlock running over. I had to stop him, so they could get him to the hospital and to also reassure him.
Mycroft                 "I don't actually know... we'd have to check the bottle. In the bathroom cabinet."
Mycroft                 I quietly took Greg's glass from his hand and set it on the table. "You are currently sitting in what is probably the safest place in all of London... with someone who very much wants... " I leaned over and kissed him, my tongue teasing its way into his mouth. I felt him relax into my hands.
Greg                      "It's just the simple things. You'll pick it up, don't worry. Now, head in and pick a film and I'll be through in a minute." I smiled as I got up and started drying a few things, my eyes widening a little when he came over to kiss my cheek before heading into the living room.
Sherlock               Sighing I slide off my shoes and socks reluctantly, wondering yet again what kind of a hold these Watsons have on me, wriggling my abnormally long toes which are pained in yellow and blacks
Greg                      "I said that it's a good idea if you stay here for a couple more days and then have somebody with you at home to help you recover." I explained, smiling how he almost spat at the word sentiment in the same sentence as his brother
Greg                      "Thank the lord for that. I expect he speaks Russian though so we may be able to find those letters written to Ms. Smith to see if that gives us any more clues." I smirk slightly and didn’t know why but I checked my phone briefly incase Mycroft had decided where and when we were outing on a date again.
John                      “No, I showed Greg how to redress the wounds. That way he can do it for you.” I suppress a grin, biting the inside of my lip.
Mycroft                 I rolled my eyes again, and did as instructed, changing the angle of the screen so she was visible in the camera. I Then followed Greg out of the room
James Morgan            I look around the bar to see if there's anyone worth my attention. I notice a adorable man as he walks up to the bar where I'm sitting.
John                      I chuckle a bit and press down more letting my hips press back up into my hand. I rub myself through my pants, then getting impatient I peel down my pants and kick them off. My cock stands tall and hard as I wrap my fingers around the base.
John                      “Yeah, you did. And now you have us working a case. As always.” I disappear into the loo, slamming the door behind me.
Sherlock               Nodding, I fiddle with my phone more as we weave in and out of traffic, "Not just...seducing people but also choosing those who were easily bribed, had slightly criminal backgrounds. People who would keep their mouths shut. I can't find any evidence though of what Smith was up too apart from bedroom activities and what that moron told us about the Russian threats."
James Morgan      "I'm not sure, Mr. Holmes. I wasn’t her babysitter you know. My job is to make sure she has what she needs. Most her needs were of a personal kind that I didn't need to help with." I make a conscious effort to keep my body language relaxed as I sat on the chair across from his desk.
Rosie                     I talkeded with the pretty boy with the so pretty hoodie as he set up a bed for Myca. He took off his hoodie and had just a normal white tank top underneath. How borring... Unca Myca came in wearing a robe and then Gayg called me into the kitchen. Grabbing my crime scene coloring books I went into the kitchen and set up to do my drawing at the table. Gayg was there with the old guy who looked a bit scary and had lots and lots of sharp things. I'll be good and keep an eye on him so he can't hurt my Unca Gayg. I give him Daddy's "yeah I see you, don't try nothing" look.
I take John into my apartment and let him settle in a bit on the couch. "Mind if I put on some more relaxed clothes? I could loan you a set of shorts and shirt if you want to be more comfy.”
Greg                      I imagined Mycroft had dropped to his knees in that alley and the bathroom wall was the wall I'd shoved him up against. I could just see his innocent eyes looking up at me, his lips around my cock and it only spurred my hand on further. I knew I could moan as loudly as I wanted to with Mycroft’s name almost being yelled with the pleasure building up in my balls. I knew I wouldn't have been able to have a cold shower or sleep with how we were pressed up against one another earlier. I came all over my hand with his voice in my ear, telling me to come and I wasn't ashamed to moan his name through my release.
Mycroft                 James and I both looked at the door when we heard the gunshot. I reached the door with lightning speed, and bolted downstairs, where I saw security personnel scrambling, heading toward the IT office. Two of them had tackled a young staffer, disarmed him, and had him pinned, and were putting him in cuffs. Looking up, I caught a glimpse of Greg kneeling on the ground in the office, so I pushed my way in. My heart jumped to my throat when I saw that Greg's crisp shirt was covered in dark red blood, his face ashen. I rushed to his side. "Greg, are you hurt?" I put a hand on him, trying to locate the source of the blood, my hand now covered in it, as well. It wasn't until I followed his line of sight that I saw the limp, lifeless body of Peter Harkness before him.
Mycroft                 I turned bright red. "I see." I said quietly. "Well, good night, then." I turned and started across the house to the master bedroom. Hopefully, my little brother hadn't managed to bug that room, as well.
Mycroft                 "I may appear asleep, Greg, but I do notice when you leave the bed in the middle of the night, or when you raise your voice in your sleep." I said Softly.  "or when you already taste of coffee when I kiss you at 6 in the morning”
Sherlock               "Actually..." my whole persona changes slightly, shifting into my rather bumbling, charming 'normal' man as my smile widens, "We were hoping we could have a chat with you. Brad, right?"
Greg                      "I think with everything going on at the moment, finding your shooter, people breaking into my flat and my brother having a baby, it wouldn't be fair at the moment." I said after downing the last of my glass and it'd been what I'd needed for ages.
Mycroft                 "We both have our issues to deal with, it seems." I sighed, resting my hand over his. I looked up, and could see one of the new security Personnel outside the window, checking the perimeter.  “We should probably limit our time outside, until we hear from Anthea or Sherlock.”
John                      I look at Sherlock. “Why don’t we go get some lunch. We could take Rosie to the park for a bit.”
Greg just had a full convo in French with Mr. Holmes thinking I couldn't understand them. Nothing of value to our mission, but at one point he said he didn't trust me. Any ideas why?
John                      “Yes, But I do have some Lidocaine that I nicked from the clinic. But it doesn’t go very deep.”
Sherlock               Looking around I sneer, "This really is a rural little town isn't it..." lifting my arm I hail another taxi, climbing in and instructing them to take us back to the British embassy as I pull out my phone
Sherlock               Standing stock still I resist John's efforts to drag me away, my gaze moving between Lestrade and my rather smug looking brother, "You...you two....Noooooo....Nope! Not happening..."
Mycroft                 "Yes, Sherlock. Emotional. This last week has been trying, to say the least." I paced the room anxiously. "No one believes that Willa's death was anything but an unfortunate accident. I know for a fact it could not have been. I need your help to prove it, lest I meet the same fate."
Mycroft                 I was quite relaxed, now that Dillon had finished working the knots out of my shoulder, when he made his comment. I laughed nervously, "No, that's not necessary." I sat up, rolling my shoulder a couple of times.
Chief sup                     "Lestrade you are my best DI and I know that the Holmes lad is starting to drive you crazy. When my friend from the MI6 asked if I have a good man who can be a security detail for a newly prompted man I thought that I knew just the right man.  You proved not just once that you are good at the security work and you notice things that most don't. Your job will be more than a bodyguard you can have a bit investigation too".
Greg                      "That’s what I thought. Lot of delegates are planning to arrive at the embassy on Monday afternoon for a conference over their economy… Communist-ruled countries." I explained from what I'd scribbled down on a piece of paper that I'd folded into my pocket.
Mycroft                 One he was fully seated, I opened my eyes to find his face just inches from mine, I wrapped my other leg around his hips, hooking my ankles. "You feel incredible." I gasped, my hand lightly stroking his cheek as I kissed him softly.
Sherlock               Blinking I give him a puzzled little look, trying to reach downwards to his trousers, "You never tried to touch me last night John. "
John                      Oh, god. I can’t believe I’m doing this. Maybe consider it a bucket list item? I watch as he pours two shots of tequila. “You go first.” I blurt out.
Dillon                    Nodding I pace behind him, tilting my head from side to side with a musical little hum, "You have wonderful skin darling, wonderful. Even the damage from your wound it still looks amazing. So many freckles."
Sherlock               Waving the pen at him I shrug, then go back to signing the papers. "No need. I'm signing off all that needs to be done right now." Scrunching my nose, I flip the clipboard around and show him one of the papers with a messy signature at the bottom, "John's writing is really very bad. You would expect someone with that much education to have a better signature, really."
Greg                     "Peter... Peter, keep your eyes open." I said with my voice coming out as rugged breaths, my hands trying to push down on the bullet wound but it must have hit something vital with the amount of blood. It was pouring over me and I was begging god to make it stop.
Sherlock               My face twists a little at that, quickly looking away from Lestrade and then, finding my gaze on Mycroft, dropping it to the floor instead before grabbing the lapels of my coat and pulling them, sweeping myself up into a detective burrito and curling up in the chair without answering.
James Morgan      I lean in close to him and start by kissing his neck lightly and put my hand on his knee. I slowly work up to nibble on his ear before I finally caress his lips with mine.
Mycroft                 I shuddered as my hand stroked my cock. The cool silk was exhilarating, my hand sliding effortlessly, but when I finally slid my hand into my pajamas, I gasped at the heat of my hand. Soft and warm... I gripped my shaft a little tighter as I stroked. "Please... Greg... don't stop..." I gasped, my free hand twisting the blankets.
Sherlock               "I could be looking after him right now at home, "I snap at them both. "I want to look after him. He needs me."
Mycroft                 I looked around the garden, then turned to the cedar storage bench, carefully opening it and slipping out a pack of cigarettes. Silently, I shook one out of the pack, along with the lighter. I took the cigarette in my lips, sparked the lighter, and lit it, taking a long drag. I didn't smoke often - mostly a way of coping with extreme stress. The nicotine was very calming.
Anthea                  "I don't believe they found any prints, and it's unclear on the why considering there was so little left in the flat. But start thinking about who might be on your shortlist of suspects" as I see Greg's eyes moving about quickly thinking about and processing everything.
Greg                      "Maryland?" I shout as he heads back down the stairs, my eyes skimming the sheet before I followed into a cab that was already waiting. I didn’t mind it being fast-paced but he wasn't explaining a lot.
Greg                      "Give me a quick second to sort out the laundry and Uncle Myc can help you pick stuff out for me Rosie." I smile as I get up and kiss the top of her head, heading to the laundry room to pick up the dry clothes, and walking to Mycroft’s room to put it away, and I stopped in the doorway when I saw the basket on the bed.
Greg                      "If you had the choice then what would you do? Career wise? James bond? Spy?" I joked with him as he continued rubbing my feet and I could feel the tension of the day leaving my body slowly.
Mycroft                 I looked through Rosie rather impressive selection of polish colors, and selected a metallic purple. "I think Uncle Greg will like this one," I smiled at the little girl. "What do you think?"
Turning to Rosie, I continued, "We are having a tea party, are we?" I glared at Sherlock, who put on his most innocent look - the one that always got him out of trouble with Mummy. "How delightful! Did Papa bring Mrs. Hudson's biscuits?"
Mycroft                 I shifted my legs around him, changing the angle of my hips so that he was stroking my prostate with each thrust. "Oh, yes... like that... oh, Greg..." I gasped, until I pulled him down for a rough kiss, muffling my cry as my orgasm washed over me, ropes of sticky cum covering both our chests.
Mycroft                 "No, no, I'm fine," I repeated, but I let him pull me up out of the chair, and steer me down the hallway toward my room. My arm was wrapped around his shoulders tightly. "You have nice shoulders..." I mumbled.
Rosie                     The fizzy juice tastes funny but ok. "Time for nails. I gots yellow and black and we can be bees." Bees are the Bomb.
Greg                      "Just set up in the middle there Dillon, feel free to move furniture around if need be... where did you want me to sit?" I looked at the older man standing before me and I don’t think he had said his name. At least he wasn’t like Dillon
Mycroft                 I ran my hand up Greg's chest, tracing over the buttons until I reached his collar. I opened the top two buttons one-handed, revealing a glimpse of his muscular chest, and my fingertips teased the silvery hair there. I kissed just behind his ear, and felt him relax a little.
Rosie                     "No! Papa is sad. We don't leave sad Papa!" Papa wants us to go home so maybe we should. I hand him my favoritest bee doll to keep him company.
Mycroft                 I rolled my eyes. "Oh, please. One cigarette will not hurt me."  I slowly rose from my chair, and led the way to my room, where John could properly address my dressings.
Rosie                     "I gots a new friend today and named him Herbert and he is so cute and I... he comes... from... Sussess... bee... Herbert..." I fell asleep thinking of my new friend Herbert the Bee.
A neighbour who was house sitting for Lestrade's brother. Luckily he came out the house to talk to us. Then things got a bit explody -SH
Dillon                    I stride into the house, glancing around and flashing a broad, white toothed grin at the silver fox, "Hi. I'm Dillon. I'm here to see Mr. Holmes about his body."
John                      I sigh. “Yeah, I know.” I take a deep breath. “Well I told him I didn’t date men, but I didn’t really discourage him either. I let him take me to his apartment. I... guess I just wanted to see what it would be like. I was curious.” I say talking to the floor.
Greg                      "You and me both. I'm steering clear of the whole relationship shit for a while." I laughed with him as I sat down and glanced at one of the menus.
Mycroft                 I stage-whispered in her ear, "Your Papa took a brand new tub of margarine out of the refrigerator, and rubbed it all over his hair, so it would grow faster."
John                      I watch as he leans down to taste some of my come from my chest. This causes another aftershock of arousal pass through me. I groan again.
Greg                      "I shouldn't have put you through that though. That wasn't fair of me with how close you were to her." I whispered and kissed the side of his head gently, my hand holding the back of his head against my shoulder.
John                      I knock softly on the door, pushing it open to step in. “Hey.” I say quietly.
Peter Harkness      I pull up to the Hungarian Embassy and hop out to open the doors for my two Brit passengers. Mycroft gets out and immediately heads to walk in the building, not paying me a second glance. But when Greg gets out I ask "Would you two like me to wait here for you? Or I can come back at a specific time?" as I hand him my card, so he has my cell number.
Mycroft                 I glanced at Peter, then at Lestrade. Another interesting turn... "But that isn't true, is it... you do care..." I replied in fluent French.
James Morgan            I look a bit sad... "It actually is. Let me start over. I sometimes forget that I don't have to always be a diplomat. My apologies.  I could tell you were a Doctor because you're still wearing your badge from the conference".
Greg                      My heart was pounding as I'd never heard anybody say that about my cock being in them. I slowly slid my tongue into his mouth again, gently pulling back to thrust into him again, wanting to go by what he was saying and reacting.
John                      I get the dressing all the way off. “Good. It doesn’t look too red. They’ve got it packed so I’ll have to repack it. Did you take your meds with breakfast this morning?”
Greg                      "Yes, I am interested in you Mycroft." I whispered with my head in my hands and I wanted to have this conversation when he was a bit more well. When he didn't have danger looming over him every day
Sherlock               Standing back I allow the last of my barriers to fall, watching my brother with soft, vulnerable eyes, knowing he won't remember much in the morning. "I understand now why you warn me to guard my heart Mycroft. I also understand the pain of loving someone who can never return it. I will try my best to gain your peace." before turning away, starting to look through his desk, finding Lestrade's contact details
Greg                      I roll my eyes, looking back at Mycroft with a playful smirk. "can I borrow a shirt please? This one is hardly appropriate." I motioned down at my shirt with missing buttons.
Mycroft                 I let Anthea slide my jacket off my shoulders, and walked quietly to the living room, slowly lowering myself into my favorite leather chair by the fireplace. "Good afternoon, Greg" I said, trying to be friendly.
John                      “Really?” I ask leaning closer to him. “You’ve been feeling this way too? About me?”
Greg                      "Yeah, I've done it before so you can go." I said as I also took the ice pack and my mood had just taken over compared to thinking rationally about what had been going on.
Mycroft                 I rolled my eyes. "Don't be dramatic - it doesn't suit you. And what, pray tell, made you select Greg as my caretaker? I know full well that you were behind his being forced to take a month off." I looked at her carefully.
Peter Harkness    “I’ll just wait out in the hall for you Greg. Nice to meet you Mr. Holmes. Take your time” and I smile at them both before closing the library doors behind me.
BBC Newscaster  “…and the Wikileaks files provided by James Morgan and his group of anti-fascist has taken down another US government official today. Attorney General Jeff Sessions resigned today after the leaked documents were verified and proved he aided the Russians in their attempted seizure of control over the US government. This brings the total of officials removed from office since the leak 3 weeks ago to now 43, whether through impeachment, resignation, or otherwise, making this the biggest whistleblowing incident in world history. The movement to have James Morgan and any of his other conspirators cleared of all charges is also gaining support in the polls, with President Sanders committing to continuing the investigations into the entire incident until transparency has been achieved, and speculation from US government insiders is leaning towards a possible pardon. Morgan is still being held in an undisclosed location, so we have been unable to reach him for comment…”
Sherlock               Grabbing Mycroft's coat from the stand I start to go through the pockets before tossing it to one side, going to open the bedroom door and smirking at John, putting my finger to my lips, "Maybe I can get some pictures of Mycroft for future blackmail while we're here"
Rosie                     I turn to the sofa, climb up, and curl up with my back to them like Papa does. "RUINED!"
James Morgan      "Do soldiers do body shots?" Must. Keep. Innocent. Expression.  "Be right back. Feel free to look around." I know I have lime in my fridge. That and some shot glasses will be perfect.
John                      I give him a look that says, “you know that’s not what I mean.” I ignore him. “I’ll be back.” I say squeezing his hand, before letting go and walking away, down the hall.
Greg                      I looked around the lobby at around 8:50am the next morning where I'd been up at 7 for a run. I was actually raring to go.
John                      I choke a little. “Oh, well I don’t think they meant that as a compliment. But I can’t say I don’t agree. In the positive way, of course.”
Mycroft                 "Sore, but acceptable. Last night was a bit... fuzzy, though..." I hesitated. "Lestrade seems to think I have a chest infection."
Greg                      "Uh, what usually happens when you find something mysterious? It gains your interest and you want to find out everything and anything about it." I said as the first thing that came to mind and was taken aback by his bluntness somewhat regarding this.
Greg                      "You... heard me and John talking?" I asked slowly as I sat down and then felt my face burning slightly. I just masked it up by picking up a piece of toast to spread jam on it.
John                      I followed and went into his bathroom to wash my hands. “Alright off with your shirt.” I say coming back into the room.
Greg                      "You’re definitely sure?" I whispered as he traced my lips and I just needed the confirmation from him plain and simple, just so it would settle my head screaming at me. I stepped back as he pushed me against the wall and kept my eye.
Mycroft                 I nearly came undone at the sight of him kneeling in front of me. I swallowed hard, "Rosie is just down the hall," I said, with just a touch of regret in my voice. "This is a profoundly bad idea right now..."
Greg                      "It is.. Nice to meet you" I nod and shake his hand firmly, holding my own bags when Peter insisted he'd carry them. I wasn't going to start letting him pet me and I held my stance a little straighter then.
Greg                      "I wouldn't really ask you to go anywhere. I guess there was just a part of me that thought you'd leave." I admitted and it really was letting him see the really raw and vulnerable me.
Greg                      "I'm just gonna put a few more things away and then I can make us dinner. What do you think?" I call from the kitchen and it was mainly just small photos that I'd had on my fridge at home that had been packed. Oddly.
Mycroft                 "For many reasons, yes. But one does what one must, no matter how personally painful it might be."
Greg                      "Maybe she was trying to expose what the Russians were doing with what circle she was involved with... people often do that when they're spooked, scared." I pick the diary up again and put it simply back on the table watching Sherlock
James Morgan      "Only to handsome Army Doctors. Now you have to drink.  Did you have a good time today?"
Greg                      "I'm sure she will and were gonna have a bit of pasta first and then we can make a cake tomorrow if you'd like." I raised an eyebrow at sherlock, knowing he was trying to wind me up but I was happy to have her whenever.
Sherlock               "Me?" My breath catches, staring at him openly now. "John. I'm sure you've noticed. I am not a woman."
Greg                      "Okay, there's some coffee still in the pot and some cut up cob if you just want to put some jam on it." I smiled through a yawn, now sat in a pair of chinos with a smart jumper over the top.
Sherlock               Gasping, I lean closer too, speaking loud and very fast, words tumbling out over each other, "You've been shot in two places but you're alive and we're here and Lestrade is here but I'm not sure he counts and Bee is also here but you threw him to the ground."
Mycroft                 I looked at my latest message from Anthea. "It appears Anthea is sending someone out to locate your brother and sister-in-law, to ensure their safety, just in case. I expect they will be calling you later this evening.”
Mycroft                 I laughed faintly, "Magic wand..." I mumbled, sleep finally overtaking me. The dreams I had were disjointed and strange, but all of them seemed to feature Lestrade rescuing me.
Mycroft                 "I need to see Mr. Morgan," I snarled angrily. "I need to hear him explain exactly what happened that night." My voice got louder, as my rage got the better of me for a moment. My knuckles were white as I flexed my hands.
Mycroft                 I shuddered as Greg's hand closed around my cock. My hips twitched, thrusting into his hand. "Mmmm, Greg... " I mumbled, closing my eyes
Peter Harkness    Seeing now why they sent a cop and not a military guy to be he chief of security I had to play it extra cool. “Oh wow! I bet you’ve got lots of crazy work stories then! But... why did you get this assignment then? No offense, but you’re not the typical military hired guns I see for this job.”
Greg                      I stir when I hear someone calling my name, my neck reminding me that I shouldn't be putting my head back and I then had Mycroft kissing my cheek again. "Sorry." I whispered through a yawn and then saw Rosie fast asleep in my lap with a blanket over her.
Greg                      I'd felt my heart jump into my throat when he'd said about the fantasy but also when he started licking at my pre cum. I knew this wasn't going to take long when he took my head in his mouth, my fingers brushing through his hair and I was moving my hips just a little.
Greg                      "You have too many clothes on." I chuckled against his lips as we kissed and I pulled back to rip his shirt apart, knowing he could get another quite easily. That's when I heard his phone vibrate again and watched Mycroft sit back so he could sort out his trousers.
Sherlock               It's a quite rare thing to see my brother in such a good mood these days. Nodding I gesture over the table, reaching for my wine glass, "She was even more cross when she went to cook dinner that night and found I had left the freezer open and pulled out half of its content in my quest for a weapon."
Sherlock               Dashing over to where I last saw my brother I pause, spinning around and yelling at Lestrade, "Where's Mycroft? Where is he Lestrade?"
Greg                      I let out a small chuckle and shook my head, my eyes watching Sherlock begin to cut the ribbon until I heard two loud gunshots in my ear. It made my hearing ring, my eyes immediately scanning around and then froze on Mycroft on the ground with blood on his jacket. My stomach turned sickly.
Sherlock               My nose twitches, a little smile on my lips as I deduce that the man in front of us is likely just an idiot
Sherlock replied, a bit disappointed in himself that John had recovered so quickly. Perhaps he was unsatisfactory, he thought with a frown, still pumping in and out of his Omega.
." All moodiness and guilt were gone as the Alpha buried himself in his mate over and over again, his knot continuing to swell, stretching John's entrance deliciously wider with each thrust. He was proud of what he'd done; his cock swelled impossibly more as John praised him and Sherlock accepted the adoration. "
"I'm surprised you have things that still fit," Sherlock mused, looking John over with semi-approval, and noticing that the Omega now wore tracksuit bottoms to accommodate his new waistline. "Don't put the parka on just yet - you don't want to get overheated while we're still indoors. We'll fetch it before we leave Baker Street. You can simply stand out of sight while I get Mrs Hudson seated." He pulled at the baggy material of the jumper with a small frown. "Surely you have something more form-fitting? Out of everything that used to fit you so well, there must be something that will show off your size better than this." The Alpha turned to John's closet and began rummaging through it for a smaller garment. "Here," he said finally, pulling out an oatmeal-coloured one, "Do you think this will do?"
"Hell if I know," Lestrade chuckled in amusement. The grey-haired inspector lounged casually in one of the plush, white chairs standard to all the venue's dressing rooms, his long legs stretched out and crossed in front of him. He loosened his own tie even further as he watched the detective struggle and round irately on another attendant who had begun swiping at his suit with a lint-roller. "Sherlock, calm down! You're acting jumpier than a goddamn jackrabbit. If I didn't know you any better, I'd say you have a bad case of nerves."
, Sherlock... Mmm... ah, touch me, feel if I'm dilated... coming on fast now," he mumbled, closing his eyes as his breathing grew heavy.
"If you say so." Sherlock chuckled and adjusted himself to let John sit, fondly guiding the Omega to cozy up against him in his lap. He wrapped one arm around his mate, his hand cupping John's belly, his chin resting on the Omega's shoulder. He purred as he tore open the next wrapping, revealing the elegant box of chocolates. "I thought you said the hat was the only one we can't share," he teased, his voice deep and smooth. He eased open the lid, grinning as he saw the rich sweets nestled in their individual papers. "Though I might be persuaded..." Carefully, the Alpha plucked one out, his eyes dark as he slowly brought it to the Omega's lips.
His brother's mate, the Omega that Sherlock had willingly shared with him, a man who had allowed him to nurse at his breast; his very existence, what they had shared, was a testament to the vastly improved relationship between the two brothers. Perhaps, with a little more effort, everything could be resolved between them.
"John whined helplessly, bucking his hips and all but sobbing with pleasure. After a few quick strokes from his Alpha's hand he came
. All but vibrating with the deep purrs that resonated through his chest, John allowed Sherlock to help him eat his breakfast. They fed each other, kissing lazily in between bites, taking their time. Despite the huge feast they'd had the night before, John managed to clear his plate (and steal some of Sherlock's) and rubbed his cheek against Sherlock's chest, happy to let his Alpha dictate the pace of the day.
"Same here. Let's go and see the last contender then, shall we?" he asked, stroking his mate's cheek. He led them back out of the summer house and informed the estate agent that after careful deliberation they were unfortunately not going to be making an offer but were eager to see the final property. The man smiled understandingly and offered them a lift to the next place which they accepted gratefully, and a little over fifteen minutes later they were pulling up outside a smart townhouse near Regent's Park. It was spread comfortably over four floors, with large paned windows and the spacious rooms indicating the wealth of the original owners. It was decorated simply but elegantly; pastel wallpapers and thick carpets, heavy curtains and claw-footed furniture. It had a decently sized garden and a parlour on the third floor which could serve as a nursery, one floor below the master suite which occupied much of the top floor. It felt a little grand and imposing to John, but it clearly needed no structural work at all and he quite liked much of the decoration. That said, the kitchen was on the small size, it wasn't near a tube station and it only had seven bedrooms rather than their ideal eight. After the full tour he turned to his mate. "What do you think of this one?" he asked mildly, giving away nothing about his own feelings.
Sherlock sunk deep into John over and over again, the renewed action on stage drawing his attention back to the show. He licked his lips, hardly able to imagine the number of pups the writhing Omega had conceived so far, only to be stuffed with more. His own knot began to swell further as Anthony worked his way towards release, and he nipped at John's neck, growling lowly, his body pressed flush against his mate's. He panted harder, his thrusts increasing in speed. "Come for me," he growled, his knot now too swollen to pull out. "I want to feel you, hear you. Loudly, now."  He gasped and groaned lowly, pushing in as deep as he could as his knot expanded suddenly, his enormous member flooding John with seed. The Alpha shook and trembled, his hand pressed to the lowest swell of the Omega's belly.
John could smell his Alpha's arousal in the air and he licked his lips, giving a coy little whine to show how much he wanted Sherlock's cock.
" he gasped, growing still wetter as he made pretty little keens and whines, clasping his arms around the Alpha's neck.
John purred as Sherlock worshipped him, stroking his mate's hair. "Have I pleased you, my Alpha?" he murmured seductively, spreading his legs, his hole slick as Sherlock teased it with his fingers and his scent deepening, curling around him in sweet tendrils drawing the Alpha in, addictive and heady. John mewled and whined as Sherlock touched and tasted him, his exposed navel sensitive and tingling, his entrance preparing for a thick cock and knot now that the nest was built. "My Alpha," John purred again, displaying himself shamelessly, feeling voluptuous and wanton, slowly kneeling, allowing Sherlock to continue worshipping his gravid form, before his instincts demanded submission to encourage a knot and he pushed tentatively at Sherlock to roll him onto his back. "It's my turn to worship you," he crooned stroking his Alpha's cock and kissing his balls. "I want to suckle on that magnificent cock that put so many babies in me... Get it nice and wet for you to mount me and slip it into me... May I kneel for you?" he smiled, lying beside him.
It was impossible to discern the genders of the embryos, of course, but that didn't mean he couldn't try. "Two boys, one girl," he replied softly, trying to reason with probability instead, "Two Alphas, one Omega. Perhaps three Alphas." Considering Sherlock's incredible virility, and how eight of the total thirteen children born had been Alphas, it was not unlikely that John would produce another litter strong in Alphas this time, as well. Sherlock secretly thought he'd like to keep his Omega pregnant for as long as possible, only allowing one or two of the remaining eggs to drop with each round of breeding.
John couldn't help but spread his legs, feeling himself growing slick and aroused the more he displayed himself. With a deep rumble, the Alpha placed one large hand on his mate's swollen belly, beginning to rub in sensual, tender circles, and the Omega mewled prettily in response.
John smiled bravely as Mrs Hudson bustled over and took the seat next to him on the sofa, keeping a respectful distance; Sherlock's protective instincts would not tolerate even a friendly, safe Beta touching his mate. He surprised himself with how much he genuinely enjoyed their conversation about knitting; comparing favourite brands of yarn, different pattern sources, the kinds of garments the pups would need as they grew.
John perched on the rim of the bath, reaching out to turn the taps on. "I've changed my mind," he purred. "I want a bath. It's going to take a long time to clean me up properly and I don't want to be on my feet for that long..." He smirked and licked his lips, his eyes fixed on his mate's obviously interested cock. "Besides, we had this lovely huge corner bath installed... we'll both fit comfortably. Although my belly will sit high out of the water, stuffed with so many of your pups... But you love that, don't you? You love that I'm carrying your young, that you've given me such massive brood to carry it'll incapacitate me..." The bath filled quickly and he heaved himself to his feet, holding a hand out so his mate could help him climb into the bath.
if you take it. So Daddy was chasing the bad man, and the bad man ran into a dark warehouse, and he hid, and he hit Daddy in the head with a fire extinguisher." John didn't add that when Greg had found Sherlock, he had been cuddling the fire extinguisher and talking to it as if it was one of his pups. He also didn't mention that Sherlock had flatly refused to be parted from it and that it had had to come in the ambulance with him.
John purred quietly, blinking demurely as he smiled up at his mate and spread his legs for him, inviting him back in. He couldn't get enough of his Alpha's praise and pride, pushing complete fulfilment and contentment through their bond.
. It was the Christmas Sherlock had never had, but always dreamed about. The kind he only heard about from his sire's business associates talking about their own holidays, or saw in fanciful displays in shop windows in town. He kissed his Omega again.
hide it, even when you're not hard, there's always a slightly visible bulge... you'll get bigger when this litter is born..." He patted his belly, satisfied. "And you'll get bigger
Further browsing was interrupted as the curtain began to lift. "Hush now," Sherlock ordered, setting the book aside and settling back in the armchair, his eyes darkening in anticipation.
Sherlock kept up a low, steady purr, beginning to lick John's cheek gently, lovingly cleaning the sweat from his mate. He paused to gaze down at his Omega spread out underneath him, his eyes roaming adoringly over the mounds of John's breasts and the heavy swell of his belly, taking in his position. He smiled and began to rub John's rounded abdomen in large circles, moving slowly inside the Omega as he did so. He lavished John with attention, making sure to flood the bond with his care.
John froze, wanting to move closer and retreat at the same time. "You... you want me? Outside of heat?" he gasped, suddenly energised. He began crawling towards Sherlock with more purpose. "You never... no signs... are you... are you sure?" he purred, happier now that he could see Sherlock wanted him for him and not hormones.
make it tonight because he's not had to do overtime," John smiled at his mate reassuringly. "So Papa Greg and Auntie Molly will be here to spoil you rotten as well! Lucky babies..."
John kicked out as best he could with his legs, trying to drive the other Omega away. The touch on his belly was making him feel sick and he didn't know how much longer he could fight the urge to scream for his mate. He knew he might have heard some of what transpired at the pool, but hearing his Alpha's voice saying those things to another Omega still stung a little. He sent another strong wave of fear and distress through the bond, urging Sherlock to hurry up. "You still haven't realised, have you?" John smiled, forcing his expression to remain easy and light. "It's not just the pups - it's me.
- about how you were going to bond me and put a whole litter of your pups in my belly, how I'd be pregnant before I left the building... oh, oh god, Sherlock..." John's words dissolved into plaintive little cries as he rocked faster, achingly close to coming, and then as he remembered how his fantasy had ended, with Sherlock forcing his huge knot into John and filling the Omega so full of his seed it sloshed when they moved, he came with an absolutely filthy moan, primal and uninhibited.
Sherlock, who had been turning increasingly deeper shades of pink as John spoke, swallowed thickly. "You want-
John sensed the change in his Alpha's mood through the bond and nuzzled him, purring to reassure him. He blinked awake, rested by his short nap, and gazed adoringly up at his mate, his eyes bright but somehow vacant. He was simply an Omega, who recognised his Alpha, with no more idea about their names or jobs than a hedgehog could know about defusing a bomb. He smiled at Sherlock, purring quietly as he rubbed his belly, soothing the pups, sighing happily as his rational mind began to slip back through. Eventually he had recovered enough for normal speech. "I think that went well," he smirked cheekily. "It's good we've got such strong pack bonds, that'll come in handy when this lot arrive." He stroked his massive stomach, crooning gently, frowning when he sensed Sherlock's distress. "What's wrong, Sherlock? Tell me, love, please," he murmured, turning to try and face him, wriggling as he tried to get off his cock.
"Yes?" asked the pack leader, already settling back into his old formal imperiousness. Usually he was more relaxed around the pack, but Greg's tone was submissive, and Mycroft found himself overcompensating after the discomfort of apologizing.
Sherlock gave a soft, grateful whine, baring his neck to his brother. His breathing began to slow and even by degrees at Mycroft's loving attentions, and he rocked his hips backward gently, allowing the pack leader's cock to open him just a little bit more. He was Mycroft's, the action said clearly, Mycroft owned him.
He looked at Arthur, the sated pup now lying spread eagle on the duvet in a milky slumber. The Alpha looked up when his mate's stomach growled.
Sherlock grunted as John clenched around him, the intense orgasm working his cock and drawing another small climax from him. He moved inside John as the Omega came, holding his writhing mate in his arms as best he could and rocking slowly with him to bring John further pleasure. "Shhh," he soothed gently as John came down, breathing hard, utterly wrecked, his soft body covered in milk and semen and sweat, "Shhh, my Omega." He licked at John's face affectionately, cleaning away some of the sweat that had beaded there. "Such a good mate, came so well for me," he praised, "Did your best to give me my pleasure. I'm
Sherlock's enormous member throbbed inside the Omega, his cock already swelling at the base, the knot growing at an incredible rate. The Alpha nipped possessively at John's lips in response to the Omega's wordless plea. He could feel his release coming quickly; with every contraction of John's slick walls, the presence of the condom became more annoyingly apparent.
He pushed his pride and pleasure strongly through their bond, kissing along John's jaw before moaning blissfully into his neck as he came, his knot pushing past the Omega's entrance and beginning to swell.
" he snarled, a gravelly hiss present in his voice, as his eyes flashed thunder-dark and his countenance lost all semblance of civility. "You are a Holmes. That makes you
"Oh, oh, yes," John moaned breathily, rocking desperately, "I want it, Sherlock, I want you to fill me with more of your babies, oh god... feel them, feel them, they're moving in me, your babies are moving in my womb... Give me more of them Sherlock, do it, fuck...
John had gone back to staring out of the window, still closing his mind to the bond, not wanting to feel the agony he knew his mate was in. He knew how much it would have cost him to send that text, and he sank onto the cushioned bench in the alcove of the window, feeling his legs turn to jelly. He rocked Arthur gently as the boy nursed, not making a sound until the baby was full, and he walked slowly back towards the bed and lay him with his siblings. "I wanted my life back," he began quietly, his voice choked. "I wanted to be me again for a while before turning back into a pregnant animal. I trusted you to put me above your desire for more children, and I - I needed to know you'd let me make the choice, even if it went against every single one of your instincts, even though you know you could order me to carry them for you. I don't want the bloody pill. I'd
" Iris screeched excitedly, flailing her arms and reaching for her plush bee toy where it lay just at arm's length on her high chair. Of all the pups it was always Iris who listened most attentively when Sherlock told them about his bees, or took the pups into the garden to observe the hives, and hearing them mentioned made her light up - maybe Dada would take her to see the bees? "Bumbahbees," she insisted, waving the toy at the group.
"Careful," Sherlock crooned, just barely stopping himself from pressing more kisses to John's skin, "Keep talking like that and I'll make sure your belly fills the whole bed. It's already going to take up more than half of it..." He had to mindfully take a few deep breaths, trying to bring his concentration back to the names. "Enora..." he murmured, "And Phoebe."
" he was shuddering and spurting between them, wave after wave of pleasure washing through him as his orgasm couldn't seem to stop. The wonderful,
He slipped out on the next thrust, and quickly disposed of the offending barrier. Snarling, he sunk his teeth deep in John's neck once more, slamming his enormous member into the Omega's hole and knotting him immediately with a long, satisfied groan.
Mycroft reached out and took the box with a soft, curious expression. "I have been more than spoiled by all of you today," he murmured in wonder, "this... this is far more than necessary and I am - truly grateful. Thank you, all of you." With a tender smile at Sherlock, Mycroft unwrapped the box efficiently and ran his thumb against the nap of the velvet lid with a small gasp; he suspected what the little box contained, and when he creaked in open he pressed a trembling hand to his mouth as the gleaming gold ring came into view. He worked it out of the cushions and stared, hardly able to take in the crest stamped on it; a signet ring was like the armband and wrist cuff, a sign of his status as pack Alpha, but those were both unique to him and could not be passed on. A signet ring was an heirloom designed to be passed down, the start of a new family tree, something he could pass down to his children and grandchildren, and his descendants would know that they had come from the direct line of a pack leader. Tears stung his eyes and he blinked them away, finally examining the crest - and then he burst out laughing, clutching his sides as tears of emotion and mirth rolled down his cheeks.
Sherlock opened his mouth obediently, taking the good-sized bite of food off the fork. He ate everything John gave him with ease, wiping his lips when the plate was polished off, and crawling up next to his Omega. He gently rolled John onto his side, and nuzzled tenderly at the swollen globes of John's breasts, humming in pleasure when they began to leak in response to the stimulation. "Thirsty," he hummed, before taking a large, dark nipple into his mouth and beginning to suckle a little. Warm milk flowed into his mouth, and he rubbed the side of John's belly in approval. He only took a few sips from each breast, not enough to drain his mate, but enough to satisfy himself.
"We haven't forgotten about you Mycroft, don't worry," John grinned, watching fondly as Remington fetched the emerald-wrapped box from under the tree. The pack Alpha purred gratefully as his youngest brother handed him the gift and opened it carefully, keeping Eleanor tucked safely in the crook of his arm. "Oh, my," he said appreciatively, pulling the thick twill overcoat out of the box. It was simple, with clean masculine lines, exquisitely crafted in a mocha twill with a contrasting chocolate velvet collar; the perfect overcoat for a gentleman. "It's quite lovely," he murmured reverently, "I could not have chosen better myself. Thank you, all of you."
"Ohh fuck! Yes, yours, all yours... My Alpha, I'm yours now, you claimed me, filled me with your babies, so full... Thirteen," he gasped, feeling an explosive orgasm build quickly at Sherlock's rough thrusts, incredibly turned on by how possessive he was being. "God, yes, Sherlock, mark me again," he begged, loving it as Sherlock sucked bruises into his neck. He clenched his walls around Sherlock, making him tighter. "
The pups cooed agreeably, and splashed contentedly for another couple of minutes until John began to ferry them to a large fluffy towel spread out on the bed in the nest; Sherlock was unable to help, since Felix had wailed and whimpered when his father tried to put him down, and refused to be separated for even a second from his Alpha parent. It didn't take long to get all thirteen babies dried and dressed with the help of the pack, and barely fifteen minutes later the family was gathered in the hallway, ready to go to the park for their walk.
Instantly John whined softly, expressing his contrition, and tilted his head to give Sherlock better access to his neck, holding back the rest of the kisses he wanted to give his mate; there would be time for him to fawn over his Alpha later. For now he was content to rest and feed the rest of the pups, to accept whatever Sherlock wanted to give him. Miles and Enora finished feeding and John hummed quietly as Sherlock helped him lay them with their siblings, picking up an obviously unhappy Benedict, who kicked his legs as he fussed and twisted, trying to reach John's breast; as soon as he latched on the baby quieted, his tiny fist resting against his mother. John scooped Lucy up in his other arm and cooed as she began to feed too, relaxing in Sherlock's arms once more. "This has been such a perfect Christmas, love... thank you," he murmured sincerely, his eyelids lowered demurely.
"Oh, Sherlock," John gasped softly, kissing his cheek. "We never thought about this, did we? Never realised I'd be in my Omega but you wouldn't be in your Alpha. Shh, love, it's okay," he murmured soothingly, cuddling him close, their faces still pressed together. "You've got me now. I'm here, I won't drop completely for another week - ish - right? So let's enjoy the time we have..." he trailed off, his voice thick. He hated leaving his Alpha so lonely, while he was cooing and moaning to be knotted like an animal, hated the thought of Sherlock pining for him for months, doing everything for him, fucking him but still being lonely, unable to see his partner, only his Omega. John held him tightly, fighting tears, wanting so
They remained in their instinctive states for three days, nuzzling and purring, doing nothing but fucking and sleeping, stopping only to wolf down the food their pack members left at the door to the nest. They all but merged into one being, constantly connected by Sherlock’s cock inside John, their hands entwined, their lips pressed together in a blissful haze, further cementing their bond.
s'coming, first pup's coming," he grunted desperately, wriggling a little to dislodge his mate. "Need you to catch it." He whined a little as his mate slipped free, even though he could feel the first pup beginning to stretch him as it descended into the birth canal. "
John mewled happily as Sherlock touched his belly, humming appreciatively as he felt his mate's semen fill him and begin to leak from his hole. He exhaled as Sherlock pulled out slowly, allowing the Alpha to turn him onto his side and detach the now-full bottles, smiling as he pulled a nipple into his mouth and began to nurse, drawing out the last of his milk, switching to the other and doing the same. "Not long until Christmas," John murmured. "I'm glad we get to spend it together. Our first Christmas as a family. I've decided," he added quietly. "I've decided which last name I want when we get married."
Rosie                     "How does the unicorn make the keam?" Think the wasp bit me with sleepy juice cause I just wanna lay down and watch the pirate movie that sounds like Daddy.
Greg                      "Go for it. I don’t know what Sherlock wants me at the French embassy for but I’m hoping it won’t be too long. " I flashed him a grin and pecked his lips, changing into a cream suit with a plain white shirt, my hair still a bit wet from the shower and I heard Mycroft say my name before I was due to leave.
Mycroft                 "What is it, Greg?" I looked up from watching Rosie devour her soup, as he walked into the room.
Greg                      I shut my eyes to catch my breath and felt him shifting again, my head lifting to look down at him. "Sorry, am I crushing you?" I asked where I'd pulled out of him gently but was still lying on top of him. Both our chests were sticky and it was nearly 3 in the morning.
Greg                      "I'm just... A helpful person. It gives Sherlock and John a bit of a break and it gives you a break from them" I shrug and couldn't really put it any other way. It was just a natural part of me.
John    I look down, stupidly, embarrassed by my shortness with him. I give him a sheepish grin. “Right. Sorry. I have a friend that reads people, is sometimes rude about it. Bloody brilliant but a complete arse...” He gives me a confused look. “Ahrm... nevermind... start over, right.” I hold out my hand. “John Watson. I’m in from London. I’m a facilitator at the Medical Conference being held at the convention center next door.”
Mycroft                 "Hello, I'm Mycroft Holmes, and you are?" I introduce myself to the young man standing by the therapy table.
Peter                     I should have been thinking about not being able to blow up the Capital building in those last moments, but all I could do was look up into Greg's eyes and struggle to speak. "At least... you are.... safe" is all I weekly get out before I slip into blackness.
Sherlock               My face contorts into confusion, then falls a little, "All I can think is him touching you. Wash, maybe?"
Sherlock               Opening the driver's door, I peer in, scrunching my nose, "Why is it all turned around? Oh well, I'm sure I'll learn as we go."
Carlton                 "Ah I see the therapist has left. Are you ready for a trim Mr. Holmes?" as I grab my drape and gesture towards the chair. "I'm guessing you want your usual cut? It's been a while since I've done it, but I still remember," as I give a small smile.
He was involved in small arms dealing, drug running and the usual small criminal fare in London around ten years ago -SH
Mycroft                 I flushed a little, and took the last gulp of my tea. "Yes. I ran into him yesterday after you returned from lunch. He seemed... agitated."
Rosie                     "Pfft" rolling my eyes like Papa, "fine. But you'd need stickers. I gots lots".
Sherlock               Sitting on the bed I look over the spread-out crime scene photos I've taken from the police folders, utterly nude and with my hair rather ruffled, scowling at them and grabbing my phone
Greg                      "That’s okay, everyone is who they are, we can't all be the same." I smiled as I tied up the bag and helped him slip his shirt back over his head, so we could head into the living room.
Sherlock               Sensing my chance, I turn my winning, beaming smile onto his manager, glancing around the lobby, "I should come and stay here sometime. It's a beautiful place and I'm sure there's plenty to see." I give the manager a cheeky little wink at that.
Greg                      "I'll just leave you for the night then if you don't need help getting into a set of pj's." I said softly as I got up, flicked the lamp on and stood by my bedroom door closest to the living room and watched him storm down the hall.
Greg                      I wandered into the kitchen to find the soup still hot so poured us both bowls, getting the cob of bread out to cut rather than us just having normal bread. "How did Anthea get that basket in here?" I ask when he comes through.
Mycroft                 "Oh, God, Greg... yes... like that... I'm..." I arched my back, my words lost as I spilled across my hand, ruining my pajamas. I shuddered as the waves of pleasure ebbed, and I drifted back to reality. I sighed heavily, and swung my legs off the bed to stand, taking off the pajamas bottoms before they became uncomfortably cold and sticky, and finding another pair. "Like a ruddy teenager," I mumbled to myself, blushing in shame.
Mycroft                 "I hope you don't mind... I took the liberty..." I motioned at the bowl of chocolate pudding. "I rarely indulge, but if you are willing to share..." I picked up one of the two spoons, and took a small bite.
Mycroft                 I looked at the offered spoon, and shrugged slightly. "I suppose one more spoonful won't hurt," I said, quickly leaning over and taking the bite slowly, letting the pudding melt onto my tongue before pulling away. I closed my eyes and smiled.
Greg                      "I'll try… no promises though." I chuckled and rushed out the door, grabbing two quick coffees on the way and I didn’t even have to show my badge when I arrived at the French embassy.
I'm worried about John. I'm searching for him but the trail has gone cold. It's not like London. -SH
Greg                      "I'm fine with just water. And it's just pasta, Mycroft...  nothing special." I shrugged with a smile and it felt odd because nobody had complimented my cooking in a very long time. There was only the chief and Sherlock who knew of my divorce last year.
Sherlock               My shoulders slump just a little, "I've been observing John. It doesn’t look that hard."
Greg                      I ignored him calling me sir and smiled as Rosie beamed from ear to ear, continuing to eat her breakfast and I noticed Mycroft deducing me again. "I slept well if that's what you're trying to work out." I said lightly with an asking look.
Greg                      "Okay... How do you feel about me taking you?" I caught my breath and had to trust him, had to get past my own anxieties if I was ever going to have a relationship with someone again.
Greg                      "And we still have a few years of work left in us before we settle down. Don't you think?" I proposed as I knew retirement wasn't for me for a while, his eyes still searching my face.
Rosie                     Iz hard not to cry. I fling myself into Gayg’s arms and hug him tight. I forgot I was still holding the pretty pink polish til I saw it all spill out on his chest where my hand was.
Sherlock               There's a visible lump working up and down my throat, my eyes widening before I manage to stammer out, "The...the texts? Distracted you?"
Sherlock               Relaxing once more I manage that tiny little V of a smile once more, the one Mycroft has always teased me about as it makes my chins multiple, "So if you receive oral sex during a not date as you're not gay...what would occur if you went on a real date with a man?"
Mycroft                 "Once my brother has retrieved her, we will both be expected to go back to work, I fear. Will you be moving your belongings back to your flat?" I asked tentatively. I didn't want to presume that he would stay beyond the time required, however much I hoped he would.
Mycroft                 I leaned down and brushed my lips against his. "You would never hurt me," I whispered, and kissed him again, more confidently.
Sherlock                       With a slight wave of my hand I dismiss that remark with a vague, "He didn't exactly bring me..." before snapping, "So you admit you were keeping an eye on John when you were working out your travel plans?"
Greg                      "Just some pasta that's easy to eat, just stab it with your fork and won't be so harsh on your good shoulder either." I called as I put the picture of me and my brother up on the fridge, ripping the one of me and Caroline in half to put in the bin.
Mycroft                 "When I must, I do. You of all people should realize that." I shot him a meaningful look. "I do need your help with some investigative work, if you have the time..."
Greg                      "I've been thinking all day about the photos missing and what sherlock said about my brother’s house. I think that bullet was meant for me, not you." I sighed as I looked into the glass and swirled it slightly.
Greg                      "Oh come on, Mycroft." I stopped his hands halfway up my shirt and gave him a lopsided grin, my head wanting to shag him as much when I was sober than now. Now I was very drunk.
John                      “What was he correct about?” I ask shifting Rosie a bit, she was getting a little heavy in the position I was holding her.
Greg                      "I don't think he's in the condition to be released today, really. It's only been a week." I folded my arms across my chest and glanced in where Mycroft was talking with Anthea
Mycroft                 "He has managed to convince himself that you are going to throw him out and never let him see Rosie again," I sighed. "I tried to convince him otherwise, but you know Sherlock..."
Sherlock               Finally my frontal cortex engages and neurons spring to life once more, manipulating my jaw and tongue to say, "But you're not gay and it wasn't a date"
Mycroft                        I growled.  "I have no 'plan', Sherlock.  Willoughby is... was a friend.  From uni." I started to get a bit misty-eyed, but quickly brought myself back under control.  "I am doing this as a personal favor.  Since you're here, if there's any 'legwork' to be done, are you interested?"
James Morgan      "Don’t you have any preference? Has it really been so long since you thought of what
they probably would have left, if you could find out who the man was then I could do background on him. GL
John                      “I let him suck me, Sherlock.” It comes out as a groan and my head falls back into my hands, embarrassed.
Anthea                  "Agreed" I state as I enter the room and little Rosie sees me and comes running and squealing towards me. I crouch down and catch her in my arms as she fiercely wraps her around me. Kissing the top of her head and holding her for a minute, I'm reminded of doing this exact same thing to my aunt Martha many years ago. I stand again when Rosie runs off to fetch a toy she wants to show me. "Gentlemen, if you'll excuse us, I need to discuss some work issues with our patient" and I give a slight smirk to Mycroft. "It'll just be a few minutes."
Sherlock               My voice is rather small, coming from the depths of my upturned collar, "You had me concerned brother. I was worried I would be the eldest and have to be an adult for once."
Sherlock               Putting the kettle on, trying to appear as innocent as I possibly can. "Tea anyone?"
Mycroft                 I let Rosie climb into my lap, resting her on my right knee by the table. "Well, it doesn't quite work that way, my dear. But I will get better soon. Then perhaps you can come visit with me. Would you like that?"
Sherlock               I begin muttering to myself, "I need to phone John...no, he'll murder me....but it may be dangerous to Rosie....but he'll be dangerous to me! She may be in danger...maybe I can phone one of the other GPs...no, they'll tell him..."
Sherlock               The car hasn't even stopped moving before I'm wrenching the door open, tumbling out with none of my usual grace, yelling, "John! Stay with Rosie. Keep both of you safe and out of direct sight of snipers." before I'm racing towards the entrance, coat flying behind me
Sherlock               Huffing, I stride past the chefs, heading towards Nina's office again, "French! Always over reacting."
Greg                      "Yeah, John texted me this morning. What time are they coming ‘round?" I shouted back as I was stirring the carbonara sauce and could hear him physically pacing around.
Rosie                     I gots the yawns... I'm getting sleepy... "We can play later Gaygey. I need naps."
John                      I grab my wallet and room key off of the table. “Goodbye, Sherlock.” I walk towards the door.
Rosie                     "But but but... Balloons?" Not liking Gayg’s answer I went to Unca Myca. "They’re just balloons. No reason to be scareded".
Greg                      I nearly jumped when I heard them coming through the door, my feet taking me through and I was positively beaming. "Hello Puddin'" I said and took a bag from John, so he wasn't struggling.
Mycroft                 "Very good indeed," I replied. I twitched my hip slightly, and we both moaned with the slight movement. My hand stroked down his stomach, and wrapped around his cock, slowly stoking it.
John                      “Maybe when Uncle Myc is feeling better.” I say shoving her things back into her bag.
Greg                      "Yeah, you did and not a lot really, it was just garble. Stuff about Sherlock." I shrugged as I helped him into his slippers and then took the antibiotics into the kitchen to at least start on breakfast. I knew I'd told him what he had said, he would just blame it on the fever.
These documents may help you a little. Most are regards the head of security but some are of a more personal nature -SH
Mycroft                 I woke early the next morning, drenched in sweat, and with Lestrade asleep in the chair next to my bed, his hand resting lightly on mine. He stirred as I moved my hand away.
Peter Harkness    I was surprised when Greg practically jumped on me as soon as we got in the door of his suite. His kiss started as firm with an edge of hesitation to it until I opened my mouth just a bit to lick and tease at his lips. I had one hand grasping at his neck pulling him towards me while my other hand started at his side before sweeping around his back and down to grab his firm ass. I felt him jump a little at that but then he ground against me and I could tell he was clearly no pinky as he had vouched he was not. I let out a low growl as his hand pulled at my hip.
Rosie                     "I don' wanna mess up my pretty bees nails papa did for me. I put allll my mind on you and Gayg". I start to look around for Unca Gayg but dint see him.
Greg                      I spent a couple more weeks in America clearing a few things up at the embassy, my arm still bandaged when we flew back to the UK but the stitches had come out as soon as we got back. Instead of heading back to the yard to be a DI, I was instated as Mycroft’s head of security within his department, so we could stick close and it was also more enjoyable for me.
Sherlock               Grabbing a piece of paper from my coat pocket I scribble my number and name on it, followed by a quick XOXO, before holding it out to her, "If you do think of anything more than please give me a call. Gavin." Nodding to Lestrade I wait to see if he has anything more to add.
Rosie                     Searching Papa’s coat for biscuits. I smell Huddy treats. Now... Where are they...?
Greg                      I had noticed the name Peter but brushed it off, needing to ask one more question then would let Sherlock go at him full blast. "What's this Peter's surname?" I asked, and it was another test on his honesty.
Greg                      "About last night? Right." I asked at first and then muttered, putting my head back down to the washing up and didn't look up again when he came over to put his mug in the sink.
Greg                      "Of course I am. I would have said by now if I wasn't." I caught my breath for a moment and pulled my shirt off completely, slipping my shoes and socks off so they wouldn't get stuck on my trousers.
Mycroft                 I took a seat at a corner table, my hands cradling my cup of tea while Lestrade stared at his ice cream like an excited child. "I suspected, but could tell you had suspicions that our conversation was not as private as you'd wanted it to be." I wait for him to explain his 'gut feeling' further.
Mycroft                 "Hmm? Oh, no, that's not what I was thinking about," I smiled. It was probably a good thing Rosie was here with us, as I was sorely tempted to bluntly ask the question in my head.
Sherlock               Ignoring Lestrade, I move towards Mycroft, my breath catching as I look at him, shaking my head, half in denial that the shattered, pale body covered in tubes and bandages is my brother.
Mycroft                 I stood beside one of the chairs, looking Greg in the eye. "You can spend today getting settled in, what with jet lag and all. Report to my office at 8am, and I will give you the day's schedule."
Mycroft                 I picked up Rosie's empty bowl and put it in the sink as she slid out of her chair and ran after Greg, and I followed. I walked into the living room to find him frantically sifting through the boxes, photographs stacked on the table.
Greg                      "You did your best at the time and if you're living life with should, would have or could have, you're not really living." I said softly and decided the weeds would just die along with the grass when I cut it.
Greg                      "Yeah, Sherlock will have the Information and then John will stop him from telling me right away because of the personal connection... the stress. I know how it works." I used my other hand around the stress and felt him squeeze my hand as he shuffled closer to me.
Mycroft                 I giggled a little at the grin on his face, relaxing even more into our exchange. Setting the spoon in the now empty bowl, I said, "Let me settle the check, and we'll go." I waved the waiter over, handing him my card.
Mycroft                 "I want this... so... much," I breathed into his ear. I stopped stroking his cock, moving my hands to his sides and my lips to his chest. As I dropped to my knees in front of him, I hooked my fingers on the waistband of his pants and slid them down to the floor. I wrapped a slender hand around his shaft, "Beautiful," I whispered, licking the head lightly.
Sherlock               Rolling my eyes I nod, dropping the phone again, and gesturing to my laptop, "Keep up John. Yes, they're both here and have an interesting case for me. I need you to start going through some emails for me. Just don't...show up for your date with this American."
Mycroft                 I shifted uncomfortably. The pain had lessened over time, but I knew that I would need the narcotics a bit longer.
Mycroft                 "Brother mine, why don't you take Rosie to the loo and get her cleaned up. I'm sure John packed a change of clothing?" I knew John usually handled the essentials in the bag, because... well, because Sherlock.
Mycroft                 "I'm sure it's nothing. Perhaps some other time." I replied, sliding off the table with a wince.
Mycroft                 I was about to scold Sherlock for over-reacting when Rosie vomited all over him. I moved as quickly as I could (which wasn't terribly fast) to the kitchen and grabbed a few towels, wetting one thoroughly, and returning to the living room to find Sherlock standing there holding the inconsolable child. "Here, Sherlock," I handed him the linens so he could clean them both up as best he could.
Rosie                     I put one leg between the bar and try to slide out.  "Tank you." Bee gives Gayg a kiss. When he sets me down I say "k. Turn round. I'm good." If mastered the cold bowl routine and can do it on my own... Mostly.
Peter Harkness    "Greg! Wow...yea, I'm...I'm here with a date" I blush a bit and try to look happy and surprised to see him.
Sherlock               Taking another sip, I raise my brows, still watching the screen though, "I have some work to get on with. I need you to accompany me tomorrow."
Mycroft                 I ached all over, not just my shoulder. "John plans to come by this morning to change the dressing again. I should eat something and take the new pain medication before he arrives." I said, starting to swing my legs off the bed.
Mycroft                 I chuckle. "I'm sure. Give me a week or so. Can't have her snuggled up against me if I wake up screaming in the middle of the night, can we?"
James Morgan      "Tell me to stop if you need to. I want to make you feel good " I continue to unzip his fly so I can tug his penis out. I wrap my long fingers around his fat cock. Using my thumb to spread his precum down his shaft I start to stroke him loosely.
Greg                      I'd been blindly searching through the channels and ended up putting a cake show on mute, already having a glass of wine in me when Mycroft shuffled in. He looked exhausted and a bit sore with the way he was being a bit more careful of his arm.
Sherlock               My texts to Lestrade are blaring in the forefront of my mind like a neon sign. Brash and blunt, much like Lestrade himself. I remember him asking me to be honest and his questions about John. My fingers twitch then, with a great effort, I fling my hand up and onto John's thigh, squeezing
Sherlock               John's words seem to break my little sulk, kneeling down to help pack and whispering, hoping Rosie doesn't overhear, "My brother looked at Lestrade like he used to look at a chocolate fudge cake with extra buttercream icing."
Greg                      "Mycroft... stop...stop..." I had moved my arm out the way and didn't want to pull his hair, but I was so close. I didn't want to cum that way, his eyes seeming concerned when he pulled his mouth off me and wiped it with the back of his hand.
Greg                      "I would hardly call myself interesting, but life has a way of doing that." I shrugged and had let down a few walls for him, but I was still holding some cards close to my chest.
Greg                      I had to chuckle at him nearly choking on his tea but I passed him a napkin none the less. "Have you ever watched Doctor Who?" I asked as he found the remotes and fiddled around with the TV, my back relaxing into the sofa.
Greg                      I'd hummed in surprise when his kiss has turned more passionate, my tongue swirled around his mouth before he'd swung himself onto my lip. I looked up at him breathlessly and began to smirk as much as him. "I suppose... since you asked so nicely."
Mycroft                 "It's OK. He is very tired. He can watch it with you again tomorrow." I whisper back. "We'll let him sleep for now."
John                      I let my lips leave his and start leaving sloppy kisses down his jaw and throat.
Peter Harkness    I take a step forward trying to keep close to him. “I get what you mean, but I can assure you I will not make anything complicated. I’m not looking for anything beyond some fun and companionship while our worlds intersect. And my job requires ultimate discretion so I know how to keep this under anyone’s radar” hoping I hadn’t read him wrong about what he was wanting.
John                      “Coffee would be great. I haven’t eaten yet.” I answer as we step out onto the pavement.
Greg                      "No, no, no... Mycroft's sent down a driver, so we don’t die at your hands at the wheel." I use one hand to grab him by the collar again and I was still on the phone to Mycroft with the other hand.
Greg                      "You'll be fine, I'll throw vegetables in now and again." I chuckled and hadn't really cooked for anybody else in a while. I was glad he was enjoying it however, my appetite still not around but I made an effort to eat.
Dillon                    Placing a hand between Mycroft's shoulders I try and gently push him back down, "Please. You've got a fine rear there and it's a shame to see you hurting. I can tell you do a lot of jogging."
Greg                      "It’s alright Mycroft... help's on the way… just stay with me..." I stressed as I pressed down on his wounds and I was shielding most of him. I felt him grab my arm where he must have been in pain, his face paling horribly.
Mycroft                 I slowly rose from the table, slightly unsteady, but waving Greg away. "I can manage, Lestrade. Now if you'll excuse me..." I walked slowly to the bathroom down the hall to splash some water on my face and collect myself.
John                      I chuckle at her. “How about I help Papa make the tea show him how to do it right.”
Greg                      "Since you got shot in the chest, guess who's also going to quit smoking? Oh, it's you..." I met his eye as he shrugged and knew he was going to snap even more but it would only be until he recovers enough that it won't do any more damage.
John                      “Um... I guess so. You’re right.” I was still feeling a little antsy from having two different snogging sessions and half a blow job and nothing to show for it. I squirm a little where I sit trying to get comfortable, with everything.
Mycroft                 My head snapped to Dillon. "And that's ENOUGH from you, young man." I said angrily. "You were hired to rehabilitate my shoulder after a gunshot wound, not to critique any other part of my life. I suggest you pack up and leave. Now."
Greg                      "I don't think that's necessary, Mycroft knows the exercises and can do them by himself. So, good afternoon." I kept his eye as he was packing up and my jaw had unclenched with Mycroft’s hand on my arm but my head wasn't listening to that.
Sherlock               Leaning in, I quickly repeat John's gesture, kissing her head too, "The princess hats are in the second suitcase. Papa loves you so much."
Greg                      "It's only just gone 9am and I haven't been awake that long.." I smiled softly and had gotten used to staying in his flat, not yet moved in but it was still early days. I had actually been awake an hour from a nightmare about what happened to Peter replaying in my mind.
Greg                      "You look really gorgeous in that suit. I. meant to say it earlier but you didn’t seem one for small talk in the car." I tried my best smile where our eyes met, my own noticing the colour of his own and how the dim lights around us made them shine.
Sherlock               Smirking slightly, I step back, "Have fun Lestrade. I'm sure she'll be an angel."
Greg                      "I went too far with what I'd said to him. He was a twat but I shouldn't have used my position like that." I said as I scanned his face and I put my hands on the worktop when he pushed me back against it.
John                      I nod and meet his lips. “I’m glad your both alright. I was worried all the way here. And yes, calling me was the right thing. I always need to know that the two of you are alright.” I lean up to kiss him again.
Greg                      I followed Peter back to my room where I let us in, pushing him against the door as soon as it was shut and I had my lips on his. I'd not kissed a man since I was 17 and a part of me just wanted to be touched/wanted for a change. I just wasn't going to let it affect the work I was doing for Mycroft.
John                      I see Sherlock’s face. “Just leave it for now Sherlock. They need time to figure it out on their own. We were given that opportunity.”
Sherlock               A totally ordinary looking security guard wanders past, dressed in a dark security jacket and cap, keeping an eye on the passing tourists and maybe a little closer eye on James and John than might be needed. The guard's peaked hat is pulled slightly low and the buttons on his white shirt are a little tightly strained
Sherlock               Fixing John firmly in my pouty sight I nod innocently, "Beauty is a science John."
Rosie                     "Did you give Daddy the pretty ring yet? Was he surpized? Did he get all happy and say it's so pretty cause it's soooo pretty and I want one like it and I can wear it forever and ever and ever and we'll live happily ever after!"
John                      Mycroft exits the kitchen and I could tell that something had changed since yesterday. “So, he’s in a better mood today, I take it?” I ask Greg, collecting up my things.
John                      I pull my hips back. “James... I’m sorry. This isn’t working. I... think I should go.”
Sherlock               There's a very slight huff to my voice as I lean to pick up my fork and knife. I had not expected my brother to remember that detail and the food did smell delicious. Pushing a section around the plate I roll my eyes, "John does a thing...with peas."
Greg                      "It is me, don't worry. I'm not gonna start poking and prodding you." I joked to ease the tension a bit more, my heart pounding when Mycroft started to choke on the tube. That's when John had to intervene to keep him calm while I shouted for the nurse.
Greg                      "Ah yes, garlic bread. Have you tried garlic bread before?" I jumped from my seat and always felt a lot younger around children. I hoped I wasn't being too much for Mycroft.
"Quite right," Sherlock said, a wide grin spreading across his face. He moved to stand behind John, running his hands up and down John's arms, partially as a gesture of possessiveness, and partially to keep John's hands from roaming to his belly. He huffed indignantly as the impact of Lestrade's exclamation hit him. "And what do you mean 'about bloody time'? Have our feelings truly been that obvious to everyone but ourselves? Until recently that is," he said, dipping his head to kiss John's bond mark.
