“That sounds like something Crowley would do,” Cas stated, sounding matter-of-fact.
With his ridiculously long legs, Sam was able to catch up to Dickie in three giant strides. The man instantly scooped up the dog and held him close to prevent him from wiggling away.
Jessie didn't say anything, but she was listening. Her ears were absorbing her parents' voices while she stared at Ollie and Jane from the street. It wasn't until she heard Dad sigh loudly that she finally turned around.
Papa looked back and forth between Jessica and Jude for a moment, and Jude could tell that he was slowly giving in. Though he didn't like the idea of not consulting the rest of their family first, Pop could see that Jess was genuinely determined to talk to their grandpa. Eventually, Papa sighed and held his free hand out to Jude.
But before diving into a risky plan to summon Death, Dean wanted to talk with his family and make sure they were okay. Especially Jude, Clarence, and Crowley. Jude and Clare were obviously shaken up by everything the warlock said; all those overly-caring phrases. Dean was skeptical about how sincere Clare's dad really was, but there was no way to test the theory that he might be lying, because he was gone now. Plus, Dean had no clue how much worse Crowley's wound was. Time was running out fast and they needed to focus on one thing at a time. So, after rallying everyone together in the dungeon, Dean requested that Cas and Gabe fly everyone back to Bobby's house. All four adults, all four kids, and Gabe's dog showed back up in the salvage yard in seconds. Jessica, Oliver, and Gabriel almost immediately headed inside, but Dean and the rest lingered back.
But he couldn’t help. No one understood how important it was to get out of the bunker except Jessica. She popped into Bobby and Crowley’s room next, grabbing each of them and transferring them to the car. Without even looking at the loaded vehicle, Jess flew to Michael and Adam’s room. Luckily, Michael was already holding Katherine when she came in to take them away, so she only had to grab the two adults. Michael, still holding the baby, was shocked to find himself crammed into the tight Impala with everyone else. Charlie was crying, adults were voicing their confusion and frustration, there was barely any room left in the Impala. But Jess knew there was one more trip to make.
. So round, and juicy, and just waiting to be
. Ugh, why was this so damn difficult? All he had to do was talk! Why couldn't he find words?
Caldwell was clearly distressed by what he was hearing, and it only seemed to fuel Clare's rage.
The answer seemed to make Jude feel better. He reached down to reclaim Clare's hand before trudging around to get to Meg. Her eyes had followed Castiel through the crowd but turned to see them as they approached.
Everyone, especially Dean, was surprised at Cas's short tone. Dean was glad Cas seemed to be on his side of course, but he never expected Cas to scold Gabriel like that. Not after taking up for him the night before. Maybe Cas was just as pissed as Bobby. Gabriel flicked some of his syrup-soaked hair to the side to give Cas a raised eyebrow.
It took everything Dean had not to spit his coffee across the room. Instead, he forced himself to swallow it hard, burning his throat in the process. Cas spun around to look at Dean with apprehension, clearly having the same reaction Dean did. Michael and Adam? The angels' oldest sibling and the Winchesters' half-brother? No one had heard from them since the Darkness incident! Why in the world would Jude want to invite them to his wedding?!
“Give me my daughter,” Jessica hissed.
The blue-eyed angel sitting beside him looked totally confused. Cas had no idea what was going on, but Dean could hear his own heart pounding in his ears. He was already breathing heavily, wanting to touch Cas
Bobby glanced down at the drawing in his hand, seeing Crowley's young face again. How could he ever think that his mother would make Bobby turn away from him?
Bee instead. That was what Jude named his toy because he always heard Cas call it by its full name. The sweet and tender memory made Dean smile for a minute... but then, it made him feel even worse than before. Jude was ten, now. He could speak clearly. But he wasn't happy. He wasn't safe. He was locked away in a cage somewhere and Dean couldn't get to him. The promise Dean made him a few days before, about always being there to save him, seemed to be just a lie. Dean couldn't save him. He was the worst parent in the world...
Crowley's mahogany eyes rolled at Gabriel's statement. Dean was getting rather sick of just standing there, waiting for a freakin' explanation. His patience was already wearing thin.
Castiel instantly blinked down at his husband in bewilderment. Was Dean still in awe of that event? Even though it happened so long ago? Perhaps it had something to do with the aphrodisiac circulating in his body. Dean eventually sighed and laid his head against the angel's chest, hugging him horizontally.
Jude felt like his bubble of happiness popped. Dead? Oh man, that was so sad. Jude didn't want to think about how awful it would be to see his Daddy die. He hoped that would never happen to him. He loved his Daddy too much... Still, even though he heard that Dad's dad was dead, Jude was still curious about him. Was he a good Dad? Jude bet that he was. Because Daddy must have learned his skills from somewhere...
“I asked you if you wanted to say your vows first,” Grandpa explained.
“Alright. See you in a minute,” he muttered.
“What do you think, Cas?” Dean grinned.
Gabe finally looked away from the phone to blink down at Sam in surprise.
“Oliver, you can't drop out of school! That's a terrible decision!” Dad breathed in shock.
Bobby's face reddened even more.
“Okay,” Jess shrugged, “We can be like The Three Musketeers.”
“No, it's okay,” Jane interrupted with a shrug, even though her voice was kind of high, “Every family has secrets... At least some of yours are good ones... Not everyone is so lucky...”
"Fine," he huffed, raising his head to glance at everyone around the room, "My name's Clarence. I'm from Chicago. I've been looking for you guys for years, because I need you to find my mom. I'm pretty sure you already know her. Her name's Meg."
?” Cas asked, appalled, “Perhaps I should give you a stern reminder of the power it's capable of.”
“It's... it's too much white,” he mumbled without looking up.
Luckily, Ollie tossed the nude magazines back in the bag, finally ridding the room of the sinful pictures so that Jude could breathe evenly again. Once he zipped the bag, Ollie popped his head back up to give his friend a serious look.
“You okay, kid?” Gabriel asked, running his hand up and down Sam's back.
Jude’s thoughts eventually led him back to the day before, when the family was gathered in the study, talking about their individual experiences with making babies. Michael’s was the only one that truly haunted Jude. ‘
“We've got to get out of here! Cas and I are
Dean turned away to hide the somber smirk that flashed on his face. Even with everything that was going on, Sam was still worried about his older brother.
“Jessica, I'm unsure if having anyone else in the room during the delivery is safe,” he admitted, “If the area is too crowded -”
Sam glanced down at the archangel in surprise. He thought that Gabriel, of all people, would be the most inclined to believe Dean's story. Wasn't he happy? Wasn't he excited to hear that his dad was still watching over them? When Gabe stated his very blunt opinion on the subject, Dean narrowed his eyes and tilted his head.
Now, there were only a few more gifts left to open. Gabriel's dog was romping happily in the massive sea of ripped paper on the floor and Dean tried his best to shove it all out of the way so that Sam could hand him the next present. This one was pretty big but not very heavy.
Dean met eyes with Sam across the table and could tell that the guy was at a loss for words. Every time Jessica dreamed about something, it always came true. Over the past year and a half, the Winchesters had become accustomed to hearing her talk about the future. She was able to do small things like predict changes in the weather, sing songs that weren't even recorded yet, or in this case, know exactly what she was going to wear the next day. The little girl had a remarkable gift and her daddies and uncles always praised her for being special.
parents have been happily married for nearly eighteen years now,” Sam smirked a little, “Gabe and I have been through a lot, but we've made it. You already know that, Oliver. You've been there to see it.”
"What? Throw naked girls in the trash? I can't do that, man! They're
Dean scooped up a handful of mashed potatoes from the plate in front of him and slapped it across Sam's torso. The younger brother gasped in surprise, looking down at his ruined attire.
Clare smiled with his eyebrows raised.
“I can't wait,” Sam replied lowly, tossing the archangel a smirk over his shoulder.
“He... He wants to g – give up,” Jessica stammered, keeping her face toward Ollie's chest because she couldn't bare to look anyone in the eye, “He's not gone, but he can't – he can't fight it much longer. He wouldn't listen to me! He shut me out!”
“Oh, yeah? That's sweet,” uncle Gabe replied with a smile, “Why did you want to find me? Did you want to catch a baseball game? Go fishing? Do bro stuff? I would love to bond with you, Raphie, but I can't do any of that from inside this cage. Sorry. You'll have to take a rain check.”
The baby was going to be born soon!
“Sam!” he grinned, feeling moisture in his eyes, “I – I'm so glad to see you!”
big. Jessica carefully backed away from the bear, hoping that he wouldn't hurt her. But he kept walking toward her, sniffing in her direction. A little bit of fear started to rise in Jessie's stomach. Uh-oh. What if he tried to hurt her? Or the baby she was trying to save?
“What?” Dean asked, face skewed with confusion. “What are you talking about? They didn’t do anything.”
Cas made a face and opened his mouth like he was going to ask Dean what ‘old school’ meant, but his breath was stolen when Dean scooped him up and rolled him down onto the front seat. With Cas on his back and legs curled up, Dean took the time to slide the flannel pants and boxer shorts off the angel, leaving him naked on the dark upholstery. Dean’s eyes drank in the sight of Cas’s dick as it bounced out to wave around excitedly. Dean’s husband was completely naked before him, writhing around and spreading his legs for Dean to see every inch of him. Dean almost came right there on the spot. But he had enough willpower to pause and lather his own fingers with saliva, before bringing them down to slide them into Cas’s clenching hole one at a time.
“Buddy system, Papa,” Jess answered.
“I want to go down there and see him,” Gabriel finally said, “I've gotta know if he's still kicking.”
“Yay! We’re gonna go to the bunker! I’m gonna bring my toys!” Gibson rejoiced.
“... in your pocket?” he said again, sounding a little confused.
“Bobby, I want you to meet somebody,” Dean began.
“We'll talk in here,” he stated.
“So much for a happy birthday. Sorry, Superman,” Clarence huffed, tightening his arm around Jude's shoulder, “At least you're okay.”
“It's not pointless!” Clarence yelled, briefly hitting his fist against Bobby's bookshelf, “We're going to get Jude back if it kills us all!”
The inside of Clare’s old bedroom smelled faintly of his cologne. Jude breathed in deep as the two of them parted to finish taking off their clothes, savoring the scent. It was only five years earlier that he and Clare made love for the first time in this very room. They were only teenagers back then, with so little knowledge of love, life, or the world… Jude noticed that Clare was panting more than usual. The guy sounded completely out of breath and they hadn’t even made it to the bed yet.
“Well then,” she hummed lowly, turning her sight to everyone else, “Samuel, be a dearie and put the kettle on. Robert, I'm going to need you to retrieve a few things for me, love... Those birds don't belong in a cage.”
Jude and Clare both spun ahead to look toward the dark patch of Earth. Jude instantly recognized the man with the scruffy beard and sky-blue eyes. It was his Grandpa Chuck. He was standing outside in the middle of the charred ground, but his clothes were perfectly dry. It was like there was an invisible barrier around him, keeping him protected from the rain. His ice blue eyes focused on Clarence as he stood with his hands in his jean pockets.
. We were raised in this shit and now we're both screwed up. Bobby had it right the first time. We
“Thanks Ollie,” Jessie whispered before letting go.
Clare finally turned away from the mirror to look at Jude's dad in surprise. Jude was kind of shocked, too. It wasn't every day that Dad let any of the younger Winchesters spend time alone with a monster. But since this was Clare's dad, maybe it was meant as a courtesy. Clarence glanced around at everyone else for a second and they all gave him comforting looks as he made his decision.
“It's so big in here. How did you guys make this?” Ollie mumbled, holding onto his unicorn and looking around the blanket fort.
Jude almost turned Clare's entire bedroom upside down looking for the shiny ring – pulling out drawers, tossing stray clothes around, digging through every last crease of bed sheets – but he couldn't find it. An absolute storm of anxiety swirled in his chest as he eventually backed up against the door and looked around with tears in his eyes. No, no, no, Jude couldn't lose that ring! Clare had gotten down on one knee and gave it to him!
Sam's heart sank when no one answered. Oh God, where were they? They couldn't be missing, could they? They couldn't be hurt or lost or scared! Not Sam's baby girl! For a second, everyone just looked away sadly – until a huge gust of wind swept into the room, carrying three angels with it. Sam flinched and eyed the new arrivals, who were completely soaked from head to toe. He instantly identified the person on the far left as Lucifer, the other man in the middle was someone that he didn't recognize... but the person in front was someone he knew by heart.
“Dean.”
“When, Cas?” Dad asked, his voice high and worried.
When Jude spared another glance up, the warm smile on Clare's face made him pause just to take it in. Clare looked so perfect like that; so happy and awed. Though he wanted to just stand there and stare at Clare for a while, Jude quickly picked up where he left off, searching for the spot on his notes.
“Cas… Baby… I don’t… I don’t have the words…” Dean stuttered, shaking his head in frustration.
“You mean Sam?” Castiel asked, curious.
Jude looked back down at his phone for the millionth time that morning, hoping to see a reply on the screen, but it was still blank. The mobile silence was pretty upsetting because Clarence usually always texted right back, even in the middle of the night. And whenever Jude sent him a 'good morning' text – like he did a few hours before – the reply was almost instantaneous. Today, Jude was even expecting some kind of 'Happy Birthday' message from him, but no. Nothing. The lack of response was starting to worry Jude. What if something happened to Clarence? What if he lost his phone? Or Bobby grounded him or something? How was Jude supposed to know if he couldn't reach him?
“Aww. That's sweet, darlin,” he hummed, “You want some tissues? Need me to play ya a song on the world's smallest violin?”
He offered the spotlight to the newlyweds, who seemed momentarily fearful of all the attention. But then, Jess smiled at all her relatives, curled her hands around her glowing stomach, and glanced at her terrified husband before breaking the news.
Jude realized that Clarence was talking to him and he quickly nodded his head to answer the question. Yes, he remembered that homeless-looking guy. He tried to touch Clarence in front of Jude and Jude had to teach him a lesson. Though he never actually looked at Jude, Clare nodded back.
“It's not happening,” Sam said firmly, “I just got you back and you're not going anywhere without me. I can't let you go again, Gabe. I just can't...”
The blue-eyed angel stepped forward to study the pan of fresh muffins left on the counter. The pastries were still steaming with heat and emitting a delicious scent. Castiel's smile returned as he carefully picked up one of the warm fluffy muffins and brought it to his nose to breathe in the divine smell. Memories of a peaceful Heaven filled his mind and rekindled the admiration he had long ago for the place he used to call home.
“Jay… I fell in love with your laugh. You know that little high-pitched giggle you do when you find something really funny? I
“Sure did,” Bobby agreed, taking a swig of beer with his eyebrow raised under the bill of his hat, “What, you think I ain't never seen a concert, boy? I was rockin' and rollin' all night and partyin' every day before Jude's parents were even born.”
“No,” Crowley answered, sounding truthful.
“Not just any beach, little man,” Dad explained.
daddies instead of one. And they both love you with all of their hearts.”
"Come on, horndog," Sam muttered to Dickie as he slid all the stuff back into the black bag.
didn't actually have sex in this chapter! That boy is determined to keep his side of the 'No more sex til after the wedding' bargin! ;D (Maybe he and Jude have a secret bet going or something, who knows. Lol) ;D Don't worry. Ollie and Jess are going to get their happy time before the end of this part. ;) As for Castiel at the end, I hope his current state of dishevelment wasn't too graphic. He went through a lot in the span of 12 hours. Lol XD Thank you guys so very much for always reading and commenting! I can't tell you how much I appreciate all your loving words! :) The next chapter – which will be partly in Ollie's pov – will be out soon! :)
As she and Oliver made their way back toward the dance floor, however, she felt a hand on her arm. Jess paused and looked down to see Jane's grandfather, Raul, holding her back. He was a very short, elderly man with glasses and a walking cane. He said something in Spanish, but the music was so loud that Jessica didn't hear him.
“Lay off him, Dean,” he demanded, shoulders tense, “Gabe made up for what he did and he's being civil. You need to grow up and do the same. Stop being a dick.”
The question must have been clear to see on Gabe's stunned face because Naomi exhaled again and turned to join him in looking at the sea of corpses outside the window.
“Cool! Let me try!” Ollie exclaimed.
“I didn't mean to hurt Meg that bad,” Dean admitted, “I just didn't want her to take you away.”
Jude jogged up the stairs as quickly as possible to get to the front door of the bunker. Whoever was outside knocked a few more times before he got to the top. A tiny part of Jude hoped that it might be Clarence on the bunker doorstep. Maybe the handsome blonde guy had accidentally left something behind and came back to get it. Jude paused to take a quick bracing breath before opening the door to look outside.
“I was there, watching from behind a tree. It was a female demon. Beautiful, but deceptive. In exchange for my parents' souls, she promised them a comfortable life of wealth and prosperity. They sealed the deal with a kiss. For a little while, things turned around. Our crops blossomed, our livestock tripled, and my mother even became pregnant with another baby. The demon kept her promise to give my parents wealth and prosperity – but it only lasted a few weeks. Nearly a month after they made that deal, a giant storm came off the coast and demolished our farm. My parents were killed, their souls sent straight to Hell. And I was orphaned. Alone, on a wasted farm...”
Panic burst through Dean's entire body. Shit!
“Dammit, Dickie! You almost gave me a heart attack!” Dad breathed, staring at the dog in Papa's arms.
“No, Sam. Stop it. You can't. You know that,” Dean barked, “Gabriel will come out and get us when everything is safe.”
. Sounds like heaven to me.”
“Shall we?” the blonde demon asked, nodding toward the door.
“Sleepover?”
“Life is never pretty, kid. That much I've learned the hard way,” she muttered.
"Half, actually," Clarence corrected with a cocked eyebrow, "At least, that's what I've been told. Don't really know much about it, but I wanna learn more. In fact, that's why I'm... here..."
“Seriously,” Oliver went on with a grin, “We are gonna have sooo much fun together. So don't worry about things that are going to happen in the future. I'll take care of it. Let's just have fun right now.”
“Dude, I’ve never seen you puke before,” he huffed, petting the side of Jude’s sweaty face, “What did you eat?”
“I was going to ask uncle Cas to take us,” she explained.
“Yeah,” uncle Gabe replied, his voice shaky, “I'm here, sidekick.”
“I'm here, Dean.”
A gentle hand snaked its way up Dean's back and he turned his head to see Cas standing next to him. The angel was wearing a compassionate look on his face, but Dean still felt guilty; felt
Though Dad was shaking his head in protest, Papa wrapped one arm around his waist and the other around Jessie's before flying them to Ms. Jane's house. With a single beat of his wings, they were standing on the sidewalk outside. The autumn sun shined down on them from the west, but a cool breeze gave the parts of Jessie's bare skin a shiver. Burr, it was a cold November day. Maybe she should have brought a jacket. Papa let go and Dad gave out a long sigh of aggravation.
"This weekend," Jess answered, letting go of Sam's hands to grab her Papa's shoulders, "It's going to be at his high school, and I get to wear a fancy dress and everything!"
A sheepish look came across the angel's face as he briefly glanced away.
Jude carefully opened his eyes and raised his head to look around the room. Wait, the children? None of the adults were going to look for Michael? Bobby chuckled a little, as if he thought that Crowley was being funny.
. The terror was prominent in her eyes.
“And punk'in pie!” Jess added.
“Who is Dickie's buddy, Papa?”
“Is he having difficulty with this game, Dean?” the angel whispered, sounding heartbroken.
voice.”
“There are no demons down here, Dean,” the king assured as he glanced around. “Please help me search for Gabriel.”
Jude's head was low, his wet eyes were directed toward his lap, his little nose was red, and his cheeks were puffy from where he had been crying so hard. Seeing the aftermath of his son's anxiety rested in Dean's heart like a heavy rock. The man very carefully eased closer to his child, kneeling down on the floor so that he could look up at Jude. Dean noticed that the closer he came, the more Jude's head lowered down. The kid obviously didn't want to talk or look up, but Dean needed to speak anyway. Sam and Cas were right. Dean needed to explain his actions to his child.
Even though the weight of terrible thoughts burdened his mind, Sam still felt both of Gabriel's warm arms circle his torso. The archangel hugged the tall man tight against him, holding him in a comforting embrace.
“What?” he asked.
"Hey, Aunt Rowena!" Jess smiled at her with a wave.
“Yes, he's the king. King of hell,” she purred, pausing to glance away and sigh with a smile, “To think my sweet Fergus would be capable of ruling over such a powerful kingdom. He had the potential all along. He's so very resourceful. I do love him so...”
you something, because what you went through took time away from your life – time you can't get back. And it isn't fair... but what you don't realize, is that all that time you spent running in circles eats away at your life, too. It all adds up. Believe me, I've been there. It's not a pretty cycle...” Dean paused to shake his head and take a deep breath, stealing a glance toward Cas a few yards away, “but there
“But our stuff was in there,” Ollie’s voice came from the back of the distraught crowd, “All of Charlie’s stuff…”
“I know. One of them kicked me in the bladder last night. I almost peed myself,” Jude admitted.
“Sorry about your dad, Clare,” he offered.
“I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to wake them,” she whispered urgently.
Jessica smiled back at Rowena, feeling her earlier disappointment slipping away. She loved having Aunt Rowena around. Sometimes, it felt like Aunt Rowena was the only one who understood how she was feeling. Maybe it was a girl thing.
Jess stared up into her Papa's big golden eyes and nodded. Yep. She didn't mind to be his baby forever. He was the best Papa in the whole world and she wanted him to be happy always. Papa nodded back and planted a sweet kiss to Jess's cheek before sitting her back on her feet. He stepped back so that Daddy could walk up and give her a 'happy birthday' hug, too. Even though Daddy knelt down on one knee, he was still taller than Jess. He was wearing a gentle and proud look when he pulled her into a hug, wrapping both arms around her like a blanket. Jess buried her face into Daddy's long soft hair and took a big sniff, enjoying the smell of his scent. Daddy always gave the most comfortable hugs...
Gabriel's sentence was cut short when Dean reached out to rip the case from his hands. The man instantly thrust it into Cas's open arms, hoping that the angel could keep it away from Gabriel better than Dean could. Cas, whose face was holding an equal amount of panic and embarrassment, fumbled around with the case for a second before stuffing it inside his coat. Dean felt a little relieved, knowing that it was in a safe place. He looked back at Gabriel, who seemed confused by their frantic behavior.
“What the hell are you doing on the floor, kid?” Dean asked, “And where the hell did you get that vodka? It better not be from our stash. I paid good money for that.”
“Ah, that’d be Rowena. She’s bought almost everything I own,” Clarence admitted.
"No. Jessica can save
Jude ran as fast as his feet could carry him, dashing through the control room to get down the hall to the garage. He made it there just in time to see a pair of taillights exiting the open garage door, disappearing into the night. No! Clarence was leaving?! But, where was he going?! He couldn't leave! His stuff was still here! Why didn't he ask someone to take him somewhere instead of stealing a car like that?! It wasn't until Jude paused to catch his breath that he looked around and realized which car was gone. Oh, God. Dad's Impala. Clarence had stolen Dad's Impala. The demon had taken the Impala without permission.
She slowly pressed further in and reached up to hold his face – but the feeling of peach-fuzz on her fingers made her start to giggle. The more she held onto him, the more she began to laugh. It reminded her of how funny she found the whole thing when she was little, and it only made her laugh more. Before Jessie knew it, she was no longer kissing Ollie, but gasping for breath and chuckling, holding on to both of her own knees to steady herself. She couldn't stop laughing! Why was this so funny?
Sam smirked, so glad that Gabe’s spunkiness had remained intact.
Dean and Sam left their angels with the toddlers and Bobby decided to follow along just in case they needed back up. His three dogs – who were now on guard with their ears up and jaws fixed – stayed loosely around his ankles, acting like his own private security detail. The old man tried to ignore the dull ache in his back as he hiked up the stairs after the Winchesters, who led the way to a door. They all huddled around it before Sam cracked it open to steal a peek outside. It only took him a single glance to decide to pull the door the rest of the way open – revealing a pair of familiar brown eyes and the distinct scent of cinnamon.
The lady sighed and straightened her dress before kneeling down to her son's level. She gently took Oliver by the sides and turned him toward her to smile at him and rake her fingers through his orange-red hair.
Jude wanted so much to believe the sentiment, but he couldn’t bring himself to feel the same hope as his husband. To keep Clare happy, Jude forced a smile and nodded. Clare leaned over to kiss the edge of Jude’s mouth before scooting off the bed.
“Then we need to find a way back to Earth,” Sam replied sternly, “Now.”
Jude bit down a sudden smile and shared a tiny look with Clarence, who was also entertained by watching Ms. Jane scold Ollie. Oh man, breaking out the middle name? Ms. Jane meant business...
Sam gave his brother a firm nod before stepping forward to entertain the demon and the witch with Gabriel at his side. Castiel quickly scooped Jude into his arms – giving the boy a safe place to remain while the odd guests were there – and followed Dean's trail to Bobby. The old man had stopped at a toolbox near the wall and was rummaging through the contents. Jude laid his small head upon Castiel's shoulder as they drew to a stop to watch Dean nudge Bobby's side.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean breathed, quivering against Cas as he allowed his head to drop against the angel's shoulder, “Baby, I love you so much.”
“But you're in
“Me and Sam?” he asked.
The blue-eyed angel swallowed harshly again. Although Metatron was correct, Castiel refused to show any weakness. He stared powerfully up at the scribe of God as he cradled his child in safety, wanting to demonstrate his defense of the newborn. Castiel was determined to keep his son alive at all costs, even if it meant the end of his own life.
While Jessica talked and worked herself into a state of panic, she felt her papa's arms grab her shoulders and fly her away. With a rustle of wings, the darkened park was gone and she was suddenly standing in the well-lit bunker with her angelic father. Jess blinked a few times to adjust to the drastic change of light, seeing Papa come into better view. He was still clinging to Jessica's shoulders and his face was an eery shade of white. Jessica had never seen such horror on her Papa's face. But the two of them were alone. Why didn't Papa bring anyone else back home with them?
“Oh, I fully intend to, old friend,” Crowley whispered back with a subtle wink.
Oliver glanced up and looked around, probably searching for his girlfriend who was well hidden out of sight, before doing what he was told. The freckle-faced kid started reciting the Latin paragraph – rather badly, Clare noticed. Rowena would have corrected him several times over, if she was there to hear him say it – and raised his head every so often to see if it was working. Clarence, on the other hand, was trying hard just to keep his own eyes from closing. His stomach was in knots, his heart was pounding, and he felt like throwing up. Ugh, he did
"And if angels ambush you? How do you fight back?" Papa prompted.
“Gibson and his sister. Our babies. They love you. Whenever you get around me, they calm down,” he explained.
Although seeing Cas sleep was a bit weird, Dean secretly enjoyed it anyway. Man, Cas looked so damn
The sound of Clare's chuckle made goosebumps rise on Jude's skin.
Having found the location of the angel's lips, Dean smashed his own mouth against it, muting Cas's question with a tender kiss. The familiar taste made Dean's blood pump faster and chills race across his skin. Kissing Cas always seemed to be the perfect remedy for everything...
Gabriel rolled his eyes. Ugh. Freckles could be such a princess sometimes...
"Let's start at the beginning. What happened, exactly?" uncle Sam asked.
“Huh,” he grunted, “Well, anyway, that's a really important detail you need to keep in mind for the next few minutes, okay?”
“Yes,” Cas nodded, looking pleased, “That sounds like a perfect name to me.”
The man dashed over to block Cas’s path and stop him from leaving. The king seemed surprised, as if Dean was the first person to stand in his way in a long time. If he didn’t like Dean blocking the door, king Cas really wasn’t going to like what Dean was going to say next…
Sam could feel Gabriel bouncing up and down against his back as he ran through the charcoal trees. Even though his legs were the longest, it was hard for him to keep up with Dean and Cas as they sprinted toward some location that they hoped the portal would be in. Sam knew he was slower because of Gabriel's added weight, but he didn't say anything. None of them were in the mood for joking right now. Not even the trickster.
The archangel finally found his oversized husband standing inside the gym. Sam was near the door behind a table of food, arguing with a school teacher who was clearly just doing their job. Gabriel tried his best to snake through the large crowd to get to them before Sam did something stupid.
“Go play with yourself, you cheap, child-raping asshole,” Clarence barked back, turning his sight to Jude's black eyes in the distance, “Is that all you've got?”
“Whoa, hey, it's okay, Jess,” he soothed, even though his voice was still high and panicky, “You know how strong your Papa is. He and Jude are going to be alright. I promise.”
“It's, uh, nice to see again you too, ma'am,” he mumbled, giving her a small smile.
“Be careful, Lamb. She's fragile,” Rowena encouraged, stepping close to stand near him.
He began by addressing the large pile of papers on the metal island. Dozens of cards from relatives – each filled with money and handwritten notes – had been cast lazily into the heap. Castiel took the time to separate the cards and money and stack it all neatly. As he worked, the angel admired each individual card, noting the loving script written in each one. The love and encouragement contained within the folds made a smile return to his lips. Jessica and Oliver had received so many thoughtful words on their wedding day. Castiel hoped that his son and Clarence would be just as fortunate...
The mere weight of his Grandfather's statement made Jude's heart feel full. Really? Jude was the only one that could get rid of Darkness? But, that couldn't be right. Why couldn't Grandpa just do it? He was God. He could do anything. Everyone else seemed to be thinking the same thing because they were all slowly standing up and tilting their heads.
“No, Gracie. You’re
But his fingers were still wedged in the angel’s hole, beckoning him to continue. After Cas’s laughter settled down to small giggles, Dean nestled his face into the crook of Cas’s neck and kissed his bare shoulder. With the faint serenade of a few barking dogs, Dean transferred some spit onto the head of his dick and carefully maneuvered it into Cas’s hole. The angel’s breath caught a little and he slid his legs higher up Dean’s torso to circle his back, urging him to continue. The feeling of Cas clenching around his throbbing organ coaxed him to thrust. Slowly at first, and then at a more generous pace. The Impala rocked sideways on its wheels with Dean’s movement and the windows started to fog up, making it painfully obvious to any passersby what was happening. But by that point, Dean was beyond caring. So what, if the whole neighborhood woke up and walked over to steal a peek? The only thing that mattered was the amazing mutual orgasm that Dean and Cas were inching toward.
“How dare
“Yeah,” Jessica answered, “Uncle Bobby said he would try to make it.”
All four guys nodded their heads in agreement. After everything Bobby had done for them – helping them, giving them a place to stay and food to eat, being a loving uncle and grandfather to their children – it was only fair that they helped him in return. Dean dug around in his pocket for his cell phone as he stepped away from the group.
Cas's throat quivered with a gulp as he shared a look of honesty with Dean. The man could tell that the angel was hesitating to say it, but he eventually let himself speak.
Jessie figured that Jude had wandered down to his boyfriend's room. With Clare calming down in the basement, his bedroom was probably empty, making it a perfect place for Jude to hide and take a nap or something. Jessie didn't want to disturb him, but she knew that they had a job to do. After taking a big breath, Jess timidly opened Clarence's bedroom door and poked her head inside – where she saw a glimpse of two very naked bodies.
“You don't owe me a thing,” Clare firmly stated, “Well, maybe a hug or two, but -”
“Dean Winchester,” the angel breathed, shaking his head as he petted Dean's hair, “What will it take to make you realize how much you mean to me?”
Just like it did in her dream, the room began to shake. Loose tools and metal cabinets in the garage started to rattle, adding terrifying sound to the already chaotic scene. Jessica quickly braced both of her hands on the hood and turned her grace on, lighting up her hands to get ready to fly the Impala – and her entire family – to safety. She could feel and hear the large crack beginning to form between her feet, snaking its way across the concrete floor, but she didn’t look down this time. She closed her eyes and focused on the task at hand instead.
“Oliver, I stood there and watched you marry her a couple of days ago,” Sam reminded, “Why would I kill you for having kids together?”
"Have you talked to Clarence today?"
Other than the overwhelming urge to fling herself into the throws of lust, there was only one thing on Jess's mind – and that was a Midwestern redhead with a freckled face, chocolate eyes, and a mile long unicorn fetish. Jessica was suddenly flying without being aware; letting her thumping heart and burning loins lead her directly to Oliver's location. She arrived at a crowded place with her feet planted only a few steps away from the ginger man of her dreams.
“Uncle Sammy, why is pizza always in a circle?” Jude's small echoing voice grew louder as he got closer to the entrance room.
Dad nodded, but it seemed like he already knew what Jude was going to say. Papa didn’t seem surprised by the news, either. It was almost like they were waiting for Jude to say it. With his arm still wrapped around Jude’s back, Papa tilted his head a bit.
Castiel watched his precious human disappear around the side of the house before returning his attention to the women at the table. One lady in particular – a larger woman with black hair in a tight bun and makeup that accentuated her plump lips – made a whistling sound as she watched Dean leave.
Jude chuckled, reaching a shaky hand down to comb some of Clare's blonde hair out of his pretty face.
“Just... don't do anything gross in it, okay?” Dean grumbled, looking sick already.
“Yes, I am,” Clare blurted, scowling harder at the ground, “I'm destined to be just like them. Because
Clarence, who was unable to contain his excitement, yanked himself free from under Cas's arms and ran toward her with a wide grin.
Blonde jester? Was he talking about Jessica's Papa?
Jess and Ollie both looked toward the long rows of pews. Jess expected Papa to stand up and hand the rings to her – but he didn't. Papa only turned in his seat and whistled toward the other end of the tent. Jess, still clinging to Ollie's trembling hands, stared down the aisle – where Dickie came bounding out from behind some seats. The little Jack Russell Terrier, who was wearing a white bow-tie collar, raced up the aisle as fast as he could. He was carrying a tiny white pillow in his mouth, which Jess and Ollie's rings were tied to. Almost everyone under the tent smiled and laughed when Papa's dog ran up to jump up and down in front of Jess. He was so cute and fancy! So desperate to be part of the wedding! Jess momentarily let go of Ollie's hands so that she could retrieve the rings from the excited dog.
“Please be careful, Dean,” Castiel added, already able to feel the pain of the man's absence.
“What have you got there?” Meg’s tone was as smooth as silk, just like always.
“Daddy,” Jude said again as all three of them drew to a stop in front of him, “Ollie wants to ask you a question.”
Though he was getting a bit nervous, Sam took a second to brace himself before opening the main door. Sunlight from outside stung his eyes and he had to blink a few times to get his sight to refocus on the people at his doorstep. Jane – who was wearing a nice colorful dress and just enough make up to look like a professional sales woman – was standing before them, holding her son's hand. Sam looked down to observe Oliver Thompson, who was smiling innocently up at him from underneath his neatly combed ginger hair. The kid was wearing a tiny blue backpack and holding a huge stuffed unicorn in his free hand – the same unicorn the Winchesters got him for his birthday. Oliver seemed so much smaller than the last time Sam saw him. Was he always that small?
After Michael released Jude’s belly and raised to his feet, Jude grabbed another slice of pizza and bit into it.
“Cas is sick. That's all I know,” Dean answered Sam, ignoring Gabriel's stupid comment as he took Cas's face in both hands, “Look at me, Cas. Tell me what's happening.”
to have sex – so long since they had joined their bodies for the fun of it rather than trying to get pregnant – that Clare actually felt excited. In fact, he couldn’t even remember the last time he got to witness Jude come. Jude was always so intent on getting Clare to finish that he rarely finished himself.
“Clare,” Jude whispered, hoping the others wouldn't hear, “Are you okay?”
. He was showing her that their love could endure any hardship or tragedy. It didn’t matter if they lived in a house, a bunker, a cabin, a mansion, or were completely homeless. As long as they had each other, Jess and Ollie were already home.
“Just long enough to interview this guy,” he man said more quietly, speaking only to Castiel, “After that, we can get back on the road again. Maybe... find a motel...”
Charlie glanced around before cupping her hand around her mouth and whispering.
“Well? Are you gonna fill it in, man?” the demon chuckled.
His hands soon let go of the sheets and found their way around Dean's neck and shoulders, where his fingertips pressed into the man's moist flesh. Dean's grin shined even brighter as he lowered his head down to capture Castiel's mouth with an airy kiss. The angel briefly closed his eyes and welcomed the soft lips and wiggling tongue that greeted him, wanting to show his appreciation for the sudden euphoria of being penetrated. Castiel didn't realize how much he wanted Dean inside him until the man was already there, pounding away like an animal in rut.
“Mmph...” Dean responded in exhaustion, “Next time... I wanna take Jude to the beach...”
“Sam?” Cas asked, leaning forward on the table a bit.
“Ugh,” he coughed, smacking his lips, “Tastes like burnt ass. Sorry I made you go and get that, Cas, I thought it would be better.”
Dean huffed a breath and gave the trickster a slight glare. Really? Adult jokes in front of the kids? Sam turned around in his seat to gave Gabe a subtle look too, before reaching out to touch Jessica's dangling foot.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Jude smiled uncomfortably.
While horrible thoughts plagued Dean's mind, he caught sight of Jude's stuffed bee sitting on the bedside table. The thing was worn and frayed around the edges where Jude had cuddled it so much, but it was still as cute as the day he was born. A sad, tiny smile appeared on Dean's lips as he reached over to pick up his son's favorite toy and turn it over in his hands.
Dean gave a slight nod toward Sam before turning to look fully at Castiel. The angel was immediately engulfed with emerald, unable to look anywhere but into the man's eyes. They were brimming with relief and love, wide and searching the entirety of Cas's soul. Dean's hand finally let go of the coat in order to touch the angel's face. Castiel's spine tingled at the warmth of the man's hand, able to feel it in every part of his body.
“Sam?” uncle Dean called from the study.
For a moment, they just laid there and panted, both too exhausted and mellow from their orgasms to fully think or speak. In fact, Jude was so blissful that it took him a second to realize that something was happening to his hand. He worked up the strength to look down and saw that Clare was pressing gentle kisses to his left hand – and to the engagement ring circled around his finger. A warm smile bloomed on the angel's face as he watched his fiance smother him in kisses. He was so happy that Clare enjoyed that as much as he did... The demon eventually looked up to meet Jude's eyes again.
Jude and Jess were both craning their necks to look out the windows when the car came to a stop, trying to steal a peek at the colorful floats nearby. The youthful excitement on their little faces made Dean happy. But he knew that they couldn't start having fun until he went over the rules. The oldest Winchester shut off the engine and turned in his seat so that he could see everyone better.
“Ms. Jane,” Jess blurted, feeling her smile slip away again, “We have to go and do one more thing. It's kind of dangerous, but I really want Ollie to come with me. Is it okay if he comes? I promise I will watch over him the whole time, and it shouldn't take us too long – ”
was the strong one, and she fit the role perfectly. Her small hands were patting Dean's back so gently, and she was whispering '
Though the man was being honest, the angel didn't seem to believe him. Cas only stared down at the plush toy and sat in silence. Dean wished he could find a way to convince Cas that everything would be alright. Because even though Jude wasn't a child anymore, he still needed his parents in his life. Wanting to comfort his husband, Dean walked around the bed to stop in front of Cas. He knelt down on the floor, shifting himself into the angel's view by taking hold of Cas's knees and looking up into his beautiful, tear-filled eyes.
Then, when the music stopped, Jude could faintly hear voices. At first, he didn't understand what was being said. They were only muffled sounds that were too distorted to make out. But it wasn't long before a full sentence found its way to Jude's soul.
… Until Ms. Jane burst into the room.
“A plan? What, are you gonna try to fight the guy without your parents?” Clare huffed.
“I've already told you, shorty. We can't do it here.”
Before answering the question, Meg stepped further in and gestured briefly toward Clarence.
After Dean’s question, Cas vanished into thin air. The man gazed at the spot the angel had been standing in, feeling fear attempt to creep into his chest. He did not want to be alone; not after that traumatizing dream about Sam and Cas dying so horrifically. Remembering the visions in his mind made him sorely miss his family. God, he really hoped that Sam and Cas were still okay…
Jessica and Oliver seemed to take Gabe and Sam's reactions as a bad sign. The fright on Jess's face deepened as she glanced between her own stomach and her parents' faces.
“Meaning…?” he prompted.
“Yeah. Let's go,” Dean answered.
Dickie panted and wagged his tail, seeming pretty excited about having his feelings reciprocated. Since Gabe was mostly done with his vows, Sam took over the talking. Bobby could see the kid's hands shaking even from the distance he was sitting, trembling as he slipped the other ring onto Gabe's finger.
The angel remained a statue in the corner, eyes dead and body unmoving. Dean used all his strength to fight against the chains around him, squirming and jerking his limbs, hoping that something would break and he could get free. Sam had screamed so much that his voice was getting hoarse and starting to crack and Dean could feel himself becoming frantic. Shit! He needed to get to his brother! He needed to save Sam before it was too late! But how was he going to get free to do it? Maybe if Dean knocked himself over, the angel in the corner would walk over to sit him back up. And then, he could head butt the angel and take his blade or something.
“What's happenin'? Somebody get hurt?”
Castiel drowned out Dean's mumbled speech by slowly capturing his mouth with a powerful, meaningful kiss. The angel wanted to sooth his husband's troubled mind with a calming gesture. There was no need for Dean to say any of those things. Castiel already knew of his appreciation and love, even without him ever saying a word. Their actions spoke louder, which is why Castiel decided to announce his understanding with a kiss.
“Hold on. We haven't agreed to anything yet,” he warned, “Just what are you planning to do?”
“Whoa there, baby duck,” the trickster snickered, holding his hands up dramatically, “No need to get your feathers all ruffled. I'm just here to eat some pancakes, okay? I've gotta make sure I save room for dessert, though,” the archangel paused to turn his sight to Dean and his smirk grew dark and teasing, “'Cause I've got a giant peach making its way downstairs, right now. And I'm gonna eat every single bite of it.”
“S – sex,” he breathed, slowly reaching up to grab handfuls of the front of Gabe's moist shirt, “Holy shit,
“I'm glad to hear it,” Clare replied, “Thanks, Crowley. I'm gonna go check on Jude.”
“Whoa, this stuff really works, huh?” he smiled.
“H – hey,” Eddie breathed.
“Jessica?”
; Lucifer’s most beloved brother. The sheer magnitude of rage on Gabriel’s face sunk deep into Lucifer’s being. Gabe had never threatened his life like that. They used to be so close… but now, even Lucifer’s favorite sibling had chosen the wrong side.
“Yeah. I mean, aren’t angels able to sense when nephilims come into being or whatever?” Dad asked.
“Yeah,” he sighed.
The demon didn't answer at first. He wrote something out on the paper, folded it up, picked up the bottle again, and turned back to Jude. Clare's green eyes seemed very awake this morning; full of life and
When Clare backed up, he turned to raise their joined hands with a shout of excitement, as if he had won Jude like a huge prize and was eager to show him off. Afterward, 'Hey Jude' picked up on the record player again, and Clare pulled Jude close so that they could walk back down the aisle together. As they walked, family members from both sides tossed white rose petals and baby's breath into the air at them, creating floral confetti. Flashes were also coming from somewhere nearby, which Jude realized was a camera taking pictures.
“Gym socks, actually,” he replied, “It worked… until it didn’t.”
Again, Clarence seemed suspicious. He leaned back in his seat to look at Dad across the room - who was still glaring at him with a spoon in hand - before looking back to Jessie and her Papa. He must have been able to see the resemblance Jess shared with both of her parents because he let out a soft chuckle.
Jude only had time to scrunch his nose before his dad gently spun him around to face the parking lot. A few yards away, uncle Bobby and Crowley had walked over to the trailer hitched onto the back of their Chevy truck, where they started to roll down a tarp. Underneath the gray cover was a shiny, dark blue vehicle that looked just like Dad's. Jude's jaw fell as he soaked in the sight the car from across the park. Holy cow! That was an old Impala, just like Dad's baby! Except it was blue instead of black! Behind Jude, his dad leaned close to whisper in his ear.
Once the lackey was gone, Bobby huffed a breath and turned to give his husband a stern look. Torture? Again? Why couldn't Crowley just kill someone and be done with it? Crowley must have known exactly what Bobby was thinking because he rolled his eyes and groaned.
“Told you he'd hate it,” Sam mumbled toward Bobby.
Dean was suddenly tugging his stare away from Gabriel and shifting his sight toward Sam. Sammy was already looking back at him, wearing a fearful and weary expression, appearing like a kid whose parent had just caught him sneaking his girlfriend in through the bedroom window. The swarm of hornets buzzing in Dean's chest were beginning to sting as he and Sam shared this tense stare. There was no denying that it was time for the two of them to sit down – alone – and have an honest conversation. Without the distraction of halos and fluffy wings.
Once the trap was broken, Crowley took a single step closer to Bobby. His hand suddenly jutted up and both Winchesters instantly reached toward their waistbands, ready to retrieve the nearest weapon just in case Crowley was gonna try something stupid. But to Dean's bewilderment, Crowley only reached up to straighten Bobby's hat. The demon tugged the faded blue cap toward the left and gave the bill a tiny flick before winking.
When Jude and Jessica made their way to the motel room to speak with John Winchester, Castiel slid under the shadow of a nearby tree to watch from a distance. The angel wanted to make sure that the children remained unharmed by their biological grandfather. Castiel knew from reading the man's journal that John Winchester's attitude toward strangers – and his own two sons – was far from friendly. At times, it was outright aggressive. But at the moment, he seemed to tolerate Jude and Jessica's unexpected arrival at such a late hour. He even welcomed them into his motel room without so much as an interrogation. Perhaps he was in a better mood than usual tonight.
' Shit. That wasn't just Jude's family anymore. It was
She had never seen Daddy so scared. His eyes were so big and he was moving around like a crazy person, swirling between the picnic tables all jittery and lost. Uncle Dean was spinning in circles too, calling out for Jude and Papa. But uncle Cassie was kneeling down on the ground, looking at some sort of circle. When Dad pulled her close enough to the spot on the ground, Jessica saw the circle for herself. It looked like something out of Grandpa John's journal; a big round shape of strange marks burned into the concrete. It must have made an explosion or something, because the picnic table that used to be there was all burnt up and tossed across the park.
brave...”
“Well, what happened?! Why did Clare take the car? Where did he go? Is he okay?” Jess asked in a blur.
“You sure you have to head out?” Dean asked.
“With twins,” Jude added with a smile.
Jude definitely wanted to hear the answer to all of those questions, especially the one about his dads. Everyone in the room was silently staring at Michael, waiting on him to reveal the truth. The archangel started by taking a large breath.
While Dean furiously worked to get Cas's pants undone, the angel was pulling Dean's suit open; using his soft hands to undo the buttons and finally touch Dean's bare skin. The contact made Dean let out another groan that rumbled through their kiss. Once Cas's belt was off, Dean quickly tugged the angel's pants down; bending the guy in half over the front seat at an awkward angle so that he could take them off completely. Cas whimpered and clung to Dean's head as his lower half was being exposed, reaching down to help Dean slide them off. Dean quickly freed his own cock too, before leaning forward to open the glove box and dig around inside. He knew he had stashed some lube in there for emergencies like this one. His hand eventually found the tube and he yanked it out to pop it open. Dean squeezed a generous amount of lube onto his fingers and swirled it around to warm it up before ducking his hand under Cas's coat to rub it against the angel's hole.
“Jude!” Jess squeaked, feeling the urge to cry, “Jude, please help me!”
“It's not,” Dean admitted, “The poor kid hates it, Bobby. I don't know what we're gonna do.”
," Papa pointed out, "She's smart, Sam. Just like you. And she's fast, just like me. We raised her to the best of our ability. Our rabbit is gonna be fine. Stop worrying, okay? Just enjoy this moment while you can, because it won't be long before you wish you could have it back."
“Here,” he said, “I sold the Dodge Charger. I think you should have the money.”
“Well, it took us for-freaking-ever to find the part about making a portal to hell. It was all the way in the back of the book. But Cassie and I have cracked the code on most of the instructions,” Gabe replied.
The man was sure that his face was pale, because he couldn’t feel any heat in it. He was suddenly remembering the glowing markings he saw the king place on the metal island. The king knew. He knew that Dean’s family would come looking for him. He knew that the bunker would be the first place they would check, because it was the first place Dean wanted to check. He knew Cas would go to that metal island because it was special to them.
After his angered demand, the man removed his knife from Crowley's stomach and tossed him on the ground, causing uncle Crowley to groan out in pain. Jessica immediately ran to kneel down next to him, to shield him just in case the magic man tried to hurt him anymore. But the guy had already backed up and retrieved something from his pocket. It was a small pouch of black dust, which he threw on the ground and his feet. And when the smoke dispersed, he was completely gone...
showed up. And he refused to hurt me. It's the clearest memory I've got.”
“I feel like a marshmallow,” he admitted under his breath.
Still wearing a bright smirk, Jude carefully opened the blanket to retrieve Gibson and hand him off to Jane. The lady instantly began to coo and gently sway with the baby, calming his fussiness with her soft voice. In the meantime, Clare walked around to pick up Grace, because she was starting to cry a little now that her warm brother was gone. Clare was still a little nervous to hold her – especially after learning about the chaotic way she came into the world. The demon knew he would have to take extra special care of her and never let anything hurt her.
Jude smiled and nodded instantly. Of course he wanted to see his babies! He wanted to see his whole family! Papa wiped the leftover tears from his own blue eyes and took a deep breath before walking over to open the pantry door. Jude could instantly hear various voices of his family from the other room, though he couldn’t make out what they were saying. Instead of coming back to help Jude up, Papa grabbed the end of the twin-sized bed and began to pull it out of the pantry. It scooted effortlessly across the wooden floor into the kitchen, where the voices quieted as Jude emerged. Jude watched from the safety of the mattress as his Dad rushed over to help Papa pull him out. When they met eyes, Dad smirked.
The whole car started to rock as Cas bounced in Dean's lap. The man tried to hold in more noises as he thrust into his angel's warm, slick body. Their tongues swam together as they moved. Their hands were running all over each others' chests, shoulders, necks, and even in their hair. Dean felt like he couldn't get close enough to Cas. He wanted to be surrounded by him in every way possible; to
,” he breathed.
“Yer a good boy,” he praised under his breath.
Dean smiled to the point that he nearly laughed, grinning joyfully down at Castiel before lowering his head to press their lips together. Their tongues soon joined in the mix and Dean slowly began to thrust again, starting up another bout of intercourse right then and there. Castiel moaned a slightly behind their kiss, secretly glad that Dean wanted – and needed – to have more sex.
“Alright, Son. We will do this just as before. Are you ready to bear down?” he asked.
“If there's one thing that being a parent has taught me, it's to never underestimate our kid,” Dean continued in a faint whisper, “It seems like Jude overcomes a different fear everyday. That boy is as tough as nails. And this,” he paused to gesture to the whole of darkened Purgatory beyond their hiding place, “this is nothing, babe. We're gonna make it back to him. I promise.”
Bobby wanted to say 'hi' back, but he was in such an overwhelming state of shock that he only blinked at her and raised his hand. Jude waved from Cas's lap too, seeming really excited to see him. Dean – still holding Bobby's ring in his hand and wearing that cocky smirk – carefully walked back over to take Bobby by the arm and pull him toward the arch. The old man's eyes flickered to Chuck Shurley again and he narrowed them in confusion.
“Yes, Dad!” Jessie called back from down the hall.
“I will,” Jude breathed, his voice partially stuck in his throat, “I promise.”
was worth loving. All Dean could do was hope that Jude saw something better in Clarence than everyone else, because that kid had a lot of issues... The prolonged silence must have been too much because Jude eventually raised his head and scrunched his eyebrows.
“Don't make me come back here, boys,” she requested firmly, “You're all handsome as hell, but I don't want to see your faces again any time soon.”
“I'm good,” Dean said quietly, “What the hell is going on?”
While Dean fought with the person on the floor, he caught sight of someone else rounding the aisle behind Jude. The man was walking up to the toddler with a scowl on his face – and his eyes were jet black. The terrifying sight of a demon coming near his child made Dean's body react without him. The hunter let go of the wire, letting it partially slice into his neck, so that he could retrieve the gun from his waist band. Dean instantly unloaded his pistol on the demon behind Jude, filling the store with loud gunfire and making the creature stumble back into the glass beer case. Afterward, he pointed the gun directly behind him and shot his captor, causing them to finally let go.
“Right. My bad,” he breathed.
“Then why would uncle Gabe say that?” Jude mumbled.
“Why?” the little boy asked, sounding genuinely interested in knowing.
“Did he seriously just call you 'little man?'” Clare asked between chuckles.
by someone in a way the Winchesters couldn't provide. Dean liked the thought of Bobby getting spoiled with affection the same way Cas always spoiled him...
Delight flooded the angel at the sight of Dean's smirk returning at full power.
“Awesome,” the demon grinned, his echoing voice making Jude smile and shrink in his chair, “So, uh, before we dive into the cake and gifts and stuff, I want to make sure that Jude gets to hear
Overcome with surprise and guilt, Dean carefully shook himself out of the kiss. The two of them both panted and looked in different directions, filling the room with the sound of breath as their lips tingled. Dean saw the coat strap tied to his forearm and started trembling. Oh, shit. What about Cas? If he ever saw his Cas again, how was he going to explain this?
“You soulless son of a bitch
After flashing a grin up at the angel's hard face, Dean leaned forward to lick a line straight up his dick. The skin was still loose and Dean's rough tongue slightly tugged on it. But Cas's cock responded almost instantly, giving a twitch to signal its approval. Dean could feel his own dick starting to throb as he opened his mouth to swallow the tip of Cas's. The angel was doing a damn good job of staying in character – face expressionless and body unmoving – but Dean knew for a fact that Cas was enjoying this. Who wouldn't love having their cock massaged in the mouth of their lover?
“It's not the battery! Ugh, baby, would you please let me do this? I know what I'm doing.”
"Nah," Clarence denied, casually waltzing in to perch himself at the island, "Hikes are stupid. I'd rather watch a live version of Full House any day."
,” she corrected, “You're not his weakness, you're his strength. Jude never fought for anyone until you came along, not even for himself. He loves you more than anything. And he always will.”
Heat flashed on Jessie's face as she felt every eye slowly gravitate to her. Uh-oh. Was uncle Bobby going to be mad when he found out that she went into the Darkness again? Luckily, the old man only huffed an upset sigh and shook his head.
“See?” Crowley cooed, “You have magic wings that can carry you. All you have to do is flap them and they'll take you anywhere you want to go.”
Though he was worried, Jude didn't let it get to him. He had a mission to focus on. One way or another, Darkness had to go. Jude couldn't let it hurt anyone else like it hurt him. And he knew that the only way to beat something so bad was with the power of good, just like his parents always taught him. While Darkness attempted to flee Bobby's house with the use of Jude's wings, Jude carefully and quietly slipped back into his own skin. In the meantime, he tried to keep happy thoughts playing in his mind; something that Ollie helped him learn when he was young. The mixture of his internal joy and external grace seemed to be too much for Darkness. The light of Jude's grace physically burned the evil thing; making it scream in pain. Jude could tell that it was close to dying out. And it chose the strangest last words to say.
“Yeah?” he asked.
From the twinkle of playfulness in the demon's eyes, Dean could tell that Clarence was attempting an awful joke. But Dean didn't find it very funny. In fact, he found it kind of pitiful. Clarence was still trying to act tough, even though in reality, everyone knew that he was just a scared and lonely kid. Suddenly, Dean felt like he could relate more to a demon than anyone else on the planet...
“Hell yeah I'll go with you. I'd go anywhere with you, Jaybird,” Clare grinned, “Who are we dropping in on?”
Sam's mouth fell open. A tiny spark of anger was trying to ignite in the bottom of his stomach as he stared at the man in front of him in shock. Not from a normal family? Suddenly, the strange encounter with the secretary made perfect sense. The way she said '
“Moose,” Gabe began, trying to wrangle up some courage, “We've got a problem...”
Clare hummed with a smile before leaning over to kiss Jude’s stomach, where the twins inside must have been wrestling each other under his lips. The sheer volume of amazement that overcame the demon briefly left him stunned. It was wild to think that his children were already alive, with beating hearts, playing together inside their shared womb. It was awesome to feel them moving; to know they were shifting around inside Jude’s grace even while the guy was asleep. Clare beamed toward Jude’s adorable face as he held a hand against the warm womb that held their children. Part of him wanted to wake Jude up so that he could share in the moment. But the guy just looked too cute. The kids, however, seemed to be restless.
” Dad uttered under his breath. Thankfully, it was too low for Ollie to hear.
Oliver giggled and rushed inside, bouncing along like a fox pup in the forest. Sam felt an odd twinge of betrayal went he heard the absolute giddiness in Gabe's voice. How could Gabe be so chummy with the kid that was destined to put his mouth on their daughter?
“Pop, I drank too much last night,” Jude admitted in a sigh, “Can you heal me?”
The attention of the room slowly swiveled back to Michael and Jude felt really curious. That was a good question. Did Michael break out of the cage like Jude did when he was ten? If so, how was he able to put it back together and keep Lucifer inside? How were Michael and Adam separate and on Earth? A severe look of defeat spread across the archangel's face and he slowly released a sigh.
The demon smiled back and stepped over to wrap both arms around the angel.
As always, Sam left Jess's nightlight on and her door open so that she could see into Jude's room if she woke up and got scared. Jude was already tucked in and sleeping just across the hall, door open and Bat-Signal nightlight on too. Sam glanced between his daughter's and nephew's rooms to make sure they were both okay before heading down the hall toward the kitchen.
Jude glanced at his uncle Lucifer, because he had a feeling that the devil would say something offhand about Michael's oath to keep Adam safe from him. But Lucifer only rolled his eyes and crossed his arms. The devil seemed more focused on Grandpa standing next to him than he did about his past cellmates... On the hospital bed, Adam eventually gained the courage to raise his head again, though he kept his eyes on Michael's face. The younger man took hold of the front of the archangel's jacket and rested their foreheads together.
There was a slight pause on the phone, in which Clarence could almost imagine Rowena standing up from a chair and straightening her shoulders back.
“Hey there, handsome!” Jess smiled boldly.
A sharp, slicing pain echoed through Jude's body and he quickly raised his hand to look at it. There were suddenly four deep, very prominent bite marks on the side of his palm just under his pinky, causing red blood to pool in the cup of his hand. Jude blinked down at his own blood, feeling a little woozy. Being an angel, he hardly ever saw his own blood before, and the sight and warmth of it gathering in his palm kind of made him sick. Clarence, Bobby, and Crowley all stepped closer to look at it in shock, before Clare spun around to glare and swat at the ground.
. Shit, I think you could give a few of these Winchesters a run for their money when it comes to guts.”
Before Dean knew it, Cas was slicing up Alexander's entire chest. The sleeve of his tan trench coat was blurring with every swipe, each stab growing harder and more deliberate. Alexander cried out in agony, begging for Cas to stop, and it was making Dean uncomfortable. The man reached out to halt Cas's lethal actions – but it was too late. One scratch went too deep and Alexander's grace suddenly blasted through the room. Dean shielded his eyes and turned away just in time to feel it exploding. The angel gave out one last cry before silence settled in the air. Dean slowly blinked his eyes open and spun around to look at Cas in shock. Alexander was motionless and slumped over in the chair, but Cas just stood there in front of his dead brother like a heartless statue. Holy shit! Cas just killed the guy without even meaning to!
!” Ollie agreed, “That sounds like a superhero name!”
A sudden growl came from Castiel's feet.
“Well, sweet cherub,” Aunt Rowena continued, “the lads here are tryin' to catch a magic man who's been feedin' off Fergie's livestock -”
“Hey, Dean, he's down here,” the man called.
Castiel looked to Dean, who sighed with exhaustion before reaching down to grab the luggage with ease. Luckily, the man did not seem persuaded by the woman's figure, nor her overly dramatic weakness. He simply helped her as if it was another job to do, giving Castiel a subtle nod in the process. Still, Castiel felt a strange tangle of discomfort in his stomach as he watched his husband aid the stranger in their home. Cas did not like this arrangement at all...
"Papa, you're the best!" Jess nearly squealed, breathing in the sweet smell of his hair.
Of course, the hellhound didn't reply. She only laid down between the two boys and rested her head in Clarence's lap. With everyone seated and ready to hit the road, Dean and Cas both leaned into the open window to talk to their son again.
The angels started reaching out for various family members and disappearing; flying everyone back to Bobby's house to regroup. Gabe took Sam and Bobby, Jessica took Crowley and Oliver, and Jude closed his eyes and slowly took Clare. Dean and Cas were the last ones standing in the breezy, emerald field, and Dean was kind of glad. He had been meaning to say a few words to his husband alone. As Cas reached up, Dean lifted his hand to tangle their fingers together.
“Fine. I'll see what I can do,” Gabe eventually mumbled, holding his own hands out, “C'mere, lil sidekick. Uncle Gabe is gonna show you something.”
Sam's heart melted on the spot. Argh! That was so
“Dean,” Sam began, reclaiming the man's attention, “I wanna know what the hell you have against Gabriel. Why won't you give him a chance?”
“Ah, darn it. I'm gonna be late,” she mumbled.
him for it?
The demon sprang up from the bed to retrieve the black photo album before proceeding to hand it to Meg. The female demon wiped her eyes before opening the cover to see his baby picture inside. A sudden smile blossomed on her face as she stared at the blonde toddler in the picture.
“I have nothing to say,” he muttered in a deep voice.
Jessie giggled at her cousin's silly statement. How could anyone ever forget the taste of pie? It was so fruity and delicious. When her laughs quieted down, Jessie leaned far over to give Jude a hug. She loved having him around. He was so funny and sweet. And thinking about him being trapped in that cage made her never want to let go. Plus, she was so grateful that he saved her from that mean Raphael guy. He really was like a superhero.
“By the way,” he began, his voice low enough so that only she could hear, “Dickie told me about what happened with you and the gingerbread man...”
“We’ve had… intercourse?”
“I would apologize for ending Raphael's life, but I'm not in the mood for faking it right now. You'll have to try again when I'm feeling more sympathetic,” Crowley purred in his rich accent.
“There better be a damn good reason for you bargin' in here again, Cas,” Bobby snipped, his bearded cheeks glowing red, “You're lucky I was wearin' pants this time.”
And, like most days, Jessica took it upon herself to dress everyone else too. She 'persuaded' Jude to put on a green plaid shirt and blue jeans, and made him wear his black and yellow striped scarf. She told her uncle Dean to take off his jacket, made Sam wear tennis-shoes – and even put a special collar on Dickie. The first time Sam saw it, he had to double-take. The collar was jet-black with a sparkly bow on the front, which made it look like Dickie was wearing a bow tie. Where did that collar even come from? Sam couldn't remember ever seeing it on the dog before, but it made Dickie look so suave. So
The couple slowly made their way out of their child's bedroom and into the hall. Outside, Dean paused to take one more look at all of Jude's things, admiring his superhero posters and the complete map above his bed, before slowly pulling the door closed behind him.
“Happy birthday, uncle Ju-Ju,” his niece sang, briefly circling his waist with a hug, “I got you a present!”
The sound of Charlie’s baby giggle echoed down the tiled hallway as Jess and her Papa started for the bunker garage – but it stopped short when a puff of black smoke erupted in front of them. Jess squeaked and hugged her baby, feeling Pop jump in front of her. At first, Jess thought that the smoke would drift away to reveal Crowley and Rowena – two people that she planned to bark at for scaring her so badly.
going to happen to Clarence if his mom was dead? The only time he ever truly smiled was when they were talking about her. If Meg had already kicked the bucket, what would he do? Would he go back to Chicago? Would he try to hang around the bunker? As much as Dean felt sorry for Clarence, the bunker wasn't a home for lost children. He couldn't let the demon kid live here, especially if he had the hots for Dean's only son. Plus, Clarence would eat them out of house and home in a week. It probably wouldn't be a good arrangement...
Dean instantly spun around at the sound of Cas's short tone. The angels were back again, standing side-by-side near the refrigerator. Cas's wind-swept hair and intense eyes made Dean's heart flutter and his stomach seize up. Shit, how did the sight of Cas alone
“We're all gonna wear the same shirts?” Jude asked.
“Try it like Peter Pan! Think happy thoughts, Jude! You can do it!” Ollie whispered.
The two of them took a moment to simply smile and search each others' faces with admiration before rejoining their mouths. The tree limbs overhead swayed in the breeze, causing the small beams of sunlight to shift all around them from above. The rose petals on the blanket fluttered around as well, tickling their bare skin and casting their sweet scent into the air. And as the gentle hum of music provided a calming ambiance, Castiel found that his favorite sound was that of Dean's heartbeat against his own chest...
Crowley leaned into Bobby's embrace, letting the old man hold most of his weight, as he stared up at him with a dopy look.
Sam reached out to grab his brother's arm before the guy could get away.
. Staring at Cas made him feel so damn safe and comfortable, better than four walls and a roof ever could. Apart from Sammy, Cas was the closest thing Dean had to family. Shit. At this point, Sam and Cas were pretty damn level on Dean's list of priorities.
Daddy's huge hand found Jessie's tiny one and clamped it in a firm grip. When Dad backed up to look at her, Jess nodded, even though she wasn't sure what was going on.
“Two, please,” he replied.
Jess's cheeks were starting to hurt from smiling so much. With her family's support and praise, it was hard for her to feel anything but confident.
“We remember, Ollie,” Jessica's voice echoed from somewhere overhead to interrupt, “Just say it and get the heck out of there.”
“Huh?” the angel blurted.
"What?" Cas said, feeling abruptly lost at the mention of the demon, "Clarence? What are you - ?"
At the begging tone of Cas's cry, Dean moved faster, thrusting into Castiel with so much force that the bed began to smack against the wall. Pleasure burst through Cas's body at the change in speed and he nearly screamed out loud. One of his hands fell away from Dean's neck and scrambled for purchase on the headboard above him, to grip it tight and brace against Dean's demanding blows. Each and every thrust felt like a rung on a ladder, taking Castiel higher and higher toward a blinding finish. Though his sweaty freckled face was contorted with pleasure, it seemed like Dean was trying his best to keep his dominant composure steady. His jade eyes stared down into Castiel's blues and he panted hard.
“Si. I have called all the hotels in Lebanon,” Jane explained, “but my family is poor, you see, and I do not have enough money to pay for their rooms. Please, Gabriel. It will only be a few of my family. And only for one night. Then, I will pay you back! I promise!”
The angel finally snapped out of his trance, blinking once before flashing those pretty blue eyes toward the man undressing at the door.
“Of course we're gonna stay. This place is
“Get out of my head, Jay,” the demon warned playfully.
“So, when your Dad and Papa say that they're always going to be there to save you, they mean it,” he said quietly, still patting Jude's knee, “They might not be able to stop bad things from happening to you, but you better believe they're going to be there to help you through it, Jude. And so will your uncle Sam and I. Because you and Jess... You guys mean everything to us.”
” Jessica could hear her Papa's voice whispering excitedly to her Dad.
“Uh, should be in this area,” Sam answered, wandering closer to the theater, “The map doesn’t have specific coordinates. We’ll probably have to look around and ask some locals if they’ve seen anything.”
! And you are
Jessica was already trying to scurry out of Sam's arms when he leaned down to put her back on the floor. The man watched his daughter race around all the stray toys to the other side of the room where Jude was playing before turning his attention to the motel table.
“Gabriel, this is no time for your childish antics,” uncle Cas warned, taking the book from his hand, “We must apprehend this warlock as soon as possible, no matter how odd the ritual sounds.”
Castiel saw the gleeful expression dim on their Father's face across the room. It was clear that Gabriel was very upset with him. Not just for waking the children in the middle of the night, but also for everything that had happened between them in the past.
“Well, um, please come back soon, sir,” she called with a smile.
“What is it? Am I doing it wrong again?” he panted.
“This is your final chance. There will be no more like it. Please, come home with me. Dwell in Heaven in peace with your family.”
Jessica shifted her sight from her wise Grandpa to the handsome freckled face in front of her. Holy cow, Grandpa was right. Looking at Ollie felt like coming home. And as long as Jessica had him, she didn't have to worry about anything, even the future. Did Grandpa know that she needed to hear those words? He must have. He was omnipresent, after all. Grandpa Chuck gave her a warm smile before turning back to the crowd.
“We will need safe and speedy passage to Hell,” Michael informed.
The lamps went out after that, leaving only the soft glow of a few night-lights to illuminate the room. This was usually about the time Sam would read Jessica a story, but everyone was so tired from the holiday that he figured she would go right to sleep. Sam and Gabriel stared down at their baby girl between them for a while, watching her play with the long ears on her stuffed bunny. Jessica's emerald-copper eyes were blinking slowly, indicating that she was on the verge of sleep. But her mind was wide awake.
"How did you know about -?"
As they sat at Bobby's kitchen table and waited for her estranged uncles to get back, Jess, Jane, and Ollie quietly discussed the Winchester family tree; how Jess's Papa and uncle Cas were brothers to Michael and Lucifer, and they were all sons of Grandpa Chuck. Jessie told Jane about her grace, too; how she could fly at the age of three and heal people by five. She explained the angel radio, the current state of heaven, and that uncle Crowley was actually the king of hell. Through all of this talk, Jess was secretly waiting for Jane to throw her hands in the air and deny that any of it was real. But, like her handsome son Ollie, Jane was open-minded and willing to believe it. In fact, it seemed like she had been suspicious of those 'special Winchesters' all along.
Though Dean was strongly considering just ignoring the archangel until he left, the man forced his eyes to look up at Gabriel. The dude was holding a cold beer bottle toward him and smiling softly. Dean's pride didn't want him to take it, especially since it was from the guy who had made his life hell for the past few days. But, man, Dean really needed a beer right now...
“Dean –”
Alarm bells suddenly started ringing in Sam's mind. Oliver?! Oliver gave
“Whatcha got in there? A caldron? Some shrunken heads?” the archangel asked, trying to break up the tension with his humor as usual.
” Papa shouted toward the ceiling before kneeling down near Jess to take her hand, “It's alright, honeydew. Just take deep breaths, okay? Breathe. That's it. Breathe.”
Jude paused to consider his fiance's statement. Maybe Clare was right. Jude didn't really take the time to see things from Clare's point of view, did he? Jude never asked how Clare felt about Meg. He only
“H – home?”
Jessica didn’t need to hear the rest of his demands. She already knew what he was after. He wanted that damn scythe in the basement. But Jessica didn’t want him to have that, either. If Lucifer got his hands on that weapon, everyone in the universe would be in danger, especially Grandpa Chuck. But now, he had Charlie. Jessica’s child. What was she supposed to do?!
Sam exhaled again, looking suddenly worried.
“And what's that?” Raphael hummed, sounding so proud.
“I do,” Cas said, obviously not wanting to look up, “But... I placed them amongst Jude's things so that you would be able to find them. In case...”
“I’m fine,” Jude assured, “And I think the twins are fine, too. But I can’t really tell.”
“I need you to go to... Germany,” Dean quickly said, thinking it up on the spot, “I've been, uh, wanting a try a glass of draft ale from there. Think you can hit up one of the pubs and get me one?”
As soon as she heard Ollie's voice, Jessica's eyes lit up and her mouth fell open a bit. She was stunned that Sam had actually called her would-be boyfriend. Gabe, on the other hand, had nestled into a smug expression and leaned back with his arms crossed, looking proud.
“Jess, you've had those rings all week?” Sam breathed in shock.
? Just to get Dean back to another reality? That was amazing…
Sam gulped and glanced sideways at the sound of Gabriel's soft voice. The archangel had wandered over to stand next to him in the parking lot. The anger had finally fled his golden eyes and worry had taken its place. Gabe reached up to affectionately clutch Sam's arm and give him a look of understanding.
Dad smiled down at Jess for a second before reaching out to move some of her hair.
Jessica gulped as she gazed into the crowd of ginger haired people before her. Where did they all come from? They were all holding luggage and looked so confused and appalled, as if they couldn't believe that Jessica just tried to molest Oliver in public. Around them, a few other strangers were watching Jess and Ollie too, including a few security guards and TSA agents. Color drained from Jessica's face as she blinked at all of the eyes on her. Oh, no. All of these people had just witnessed her attack Ollie like a cat in heat! They probably thought she was a slut or something!
“Listen, I know my mom isn't supposed to know about your family secrets or anything,” Ollie began, “but, is there anyway that we can bring her here? She's freaking out and wants to drive all the way to South Dakota in the dark.”
the special ones.”
“Yeah?” Dean asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Jessie's gonna be okay, you guys,” Daddy said, looking down at Ollie and Jude, “I promise. But we really need to get Ollie home to his mom and dad, so hurry and eat your breakfast, okay?”
“You... You caught the house on fire?” Clarence repeated, his voice hollow.
going to leave me and Sam with the kids again. This time,
"Exactly! People that could hurt her. I'm not taking chances," Sam hissed.
“There's someone in here,” she called to whoever was at the door.
“Sammy-boy, what are you doing? Get away from the window!” Gabriel hissed dramatically, trying to wave him back.
“I'm not sure. It appears to be a little plastic man in a blue outfit with a red letter on his chest. There is a small piece of red fabric attached to his shoulders as well... Is he some kind of celebrity? A magician, perhaps?” Cas asked, sounding genuinely lost.
The red-haired kid gave a single, humorless laugh and shook his head.
“Castiel,” Gabriel said, stepping back to give Cas a stern look, “You better keep an eye on my moose, okay? If he so much as chips an antler while I'm gone, I'm blaming you.”
magic.
“But, wait! Who is my buddy?” Ollie gulped, looking around.
“Do you guys have any idea where the warlock is?” Jessica asked softly.
“What are you doing here, Clare?” Jude asked just over the sound of rain.
“B – because she said she didn't want me,” Clare recalled, feeling a lump trying to form in his throat, “She kept calling me 'it'. I... I was just the thing she never asked for...” he breathed, feeling tears trying to rise in his eyes, “Sh – she didn't even name me... I got my name from a note she wrote to someone else. How messed up is that?... God, she wouldn't even
, he could hear his father saying, G
Jude turned back to his friends at the table, where he saw Jessie with a strange look on her face. She wasn't eating her cereal anymore. She was blinking sadly at the table and holding her tummy, looking sick. Uh-oh. Was something wrong? Jude put a hand on his cousin's shoulder.
Cas nodded again. Dean’s eyes narrowed as he wiggled his bare toes against the floor and shifted his hips, feeling himself sway limply.
“Should we burn it in here? Or take it outside?” Sam asked quietly, probably keeping his voice down so that Clarence couldn't hear it.
The radio near them began to emit static when Castiel's true form came forth. His body began to glow, the air began to move, and the tree limbs began to rattle at the precipice of his arrival. Below him, Dean's mouth had fallen open, gasping as he watched Castiel emerge from his vessel. The angel continued to bounce in Dean's lap, remembering to stimulate the man's erection as he carefully stretched out his wings.
"Jessie, what happened?" he asked into her ear as he softly pat her back.
Until Jude was born.
“I brought everyone here to Heaven. At least, I thought it was Heaven,” Papa said, glancing around with confused eyes.
“No,” Bobby denied, shooting Gabe a glare, “Hunting stuff. Crowley's been helping me track down a nest of vampires out west.”
“Alright, look. We obviously can’t stay in the street. We need to go somewhere else and regroup,” Dean said, stepping into the center of the crowd to address everyone, “I say we temporarily move this party to Jude’s house –”
“Bobby,” Dean began, lowering his voice so that the kids wouldn't hear, “Cas is out there somewhere helping you right now. He's not gonna get to tuck our son into bed tonight. Gabe probably won't get to kiss Jessica good morning either. We are sacrificing precious moments to help you, so I think the least you could do is tell us why you want to build this portal.”
Jude figured that there must have been some kind of pleasant connection with Clare and the flowers he mentioned earlier. Clarence's throat quivered with a gulp, but a tiny smile appeared just below his tear-stained expression. Jude felt the demon's hands slide up his bare back, leaving goosebumps in their wake.
“Well, the reception is set up in the garage. I figure that's where we should head, right?” Clare smirked.
The angel eyed the man in the chair, wondering why he was saying these things to an infant. Jude's mind was too small to comprehend the concept of driving. But perhaps Dean knew this. Perhaps he was saying these things for bonding purposes. Castiel continued to listen to the one-sided conversation, wanting to hear more.
Dean and Sam glance at each other instantly and the older brother could see the same underlying suspicion and worry in his younger brother's face. It was clear that Sam could see it too; that Bobby was acting a little bizarre. Usually,
“Thanks, Dad,” Jess replied.
“Already?” Clare added, “You just got married, like, twenty-four hours ago.”
“Hey, shortcake,” Dad said, giving her a smile, “You know what? You should probably hear this too. Come in and climb up here.”
As Sam and Gabriel tried to stand up, they were knocked back to the floor by Dean, Cas, and Rowena, who all came stumbling through the portal together. The five of them slowly unscrambled from their dog pile, where Sam – of course – was stuck on the bottom. Cas was the quickest one to his feet. The blue-eyed angel nearly jumped up to grab Rowena's arm.
” Sam shouted, grabbing hold of the front of Gabe's shirt to yank him close.
,” Clarence interrupted, his eyes wide with realization, “My new guitar is back there, too! And my bike. Dammit...”
Overcome with a fresh sense of love for his partner, Castiel quickly journeyed back to their bedroom. Dean was still asleep, snoring peacefully on the mattress with his limbs sprawled in all directions. The angel did his best to slide back into bed without jostling his husband, slowly easing down into the sheets to lay back beside him. But the slight movement was just enough to shake Dean awake. The man's green eyes fluttered open and looked around, catching sight of the angel laying next to him. He stirred from his sleep long enough to roll over and toss his arm back across Cas's torso, tucking his hand under the angel's back as he did every night.
Castiel's heart picked up pace as he studied the item. It took him a moment to realize that he was staring at a large metal replica of male genitalia. The chrome erection was at least double the natural size of a human organ; nearly twelve inches long and twice the thickness of an angel blade handle. But in terms of sculpture, it was extremely realistic; rounded glans, etched veins, hardened muscle. And the best part was that it was
"I still don't understand how these outfits constitute as 'matching', Dean. They are not even the same color," Papa mumbled, glancing worriedly toward the mirror nearby.
“Oh,” the angel breathed, sounding secretly pleased, “I missed you as well... Were you and Sam able to obtain the book?”
Sam apologized meekly as Dean stomped out and snapped the door shut behind him. The older Winchester was met with the sight of the cluttered motel again and had to pause and take a deep breath. Being kicked awake, having to wade through an ocean of toys, and accidentally walking in on Sam in the bathroom wasn't the best way to start the morning. But there was always coffee. Coffee would make things better, right?
“She went to the store and purchased it for me,” the angel explained, still petting Dean's hair, “I – I wasn't sure how to do it, so I gave her my measurements and some money.”
“Dean?” Sam whispered at his back, “What are they talking about?”
Castiel was a bit surprised by Jude's sudden willingness to kill Clarence's father. Relieved, of course, but still surprised. Had he spoken to Clarence about this? Was this also how Clarence felt?
Castiel was standing directly next to Dean when they heard of the situation that Jane's family was in. Gabriel explained the entire phone call and how desperate her voice sounded, but when he got to the part where she requested lodging for her family in the bunker, Dean laughed aloud. He clearly thought that Gabriel was making a joke. But Castiel could sense that his brother was not lying. Gabriel was entirely honest about Jane's family coming to stay in the bunker. And when Dean slowly allowed the idea to sink into his conscious, he nearly exploded with rage. He yelled at both Gabriel and Sam for even considering the permission of any other people into their home. But toward the end of his harsh lecture, Jessica was able to calm him with a look of innocence and a small phrase of, “Please, uncle Dean? It's for my wedding.” To Castiel's great surprise, Dean's anger simmered to mere annoyance. He was still displeased with the thought of strangers in his home, but allowed it for his niece's sake.
“Aren’t they lovely, Dean?”
“You're looking at one,” he corrected.
“Absolutely
“Whoa, don't look at me, pal! I don't know!” Gabriel said, holding his hands up in surrender.
“Me too,” Jessie replied.
Cas's body shuddered suddenly and Dean could feel the cock pulsing in his hand. Dean enjoyed the sight of Cas coming in his own pants, loving the way his blue eyes rolled back, his adam's apple bobbed, and his moans filled the room. It never took much effort to make Cas to come. It was easier than petting a dog. Just a couple of strokes and the job was done. But there was nothing Dean loved more than being the one responsible for making Cas come...
“Listen, little man,” Dean began, setting the bag in his hand down on the floor so that he could take hold of Jude's tiny sides, “You, Papa, uncle Gabe, and Jessie are all angels. Do you know what an angel is?”
As Oliver quickly and carefully put on his wedding suit, there was a firm knock on his bedroom door. And from the severity and forcefulness alone, he knew his mother was standing on the other side.
His sentence cut short when he was yanked down into a sudden kiss. Gabriel's sweet tongue swam inside Sam's mouth and almost choked him; muting his voice. Sammy blinked several times as he stumbled back against the brick building in shock. What the hell? Why was Gabe kissing him like a porn star? And why were the trickster's hands slowly crawling underneath Sam's shirt? Once he heard the soft '
It was nearly one o'clock in the day, which left only five people in the kitchen from breakfast. Jude, Clare, and Jude's papa were sitting at the cluttered table while Bobby and Crowley stood nearby. All of them were attempting to sort through the wedding plans together; making sure they had everything they needed, discussing when to set up the decorations, managing the guest list, and trying to decide the best time to have it.
"Won't do any good to call that piglet, love. He and Robert are far too busy looking for that satanic mistress to answer," Aunt Rowena told uncle Dean as she swept passed him.
“We need to be with Jess, Gabe,” Sam said softly.
“So what, if I like to keep both feet on the ground?” Dean huffed, “It's not like I haven't flown before. I've been on planes, Cas. I've faced my fear.”
Jude felt like he finally understood where Clare was coming from. It wasn't his past that prevented him from going that far with Jude – although, that may have been a contributing factor. It was how much he
,” he denied severely, “I have
. And now that he literally had the courage to overcome his shyness, Jude wasn't afraid to give it either. The teenager gently placed the bottle of red liquid into his jacket pocket – next to the condom – before stepping over to plunge his mouth against Clare's. He could feel that Clarence was smiling inside their kiss, even as Jude's hand slid up beyond Clare's shirt to touch his bare skin.
Sam didn't fight back on that one. Gabe had just as much right to be mad at him as Jessie did. After all, Sam
Though he wanted to argue some more, Jude allowed his fiance to lead him the rest of the way to his bedroom. As always, Jude's Batman nightlight was lit in the corner, making the whole room glow with a warm yellow tint. Clare attempted to gently let go of Jude to lay him on the bed, but Jude ended up plopping the rest of the way down. And once he was in a horizontal position, Jude laid still and blinked lazily up at the ceiling. His suit – the same he wore to Jess's wedding earlier that day – felt so hot and tight; like he was being strangled by heated ropes. He grumbled and tugged at his vest, trying to get his fingers to work so that he could take it off.
A hard, strong fist flew out of the dark and smashed into the side of Clare's face, nearly knocking him to his knees. His head spun and his sight blurred from the impact, but he was able to remain standing. Shit, that was a hard hit.
“I love you too, Papa,” the little boy mumbled with a smile.
Though she felt the desperate need to turn around and look for the man, Jess kept facing the bar. It was only a few seconds later that she felt someone approach behind her. The hairs on the back of her neck stood on end and she could feel goosebumps on her skin. Whoever was there was oozing evil...
“I'm on it!” Papa answered again.
A giant smile flashed on the moose's handsome face, making the butterflies swarm faster in Gabe's belly.
On the morning of his wedding day, Oliver Thompson was woken up by the sounds of loud Spanish conversations outside his bedroom door, the distant banging of pots and pans echoing from the kitchen, and the noise of busy footsteps running through the house. Not to mention the extremely powerful smell of coffee in the air; so rich that it burned his nose as he breathed. There was no denying that his mother's family had taken over the house and everything in it. Though, it wasn't until he rolled up to sit, yawn, and look toward the clock on his bedside table that Ollie realized -
. I make him smile, and play with him, and kiss him goodnight. I love him more than life itself and he... he can't even look at me anymore.”
It was almost like the doorway led to outside. It was a dark and foggy place; like a swamp at nighttime. Lightening was streaking across the sky overhead while a haze covered the ground. Michael strolled into the place without hesitation, leaving the teenagers to follow him. Clarence was able to coax Jude along, and Jessica was able to inch inside with Ollie. The five of them made a small line all the way toward the massive cage in the middle of the area.
“Later, son,” Papa replied, resting a hand on Jude’s shoulder, “For now, let yourself rest and enjoy your meal.”
Jude's rage instantly shifted into panic. Oh no! He couldn't believe he did that! Jude had never punched anyone in his whole life! Blood was pouring out from under Clarence's nose, painting the ruined bed sheets with shiny red fluid. The sight of it made Jude's heart race inside his chest.
“It's too late. I've already signed the papers,” he admitted under his breath, “I'm going to tell dad that I won't be going to the batting cages either. He's going to be pissed at me, too... I'm sorry. I just can't live my life for other people anymore.”
“Cas, I love you!” Dean blurted, leaning back so that he could grab the angel’s face with both hands and look into his eyes, panting the whole time. “Y – you hear me, man? I said I love you, too! I love you! Don’t do it, okay?! Don’t let the Empty take you!”
Gabriel clenched the jar in his hand and briefly closed his eyes. Oh, shit. There was no telling how much of that aphrodisiac was in each slice of pie. But eating
Dean had killed Gabriel's potential murderer just in time for the archangel to spin around and see it. Gabriel's golden eyes flickered toward Dean afterward, full of awe and surprise. And Dean couldn't help but feel a little surprised at his own actions. Had Gabriel been any other angel besides Cas, Dean would have let the bastard get slaughtered. Maybe he saved Gabriel because he knew Sam loved the guy so much and Dean felt the need to protect his brother's stuff. Or maybe it was because Gabe was kind of growing on him, with all that dry humor and impressive magic. Whatever the case, Dean could feel that the distance between him and Gabriel was also changing... and drawing them closer.
Again, Clarence turned to give Bobby that look; a strong stare that said 'thank you so much' without actually speaking the words. Bobby only gave another stoic nod. He didn't have to be thanked. He just wanted the kid to feel at home and be happy. Clarence went back to looking at all his new stuff and eventually found the little gray gift bag sitting on the dresser.
"Awesome," he breathed.
Dean couldn't stop the laugh that toppled out of his mouth. And apparently Sam couldn't either, because he laughed just as hard. Crowley and Bobby wanting a kid? That was the dumbest idea ever! Gabe's smile disappeared and he glanced between the Winchesters, looking offended.
“Is it finished? Were you able to make it?” Jude interrupted the conversation to ask, his blue eyes still lit up as he looked to the witch.
“So am I,” he agreed.
“Listen, Jude. I know you’ve probably heard this a thousand times, but it still rings true. Everything happens for a reason,” he explained, “Not only that, but everything happens
“I'll admit, eternity gets lonely at times,” he mumbled, “The desire for intimacy becomes too great and I can't help but flesh out my fantasies... But isn't it better that I perform those acts on demons rather than innocent humans? Do demons not earn their place among the tortured rabble?”
“So did I,” she assured.
was a more appropriate word – to the Impala, Dean and Castiel were quickly making their way toward the barn. The smell of livestock became more potent in the air as Dean pulled Castiel toward the open doors. The angel's heart was pounding, knowing that sexual contact with Dean was only seconds away. His vessel yearned desperately for it; breath quickening, heart pounding, member throbbing. He was ready for this. Castiel would always be ready for Dean.
“Exactly,” the archangel smirked, “But you're still scared shit-less of him, aren't you? That's because he uses
Everyone looked up from their Easter treasure, including Dickie on the floor, who raised his head with an extra long bone in his mouth. All of the adults knew there was someone at the door and they glanced at each other, wondering who would be the one to go and answer it.
“But I need to understand, Gabriel. And there is no one else I can speak with,” Castiel pleaded, “Why does he long for hostility during an act that is supposed to be loving?”
“And if something happens, make sure you pray to Papa, too,” Clare instructed, “Alright, kiddos. Let’s load up in the car.”
. Goosebumps cast over Jude's skin as he glanced between the bottle and Meg's face. It was no wonder she looked so much better. She had actually taken the potion and finally kicked her drug habit.
“Put her head through first,” Bobby said, as if he saw Clare’s hesitation and heard the question in Clare’s head.
Dean held the phone to his ear until the line went dead. Once he was sure he wasn't going to hear Cas's voice again, he lowered his phone to look at the screen. Cas's accidental selfie was still there; set as both the lockscreen wallpaper
Sam's throat quivered with a hard gulp as stole a quick glance at the side of Jessica's face hidden just underneath her rainbow hood. He never really took the time to consider all of that before, but he guessed the lady was right. Jessica probably was the only human-archangel baby to ever be born. But why did that matter? She was a perfectly healthy and smart little girl. As if she heard Sam's unasked question, the female angel kept talking.
“Nothing...” he replied, trying his best to sound like a true angel.
Dean took a few easing breathes when he finally found Cas's face in the dark. He was back in his bed in the bunker, laying next to his angel. Holy shit. That whole thing with his dad was just a dream. God, it felt so real though. Like reliving one of his worst memories...
At first, it seemed like Jess didn't want to believe him. She shook her head and glanced toward Sam, as if she was looking for a second opinion. But then, the cogs slowly started to turn behind her eyes.
“Yes,” Dean breathed, excited to see the angel's kinky work of art.
Bobby gave a halfhearted chuckle and shook his head.
' Right?”
Jessica timidly glanced between Gabriel in front of her and Sam above her as she hugged her bunny again. Sam could see a hint of curiosity hidden in her eyes. She was definitely thinking of a question, but seemed afraid to ask it. Gabe and Sam wore comforting smiles and waited patiently for her to gain the courage to speak.
“How do you know what a camel's asshole tastes like?” Dean asked, seeing the opportunity and taking it.
The man swayed around with his baby girl for a second and simply admired how cute her blonde hair and little dimples were, before hesitantly inching his way back into the kitchen. Gabriel was standing by the counter of course, looking all too eager to start his presentation. His golden eyes lit up with playful energy when Jessie turned her head to look at him.
“Alright, you know what?
Again, a few of the girls laughed. But Jessie thought it was kind of sweet. Uncle Cassie loved Dean so much that he never even considered changing anything about him. Jess hoped that Ollie thought of her the same way...
“But why?” she asked, voice full of sadness.
“We are just like them. N – not because we are gay or anything, I mean,” Ollie revised, his eyes widening as he glanced toward Dad and Papa, “Not that being gay is a bad thing! It's not bad! I – I just mean that... ugh...” Ollie sighed and looked back to Jess, who was holding down more giggles, “I just... I meant that we love each other like they love each other. We're always together. Laughing, and watching movies, and playing pranks, and talking about everything... You've always been there for me, as long as I can remember. I literally grew up right next to you... And that's where I always want to be.”
him. Jane and Juanita eventually returned to the conversation, both seeming uncomfortable to even be standing next to each other.
“I don't!” Meg argued.
Jude and Jessica both unbuckle their own safety belts and climbed out of their seats to flee the car. Castiel grabbed the decorative gift bag at his feet before exiting with them. Gabriel's Jack Russell Terrier dashed around the children as they grabbed each others' hands and waited on the sidewalk for the adults. Once Castiel was close enough, Dean slid an arm around the angel's shoulders to accompany him like a gentleman.
“We do?” the king asked, voice full of innocence.
Jess scraped the rest of the baby food onto the spoon in her hands before feeding it to Charlie. The baby was happy to receive it, humming as she ate. Just as Dad and Papa sat at the table to join the rest of the family, a figure appeared in the doorway. Jess looked up to see her husband standing there. Oliver looked extra scruffy this morning. The lower part of his face was covered in a ginger five o’clock shadow – which was kind of sexy, if Jess was being honest. His unicorn pajama pants hung crookedly from his hips, his purple tank top had creases in all directions, and his red hair was even crazier than Charlie’s. His brown eyes were slightly puffy from where he had just woken up and he rubbed them as he stumbled in.
“I'll accompany you, then,” the angel stated, sounding matter-of-fact.
“What? No. Are you kidding? Those guys are head over heels for each other... I think its something else,” the archangel said, smirking as he stared off into the distance, “I think one of them wants a baby and the other one doesn't.”
A smile widened on Dean's face as he slowly pulled the small helmet out of the plastic bag. He and Cas stopped by the store on the way back from the Nebraska ghost hunt to poke around for something that might help ease their son into liking the thought of flying. Not to bribe him with it, but genuinely help him get comfortable with the idea. And when Dean spotted the bicycle helmets in the toy section, he knew that it would be a perfect. What better way to help a child face their fear than by giving them literal protection? Maybe if Jude was wearing a helmet before they started training, he would feel safer and less afraid. Plus, Dean happened to find a helmet with a kickass Superman symbol on the side and he couldn't possibly pass it up.
“Indeed, I do,” Crowley purred, his thick accent echoing around the empty garage like a soft melody, “You hunters are always asking for the same old things. '
Dean gazed at the angel until he disappeared, then blinked at the empty spot for a while. He was feeling so much devastation and hopelessness from not being able to get a ritual box from the bunker that numbness had slowly taken over. If he had only went straight to the basement. If he had just walked passed the kitchen. If he had just left the record player alone…
you!”
“We better get going, guys. Dean's gonna want this car back,” he reminded.
Gabriel lowered his head and finally smiled – a wicked smile, full of vengeance – as he raised up his own blade. With the plan set, Dean turned to look at Cas again. The angel seemed less than enthusiastic about the situation but agreed to go along with it. The two of them shared one last, loving look before Cas disappeared; flying up to take out the demons on the roof.
Clare shared a smile with her in the mirror before reaching up to take her hand. He gently tugged it forward, guiding her around to stand in front of the chair.
“Nonsense,” Crowley interrupted, his accent as smooth as silk, “Everyone is a bit rough around the edges. But you, my dear boy, are one of the greatest treasures in our lives. I consider myself lucky just to... to call you
“Alright. So, what’s eating you guys? I thought this was supposed to be a party,” she prompted.
Jude giggled with his mouth full and shrugged his shoulders.
Another huge contraction made Jessica's muscles seize up. There was no way she could ignore the sensation to push, now. Her uterus was practically pushing for her; forcing her to bear down against her will. The wave of pain made her grip the gurney and glare down at the arguing men near her ankles.
men,” Eddie barked, wrapping his arm around Oliver and pulling him along, “Besides, there's somebody I want you to meet.”
With everything in place, there was nothing left to do but wait for Jane's family to arrive. Dean, Sam, Gabriel, Jessica, Jude, Clare, and Castiel all stood in the control room and stared toward the main entrance, awaiting the bombardment of Jane's family. It came in a wave of loud Spanish chattering. Gabriel answered the knock at the door and welcomed several unfamiliar faces into the bunker. There were seven people in all; an elderly man, a man and a woman who were married, three young females, and one woman who looked very much like Jane. Jane herself made her way in to hug each and every member of the Winchester family. Castiel was secretly relieved that she was not sick from drinking the night before.
“Oh yeah? And why not?” Gabe challenged, crossing his arms.
mom, huh? Does she live somewhere in this bunker, too? I'd love to meet her and thank her for giving you that amazing ass..."
guitar. Was Clare here? In the bunker?! Jude gulped and felt his feet pick up speed. As he walked, more and more blue candles sprang to life, lighting the way with the most gorgeous illumination he had ever seen. The closer he got to the end of the hall, the more Jude recognized the melody playing. It was a slow, sweet, acoustic version of “Across the Universe” by the Beatles. The louder the song grew, the more tears threatened to fill up Jude's eyes. God, that sounded so
!” Sam nearly yelled, yanking the book out of the kid's hand, “Crowley is only twenty yards away! Along with Clarence and everyone else! You can't just summon a warlock this close to them!”
As soon as he mentioned their grandfather, Jessica gasped and jolted to sit up straight. Her eyes had gone wide like she had just remembered something important.
“Uh, yeah. I'm totally okay. Right as rain. Good as gold. Better than ever,” the archangel lied briskly.
Castiel's heart secretly quivered inside his chest. His mind was suddenly buzzing with recent memories of laying in bed with Dean and asking to have intercourse, only to be turned down with indifference. When Castiel and Dean's relationship first began, they had sex all the time; more than once a day and in various places like motel rooms, the Impala, and even outdoors. They basically mated like animals. But now, after many years of being together, Dean was much less eager to be intimate. Castiel strongly related to Kate's struggle. He understood her heartache when she spoke of her husband. What if Dean was becoming the same way? What if he was losing interest in Castiel?
The conversation paused while everyone else finished re-shelving the books in their hands. Sam, Gabe, Dean, Cas, Bobby, and Crowley were all in the study, quietly tidying the place back up and putting their borrowed books back. Jessica was still asleep in her room, while Jude was with Clarence back at Bobby's house. Sam was a little uncomfortable with the silence. Even though he was home and surrounded by most of his family, there was still this sinking feeling that he couldn't get rid of. It was almost like he was expecting something else to happen; the warlock to come back, or Crowley to suddenly get sick again. Sam knew it was probably just a case of paranoid worry, but he couldn't convince himself that nothing was wrong.
Gabe smirked at Sam, reaching up to run his short fingers through Sam's lengthy hair.
Dean took a deep breath and joined Bobby in staring at Clarence, watching him and Rowena talk and smile. Over all, Clarence wasn't necessarily a bad kid. Yeah, he talked shit, drank juice straight from the jug, kicked his feet up on the furniture, and never said 'please' or 'thank you.' But admittedly, Dean was guilty of those things too. Having Jude and Jessica around made him start leading by example, though. And that was what Clarence needed. He needed someone to show him how to behave. He just needed a family...
“Hello, Jude. Clare.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, how old do you think you were in the dream? What did Ollie look like?” Gabe prompted.
“For what it’s worth, I wish you were on my side,” he whispered, “… Such a shame.”
Bobby blinked a few times, letting his mind catch up with his hearing. Huh. Maybe his sense of hearing was finally starting to go because he could have swore that Crowley just asked for his hat...
Sam slowly trotted his way to the middle and plopped down in the center. Coming to the movies obviously didn't make him feel any better... but Gabriel hoped that a nice
Gabriel was the first to react. His knees bent, his arms braced, and Castiel could sense him attempting to fly inside, exerting a fair amount of grace in an effort to manifest within the warehouse. But he wasn't moving. He was frozen on the fire escape next to Castiel, appearing unable to fly.
“Dean, she hasn't done anything!” Cas argued, “She just came to thank Clarence for saving her and then -”
Daddy nodded slowly, still making that uncomfortable face.
“And you look like a snake that needs beheaded,” Death interrupted, her voice calm and eyes narrowed, “Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t grab you by the ear and drag you back to your father.”
“All I see are bees, Cas,” Dean mumbled out loud.
one, for cryin' out loud!”
Jessie gulped a little as she peeked inside to see Ollie standing by a lit candle on Clare's dresser. His red hair was a mess, from where he kept raking a nervous hand through it, and his face was full of regret. But his eyes, those chocolate orbs that Jessie loved so much, they were full of pain. It was clear that Oliver didn't like being away from his mom during this crisis. He was worried to death about her, and having to lie about what was going on didn't make it any easier.
Dean heard the question, but he was momentarily sidetracked by the previous statement. Archangel grace could
Jessica fell asleep about halfway home, leaving her parents to sit in sadness in the front seat. Sam had a sinking feeling that something was going to go wrong before they even got to the school. Thinking that their daughter could attend a school like Rosewood Prep was just too good to be true. The more Sam thought about his own bad luck being passed down to Jessica, the more it seemed to be real. If Sam couldn't even finish college, what made him think that his little girl could go to a prep school? Grand opportunities like that just weren't in the cards for a Winchester.
Of course, before the angel could finish his sentence, Dean cut him off with a kiss full of tongue. Gabriel grimaced and turned away, glaring at the distant wall of the kitchen in disgust. Wow. Castiel unknowingly jacked up the arousal of three people in the bunker
“You know what? I think we passed the unicorns when we came in,” Papa said, “Don't worry, carrot-top. You'll get to see one today. I promise.”
,” Crowley hissed, nudging her with his elbow, “I told you to keep your yap shut. We're walking down the bloody aisle!”
“Leviathan?!” Gabriel panted into Sam's ear, “Wh – why does it always have to be Leviathan?”
“Well, well,” the archangel sighed, eying the entire length of Castiel's vessel, “Has anyone ever told you how good you look in denim? I'm tellin' you, bro. That Winchester-wear makes your eyes
Anger flashed on the old man's drunken face at once. He glared down at Gabriel's dog in his lap before lunging forward to clutch the front seat. The smell of whiskey on his breath could have knocked over a horse.
“Fine,” Crowley huffed, reaching out to pat Bobby's shoulder, “Darling, will you be alright with the teenagers while take my mother to hell and back?”
“Alright. You know what? You're gonna have to roll over or something, Jay,” he grumbled, “I can't tell if I'm hurting you or not. I need to see your face.”
“Here, baby,” Dean said, reaching out to take both of the angel's hands, “Let me start...”
“We don't care what the paper looks like, Gabe. We just need to know what it says,” Sam mentioned quietly.
“I did,” Gabriel confessed.
Dean noticed that the last part of Sam's sentence trailed off like he was trying to suppress his own fear. The older Winchester reached over to pat the younger on the back to comfort him before searching the kids' faces.
Dean blinked toward his angel again, trying to memorize the sight of him cradling the little girl in his arms. Her face was buried into Cas's shoulder, her tiny arms were tight around his neck, and he was holding her with a gentleness that rivaled a mother's embrace. It was a beautiful thing to see. But gut-wrenchingly painful to look at... Gabriel huffed a breath at Dean's side.
“Yep,” Gabe lied, patting Sam on the back, “It was all Daddy's idea, Jessie-rabbit. Be sure to give him lots of love!”
“Here, son. I will fly with you the first time,” Cas offered sweetly.
dead. But the kid was surprisingly –
“What?” Dean asked, feeling worry creep into his chest.
“Clare?”
While she glided carefully down the aisle, Jessica tried to find a familiar face. Near the front, she caught sight of Rowena dabbing her face with a tissue, along with Bobby, Crowley, and her uncles Dean and Cas, who were all teary eyed. Jude was standing shyly near the arch – because he agreed to be Jess's 'maid of honor' – and smiled brightly at her as she approached. Seeing him made Jess feel a little better. At least she wasn't the only one that was buckling under the weight of bashfulness. Standing directly under the arch, however, was someone who took her breath away.
Jude had never fully looked at a woman's naked body before. Not because he didn't want to, but because uncle Sam kept a pretty tight lock on the bunker's wifi and it was almost impossible to search for it on the internet. Plus, Dad and Papa still treated him like a kid most of the time, so he knew he couldn't ask them for anything like that. It would be too weird. But now that Jude was literally standing in the same room with nude female pictures, he found that they made him feel strangely squishy. Especially since Ollie was holding them.
Soon, Oliver was thrusting his hips repeatedly. Jessie tried her best to enjoy the motions, but it was just too painful. She didn't say anything, though; partly because she kept waiting for it to get better. Sex was supposed to feel good, right? Wasn't it supposed to be mind-blowingly awesome? So far, it was just a matter of trying to make her body mold to Ollie's. Oliver, on the other hand, seemed to be having a great time. His hands got tangled in Jess's long blonde hair and he moaned really loud... which got Dickie howling.
“Beat it, sister. I like dick,” he stated flatly.
Though he didn't say anything, Dean silently agreed with the archangel. Not only was a huge chunk of the warlock's chest missing, but the edges of the perfectly circular wound had been burned; as if a solid beam of light had vaporized everything inside the blast area. Dean was proud of his niece for being able to deliver the final blow, but the part that disturbed him was the fact that the monster's lifeless face looked too much like Clarence's...
! You would have left me here
boat!” uncle Gabe said, holding both arms out, “I mean, it was massive! Like a floating skyscraper. Except, it was more like a barn, because it was full of animals.”
Michael only blinked at him several times in confusion, loosely clinging to the sword in his hand.
“Okay. Go get your coat, Jessie,” Sam instructed, picking her up from the bed to stand her on the floor.
"Not a single girl in this world can hold a candle to your beauty, cherub," Aunt Rowena nodded, looking like she might shed a tear.
“Uncle Cas picked it out for you,” uncle Dean said, pulling uncle Cassie close to toss an arm around his shoulder, “I got you the shoes.”
“They're putting them in the closet,” Sam breathed, suddenly darting toward it, “I'll stay with the kids, Dean.”
The words made the angel melt happily against Dean.
“You were way too cute to wake up,” Clare explained, lowering his head until their lips were close enough to touch, “... but I'm all yours now.”
Jude eventually lowered his trembling arms to see his dad and his blue eyes were glistening with tears.
Clarence didn't reply at first. He only held out a shopping bag to Ollie, who took it timidly.
“What's going on?” uncle Dean asked.
“Ha!” Dean suddenly rejoiced, holding up the baby doll to display his work, “Look at that! Boom! I am the diaper
Sam whimpered a little bit as he glanced up at the trees behind Gabriel. The possibility of sex actually made him secretly excited. He was just as desperate to have an orgasm as Gabe was. Even though he knew that having fast animal sex in a public restroom was inappropriate and kind of gross, Sam nodded feverishly.
While Jessie scarfed another handful of food, Jude spared a glance toward her stomach. Even though it was covered by her shirt, Jude could see that his cousin's stomach was sill glowing gold. Jess's usually flat tummy was rounded now too, a few inches larger than normal. Jude was in awe of how fast her pregnancy was coming along. Did it really only take Papa and uncle Gabe a few days to have him and Jessie, too? Angel pregnancies were so strange... and amazing.
Jude blinked and looked down at his jean shorts and black tennis shoes, feeling all kinds of weird emotions. He was glad that his family was okay, but what about all those other angels? What about Michael and Lucifer and Adam? They were left all alone in a cage, just like the one that Jude and uncle Gabe were sitting in now. That wasn't fair...
“You're wrong, Dean,” Castiel said, remembering the man's earlier comment, “
The small girl instantly raced toward her Papa, where she collided with his waist to give him an excited hug. Gabe dropped three of the bags – which spilled out a few large pillows of different colors – so that he could hug her back.
Although it took him another moment to gather himself, Gabriel eventually forced a nod and began to maneuver out of Sam's large arms.
," the teenager sternly corrected.
“Son of a bitch,” Dean breathed.
Next to Gabe, Oliver leaned forward to look at Sam over the seat.
“Hello, Jessica,” he smiled politely, “How are you doing?”
“Hey.”
“Because it's Valentine's day,” Dean explained.
Glistening moisture slowly pooled in Cas's eyes, making the sapphire orbs glassy and wet. Dean gently rubbed his thumbs across the angel's cheekbones and gave him a comforting smile, knowing that Cas must have been feeling a tremendous amount of emotion in that moment. Hell, Dean couldn't even begin to imagine what Cas must have been feeling. But he could see a small bit of hope and admiration start to appear in the angel's expression.
“Damn,” he breathed, “I love doing that... I wanted to do it when I said goodbye earlier. But your parents were there and I figured you wouldn't want them to watch.”
“Papa!”
Although he felt like fighting her, Dean attempted to ignore Meg and focus on getting his drink. He was hoping that the two of them could somehow exist in the same space without having to notice each others' presence, for Cas and Clare's sake. But, of course, she had other plans...
do that to me again! Don’t you
After receiving the answer, Clare took hold of Jude's hand and started to walk around the room; pausing continuously so that they could offer hugs to each member of their family. Uncle Sam and Gabe were first. Sam patted Jude's shoulder warmly and smiled down at him.
The archangel didn't need to finish his sentence. He was obviously referring to the fact that Castiel would have to deliver his own child and could possibly die in the process. But Castiel wasn't concerned about that right now. He was more concerned for the Winchester's lives and Dean being united with his son. Castiel gave Gabriel's shoulder a tight squeeze as they shared a look of deep meaning.
Sam didn't look away from his laptop even for Cas. The dude couldn't be
Sam, Gabe, and Dickie all wandered into the school office where they were met at the front desk by a middle-aged woman with short hair and glasses. Her hands paused on her keyboard and she smiled kindly when they approached.
Clare's smile dimmed as he looked back to his mom. She stole a guitar pick from a museum? Why?
“Want some coffee, Bobby?” Sam offered, already shuffling to the counter for another cup of his own.
Bobby must have seen the look of unbridled terror that flashed on Dean's face because the old man gave a tiny chuckle and walked over to pat Dean on the shoulder. There was a look of understanding in his misty eyes; the kind of look that only an experienced hunter could pull off.
Jessica knew that Dad was telling the truth. Papa and Jude were going to be okay. She had seen them much older in lots of dreams, so she knew they would all be together again. But still, she didn't want them to be hurt or scared. She just wanted her family to be safe and happy, like Ollie and his family. Why did things like this only happen to their family and not anyone else's?
Jess smiled at her beautiful future mother-in-law, feeling empowered by her choice. It was somehow relieving to know that Jane would rather keep the hard truth than to live in blissful ignorance. Papa and Dad shared a smile.
It surprised Jude to see that Ollie's mom was acting relatively calm. Wasn't she curious about how they were able to appear inside the study in no time? Did she know that she was hundreds of miles away from home? And that she was standing in the same room with two nephilim, a half-demon, and an archangel? And that their parents were trapped in another realm? Jude wanted to ask these questions, but he didn't, of course. For all he knew, Ms. Jane probably thought this was all a dream. Or maybe uncle Bobby had already told her about everything while they were gone...
The old man only took a deep breath in reply. In his mind, Bobby knew Dean was right. The kid was just speaking the truth. But in his heart – way down deep, where he kept all his most private emotions – Bobby couldn't agree. Over the few short years they'd been together, Bobby had come to know the king of hell better than anyone. Crowley acted like a pompous asshole most of the time, sure. But when they were alone together, the guy was a totally different person; so caring and sweet, always leaving treats for the dogs, cleaning up the salvage yard, and restocking Bobby's liquor supply without even being asked. Crowley was a really easy man to talk to when no one else was around, too. Well read and almost philosophical. Just remembering some of the deep conversations they had on the couch at two in the morning made Bobby's heart ache. Damn, he missed that bastard so much...
"Cl - Clarence, you don't need that stuff," Jude breathed, shaking his head, "You just need to come home with me - "
body? Uh, no. I don't buy it,” Gabriel denied bitterly, crossing his arms and shaking his head.
“I helped figure it out, Papa!” Jessie added with a smile.
,’ he imagined Sammy saying with wisdom. ‘
Nothing. Dammit. Cas was right. There wasn’t enough of Gabriel left to save… but it was still Gabriel, right? As vacant as they were, those golden eyes still belonged to the trickster. Dean exhaled and curled his fingers around Gabe’s limp hand, noting how cold the digits were in his grasp.
As if they had been given special instructions that Jude wasn’t aware of, the twins cradle to specific spots in front of Clarence and held up a drawing each. Jude leaned up on his elbow and rubbed his eyes so that he could figure out what was going on. It seemed like Gibson and Grace had each drawn a crayon picture for Jude’s birthday. Grace’s was colorful; full of flowers, rainbows, and even an attempt at Superman up in the corner, standing in a garden. Gibson’s drawing consisted mostly of dinosaurs, his favorite, in all shapes and size. Judging from the red and blue splotch over one of them, it looked like he attempted to draw Superman riding a T-Rex. Jude’s sight traveled from his children’s drawings up to their precious faces, where he drank in their bright blue eyes and the dusting of freckles along their tiny noses. Aww, they had drawn him pictures for his birthday… Behind the twins, Clarence situated his guitar in his lap.
“No! That might kill him!” Jessica gasped.
“Balls,” he grumbled, “Alright, fine. I'll give 'em a talkin' to. Let's just make it quick.”
Even though he offered to go first, Dean still seemed nervous as hell. He clutched Cas's left hand and carefully slipped the band onto his ring finger before taking a deep breath and meeting his eyes again. The two of them stared at each other – that silent, peaceful stare they always shared as if the rest of the world had disappeared around them – and Dean finally started to speak.
Jessica gulped and looked back at her cousin Jude, hoping that he could give her some ideas. Jess knew that she had the power to fly and could easily transport Jane to Bobby's house in less than a minute. But that would mean venturing back out into the Darkness, and Jess could almost hear her Dad's voice in her mind, warning her not to even think about risking it... But this was Ms. Jane. She was practically Jessie's mother-in-law already. Jude seemed to be thinking the same thing because he gave her a woeful nod. Though it was dangerous right now, flying was the best option...
“What?” Dean breathed, “Then wh – what does she want with Jude?!”
Clarence went on and on, pointing to pictures of various people and places while he smiled and cried. And the sound of raw, powerful emotion in the demon's voice made Jude tear up, too. Clearly, Grandpa Chuck had given Clare exactly what he came here looking for; a piece of his past that not only proved that his childhood and first family were real, but also gave him the closure he needed to move on. Meg might have come back into his life, but she could never change what his first family meant to him.
,' Jude murmured into the back of his head.
, Dean recited in his head,
“Yes, ma’am,” Oliver answered, politely shaking the lady’s hand, “My wife and I are looking forward to finally going inside.”
“Because we're Winchesters. That's why,” Gabriel answered, “Now, give me your hoof, Moose-man. That proposal put me in a romantic mood.”
Jude took a deep breath, feeling so relieved. He knew that he was right. Daddy and Papa would always be there for him.
“Love you too. Talk to you later,” Jude answered.
When Darkness fell on Sioux Falls and started to surround uncle Bobby's house, he told everyone to spread out and throw blankets over the windows. He theorized that if the Darkness couldn't see the people inside, it might pass over the house. And although the electricity was off and it was difficult to see without the lights on, all of the teenagers did what he asked. Jude and Clarence went upstairs to cover the second floor windows while Jessie and uncle Bobby covered the ones on the first floor. Poor Oliver, however, was stuck on the phone with his worried mom, trying his best to calm her down.
His voice came out as a high-pitched squeal while he scurried toward the top of the mattress he was sitting on. The babies couldn’t come yet! Clare wasn’t there! Jude wasn’t prepared to feel that angel blade! Apparently, seeing Jude acting like a frightened animal was worrying to Papa. He turned to give Jude a pair of hopeful and cautious eyes, raising both hands in a soothing manner.
“Si. I am driving home from dropping off mi familia at the airport. Why?” she asked.
It was difficult for Jude to see the other angels in the room because uncle Gabe kept shoving him back to keep him hidden. The little boy knew that his uncle was just trying to protect him, but Jude was too anxious and curious to stay put. He kept leaning far around Gabe's shoulder, trying to steal a peek at Naomi and the guy that uncle Gabe called 'Raph.' Was he Raphael? The same Raphael that had all those Leviathan things? Why was Naomi on the floor? And why was that blade in her back? Was she really... dead?
“He did it for all of us,” Bobby added, clearly unafraid of the devil's spiking rage, “He stood in my junkyard and watched us all say vows -”
Dean nearly leaped out of the sheets at the unexpected sound. Light from the hallway flooded the room and, as usual, his first instinct was get to the pistol hidden in the top drawer of his bedside table. But before he could even reach for it, he caught sight of Jude and Jessica rushing in to storm the bed. The little kids were both wearing smiles and giggling as they ran and climbed up on Dean and Cas's mattress in their pajamas.
The rest of Michael's sentence got lost in his throat, because Jude had flown across the room to grab him by the wrist. Jude's grace had come to Clarence's defense again, lighting up his entire body and making his eyes shine. The lights flickered violently in the presence of his angelic aura and the furniture rattled. It took almost no effort at all for Jude to lift the archangel's hand from Clarence's neck. Jude could almost feel Michael's grace burning under his own, just like Raphael's did when he was younger. The anger on Michael's face instantly shifted into genuine shock and horror, like he couldn't believe that Jude's hand was actually burning his wrist. But Jude didn't care whether he hurt Michael or not. No one was allowed to lay a hand on Clarence.
“No, it's
But as much as the kid tried to keep it a secret, Rowena seemed equally eager to explain.
“Mornin', Winchesters,” Dean waved as he ate, “Any ideas on what to get Oliver for his birthday?”
Then, just as he blinked, Clare suddenly found himself in a chokehold. The devil had flashed over to wrap a tight arm around the demon’s neck so quickly that Clare didn’t even see it coming. Of course, Clare fought against the devil’s hold, flashing his eyes black and using his demonic aura to try to wiggle out of the hold. But Lucifer’s grip only tightened. Clare heard a few gasps from the family as he struggled to free himself.
A tiny laugh came from Clare's smiling lips as they stared at each other. It seemed like he really enjoyed hearing Jude say it, too. After a second or two of sharing mutual tingles, butterflies, and burning stomachs, Clarence casually reached out to slide his hand into Jude's. The feeling only made Jude's goosebumps spread.
“Dickie?”
“Dean? Are you alright?”
“Yoyo,” Papa said, “The next one is definitely yoyo!”
of you!” Papa sobbed, “You're all my babies! I'm so proud!”
The Winchester family dealt with losing the bunker in their own ways. Hours on end of silence. Refilling their glasses with liquor every time it went empty. Mumbles of regret and shock. But for Dean, the loss of their home didn’t seem to feel as heart wrenching as it did for everyone else. He struggled to figure out a reason why he wasn’t sad or angry. His guess was that maybe his hunting instincts were still active and wouldn’t let him feel the pain of it yet. That, or he had lost so many things that he was starting to go numb to it.
Gabe narrowed his eyes. What the hell was she talking about? What was she trying to do? Why did she want Jude and Jessica? And what was the point of this stupid cage?! Gabriel was so damn sick of his kin interrupting his happy life. The archangel's glare deepened toward his sister and he could feel rage swelling in his chest. Enough with this beating-around-the-bush bullshit! He wanted answers, dammit!
“Uh, can we make it five?”
For a second, all four Winchesters stood together and blinked in silence, letting Gabriel's random theories simmer in their minds. Wow. None of those options seemed very pleasant...
," he boomed, "I don't care what you say about her. She's my mother and you're going to help me find her."
“Just a moment,” she gulped, “I'll go and get Principal Newman.”
Just before the stranger's filthy fingers were able to touch Clarence's face, Jude felt his own grace kick in. His entire body lit up with electric blue and he reached out to grab the stranger's arm. With a strong, forceful shove – and a bit of his grace – Jude pushed the man so hard that he flew through the store window. The stranger didn't even have time to gasp or scream. He was simply a blur of grungy clothes that smashed into the window and landed among the silent instruments inside.
! What the hell was Bobby doing?! Over the small fence of flames, Cas spun around and his wide eyes jutted up to meet Dean's, looking shocked, confused, and full of worry.
“Is everything okay?” Mrs. Watson asked.
“Baby. It's gonna be alright,” Dean muttered in Cas's ear, just under the crowded ambiance of the restaurant, “Clarence is an okay kid. He'll take care of -”
“... Do you know something?” Dean mumbled, nodding briefly toward the kitchen table.
“Sorry I missed it,” he mumbled, “They, um, had to reset the bones in my arm. I told them I had somewhere to be, but hospitals don't care... Besides, I... I wasn't sure if I was still invited anyway...”
Dean glanced from Cas to the archangel, feeling a little bit of hope flicker in his chest. She wasn't dead? She was still alive? Before Dean could ask the archangel if it was true, Gabriel was leaning forward to press his lips to the little girl's temple. The lights in the room flickered and a rush of air and energy fill the space as the archangel's lips glowed against the child's head –
Cas tilted his head, silently asking why. Dean carefully pulled his arm out of Cas’s grasp, meeting the angel’s eyes to let him know it was okay, before walking over to the side of the dresser. Just as he had when he first moved in, Dean found the record player on the floor and picked it up. He placed it on the dresser before digging through the pile of records on the floor. He knew exactly which album to search for. Dean unsheathed the perfectly preserved vinyl and admired the black shine before placing it on the player and flipping the switch on. When the record started to spin, Dean brought the needle over to place it in the specific spot he had memorized. Then, Paul McCartney’s soulful voice filled the room, backed up by his heavenly piano.
“I, um, don't really have any money,” she began with a grimace, “but I wanted to get you something. For your wedding.”
Castiel flinched at his brother's unexpected outburst, which accidentally stirred Jude awake. The baby wiggled slightly inside Castiel's confined grace, seeming to have woken up from sleep. Cas attempted to sooth his unborn child by caressing the skin over his stomach some more, gently massaging the glowing tissue with slow circles. As Jude began to relax, Castiel flashed a worried glance toward his angelic brother.
It looked like a rundown motel room of some kind. There was one bed, two nightstands, a chair, and a small room off to the side that had a toilet, bathtub and sink. The power was off, of course, so the place was just as dark inside as it was out. But at least they were safe from the elements and crazy people outside. Jessie immediately shuffled over to the bed where she plopped herself down and let her head fall into her hands. Jude heard a tiny sob in her voice and it nearly broke his heart. Poor Jessie. She had been through so much in such a short amount of time; having to carry around the weight of their papas' grace and the responsibility that came with it. It was no wonder she felt like crying. But, ugh, Jude hated hearing Jessie cry! Both he and Ollie instantly walked over to comfort her; Ollie sitting on the bed next to her while Jude pat her shoulder from above.
“Okay,” Clarence nodded with another smirk, “Don't worry, Bobby. We've got this.”
What do you guys think of the name 'Jude'? Cute, right? :) It's gonna take Dean some time to get used to that name, but I think he'll learn to love it eventually. :0I'm sorry about this little cliffhanger at the end. But don't worry about it too much. It's just another complication. One of the many complications that the boys are gonna have to deal with during this pregnancy. ;)
you know? What made you leave Heaven? Who's in charge up there?”
“It worked. Meg’s as human as they come,” she sang.
"You make a fair point, dear husband," Gabe allowed with a sage nod, "Alright, real coffee it is. I'll fly to Columbia and get fresh grounds myself. Wanna meet in the kitchen in ten?"
“No, she’s not,” Papa assured, “She can’t die. It looks like she’s just passed out.”
“Oh my, what's this?” she asked, glancing between Jessica and the windshield.
” he breathed.
Dust swirled around Dean, but there was no sign of the handsome angel in the trench coat.
“Papa, please stop talking about Dad being naked,” Jess called.
Dean and Jess both looked up to see Sammy standing in the doorway with Dickie in his arms. The guy seemed kind of glad that his brother and daughter were sharing an emotional moment. He proudly glanced back and forth between them before nodding toward the hallway behind him.
The scribe of God beamed down at Castiel with pride as he revealed an angel blade of his own. He pulled the sharp weapon out from behind his back and held it downward, displaying the blade but not putting it to use. The sight of the weapon caused Dickie to bark more intensely and caused Castiel to instantly cover his crying child. He bent his knees up and curled himself into a ball around Jude, using his own body to keep the baby safe. And the act of protecting him from Metatron made Castiel realize -
Since Jessie was busy with her dads somewhere, Jude figured that he would hang out in his own room for a while - and maybe figure out why those naked ladies made him feel so weird. But when he rounded the doorway and walked into his room, he found the new guy standing on his bed.
!” Rowena threatened, lunging forward.
“By the way, were you playing with my phone the other night?” Dean asked, gently running his fingers up and down Cas's smooth back.
Jessica giggled at her daddies before prancing over to tug on Jude's dangling foot.
Jude, who had been playing with his new matchbox car, waved back at her from the end of Dean and Cas's bed. Sam gave him a wink too before finally stepping out into the cold night air. Most of the snow had melted during the day, but the temperature was still pretty low. Sam quickly got Jessica into her car seat and strapped her in while Dickie hopped up to curl into a shivering ball. Once everyone was safe in the Impala, Sam started her up and backed out of the parking lot. He made sure to adjust the rear-view mirror so that he could see Jessie behind him.
“Ch – Chuck?” Dean breathed, lowering the angel blade a bit, “How did you - ? Wh – where - ? Wha - ?”
Clare smirked as he thrust, breathing hard into Jude's face.
“Gracias, Gabriel,” she hummed, “I really appreciate you all letting Oliver stay here tonight. It's all he's been talking about since the party.”
“Peach!” the trickster sang, sliding over to give Sam room to sit, “What the hell took you so long, kid? I was about to send out a hunting party for your giant ass. Get it? A hunting party? 'Cause you're a moose?”
Winchester? Your
“You mind telling me what's going on?” he asked.
Grandpa nodded and inhaled a slow, deep breath, taking one of his hands out of his pockets to briefly rub his bearded chin.
“Ahh!” Castiel moaned loudly, his voice filling the room as he felt his scrotum seizing up for release, “
cliffhanger at the end. Also, I will be attending NashCon next week, so won't be able to publish chapter 10 until April 20th, in two weeks. (I know! It sucks!) :( If you want to wait that long to read, I totally understand. But if you are brave enough to read now, I wish you safe passage, my friend. Just keep in mind that I will always fix your broken heart at the end. ;) Thank you so much! I'll be waiting at the bottom of the page to give you a sincere apology!
After a very serious goodbye from Ms. Jane – with a few Spanish comments for Dad, who offered even more apologies – Jessica, her parents, and Ollie all loaded up to go to the festival. For the most part, it was an awkward ride. Dad seemed too sheepish – or too ashamed – to really say anything, Papa spent most of the time trying to keep Dickie in his lap to prevent him from trying to hump poor Ollie's leg, and Ollie must have been feeling the same first-date jitters he had before the dance because he kept mentioning corn, crops, and historical facts about the Dust Bowl. Jessica, however, spent the majority of their ride studying Ollie's stupidly handsome face and shaggy orange hair. He looked really good today, better than he did at the dance even. She
With a rageful grunt, Dean spun around and started to repeatedly punch the side of the vending machine. The metal started to cave under the violent strikes, denting toward the center. The whole time, he was growling, shouting from the depth of his throat like a furious animal. Dean didn’t stop hitting the vending machine until he felt the hot blood droplets flinging from his fists against his face. His knuckles were scraped raw – and possibly broken – from hitting the thing. But he was still pissed. Unable to control his rage, Dean started ripping the metal coils from inside the machine; jerking at them and shaking the box, anything to break it down to nothing. Because that’s how he felt. He felt like nothing; like a useless, unfaithful, broken, empty machine. If he couldn’t work, then it couldn’t either.
“Gabriel, I'm fine,” Dad promised, wrangling his arm back, “What happened here? Did the warlock come in?”
father, Dean. Revenge-induced stupor and all.”
I'm not sure how many of you are familiar with Deadpool, but he's a Marvel superhero (who I adore) that isn't suitable for young children. Does he have a real unicorn? Probably not. But he does have a stuffed unicorn, just like Ollie does. ;) Yep, Crowley actually asked Bobby to marry him. And Bobby keeps saying no, even though he wants to say yes. Though I can't tell you how, I promise that all this drama will get sorted out by the end. (As usual.) ;) It was a real pleasure to finally write Rowena and Gabriel in the same scene together, and I hope to do it again some more in the future. (Who would have known that Sam was the jealous type? I guess he just wants to keep his candyman all to himself.) ;D The spell Rowena used was just a basic phrase I translated into Latin: “Reveal the true nature of angels among us... reveal reveal reveal.” I know that Jude is probably breaking your hearts with his emotions toward flying. But I promise that he will get help with it soon. (And from a very unlikely source.) :) I'm also sorry about bringing up some of Dean's terrible childhood again, but I figured that watching Crowley shout at Jude reminded him of the way John used to yell at Sammy when they were kids. But all that's in the past now. ;) Thank you guys so much for reading! :)
But then, he dropped and everything was really dark. On his hands and knees, Jude tried to catch his breath, feeling scared and sick to his stomach. What happened? Why did he feel sick? What did those marks do? Where was he? Around Jude, the park was gone and a dark room had taken its place. It was silent here; no wind or sun or voices. The only sound was Jude's whimpering breath... and uncle Gabe's long sigh. As soon as he heard his uncle, Jude immediately scurried to his feet and turned around to reach out for him.
Gabriel caught the small wallet in midair and rolled his golden eyes.
“Bros before halos,” he repeated.
“Who? Mr. Sam? Oh, I sent him to bed,” uncle Gabe answered.
“Then hold still,” he instructed.
“Ow!” the archangel groaned, raising his head to share a look of concern with Castiel, “What the hell was that?”
excitement. Physically, he felt woozy and queasy. But emotionally, Castiel was the happiest angel in the world.
“It sure is, Jess,” he hummed, “Wanna go take a look?”
“I don’t want to take anything from you. Only borrow,” he corrected, “And once I’m done with it, I’ll give it right back. See? I’m reasonable.”
When the lady walked back out, Jessica stole a quick kiss with her husband. Ollie sank in and hummed, cradling Jess’s back as they held each other close. It was the first kiss they had ever shared in their home.
Dean's hand continued to stroke as he brought his lovely mouth up to the head. His tongue swirled around the tip of Cas's shaft, slathering drool along the sensitive glans, before sliding it back inside the hot wet cave of his mouth.
“No,” Cas answered.
“No,” Clare blurted, “She’s my daughter. I’ve got it.”
Sam's eyes instantly darted to Clarence, who had raised his head a bit. It must have been difficult for him to hear that his father had already lied to them once. If he had lied about making the curse, what else had he lied about? Of course, Jude reached over to pat Clare's arm, but the young demon didn't respond. He just went back to dipping some gauze in Rowena's healing mixture on the coffee table.
Michael asked Bobby and Ms. Jane to watch over Adam while he was gone, which – of course – they agreed to. The archangel fixed his face too, from where Clarence had beaten him up pretty badly, before flying everyone to Bobby's garage. Aunt Rowena was in the middle of working on a spell that could link the hell portal to the one in Purgatory, but agreed to pause her progress long enough to let them go to Hell.
As they clung to each other and walked, people tossed bird seed at them – which Rowena said was good luck for newlyweds. Jess only giggled and clung to Ollie's arm as they were showered with seeds. Jess glanced around at all the faces she passed once again, seeing nothing but smiles – except for Ms. Jane, who was a sobbing, blubbering mess. Jess waved at her new mother-in-law as she walked with Ollie all the way down the aisle.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Just a few more days, Jude,” Clare promised in an equally low whisper, “and we'll be saying our vows like Jess and Oliver did today.”
Once his stomach was settled and his vertigo had worn off, Castiel fell back to sit against the fence post. His immediate concern was his family, battling angels back in Bobby's study. Were they unharmed? Did the angels leave when Castiel disappeared? Were they all still alive? Was
He whipped around to finally stare down at his husband, who was still resting naked on the bed. Clare looked so bewildered, blinking up at Jude with enlarged green eyes.
Dean didn't know whether it was from stress or tears, but his sight began to blur. And when Jessica started talking to answer Clarence, it sounded like her voice was traveling down a long tunnel. Dean was slowly zoning out and could barely comprehend what was being said.
being serious!” Gabriel interrupted, “Dizziness, sensitivity to smells, puking – It's all morning sickness stuff, bub!”
“How are you?” Castiel asked, “What do you need? Can I get you anything?”
a queer! Ass-face!”
“Relax, Sam,” the woman in the middle said gently, raising both hands in surrender, “We just want to talk.”
The devil grinned and spun around at the sound of the lovely feminine voice that called his name. There, sitting at a black desk with her arms folded, was the dark figure of Death. But Death looked much different than the half-rotten corpse Lucifer remembered from their last encounter. This Death was new – and oh-so very
Castiel noticed Dean instantly stiffen beside him and shoot a shocked glance over his shoulder. They were all watching as Gabriel's small animal dashed over to the Impala and jumped inside, straight into Gabriel's lap to sniff around. The mere act seemed to engulf Dean with rage.
A few more minutes of quiet went by before Dad pulled Papa toward the door. The two of them stood there and whispered for a little while, talking about cages and whether or not to leave Jessie alone. They chatted quietly for what seemed like a long time before Papa eventually sighed out loud and turned around to give Jess a smile.
After Oliver delivered his last biting accusation, he furiously crossed both of his arms and slumped back against his side of the corridor, eyes glaring down the hall at nothing in particular. Honestly, the kid's words had cut straight through the heavy tension and made Sam's heart ache almost as much as his arm did. Ouch. Did Oliver really think that Sam
“Bros before halos?” Dean offered.
“It’s gonna be alright, kid. Cas has delivered plenty of babies,” Dean mentioned.
“It's not your fault, Jessica,” Clarence mumbled, sparing a side-glance her way, “It's mine. I'm the one that gave Jude that stupid potion...”
A familiar smell of sawdust and metal filled Sam's nose as he raised his head to look around. At first, he wasn't sure if he was in the right place or not. Was this... Bobby's garage? How in the world did they end up in Bobby's garage? Was the portal some kind of teleportation device or something? Sam felt Gabriel sit up on his back.
Everyone else in the room shared glances and Jude felt extremely lost. Who was this person? Why did he want the Winchesters to find his mom? Was she lost or something? And, wow, he was being extremely rude about it; forcing himself into the bunker and searching for food without permission.
Papa and Daddy both rushed over to look inside the tiger cage and saw Dickie. The doggie had somehow wandered into the enclosure and was sniffing around one of the tigers, like he was interested in getting to know them. Oh, no! Dickie wasn't supposed to be in there! Tigers were dangerous! They could hurt him!
Sam exhaled with exasperation as he looked back to Jude and Jessica. The two of them were busy comparing their swimsuits, unaware of what their parents were talking about. As much as the thought of his daughter's future boyfriend staying the night put him on edge, Sam couldn't deny that Gabe was right. Jude and Jess were going to be so happy when they found out their friend was coming over... Still, Sam was confused about the things Gabe bought.
. And somehow it felt even better... Jude eventually looked back up at Dean with a hopeful expression.
Metatron took the time to glance back at the open door behind him. As the scribe's back was turned, Castiel quickly grabbed the angel blade and tucked his hand around the bundled baby. Now the weapon was on full display, glimmering against the tan trench coat in Castiel's trembling grasp. Metatron turned back around to look at Castiel, but the sight of the angel blade didn't disturb him at all. He only glanced down at it with a smirk before tilting his head in a condescending manner.
bad happens and you can't find your buddy or anyone else you know, what do you do?”
“Sorry,” he muttered afterward as he rubbed his eyes, “I didn’t mean to ruin the moment. It’s just, the kids kept us up all night and –”
“Michael and Adam are here,” he announced proudly.
Dean took another deep breath and searched the car again. After a year's work, she was finally ready to roll. It took several trips to auto parts stores, lots of consulting with Bobby, hours upon hours of labor in the garage to get the transmission working and the brake system fixed – but now, it was done. Just one week shy of Jude's eighteenth birthday, his car was finally ready for its first trip.
Before Jude could ask what a 'hunter' was, the bedroom door squeaked open. Jude and his dad both turned to look at the other side of the room where they saw Jessie's head peek in. She pushed some of her long yellow curls out of her face so that she could see them. Jude noticed that her pretty eyes were on him the longest. He figured she was probably upset that they weren't watching Willy Wonka right now.
“I agree,” Cas eventually replied, sliding his hand back inside Dean's.
“We're not having sex,” Dean blurted, even though he was looking down at Cas's semen painted across his own bare chest, “We're just talking.”
It felt like Jude's heart dropped twelve stories. Whoa. That was a really dark and cruel outlook on the situation. Jude glanced at his cousin and shared a look of sadness with her. If it really did take the grace of four archangels to imprison the Darkness, they were royally screwed...
“I love you,” the angel said, voice low and eyes boring into Dean's.
Dean opened his eyes at once – which was a huge mistake, because he was instantly blinded with morning sunlight from the window – before blinking repeatedly toward the open space next to him. Just as he feared, the only things on the bed with him were sheets and pillows, just like the old days before he was with Cas. Dean raised his head and rubbed his eyes, feeling a little abandoned. Dammit. Would it kill Cas to stay in one spot for longer than a few freakin' hours? Did it really bore him that much to wait for Dean to wake up? Where did he go, anyway? The man huffed a breath and forced himself to sit up in bed.
celestial soldier had ambushed the Winchesters at the other end of the aisle as well, forcing everyone into combat. Although he didn't want to jostle the fetus inside him, Castiel instantly sprinted toward the Winchesters, cradling his stomach to keep his offspring safe. He wanted to close the distance between himself and the rest of his family – but the celestial soldier cut him off. The angel popped in front of Castiel in the aisle with an angel blade raised high in the air. Castiel gasped and tumbled into the floor, keeping both arms folded over his stomach. He waited for the blade to pierce his body – but it never came.
With Crowley gone, everyone else was left to look amongst each other. Meg's attention slowly shifted from Clarence back to Bobby, who she looked at with honest confusion.
Jessica nodded and turned to hide her smile. Oh, Aunt Rowena. She was so willing to offer her 'wears' to anyone that would give her a good look... Several minutes ticked by, in which the two ladies just sat there and looked around. Jess glanced at the stranger's faces, secretly searching for one that might seem out of the ordinary. Every so often, she caught a glimpse of her parents or uncles wandering around the establishment, also looking for someone suspicious. But a few minutes turned into an hour, and there still didn't seem to be anyone interested in Aunt Rowena's aura.
“C.J.!” Clare beamed, holding both arms out, “Wow, look at that outfit, girl. You are killin’ that tutu. C’mere!”
Jessica laughed out loud again. That was her favorite part of their relationship; that they could pick on each other and joke around without either of them getting offended. Kinda like her parents and uncles. Jessie slid closer to the red-haired boy next to her at the picnic table to peck a kiss to his pale, freckled cheek – after which, he quickly turned his head to fully capture her mouth with his own. Jess's head was suddenly swimming as she breathed in Ollie's scent and indulged in the feeling of his wet lips on hers. For a second, she forgot she was even at her cousin's birthday party and that there were other people standing around. That is, until she felt a cold baby carrot smack her shoulder. Jessie pulled away from her kiss with Ollie to look up and see her Papa grinning down at them while he arranged the veggie tray.
