And Fury might not even write her up for it.
“Mr. Stark is resting in ICU at the moment,” the nurse said faintly. “He had surgery to repair a collapsed lung sustained in the fall. Along with multiple contusions and bleeding, he has a couple of broken ribs and we’ll check for head injury once he’s lucid.”
“Containment,” Steve answered. “Fury doesn’t want them to spread out throughout the city.”
“I see how it is,” Tony narrowed his eyes at Natasha. “I should have never bribed you into rescinding your original evaluation.”
Captain Capsicle:
“Tony,” Pepper’s slender fingers snapped in front of his face, and he startled to attention.
“You scared me, младенец-лев,” she said quietly, running her nails gently over his scalp, and Tony suddenly found himself intensely grateful that they’d had a second chance to let a friendship form. She never would have admitted any kind of emotion to him when she was working undercover as his PA, and he deeply valued the honesty with which they could now communicate.
It was on a night like this, when the nightmares wouldn't leave him even after he was awake, that he found himself standing in the middle of his workshop, at a bit of a loss. He didn't feel like working on his armor -quite frankly, he wasn't even sure if he could possibly upgrade it even more, though that was definitely a question to be revisited in the morning. Not for the first time, he wished that Pepper was still here, or that he had actually hired a night guard like Happy had begged him to. Anything to know that he wasn't the only living creature in this massive monolith of cool steel.
Tony gestured at his surroundings, noting the bandages wrapped around his palm and wrist. “Did we get into the absinthe again? That’s what landed me in the hospital last time.”
With that, they settled into silence and waiting.
The eyebrow crept higher.
He, Tony Stark, was in love with Steve Rogers.
The two men nodded, Thor grasping Clint under the shoulders and taking off, presumably to drop the archer onto a roof somewhere.
Her words, while intended to be comforting, held no promises. Steve knew what that was like, the kind of realism that led people to face the truth of a dire situation. She couldn’t promise that Tony would be okay. She knew that Tony might not be.
“We’ll allow one visitor at a time into the ICU to see him,” the nurse continued, and Natasha immediately shoved Steve forward. He stumbled, caught himself, and grinned sheepishly at the nurse. “If you don’t mind showing me the way, ma’am?”
Tony landed hard on his back and started rolling, numerous warnings popping up on his screens as the suit tried to accommodate to the sudden force. He came to a screeching, painful stop, and gasped, trying to catch his breath.
Bruce snorted. “You’re joking, right? That’s basically my entire origin story.”
Shortly after, Steve was startled out of a mindless reverie as the automatic doors slid open, and Colonel James Rhodes strode into the hospital with a single minded intent, making a beeline for the nurses’ station. He had a brief, tense conversation with the nurse there, then swiveled, clearly looking for the Avengers.
Tony looked fairly good, all things considered. There was a scrape along his temple that had been neatly taped, and his chest moved only lightly, clearly restricted by the bandages, but he had only an oxygen cannula, not a mask, and his brow was smooth with painless sleep.
“Ironman,” Cap said over the comms. “What’s going on?”
“At S.H.I.E.L.D, filing his report with Hill,” Natasha said. “I’m sure he’ll be back as soon as he hears you’re awake, though.”
“No…?” Steve said, startled by the sudden change in topic.
She nodded understandingly, the crease between her eyebrows that always meant I’m worried about Tony suddenly deepening. “Be safe.”
“Interesting,” Tony said. “If I had a little time to study up on biochemistry -”
“It warms the cockles of my heart every time you want to use my tech to destroy bad guys, it really does,” Tony said, clasping one armored hand over his heart.
Steve glanced up at the genius, blinking blearily. “I, uh, think I’m trying to make a toy for Dum-E?”
Tony grinned at him. “You’re a million miles away today. What’s going on in the upstairs freezer, Capsicle?”
“They’re the reason we’re here,” Clint answered, sliding bacon onto Thor’s plate and receiving a beam of thanks. “We need to get them doing the horizontal mambo.”
A tidal wave of relief crashed through Steve’s limbs, leaving his hands shaking and his knees weak. Thor tightened his hold on his shoulder, and exchanged a happy grin with Bruce.
It had been eight hours since Tony was blasted backwards off of a New York rooftop, falling unchecked until he hit the ground at full force.
“Jarvis, Project Runway us,” Tony said.
“I would rather you stayed in one piece,” she said sternly, though her watery smile betrayed her. “There’s always another Americano to be found, but there’s only one Tony Stark.”
Bruce sat up straighter. “Oh thank God. I thought I was the only one who’d noticed the pining.”
XO - Obsidian
His relationship with Pepper worked itself out with almost as much ease, and maybe even more grace. While neither of them wavered in their affection towards each other - which despite the snide remarks and disappointed sighs, had always been real and steady - Pepper realized in the aftermath of the battle that she could not be both the CEO of a Fortune 500 company and the worried girlfriend of a superhero at the same time. And as it always did with Pepper, her work won out. She and Tony parted ways amicably, only to be reunited two hours later (and only mildly awkwardly) in a board meeting.
He let out a particularly vicious punch, catching the bag before it swung back into his face. If he had just been Steve Rogers, there wouldn’t be a problem. The only people he’d have to worry about coming out to were his friends, and he was fairly confident that they would be supportive of him. As Captain America, he’d have to come out to the whole country. People’s opinions of him would change. People would begin to actively hate him. Parents would point to him and tell their children that he was what happened when you sinned. Could he be selfish enough to tarnish the reputation of a universal symbol of hope? Was his duty to his country greater than that to himself?
Before he lost someone else.
“Chatter,” Fury interrupted. “It needs to stop now.”
I will not be disavowed of the belief that Natasha is a secret Disney movie junkie.
Natasha can see that Tony and Steve are pining for each other. She can also see that solving this particular problem is going to be more than a one man job, so she calls in reinforcements.
“No apologies necessary, Captain,” Rhodes said. “I know Tony. This is hardly the first time I’ve had to sit in a hospital waiting room worrying over his sorry ass.”
The pen in his hand snapped, splattering blue ink all over his uniform.
Dum-E issued a string of beeps that could be interpreted as a laugh, and Tony shot the bot a betrayed look. “Watch it there, buddy. I still have the power to ship you off to a community college somewhere in Kansas.”
“Of course Sir,” Jarvis said, pulling up the DVR.
With this thought bouncing around in his head, he staggered over to his desk and pulled out a tablet, starting to sketch out some schematics without really thinking about it. The tower was well reinforced, but some of the windows should be replaced with bulletproof glass in case Bruce ever Hulked out on one of the upper floors. Maybe a mediation room, if he ever stayed over and found himself getting stressed. Clint liked high places and having a good line of sight - he could put him in the penthouse - Tony, preferring to sleep close to his workshop, when he slept at all, had left the top floor mostly untouched. A training room for Natasha and Clint to beat each other up in, a living room with state of the art surround sound, a kitchen with enough space to accommodate Thor's coffee and Pop-Tart addiction, and a quiet room with a backlit drawing table for Cap all somehow made it onto the tablet. Within the next hour, the majority of the materials that he would need for the renovations had been ordered, and he managed to curl up on the couch for a two-hour catnap.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Only the slimiest of the slime,” Clint moaned over the comms. “There should be serious retribution for this.”
Natasha shook her head, face somber. “I went underground for ten hours - I still had some contacts,, and was able to get some funds together to get myself out of the city. But I -” her voice trailed off, and it struck Steve that this was the first time he’d ever seen Natasha at a loss for words. He wondered briefly if he’d started hallucinating.
-XO, Obsidian
“Our good friends at A.I.M. are to thank for this delightful Project Runway-ruining interruption,” Tony said, crouching down to examine the device more closely. “Fury, get Richards on the line, I want him seeing this.”
It took a couple of hours for the answering text message to come in, and it was written a bit like a formal letter, but Tony was impressed that he had even learned to type.
“Yes!” Bruce popped up. “How about you guys? We should get you into the safety shower, shit, and you should probably get those shirts off…”
Unfortunately for Clint, he’d forgotten just how strong he was, and even minimal effort from him packed enough force to knock out a super solider. Steve slumped forward, and the arrow went careening off, knocking into a lit Bunsen burner, which fell over onto a stack of papers, which immediately burst into flames.
“Whoa there Point Break,” Tony exclaimed, ducking a second swing. “Easy on the squishy human!”
“Sometimes I feel like people will dismiss my feelings,” Steve admitted. “Because they don’t coincide with what they’ve come to expect of me as Captain America.”
“Ironman, Widow, you’re with me. Let’s focus on declawing them and minimizing damage.”
Instead, he was graced with Pepper’s sleek red ponytail and misty blue eyes, which widened when she noticed he was awake.
Captain Capsicle:
“Oh, there is,” she promised. “As soon as Thor gets here, we can discuss.”
Thor smirked. “Can't take the challenge, Stark?”
-XO, Obsidian
“Excuse me!” Tony protested. “I pay for all of this food, is it too much to ask to be able to eat some of it?”
It both comforted him and alarmed him to realize that he not only knew the schedules these people followed, but that if he returned to the Tower right now, they’d accept him into their day as if he belonged there. As if he was part of their family.
They went at each other for a while, more evenly matched than Thor would have expected. Tony was a smart fighter, and his quick moves made up for what he lacked in brute force. Thor almost forgot his goal, he was so immersed in the fight.
“Cap, Natasha, Clint, round the goblins up as best you can,” Tony ordered. “Thor and I want to try something.”
“You are an angel, Pep, truly,” Tony grinned, already pulling up the 3D rendering and deleting Richards’ comments. “I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Hi y'all. It's been a bit. Have a chapter!
He hadn’t expected to like Steve. Even without the influence of Loki’s scepter, he had thought that Steve would be a representation of everything he despised - a time when men like his father could get away with cruelty under the guise of success. A less advanced, less understanding time. He’d expected Steve to be morally rigid, with no room for failures. No space for failures like him.
“I don’t -” Tony halted, and reconsidered his words. "I'm not planning on sleeping tonight. I've got work to do."
“Steve,” Natasha said, not unkindly. “You can’t do this to yourself.”
Tony clasped a hand over his heart. “My hero.”
“Steve,” Natasha cut him off, not unkindly. “We’ll take care of everything. Why don’t you go wash up, okay?”
"You're exhausted," he said. "Come on, let's get you to bed."
“Yes, Tony?”
It was...nice, actually, getting to know Tony in his natural environment. Steve finally got to meet the man behind the figurehead. Tony Stark, the genius billionaire with a checkered past and the pressures of an international company on his shoulders was a plastic doll, a caricature placed in front of the public for the public's sake.
Clint looked down at Natasha.
“I hope there’s a good reason for this covert morning meeting,” he grumbled. “I was up until three in the morning running an experiment.”
Captain Capsicle:
“Yes, sorry Ms. Lewis,” he said, putting a reassuring hand on her shoulder. “Do you know if those mission reports Agent Hill have been asking for are still on my desk?”
“Man of Iron,” Thor greeted Tony as he walked into the living room later that day. “I was thinking we ought to spar - hand to hand, of course, but it would do you well to be able to defend yourself out of the suit.”
There were a couple of moments of awkward silence, and Tony's heart was thudding in his ears so loudly that he almost missed the next sentence.
Bruce sounded wary. "And how exactly are we going to do that?"
"Are you asking me to move into Stark Tower?" Bruce suddenly interrupted, voice unreadable.
“He’s alright,” she assured him. “You’re both going to be just fine.”
Steve shrugged helplessly. “Honestly, I’ve just been following Dum-E’s instructions. He’s been pointing and I’ve been putting things where he tells me to.”
When he next woke up, it was to a mouthful of curly red hair and a gentle pressure on his ankle. Natasha was curled up behind him on the bed, with Clint keeping watch from what appeared to be a brutally uncomfortable visitors chair. His eyes were trained carefully on the door, as if waiting for something or someone dangerous to burst through, but his gaze shifted to the bed as Tony shifted.
Beep.
The Avengers lapsed back into silence, and Steve glanced up at the clock.
It didn’t take a genius to figure out who the “he” Pepper was referring to was. It could only be Steve - Steve Rogers, the man out of time, who had so quickly captured his heart that Tony hadn’t realized he was in love with until it was too late for him to drink himself out of it.
Steve snorted at that, a little warmth worming its way back into his numb limbs. “Of course. No one would want to miss such an important event.”
Thor, for a prince, was extremely low maintenance. All he needed was easy access to coffee and PopTarts, and he was happier than "a Bilgshinpe in a bog". He did, however, have an unnatural tendency to fall asleep on the couch in the middle of the day, which often resulted in a very frustrated Clint trying to eat lunch while ignoring the earth-shattering snores emanating from the other room.
“Hmmmm?”
Also ten points to whoever catches the Hamilton reference.
He couldn’t have this. No matter how much he wanted it, this was just something he’d never have.
Well, anyways. He didn’t need much sleep to function at full capacity as it was.
“You are not experimenting on the mysterious goo creatures, Tony,” Natasha said, exasperated. He got the sense that Clint had suggested something similar just before he got there.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“Bruce is science-broing without me?” Tony asked, indignance and just a little hurt coloring his voice. Natasha gave his unbandaged hand a gentle squeeze.
He asked Natasha (and by extension, Clint) next. Despite the initial shock of look-who's-a-SHIELD-agent-and-not-a-personal-assistant, Tony liked to think that he and the Widow got along fairly well. They both understood what it was like to have stood on the other side of the line in the sand, to have done (or invented) terrible things with - at best - only flimsy justification. Besides, the woman knew about the absolute best shawarma joints in New York.
He’d called Tony to his lab a couple of hours ago to get some feedback on a medicine that he was developing. Ostensibly, it was meant to reduce the discomfort that accompanied his transformation from the Hulk back into his normal body - his bones could only take so much stress, after all - and he wanted Tony’s opinion on some of the chemical structures. For an engineer, Tony knew a hell of a lot about biochemistry.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, helping him to his feet.
He wanted to be a good man, as he had promised Dr. Erskine. He just wasn’t sure anymore if that meant staying true to his public image, or his private desires. Not when they had divulged so far from each other.
failure.
Within a week, the rest of the Avengers had moved into Stark Tower - well, Avengers Tower now. Clint had accidentally called it by the wrong name, and despite Tony's best efforts to point out the name in massive lights on the side of the building, the new title seemed to be sticking.
“What’s the damage?” Tony asked, slowly becoming aware of a dull throbbing in his head and chest. He suspected, that were he not on a significant amount of very good painkillers, he’d be be in agony right now.
Eight hours since Reed Richards had managed to reverse the polarity of whatever the fuck that object was, sending the dinosaurs rampaging through the city back to the right era.
Beep.
He headed out of the kitchen towards the elevator. Steve hesitated, wanting to reach out and comfort the inventor, but unsure if that kind of thing fit within the bounds of their relationship. If it had been Bucky, or any of the other Howling Commandos, he wouldn’t have given it a second thought. But the specter of the things that they said to each other during the attack on New York still lingered, even though their relationship had become much more friendly, and Steve wasn’t sure if the gesture would be appreciated.
She took a shuddering breath and wiped under her eyes. “You promised you’d be more careful, Tony.”
Sorry this one was a tad short - I promise a long, sappy chapter next time :)
Unfortunately, they didn’t start getting mushy and profess their love for each other, as she’d hoped. Tony got very hyper, talking so rapidly about quantum physics that she wasn’t even sure that he was breathing. Steve suddenly found everything and everyone hilarious. He’d been rolling around on the floor of the living room for the past half hour, laughing so hard that he was wheezing. She wasn’t even sure what he was laughing at anymore. Either way, there was no confession of feelings, and as patient as she was, she was ready to clobber their heads together.
However, as hard as he tried, his thoughts kept drifting back to the Tower, wondering what his teammates - dare he even say friends? Family? - were up to. It was about ten in the morning, which means Clint and Natasha were probably just coming back from whatever top-secret meetings they attended at SHIELD most days (“top secret” being a fairly loose term, as he’d long ago had Jarvis hack the security footage of those meetings, and they mostly consisted of Fury bitching about Congress or the World Security Council while Natasha made veiled death threats and Clint shot rubberbands at a very tense Maria Hill).
Tony piled a plate high with food and grabbed his coffee mug. He walked past Clint, nudging the archer as he went. “There was a new episode of Project Runway last night, I had Jarvis record it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What can’t you complete?” Tony asked, walking into the kitchen with Steve. Natasha eyed them suspiciously.
Pepper laughed lightly, and Tony felt something in his chest tighten. No matter that he’d come to terms long ago with their inability to be anything but friends - he would always love her, and to say that he missed hearing that laugh every day would be a lie.
“Don’t ignore me Tony, I know you’re awake.”
He opened his eyes again, and could have sworn he saw the ghost of his mother behind him, smiling sadly in the mirror.
Clint fled back through the vents to the sound of Tony’s indignant spluttering.
It also became clear to Steve how much Tony was still struggling with the aftermath of what happened in the Chitauri attack. He recognized the symptoms as ones he’d seen in many men who came back from the war - in his time they called it shell shock, but he now knew that it was an actual condition, called PTSD. Tony still jumped at unexpected noises, still kept an eye on the exits at all times, even when he was working. The one time they both fell asleep during a movie, Steve was woken up by Tony gasping into the dark.
Tony flipped up the visor to stare at the little green creatures, who were scrambling all over the street like over-excited puppies. They looking something like a cross between cats and salamanders, with sharp, upturned ears and long tails. Every once and a while, one of them would flick out it’s tongue, knocking over signs and cafe chairs and the occasional dumpster.
He winced. “C’mon Pep, I didn’t have a choice. You really would have rather I let the dinosaurs destroy your favorite Midtown cafe?”
Steve shook his head to shake away the memories, turning on the faucet and splashing his face and neck with water, scrubbing at his skin with paper towels until it was pink and clean.
Tony’s eyes glittered with determination. “Oh, you are on.”
“Dinner then,” Tony waved a hand. “I’m pretty sure I haven’t eaten since you brought me that sandwich.”
“Ironman.”
Wait, what? Tony wasn’t so pessimistic that he couldn’t say that he and Steve hadn’t become incredibly close since Steve moved into the tower, but he couldn’t possibly imagine why it would upset Steve so much that he had been hurt. They’d spent more time than he cared to consider together in hospital waiting rooms while a teammate (usually Clint, much to Natasha’s continued dismay) battled worse injuries than this, and Steve was always a solid pillar of optimism and leadership.
He called Pepper and begged off of work for the next week, citing a cold that he didn't actually have. Pepper, bless her heart, read between the lines and agreed to make his excuses. As soon as the materials he had ordered arrived and Jarvis had them sent up, he locked himself into the tower and proceeded to completely redesign the top ten floors of the building. The next week - which passed by in a haze of caffeine fueled productivity and contained more than one nap in the sand pit he'd built for Bruce's bonsai garden - he completely overhauled the place until it looked like an Avengers-worthy home (base).
Also also side note I am literally wowed at the support I've been getting for my rambling headcanon drabbles, thank you all so much, it means a lot!!
“Hulk smash?” the Hulk asked hopefully. He’d been tasked with sitting on top of a subdued T-rex, but the big green guy was starting to get antsy.
Tony wakes up disoriented, tired, and in the company of friends.
I am so sorry for abandoning you all this summer. There were a number of professional and personal things that came up that I had to deal with, and then I was abroad sans computer, so I didn't have a lot of time for writing/posting.
Steve couldn’t say how long he’d been working at this point - hours or days could have passed, and he wouldn’t have noticed a thing, even if Fury had walked into his office stark naked and juggling Chitauri skulls. At one point, Agent Hill had come by and given him a strange look that came off as a combination of impressed and sympathetic, but otherwise, he’d been left alone. He knew that he was reaching his limit - it’d been thirty-six hours since he’d last slept, with a long battle with dinosaurs during that time - not to mention the stress of waiting to hear about Tony’s condition, and the complete lack of food. He knew he should rest, knew it would be bad if he didn’t stop to take a break.
XO - Obsidian
It was disgustingly cute, but also incredibly absurd, and Natasha had had just about enough.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered. “I didn’t - Steve, Rhodey said -“
But then last week someone left a comment saying that they read the fic and hoped that I would continue, and I just happened to see it because I checked my old email account, which I rarely do and I was really touched that someone would leave a comment after all this time. So I dusted off my draft, tried to remember where I was going with the plot other than finding a way to write about dinosaurs, and finished the chapter that I'd left hanging for a solid two years.
“Things I never thought I would hear,” Natasha commented. “This would be first on that list.”
Squaring his shoulders, he pulled the first file from the mountain in front of him, and started on it as if marching to war against paperwork.
So, he had to be creative and secretive. Two things that weren’t necessarily in his purview.
Rhodey nodded. “He was first on the scene. It….it was bad, Tony. I didn’t get to the hospital until well after you’d gone into surgery, and he was still a wreck. Red Skull could have popped up in front of him, and unless he had information on how you were doing, I doubt Steve would have noticed.”
So if he could do something that could make two of his only friends happy, he was damn well going to do it.
They squared up against each other, Tony crouching down into a defensive position, and Thor lunged forward, swiping at him. Tony sidestepped, but just in the nick of time.
Tony smiled, a slow, soft thing that curled at the corners of his mouth. “Alright, Steve,” he said. “Then it’s Tony to you.”
“Capsicle.”
This is a lot of the thought processes I went through trying to come out. It's not an easy thing to do when there are certain expectations people have of you.
She smiled at the worried family clustered in front of her. “However, the doctor is confident that with rest and proper care, Mr. Stark will make a full recovery and return to the field shortly.”
Steve easily sliced his way through a crowd of goblins, hunkering down behind the side of a building.
“Be careful,” Steve ordered.
Silently, Tony patted himself on the back for having the foresight to soundproof all of the bedrooms.
“I’m sure it can wait until morning,” Steve said gently. “You’re going to collapse from exhaustion.”
Someday, he hoped Tony would appreciate everything that he did for him.
Thank you to the reader who reached out and left that comment! It meant a lot. Enjoy!
For a brief moment, Steve thought he detected a hint of disappointment in Tony’s face, but if it was there, it was gone in a flash, leaving only a dazzling smile behind. “Deal. Jarvis, the usual
“Family of Tony Stark?” a nurse called out, and visibly started when six superheroes suddenly appeared in front of her with inhuman speed.
“Tony,” Rhodes said sternly. “Your lung collapsed.”
“Capsicle.”
“That will be all, Ms. Potts.”
“I think I deserve to be a little freaked out.”
Natasha Romanov was a very, very patient person. She’d once sat in the same position for sixteen hours straight while staking out a target, not once moving to eat or go to the bathroom. She spent a year and a half undercover, unable to see or hear from Clint, to get close to a mark. Hell, she’d even stood in line for the lottery for Hamilton tickets the other week, and had managed not to maim anyone, not even a little bit.
No one is getting what they want today.
Okay, so maybe this was not a
Rhodey must have sensed where his thoughts were going, because he smiled gently. “I think that once you’re out of here, you and Steve are going to need to have a long talk.”
Tony connects a wire, and the device whirs to life. “Did you mean to build a functional bot?”
Eight hours since Thor and Hulk had pummeled two A.I.M. agents into bits and pieces, not holding back an ounce of their strength.
“I don’t think this is working,” Clint stage-whispered to Natasha, who merely glared at him.
Tony landed next to Thor, who had gathered with the rest of the team near the entrance to Gramercy Park. “Any particular reason we’re not rushing in to smash them to bits?”
He couldn’t have this. No matter how much he wanted it, this was just something he’d never have.
"Well, yeah. Don't get me wrong, I love the big guy, but he can be a little expensive when he gets angry around the Ming vases."
He couldn’t ask Tony to suffer through the conflict that his coming out was sure to bring, couldn’t ask him to have his name be raked through mud, to be accused of sullying the “pure” Captain America with his salacious ways.
“Recovery time?” Tony asked through gritted teeth, already formulating ways to increase the suit’s oxygen input to compensate for his healing lung.
Tony grimaced as he rotated his head towards the voice demanding his attention, and was glad to see that it was Rhodey smiling over him.
He knew how hard it had been for Tony to lose Pepper, how hard he’d been trying to develop and maintain real relationships. Tony deserved someone who could make him truly happy, someone he could just be with, without having to worry about the national fallout.
“Where is everyone?” he finally asked, concern for his team’s wellbeing foremost on his mind after his conversation with Rhodey the night before.
Steve nodded absentmindedly as he processed her words. Suddenly, their full meaning hit him, and he glanced in surprise between Natasha and Tony.
“Morning, sleepyhead,” he said cheerfully. “You look like shit.”
“I wouldn’t let that happen,” Steve said, reaching out a hand to the bot. Dum-E trilled happily, trundling over to Steve and pushing his camera against his outstretched palm.
Steve rolled his eyes affectionately. “I’m just tired, is all. Is there a particular reason you interrupted my sketching or are you just being obnoxious?”
His plan was simple - Steve had a habit of spending as much time as physically possible in the lab with Tony, which meant the two of them were alone together a lot. He’d sneak through the vents, shoot a heart shaped arrow at the back of Steve’s head, then lock the two of them in the lab. Steve would get flustered, Tony would think it was adorable, and they’d have to find a way to explain why there was a love-themed arrow flying around. Bada bing, bada boom, they’re together.
There was a hint of fondness and amusement in her voice that too closely echoed Rhodey’s smile from the night before, as if they were both in on a secret he didn’t know. Normally, that would have driven him crazy, but for the moment he was content to let it be, instead allowing her gentle breathing to lull him into a daze. By the time Clint returned, with a nurse and an unusually quiet Thor in tow, he was already fast asleep.
“What are you, a cat?”
“Tony, that was yesterday,” Steve groaned disapprovingly. “Come on, let’s get the team together and get some pizza.”
Thor Odinson, prince of Asgard, was used to taking a hands-on approach to his problems. He’d never quite mastered the tact and slyness that his brother used so effectively. He was, however, not a complete idiot, and knew that merely mashing the two mens’ heads together and shouting “Kiss!” would probably not be the best approach.
“Aye,” the god of thunder boomed. “Have our friends retreat to a safe distance!”
“What?!” Tony squeaked out as indignantly as he could. “This is nothing. Small potatoes. A minor ouchie, if you will. I’ll be good to go in like a week.”
“Colonel Rhodes, I’m so sorry,” Steve started, but the other man shook his head and held up a hand, stopping him in his tracks.
“Don’t worry, Tony,” Steve laughed as he walked into the room, a tray of food in each hand. “There’s plenty more where that came from.”
Tony smirked at him, a smile that pulled up one side of his lips and crinkled the corners of his eyes. It was so unlike the smile Steve was used to - the fake, full grin that he so often put on for the press. This one was genuine, and so full of real happiness that something warm filled the inside of Steve’s chest.
“Hey Stark,” Steve called after him, and the inventor turned around. “You can call me Steve, if you want.”
For just a moment, as Steve pulled the cowl off, his tousled blonde hair glinted in the sunlight, a smear of ash on his cheek. His blue eyes connected with Tony’s and Tony swore he saw something hidden in them. He stepped forward, wanting to be closer, but then Steve turned to congratulate Thor on a fight well fought, and the moment was lost. Tony’s heart sank to the concrete as he remembered the absolute truth of his situation.
Rhodey sighed, dragging his hand over his face in a clear sign of exhaustion. The bags under his eyes and the slight tremor in the clenched fist on his knee pointed to more than a few hours sitting by his hospital bed.
“Uh, Bruce?” Steve piped up. “Is this stuff supposed to burn?”
Tony’s face fell so imperceptibly that someone less attuned to his features wouldn’t have noticed, adding guilt to the pool of nausea gathering in Steve’s gut. “Of course. Thanks for spending time with Dum-E, Steve.”
“What’s not working?” Tony groaned.
She tapped Clint on the shoulder to get his attention, then signed up at him.
“Was Steve there?”
Steve frowned, a sinking feeling settling into his gut. “I have no idea.”
“Focus, Ironman,” Steve said, now in full on Captain America mode. “Thor, you’re air support. Make sure these things don’t get any farther downtown. Clint, go with Thor and pick off any stragglers from above.”
Bruce came over and clapped a hand on his shoulder. “Look, if you ever need to talk, I’m here for you. But you have to decide for yourself whether your own happiness matters more than what other people think of you.”
“I haven’t, not entirely. I’ve learned to control the Hulk, for the most part. Learned how to forgive myself for the things that I’ve done. But that doesn’t mean that I’m always happy with my decisions. It doesn’t mean that I’m not afraid of what I could do.”
Steve was sure that Tony would resist any open attempts to help him - pride was one of the many traits Howard seemed to have passed on to his son - so he did little things to help out. If Tony fell silent while working, Steve would start humming under his breath, to give him some background noise. If the bots were about to come up behind Tony with something, Steve would redirect their attention towards himself so they didn't startle him.
Clint snorted.
Natasha managed the faintest of smiles. “I found out years later that it was something Coulson had said to him when he’d first been recruited. But in the moment, it worked. I went back for him.” She shook her head fondly. “The first words out of his mouth were ‘I hope you brought falafel’. He never doubted that I would come back - ten hours alone on a dirt floor, bleeding to death, and never once did his faith in me waver.”
When he found them, he made his way over, nodding in greeting and sitting down next to Steve.
She rubbed a hand over her forehead. “Clint likes to joke that he and I remember that mission differently. That’s because he spent most of it bleeding out and delirious with fever.”
Natasha fixed him with a glare (not that she meant it, but it was fun to watch him cower), and he shrank back. “Maybe we just don’t want your input, Stark.”
The hours stretched on interminably. Steve alternated between pacing back and forth between the door and the desk and sitting stock-still, the only movement his knee bouncing nervously.
“Um, Bruce?” Tony asked. “Are you okay?”
-----------------------
Tony poked his tongue out at the archer. “Fuck you too Clint.”
Caught off guard, Tony could only nod. “Yes, of course.”
“Iron Man, report,” Steve demanded. “Who’s there?”
She took a shuddering breath. “It didn’t get easier immediately after that. It took another six hours to get an extraction team in, and Clint nearly died several times during that wait. He didn’t recover fully for another two months, and it took even longer for me to really trust him, or S.H.I.E.L.D. It took years after that for me to trust him enough for us to get together.” She looked at him with keen eyes. “But what helped the most was knowing that he believed in my ability to take control of the narrative back from the fear that had been controlling me for so long. That he was willing to wait for however long it took me to get there”
“It was one of our first missions together after I’d defected. I was still twitchy and suspicious, jumping at shadows. Clint was trying really hard to prove to everyone that this was going to work out, that he shouldn’t lose his job for refusing to kill me in the first place.” She shook her head. “It was supposed to be an easy retrieval - get in, get intel, get out. But our cover got blown, and we were ambushed.”
Thor was well aware that Steve spent most of his time either running or working out in the gym - it was a problem they’d all discussed, trying to figure out how to get him out of the Tower more - but now, it would serve him well.
"Hey Tony, what's the emergency?"
Steve snorted. “So, not all that often then?”
After the paramedics had rushed Tony to the nearest hospital, Natasha and Clint had helped him to his feet and led him to the waiting QuinJet, leaving Thor, a very muddled Bruce, and a severely pissed-off Maria Hill to deal with cleanup. They followed the ambulance to the hospital, landing on the roof and hustling to the emergency room as quickly as they could. There, Natasha bullied a nurse into giving them information on Tony’s condition, only to be told that he’d been rushed to an operating room nearly as soon as he’d been triaged.
Steve was across the room before Thor could so much as blink, crouching down next to their injured teammate, and Thor’s guilt at hurting his friend evaporated as he watched Steve cradle the inventor’s wrist gently. The sense of triumph disappeared as Steve muttered something about calling Bruce, and moved back across the room to call him up on the communications panel, leaving Thor to apologize to Tony and help him to his feet. Thor sighed, watching Tony stare at Steve as he babbled to Bruce, pain forgotten in favor of a crestfallen expression.
Tony watched in morbid fascination as the goo began to shift and retake form, mutilated versions of the creatures rising from the muck like phoenixes from ash. “I believe, dear Captain, that we are witnessing regeneration.”
Where's ~Steve?~ I'm sure he's not off in a corner repressing his feelings or anything. Because that would be silly.
“Whoever it is, we’re going to have to figure out what AIM wants with the technology now that they have it,” Clint chimed in. “I doubt dinosaur stampedes are their ultimate goal.”
“Steve!”
Tony shifted uncomfortably, suddenly feeling nerves pressing against his chest, right behind the reactor's casing. "Well, I know that you like your work in India and everything, but here you'd have access to all of the R&D you wanted, and I moved a couple of things around and put away all of the breakables, so -"
“Jesus, Nat.” Steve said softly, but she just shook her head.
“Tony’s going to have a fit if he has to keep paying to repair his tower,” Bruce commented wryly from the doorway. Steve whirled around to face his teammate, who glanced back at him with his eyebrows raised.
“We need you to find whoever is behind the attack,” Fury said. “Richards said that he can reverse the portal polarity if he can get the original frequency.”
"Uh, yes?"
“Eyes on the sky, Iron Man,” Steve ordered, back in Captain America mode.
Steve smiled softly to himself. He’d have to get Tony to rest once he was allowed to come home, or risk Pepper’s ire. He imagined days lounging on the couch, Tony wrapped tightly in blankets as he complained over whatever B-list sci-fi movie Bruce has picked out for them. The image thawed the last frozen recesses in his body, and he felt himself relax fully for the first time in twelve hours.
Steve frowned. Upon closer inspection, Tony looked utterly exhausted. The rings under his eyes could have been mistaken for bruises, and his eyes were completely bloodshot. Fine tremors ran through his fingers.
Eventually though, Tony tired, and Thor saw his opportunity to strike. If he could pin Tony, not only would Steve be worried, but maybe he’d be jealous enough to make a move….
He nodded, inhaling a shaky breath. “Yeah, okay, I’ll just…”
She replied surprisingly quickly:
Steve gestured. “Of course, help yourself! But you have to eat some fruit with that bacon.”
“That is unclear at the moment, I’m afraid. Ms. Potts has a variety of unpleasant administrative tasks planned for Master Stark.”
“Dum-E,” Tony muttered, voice thick with exhaustion. “Turn the timer off.”
Steve winced in sympathy, but stayed quiet.
Tony allowed himself a brief exhale of relief over his phones' capacity. "Well, my jolly green friend, I've been thinking about what we would do in dire times such as these, when we need to contact each other in case of emergency, and I've decided that the best solution is to ensure that we are always in contact."
“Woah, woah,” Steve put his other hand on Tony’s free shoulder, steadying the other man and forcing him to look in his eyes. “Tony, it’s just me. It’s Steve. You’re in the Tower.”
Chortling, Steve went over to the bots’ charging station, tapping Dum-E, U and Butterfingers on their struts as he went. The bots all whirled to life with excited chirps, and he smiled as he greeted them all.
The PTSD, on the other hand, didn't seem to want to quiet down. Despite medication and a S.H.I.E.L.D-issued therapist, Tony still found himself jolting awake in the middle of the night, stars dancing around his head and the sensation of falling heavy in his gut. Some nights, he was able to calm his breathing, close his eyes, and fall back into a fitful sleep. Other nights - most nights, if he was honest with himself - he found himself down in his workshop, updating and redesigning his armor until it may as well have been its own person.
Steve would be so disappointed.
“And Jarvis,” he said. “Someone should let him and the bots know -”
Tony smiled gratefully at his back as he left, then closed his eyes and leaned back against Natasha.
Clint stroked his hair. “Nothing, you sad, drunk billionaire. Nothing.”
His Avengers alarm went off just then, saving him from any more scrutiny from Pepper’s uncannily observant gaze. Pulling his phone out of his pocket, he smiled at Cap’s face on the screen before answering the call.
Suddenly, a screech rang out from down the street. One of the goblins reared up on its back legs, retractable claws releasing from its front limbs, and started slashing up a CVS storefront. Immediately, his fellow goo-monsters reacted, claws coming out and the sounds of screeching metal filling the street.
That being said, he knew that his team viewed the arc reactor as more of a miracle than a curse. Steve had commented more than once on how beautiful it was, how it was the greatest advancement that he’d seen in the 21st century. And Tony, remembering the aftermath of the battle of New York, had never corrected his thinking. He took a shaky breath.
What these men didn’t seem to realize was that getting two people together was one of the easiest things in the world, even with stubborn asses like Steve and Tony. All it took was a little bit of alcohol.
“And what, exactly, are you trying to make?” Tony asked curiously, eying the pile of scrap metal.
"I do miss the camaraderie of our team, Friend Tony," he admitted over the phone (Tony made a mental note to figure out how, exactly, his phone got reception from Asgard), "and it would do me good to see Jane again. I have missed her much these past weeks."
Steve’s heart soared at knowing he had some small part in putting that smile on Tony’s face, then immediately swooped into his stomach, which retaliated with a wave of cold nausea.
“I’m in love with Tony Stark,” Steve breathed, amazed.
Also fair warning this isn't really IM3 compliant.
Natasha ducked a stray swipe, finding herself embattled between monsters on two fronts. “Any suggestions?”
That softened Pepper’s smile, and she extended a hand to help him out of his chair. “When are you not? Anything in particular?”
Steve looked up at the damaged plaster. Cracks webbed out from the center of destruction, and he traced their paths as he got his breathing under control.
For the first couple of minutes, everything went perfectly - the creatures were aggressive, but stupid, and tended to move in a pack, which made it easy to take a lot of them out at once. The goo was tough, but not impermeable. A little heat melted them straight away, and Clint pulled out some of his explosive arrows (courtesy of Tony, of course) to help Tony and Thor with the live ammo.
“You’re going to be okay,” he said, his voice thick with promise. “And when you are, we’re going to have a talk.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He clasped a hand over his heart. “You wound me, Natasha. Everyone wants my input. That’s why I charge such exorbitant consulting fees.”
Tony couldn’t help the laugh that escaped at that, and Pepper turned her head sharply, well attuned to the many noises of Tony Stark. She fixed him with a stern glare, and he smiled back apologetically, before sending one more text and putting his phone back in his pocket.
“Fury, your guys getting this at SHIELD?” Tony asked.
“I have been,” Tony responded automatically, conveniently forgetting the fifty-six hour long inventing binge he had indulged in just a few days ago. “I’m just thinking.”
Wandering over towards the table where he’d built Dum-E’s toy earlier, Steve brushed his hands along some of Tony’s holographic screens, accidentally bringing one to life. Curious, Steve peered closer at the screen. “Jarvis, is this something I can look at?”
Tony avoided a dive attack from the pterodactyl he was currently fighting. “I am going to take you up on that Capsicle, don’t think I’m going to forget.”
Rhodey barked out a wry laugh. “Yeah. Ah.”
Steve nodded wordlessly. Clapping a hand on Steve’s shoulder, Rhodey moved back towards the door, pulling out his phone as he went.
"Bruce, my science bro," Tony responded, leaning back in his chair, "if this had been an actual emergency, I probably would have been dead by now."
“And now?” Steve asked.
“Now, Thor!” Tony shouted. The god aimed Mjolnir at the center of the group of goblins and released a bolt of lightning, just as Tony fired his repulsors at the same spot. The two beams of energy met in the middle, and Tony squinted as the intensity of the light grew to nearly unbearable brightness. Suddenly, the ball of energy exploded, sending the monsters - and Tony - tumbling through the street.
Clint was an extraordinarily observant man. He had to be - there were times when his aids didn’t work, or he didn’t feel like wearing them (read, forgot to wear them), and his eyesight was the only way he could interact with the world around him.
Tony’s phone buzzed in his pocket, and he slipped the thin device out as subtly as possible, careful not to draw Pepper’s keen gaze from across the boardroom.
"Sounds great, rage monster. I'll see you soon."
Now, all he had to do was convince the others to move in.
Steve let out an irritated huff and swung at the bag hard enough to pull the hook out of the ceiling. The metal wrenched free with a thud and the crack of drywall, as a piece of plaster shattered onto the gym floor.
Steve snickered, though he couldn’t help but feel somewhat sympathetic for the poor inventor. Pepper Potts was indeed a force of her own - a worthy peer of Peggy, if ever he saw one.
Rhodes glanced towards the heavens in a familiar plea to whatever higher beings may exist, probably asking for the strength to keep from murdering his best friend. “Tony,” he said again, gentler this time. “The arc reactor went out.”
So, Natasha knew how to bide her time, and wait for results. However, if her idiotic teammates didn’t get their heads out of their asses and start dating sometime soon, someone was going to end up stabbed.
“Tony,” Steve greeted him. “We’ve got a problem down on Lexington. How soon can you get there?”
Tony wasn’t used to knowing other people's’ schedules. Even when he and Pepper were dating, he relied on Jarvis to inform him of where she was and what she was doing. This was a strange sort of intimacy he’d developed with the team. The kind of intimacy he’d expected he could have had with his parents, had they been different people.
“And third thing I can find a way to blame on Fury today,” Tony muttered.
Beep.
This is mostly a filler-fluff chapter working up to the good stuff. Some mentions of panic and PTSD, but mostly my favorite Steve hangs out in the lab and admires Tony trope. And pizza. I'm hungry.
“What do you mean?” He asked.
“As you say, Sir.”
“Report in, Iron Man,” Steve said immediately.
As if on cue, Thor strolled into the kitchen, hair perfectly done and sporting an Adventure Time tshirt that Natasha was fairly certain Darcy had given to him.
Not sure how to answer without getting himself into potentially troublesome waters, Tony shrugged and buried his head in Natasha’s neck, huffing with the pain the movement caused. “So, on a scale from one to flying a nuclear warhead through an intergalactic wormhole, how much trouble am I in?”
He waited patiently until Jarvis informed him that Steve had headed down to the lab, his customary sketchbook tucked under his arm. While Jarvis had never directly said anything to any of the team about getting Tony and Steve together, he’d done little things to help them along - letting them know when Steve and Tony were in the same room, warning them if one or the other was about to walk in on a planning session, so Clint assumed he was in favor of the arrangement.
The man in front of him sneered. “I’ll have you know, Mr. Stark, that the protection of this device is of utmost importance. You have no idea what Scientist Supreme and our new partner are preparing for. You and your little friends are hardly a match for what is to come.”
Natasha sidled up to Bruce at the counter. The scientist was still sleep-ruffled, his hair sticking up in all different directions. He clutched a mug of coffee in his hands, and was staring rather listlessly as he watched Clint fry bacon at the stove.
Eight hours.
“Dum-E!”
“It can’t be that hard,” Bruce mused. “Tony may be stubborn, but he’s not stupid. If we play this right, we can probably get them together by the end of the week.”
The furrow between Rhodey’s brow, the one he’d dubbed ‘the Tony T’ in college, deepened in concern. “Tony, you’ve been sober six months. You’re in the hospital because you got your idiot head knocked around by a bad guy again.”
“Aha,” Tony said. “I knew, somehow, that this was Fury’s fault. I hope he knows that I charge by the minute for consulting time.”
Nope, not at all.
“Six weeks, minimum,” Rhodes said. “And Steve’ll probably keep you out of the field for longer, if he has anything to say about it.”
Slowly, Natasha raised her hand to high-five Clint.
“Now, I know that it doesn’t have to be anything other than what you want it to be.”
---------
Steve sat back, stunned. He had mentioned a couple of months ago that it felt weird to know that his first shield, from the war, was sitting unused in a vault in the Smithsonian, only to be trotted out during the annual Captain America display around the Fourth of July. Even if he hadn’t had a sentimental attachment to the shield, he grew up poor in the forties - even now, with enough backpay to keep him living comfortably for the rest of his forseeable life, and a billionaire as a best friend, it just felt wasteful for Tony to have to dig up the vibranium to make a new shield. However, when he had asked the museum for the shield back, the curator had talked around him about “national heritage” and a “gift to the country” until he couldn’t remember what he had been asking in the first place.
-------------------
With one last sweep of his hand over Tony’s hair, Rhodey left him alone in the dark of the room, aching, exhausted, and very, very confused.
“Thanks,” he croaked when he could finally catch his breath. Whatever drugs he had been on the night before were clearly wearing off - both his head and his chest were throbbing with the pain of what felt like several dull carving knives, and the other injuries littered across his body were starting to make themselves known.
“Yes!” Steve jolted to attention, pencil falling to the side as he flipped his sketchbook closed.
“Goo goblins,” Clint answered into his earpiece, sounding way too cheerful for someone who shot evil creatures for a living. “Bruce is at SHIELD trying to figure out the composition and where they came from right now.”
See you again probably this weekend!
“Hey Bruce!” Steve called out as he slipped into the lab. “You wanted to grab lunch?”
But Tony?
“Uh, yeah,” Darcy said, pushing her glasses up her nose. “But isn’t Mr. Stark… I mean, shouldn’t you -”
Tony flashed him a grin. “Yeah, right BirdBrain. I was already your favorite.”
“I know,” he said, covering her hand with his. Their breakup had been a lot of things, but it had never been about them not loving each other. “I’m sorry.”
“Perhaps we should focus on trading insults after the movie,” Bruce suggested lightly, and everyone immediately shut up. No one wanted a repeat of the fiasco that resulted when someone (read, Tony) tried to interrupt him while he was watching Fast and Furious.
He nodded, but made no promises. He couldn’t lie to Pepper any more than he already had.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly. “Just play the episode.”
Of all of his new roommates, Tony had decided that Steve was definitely the best. The super soldier was polite, clean, and quiet. He was immensely pleased with the drawing room, though he rarely used it - he more often sat around the tower, drawing whatever happened to be in front of him. He cooked for the whole team almost every night, and he let them off of training once a week for movie night.
Ah. Tony swallowed hard. While he’d never quite adjust to the feeling of his heart beating against an electromagnet always just one or two degrees colder than his body temperature, he’d come to terms with the fact that it was there, and that his life depended on it. Being a futurist, he also understood that there would come a day where the technology would ultimately fail, or would be damaged in the field to too great of an extent, or too far away from a replacement. He’d made his peace with the fact that the very thing keeping him alive would also cause his death.
He was just going to keep that one to himself.
Only, whatever this was, whatever the feeling that had balled up behind his sternum and refused to go away was, it wasn’t exactly a fight.
As Pepper click-clacked her way out of the room, Tony turned his attention back to the schematic of the device that almost got him killed (again). He cracked his knuckles, immediately regretted it, checked the door for any sign of star-spangled spandex, and got to work.
“How fares our shield brother?” Thor asked, his hand clasped steadily on Steve’s shoulder.
The only problem was, he wasn't exactly creative. He’d googled how to set friends up, with limited success. Most of the tips involved actually revealing the plan to the potential lovebirds, which was completely counterproductive - Natasha had made it very clear that if either Steve or Tony caught on, they’d avoid each other even harder than they were currently.
Um, so hi.
The second eyebrow swooped up to meet its partner, and Steve conceded defeat, letting his head fall forward onto his desk. He noticed vaguely that the room was spinning gently.
“Someone who has access to tech that’s nearly as advanced as something Tony or Richards could come up with,” Steve said. “Maybe HammerTech?”
“Funny,” Clint said. “I just thought you liked hearing yourself talk.”
Cracking his eyes open, Tony was pleasantly surprised to find that the lights overhead were dimmed, a darkened window clearly indicating that it was nighttime. He was less pleasantly surprised to realize that while the room was not familiar, it was easily recognizable as a hospital room. He winced. It had been a long time since he’d gone on a bender bad enough to land himself in the hospital.
Tony redirected his glare towards Steve. “Stop stealing my bots’ hearts, Steve. Now, I was going to ask you if you wanted lunch?”
Tony thinks too much, Pepper is a sweetheart, and Thor has finally learned some pop culture references. All in a day's work for the Avengers.
Tony grasped his hands over his chest in mock offense. “Me, obnoxious? Why Dum-E, can you believe this hersey?”
He stood abruptly, nearly knocking over the inventor in his haste. Tony looked at him in confusion, and he forced a smile. “Sorry, I have to go. Forgot I had training with Clint scheduled.”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, concerned.
-------------------------------------
Rhodes frowned. “I’m sorry, AIM created a time vortex? That seems a little advanced for what they’ve been able to do so far.”
But as always, it was too late - he was too late.
Tony flushed at the praise, pulling off the visor to grin at his teammate.
Bruce flashed a smile at him. “It’s okay. I know what you’re talking about. When I first became the Hulk, everyone thought I was a monster. And I believed it.”
“Easy,” Rhodes chided, pulling his hand away gently.
She moved closer, cupping his cheek. “They are taking care of you, right?”
Tony managed a lopsided grin for Pepper’s sake. “They’re doing what they can. Jarvis told them my favorite type of pizza, so there are plenty of food-related bribes.”
The bot in question chirped in agreement, trundling over to his maker and latching onto Tony’s shirt, tugging him forward. Laughing, Tony followed his bot over to the workbench, where Steve was hunched over a tangle of wires and spare parts.
Both spies shook their heads. “S.H.I.E.L.D is looking into it,” Natasha said. “And I’ve put some feelers out among some old contacts who have worked with A.I.M before. Whoever they’re working with, we’ll find them.”
Three down, two to go.
“Just this once,” she said, stroking a soft hand over his forearm. “Steve told me what happened. I know it wasn’t your fault. I just - I can’t-”
Tony laughed, and Steve glanced up at the other man. His eyes were creased with smile lines - so different from the usual tension there - and one side of his nose was scrunched up adorably.
Sure enough, Steve was in the gym when they arrived, studiously beating a punching bag to a pulp. He waved at them when they walked in, but immediately resumed his workout. Thor frowned. If he was distracted, the plan might not work….
Tony watched from above as Steve bashed his way through a gaggle of velociraptors, admiring the way that sweat gleamed along his jawline. “Well, when you put it that way….and for the record, Thor still refuses to use any of my tech.”
“Have I ever told you what really happened in Budapest?” Natasha interrupted suddenly, sliding into the chair across from his desk with preternatural grace.
Tony shook his head, trying to focus on the board member who’d been droning on for half an hour now - some old bat who’d been around since Howard’s day, who he’d never been able to figure out how to get rid of.
______________
Natasha ran a soothing hand up and down the length of his spine. “The doctors here are good, Steve, some of the best. And Tony has been through worse.”
Thor was also remarkably easy to persuade. Tony had assumed that he would have duties on Asgard that would keep him from coming back to Earth - he certainly took his time getting here before New York - but the god of thunder was actually quite eager to return to his adopted world.
He could accept fairly easily that he had romantic feelings for Tony. It wouldn’t be the first time he’d felt something for another man, after all, and he knew that now, same-sex relationships were accepted as a societal norm. But while he no longer feared legal persecution for his feelings, he feared another form of judgement just as much.
“Is there anything you want to talk about? I’m assuming the sandbag didn’t offend you.”
Steve exhaled a gust of air as a weight he didn’t know he was carrying lifted from his shoulders. “Thanks, Natasha.”
Just then, of course, the Avengers Assemble alarm went off.
Team movie nights were always a fairly intimate event - after the number of times they’d all saved each other, or seen each other naked (though she wasn’t sure Bruce had recovered from the trauma of the time he’d caught Clint and Natasha ‘cooking’ in the communal kitchen), no one here was opposed to a little bit of cuddling. Thor was laid out along the chaise end of the sofa, Natasha’s feet in his lap and her head resting against Clint’s shoulders. Bruce was sprawled on the floor in front of them, his back against Clint’s calves. Tony was curled up in a chair next to Thor, their feet intertwining on the end of the couch, and Steve was next to Bruce, his feet resting on the doctor’s stomach.
(See the end of the chapter for
I'M SORRY I wish I could tell you that these two beautiful idiots are going to get their heads out of their asses soon but it will get worse before it gets better.
Natasha laughed. “So you are. Again, when are you going to tell him?”
“Who ever said Captain America would have a hard time adjusting to the twenty-first century?” Tony joked. Steve placed the toy on the ground and it zoomed off, Dum-E chasing after it.
Beep.
I LIVE
There was an affirmative grunt from the demigod, who was currently trying to wrestle the second T-rex to the ground.
Eight hours, and he still didn’t know if Tony would live through the night.
Steve Rogers had never run from a fight in his goddamn life, and he intended to maintain that record.
Tony brought the visor down, bringing up his repulsors as he did. “What the hell just happened?”
Which is how she and Clint now found themselves sitting on the kitchen floor at two in the morning, helping Tony and Steve vomit into trash cans and giving them water.
“Wouldn’t be the first time,” Tony said cheekily. He jumped to his feet, wavering slightly, and clapped Steve on the shoulder. “Thanks for the concern, Capsicle.”
Steve checked his watch. “It’s almost five in the afternoon.”
Grinning, Tony swiped the unlock button and pulled up his messages.
There was silence from the man next to him, and Steve glanced up worriedly. To his surprise, he saw the inventor smiling fondly down at him and the bot, his eyes suspiciously misty.
“If you two are signing insults again I’m going to learn ASL just so I can insult you right back,” Tony piped up from his blanket nest.
“Indeed not,” Thor told him solemnly, a twinkle in his eye. “Food is one of the only things I am always serious about, Master Barton.”
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, images of dinosaurs and mysterious devices and A.I.M agents coming to mind. “Ah.”
Clint snorted behind him, and he followed the nurse down the hall, turning a couple of corners before the nurse stopped in front of a set of glass doors. “Right through there, Captain. Third to last bed on the left.”
He hadn’t had any delusions, back when Erskine had offered him the serum, of what he would become if the experiment worked. He was a soldier, yes, and a man, but before that, he was Captain America - an icon and a symbol, whether he wanted it or not.
Steve took a shuddering breath and focused a half-hearted smile on the woman in front of him.
Tony couldn't help the snort of laughter that bubbled up from his chest. It must have been a thing about writing texts (or full on letters, in Steve's case), because he knew for a fact that Cap didn't bother to talk like he was in the 40s during regular conversation. He shot off a quick reply, and allowed himself a moment of triumphant victory. That night, he slept soundly for the first time in months.
“One of our junior agents got too close trying to get radiation readings,” Fury’s voice crackled to life over the earpiece. “They didn’t like that.”
Natasha was just about ready to give up. Thor had sprained Tony’s wrist, Bruce had nearly given them acid burns, Clint had knocked out Captain America, and she’d nearly poisoned two of the six Avengers. Stubborn Asses: 4, Team Matchmaking: 0.
“If I may interject, Sir,” Jarvis said suddenly from the ceiling. “Your vitals indicate that you are in extreme emotional distress. Might I suggest notifying one of the other Avengers?”
Steve startled at Natasha’s voice next to him. He glanced down to see her smiling softly at him, and wondered when exactly she had moved from her spot on the couch. He decided he didn’t want to know the answer - certain mysteries surrounding the so called “Super-Spy twins” were better left unsolved.
He’d be lying if he said he was disappointed to see Pepper the next time he woke up, but a small, niggling part of him wished it was Steve’s perfectly coiffed blonde locks in the chair next to his bed.
Several hours and three smashed Wii controllers later, the Avengers had settled in for a movie and beer, Rocky II playing in the background while most of them slumbered, piled together on the couch. Steve leaned in the doorway to the kitchen, watching contentedly from afar as Tony drooled onto Bruce’s shoulder.
“Friends,” Thor greeted them. “To what do I owe the pleasure of our meeting this fine morning?”
“Someone should call Pepper,” he croaked out hoarsely. He wondered vaguely when he’d lost his voice. Probably screaming Tony’s name over and over, begging him to wake up. The Avengers PR team was going to kill him when footage of him sobbing over Tony’s prone body - which he had no doubt existed - made its way to the twenty-four hour news cycle. “And Colonel Rhodes.”
The four of them were sitting despondently around the kitchen table, picking at a bowl of popcorn and half-heartedly tossing out new ideas.
Natasha was surrounded by idiots. Completely incompetent, dangerous idiots. Even her birdbrain had outdone himself in idiocy this time.
Dum-E beeped inquisitively at his shoulder, and Steve smiled at the bot. “Hey bud. Steve’s not quite in the mood to play right now.”
Tony raised his hands to fire repulsors at the man, focused solely on the threat in front of him. So focused, in fact, that he didn’t see the second A.I.M. agent behind him. So focused, he didn’t feel the blast until it hit him squarely in the back, pain burning and flaring, sending him tumbling over the edge of the roof.
The hardest part of her plan was actually convincing the two of them to start drinking. Tony had significantly reduced his ingestion of the substance over the last six months, and Steve was generally too upstanding to consider getting drunk.That being said, Natasha was a master at the art of manipulation, and after a few shakes of a bottle of black market Russian vodka - the kind of stuff that could strip lead paint - she’d gotten the two of them drinking it down like it was water.
Tony sucked in a shuddering breath, and plastered on a dazzling grin so plastic, Steve was surprised that one of those little “Made In China” labels didn’t pop up on his chin. “Howdy Cap. It’s a little late for a midnight snack.”
“You’re such a dad,” Tony grumbled, and Steve’s face flushed a delectable pink.
-XO, Obsidian
Also I am in camp "Clint Barton is deaf but still badass."
Tony shrugged, feeling unusually untalkative. “Lunch, mostly.”
“Anytime, Cap.”
“Clint got hit, badly. Shots to the shoulder and the thigh - just barely missed the femoral artery, that one,” Nat continued. “I should have stayed, but I didn’t. I ran, and I left him there by himself, bleeding out in the dirt.”
“You would have done the same thing!”
Rhodey nodded in agreement. “I’ll look into some channels, see if I can figure out who AIM’s partner is. You’ll keep me updated on Tony’s condition?”
“Right,” Tony nodded swiftly. “The one thing I don’t understand is how the idiots at A.I.M. came up with this. It’s a little above their pay grade.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “End of the world, yada yada, we’ve heard it all before. Do any of you idiots have any original monologues?”
She flashed him an evil grin.
“Tony.”
“I’m sure you’d find a way to manage,” she said wryly, standing up to go. “I have to get back to the office. You’d think given how infrequently you’re in the office nowadays, people wouldn’t lose their minds every time you’re in the hospital.” She gave him one last once-over. “Will that be all, Mr. Stark?”
Steve doubled over, hands on his knees, swearing under his breath.
“And A.I.M?” he asked. “Any idea what they were referring to when they said they were working with a collaborator?”
Genius Billionaire:
Tony and Clint went into the living room, setting up shop on the couch. Natasha trailed in after them, curling herself up into Clint’s side and stealing a piece of bacon from Tony’s plate. The genius hissed at  her, and she rolled her eyes.
The room was definitely spinning at a pretty steady rate at this point. “I can’t -”
“Hey, hey Pep,” he said, trying to stave off the waterworks. “I’m alright, I promise.”
“You know it,” Tony grumbled.
Now, he wasn’t so sure. If he represented American freedom, which kind of freedom was he supposed to represent? He believed that every person had the right to be with the person they loved, but he couldn’t, as a Catholic, ask others to deny the beliefs of their faith. The divide this time was internal, and he felt it as acutely as every blow he’d taken during the war.
“Tony!” Steve shouted, running out from his hiding spot to lean over the other man. Tony blinked up in confusion at him, and almost blurted out a quip about being rescued by an angel. Luckily, his mind snapped back to awareness just in time, and he managed to keep quiet.
She sighed, clearly restraining the ever present desire to brain him with one of her designer heels. “The meeting ended ten minutes ago, Tony. You’ve been sitting here staring into space, not responding to anything. I thought you promised you would sleep more.”
Bruce Banner knew that he was smarter than almost anyone he had ever encountered, Tony excluded. He saw things other people didn't, threads in the world that he could examine, unravel, if only he didn't know what happened when the string snapped. And he could see how much Steve and Tony cared about each other, maybe even loved each other.
So yeah, Tony was pretty pleased with himself. And his idea to have the rest of the team move to Aveng - Stark Tower (damn-it, Clint!). And if this was the first time in his living memory that he felt like he had some kind of a family, well.
“Rhodey,” he mumbled. “What did you let me drink?”
“I see the way you look at him,” she said. “It’s the same way I look at Clint sometimes, when he’s not being a birdbrain.”
“On it,” Fury grunted.
Clint pointed his spatula at Bruce. “Now that is a bet I am willing to take.”
Thor frowned, looking confused. “Are the Man of Iron and our valiant Captain not yet courting? Their behavior has led me to believe that they were already together, merely keeping it to themselves.”
“Afternoon, Tony,” he said, smiling so brightly that Tony forgot his own name for a second. “How do you like your eggs?”
“The goo is some kind of bio-renewable polymer,” Bruce’s voice (still calm, thank goodness) came over the line. “You’re going to have to incinerate the creatures, not just melt them. As long as there are living cells, they’ll regenerate.”
“Once more into the fray,” Tony quipped, leaping forward into action.
Steve fills out mission reports, gets a history lesson, and makes a decision.
“Thor!” Tony called. “Remember that scene from the fourth Harry Potter movie between Harry and Voldemort?”
Clint didn’t want to say that he was the cleverest man he knew, but he kind of was.
I shall make it up to you! Have a chapter with fluff, and look out for more coming soon!
Tony clapped him on the back. “To the mat, my friend.”
order if you please.”
“Slower, младенец-лев,” Natasha admonished, taking the cup from his shaking hand and gently massaging his chest until the wheezing stopped.
Thor shook his head. “As worthy of an opponent as I am sure Happy is, it would do you well to work with someone who has trained since birth to fight.”
He closed his eyes, and Tony’s still face morphed into Bucky’s horrified look as he fell from the train, which morphed into the fierce, heartbroken face of Peggy Carter as they kissed for the first and last time.
Tony’s smile was nearly feral. “Oh, we just figured since all of our teammates tried to kill us within the span of a week, we’d plan a little revenge. I would sleep with one eye open for the next couple of days if I were any of you.” He filled his mug with coffee and gestured to Steve, who shrugged at the rest of his teammates, but looked utterly unapologetic. They headed out of the room, laughing with their heads bent together. Steve slyly placed a hand on the small of Tony's back as they left.
And that was the other part of the problem - Steve was about as ramrod straight as a flagpole, and twice as virtuous as the American flag. Tony knew that he accepted new societal norms fairly easily, and he’d barely batted an eye when Tony told him he was bisexual. But Steve didn’t seem to be the kind of person to swing his way, even if Tony wasn’t already a notorious playboy.
Steve grinned at him. “Thanks, Bruce.”
She smirked. “Figured it out, have you?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Warning: Steve deals with angsty internalized homophobia this chapter.
Hello friends, I bring you another chapter on this wonderful Wednesday! My mom was up this weekend to visit so it took a bit longer.
The Avengers worry, Rhodes is pissed, and several nurses have earned themselves some serious vacation time for managing six superheroes.
I'm baaaaacckkk! Did you expect me back two days after my last update? I didn't! Gotta love procrastinating on all of my real life adult responsibilities (yes, finals, I see you).
“Not yet,” Steve said. “Natasha, Clint, get some of those flares Tony designed and start setting up a perimeter. Smallest radius we can get it.”
This particular day was low key even compared to some of their more mellow moments - Tony had woken up late, lounged around in bed until well after noon, then took a luxurious shower and meandered out into the common lounge, looking for his friends.
Steve huffed out a laugh. “No, I just….”
“What?” Steve plucks the device from Tony’s hand. Sure enough, it is blinking at him with two little LED eyes, tiny wheels he’d put in at Dum-E’s insistence revving as it tried to move.
Tony nodded, letting out an involuntary hiss as the pain in his head spiked. Clint got to his feet, his spine popping. “I’ll find a nurse, see if I can get you some more pain meds.”
A few hours in, Thor and Bruce joined them, Bruce in a new set of clothes and both bearing gifts of coffee and donuts. Steve drank the coffee just for something to do with his hands, but ignored the food - his stomach felt leaden and heavy in the bottom of his abdomen.
“Capsicle.”
“Let’s do it, science bro,” Tony said. Carefully, they poured the chemicals into the beaker Steve was holding. If this worked….
But he's got work to do, so he'll be fine, right? Right.
Bruce frowned. “Collaboration? With who?”
“I remembered something that he’d said to me when we first met.” Natasha’s eyes were a million miles away. “Three in the morning in a back alley in Moscow, and one of the first things he said to me was ‘it’s okay for fear to be a part of your story, so long as it doesn’t hold the pen’.”
He started off with Bruce, as he figured that the big guy would be the easiest of his teammates to persuade - and if he wasn't, then at least he'd be the gentlest in letting Tony down.
Busy plotting, Thor moved too quickly, catching the smaller man by surprise and sending him to the ground. Tony cried out as he landed hard on his wrist, immediately curling in around the offending limb.
_______
After the Battle of New York, the Avengers found themselves drifting apart - Thor had, of course, taken Loki back to Asgard to face judgement; Steve returned to Washington D.C. and his punching bags; Natasha and Clint vanished practically off the face of the earth, presumably to lick their wounds together, and Bruce returned to India to continue his work. Tony, however, found himself left behind with a smoldering tower, a very distraught soon-to-be ex-girlfriend, and more PTSD than he was really willing to admit.
Hanging a sandbag and wrapping his hands steadied his stomach somewhat, but he still felt cold and guilt ridden as he began his usual routine. As his muscle memory took over, he allowed his brain to drift to the one subject that had consumed it entirely since his conversation with Natasha - Tony.
The eyebrow reached its zenith, and Steve started to sweat.
“That was only relevant when you were a consultant, Tony,” Steve said. “Now that you’re a full-time Avenger, you get paid the same as the rest of us.”
----------------
As he came round the back of the device, three distinct letters came into view, and he swore.
Tony, who was wrapped up in a sweatshirt and had planned on going to the lab and not leaving until one of his disapproving teammates dragged him out, blinked owlishly. “Uh, I can hold my own. I box with Happy sometimes.”
“Tony,” he said again, gentler, placing a hand lightly on the older man’s shoulder. Tony jumped, eyes wild, whipping his head around until he found the source of the sudden touch.
One delicately arched eyebrow lifted slightly.
Steve drew in a breath. “No, thank you Jarvis, that’s okay.”
“Still processing, Sir,” Jarvis responded. “Estimated time of triangulation, 47 seconds.”
Steve sagged, exhausted. He knew, objectively, that what Bruce was saying made sense. But before he was the Hulk, he was just a scientist.
“Good,” she said. “He promised me he would.”
Dum-E trilled happily, waving his claw up and down. Tony smiled back at him, then reached for the small device. “Alright, let’s see what you’ve made here.”
He glanced back over at Tony - the way that his hair, just a shade too long and in need of a trim, fell into his eyes. How when he was asleep, the lines of worry and sadness just melted away, leaving him looking years younger.
Beep.
Once he was appropriately washed up, feeling a little calmer, he made his way back out to the waiting room. Natasha was still sitting where he left her, Clint now next to her with an arm around her shoulder, tapping out words on her thigh with his index finger in a rhythm that Steve recognized as Morse code. Her hand was clasped around the back of his neck, and Steve’s heart ached, seeing the familiar touch.
Tony was incredibly grateful for the helmet in that moment, for shielding the blush that crept up his cheeks at the compliment. “Can do, Winghead. Now get back.”
Steve shifted, looking pained under the cowl. “Right now they’re not really doing anything. We evacuated civilians for the next couple of blocks, but all they’ve done so far is lick a couple of lightposts and turn over some garbage cans.”
------
Steve nodded. “Thanks, Clint.”
Tony groaned. He could only hope that they didn’t decide to team up for their post Tony-did-something-stupid lecture. He could only take one pair of disappointed puppy eyes at a time without breaking out into hives.
Yeah so not 100% happy with this chapter BUT AT LEAST IT'S SOMETHING
“Triangulation complete, Sir,” Jarvis said, flashing a location up on the visor screen.
“A wannabe bad guy,” Tony replied, specifically not mentioning the very large and very dangerous gun pointed right at him. “Probably sent to babysit this thing.”
It became a frequent occurrence after that for Steve to spend time down in the workshop. Most often, he’d bring his sketch pad and doodle whatever happened to catch his fancy while Tony tinkered and rambled on about his work. After Steve revealed his list of things to learn about the time he’d missed, Tony would select different albums from different decades to listen to, providing backstory about the bands or artists and the history of the era. A couple of times, Steve even managed to drag Tony away from his work to share lunch together, and they’d gossip about whatever fake story People! was running about the Avengers that week.
“Steve.” Snapping fingers in front of his face caught his attention, and his eyes were drawn back to the man in front of him.
Tony veered sharply, speeding past several blocks of confused dinosaurs and landing heavily on a nearby rooftop. Sure enough, there was a small, unassuming device in the center of the roof, beeping steadily and sending wild readings through his data analysis programs.
“Indeed Sir. Any classified information would not be so easily accessible. Although I am afraid the contents of that particular document are rather boring.”
“Tony?” A voice interrupts his insistent commands, breaking through the incessant beeping. “Tony, can you hear me?”
Tony nodded. “Cap, I’ve got the source of the portal. Headed there now to shut them down and get the portal frequency for Richards.”
His hand drifting down to his side, Tony was able to feel where the doctors had inserted the chest tube. Brushing his fingers over the foreign entity sparked pain up his sternum, and he sucked in a harsh breath.
“Of course Sir. I have notified the other Avengers and they are congregating in the lounge.”
So, not only had Tony gone and made the mistake of falling in love, he’d managed to fall in love with the most unattainable person in the world. Sometimes, he questioned the validity of his genius status.
“It’s an interesting piece of tech,” Tony mused, skimming the data readouts Jarvis was sending him. “If I could tweak the range of frequency….”
Steve nodded, a sudden confidence welling up in his chest. He could do this. He was going to tell Tony that he was the love of his life.
“Someday you really will have to tell us about that,” Bruce commented. Natasha shook her head, willing to admit defeat.
Steve swallowed around the sudden lump in his throat.
“Mmmphhf,” Tony replied eloquently, hesitant to open his eyes to what he was sure would be the full, blinding force of the overhead lights in the workshop. Jarvis wasn’t exactly subtle about his disapproval of Tony’s binge drinking episodes, and did his best to punish his poor creator for them.
Then, the creatures got smart. They retreated, circling up to create a perimeter of defense. Any time Tony, Steve, or Natasha tried to get close, they almost lost an arm. And all of a sudden, the puddles of melted goo started quivering ominously.
Steve could only watch helplessly as Tony was blasted off of the roof, unable to stop him as he fell six stories, plummeting through the air. Unable to do anything as Tony crashed into the street, unmoving, the reactor dark and silent.
Tony shook the ringing out of his ears. “Dandy, Cap. How’s the gelatinous dessert looking?”
“Bruce is with Richards,” Clint said, “trying to figure out how that thing that A.I.M built brought Jurassic Park to New York.”
He’d miscalculated epically. And he wasn’t exactly used to being this wrong.
Steve nodded, swooping in to help Natasha fend off one of the creatures, then grabbing her around the waist and tossing her up and over the crowd of goblins. She landed gracefully on the awning of a cafe, aiming her Widow’s bites at their feet, keeping them corralled. Steve grasped Tony’s arm briefly, eyes shining on Tony’s screen.
Creeping silently through the vents, Clint positioned himself above Steve’s bowed head, nocking the rubber heart-shaped arrow (courtesy of Bruce, who’d thrown himself with almost single-minded intensity into this challenge after he’d nearly burned Steve and Tony’s skin off). He aimed it at the back of Steve’s head, and fired.
He blacked out before he reached the ground.
Chapter title comes from lyrics from "Hear Your Heart", a beautiful song by James Bay!
Captain Capsicle:
Natasha rolled her eyes.
Steve flushed. “Erm, right.”
She nodded. “In every way that counts, at least. I used to think love was for children, you know. A fantasy that we told them to help them fall asleep at night.”
Tony offered him a hand, hauling Steve to his feet. Steve pointedly did not notice the feel of Tony’s warm, calloused hand in his, or the flex of his bicep as he pulled the heavier man up.
“I can’t believe how impossible this is,” Clint moaned. “This may even be harder than Budapest.”
“It is four-thirty in the morning, Sir, on Tuesday, March the twenty-third,” Jarvis added helpfully, so quickly that Steve immediately knew that it wasn’t the first time that the AI had had to remind his creator of where he was.
“So,” he said, more to distract himself than anything else, “what exactly is so important that it’s kept you from eating for over a day?”
Bruce looked at him curiously.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’d say you’re at a little bit below that time you decided to use the suit as an electrical trigger for an IED and nearly got yourself electrocuted,” Clint said helpfully. “Pepper’s pretty pissed that you went in without backup again. Steve too.”
“What are you doing?”
Even though he knew that this had happened years before, and that Clint was safe at home in the Tower, Steve felt his anxiety spike. “What happened?”
Steve had never found himself having to re-evaluate a person more thoroughly in his entire life. The Tony Stark that he had first met in Germany was loud and obnoxious, cocky, narcissistic and even downright rude. The Tony Stark that he had come to know in New York was brave and smart, and too sassy for his own good. The Tony Stark that he saw in the tower, though, was something completely different.
“A tiger,” Tony responded. “A very territorial tiger when it comes to my bacon.”
“I wouldn’t dare,” Steve said wryly.
The smile vanished off of Rhodes’ face. “What?”
Natasha shook her head. “They definitely aren't. I talked to Steve about it briefly, but he didn't seem in all that big of a hurry to tell Tony how he feels. And if he doesn’t, Tony definitely never will.”
The way that Tony’s entire face lit up with a rare smile whenever Steve made progress on some kind of new technology, or the way his back rippled with lean muscle every time he reached for a wrench or a screwdriver had absolutely nothing to do with it.
Bruce nodded in understanding. “You want to feel validated. I wanted that too. Tony taking me in, making me feel like less of a monster, that helped. But not everyone is going to react that way. If I wait around for every single person on Earth to accept me for who I am, I’d never find peace.”
Captain Capsicle:
He could practically hear Steve’s eye roll in his response. “Tony, my shield is your tech. Your suit is your tech. Every single one of us has your tech. I don’t exactly have a choice as to whether or not I use it in battle. It’d be wasteful if I didn’t.”
“Four different tactics. Four different failures.” She put her head in her hands. “This may actually be the one mission I can’t complete.”
Tony eyed the griddle. “Not a big fan of eggs, to be honest. But I’ll take some pancakes and bacon,” he added hastily, as Steve’s face started to fall.
She reached across the desk and put a hand over his. “Look, I know that you have suffered and lost more than most could bear. I know that you’ve given yourself a million reasons why this is a bad idea. But do you really want your story to be written by fear? Or do you want to choose the path of your own happiness?”
Clint fist pumped the air. “Yes, we’re going to watch right now!”
He had stayed at the hospital through the night, exhaustion creeping in at the edge of his senses as the knowledge that Tony was going to be okay started to sink in. In the early hours of the morning, a nurse had come out and said that one of them could go back and sit with Tony for a few minutes. Steve had slowly staggered to his feet, but before he could so much as move in the direction of the hallway, Rhodes was halfway there, following the nurse. An aching emptiness slithered down his throat, and before he knew it, Steve was walking out of the hospital, ignoring the calls of his confused teammates. He kept walking without much awareness, bumping into early morning joggers and jaywalking more than a couple of times. When he came back to himself, he was standing in the lobby of S.H.I.E.L.D, with a very concerned Darcy Lewis - official Strategic Interventions intern and unofficial Thor wrangler - trying to get his attention.
Steve's ready for some honest conversations.
He smiled up at her. “Aw, Pep. Tears for your idiot boss?”
“Ready, Tony?” he asked.
Why did I write this chapter? Honestly, I don't know. I've been having a shitty week and needed to write some bumbling, adorable idiots. Also the other Avengers deserved a shoutout. So, here is 3K words of honestly I don't even know what.
Aside from the initial and terrifying oh my God I’m in love, run from the idea of commitment reaction, this posed a unique set of dilemmas that he had yet to solve. Steve was his best friend, and he was inarguably Steve’s best friend, in this century at least. Tony was the person Steve came to when he had a question about technology, or culture, or one of Clint’s obscure (and usually inappropriate) references. Steve had been the only person, aside from Pepper, to see Tony in the throes of a panic attack, and talk him through the crying and screaming without judgement. Tony was the person Steve opened up to, who he talked to about the Howling Commandos, Bucky, and…. Peggy.
Steve sat down heavily, and took Tony’s cold hand in his, tracing over the silvery scars that years of working with his hands had left on the engineer. His eyes tracked the way Tony’s impossibly long eyelashes fluttered against his skin, thin lines of ink against the soft vellum of his cheek. Reaching out to swipe a thumb along his jaw, Steve noted that there were bags under his eyes again, and the stubble on his chin was at least three days old. He’d been spending too much time in the lab again.
He hadn’t even realized Tony was listening to his complaint - at the time, he’d been several hours deep into an argument with Bruce over some obscure point of quantum physics. But clearly the genius had heard, and was trying to get the shield back for him.
"Yeah, it makes sense for us to stick together in case there's another attack, and I could use the air-conditioning anyways. I'll call Agent Hill and see if she can get me a QuinJet back to the States."
“We hope you’re okay wherever you are.” Steve added. “Nat, where is Tony?”
“It was okay. I made a friend called Ned and I played with a robot. It was broken so I fixed it like Daddy had taught me to, can I show him it when he comes home” He asked with such excitement in his voice.
What? What where they bidding on? The awful realisation dawned on her, forcing her to crumple and fall to the floor in her misery. Her. They were bidding on her. Again, Bucky’s cold arm dragged her back up to her feet, and the bid continued.
"Pete, if I don't see you again... I love you"
“Maths” He answered, barely looking up from the piece of paper. He could go for hours when he got into the swing of the equations, and was often late for dinner due to getting so wrapped up in his studies.
But they felt betrayed, and it was obvious. Their daughter had been turned into a weapon, and now she was powerful, and about to face a power mad alien.
“Remember how your Daddy had to go away for a little while for work?” Both children nodded their heard. They were both incredibly observant, which Steve had noticed. “Well something went wrong so Daddy might be gone a little longer than we thought. We don’t know when he will be coming home but he will be, so don’t worry.” Even Steve couldn’t fool himself with his act. Tony had been hit by a missile from his own company, and was shown unconscious in a ransom video, which Steve had watched and wept over. He just didn’t know how to break it to his two children, his world, standing before him. “I’ll tell Nat the truth” he thought to himself. For a 7 year old, she understood a lot, and could process large amounts of information. “She can cope.”
“Whose there?” Peter said defensively, instinctively reaching towards his web shooters.
“Pete, what did he show you?” Bucky said.
“Yeah go on then”
At this, Steve knew he had to step in. He pulled the boys off his son with little force, not caring if they got hurt, and bent down to his son, ready to pick him up like he had done when he was little, but Peter pushed him off and stood up, slightly bent over and blood dripping from his nose.
“Starting bid at $4,000.” An unfamiliar voice shouted.
Peter began to panic. Like, really panic. Why was he on the ceiling?! “Nat, NAT! NAT! Help! What’s happening to me?”
He felt a jolt of pain running down his back from the sizeable lump on the back of his neck, and had to stop his campaign towards the robot, falling to the floor. A robot advanced behind him, and Peter instinctively jumped, avoiding the onslaught of lazers.
“How long Pete?”
“Banner please, please just help me and calm down” But her pleas were interrupted by a giant roar. She was in danger, and she was scared. More scared than she had ever been. Turning her attention towards the pipe on her leg, she managed to lift it up slightly, enough for her to get her leg out. The pain was unreal. It was definitely broken, as she could see the slight protrusion the bone had made under her skin. But she couldn’t focus on that right now. Using her training, she quickly reset her leg, biting on her hand to distract from the searing pain. But by now that was no longer her main priority, he had fully turned and was coming towards her aggressively.
“Hey hey, Natasha spent weeks learning that dance! I even paid for dance lessons!”
Natasha and Bruce walked into the room where they had been directed. As soon as she stepped foot in the door, she knew she was in for a lecture.
“Dad leave it.” Peter said weakly. “Just, leave it okay.” Pulling Steve through the doors of the school.
“Peter, listen to me. I’m not going to be mad if you just tell the truth.”
“It’s okay kid. It’s over.” Bucky said in his ear.
Hey guys! This isn't my best chapter but I wanted to get one out before one of the most hectic weeks ever! I hope you enjoy and please leave any comments of any storylines you can think of and I'll try and include them in this piece!
Woop! 1000 hits! Thanks to everyone who gave up their time to read my little story - it means a lot! As always like and comment any ideas for the future!
“What’s a big mood?”
Natasha shot Tony a death stare. “Dad. Why is spiderman here?” She whispered over the comms, placing extra stress on the word “Spiderman.”
“The group I met – The Guardians of the Galaxy, and a man called Dr Strange” Tony replied croakily
“I should have put my pride aside. I should have come back.” Steve declared between sobs. “Who else did you lose Tony?” Steve asked softly, not wanting to overstep.
“That you’re wrong, and you think you’re right, and that makes you dangerous.”
“Okay, filming in three, two, one…”
She tried to move, but her small leg was trapped under a large metal pipe. It hurt. It hurt like hell and she tried her hardest not to scream or cry. The last thing she needed was for her parents to start stressing about her.
“I’m just going to say hi to Nat…” Steve said, as he practically ran up the stairs with Tony and Peter in close persuit.
“Eh, okay then. But I’m not cooking again. If you’re gonna have people round please let us just order takeout. “FRIDAY, notify the gang.” He got no response, and was about to question it when Steve pressed his lips against his.
“I need you to hide/destroy all of Dad’s emergency alcohol. He can’t go down the same spiral as before, he won’t get out of it this time. Okay you got that? Peter, I need you to look after him now. You have to be the big strong one now. Can you do that?"
Natasha and the avengers team up to fight Loki, but someone makes a surprise appearance.
"You're so grounded"
It had been about 11 months since the day Steve had marched Peter into school, and its true school life had got easier, but home life was hard. Steve still didn’t know about him being Spiderman, and that weighed on his conscience, but he didn’t want to tell him. He knew he would stop him from going on patrol. Even that had become less frequent, as after the school incident, Tony had stopped him from patrolling every night.
“You looked so handsome, when I first saw you in your suit I thought I was going to faint.” Tony said, snuggling to Steve. “What would I have done without you eh?”
“Yeah kid, what else did he say?”
Thank you to those who stuck out this story! I'm very proud of some of it, but some of it I don't really like, but hey it's a whole story at least! I hope you've enjoyed it and I'm starting to work on a few new stories so if you want you can go check them out!
“I’m sorry…” She trailed off, as her world faded to black, but just before she slipped out of consciousness, Thor came crashing into the room, sending the Hulk flying backwards, forcing him to transform back into Bruce as he came tumbling down. Natasha held her arms out towards Thor, as he picked her up in one of his strong arms, circling his hammer so they flew out of the wrecked room, and into her father’s arms.
"Tony!" Steve practically screams as the small toddler in front of him wriggled and squirmed away from his grasp, eventually succeeding, but being pulled back by huge arms belonging to Captain America.
“Thanks Nat!” Peter said. Algebra was usually only for the older kids, but it was clear Peter was going to be a genius like his sister, and they had moved him to a different school, one which focused on science and maths, Peter’s favourite subjects.
“Peter go ahead. I’ll be right there.” Steve said calmly, a thin veil covering the anger.
“Oh Cap, she’s so tiny!” Tony Stark said over the shoulder of his husband, as he looked down at their new born daughter.
At this, Natasha’s mouth dropped open, as she shot a pleading look at Peter. She was pushed into a different room, and forced to stand upon a platform, unable to see anything other than the bright lights shining on her face, a stark contrast to the darkness she and Peter had been submerged in for the last few hours.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay okay! I’m going!” Tony chuckled, leaving his room but stealing a last glance at his son. His son. His whole life he has wanted a son, and finally he’s got one. And he lives up to all the fantasies.
Ned: No Peter it hasn’t come out yet
“Yes.” Steve said, after a lengthy pause.
“Ah wow that’s better.
MJ: Wimp
“Look Tony, our wedding day…”
“Are you kidding? I’m working!” She replied, the annoyance clear in her voice
“Nat FRIDAY called us, said something was wrong” Steve said, as he quickly checked Natasha over and scanned the room for any threats. “Where is Pete?”
It had been a long fight. The Chitari were hard to beat and even with the Hulk, who, even after apologising several times, Tony and Steve didn’t trust. And that’s when they saw it. The Nuke headed straight for New York with the intent of limiting the damage to the city, and destroying everything in it, alien or not. Suddenly like a bolt of lighting, rockets shot across the sky, and the nuke changed its course.
“How did we get here?” Tony thought to himself, as he wrapped a protective arm around Natasha, pulling her closer to him as if to shield her from what was about to happen.
Shuri dragged Natasha towards the palace, passing both Steve and T’Challa on the way.
“Where is he now?” Steve could tell from Tony’s broken expression the answer, but he still needed to hear it. Tony held up a small container, but didn’t open it.
Natasha reached out and placed a soft hand on the baby’s head, and after a moment of deliberation, brought it down with as much force as she could muster, smacking the baby on the arm, causing him to wake up screaming. Natasha smiled to herself, but was quickly pulled aside by Steve, who tutted disapprovingly at her.
“I’m sorry.” With that, Peter completely turned to dust, covering Tony’s hands. Tony held his hands to his mouth, trying to hold back the tears but failing.
It was almost as if time flew by on the bus, and before Peter even knew it, he was being greeted at the door by a leaving Vision and Wanda. “You guys going out?” He asked wide eyed. He didn’t feel so good, but he ignored that, sad that he couldn’t have a night in with the Avengers.
Okay so I'm not entirely sure what this chapter was doing in terms of plot but I wanted to add a bit more of the Natasha/Peter dynamic! I can't upload much for a couple of days, but I'll make up for it I promise!
(See the end of the chapter for
Ned: That makes so much sense. Why else would there be a big bodyguard type man always hanging around school following Peter unless he was a paedophile. Pete you do know him right?
“Let’s see what you can do!”
Suddenly everything went black, and he felt a hand push on his mouth. It was cold, cool and strong. He panicked, kicking and screaming, punching and biting, he should have been safe. Who was in his house? Who was holding him? Why did he smell familiar?
“We are so lucky” Steve said, as he played with Tony’s hair. “But I am the luckiest, because I have two amazing, talented kids, but I also have you.”
“Sure thing boss. He’s on the corner of 27th avenue.”
“Nah it’s okay. We’re just going to Oscorp to look at the science labs and stuff. I think it’s gonna be boring cus our labs are the best!” He shouted enthusiastically, swinging around the banister and running back into his room.
“Language!” Steve shouted up towards his husband. “Tony you said you would come help me sort this stuff out! Don’t you dare hide in your lab again!”
The fight resumed between Steve and Tony, as Bucky was still lying on the floor, breathing but motionless. The fighting was raw and intense, all emotion and rage, and both Steve and Tony couldn’t believe how long they had been fighting for. However, it started to draw to a close with both Steve and Bucky down, with Tony hovering over them victorious.
“Pete. What are you doing?” He stopped fighting and headed towards Peter.
The panic was clear in Tony’s eyes, his pupils dilating and his mouth falling open. “But I’m okay! Really I am. Actually, you could argue that I’m better than I was before!” Peter began to explain what had happened to him over the last few days, the changes he had found, and finally, his plan for the use of his powers. “And now I have powers maybe I could join the Avengers too with you, Pops and Nat! Look I designed this web fluid at school today and I really, really, really, really want to join! Pleaseeeeeeee” He finished. God he hoped it had been enough time for Natasha to finish whatever she was doing.
Peter internally cringed as he thought back to his most recent interview. The lip sync battle where he dressed in drag and danced to Rhianna. He loved it. He and Natasha were always very competitive, and now he was able to bring the competition head to head, on Live TV. As always though, he didn’t think of the consequences, and the teasing that would ensue after the dance.
Steve and Tony look through old memories of their family, remembering just how lucky and blessed they are.
“Dad, what can I do? How can I help you?” Peter ran to his father’s side, glancing back at the tunnel Natasha had exited.
“Yeass” Came the reply from the young girl. Though she was very good at talking, and had started at a very young age, she still struggled when excited, which her Dad’s found incredibly adorable, as if they needed another reason to love her even more. She had all the avengers wrapped around her little finger, they would do anything for her, and even her smile made most of them fall apart. Even Thor, though he tried hard to keep up the masculine image, almost melted when she crawled up onto his lap, showing him her new toys which he willingly played with great enthusiasm, making sure she stayed with him, as he clearly liked the affection she showed him. Though the Avengers were close, Natasha made them a family, and both Tony and Steve knew that any of them would lay down their life for her which reassured them greatly.
“Did, did she just smile?” Tony asked. “She is like, what an hour old? How is she smiling already?"
“Maybe it worked on you.”
“Peter?” A voice whispered in the darkness.
“Because I said so!” Came the loud reply. “Can’t you just be a friendly, neighbourhood spiderman?” That’s all Tony wanted. He wanted Peter safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I felt something, when I was at Oscorp, and we were looking at the spiders, and Ned said… Oh my God. Ned said there were only 13.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“On-on Titan.” Tony began, but the story got caught in his throat. “Peter was there with me. On Titan.” Steve and Natasha both lifted their heads, eyes boring into Tony’s tear-stained face. “He got beamed up with the ship, then tried to help by becoming a stowaway. He helped fight Thanos, but- but…”
“Save me, save me” Peter pleaded, his eyes on his father as he fell to the ground, caught only at the last second by Tony. “I don’t wanna go, please, please I don’t wanna go.”
“The scientists must be experimenting on that one. Anyway as I was saying”
“You dicks. Leave my son alone or I swear to god I’ll…” Steve yelled, clearly disregarding the idea of not making a scene.
“So?”
“I-i-i-i-couuuuuuuuuulld have savvvved him.” Tony mumbled, words slurred and hard to distinguish.
“You’ve got the big guy” Came a voice from the phone.
“Dad?” Natasha asked, and Steve instantly turned around, terrified that she too was going to disappear, but she stayed where she was, looking around at her friends and team mates disappearing into dust. She ran towards Wanda, who was hunched over Vision’s lifeless body. As Wanda looked up at Natasha, she too turned to dust, blowing towards Nat on the wind.
“Stark, Cap, we have a location”
Hope you enjoyed the chapter! The plan next is the last Civil war story, then spiderman homecoming, and then the dreaded INFINITY WAR! If you have any ideas please don't hesitate to comment them/like the story!
“Okay next question – Who has the most different home personality to their superhero one?” Peter held up a photo of Natasha, whilst Natasha held up a photo of Steve.
“No, please, can we stay together, please.” Natasha pleaded, as Bucky grabbed her arm and pulled her away from her brother.
“Did he hurt you?”
Peter: Yeah I am
“No thanks to you.” Tony winced as his hard words, wishing he hadn’t said it as soon as they escaped his lips.
MJ: You’ve said that before, when Thor just happened to show up at our school and give you a high five. That was a strange day
“You’re right. I’m sorry I freaked out – it’s your life, I can’t control it.” Hiding the deep stabbing pain in his gut. He felt like he was giving her away, and as he looked at her, the last few traces of the child she once was fell away and Steve saw before him the mature and blossoming young woman that she had become.
Basically just a stupid little chapter based off some memes I saw on instagram.
“Right… okay. Here do you want some of this?” Tony handed Peter his can of coke, placing his hand on his sons shoulder.
“Take him down now huh? There are people that deal with this kid.” The last thing he wanted was something to happen to Peter because he felt that he had to do the right thing and take down criminals. He was too much like Steve, Tony thought to himself. He couldn’t lose Peter too.
Okay so I didn't know I was going there but I did! I think I'll be skipping the actual rescue as I find scenes like that hard to think up, and so will go straight to their return and the reaction to it. For time referencing by the time of the rescue the children have been at the HYDRA base for a couple of days.
So this was kinda inspired by Tom Holland's Lip sync Battle and what the consequences would be for Peter if he then had to go back to school and what Flash would say to him. Hope you enjoyyyyyy!
“Nat?” Steve said, questioningly, staring at his daughter stood beside Tony, ready to fight against his team.
“I know how you wanted the evening to go, believe me, this is better.” She replied sarcastically. This was an easy job. By slipping the wrong name, she was able to gain all the information she needed, the older man basically performed a monologue revealing all of his secrets to her, as if he thought he was in a film! But she couldn’t deny the thrill of it, of being tipped in her chair on the edge of a drop, the threat of torture, this is what she lived for, the thrill. But then… the phone rang.
Tony started again - “I was meant to keep him safe! He could sense that something was happening, and fell into my arms saying that he didn’t want to go. I told him he was going to be alright but I lied and now he is gone and his last words were I’m Sorry. He blamed it all on himself and felt like he had let me down but I had let him down” This endless stream of words erupting from Tony’s lips carried on for a good 10 minutes, matching the flow of tears down his cheeks. By the end of his recount of events, all the remaining Avengers had joined him and the tears flowed openly down their faces.
“FRIDAY, remind me to disable you tomorrow” Natasha shot back
Without hesitation both Pete and Natasha held up Tony’s mask. “He is always testing stuff on himself and he keeps getting himself into bad situations all the time! I swear we look after him more than he looks after us.” Pete explained.
Panicking, Steve rang Natasha’s phone, but the ringtone could be heard coming from her room. The same went for Peter’s phone. They were teenagers, they never left their phones behind. Starting to really worry, Steve asked FRIDAY of any news reports about their kids, and the results were overwhelming.
“Ask her!” Natasha replied, pointing towards Shuri.
“Don’t worry Mr. Stark. It will.” She assured him, pressing an ungodly amount of buttons causing the machine in front of them to light up like a Christmas tree. The machine whirred and strained, but it was working.
Ughhhhhh I'm not terribly proud of this chapter, I just wanted to upload another chapter before the weekend was up. Hope you enjoy the fluff anyway and please leave any suggestions of story point in the comments!
The final question came rolling in. “Who do you think this new Spiderman is? And is he going to be a new addition to the Avengers?”
“I’m proud of you Pete. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you that before. I love you too much to lose you, you know that right?” Tony looked deep into his son’s eyes and placed one hand on his shoulder. “behind that door are about 50 reporters, so why don’t you put this on, and I’ll introduce the world to the newest avenger.”
“No, no, no, no, please, please!” Peter pleaded, staring up at his father’s face. “Please, you don’t understand I’m nothing without this suit dad.” Tony’s eyes widened at Peter’s address to him. He hadn’t called him dad since the avenger’s fight in Berlin. God it hurt to say how much he missed Peter calling him that.
“Yes. He could have.” Came the stern reply.
“Okay… my god I hope this works” Tony muttered to Shuri under his breath.
“Ugh how are you so good at that? Let’s go back down then” Steve sighed, picking up Natasha and pulling her into his arms and placing a soft kiss on her smooth cheek. She may be nearing two, but he still couldn’t stop loving the fresh baby smell of her head, it made his heart melt every time.
“Pete. Are, are you making your own AI?” Tony asked, his voice catching slightly in his throat.
“TONY!” He yelled as he ran towards his husband, his shield raised high above his head. “YOU GOT THE KIDS INVOLVED. Are you being serious! They could get hurt!” The words started to get harder to come out as Cap slammed his shield into Tony again and again, each one blocked by Tony.
The fight continued, but Tony was weaker. He had lost the urge to fight. So when Bucky pulled him down, he stayed down, assuming that would be the end of it. But Steve raised his shield, aiming it at Tony’s exposed head. Instinctively Tony brought his arms up to block the blow, but Steve brought his shield down on Tony’s arc reactor, and a sudden jolt of pain hit Tony. All three of the men were silent for a moment, before their attention was drawn to the two small figures cowering in the corner, one letting out the muffled sound of a sob. Natasha had her arm around Peter, who was huddled into her side, not looking at the carnage in front of him. Natasha, however, was surveying the scene before her, her mouth open in a silent O.
Sighing, Peter made his way to the office, where he saw both Natasha and his Pops waiting for him. “What is it pops?” He asked in his innocent voice, which broke Steve’s heart because of the news he had to break to his children.
“Okay that’s my cue!” Peter said under his breath, flipping into the scene and shooting a web towards his Pops, stealing his shield.
“I did” Came her reply. “I’m here on behalf of shield”
“You thought right!” Steve whispered as he pulled Peter into a bear hug, yanking him out from under the transport tunnel. “I’m so sorry… did I hurt you?” Hurt and concern filled his eyes.
“Do you think this could wait till later? Pops doesn’t actually know.” This didn’t feel like the right conversation to be having right now, considering Peter was currently fist fighting with the two other superheros.
Fury’s training had paid off, the 11 year old thought as she sat tied up in front of a Russian mob. So much had happened since her Dad was kidnapped. The revelation of the identity of Iron Man, being drafted into the avengers, but most importantly she had met Clint. He was training with her, and he had saved her so many times, it was almost impossible to count. She looked up to him and they looked out for each other, but this was a solo mission, and she needed to finish the job.
Just as Peter entered the toilets, Flash left, panic crossing his face as he looked up at the 6 foot beast that was Captain America.
Neither of the children had seen their parent’s like this before, bloody, sweaty, and in Tony’s case, dying, all because of each other. Natasha had never experienced such anger from Steve, and honestly, it scared her. He strode forward and grabbed her hand so tight she began to squirm with pain due to the sheer force he was applying on her wrist.
“You will have your duties assigned to you. Natasha you will follow Adalwolf, Peter, come with me.”
“Do you want some help with that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ohhhhh yeah its kinda an internet thing. You need to be young to understand” Peter explained, laughing under his breath.
“If you get all this done before dinner then yes we can.” Tony replied, a smile spreading across his face. He loved spending time in the lab with Pete almost as much as Pete did. “For God’s sake Natasha will you turn that down?!” he shouted across the hall, earning no reply from Nat’s room, but a small shout from downstairs.
“Sam! I’ve missed ya buddy.” Steve replied, wrapping an arm around him and holding on for what would normally be seen as too long. Bucky appeared soon after, and after receiving hugs from Natasha and Steve, looked towards Sam.
Woooopp last chapter! As you can tell I didn't really put much effort into this chapter but I felt that it didn't really need a lot of writing because the emotions are very clear and I hope you all have imaginations! Anyway - enjoy!
However, his superhuman hearing was able to pick up the most disturbing noise. The sound of the highest bidder for Natasha claiming his prize. His stomach retched at the sound, but he was restricted by the straps holding down his wrists.
Sorry it's a bit shorter this time but for some reason this was particularly hard to get my ideas out of my head and actually into the story!
“Do whatever you need to do. Get them back.” The last words were more like a threat than a plea, but Tony couldn’t care less.
“Tony!” Steve yelled.
The small dog on Peter’s lap jumped up and eagerly licked his face, earning a round of awws from the audience. He had never been so happy.
“PETER HIDE” Natasha yelled, as she ran down to meet her parents as they entered, determined to cause a distraction. “Hey guys you’re back early. What’s up?”
“Would you like me to inform your parents of this behaviour?” FRIDAY asked, receiving a loud and definite NO! From both of the Rogers-Stark children.
“Say it. Say the words on the card, and he doesn’t get hurt.” A familiar voice spoke. Natasha knew it immediately.
“Hey Dad, can I talk to you for a minute?” Peter asked, sticking his head round the doorframe. Tony nodded his head and patted the seat next to him, which Peter quickly sat in. “Um… I know you saw. You know, me on the ceiling, and I think it’s time I offered an explanation. When I was at Oscorp, I was bitten by a genetically engineered spider”
Hey guys! So I'm quite proud that I've been able to upload nearly everyday! Anyway this chapter is just a bit of fluff because it's cute and easy to write! I wanted to focus a bit more on Peter and so the next chapter will be all him!
“DADDY” She shouted as she ran full sprint towards him, completely unaware of the news cameras and reporters she had just revealed her identity to. “I thought you were dead.” She said bluntly. “Don’t ever, EVER do that again. I love you too much daddy"
“Care to enlighten me on why Peter was on the ceiling?” He said softly into her hair.
“Okay great. We can talk about this later.” The expressions on Steve and Tony’s faces made it clear some form of explanation was needed right now. “Basically I’ve been training as an agent for S.H.I.E.L.D since I was 7. I’m good at it and I’ve done well. Is that enough for you? Happy now?”
“Um, yeah. I’d really like that.” Peter moved over so that Tony could sit next to him on the already messy bench. Tony quickly looked over at the project that Peter was working on.
“Uh, no… I don’t know anyone called Peter” came the masked reply. The panic was clear in his voice, his secret was about to come out.
“Yeah I’m here! What do you want help with?”
“Yeah and if he had stopped picking on me he would have just picked on someone else Pops. It doesn’t matter honestly.” Tears falling from his eyes, ignoring the strange looks he was getting from people in the corridor. I mean, Captain America was sat right next to him.
Straight away both of the children held up a picture of Thor. “Stay out of his way if he is having a bad hair day.” Peter said, deadly serious. The presenter laughed along with Natasha.
Natasha found Tony doubled over leaning on a dustbin, the smell of alcohol thick around him.
“We need you to come in”
Peter sat crying, hunched over himself.
“We all do okay! Don’t think this is any harder on you than it is on us. Yeah you had to see him die, but I didn’t see him for 2 years. THINK ABOUT THAT FOR A MOMENT.” Natasha’s calmness quickly turned to rage as she screamed in the man’s face, almost recoiling away from the stench of whisky. “Stop thinking about how you could have saved him, and instead focus on how you will save him.”
Steve and Bucky ran toward the quinjet, Wanda trying her best to stop the rubble from hitting them.
“He’s right here. Hey Stark.” Steve’s distinctive voice jolted Tony out of his teary daze. He finally let go of Natasha, but opted to keep a hand on her shoulder, fearful of the idea that if he let go, he would lose her again. Steve however, had other plans. In two swift movements he closed the gap between him and Tony, and gathered both Tony and Natasha into his arms, finally letting the tears fall from his eyes. What happened in the past with Tony needed to stay in the past. The only thing that mattered right now was each other’s pain.
“So, courtesy of Tony Stark and Steve Rodgers, everyone in here today will be leaving with a $200 Target gift card!” Ellen announced, “And, they have an extra special treat for you two.” Ellen said, as a small puppy was brought out and placed on Peter’s lap, and a tiny Kitten was placed on Natasha’s.
“Crap” Natasha thought to herself. He knew. As her Pops disappeared upstairs to find Peter, Tony pulled her into a hug.
“They’re our world… we shouldn’t have exposed them so quickly. HYDRA is bad, like really bad.”
“Yeah I know!” Steve said as he pulled out even more photos of Natasha in various costumes and hairdos, each one labelled with which show or competition she was performing in, what place she won and who was there with her. “I think she got a bit hooked on the dance thing. It’s a shame Peter didn’t either, you can clearly tell from the photo how much he is loving it!” Steve said, as he examined the photo of Nat and Pete in those cute outfits.
The Lazer game was fun, and for a couple of hours he almost forgot about his dizzy spell and the pain in the back of his neck. He and Nat were playing against the robots, which was a bit of an unfair advantage on the robots side, as there were more of them and they were robotic, and so didn’t tire out so easily.
“There are only 13.” Ned interrupted
(See the end of the chapter for
“He was brainwashed. He couldn’t help it.”
Ned: Wait, are you trying to say, that you are the secret son Tony Stark keeps talking about?
Ned: Really funny MJ. Wanna hang out?
Peter walked into the sitting room and plonked himself down in front of the TV, turning it on to watch Star Wars, his favourite films of all time. He pulled out his phone and began to text Ned and MJ
“Happy birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear Peter, Happy birthday to you.” Nat and Steve sang as they blew out the candles on the cake.
“Peter, we need to just breathe for us. Can you do that? In for 4 and out for 4.”
"Your Daddy had to go away on a work trip and might not be back for a long time", was what Steve said. Steve needed to say "Your daddy has been kidnapped and we might never see him again", but that was a little hard hitting for a 5 and 7 year old.
Slowly, more and more of the fallen heros began to return, and each one was greeted with hugs, smiles and tears but one face was missing. After about 10 minutes, all but one hero had returned.
Peter: Very funny MJ. Yeah that’s me.
Tony and Steve guided the interview, and Natasha and Peter acted politely, laughing at the funny home videos people had sent in and the tweets about them, but you could tell it was all getting a bit much for them. After so many years hiding it felt wrong to suddenly be so open about their identity. They felt vulnerable. But Tony and Steve were so proud, they could finally show off their amazing children who they had been talking and raving about, for once they could be truthful about their family dynamic and what actually went on in the Avengers compound. The audience fell in love with the family, but before the show ended, the two superheroes had a surprise for their children.
“What’s the use? What’s the use of having all the money in the world if it can’t help you find the things that matter most to you?” Tony practically screamed in Fury’s face, before burying his tear-stained face into Cap’s t-shirt. “WHERE ARE THEY FURY? You have to find them….”
