He had already managed to upset John somehow, though he had no idea what he'd done. What good would barging back in now do? Clearly John did not want him there.
"Hmmm," John hummed to himself. He went over the details of the case in his mind, speaking softly to himself. "Victims have no obvious cause of death. All found in a haunted location, but the last victim couldn't have been killed by the ghost. And nothing unusual in the tox screen or blood. Well, nothing except the slight potassium elevation, but that wasn't enough to..."
Harry moved to the door and picked up Fluff, who struggled weakly in her arms. John followed just in time to see the door open, revealing the Witch of the Wastes.
John hummed, but continued watching Sherlock pace. He hoped something would happen soon to take his mind off whatever was bothering him. He was rather afraid he would start tearing up the house before long.
John continued to laugh as he made his way to his feet. Sherlock, a little confused by this reaction, simply helped John up, grabbing his coat and turning up the collar.
“It was your own fault, you know,” Moriarty continued. “All you had to do was look the other way. Everybody else did. You brought it upon yourself. But you didn’t even mind, did you? You have some skill in combat. I’ve watched you take down men twice your size. But when Seb here had his fun with you, you didn’t even fight back. You allowed him to do whatever he wanted with you.”
“I want you to know…” John said, hesitantly. “Sherlock, I’m not good at this. But I need to tell you. I am so grateful to have you in my life. It was your presence that made getting past what happened this time easier.”
And the world didn't end. And fireworks didn't go off. And music didn't play. And it wasn't the best snog John had ever had, but it meant the most. And Sherlock analyzed it--the texture of John's lips and the way the muscles moved under the skin and the amount of moisture and how he breathed and the way he tasted.
John moved forward to run his hand over the thick vine. Sherlock was examining another vine next to him closely and John was watching him out of the corner of his eye, curious about what he was finding.
"Er, right," John followed Sherlock into the building, already feeling the hair on his neck stand on end. "I meant, what are we going to do if the ghosts aren't friendly? We can't exactly kill them before they kill us."
"Well," he murmured, addressing the head carved into his cane, "I should, by all rights, be due a third encounter soon. In fact, I demand it."
"Not quite yet, I think," she said, removing her hand and turning to leave John standing in the middle of the yard, staring after her and trying to breathe.
“I’ll just…” Lestrade looked from Sherlock to John, understanding that he was missing something that was apparently none of his business. With a curt nod at them both, he left the room.
But smaller was used to being the one in authority. He frowned down at what Sherlock now recognized as John's chart.
Sherlock stopped, turning on his heel to face Lestrade. He had forgotten that Lestrade, for all his annoying interference, was actually helpful and… friendly? Was that the word? A friend? Couldn’t be. And yet…
“Okay!” Sherlock took a deep breath, glanced once more at John’s determined face, and stepped up on his leg.
"Your guess is as good as mine, mate," Lestrade sighed. "I've given up trying to understand that man's mind."
Sherlock looked up at the nurse. He thought about shouting at her. He thought about ignoring her completely. He thought about going to his mind palace and trying to find answers there. He thought about calling Molly or Lestrade or even Mycroft for advice.
“Good,” Sherlock says. “Perfect. Now I need you to look around you closely. The room is dusty, but there will be breaks in the dust where something has been disturbed. Do you see anything like that?”
John had pulled out the gun the moment the creature had moved and now pointed it directly at its chest, unsure whether it would make any difference.
"What decision?" Sherlock asked, trying to read the chart and frowning petulantly when he found it was displaying a page with only irrelevant biographical information.
“This turn will be very simple, Sherlock,” Moriarty said, turning to face Sherlock. “All you have to do is make a decision about what happens next. An easy one too.”
When they arrived back at the castle, Sherlock was restless and clearly frustrated. He paced up and down the room, sometimes picking up the violin, playing a few notes, and putting it back down again. John watched him, feeling Sherlock's restlessness himself, as though it were contagious.
"He has some degree of hearing loss and has likely suffered a spinal cord injury," Sherlock said into his hands, "resulting in paralysis of his injured leg."
John rubbed his leg, trying to work out some of the stiffness and pain that had accumulated during the day.
"It is for four separate people, all well under middle age, to have heart attacks in supposedly haunted buildings," Sherlock said, grinning.
Sherlock ran through the effects of nerve agents in his mind. It was difficult to know for sure without knowing which agent it was, but Sarin was the most likely, so he stuck with those effects. Sarin is deadly and the symptoms come on quickly. Runny nose, watery eyes, small pinpoint pupils, eye pain, blurred vision, drooling and excessive sweating, cough, chest tightness, rapid breathing, stomach upset, confusion, drowsiness, weakness, headache, slow or fast heart rate, low or high blood pressure, muscle twitching, loss of consciousness, convulsions, paralysis, respiratory failure leading to death.
"No, Sherlock," Lestrade said with exasperation. "I'm breaking all the rules just letting you in here."
Sherlock hung up the phone before Mycroft could respond and turned to John, who was staring stubbornly at him from his chair.
Sherlock watched helplessly as John finished and thread the needle with his shaky hands. He paused, assessing, then plunged the needle into the skin on his arm, wincing as the needle bit into him.
When they returned home, however, Sherlock had been quite restless, pacing the small room and refusing to speak to John. John, who had, by now, grown used to Sherlock's mood, had simply settled in by the fire and began chatting with Mrs. Hudson while he continued to research curses and contracts, to no real effect.
"I'm sorry John," his voice was so soft that John felt his heart clench and his stomach drop. "I should have come sooner."
“Sherlock,” John reached up with his good hand and plucked what appeared to be a tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “I’m sorry.”
“It’s quite odd, you know,” Moriarty said, “Falling in love with a pet I mean. How is it? Loving somebody so stupid? Must be difficult. Certainly a distraction. A disappointment really. I do think it’s time Johnny here wakes up though, don’t you?”
Sherlock sighed, thinking about just dropping the subject, but John was staring at him intently now.
“But it seems my time has come now,” he said. “I must leave you boys. It really has been so much fun. And if Johnny here survives, I will definitely see you again. Next time.”
He moved over to Sherlock and glanced down to find a hole in the floor, leading directly down into blackness. He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock.
John shook his head, waiting for Sherlock to explain. Sherlock simply stared at him, as though dumbfounded John wasn't understanding whatever it was he wasn't saying.
It all happened in an instant that seemed to stretch on for eternity. Sherlock heard the shot. The sound reverberated in his head, making his ears ring. John had barely made it onto the first few steps of the ladder above him. He calculated the distance to the ground from that height. Nine meters.
With seconds left to go, John is still about a foot away from the door. He stops, takes a breath, and makes a desperate leap for the door. The timer finishes its countdown and Sherlock hears a lock turn.
Sherlock finally looked him in the eye and John regretted asking--wished he could take back the question. He didn't want to know the answer that would cause Sherlock to make that face.
The others also began helping Alec clean up the mess while John watched. After a long moment, the table was turned right side up again and the mess was more or less cleaned. The inspector stood and looked around suddenly.
Sherlock took his shirt and placed the pieces just above and below the break. Again, he silently apologized, then he moved the wood as little as possible, sliding the shirt and scarf underneath, then quickly tying them as tightly as he could manage.
John peaked out from behind the wood and saw a tall, thin, red haired woman holding an apparently unconscious or dead man by his armpits. She turned so suddenly that John flinched. Dropping the man with a thud, she moved toward Sherlock, who simply stood still, waiting.
John, leaning against the wall, his good hand against his chest, smiled up at Sherlock, clearly moved.
John was still staring at the door when a short, South Asian man in a lab coat entered, holding a chart and smiling politely.
On the other side of the room, he found a door leading to what he assumed was probably a kitchen. He had to assume because it was just as chaotic and dirty as the other room. Sighing, he stumbled his way through the mess to what he believed was a cupboard and found, to his delight, actual food.
Quickly, Sherlock began chest decompressions, careful to avoid the pen in John’s check. He checked John’s pulse. Weak and erratic, but there. Good.
“Well now,” Scarecrow sounded behind them, “that was rather impressive indeed. Did John tell you how to do that?”
Sherlock calculated. There were several possibilities, each of which more ridiculous than the last. One, however, stood out as not only practical, but immediately possible. John wasn’t going to like it though.
To get to the shop, he needed to navigate through the town's main thoroughfare. As he turned onto the large street, he found it crowded to brimming with people and booths. John sighed, thinking he really should have left earlier if he wanted to actually make it to the shop before it closed.
“Well, that’s interesting,” Sherlock said. “It seems clear that one of the men involved in this business distrusted the other was determined that, whatever was done, each should have an equal hand in it. Now, of the two men it is clear that the one who wrote the ‘at’ and ‘to’ was the ringleader.”
“Please brother,” Mycroft said softly. “Let me help you and John. Do this the right way. For John’s sake.”
They both rushed toward the building. John was first, pointing his gun in before leaning through the door. Nobody.
John is moaning in pain. Sherlock quickly ran through the possible consequences of such a shot. There is a very large bundle of nerves in the pelvis, which regulate everything from reproductive organs to eliminatory functions to walking and lower body movement. A shot there would be incredibly painful and potentially permanently debilitating, if not fatal. If John survived, it would be a very long and painful rehabilitation process. There was a chance he would not have control over his eliminatory functions or reproductive organs. Clearly that had been Sebastian’s intention. If he couldn’t have him, nobody would.
He was dreadful at waiting. Waiting was dreadful. Waiting rooms were dreadful. Everything seemed dreadful to him at the moment.
“After that,” John continued, “he told me that he would tell our superiors I had wanted it. That it was my idea. I knew how the army worked. They’d rather believe that than have a… a rape on record.”
Sherlock pushed his way into the greenhouse, John moving in behind him. They stood in the door for a moment while Sherlock inspected the area. Finally, as though he had seen something invisible to John, Sherlock moved confidently forward and to the left. John followed, not questioning Sherlock's judgement.
He barely made it into the house and to his chair before he collapsed, feeling deeply shaken and exhausted. Vaguely, he could hear Sherlock bustling around him, then whispering something to Mrs. Hudson, but he didn't have the energy to make out what he was saying.
"It's my life and it's my leg," John said softly. "I'm doing it, Sherlock. This isn't your decision."
He found that, as angry as he had been with the witch before, he was much more angry now. He must have been in shock the previous day. He was fuming. What right did she have, going around disabling people. And why him? He decided more firmly that he would track her down and find out. And if that meant staying with a heart eating (metaphorical or otherwise) Wizard, then that's what he would do.
Sherlock groaned inwardly as he stumbled over yet another apparently invisible root. As he readjusted the bag weighing down his back, he wondered for the thousandth time why he had decided to trek out to the middle of the woods, before remembering… Oh yes, a
Sherlock turned again and walked out, cherishing the look on Sebastian’s face as he realized just how boring his life was going to be.
Sherlock shut his mouth again. John looked up to the camera, seeming to look straight at Sherlock. He nodded once and Sherlock sat back in his chair. He was going to have to trust John. He had no other choice.
“John,” he said seriously. “You are invaluable to me as a partner and as a man. I do not have many friends, but you have always been… special. You have endured war, injury, and tragedy, but you remain steadfast and faithful. I admire you John. And I consider myself lucky to call you my friend.”
Sherlock groaned under his breath. Why did this goddamn idiot have to be so tough all the time. It’s like he thinks he’s invincible. Like nothing can break him. He has, of course, been through quite a lot in his life, but that didn’t make him Superman. But then, Sherlock supposed he was going to eventually have to choose dare anyway. Maybe he thought he should get the dares out of the way first, when he still had some some energy.
“No,” John said resignedly. “I’m afraid he’s just like that. We’ll likely all see exactly what he was up to any moment now.”
"Time to catch a murderer," Sherlock, ignoring John's jab, grabbed his coat, scarf, and a bag he had apparently already packed and headed toward the door.
"The first victim worked with the palace healer," Sherlock was saying as he made his way toward the castle gate. "The second was a ship man on a vessel that imports items for the castle, among other entities."
"Hmmm," John was rereading the spell again and took a moment to catch up to what she had said. "No. No, Mrs. Hudson. I'm not his date. It isn't like that."
But where had he been shot? Sherlock searched for the wound, but it was difficult with all the blood on John’s already battered body to find the new wound.
"A bird," the man said, maneuvering slightly so that he blocked John's gaze. "It was important for a case once, though I never figured out why the bird is incapable of flight at any other hour."
There are clear grease marks from fingers on four of the keys. The number correspond to the numbers John has written down. So far so good. Sherlock looks closely. One key has more grease on it than the others. That must be the first number. The finger would leave the most grease on the first key, then progressively less on each subsequent key.
“John wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you Sherlock,” Moriarty continued. “But you already know that.”
Sherlock seemed to hesitate a moment, but John was having trouble discerning subtlety in his drug induced state.
“Oh my,” the Colonel said in awe, “you’re quite right, of course. But why should two men write a note in such a way?”
“Yeah,” Lestrade prompted, “and he’s targeting you and John. Did something happen? Sebastian Moran and John apparently served in Afghanistan at the same time. Did they know each other?”
“I thought you would appreciate me giving John the less intellectual tasks,” Moriarty pouted. “I was trying to be nice.”
"Mr. er... Sherlock is it?" he began, glancing up momentarily across the table at Sherlock, who raised an eyebrow at him to continue, "John Watson has sustained several life threatening injuries in the explosion to which I believe you were witness, am I correct?"
"Sherlock," Mycroft's voice seemed to drip with condescension to Sherlock, "I'm not certain this is a good idea."
"You must be John," she said, her voice reminding him of hot chocolate and bedtime stories. "I've heard so much about you. I'm so happy you've finally come."
Dr. Azarian hesitated. Beside them, John looked expectantly at him, waiting for his good news. Sherlock was waiting for something else entirely.
John felt like he was floating somewhere above his body. Everything felt thick and foggy. He couldn’t remember where he was or why. He felt somewhere in the back of his mind a niggling worry. Something he should remember. Something important. But it felt so pleasant, floating like he was. He wanted to stay there.
“Hmph,” Mrs. Hudson said, opening the door behind her. “Well, you just get up there and start resting.”
"I don't mind," Sherlock tried to sound neutral--tried not to let his anxiety or hurt leak into his voice, which John could now hear and interpret.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, cherishing the look of surprise on John’s face. “Once. He got poison ivy and I got… sick.”
His eyes shot open to find a blurry face pressed against him. When it moved back, he saw Sherlock, staring at him wide eyed. John realized he had just breathed into him and began to panic all over again. They needed to get to the surface quickly or they would both pass out and drown now.
“I…” he found he was having a hard time coming up with words now. “I guess. I suppose I have. A bit. Maybe.”
"Sir," he said in a sigh, "I don't know who you are or your relationship to Dr. Watson, but it is imperative that we get into contact with his next-of-kin within the next thirty minutes or we will be forced to make a life-changing medical decision without any input from him or his family."
“But, with you…” he stopped, looking down at his feet. “I.. I’ve allowed myself… I didn’t mean to, but I…”
“Saving up those truths now?” the voice asked, tauntingly. “Well, let’s take it easy on you after that last dare. Wouldn’t want out Dr. Watson here to miss the big finale.”
"He was found in his house completely drained of blood with two puncture marks on his neck," Bryan said. "What else could do that?"
"I cannot disclose Dr. Watson's medical information to anybody outside of his next-of-kin," the doctor's tone had moved from annoyance to anger now and he snapped John's chart closed and looked Sherlock full in the face.
"Oh yes, deary," she said. "Though it is not easy. One must be in the right place at the right time and very quick."
"John!" Lestrade pushed his way past John into the room. "Thank goodness. I've been knocking at the door for ages."
He glanced over at John in the passenger seat. He had decided to rent a car for the trip—easier on John with his healing injuries. He wasn’t a huge fan of driving, but if it was necessary, he was able.
Sherlock was speechless for a moment. He knew John trusted him, but he hadn’t realized how far that trust went. He should have known, but John constantly surprised him. It was one of the many things about John that Sherlock admired.
“Start counting,” he growled, then moved his balance so that he was, unimaginably, standing on both legs.
Then, when a mysterious black building appeared just outside of the village, his patients were certain the Witch had left the Wastes to come and torment the towns again. The black mass, with smoke coming from its four tall turrets, would appear and disappear in different locations all around the outskirts of the village--sometimes among the hills, sometimes looming above the cliffs, and sometimes settling in the moors. Some said that, if one watched carefully, they could even see the strange castle moving on its own.
John stared at her with equal parts amazement and annoyance. She had dark hair carefully pinned up behind an sharp face. Her light eyes seemed to radiate authority and mischief. John found himself more annoyed that he had been all day.
"I know that you are straight and I do not expect you to return the sentiment," Sherlock continued as soon as he had taken a breath, "but I felt it necessary to..."
Sherlock was torn. This wasn't his decision to make and John was already teetering on the edge of anger, but he couldn't just let him recklessly rush into this without considering it fully.
He place the hand of his good arm on his side and felt blood, but the cuts didn't seem to be deep enough to be dangerous. Sherlock's eyes were tense as he examined John's other side.
"You look well," he said, a bit stiffly, uncertain how to approach the woman he had only known as a child.
He watched Sherlock quickly move around the bed and leave the room. He felt a twinge of guilt, but he was glad to see him go. He needed a moment to himself. He needed to process without Sherlock, or anybody else, nearby to watch him untangle the knot of confusion and tension and conflict he felt he had become.
“He won’t eat, he has trouble sleeping. When he does, he has nightmares. He’s jumpy, irritable, and anxious. I’ve tried talking to him. I would give him a case, but his injuries prevent him from doing any sort of leg work. I... I don’t know how to help him.”
“Your turn, Johnny boy,” Moriarty said gleefully. “Please enter the room in front of you and you will be given your instructions.”
“Yes,” Sherlock suddenly looked… shy? No, that couldn’t be. Ashamed? No, Sherlock was never ashamed. Embarrassed…?
"Many simpler spell require no magic at all," he said. "It is simply chemistry with magical elements."
John was clearly fighting through the fog in his head to think. Sherlock wanted to tell him to choose truth. He could take all three truths and only have to perform two dares. But he had a suspicion John was thinking the same thing. Damned fool.
“How?” Sherlock asked, astonished. He made all the wrong decisions, regardless of what John seemed to think.
Glancing back at the source light, which was still making his head ache, he found that the sun had only just risen. The light was still diffuse and muted (he dreaded full brightness, certain his head would split open), which meant he still had at least an hour or so before his first patients would arrive.
"Notice what?" John was becoming impatient, but before Sherlock could answer, the carriage stopped outside of the palace and Sherlock jumped out.
“The puzzle is quite simple,” Moriarty says. “All you have to do is locate the first aid kit. John is then more than welcome to treat his injuries with it. But do be careful. The kit is only in one of the nine indicated locations. Each of the other locations contain something dangerous or painful. You will have 30 minutes to find the supplies. If you don’t find them, I’ll put John back in the first room, and we’ll start over.”
Sherlock was looking directly at him, holding his gaze with such an intense expression that John was finding it difficult to look at him, but impossible to look away.
"A... a what?" John stared at the woman, who looked like a perfectly normal human, aside from the growls and snarls.
"Precisely," Sherlock said, much to John's confusion. "No blood. If a man were drained of blood here, you would expect at least a few drops of blood on the carpet, but there is nothing."
They arrived at Molly's lab just as she was preparing the body. Sherlock immediately moved to it and pulled out his magnifying glass, examining every inch of the man's body carefully. Molly, ignoring him as though she were quite used to this, began her exam as well. John waited near the edge of the room, feeling rather useless.
Sherlock glared at Moriarty, then at the screen of the laptop. The liquids in the syringe were all different, but he had no idea which was which or how to tell.
Sherlock looked back at John, who was staring back up at him. He quickly scanned John’s broken body. Bum shoulder, so he would only have one good arm to help. And that arm was, of course, on the same side of his body as the broken leg. The leg, which was tied to a board. And even his good leg was sprained. Not to mention the broken ribs and collapsed lung, which would make leveraging himself up extremely difficult if not impossible on his own. And then, even if he managed to get up, how would he get back down again?
John moved toward the body, feeling anticipation rising in his chest. The woman was well dressed in a long robe adorned with lace and jewels. Her eyes were closed and he could see no obvious marks on her.
“Mycroft,” Sherlock said urgently into the phone as soon as the ringing ceased. “Sebastian Moran. I know who’s been hiding him. I know how he got to us so easily. I know who’s ultimately in charge here.”
Sherlock shot him a look. He might be considered the stubborn, childish one, but John’s stubbornness could rival anyone’s.
“Easy one then,” the voice said after a moment, “since you were so impressive just now. Take that wrapping off your shoulder and leave it off.”
John, staring distrustfully down the tunnel, reached over and began unwrapping his shoulder. When he finished, Sherlock could clearly see the wound as the shirt also fell away. It looked so small. Just a hole, less than an inch, slowly leaking blood onto John’s chest. Sherlock was, however, infuriated to see just how close the wound was to his previous wound. The scar tissue would make healing more difficult and painful for John.
"Of course it was," John turned back to his breakfast, which was beginning to burn. "Extraordinary. It was quite extraordinary."
As he watched Sherlock's long, nimble fingers glide over the violin, he wondered at the incongruity of the man before him and the man he had pictured before they met. Before him stood the famed wizard who scared all who dared go alone -- the man who eats hearts and sucks souls -- creating pure beauty, not just with the music, but with his entire body. His eyes were closed and he looked completely at peace -- an expression John had not yet seen in their short time together.
The footsteps stopped and there was a moment of silence. John and Sherlock both barely breathed as they listened. Then, suddenly, there were several loud bangs, as though somebody were fighting, followed by a thud.
Sherlock let his gaze fall to the floor. His jaw clenched around the words he couldn't bring himself to even consider saying. How could he give permission to have John's leg amputated. And his right leg at that. The very one he's 'fixed' when they'd first met. He couldn't do it.
The words John had written so long ago echoed in his head then: "Sherlock sees right through everyone and everything in seconds. What's incredible, though, is how spectacularly ignorant he is about some things."
Sherlock's fists clenched beneath the table as Dr. Azarian paused, looking directly into Sherlock's eyes. He took a deep breath before beginning to speak.
The knife suddenly caught on something. Sherlock nearly collapsed with relief, but he couldn’t afford to move and risk losing the bullet. So, he carefully moved the knife around the obstruction, making certain it was actually the bullet he was feeling. He didn’t want to take the next step without certainty.
“Or, I could just kill John now,” a shot rang out, the bullet piercing the rock mere inches from John’s head.
He thought about tact. He tried to remember times he had seen John use it with others in similar situations--clients who had experienced some kind of loss, friends who were ill, people under stress at crime scenes. He was typically quiet--reserved and out-of-the-way.
"Oh, deary, don't be so harsh," Mrs. Hudson said, flaring up slightly. "After all, you did it once."
Sherlock looked at the screen. John was bleeding through the sheets of the damned bed. Sebastian still stood next to him, smiling up at the camera, one hand rubbing small circles in John’s bare thigh.
Instead, he was on the phone with Mycroft before five minutes had passed, after a brief but furious battle with himself over asking his brother for help.
After what seemed an eternity of Sherlock's relentless restless energy and a lack of anything to siphon it off on, John returned home from the market one day to find Sherlock slumped in his chair surrounded by ominous shadows. Mrs. Hudson was flickering in distress beside him.
“That would be because it was written by two persons doing alternate words. When I draw your attention to the strong t's of ‘at’ and ‘to’ and ask you to compare them with the weak ones of ‘quarter’ and ‘twelve,’ you will instantly recognise the fact. A very brief analysis of those four words would enable you to say with the utmost confidence that the ‘learn’ and the ‘maybe’ are written in the stronger hand, and the ‘what’ in the weaker.”
Then he quickly lifted John’s leg—a hand just before and just after the break—and moved the plank underneath it with his knee.
He was folded in on himself--his long, slim body bend at improbable angles in order to create his own space on which others could not intrude. His legs were pulled up tightly to his chest, his arms tucked into his body between them, his head resting on his knees.
"John," Sherlock stood on his chair before crossing to John's in two long strides and putting his hands on John's shoulders. "You may not be the most luminous of people, but as a conductor of light, you are brilliant!"
John’s hand shot instinctively up to grasp Sherlock’s wrists, pulling as hard as he could. Which was disturbingly not hard at all.
Convincing John to let him help him back into the correct position took far longer than Sherlock would have liked. But he needed to move carefully. John was teetering on a hair's edge. His emotional state and his physical state colliding to create a perfect storm of pain and panic.
There was a moment of confusion, during which Alec and the elderly Mr. Cunningham slipped away as well, muttering something about finding him.
"You don't have to stay here," John mumbled, staring down at this lap. "I'll text you when they come with the results."
But at least he wouldn’t be insured for once. At least he would be physically okay. Emotionally? Not really his area. But he was going to be assaulted by his best friend at the word of a maniac, so he assumed probably bit not good.
"Of course, deary," Mrs. Hudson flared high up in the fireplace and John felts a small lurch, but he didn't dare open the door to look out.
Fortunately, like the first shot he had received, this shot was not fatal, unless it became infected. It would be painful and John was losing blood, but he wouldn’t lose enough to kill him.
He turned on his heels and stared at the waiting room door, willing someone to enter. He tried to think of something he could do with himself. Something to take his mind off of... of things he would rather not remember.
He reached the bottom long after Sherlock, arms sore from keeping himself from falling every time his leg gave out. Sherlock, much to his relief, was waiting for him at the bottom, though John could only just see his outline. John blinked, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness. After what seemed a long moment, he could just see the outline of a hall or a tunnel, but could make out no detail.
“Of course,” the voice said gleefully. “I’ll give you two a moment. Just don’t think about moving. Because if you do, I will find you and kill you both. Slowly.”
John’s pain was distracting him. He couldn’t think of anything else. John, ever the soldier, was playing it down, he knew. Anybody else would have been screaming or unconscious. Not John. Not his John.
“I can’t,” he said. “There’s no way I can do it without causing extensive damage. We don’t have the right equipment. This certainly isn’t sanitary conditions. I don’t have an x-ray to know exactly where it is. I can’t.”
“I could see that you were commiserating with me over my mistake,” said Sherlock, laughing. “I am sorry to cause you the sympathetic pain, but it was quite necessary. We then went upstairs together, and having entered the room and seen the dressing-gown hanging up behind the door, I contrived by upsetting a table to engage their attention for the moment and slipped back to examine the pockets.”
Taking a deep breath, John backed up and ran, not allowing himself to think as he leaped off the roof toward the next building. He landed with a soft thud and a thrill of adrenaline. Glancing behind him at the gap in the buildings, he saw a shadow moving along the other roof.
"That's John," Sherlock said, waving a hand dismissively. "He's with me. Now tell me about the case."
Sherlock didn’t consider himself a prideful man… Well, okay, maybe a bit. But he didn’t usually care what other people thought of him. But John. John was different. John was… everything.
The creature, for John could not bring himself to think of it as anything else, growled menacingly and John instinctively reached for the gun he had hidden in his trousers before he left the clinic.
Sherlock looked back down at the papers. He let his eyes flow over the words, but couldn't seem to process them.
"This is where the victims are murdered," Sherlock moved into the room, reaching into the bag he had brought and pulling out what looked like a pile of ropes in knots.
Sherlock was left staring at the hole, waiting for John to emerge, and thinking about 'he's alive' and about what Lestrade's unvoiced 'but' could mean.
Sherlock let out a shaky breath. Of course. Sebastian could do anything to John in five minutes. It would be more than enough time to kill him and even make him suffer more beforehand. And it would be enough time for him to…
"Not enough data," Sherlock returned, turning to Molly. "We need a full tox screen, as fast as you can. Send the results to me in Kingsbury. Mrs. Hudson will let you in if we aren't there."
"That makes no sense Sherlock," he said finally. "There's nothing for you here. Why would you want to be here?"
“Oh, don’t be so bitter Sherlock,” Moriarty says. “I’ll even do you a kindness. Since it’s John’s turn, I’ll give him a moment to collect himself before he heads into the next room.”
He turned his attention back to the fire, feeling the exhaustion of the day deep in his aching bones. As he stared, he thought he must be more tired that he knew. In the fire, he was almost certain he could see a face. The fire was a odd blue color, as though there were salt in the logs burning at the bottom. The top of the fire, however, was green and curled, almost like hair. In the center sat two reddish orange spots that John could almost make out as eyes. There were even small purple glints in the center for pupils. And, perhaps most disturbingly, there was a long dark slash near the bottom with purple flames that could have been quite nasty teeth.
“You’re having another flashback,” Sherlock said firmly. “I’m going to get you out of here, but I need you to listen to me and do exactly as I say.”
"Sherlock..." John had to pause to adjust again to the odd sound of his own voice, barely audible to his own ears, and try not to wince at the pain talking caused his chest. "What happened?"
"Er," John blinked, trying to pull himself out of his thoughts enough to concentrate on the man in front of him, "yeah."
Suddenly, Fluff began barking frantically and jumped off Harry's lap to run toward the front of the house.
He gently placed John’s head against his stomach, moving so that his bent lets began pushing John’s torso upward. John groaned softly, but didn’t stop him. After what seemed like an eternity, John was sitting upright, propped against Sherlock’s chest, rasping and trying not to get sick.
“Oh, nice job Sherlock,” the voice said. “But I’m afraid Dr. Watson isn’t looking too good right now.”
John braced himself for the impact just as the creature slammed into him. His breath left him in a huff and he hit the ground hard, his cane spiraling out of his grasp. He felt the creatures claws tearing at his sides and tried desperately to get enough leverage to push it off.
“Oh no,” the voice stopped him short. “No helping him Sherlock. This is his dare. He has to do it on his own.”
John and Sherlock had returned to the castle after Sherlock had announced his discovery. John had expected them to go straight to the docks, but when they arrived home instead, he had assumed Sherlock simply needed to gather supplies before they left for the actual crime scene. He had been surprised, therefore, when Sherlock had simply walked straight to his chair and sat, hands folded in front of his chin.
The sight, sounds, and smell of the warehouse assaulted Sherlock’s senses the moment they arrived. Sherlock had to pause when he stepped out of the car and give himself a moment to get ahold of himself. He wasn’t used to being overwhelmed by emotions, but they seemed to be pounding at him from every angle. He kept seeing John lying on that bed, Sebastian’s dirty hands on him, stroking.
“Sometimes the most obvious solution is the hardest to detect,” Mycroft said. “Brother, you know what this means, do you not? You and John must be extremely careful from now on. With Sebastian Moran and Jim Moriarty teamed up, there is no doubt that both you and John are still in grave danger.”
“As a reward,” Moriarty said, “I’ll give you time to patch up those wounds, Johnny. See, I’m not a bad guy.”
"Fine," Sherlock said impatiently, his tone urging the doctor to skip the formalities and simply give him the data.
Sherlock wanted to squeeze the life out of that voice more than he had ever wanted to do anything else in his life.
"Oh, I have a feeling," Mrs. Hudson seemed to dance in the grate. "I've learned to trust my instincts."
Another shot rang out. John tried to move so that he had a better vantage point, but he couldn’t maneuver himself from this angle.
“I know you’re here,” he shouted into the shaft. “This will be much easier if you give yourself up.”
Colonel Hayter smiled at John, who was watching Sherlock think. Sherlock was wrapped up in his thoughts. They would need to go to the estates and talk with both families. He’d need to see the note. They would need to…
John Watson lay on a hospital bed hooked up to so much machinery that Sherlock could hardly see him. He was indeed on a respirator and was unconscious. He had a morphine line hooked up to his IV and a blood transfusion in the other arm. Various equipment was monitoring his pulse, O2 levels, blood pressure, and various other vitals. John’s shoulder had a clear dressing over it, though it was packed with gauze. Sherlock could tell there were antibiotic beads in the wound as well. His leg was covered in a complicated contraption of metal. Through the contraption, Sherlock could see several large staples keeping John’s skin together.
John was fairly certain his head was going to split open. If it would stop the pounding, he wasn't sure he minded much. Of course, then he would have nothing to distract him from the bloody awful pain that stabbed his chest every time he had the nerve to take a breath.
"Oh, didn't you hear?" she asked, her voice lilting. "I'm here for a date. You're sister really is quite sweet."
He shifted uncomfortably. Sherlock was listening intently. How could he not know something about John. How could he not have deduced it? He was fairly certain he knew where this was going and he should have known. He should have asked. How had he never asked about John’s parents?
They reached the Cunningham estate, which was even more impressive than Colonel Hayter’s. Sherlock had wanted to talk to the Acton’s as well, but they were out of town at the moment.
"Those risks you're so quick to damn are your life, John!" Sherlock spat back, his voice rising with him as he rose from the chair. "Why do you always find that so easy to throw away?"
And then he felt something that shocked him so much his focus shifted entirely: a hand had been wrapped around his own. A familiar hand. Sherlock's hand.
It took some time, but finally Sherlock guided John out onto the street. The air seemed to help bring John back to his senses, but he was still weak and trembling.
John was escorted roughly out of the room. Sherlock watched him go, silently pleading that he wasn’t heading for anything terrible and knowing full well he was. Alarmingly, after the men crated John away, Sebastian Moran smiled directly at Sherlock, then slipped out of the room himself.
Suddenly John’s hand twitched. Sherlock jumped, relief flooding his body. He squeezed his hand gently. John’s hand twitched again.
“The rules are really quite simple,” Moriarty continued. “John must simply get to the door on the other side of the room to escape. The door is open. However, there is a time limit, Johnny boy. You’ll need to get there before two hours is up. Otherwise, the door will lock and the game will be over. For both of you.”
“I see Sebastian here still has an effect on John,” Moriarty put a hand on John’s head, petting him like a dog. “Why’s that John? Did Seb do something dirty to you?” he leaned in closer to John’s ear and whispered, “did you secretly like it?”
"I thought you weren't my housekeeper," a deep and somehow familiar voice startled John so much that he almost dropped the pan.
Sherlock groaned. This again? Another little game. Another stupid excuse to torture them. To torture John.
As spring arrived, John found himself busier and busier. He had, out of boredom and trouble sleeping, worked on creating new remedies. To his surprise, these had become quite popular. John spent all day seeing patients and most of the night creating his remedies. He should have been pleased with his success, but he more often found himself struggling to pull himself out of bed. Although his war injury had long healed, he felt it must still be draining his strength.
John, who had been sitting near the far wall, tending the candle, stood and moved closer to the woman, sitting on the floor across from her.
Even through the medicated fog of drugs, John knew where Sherlock's sentence ended. His mind screamed with the competing urges to reach down and feel for the leg he knew was no longer there and to never look down again.
Sherlock wished he hadn’t said that. He didn’t trust himself and here John was, all his faith resting in him.
John was staring at Sherlock now. Sherlock was trying very hard to contain himself. This was John’s holiday. It was meant to be a time away from his life, not a excuse for a case. Sherlock was, truthfully, dying for a case. He hadn’t solved anything in over a month now and he was itching for adventure. But John…
He tried to be gentle, but John had collapsed in his arms and moving him without help was difficult. He moved as slowly as he could, but John groaned and winced with every change in position. He concentrated on getting his upper body settled first, so that he could breathing more easily.
Before he can reply, the sounds of sirens and cars screeching to a halt somewhere outside interrupt him. The cavalry is here. Just after the nick of time, as per usual.
Then, just as quickly as the memories had come back, John seemed to return to his body. And his body was in
For the next several hours, John and Colonel Hayter talked old war stories, laughing at the mischievousness they used to get up to in their military days. Sherlock listened contently, enjoying the insight he was getting into John’s past.
His eyes flew open and he stared in open shock at their now entwined hands, not quite believing what he had felt. Then, when he was certain he wasn't hallucinating, he looked up at Sherlock's face.
The next morning John found himself curled up on the floor, aching all over and stiff. The light streaming through the front window hit his head like a hammer and closing his eyes again did little to help the pounding.
John gasped, stumbling back as step as the stick arm thrust into his face. His breath caught in his throat and he felt ill. Then the adrenaline caught up to his system and he shoved at the scarecrow as hard as he could manage.
Three large men entered the room and moved to John. They blindfolded him, untied him, and began carrying him away.
“Well, John,” Sherlock said softly, “I do believe this holiday has been something of a success, don’t you?”
John glanced out to find they had left the center of the city and were now surrounded by rather decrepit buildings, most of which looked long abandoned. Sherlock had already exited the carriage and was walking toward a three level house that appeared to have been built at least a century before and looked about ready to crumble under its own weight. John pushed his way out of the carriage, thanking the driver and rushing as well as he could to catch up.
Dr. Azarian looked up from his chart at John for a silent moment. John stared back at him, trying to interpret his expression, but finding the task rather difficult. After a moment the doctor glanced down again.
John, wondering what good he could do, moved over and looked where Sherlock was pointing. He saw tiny puncture marks, almost hidden at the edge of the man's hair.
"Yes," John said, wincing as his chest protested at the attempt at speech as well as at the truly dismal sound of his voice.
And with that, John began moving forward again. Slowly, but steadily. The nurse, surprise still evident on her face, turned to Sherlock, who raised an eyebrow at her. She paused a moment, then scuttled off.
When they arrived back at the castle, John's mind was racing. He hadn't had so much excitement since the war. He had even almost managed to forget about the alternately aching and shooting pains in his leg and shoulder.
By the time John finally made his way back downstairs, the sun was beginning to fall and Sherlock was gone.
The first thing he noticed (because it sent a jolt of panic up his spine) was blood. Blood pooled around John’s inert body, spreading in a circle around his head, left shoulder, and right leg.
"Waiting for what?" John asked, turning slightly in his chair to watch as Sherlock pulled several books from a shelve and stacked them on a nearby table.
John hesitated a moment, but then Sherlock shot him a look of annoyance over his shoulder and he followed.
"But...," he didn't understand. It wasn't like Sherlock to be so irrational. "But I'm useless like this. I can't do anything. I can't run off to crime scenes or chase after suspects or... or anything. I'm useless!"
“What are you worried about Sherlock?” he asked. “Sebastian will be quite gentle, I assure you. John will not be harmed.”
He stared at the equipment for a long moment, willing it to make noise, but the room remained silent.
But that didn't mean he was going to just sit here and do nothing about it. If he had a chance, he was going to take it. After all, what was his life worth if he lost everything again?
"And finally," Dr. Azarian continued, "your lung has not fully recovered, which makes surgery particularly dangerous. You will be at higher risk for respiratory complications during surgery, as well as for pneumonia during recovery. In addition, the risk for a secondary pneumothorax is high. I generally do not recommend surgery so soon after a lung collapse, Dr. Watson."
They returned to the castle just as night was falling and found the woman Sherlock had spoken with earlier idling near the door. She asked, "spare change?" and Sherlock responded, "Don't mind if I do," at which point she handed him a folded piece of paper.
And then Sherlock was coming toward him, his face a mask of panic. And John was panicking too because that was the direction of the danger. And then there was a flash of heat and noise and then...
"I should have known," he said to the scarecrow. "Well, if I were meant for good fortune, I suppose you would come to life and help me find the Witch of the Wastes. Or at least help me find a proper cane. Ah well. At least you aren't stuck now."
“Very good!” the voice said. “So after all of that, it doesn’t even matter. I might as well just shoot Dr. Watson now and save him the suffering… but that wouldn’t be much fun, now would it? And how much will you suffer, Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock watched as John took a deep breath, clearly trying to steady his hands. It didn’t work. His hands were shaking badly. That was going to make giving himself stitches a bit difficult.
"You also sustained a severe crush injury to your right leg. There was extensive trauma: multiple complex fractures, ligament damage, likely nerve damage..." Sherlock's sentence trailed off as John looked away.
Looking around himself frantically, Sherlock found his coat discarded in the corner. Thank goodness he had dragged the stupid thing along with them. He quickly retrieved the coat and carefully placed it over John’s shivering body.
“That’s impossible,” Sherlock yelled. “How can you expect him to put weight on a compound fracture. There’s no way!”
He was a bit relieved to be back in the room with the cozy fire and soft chair for a while, though he was a surprised to find himself there. He had been certain Sherlock would not rest until the case was solved.
He never thought he would miss the frustrating, antagonizing noises of being in hospital. But as he lay in the muffled near-silence of his hospital bed, he missed it dearly.
John stared wide-eyed at Sherlock, who was shouting at him from Baker Street. He was standing in the doorway of 221 Baker Street!
"I will be happy to go over his chart with you in detail at a later time, but at the moment we have a pressing matter to which we must attend," Dr. Azarian flipped a few pages in John's chart, glancing down.
John’s chest began rising and falling. Not as much as he would prefer, but enough to keep him alive.
“It’s going to be okay,” Sherlock said softly. “It’s all going to be okay now. I’m going to fine that monster as soon as you’re better. You’re safe now.”
Sherlock took a deep breath before turning on his heel and pacing back down the pavement in front of the hospital. He had been pacing the same street for the past fifteen minutes, trying to calm his anger and clear his head.
She and Lestrade watched Sherlock for a long time, Molly growing more and more worried. His expression is unguarded. He looks angry and sad and anxious.
“John,” Sherlock was on his feet, still holding John’s hand, his other hand how cupping John’s cheek where the machines weren’t hooked up. “John, it’s me. John!”
John reacted immediately, without thought. He cried, "get down," and pushed Sherlock to the ground. Then, in the next instant, he was on top of Jacol, putting pressure on his chest and checking for a pulse. Jacol took a ragged breath, then stopped breathing entirely. John though he could hear shouting, but it was distant, as though hearing through a wall.
"Did Mr. Holmes have the chance to speak with you about that?" he asked, looking at the chart where John's eyes had landed.
Sherlock visibly tensed as he prepared himself to speak again, as though saying the words caused him physical pain. John prepared himself for the pain as well.
"Are you seeing anyone," he asked, feeling the same protective urge to parent her that he always had as a kid.
“Now,” Sherlock said, “I don’t know how much you know about deduction based solely on handwriting, but it is quite an interesting field which I have studied extensively. You may not be aware that the deduction of a man's age from his writing is one which has been brought to considerable accuracy by experts. In normal cases one can place a man in his true decade with tolerable confidence. I say normal cases, because ill-health and physical weakness reproduce the signs of old age, even when the invalid is a youth. In this case, looking at the bold, strong hand of the one, and the rather broken-backed appearance of the other, which still retains its legibility, although the t's have begun to lose their crossings, we can say that the one was a young man, and the other was advanced in years without being positively decrepit.”
Then the front door opened, and a man stepped out. He was in his early 50s, of average height, well built, with salt and pepper hair and a kind expression. He was a good man. Sherlock had made certain.
“Please tell us all that you know,” Sherlock said once they were seated in the Cunningham’s drawing room. The older Mr. Cunningham, Alec’s father, had joined them.
"But why?" John asked before Sherlock could say anything. "Why would you stay when all the others like you had left? Why would you want to be alone?"
"Maybe," Dr. Azarian said slowly, "but, Dr. Watson, you should know that there are risks for some very serious complications."
In front of him, the suspect darted down the alleyway between trash bins and the occasional fire escape. John pressed harder, jumping an overturned bin as he began to close the distance between himself and the suspect.
“Here we go,” he cupped his hands gently behind John’s head and raised it slowly so that it was resting on his lap.
Sherlock allowed himself to be led into the ambulance. He found he was shaking. The kind paramedic, followed by several other, entered behind him and closed the door. They were moving in moments. Sherlock allowed himself to be examined, too distracted to care.
He hadn't known then how prescient those words had been. How often John Watson would throw himself into the line of fire.
Sherlock was sitting in one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs near the center of the room, his legs folded up and his hands pressed together in front of his face. He was thinking.
It crossed his mind (quite without his permission) that he was all but kissing his best friend. His lips were pressed against John Watson’s lips. This wasn’t exactly how he had planned… Not that he had planned… It had never even occurred to him… He would never have… But…
"Are we really investigating a vampire?" John asked as they moved into the large, luxurious living area.
“Yeah, a bit,” Moriarty said happily. “This was Sebastian’s little idea to be honest, but I like it. And just think, this most certainly will not kill John.”
Still staring at the shadow behind them, John startled and stumbled as his hand was jerked forward. He turned his attention to the stranger, who was now running down another alley, tugging him behind.
Sherlock was covered in blood. His wrists and ankles were raw and bruised. And he looked… intense. Lestrade stood to the side, watching him. Molly looks to him when it becomes clear Sherlock isn’t going to answer.
And then, after what had seemed like an unending eternity, they had lifted the last of the debris from John's body, and suddenly Sherlock understood what Lestrade's unspoken "but" had meant.
“Of course,” the Colonel replied. “When Mr. Holmes here called and told me you two were looking to get away, I jumped on the opportunity. It’s been too long Dr. Watson.”
When John arrived back at the clinic, he found a note waiting for him on his desk. He stared at it for a long moment, wondering how anybody had gotten into the locked clinic to leave it and feeling a vague apprehension. Finally, he picked it up and found, lying beneath it, a familiar pocket watch. He hesitated, reaching out to touch the small piece. Then he began reading.
“There are no tourists,” Sherlock squinted in front of them, trying to see their attacker. “The mine is closed. Safety issue they’re fixing.”
“A few more days is what you’ve been saying for a week,” John said. “I’m a doctor. I know what I am capable of. I just walked down the hall on my own. I can manage the rest of my recovery at home.”
"It was the nurse," he said, still standing still just beyond the bed. "She's gone now. You need to lie down. You're not breathing John."
She was small and rather meek, with mousy hair tied back in a long pony tale. Her entire face seemed to light up when she saw Sherlock and John wondered if this was one of the hearts he had "eaten".
“I’ll begin working on something,” Mycroft ignored Sherlock’s outburst. “Formulate a plan and get back to me. We will work together on this, brother. For your own protection and for John’s.”
"Where's Sherlock," John asked Mrs. Hudson, pulling a log from beside the fireplace and handing it to her.
Sherlock had spent those three days alternating between sitting, statue like, in his chair, shuffling through his books and files, and paying his violin. John had primarily spent his time watching Sherlock, particularly when he played the violin. But he had also taken the opportunity to read any material he could find on curses and contracts. It may not have been the most opportune time to work on breaking Sherlock's contact with Mrs. Hudson -- being in the middle of a case and all -- but he had gotten no closer to finding a solution and, at that moment, seemed to have little esle of use to do.
Sherlock put his hand between them and John, slowly, pulled the letter out and placed it in Sherlock's hand. He had no idea why his heart had started beating so hard and fast. Sherlock opened the letter as slowly as John had pulled it out and stared at it for a long moment.
Something clattered somewhere to his left in one of the tunnels and Sherlock could feel the color drain from his face. The killer. He’d forgotten about the killer. They were trapped down here with a maniac intent on killing John’s Watson.
The ship looked as though it had been abandoned for decades. It was docked in a disused part of the docks and, to John, looked as though it might fall apart at the slightest wind. Illuminated only be the moon, it had an eerie luminescence and John couldn't help but think of the ghost they had encountered and wonder if this were haunted as well.
“Uh uh,” he sang, “no helping your little pet. This is his puzzle after all. If you say a word, the game is over, and I’ll have John shot in the stomach.”
I've begun an apprenticeship with a lovely women out in the countryside. She is a witch! She's teaching me all she knows and getting me in contact with important people. You don't need to worry about me anymore.
Being born the eldest of three in a land where seven league boots and sorcerers exist is quite a misfortune. In the land of Ingary, the eldest of three is certain to live a life of mediocrity and failure while the youngest finds their fortune. And yet, being the eldest of two is worse. In a family with two children, neither child is destined for greatness.
What he saw was... nothing. Not blackness or an empty room or a field, but actual nothingness. He had never experienced anything so unnerving. Trembling slightly, he slowly reached his hand out into the nothingness. He felt nothing--not hot or cold or damp or dry. He withdrew his hand and closed the door, deciding he would ask Sherlock about it when he returned.
“Oh, but isn’t he?” Scarecrow laughed. “Don’t you think Johnny here should have a chance to play for his own life?”
Sherlock smiled at John, whose face had more color and whose expression was much more lively than it had been in weeks.
this. It would make him more than uncomfortable. He would essentially be assaulting John. But what alternative did he have? He couldn’t allow John to be shot… again.
Panicking again, Sherlock checked John’s wrist. Rapid, weak pulse. He pulled John’s eyelids up. Dilated pupils.
John nodded curtly and crouched down lower behind the wood, listening carefully to the soft footsteps above them.
John smiled at Sherlock briefly, affection clear in his expression. Sherlock smile back genuinely. Maybe he had finally done something right for John.
"How do you know?" John asked. "It may not have been you, but another vampire could have hidden here if you could."
As John watched Sherlock, he knew things would be different now. He wouldn't be able to run off the same way he had before. He would have to figure out how to move in the world now that he moved differently. And he still had nightmares and tremors and panic attacks periodically. But, as Sherlock continued to enthusiastically describe the case they were now apparently working on together, he knew he would be able to figure it out. Because he wouldn't have to do it alone. He hadn't lost everything. Not this time.
"As I'm sure you can see," Dr. Azarian continued, "the damage is quite severe. We need to take action immediately. The longer we wait, the higher the risk for complications. We need to make a decision about how to proceed."
“I just…” Sherlock continued, becoming more and more exasperated, “It’s just… I don’t exactly have many friends. You… you’re my only friend.”
Sherlock noted the exasperation evident on Lestrade, Donovan, and Anderson’s faces as he patiently explained that the case was disturbingly simple. He also noted, with secret pleasure, the now familiar look of astonishment and admiration on John’s face.
“John wait,” Sherlock tries. He doesn’t like where this is going. His insides are churning. “Don’t do it.”
And then chaos broke loose. Time seemed to slow. Sherlock, whose vision was blocked by the half-closed door, heard several things at once: the nurse squealing in what sounded like surprise; a loud crash that sounded like the medical cart being knocked aside; the bed creaking and sheets shifting; a strangled groan from John.
“Apparently the elder Mr. Cunningham has been quite straightforward with the police now,” Sherlock explained. “I just got off the phone with them and Mr. Cunningham explained quite a bit. It seems that William had secretly followed his two masters on the night when they made their raid upon Mr. Acton's, and, having thus got them into his power, proceeded under threats of exposure to levy blackmail upon them. Mister Alec, however, was a dangerous man to play games of that sort with. It was a stroke of positive genius on his part to see in the burglary scare, which was convulsing the countryside, an opportunity of plausibly getting rid of the man whom he feared. William was decoyed up and shot; and, had they only got the whole of the note, and paid a little more attention to detail in their accessories, it is very possible that suspicion might never have been aroused.”
He looked away. He felt vaguely humiliated and resentful. How had Sherlock noticed his hearing damage before he had? And now he was making appointments for him, as though he were a child in need of a keeper.
John clenched his fist tightly as the tremors increased, then sighed again and let it drop to the bed.
John rushed to catch up, all hesitation forgotten as the adrenaline pumped in his veins. They darted together along rooftops for what seemed like an eternity before they reached a gap far to large to cross. John looked around, trying to find another way, but before he could move a step, the stranger had grasped his hand again.
"John, breathe slowly," Sherlock was crouching in front of John, blocking his view of anything else. "Just concentrate on breathing."
He knew that wasn't fair, but he wasn't thinking clearly. His chest hurt with every breath and his head pounded as though his very thoughts ached.
, he was so angry! It was unfair. He had already been through this once. Wasn't that enough? Hadn't he already lost enough? Why was this happening again?
Sherlock grunted, glaring at Lestrade. He clearly knew that it had been Lestrade who had just texted Mycroft.
The wounds really weren't bad. The deepest might have done well with stitches, but it would be fine without them and John wasn't keen on trying to stitch with one hand. Though, being left handed made it awkward working with his right hand, he managed his left side quickly and easily enough. When he began on his right side, however, he found that he could only reach the furthest cuts with both pain and difficulty due to his shoulder. He was struggling to even clean the wounds, much less dress them.
He couldn’t objectively describe what was left as anything more than rubble, though, compared to the other crime scenes, the destruction was minimmal. The culprit had sprung this trap out of necessity. He must not have finished setting up the explosives yet. If he had, John would never have stood a chance. But part of the building still stood around where John had been standing. The explosives had been on the other side of the building. There was hope. It was small and tenuous, but there was hope.
Carefully. Oh so carefully, Sherlock pulled his hand back out of John’s shoulder. Then, with a grunt, he threw the damn bullet to the ground toward the dark tunnel.
"Come on," he said quickly, "we need to move. That spell will keep the ghost out for a while, but it won't last forever. It could come back any moment."
Moriarty was right. John had collapsed to the floor and gotten sick again. He was still sitting on jagged glass as well.
Okay folks, we're about to wade into so heavy stuff in the next two chapters. Take care of yourself if you get triggered by sexual assault.
Any moment now an explosion was going to rip through his home and everything he loved was going to be destroyed. He tried to move, but his legs would no longer respond to his commands. And now Sherlock was coming toward him.
He thought about leaving, but found the familiarity of the morgue strangely comforting and instead sat heavily in a chair and rested his head in his hands.
Sherlock stared at Moriarty. Well, at least this would be simple. With only four number, the amount of possible combinations was extremely limited. He would simply go through each of them until he hit the right one.
“Here you go boys,” Lestrade said chirpily as he parked his car in front of 221B. “Let me help you.”
"Well, I'd best get going," John said, taking Mike's hand and shaking it brusquely. "Thanks for your help."
He kept replaying the past few days, since Dr. Azarian told John about the potential for a treatment for his spinal cord injury. He was trying to find a way he could have persuaded John to refuse the surgery. It was an entirely useless exercise, as John had now been in surgery for the past three hours, but he couldn't seem to stop himself.
After the body was removed, Sherlock spent what felt to John like a very long time at the crime scene, seemingly inspecting nothing at all. Then, without a word, he simply stood and left. John stood in the room a moment, leaning on his cane and staring at the door, before he finally realized Sherlock wouldn't be coming back and followed.
There was a knock at the door again and John sighed as Mrs. Hudson flared and whimpered. He stood to answer it and Sherlock's eyes immediately shot to him.
They both tugged the man together up the stairs as the ship lurched more and more violently. When they reached the deck, they could see that the ship had already begun taking on water. One end was clearly lower than the other and the gangway had almost fallen from the land.
“You’ve been keeping an eye on his network,” it wasn’t a question. “I’ll need that information. If I can get to enough of his network, he’s sure to be… annoyed.”
"It means that, when the royal detectives are out of their league, which is always, they come to me. I solve crimes," Sherlock responded.
But then a voice penetrated the fog of panic. It was very soft and difficult to hear, but it was a voice a would recognize anywhere.
When he finally regained his senses, he realized he had been thrown to the ground, had probably sustained a minor concussion, and had been unconscious for at least a few minutes.
Sherlock didn't like the look on his face. He was having trouble interpreting it. He was having trouble interpreting everything. His mind was still muddled. Clouded.
"No," Detective Dimmock said sternly. "I am not about to allow two amateur detectives to interfere with my case."
John makes a mental note to thank them. Maybe a card. Does hallmark make a card for preventing somebody from a suicidal revenge mission?
Sherlock sighed. When exactly was John going to use the truths? Did he think Sherlock would use them? Was he afraid of something?
He had been a marksman, that was clear. Probably military or hired assassin. Maybe both. He had known enough about the human body and injuries to correctly predict how John would react to each of his dares. He had kept him alive, but just so.
