Greg found the right brand and size of diapers, and placed them into the cart along with the rest of the items.  Mycroft had also suggested picking up some new pull-ups for Bunny, given their suspicion that the boy wanted to wear them more frequently.  Greg reached for the same package of Goodnights they generally bought, in boys’ xl.  But his eye caught on the girls’ version next to them on the shelf, and he instead reached for the pink packaging.  He turned to show them to Bunny, expecting the kid to be smiling once more at the thought of butterflies and flowers instead of the stripes and camouflage patterns he usually wore on his pull-ups.
“And I-I didn’t want to have an accident because it was Christmas Eve,” he continued.  “And I didn’t mean to, but I woke up w-wet, and Santa watches on Christmas Eve.  And what if he saw me and thought I was b-bad?”
“It’s been a tough few days, huh, Bunny?”
“Mycroft,” he called for what felt the fifth or sixth time, and luckily he saw the bedroom door opening.
John froze.  Until this moment he had been little more than an observer to little Sherlock.  Now, he was being asked to enter into the arrangement.  He must have hesitated long enough for Mycroft to guess his insecurity.  The man emerged from Sherlock’s room after John heard him assuring the boy he would return in just a moment.  He moved to close the bedroom door, but Sherlock nearly screamed, so he left it propped open and spoke softly when he found John standing in the kitchen, holding Sherlock’s stuffed toy and obviously contemplating whether or not to bring it into the boy.
Uncle Greg nodded and, with a smile, told him they’d get him fixed up in no time.  He lifted Sherlock up onto his hip before turning to Bunny.
“No real harm done, buddy,” he said.  “You all finished?”
“I don’t have to go bad,” Sherlock amended.  He caught himself before claiming to be a big boy; he didn’t think he was young enough yet to need to emphasize his big boy status.
Sherlock yanked the sleeve covering the colorful plasters down further over his hand.
“What if maybe I’m a girl today?” Bunny asked as all once after they had sat in silence for quite some time.  The boy blurted out the words all at once, as if there was only a limited space within which he could say them.
“Okay, My,” Sherlock called after a moment, drawing out his vowels like the petulant child he was.  “One more hour.”
The story wasn’t particularly prolific or eloquent, but Greg had to admit he could tell a pretty good adventure tale when prompted.  Not that the boys were much aware.  They were both asleep within five minutes, sucking their pacifiers as they cuddled comfort items to their chests.
Sherlock ducked his head in a blush, as ever embarrassed by the mention of his youngest headspaces.  But he nodded, and, slipping his thumb into his mouth, shifted to lean against Mycroft.
Thanks for your comments and kudos--it's so wonderful to hear that you're enjoying these stories and that some of you are gaining comfort/general happiness from them.  It's frustrating to me how many people don't realize the community and shared sense of joy that can come from fanfiction.
Bunny was pliable in the warm water as Mycroft maneuvered his body, his pacifier ever in his mouth until Mycroft coaxed it out to properly wash the boy’s tear-stained face.  When Bunny’s eyes lingered behind his shoulder, Mycroft turned to realize Sherlock was still just outside the doorway, shifting his weight from foot to foot.
“There are far better ways to gain my attention than self-harm, string bean,” Mycroft said, allowing himself to feel the pain and guilt of the afternoon now that the explanations had been given.  He truly hated to see his little brother in pain, and he hated that he'd played a part in facilitating that pain.  “You know better than to use these methods.”
“Even so,” Mycroft said.  “He needs to learn not to act out when something is bothering him.”
Downstairs in Mycroft’s presence, the prickling guilt--guilt which had surfaced when he lied to Papa about the juice on the carpet--intensified.  He was worried Mycroft would deduce his naughtiness with a single look, and the disappointed sigh the man gave after asking Sherlock where his Papa was caused Sherlock to sink into himself, vowing to be as unreadable as possible.
“Can we open presents, now?” Sherlock asked when the musical number ended, turning over his shoulder to sigh at Mycroft and Greg.  He’d been asking since they’d arrived to find a stack of brightly-wrapped gifts Greg had left for the boys under the tree, impatient and tetchy as only young Sherlock could be.
“It’s okay, bud,” he said, finding himself quickly slipping into endearing nicknames in an attempt to help John free himself of some of his clearly mounted up anxiety.  “You’re welcome to give it a try.  Sherlock could certainly benefit from socializing with someone his own age for a change.”
adorable bunny pajamas I found online--how perfect would they be for our little Bunny? I may just have to buy them for myself if I have anything left over after my next paycheck :)
The boys splashed and swam and laughed for nearly an hour and a half before Greg and Mycroft called them in for lunch.  They had packed sandwiches in a cooler, and the boys sat on their beach towels, dripping lakewater as they scarfed down peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and grapes and drank from juice boxes.  Sherlock began explaining the game they'd been playing.
“I should’ve held off on the charts,” he said, regretting that, in his eagerness to have the boys back, he may not have been very tactful in introducing the plan for potty training.  “He obviously wasn’t in a place to appreciate them.”
He gasped, realizing what he’d just said, and looked up at his Daddy with wide eyes.  He was tired and his throat hurt and his head was pounding.  He wanted to get out of timeout so he could hold Willa the bunny and his rescued baby blanket and curl up until Papa was home.
“Those voices are meanies,” Sherlock said, and Mycroft could not help but chuckle and agree.
“What do we say about Sherlock’s rules?”
“Buddy,” Mycroft said, rubbing the boy’s back.  “You know you’re not a bad boy for having an accident.”
Greg clearly did not believe John when he denied needing the loo, and John could understand why, particularly when, after another moment, John stuck a hand between his legs and held himself.  There was a baseball-sized wet patch on his pajama pants which John was trying to hide by lifting his knees up towards his chest on the couch.
“You called me, Mycroft,” he said.  “What the hell do you want?”
“Bunny, you don’t need--” Mycroft began.
‘Rudolph the Red-Nose Reindeer’ date back to the 1939 children’s book of the same name…” Sherlock rambled on, mouth full.
Bunny wanted to try on the other costumes.  There were capes and crowns and tailcoats and a jester’s hat, all of which were fancier and more colorful than the drab pirate’s clothing Sherlock had made him wear.  Sherlock’s game was violent and complicated and had gone on for far too long.
But when Mycroft lifted John and placed him on his feet, heading towards John’s overnight bag to begin unpacking, John froze.  He could feel the pull-up between his legs.  And he was damp.  Not only that, he still had to pee.  Badly.
“If you’re crying, then I’m stopping the timer, Sherlock,” Mycroft warned, placing his fingers on the dial.  Sherlock sucked up the tears and, with a furrowed brow, turned back around towards the wall.  Mycroft let the timer remain ticking on the table.
Mycroft doubted Sherlock had gone to the loo since the night before.  Road trips and Sherlock’s bladder were not friends; Mycroft had learned from a very young age to be observant when in the car with his little brother.
“I’m not a buddy, anymore,” Bunny said, taking Mycroft’s offered hand.  “Uncle Greg said I’m a princess!”
I hope you're all having a great week--sending Bunny kisses :)
“One second,” Sherlock called again, knowing it was only a moment before Papa took more drastic measures to get the door open.  Sherlock wasn’t allowed to lock doors when he was young, not with his history of self-harm.  “Be right there!”
In no time at all, Mycroft was carrying a dry and dressed Bunny downstairs to the dinner table, where his clean baby blanket and stuffed lion were waiting for him.  Mycroft sat in his seat and breathed a sigh of relief.  His little bunny was clean and warm, and his little brother was happy--Mycroft could hear him giggling in the kitchen as Greg did funny voices to entertain him.
Sherlock sat up eagerly, twisting over his shoulder to smile at Greg.
Papa nodded, and Sherlock whined again.  He knew he should have changed out of the wet pull-up.  He’d had diaper rash before, had suffered through the biting pain and the irritation.  He hated it; it made him feel like such a baby when Mycroft had put rash cream on him.
But the boy hesitated, suddenly dropping his eyes and looking a bit shy.
“You were right about John not being ready for a crime scene,” Greg said with a resolve Mycroft knew meant trouble.  He glanced into the bedroom once more before turning to meet Mycroft’s gaze.  “The kid got into a fist-fight with Anderson.”
The kid was too cheeky for his own good, and Mycroft cast him a warning glance reminding him to keep his sass in check.  He sighed; he’d known Greg was prepared to spoil the kids with every Christmas treat imaginable if it meant they were happy for Christmas night, but there had to be rules drawn somewhere.
Greg began at the place he felt the most certain.
Thanks for all of your lovely comments on the previous chapter, loves! I finally had a day off, so I was able to work on a new chapter for all of you.  This story is coming to an end (probably only one or two more chapters), but I already know what I'd like the next story of focus on (we get a bit of a hint in this chapter), so I'm generating ideas and beginning to plan.  Bunny's gender identity will still be explored in new stories, but it won't be the main focus of them in the way it was throughout this story.  Let me know if there's anything else regarding Bunny's gender identity that you'd like to see before this story finishes up!
He pulled the duvet off of his face just enough to look out at Papa with one eye.
John was tentative about being included; it was clear Mycroft was attempting to make Sherlock comfortable with John’s presence while he was little, but John had not yet imagined just what role he would play in the relationship between Mycroft and little Sherlock.
“I-irrational,” Sherlock said, stumbling over the word before ducking his head and fiddling with the hem of his shirt.
Sherlock nodded, and it was concerning to John that the man turned away, not able to watch.  Normally, Sherlock was intrigued by medical procedures; every time he experimented on himself he became obsessed with the results to the point that he often pushed himself to dangerous levels.
Sherlock hugged his arms around himself and shrugged, eyes downcast to the footwell of the car.  He shifted where he sat, his bladder full and his bottom sore from the spanking.
"You're John's daddy?" Sherlock asked, but his throat felt tight, and he already felt he knew was Uncle Greg was going to say.
Sherlock moaned, free hand clutching the sheet below them as he begged John to press harder, to move faster.  John could feel wetness on his hand, trickles of urine leaking as the diaper was squeezed and shifted, and it made his own arousal rise.  He could feel Sherlock hard in the pull-up, could tell by the man’s desperate gyrating that he was more than enjoying himself.
This chapter is LONG, and I'm not entirely happy with it, so I may come back to edit a bit after re-reading. I thought about splitting it into two, but it's all in Mycroft's perspective, so it seems to make the most sense to keep it all together.  Warnings for more tears than I've probably ever written into one chapter.
“Do you want a funny pirate sticker, ‘Lock?” Bunny was asking beside him, oblivious to the tension in the room.  “Or a pretty red dinosaur? Or this cool blue dinosaur?”
“You should be with your family, Greg,” John said, a long way from sharing such a cavalier attitude.
The tiles in the kitchen were cold against his bare feet.  He wished Daddy would pull him into his lap and help him into some cozy socks.  But Bunny hadn’t done a very good job of telling Daddy what he needed that day.  In fact, he’d mostly signalled to Daddy that he didn’t want to be touched, pulling away from him when he tried to kiss his forehead or rub his back, so it was no surprise that Daddy couldn’t tell he wanted to cuddle.
“I need us to be okay,” John said.  “I need…”
Greg seemed to reluctantly agree, and he hit play again on the film.
His father had never left motel rooms easily; John often attracted quite a few onlookers as he wrestled his belligerent father--screaming threats and curses and often lashing out physically--into the back seat of the car.  He’d found the role reversal ironic even then: a fifteen-year-old with only a learner’s permit driving his drunken father--passed out in the back seat--home.  He always drove the speed limit and follow the traffic laws, even if his father was conscious enough to jeer and yell at his over cautious driving.  The consequences wouldn't have been good for either of them if John were ever to have been pulled over.
“Just let me get dressed, and then I’ll help in whatever way I can.”
He had taken Mycroft upstairs, insisting they give the boys their alone time to chat after the cuts on Sherlock’s hand from the broken window had been cleaned and bandaged, albeit not without complaining from a still disgruntled Sherlock.
“Do you need your Daddy?” Sherlock tried when John did not respond, possibly misunderstanding John’s thoughtful silence with distress.
Sherlock somehow sensed when John had finished wetting, and, moving his hand and guiding John on top of him, he again raised his hips.  The bulk of Sherlock’s soiled pull-up pressed John’s against him with a wet squish, and John nearly came right then.  They moved slowly this time, Sherlock rolling his hips tantalizingly slow as John’s eyes slipped closed and leaned into the pressure.  John was barely conscious of his own whimpering, overcome by the sensory overload of it all.
“I forgive you, Sherlock,” John said, hugging the man to him as he rubbed between his shoulderblades.
“I had rather hoped he would have come to us himself, by now,” he said, glancing at the shiny sticker on Sherlock’s training chart glimmering from the fridge, a sticker which professed Sherlock’s dishonesty, something Mycroft very much resented.
“Didn’t like ‘em laughing,” Bunny said as Greg wiped tears from his cheeks.  “Wasn’t nice.”
“My little brother very rarely dwells in honesty,” Mycroft said, a pithy quip he couldn’t help but speak aloud with a quirked eyebrow.
“Greg, what’s he on about, then?” Mycroft asked, clearly not yet understanding the gravity of the situation.
But Mycroft was wary of this quickly-shifting mood from John.  Just half an hour before, and,  Mycroft assumed, just moments before while talking to Sherlock, he had been fully adult.  It was abnormal for John to be settling back into his little bunny self without any of his usual hemming and hawing about age play.
And then Sherlock was shifting them, guiding John to lay on his back in the space Sherlock had just vacated.  He took the man’s pajama pants by the waist and began pulling them off slowly.  John raised his hips to allow Sherlock to pull them off completely.  Sherlock dropped the pajama pants to the floor and then situated himself over John, shifting one thigh until it was carefully pressed against the pull-up, just between John’s legs.
“Little Sherlock
Thanks as always for reading, commenting, and leaving kudos!  The next few chapters after this one are some of my favorite that I've written so far--looking forward to posting them in the next day or so!
“Stop, Uncle Greg!” Bunny called, giggling.  “I have to potty!”
“I wet my pants,” he mumbled.
Mycroft kissed the boy on the forehead.  Before he turned away, he removed a pacifier from John’s nightstand drawer and offered it to the boy.  John whined but accepted it into his mouth and began sucking after a tentative moment.  The whine dissolved into a sigh of contentment.  He opened his eyes for just a moment to look up at Mycroft.
“I can swing you back to Mycroft’s when we’re finished here,” he said, conveying far more with his concerned look than he did with his words.  “It’s been a long morning.”
“Morning, princess,” he said.
Sherlock knew Mycroft cared for Uncle Greg, that they loved each other the way moms and dads loved each other.  Mycroft wasn’t Sherlock’s dad, but he was Bunny’s, and because Bunny was Sherlock’s brother it was almost like Mycroft was his dad, too, except his brother-dad.  But Uncle Greg wasn’t a mom, and although Sherlock knew he wanted Uncle Greg to be a more special part of the family than just an Uncle, Uncle Greg couldn't be another Dad, because Mycroft was already Bunny's Daddy.  He shrugged.
Sherlock shrugged, shifting himself a bit closer to John.  They spoke low although they knew they were the only ones in the flat, as if reveling in the intimacy of the moment.
Greg rubbed Bunny’s back and waited for the tears to abate.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John warned.  Yet there was a smirk emerging even as John rolled his eyes at Sherlock’s presumptuous deducing.  This was his old Sherlock, back to teasing and self-assured statements.
Greg stripped the bed quickly, pleased to see there was not too much of a stain on the mattress.  The cleaner they had brought along just in case had already been used on the mattress in Sherlock’s bedroom that Bunny had wet during naptime the day before, and Greg found it quickly took care of the small stain on the master bedroom mattress as well.
Being alone with his brother always reminded Mycroft of their earliest days ageplaying.  Sure, they were both far more confident in their roles than they had been while bumbling their way through the trial-and-error of their earliest scenes, back when Mycroft had practically been a kid himself and Sherlock was a very angry little, but there was still the contented history of their shared experiences and the extreme trust that came from the history of Mycroft looking after Sherlock.  Mycroft had been there for his little brother in the past, and he would do everything in his power to ensure that he would be there for him in the future, guarding him against the monsters of his own mind.
John swallowed an impending wave of fresh tears.
“It’s not as easy as all that, Sherlock,” he said.  “I’m not sure, ah, where to begin, exactly.”
They had by now had a bit of time to process the drama of the weekend at the lake, albeit not as much as was probably necessary, and John, for one, was feeling tentatively optimistic about the overall progress they had all made as a foursome.  But there were lingering questions and concerns that still needed to be aired--between him and Sherlock in particular.
“We’re both big boys, now,” Bunny said, leaning his head on Sherlock’s shoulder as he pointed first to Sherlock’s sticker and then the two stickers on his own chart.
His adult mind rationalized that Mycroft had surprised him with the spanking because he’d likely wanted to get the punishment over with before they left Baker Street.  It was likely his thought that a spanking at Baker Street could put a full stop to the events of the past few days, could put an end to the most recent unpleasantness and pave the way for a fresh start once they arrived at his flat.
Enjoy this chapter.
"Ok, You can come in-" Sherlock barged into the lounge. There was a clearing in the middle where all the furniture should have been, and the room was lit by at least 50 candles. Sherlock noticed the stereo was brought down from John's room and now sat on a little table.
While Sherlock cleaned the dishes he heard John open and close several cupboards and drawers, but he had no idea what his boyfriend was looking for.
John snuggled deeper into Sherlock's shoulder, breathing in the taller man's scent. A mix of chemicals, lavender, and after-shave.
"I love you too."
“Hello. I’m Mike Stamford, your social worker. We’re going to try and be as fast as we can so I can get you kids somewhere, so I need you to answer as truthfully as possible. Alright?” John and Harry nodded. “First, can you tell your names and ages?”
Mike’s car was much like his office, small, and slightly unorganized. John and Harry sat in the back seat, not knowing if they should say anything. After only about five minutes of silence, Mike turned on the news. BBC. Something about suicides and Scotland Yard. John let it become back round noise, but then he heard a name that caught his interest.
"Well, I believe we're all needed for pictures." Mycroft got up too, and left the new married couple together in the shade of the quaint gazebo.
The preacher stepped forwards in between the two newly-weds and broke the moment again. "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you Dr and Mr Watson-Holmes." The upbeat music they had chosen started playing as people cheered, and the two men grabbed each other and kissed as passionately as possible without letting it lead to more physical activities. They pulled away and walked back down the aisle, hand in hand, towards the little gazebo where they were going to sign the papers.
"Oh yeah, it should be great. Now let's do the invitations, if you're quiet and work well, I'll treat you."
"I'm starved, what'd you order?" John broke away and went to the oven.
"My husband is so cute." was all John could think, and he wasn't wrong. Sherlock was wrapped in his own cocoon of warmth, shaded from the daily horrors they dealt with.
Enjoy.
"Well, I'm sure I could deduce it, it's simply a matter of-"
Again, I'm sorry this chapter is so short, I don't have much time for writing, and once the story actually starts, the chapters should be longer.
I finally found time and motivation to write the new chapter. Sorry it took so long. For most of August, I was in England and then when I got back, I had to move. I hope you all like it!
I finally found time to write another chapter. This one hasn't passed through my Beta em0rion (thank you) so if any of you see any mistakes that should definitely be changed e-mail me at sherlockfanficitonacc@gmail.com
"Well, it was fairly interesting. I don't understand how daft I was. The whole time it was obviously the sister, but I never saw the clues..." John really tried to listen, but he couldn't help but notice the way Sherlock's curls shook when he talked, and how his eyes glittered when he talked about the exciting parts of the case. He let out a contented sigh.
"Is this your witness?" The preacher gestured towards Mycroft.
"I... I love you." John blushed.
John had started unpacking his few belongings and moving blankets off of the couch but he now stood in the middle of the room holding a small piece of paper. Sherlock walked over to where he was standing and loomed over John’s shoulder to look at what he was holding. It was an old picture of a young woman who wore a smile just like John’s and her eyes were blue like his. Her hair was brown instead of John’s golden, but she was very clearly his mother. John must have sensed Sherlock looking over his shoulder because he quickly wiped his face and put the picture in his trouser pocket. John stepped away and went back to moving blankets. Sherlock picked one up from the pile on the floor and folded it. He did the same thing with the next one, and the next one, his thoughts occupied by every single action John had made that day. Simple name, not so simple person.
'I should've--' Greg continued.
'And how do you know--?'
Another movement behind him and Holmes's breath was once more against his skin, warm, almost inviting, ‘Good,’ he said, voice so low it was a panther purring, then he stood up and John could hear him walk away to the door, ‘Some rules can be
'And, please, do sit down,' the merchant told John.
The merchant raised his eyes from the book. 'You know I can speak the Common Tongue quite well, right?'
H's voice interrupted his thoughts.
This chapter had already been written down when I published the first yesterday, and now I'm in the process of writing the third. I'm quite on schedule, and I hope I'll be able to deliver the next few chapters in the next days.
. The first victim on the field was he.
‘You seem distracted,’ Mike went on.
John didn’t move. John couldn’t move. He was there, looking, feeling every shift in Holmes’s position, every touch, and every breath. Inside his head, two sides battled fiercely: a part of him screamed
and the other yelled
Thanks for reading and sorry if it was less hot than the previous, but I needed a bit of build-up ;)
John didn’t answer.
‘What are you doing?’
Still, John managed to pull away. He gathered his books faster than he had ever thought to be possible for a human being, avoided Holmes’s gaze, and left the room. He caught a last glimpse of Holmes reflected in the windowpane. He was standing behind the desk, his shirt still open, and he smirked at him. John run away.
John didn't listen to the man and followed the woman. No matter what, those three kids needed food. And John's mission was to give them food. But the merchant's words were prophetic: she turned around the corner only a second before John did, but she was nowhere to be seen a second later. John looked around, baffled.
'I'm sorry,' John said, not having better words. ‘I’m sorry.’
He had tried to explain, of course he had tried.
'What?' John said.
But she didn't finish her sentence. She threw the rag she was holding on the ground and immediately left the stand.
He walked away before John could say anything, before he could even react to what happened. He left John on his knees on the floor, his cock still hard, cold come on his lips, down his chin. John felt like he had dreamt everything. He tried to ignore his aching erection, zipped his trousers up, and picked up his mobile.
Now that Holmes had taken two steps back, John felt safer, and he was about to angrily ask Holmes if he had been spying on him, but he bit his tongue. He was already with one foot in the grave. He was not going to bury himself in it voluntarily.
John opened it, Mary's handwriting unfolding before his eyes.
John licked and sucked, his neglected hardness leaking hot come as Holmes pounded John’s mouth harder and harder. His rhythm was steady: he held John’s head strongly, pulled it towards his groin, and bucked his hips forward at the same time, until he lost it. John felt Holmes’s cock twitch on his tongue, and Holmes’s hands pulled his hair. He came in hot spurts into John’s mouth, down John’s throat. He didn’t pull away until the last drop was spilled and his cock softened.
(See the end of the chapter for
for the mission.'
. It was a bubble that suddenly burst in the deepest recesses of his brain.
'It's better than living in the East right now. And I never quite liked the ocean in the north.'
John stared as flames engulfed the black stone, saw the stone disappear behind a wall of red. Then the High Priest's magic engulfed red with white, brighter than the brightest star. In less than the blink of an eye, the sarcophagus was gone, Mary was gone. With it, gone was John's world. The only thing left: the smell of burnt roses and their black ashes on the white floor. And Rosa, his daughter, crying in Lady Hudson's arms, as if for a glimpse of a second, in her white innocence, she understood the sadness of life.
'Yes,' he said. 'Sorry, it's just a habit I got here, else most people will not understand.'
Throwing himself on the bed, he wondered how H had managed it. She had skills unknown to him. Sure she had been doing that job and living that life for a long time, and John was just an ordinary warrior with no aptitude for heroic quests, but it gave him a sense of utter powerlessness.
John had waited for him to stand up again, had turned around and had hugged him.
As the door clicked shut behind Greg's back, John collapsed on the nearest chair. H stood still waiting for words that didn't seem to come. And truth was that John had no idea why he had sent the others out, had no idea about what he wanted to ask, had no idea why he was still clinging so hard on his wife's memory. And he was confused, and sad, and angry. And it burnt like a volcano had just poured tons of magma on him.
Hopefully, I'll be able to write the next chapter soon-ish, but I've got exams and books to read, so I can't make promises. But I promise I'll try my hardest to give the chapter to you :)
Leave kudos/comments if you like, but you've been all fantastic with all those wonderful kudos, so I'm not begging for more :)
Now that he had finally reached Ossabella, the capital city, he was having the umpteenth discussion about food with a woman. Her Common Tongue was broken and he had a hard time understanding what she was saying, but the heart of the matter was always the same: she didn't want
The High Priest entered the chapel. He wore the mourning long white robe which hid his features from neck to toe and held the sanctified stick in his right hand. Behind him walked three young acolytes, their whole figure hidden underneath a silver tunic which left only the eyes visible. They all held torches that flickered weakly in the motionless air. It was a procession of living ghosts.
'I won't kill her, for the Ancient's sake!' John shouted. 'But I need to talk to her.'
. Something that transpired from his smug grin, from the way he spoke, from his ice blue eyes (and why was he noticing the man’s eyes anyway?). They reminded John of the ice-covered peaks surrounding his hometown. And, like the old legends of his country about glaciers, the man's eyes seemed to possess a
'My name's John, ma'am,' John said. 'Nice to meet you.'
.' She fiddled with her pocket and extracted a yellowish piece of paper folded in four. She handed it to John. 'If you don't believe me.'
'Well, thanks.'
The woman opened her eyes wide, evidently shocked. 'How dare you! You...'
Greg hadn't listened.
. Now that Mary was no more, John had gone back to using Rosa. It was less painful to utter.
John believed it. Mary loved stories of far-away lands, exotic places she wanted to visit but couldn't, both the war and the title binding her to her country. Not that she didn't love her country; she would have given her life for it - which, ironically, she had ended up doing. But John remembered her utter envy when he had told her of the Walimere Lakes and of the Ossian Wood up in the Mountain Territories.
'What?'
. And she's dead! Dead!'
'I didn't. A woman gave them to me. I don't know her name - she has a stand up there, about five minutes from here.'
"Yeah, love?" John blinked, but kept his eyes on his lover's.
"So, the book changed you that much, hey?" John couldn't help admiring the wild look of passion in Sherlock's eyes. Their normal iciness was replaced with a determined burning.
"How much of that's true?" Sherlock turned to him winked and whispered.
Sherlock picked up a pen and signed. John noticed his hand was a little shaky, so he gently squeezed his thigh. When Sherlock was done, John signed. And the preacher was right, that was all there was to it.
Sherlock didn't disagree and left willingly. Molly drove him to the little meadow, where people were seated or milling about. She squeezed his hand in reassurance, and he didn't let go.
“How old do you reckon he is?” Sherlock opened his eyes, and the bright light from a torch shot a jolt of pain ringing through his head. Whoever was holding it quickly pointed it towards the ground, leaving Sherlock blinking spots from his eyes. When he could finally see again, he sat up and evaluated the people in front of him.
“The police said the poison was self administered though.” Harry rolled her eyes at Mike’s comment.
The new boy’s hand was slightly clammy, but his warm smile made up for it. He introduced himself as John, simple name, simple person. When the handshake ended, John looked around the room that prior to this day, Sherlock had had to himself.
"Good," Sherlock stood up and pulled John up with him, "then you'll be chuffed."]
People milled about, and came up to congratulate John and Sherlock. Since both of Sherlock's parents were dead, and John's weren't there, there were no "final dances", just first ones. The music started playing, a slow waltz and John dragged Sherlock out to the clearing where the tables used to be. Sherlock having longer arms, wrapped them around John's waist, and John rested his on Sherlock's hips. They stepped in the steps they had been rehearsing for months. Some people even teared up, and John felt a tear drop onto his head. Sherlock was crying too. Sherlock kissed his head. John hugged him tighter.
“Stop, My,” Sherlock said, jerking his head away in an attempt to keep his face from the scratchy towel.  But Mycroft crooked a finger beneath his chin, tickling his neck, and Sherlock relented, giggling until his face was clean.
“Bunny’s sad,” Sherlock said, sitting uncharacteristically calm, his eyes wide.  He seemed as surprised as Mycroft at Bunny’s little outburst.
“Can’t yet,” he said.
“You’re doing so well,” Sherlock said with another slow roll of his hips.  “Just like that.”
But Sherlock hadn’t been very good about sticking to the rules of potty training, and more often than not his rows were filled with x’s instead of checks.  The early promise he’d shown seemed to have dissipated by the time he got to his second go-round.  Although he tried his best to please Mycroft, eager to make him proud and to prove he was a good teacher, more often than not he achieved only disastrous results.  What made Sherlock think this time would be any different?
“Pull-ups,” he mumbled.  “Pacifier.  Brought them.”
Bunny nodded.  Greg could tell by the way they boy’s thumb began gravitating towards his mouth that the conversation had made him nervous.  He hated having to stifle the kids, and he wished there were some way to prepare them for being out in public while in headspace without underhandedly encouraging them to stay quieter and more inconspicuous than usual.  But people could be cruel, and the last thing he wanted was to see his boys mistreated.
“Bunny? Are you okay?”
“Itchy, Daddy,” John said when they were nearly finished, wiggling where he stood and plucking at the wet fabric at his crotch.
Sherlock’s eyes widened a bit and, after a moment, he shook his head.
“Oh, sweetheart,” Mycroft said.  “I’m sorry for that.  I know you’re not a baby.  It’s just that sometimes I can’t help but think of you as my littlest boy, and that means you’re my sweet baby.”
Hope you're all doing well--sending love and bunny kisses!
Greg was speaking before John had even finished the last sentence.
“Okay,” he said hesitantly, sticking the aforementioned sore thumb into his mouth.
John blinked hard in an attempt to come back into himself.  He allowed Greg to help him sit up, then glanced towards the window.
“Just listen to what he has to say,” Greg said.  “Let him know you hear him.”
Thanks for your kudos and wonderful comments!  Special shout-out to Pantera72 for reminding me of the ways John would more than likely react to Sherlock's distress, which allowed me to up the stakes for Mycroft and Greg in this chapter.
“Good boy for telling me, Bun,” Mycroft said as he lifted the boy from the soiled bed.  "That's okay."
“What would you like me to do?” Greg asked when they pulled apart.  “I can stay here and keep watch until he’s ready to come out.  Or it might be possible to get in through one of the windows if I climb up onto the roof of the back porch.”
“I want Daddy!” Bunny wailed.
“Can I be small for just a little bit?” Sherlock asked, tentative.  “And then you’ll help me get big again?”
“Good boy,” Daddy said.  “Papa and Daddy will be proud of you no matter what, okay, kiddo?”
He was typing away without pause, and Mycroft could see he was switching between crime chatrooms he frequented when bored or in need of distraction.  Already feeling the let-down of the case, then.
Mycroft sighed, but continued to rub his back as he rocked them back and forth.
He could tell the call was connected, could see the time of the call ticking by the seconds when he pulled the mobile away from his ear.  But Mycroft was not speaking; there was silence on the other end of the line.
“Exactly, smart boy.”
Bunny didn’t cry, however, and Mycroft worried that John’s previous experience with injury as well as his ability to stoically deal with lingering, chronic pain would render the spanking ineffective.  His fears were put to rest, though, when, as soon as he was let up, the boy clambered into Mycroft's lap and pressed himself into his arms, mumbling apologies, desperate for affection.
“‘Lockie,” Mycroft whispered as pans clattered behind them.  “I think it’s best if we take a little break from potty training for the rest of the night, don’t you?  I think you’re a bit too little right now to worry about using the loo.”
John nodded slowly, then raised his arms to Mycroft, signaling that he wanted to be picked up.  Generally, Mycroft carried John up to bed, but it seemed now that the boy just wanted to be held.  Mycroft wasn't sure just how long he would be able to hold the man on his hip, but he lifted him without a second thought and let John wrap his arms around his neck.  The boy was far more clingy than Sherlock had ever been and probably ever would be, but Mycroft found it adorable, although a bit worrying if indicative of John’s current mental state.
“I thought…” Mycroft said, clearly not having prepared for a scenario where John was big.
Bunny nodded and hurried into the bathroom while Uncle Greg lay Sherlock on the end of the bed and pulled down his pants.  He reached over Sherlock’s head for the stuffed dinosaur Sherlock had gone to sleep hugging, and placed it into his arms.  Sherlock was so busy asking his dinosaur what he’d missed while he napped and what they should do with the rest of the afternoon that he barely noticed Uncle Greg changing his diaper and wiping him down.  It was only as Uncle Greg was taping him into a new diaper that he got impatient, and Uncle Greg had to hold him down to fasten the tapes at his hips and to keep him from wiggling away.
He meant to begin a conversation about their relationship, meant to bring up events of the past weekend, but Sherlock had been staring, and John had felt suddenly exposed.
“Let’s start here,” Mycroft said, sitting up and taking charge in a way that calmed John’s nerves.  He had been unsure how to begin the conversation that he knew they needed to have, so it was comforting to simply follows Mycroft’s lead.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Lock, I'm right here,” Mycroft tried.
“Something wrong?” John asked.
“We’ll see, Bun,” he said.  “Sherlock will need them again, too, soon enough, and he’s used to the blue ones.”
As soon as he had taken John by the elbow and led him away from the foyer, they were greeted with upbeat shouts announcing Greg’s return, each overlapping the last.
“I’m not a baby!” Sherlock spat.  He slammed his fork onto the table, suddenly angry that Mycroft would suggest something so childish.
By the time he was cuddled up in Mycroft’s lap as Uncle Greg and Bunny picked a movie for them to watch before bedtime, he felt a bit older, a bit more like himself.  But he was comfortable and his mind was quiet, and he didn’t think there was anything wrong with pretending he was still as small and needy as he had been all day, even if it did mean wearing a diaper when the bigger boy in him said he didn’t need one.  He was safe and warm in his big brother’s arms, and sometimes it felt nice just to be held.
“I meant to tell you sooner,” John managed at last.
“That’s quite enough,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock smirked at the way Bunny’s trousers were dirtied with mud to keep from letting the disappointment in his brother’s voice register.  “You know name calling is not allowed, Sherlock, and pushing is absolutely against the rules.  You owe Bunny an apology.”
“No,” Sherlock said immediately.  “I want you.”
Mycroft waited in silence.  John may have been unsure of Mycroft’s feelings towards him, but he knew to come to him with any big emotions or questions in order to keep ageplay safe and enjoyable for everyone involved.  He simply waited until John was ready to speak.
“I was wrong,” Mycroft said, standing to step closer to John.  “I’ve been holding onto asinine misconceptions and rationalizing them by insisting this was an unhealthy interest on your part.  But this has always had more to do with myself and my own qualms than it has with you, and for that I’m sorry.”
Send me all of your suggestions for the last chapter or two of this story--I'm planning for basically just sappy, sugary Christmas fluff with the boys all back together.
Now that Sherlock had avoided the prospect of the pull-up, he settled back onto the bed and made Mycroft do the work of gathering his things and carrying him out to Mycroft’s waiting car.  He may be slipping down in age, settling back into his younger self, but he would always have a bit of stubborn teenager in him, needy and cunning.
“Like hell you are,” Sherlock said, sitting up and scowling at his brother.
Sherlock seemed to think for a minute, softly suckling on his thumb as he rubbed at one eye.
Sherlock had been right; Mycroft was being a bit of a Scrooge.  Greg’s plans were all rubbing him the wrong way, and he felt a bit overwhelmed by being back home and thrown back into family life with the boys.  He just wished he knew why, exactly.
“Sherlock, hun,” Mycroft said as Sherlock spooned macaroni and cheese into his mouth.  “Can I talk to you for a moment, bud?”
Bunny shook his head into Mycroft’s shoulder.
Greg smiled, releasing tension in his shoulders he didn’t realize he’d been holding.  His brother stood and, yanking Greg from his chair, wrapped him in a hug.
He had been distracted enough in the newness of their trip down to the shore of the lake that he’d at last felt himself fully in headspace.  And so he had reacted to Sherlock’s anger and pushing as Bunny, had wanted Mycroft’s comfort in the aftermath of falling in the mud and losing the frog he had found as only Bunny could want it.  But although Mycroft bundled him up in warm clothes after stripping him of the muddy ones and hugged him to his chest, the sounds of Sherlock’s shrieks had reverberated throughout the lake house; it had been impossible for Bunny to ignore Sherlock’s distress, and thus it had been impossible for his adult worries about his boyfriend to stay hidden.  Bunny had shifted away from Mycroft to hide the fact that he was suddenly not as young as before.  Also unlike Sherlock, who generally took long stretches of time to come out of headspace, John could be brought out of headspace in a mere moment.  The transition that afternoon hadn’t been immediate, but he had been struggling against it ever since Sherlock’s tantrum.
Surprisingly, he received a text back from Greg a moment later.  Mycroft smiled to himself as he opened the picture Greg had sent: Bunny cuddled with his head in Greg’s lap, sucking on a pacifier, face half-hidden by his baby blanket.
Bunny tried to listen.  He tried to do what Sherlock asked as he held him by the arm and dragged him from corner to corner of the attic.  But after a while it was all too much, and soon he stopped moving and stood still, knowing he couldn't hold it anymore.
“I’m sorry, My,” Sherlock sniffled, and Mycroft pat his bum and let him up off his lap.  He brushed the hair from Sherlock’s eyes as the now-slightly-younger boy pulled up his pull-up and re situated his pants into place.
“I didn’t fucking mean to,” the boy said again, and then, sniffling, voice smaller: “I’m in so much trouble.”
“Daddy was just teasing,” he soothed, suddenly realizing in the light of larger problems just how ridiculous he’d been about not letting the kids have a treat before dinner.  “Santa could never be mad over a little accident.”
“That he has,” John said, running a hand across his face.  “And yet, I already can’t wait to come home to the little bugger once my shift is finished.”
Sherlock settled against Mycroft and turned his attention back to the movie.  But one moment he was watching the singing crab and the next moment he was upstairs, being set down in front of the bathroom sink and told to brush his teeth.  He was too tired to do much more than hold his mouth open while Mycroft moved his toothbrush across his molars.
It had been some time since John had cared for a young Sherlock, and he was pleased Mycroft and Greg had been able to pick up the slack while John had been dwelling for longer times in little space.  As much as he loved caring for Sherlock, the quiet nights back at Baker Street shared by the two of them, There were questions he still needed to answer about being little, questions he knew Mycroft and Greg were wordlessly helping him to process by caring for him as attentively as they had over the course of their time at the lake house.
The only trouble they had aside from the tears Sherlock shed occurred just as John was tying off the last stitch, as the front door opened and heavy footsteps accompanied by the clack of a walking stick--umbrella, in Mycroft's case--were heard on the stairs leading to 221b.  Upon the first step, Sherlock tried to jerk his arm away, beginning to stand up, but John held him firmly in place until he could take scissors to the stitch thread.  As soon as he was free Sherlock hurried to hide behind the cabinets in the far corner of the kitchen.
“Good?” Mycroft asked.
“Sherlock,” he said, voice tense, and the detective took in John’s taut stance and immediately nodded.  When Greg’s eyes widened, John worried the dampness he felt in his briefs was worse than he thought, didn’t dare to glance down to confirm his suspicions that there was a wet spot which had begun to soak through to the front of his jeans.
Mycroft’s eye roll was a proper one this time.  He scoffed, pushing himself away from his desk and standing to run a hand down Greg’s jawline with a bemused smirk on his face.
Loves!  It's been so, so long since I've updated!  I am so sorry to have kept you all waiting for so long!  Things have been insane over the past month--training for a new job, getting ready to move to a new location, and a final semester of grad school to finish up.  I haven't been able to write as much as I would like, although I've been thinking up ideas for this story and for A Little Training, and your comments have definitely kept me thinking about this series and all of you lovely humans.
“Alright, then?” John asked, from his place between kitchen and living room around half three.
“How do you know so much about alcohol?” was what he finally settled upon.
“He looked awful when I saw him," Mycroft continued.  "It turned out he hadn’t been eating.  Said he couldn’t bear to face the other students in the dining hall.  He’d been surviving on chips and chocolate he purchased from the vending machines in the student center.  He broke down when he saw me, admitted that he’d…”
“Okay, Bunny,” Mycroft said, a hint of amusement in his voice.  “You can go ahead.”
Bunny’s eyes welled up with tears once more, and he rubbed his runny nose on the sleeve of his shirt.  He was soon gathered into his Papa’s arms, lifted up into the air.
There was a release of tension in the room as Greg chuckled and Sherlock huffed at the accusation that he would wet in the car.  The detective stormed back into the bathroom with a restatement that he was a full-grown adult.  He emerged a moment later, fully dressed in the clothing Mycroft had set out for him--trousers and a white t-shirt--and tossed a spare pull-up directly at John, who caught it before it had the chance to fall into his now empty breakfast plate.
“You were happy here,” John said, watching Greg’s expression as he eyed the trinkets and memorabilia that were the scattered reminders of his childhood.
“Have you met my little brother?” he asked.  “The man can hardly keep himself dry in his day-to-day life, nevermind a night he’s finally allowed himself to slip into headspace after fighting against it for more than a few days.”
The merchant's mouth turned into a knowing grin. 'That's the traditional drink here,' he said. 'You just need some
John reproached himself for having been so blatant.
The ten-minute break ended and so did the messages. John sighed in relief and tried to focus on the lecture while attempting to forget about the messages and about how tight his jeans suddenly were.
John had shaken his head. Greg had bowed before him.
John swallowed. He hadn't expected the question. No, that was a lie. He had dreaded it from the very beginning. He had the answer. He had painstakingly invented a perfectly plausible answer. But until now he had kept away from any company and had never had to tell anyone. And he felt slightly upset he had to suddenly lie. Not that he had any other choice.
'Our man is coming,' Sherlock said, indicating a bald and fat man advancing like a hippopotamus through the crowd. 'Earlier than I thought.'
It was the first time John had ever been there.
Driven by sudden curiosity, John walked to him.
John had slammed the door behind him, leaving Greg alone. That same night he had kissed goodbye to his daughter and had exited the capital.
The man raised his eyes from the book but said nothing.
'So you have news?'
'Food,' said the merchant, rather amused. 'Or do you want to keep eating that
'Oh,' John said, quite unable to understand how Sherlock's plan worked but quite trusting it at the same time.
Of course Mr Holmes could see what he was doing, but the question had given him enough time to step forward and place himself behind John's back.
John swallowed, ‘I don’t.’
And he had nodded, already entranced by those blue eyes which never seemed to rest. Now those eyes rested, shut forever under the cold stone.
When the figure clad in full black walked into the light, John understood why all his concerns had been stupid. H was a woman. And if surprise was on his face, the same could be said for Lady Donovan's and Lord Anderson's faces.
Fun fact: I had both this story and my linguistics essay open in Word, and I was about to post part of my essay instead of this. Which made me think about me sending this story to the TurnItIn system, instead of the essay. I bet the whole English department would laugh at me if I did so. And I probably won't have the guts to show again at any of the lectures...can you imagine the embarrassment?
“Only because you’d slipped those comic books into my duffel bag,” he said.  “Before I found them no one had said more than two words to me.”
Unable to grasp himself, John could not help but wiggle around where he sat.
Greg nodded, then stood from the rocking chair with the boy in his arms.  The boy pointed to the pacifier on the bedside table, and Greg pocketed it, telling the boy he could have it as soon as his timeout was all finished.
“He looked like him,” Bunny whispered, tears spilling over onto his cheeks once more as he pressed his face into Greg’s collarbone.
The room was dark and the space under the blankets warm and comfortable, but Greg could hear one of the boys just outside their bedroom door, and knew he would not be returning to sleep anytime soon.  He forced himself awake with a large intake of breath, propping himself up on an elbow as he allowed his vision to adjust to the darkened room.  In the glow of the nightlight from the hallway bathroom, he could just make out Sherlock’s hunched form hovering in the doorway, stuffed dinosaur dangling from one hand.
“I’ve got you,” Mycroft said, voice soft if still a bit distant.
“Uncle Greg, there’s no toys allowed at the dinner table,” he said, not mentioning but staring with wide eyes at the present which was sitting in front of his place at the table.
The boy was between his middle and little headspaces at the moment, hovering a bit older than the age Bunny generally settled into and yet attempting to keep himself older for the sake of what was either pride or stubbornness, perhaps self-preservation in order to feel less rattled by Bunny's screams.  Mycroft had only been present for two of Bunny's nightmares, and even he had been shaken by them.
“Sorry, mate,” the young man said before continuing towards an open table with his friends, all of whom were wearing identical footie jerseys.
John glanced down and noticed the stain, then, in confusion, reached a hand down to feel his pajama pants between his legs.  Greg could not help but smile at the boy’s innocence.
“What were you thinking?” Greg asked, voice low in volume to keep the kids from waking but harsh in its color.  “You left that boy alone when you knew he was having a rough time of it today.”
The detective had been caught somewhere between childlike troublemaking and adult deducing, and it seemed no one could quite determine on which side to let the statement land.  Mycroft took stock in the fact that John had not denied the statement, wondered just what the man felt about ageplay in regards to himself.  Perhaps he and Sherlock had been discussing new developments to the relationship?  Was it possible John wanted to participate in ageplay in a capacity other than as Sherlock’s caretaker?
“Myc?” Sherlock mumbled, awakened by the movement around him.
Bunny whined in the back of his throat.  Mycroft wanted to force the boy to sit up and speak to him properly, but he knew they were treading on thin ice at the moment, and he needed to move with care.
“I promise to come back just as soon as I can, little one,” Papa said, and Bunny, defeated, nodded an okay.
“Do you want to get your things from your bag before we go?” Greg asked as John climbed into the passenger seat, alluding to Willa and his pacifier, maybe even a pull-up if the kid was feeling a little unsure of himself.
, it read.
Now Greg’s worry was sent into overdrive.  The kid didn’t sound as if he were in his youngest headspaces.  He sounded more akin to his middle or teenaged self, the selves Sherlock was most likely to get in real trouble within.
“You’re wearing a pull-up?” Mycroft clarified, not seeing any wetness spread across the seat or Sherlock’s pajama trousers.
“I wanted to make you feel bad,” Sherlock admitted at last, fiddling with the hem of his shirt and wishing he were wearing his coat, which always made him feel safe and strong.  “I was sad because you were so happy, and Papa and Mycroft were going to make you a princess.”
“Can I pick the movie, Papa?” Bunny asked as he hurried into the bathroom after Greg, dressed in his Little Mermaid nightgown and reaching for his bunny toothbrush.
Bunny shook his head.  If Daddy saw him crying, he’d make him explain what was wrong, and he couldn’t tell him.  Not yet.
“You what?” he asked.
“Ah, alright.  Let’s see if we can’t find it,” John said, standing to gain a better vantage point for searching.
The noise Sherlock was making was enough to cause Bunny to cover his ears and Daddy to flip off the telly entirely.
Greg placed the dosage of medication on the bedside table and flipped on the light beside the bed.  Unfortunately, his elbow caught against the medicine cup he had just rested on the corner of the table, and he spilled the liquid pain medication onto the hardwood floor of the bedroom, just missing the rug placed beside Bunny’s bed.
Sherlock had had enough; he shoved himself out of Mycroft’s lap as he stood from the chair and swiped roughly at his red-rimmed eyes.  It was too much to take, too much to process, and he could do nothing but sink into headspace and into the most selfish version of himself.
Greg turned on the faucet for the boy, who began rinsing off his toothbrush, and nodded, smiling, as he helped Sherlock lean over the sink in order to spit out his own mouthful of toothpaste.
“Had more of an accident,” he whispered, cheeks blazing and eyes wide.
“Not Papa’s fault,” he said, voice quiet around his thumb.  “Told you I was big when I wasn’t.”
There was a gentle knock at the bathroom door, and Bunny tensed in his arms.
“He fell asleep on the way over,” Mycroft whispered when Greg, after hearing the front door open, met him in the foyer.  “I’d guess he hasn’t slept well in more than a few days.”
John hemmed a bit, unsure of himself as he fought to sink back down into his little headspace, but Mycroft began undressing him, and rather than fight it, John allowed himself to settle into the embarrassment until it blurred his thoughts.  He stepped out of his sweatpants and allowed Mycroft to strip him of his jumper and shirt.
It was only after a moment that he realized he may be shifting about out of more than just restlessness brought on by his frustration, and he reached down to press a hand between his legs.  He’d been lying when he’d argued with Papa that he didn’t need to pee before leaving Baker Street an hour or so ago.  Papa had put a hand on his shoulder and, leaning towards him, had asked if he needed to potty before they left.  It had all made him feel like such a helpless baby, and Sherlock had shrugged his hand away and bit back swear words he knew he’d be punished for, then glared as he denied needing the loo.
There was laughter in Mycroft’s voice.  “Exactly,” he said.  “Now, hun, once Uncle Greg gets you all cleaned up, he’s going to tuck you in and read you one story.  It’s past your bedtime and you need your sleep.  I’ll be there when you wake up in the morning.”
The Bunny snuggled back into Sherlock’s side, his stuffed lion clutched in his arms.  He closed his eyes and lifted his thumb to his mouth.
“How did you even get hold of Mycroft’s laptop?”
“That’s perfectly alright,” he said over Bunny’s head.  “You can just be Bunny tonight, Papa and Daddy’s brave kiddo.  How does that sound?”
Sherlock could still feel the darkness whispering in his mind, the negative and even hopeless thoughts waiting in the wings that always came with his bad days.  But, for the moment, he knew as he fell into a deep sleep that he was safe from the loneliness.  And that went a long way towards making him feel as if, in time, everything might feel okay again.
Mycroft had agreed.  He was packed up and shipped off, and Sherlock was left at home, alone.
Mycroft was calling.
“Okay, baby,” he said.  “I’d say someone is more than ready for a nap.”
“You don’t need to thank me,” Mycroft said.  "I want you to be happy, Bun."
“Uh, yeah, thanks,” John said, running a hand along the back of his neck in what he realized too late would be a tell of discomfort.
“I’ll carry him up,” Greg whispered, lifting Sherlock out of Mycroft’s arms and into his own.
They’d been texting periodically over the past day or so, quick updates and the occasional complaint or good-natured ribbing at the expense of Mycroft or Greg.  Sherlock knew John was with Greg--he’d received the picture John sent of Greg’s high school football team, had teased teenage Greg’s long hair, grown nearly to his shoulders--but hadn’t received the full story of why he’d never made it to his sister’s flat.  Neither he nor John were keen on carrying out long conversations through text-message, preferring to reassess and catch the other up in person, where they were free to undersell emotion and shrug away concerns in one of the most dysfunctional aspects of a relationship between two men rather averse to vulnerability.
"It’s been quite some time since it has come to this,” Mycroft said, hand wrapped around the cup of tea resting in front of him on the kitchen table.  His shirt sleeves were rolled to his elbows and he smelled of bubble bath and laundry detergent.  He looked far more ordinary than John had ever seen him before.
Mycroft’s voice was full of laughter.
He was already beginning to piece together what had happened: a failed dinner party souffle or mismatched table setting that had sent Harry questioning herself and her competency, that had sent Harry to the liquor cabinet, rationalizing that one glass of wine couldn’t hurt.  While he had been jostled on the train and waited in the cold, Harry had fallen deeper into drunkenness.
He knew the boy needed comforting, but, after the fear of losing his kid had been followed not by apologies, but by acts of defiance, Greg’s emotions were too volatile to soothe or coddle.  He just needed to focus on getting the kid home, getting him punished and fed, and getting him down for a nap.  Maybe when he woke up and Greg had been able to decompress by processing the situation with Mycroft, he'd be able to have a rational chat with his little princess.
“Remember,” Greg said, guiding Bunny’s thumb away from his mouth by gently pulling at his wrist.  “Your tongue has an owie on it.  No sucking until bedtime.”
Mycroft looked at Greg with the exact look of shock and disappointment Greg had been dreading.
“Need the loo?” Mycroft asked.
Sherlock was close to tears and very clingy, attempting to scamper up into Greg’s arms as soon as Greg was near.  Greg was hoping to get things taken care of as quickly as possible, and that meant keeping himself from getting wet if he could.  He gently guided Sherlock away from him, placing a hand on his shoulder and turning to lead him down the hallway.
Sherlock at long last ceased his tickling, had simply began stroking his fingers along John’s bare stomach in a sort of encouragement.
“Cartoons?” Sherlock asked as Mycroft kneeled to turn on the bath taps.
“Yeah, okay,” he mumbled.
until the boy was breathing gently with Willa tucked beneath his chin and his pacifier between his lips.
He would have yelled much louder when someone said his name if he hadn't had his thumb in his mouth.  As it was, he hissed when, frightened, he bit down, leaving teeth marks along the knuckle.
“I missed you, too, baby,” Daddy whispered, leaning down to kiss the top of Bunny’s head and tucking Willa the rabbit beneath Bunny’s arm.
He ducked behind the door to shield himself when John hurled a pillow after him, then peeked out from behind the door to smirk until John rolled his eyes and told him to stop being so damn cheeky.
Bunny felt uncomfortably childish under Sherlock’s stare, and had the impulse to pull the pacifier from his mouth.  But, needing the comfort and unsure of just how long he’d be allowed to keep his pacifier that day given the sore on his tongue, he simply hid his face behind his baby blanket and sucked harder, hugging his stuffed rabbit--which had quickly begun to hold its own against his blanket as his favorite comfort item--close to his chest.
John and Sherlock were perched on the couch, John watching a game on the telly while Sherlock read from an old novel, sprawled lengthwise with his feet resting in John’s lap.  John was distracted; Sherlock had already poked fun at how tensely he was sitting on the end of the couch.
Mycroft set the completed charcuterie board in front of Greg and eased himself back into the second bar stool.  The ordeals of the day behind them, they teased each other through some good-old-fashioned flirting while they ate far more cheese and pepperoni than was good for them, then retreated with the half-empty bottle of wine to the living room, where Greg lounged with his feet in Mycroft’s lap.
“Well that’s just silly,” Greg said, popping the DVD into the player.  “Who ever heard of a movie being only for a boy or a girl?”
But he couldn’t make the words come out right on the mobile; Papa was with Bunny, which made Sherlock remember the way, back when they were big, John had kissed the healing cuts, had told Sherlock he was proud of the progress he was making, which made his throat tighten and his chest feel heavy.
The night before he had been constantly woken up by Sherlock’s coughing or his own sore throat--both before and after he’d been shoved from the bed and had taken refuge beneath it.  Each time, it had taken him long minutes to fall back asleep, his waking mind consistently drifting to the questions and doubts he’d been contemplating since he’d mumbled to his Papa--who had come to give him medicine in the middle of the night--that he wasn’t a boy.
“Do you need to age up for us to talk, John?” Mycroft asked, appealing to the older side of the man whom Mycroft knew was still always fairly close to the surface when it came to Bunny, something he was continuing to work on with the boy.
He glanced at Greg once more, but then his posture dropped a bit, and Greg knew he’d won for the moment.  Mycroft turned to guide Sherlock into the kitchen.  He looked back at Greg with a raised eyebrow before disappearing around the curve of the hallway.  Greg could hear Sherlock prattling on about dinosaur facts and statistics, and asking for ice cream and cookies.
Sherlock whined in the back of his throat and kicked out his legs, flattening himself onto the mattress once more.  This time, however, there was more pure frustration than manipulation in the act, a sure sign that the child Sherlock was emerging once more.
There was a moment where tears threatened, but Sherlock did not allow them to take over, instead shifting tactics.  If vulnerability wasn’t going to get him his way, maybe naughtiness would.  He tossed his plush alligator and dinosaur onto the ground before reaching to push open the office door and marching inside.  Mycroft was on the phone once more, something Sherlock chose to ignore.
Bunny, when he glanced up, could see as soon as his Daddy stepped into the kitchen carrying Sherlock in his arms that Sherlock was littler than usual that day.  The boy was clingy and whiny, not letting Mycroft place him down in the chair for breakfast unless he could sit in Mycroft’s lap.  He cried when Mycroft took the pacifier out of his mouth, and only ate when Mycroft fed him little pieces of fruit off the end of his pirate fork.
Sending bunny kisses :)
Papa also stood, gathering his empty plate and Mycroft’s.
“Time out, now?” he asked when he’d reached Papa, and it was more of a plea than a question.
“It’s settled then,” Uncle Greg said with a smile as he lifted John into his arms.  “Let’s go get you dressed for the day.”  Bunny accepted the cuddle, burrowing his face against Greg’s neck as he was lifted from the chair.
Sherlock seemed satisfied, and once he was done weeing and had torn off the soaked pull-up, he stood patiently while Mycroft cleaned him up with wet paper towels.  Mycroft had ignored the instinct early that morning which had told him to bring along wet wipes and spare pull-ups, somehow rationalizing that Sherlock would be more likely to slip were Mycroft to prepare for his younger headspaces.  But Mycroft could see now how foolish it had been.  Sherlock was clearly uncomfortable, and all Mycroft could offer him was clean-up with cheap paper towels.
“Look for the man’s employer,” Sherlock said, standing up from where he had been crouched over the body.  “He’ll have a missing finger on his dominant hand, which in this case is his left.  Some sort of carpentry accident, most likely.  He’s your murderer.”
But as Mycroft tested the temperature of the bath water and listened to his youngest sniffle and hiccup through lingering tears, he could not help but shake his head at their hubris.  They hadn’t been diligent enough that afternoon, and now they had a weepy Bunny on their hands and a trouble-making Sherlock certainly in need of a spanking for the way he had behaved towards his little brother.  Any prospect of an easy afternoon after the trouble of the morning had long since disappeared.
“Uncle Greg,” Sherlock said after a minute, “The baby needs his blanket.”
Greg chuckled and helped the boy get his shirt over his head, then gestured for Bunny--still shy and quiet from the events of the morning yet adorably attached to Sherlock--to come closer so he could begin to undress the younger boy.  Sherlock began prattling on about the myriad swim strokes he knew, already beginning to demonstrate how he would teach Bunny as he rushed around the room.
He screamed and flailed for longer than he thought he ever had before, kicking against the wall where he had been set into the corner and hitting at Uncle Greg and Mycroft’s hands when they attempted to steady him.  He was alone, and angry, and no longer able to find the best frogs, and Mycroft liked John better than him, which he didn’t know how to deal with besides yelling and kicking and hitting.
“I snuck down around the back hallway to his office.” Sherlock glanced up at John with a pleased-with-himself self-confidence.  “It wasn’t particularly difficult once I’d made it down the stairs.  He and Greg were too busy joking about Anderson’s likely age regressor tendencies to notice anything amiss.”
“You can be whatever you need to be, champ,” he said, reaching to place his hand over one of John’s.
Sherlock breathed a laugh and hurried out of the room, relief overtaking guilt at the moment.  He’d gotten away with it.  No one had to know he’d wet his pants and the floor, he had on a pull-up so no one would know if it happened again, and they were having his favorite for lunch.  Maybe the day wasn’t quite as bad as he’d thought.
It was only halfway through the movie that John felt the need to pee.  He had found himself squirming a bit, but it was only once he felt in danger of leaking that he realized how badly he needed to go.  He knew he should ask Uncle Greg to pause the movie and let him go pee, but he was hesitant to say anything.
“I’m sure your brother would be happy to help,” he said, glancing across the room towards Mycroft.
.  The images of warzones and battlefields were far from dreams; they were memories.
“Okay?”
Mycroft nodded in approval.  He needed to convince John that what he was feeling was okay, needed to ensure the man felt less conflicted on a daily basis.
“Carry Bunny, too!” he said, wiggling on Uncle Greg’s hip.
“You did, yes,” he said at last, and Sherlock nodded, nuzzling his face against Mycroft where he was resting his head against his thigh.
“Papa was just teasing, kiddo,” Papa said, voice softer as he dropped a kiss onto Sherlock’s head.  “Your drawing is beautiful.”
Sherlock knew that when he was this little, Mycroft could usually be swayed when he put on what their mother used to call his puppy-dog face, all big eyes and pushed out lip.  Bunny seemed to catch on, and in a moment their faces were identical pictures of their cutest pleading.
Bunny stood shifting from foot to foot on the cold tiles of the lino, rubbing sleep from his eyes and waiting for Daddy to get a clean pull-up from beneath the sink cabinet.  But Daddy only took a seat on the closed-lid of the toilet and guided the boy by the wrists to step close until he was standing in front of him between his knees.
Greg nodded with sympathetic eyes.
“I know, bud.  I think you and Bunny may be stuck in bed for the next few days.”
“Where are you?” Sherlock asked all at once, his demanding tone of voice just as easily child as it could be adult, which didn’t help answer Greg’s questions about Sherlock’s headspace.  "I called you before and you ignored me."
“All set,” Mycroft said, pleased to be able to take Sherlock back into his arms.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, voice barely above a whisper.
Mycroft nodded as he shifted to the edge of the chair, gesturing for the boy to come close as he rolled up his shirtsleeves.  He never allotted spankings for self-harm unless the boy specified them as a need, not wanting to cast the boy further into pain if it weren’t necessary.  That said, there were few tasks which could reassure Sherlock of Mycroft’s support and care as quickly and efficiently as spankings, so it was not uncommon for Sherlock to ask for them after the emotional weight that accompanied self-harm.
“I, ah--I’ll just…” John stumbled over his words as he stood from the chair, cheeks tinged pink.  “Sorry.  I’ll leave.”
“I’m not a baby,” Bunny argued, feeling his upset shifting into anger before he could censor himself.  “You’re the baby!”
The water was warmer than Sherlock liked it, but John didn’t mind.  It actually felt nice.
Even so, Mycroft could see that his brother was not in the best place emotionally.  He'd watched his little brother battle depression for years, and although his assurances and the spanking had helped to defray some of the negative feelings for the time being by settling the boy into himself and proving that he was loved, chemical imbalances were tricky to combat.  The feelings of loneliness and sadness which had been triggered by Mycroft's absence the night before during a fearful time for the boy had been more than just general feelings of insecurity.  Even without the circumstances of the previous night, Mycroft could sense it would have been a down day for the boy, one of the not so uncommon days the boy struggled with self-doubt and sadness.  He would need to keep an eye on his brother’s mental state.  Perhaps it was beneficial that John and Greg were out of the house for the time being, no matter Mycroft’s worry over John’s current mindset; at least it allowed him to focus more exclusively on his brother.
It was clear the boy was still very young, and Mycroft feared he was potentially too young to comprehend what Mycroft needed to tell him.
John woke to a gentle hand running across his shoulders in a steady, repetitive motion.  It took him a moment to realize where he was, whose plush dog he was cradling to his chest, and who was responsible for the heavy weight on the edge of the mattress.
Papa seemed to understand that he had hurt Sherlock, and stepped close to rub between his shoulder blades as Mycroft quieted Bunny’s laughter.
Hoping to have a quick one-shot posted later this week over on
Greg, for his part, seemed to have caught on to John’s temporarily adult mindset, and he said little beyond passing John a cup of tea and asking from where he had stationed himself at the cooktop if he’d like an omelet.
“Neither of us showed the best judgement this morning,” Greg said, tone finally softer as he seemed to commiserate with the self-hatred crossing Mycroft’s face.  “I wasn’t exactly the model parent today, either.”
“Uh-huh,” he said.  “For ages and ages.  And then he even made me clean up Bunny’s pee-pee from the floor in the attic.  So, can I not be spanked? Please, please?”
“Missed you, Daddy,” he said.
“Wake up, brother mine,” Mycroft called as he slung open Sherlock’s bedroom door and turned on the light.  “We leave in thirty minutes.”
Greg, to his credit, had taken in the facts without any of the histrionics others might have.  He sat and listened without judgment, a man used to containing his reactions.
“I’m glad you’re here,” Mycroft said.  “And not just because of the boys.”
Mycroft turned and glanced at Bunny’s still full plate.
It had not slipped Bunny’s notice that his Papa had been calling him “kid” and “little one” since last night--no “boy” and not even a “buddy.”  Maybe he would be able to tell Papa how confused he was feeling when Papa came home.  Maybe Papa already knew.
“You will hold my hand or you will hold onto the side of the cart,” Greg said, voice low but firm.  “Otherwise, we’ll stand here all day.”
“A princess?” Mycroft said, turning his surprise at the nickname into playfulness.  “You know, I’ve met a few princesses in my time, but I think you might just be the prettiest.”
Stay strong, lovelies--you're all (all!) intelligent, lovely beings who are valued and worthwhile!
He typed furiously, only stopping for short moments while his eyes scanned the forums.  He’d been manic for nearly the entirety of the last hour and a half, insisting every ten minutes that John check the blog and newspapers for potential cases, suggesting some rather nasty words be sent to Lestrade when he replied to John’s texts that there was nothing pressing at Scotland Yard.
“I am a big boy!” Sherlock nearly shouted, angry at the insinuation that he had acted babyish.
John yanked the duvet off of the mattress into a pile on the floor, then began stripping himself of his wet pajama trousers, which were hanging heavy on his hips.
Although Mycroft felt justified in placing himself at Baker Street to care for the boys, he had not exactly left on the best terms earlier that morning.  He was fairly certain that, had they arrived to find the boys adult, there would have been tension, perhaps accusations.  It had been necessary to leave them when he had, necessary to withhold the truth, but that didn’t mean he hadn’t worried about Sherlock--and, by extension, John--throughout the entirety of the day.
Bunny giggled, having made himself laugh.
Mycroft hummed in disapproval of the destructive behavior, but refrained from speaking, waiting for the boy to go on.
He could hold it.  He didn’t need to get up and go to the loo in the middle of playing like he was some little kid.
Bunny’s nightshirt was decorated with a bright picture of the Little Mermaid.  When Sherlock reached out and began tracing the images, Bunny squirmed a bit and then blinked awake.  His gaze followed down to where Sherlock was touching his shirt, and he pushed himself to a sitting position.
He knew the man was still struggling against the fast-paced jolts of his adult mind, knew that Sherlock was no more child than John at the moment.  But Sherlock was allowing himself the ritual, and, if they were lucky, that might just be enough.
Sherlock had been nearly sick to his stomach, desperate to be one of the boys but afraid he would say the wrong thing or fall asleep sucking his thumb or piss in his sleeping bag.  He was afraid he’d only been invited as a prank, that the other boys would spend the entire night teasing or playing tricks.
“Do you remember how we talked earlier about people acting rude because they didn’t understand something?” Greg asked.
“About that,” Mycroft said, and he gestured to one more grocery bag on the floor.  John peered inside to find a package of disposable bedwetter pants, size xl.  John and Mycroft had chatted about what to do regarding Sherlock’s wetting, and it had been John’s idea to try pull-ups.  He had noticed Sherlock’s piqued interest in them at the grocery store, Sherlock’s eyes lingering a bit too long over the brightly colored packages.
Luckily, it seemed Sherlock was not in the mood to strop, and it only took two requests and one threat of a time-out to get the boy to leave his pirate ship behind and rush to the loo off the hallway to wash his hands.
“You’re sure you don’t want to try, kiddo?” Papa asked after what felt like a moment of hesitation.  “Even a little wee can earn a sticker for your chart.”
He reached a hand down to card his fingers through Bunny’s still-damp hair, trying to soothe the kid.  The boy had been rather non-verbal since they’d arrived home, so Mycroft and Greg were doing what they could to keep an eye on anything he may need.  That said, Neither Sherlock nor John had had much trouble aging down once they’d arrived at Mycroft’s, both having taken the car ride into London to shift into a younger headspace.  It was clear from the way John became vulnerable and clingy almost as soon as they’d closed the front door that it hadn’t just been Sherlock who’d found himself caught between headspaces over the past few days.
Sherlock huffed and stomped a foot, but appeared to acquiesce to Mycroft’s terms.  He left the room with a dramatic sigh and flail of his arms, as if being asked to sit with his family for breakfast was the greatest hardship he’d ever face, and Bunny could hear heavy footsteps on the staircase as he stomped downstairs.
“Would you like me to stay for a time?” Mycroft asked.  “I can bring in a chair.”
“He’s okay,” Greg said.
Sherlock could see that John was typing, but then he seemed to think better of it, and stopped.  Sherlock set the mobile in his lap, trying to ignore the nagging feeling in his chest which signalled that he wanted John at his side, big or small.
John’s phone had long since dinged to tell him he was at less than ten percent battery life, so he did what he could to get the point across as concisely as possible.
Sherlock could feel himself younger than before, less wild in the mind.  But he was still unsure of himself, and anxious about going into a public space.  He knew he would be pulled immediately out of any younger headspace were he to be surrounded by strangers, and then Mycroft’s spanking would have all been for nothing.
Mycroft sighed once more.
Okay, on to the new chapter.  It probably should be split into two and I'm a little self-conscious about the schmexy stuff, but I'm trying to work on my perfectionism, so I'll just let it be for now <3
Mycroft took a seat on the bed, resting his hand on Sherlock's leg beneath the blankets.  “Everyone of all ages has accidents now and then," he said. "And everyone needs different things to make them feel comforted.  That doesn’t make them a baby.  Do you understand?”
After getting a fitful little Sherlock to sleep, Mycroft sits John down to explain the inner workings of Sherlock's ageplay.
The boy was sitting up in bed, stuffed rabbit hugged to his chest and pacifier between his lips.  Even in the dimness of the room, Greg could see that the boy’s cheeks were flushed.
“I’ve got you,” Mycroft said.  “It’s going to be alright.”
Bunny shook his head, then yawned, his pacifier falling out of his mouth.
Following through with the established routine of their usual little days seemed to settle both boys back into themselves rather quickly.  John was allowed to squirt the bubble bath into the tub while Sherlock chose the bath toys and tested the water so that it matched his idea of the perfect temperature, which luckily John never railed against.  John seemed to relax a bit more when he was undressed and the shameful borrowed pull-up (still dry, thankfully--Mycroft didn’t think the boy would have been able to handle two accidents in one day) had been removed.
“Hold up your shirt,” Mycroft reminded when he re-entered the room with wipes and a fresh pull-up.
Mycroft shifted the boy until he was sitting in his lap, Bunny’s legs draped over the side of the bed.
And suddenly he wanted to let go voluntarily, to soak the pull-up so much that it leaked all over the seat.  He wanted to feel the release, wanted to slip down further and make Mycroft or Uncle Greg clean him up and calm his tears and maybe even chastise him or spank him again for waiting too long and not using the potty like a big boy.  His bum was sore and red from Mycroft’s spanking; he already felt like such a little boy.  But his adult mind was encroaching, ready to yank him back up out of headspace and leave him with nothing more than shame and questions and self-loathing.
Bunny whined a bit and leaned forward to hide his face in Greg’s chest.  Greg placed a hand on the back of the boy’s head to comfort him.
I'm not sure how I feel about this chapter, as it went in directions I was not anticipating, but you lovelies deserve an update.  It is mainly John/Bunny-angst and a frustrated Greg dealing with a bit of Mycroft's tendency towards close-mindedness.  I keep setting out to write cuteness and end up with angst, but I promise the next chapter or two will be a bit less stressful for our boys considering the biggest issues Sherlock and John (and, by extension, Mycroft and Greg) have been struggling with have almost all worked themselves out.  Things should go back to normal, and they should be dealing with nothing more than the everyday issues that come up in little space for the rest of the trip, which I'm looking forward to.
Mycroft accepted the mug and nodded.
Sherlock was sinking into himself, growing further contemplative as he began to piece the scattered hints of information into understanding.
John continued stroking the boy’s back even after he could feel the steady rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest signalling that he had fallen asleep.  If anyone had any doubts about little space being beneficial for Sherlock, they only had to see how much easier it was for Sherlock to fall asleep when young, and John knew they would never doubt again.
Mycroft tapped him on the bum to signal that he should go take what Bunny was offering, and Sherlock smiled slightly as he accepted the pacifier into his mouth.
He half-listened as Greg continued, taking comfort in the man’s voice but not having the energy to follow his train of thought explicitly.  He was relieved Greg hadn’t asked questions.  He didn’t feel up to explaining that he’d been waiting for close to four hours, or admitting that Harry had let him down once more, or pretending he wasn’t hurt by it all.
“Bun,” Greg said when the boy’s sobs had dissipated for the moment.  “Look at Papa, please.”
Mycroft shushed him, rubbing his back.
“Damn,” Greg said, shaking his head.  “Let’s hope forensics can give us something new.”
“Don’t need them,” Sherlock insisted, pulling out a pair of his cartoon dinosaur briefs and beginning to yank off his boxer briefs.  “I’m a big boy.”
Hi loves!
He gritted out numbers nine and ten before begging Mycroft to stop.
He was wiped down and dressed in a clean pair of Harry Potter cartoon briefs in a few quick moments, the evidence of his accident balled up and thrown away.  But although he made Mycroft promise not to tell Sherlock he had wet himself--he hadn’t been able to convince him not to tell Uncle Greg--John still felt vulnerable and needy.  He clung to Mycroft and sucked hard on his pacifier, letting himself slip back down in age, and not even Sherlock telling him stories about the pirate ship he was building could keep him from feeling moments away from confused tears.
“Yes, Daddy,” Bunny said, laying his head against Mycroft’s chest.
“John?” Greg called, feeling his heart rate accelerating.  It was one thing to lose track of a friend in a store.  It was another thing entirely to lose a friend who spent large expanses of time role playing as your child.
“The mean girl took Sherlock’s doggie,” Bunny whispered down towards the bathwater.
Greg sighed as he tucked the sheets and blankets up beneath Sherlock’s chin.  He knew if they attempted to undress the boy and get him into a pull-up they’d have an awake, grumpy kid on their hands that would likely take far longer than they would like to get back to sleep.  Greg was ready to settle into bed with Mycroft knowing their kids were lost in dreams; he wasn’t sure he was up for more drama that night.
John sighed, running a hand down his face.
“Cold,” Bunny said by way of explanation, although his tummy twisted with guilt over the lie.
“Oh god,” John said, amused. “Anderson’s enough of a whiny brat as a full-grown man.  I don't want to think about what kind of little he’d make”
“Why was that door locked?” Papa asked, his anger clearly driven by fear as he grabbed at Sherlock’s arms and pushed the sleeves of his pirate shirt up to his elbow to check for any cuts, then lifted the shirt clear up to his chest to check his stomach and back.
“How can I help?” Papa’s brother asked from his place at the bottom of the stairs, and Bunny was exceedingly grateful for the lack of judgment in his tone.
If you haven't checked it out yet, read Part 1 of the Little Brothers Mine one-shot "Pushing Boundaries" over on
“I’m here for whatever you need, buddy,” he said.  “And I think you would feel much better if you weren’t such a stubborn little monkey who won’t accept my help.”
Mycroft settled Sherlock down to eat lunch at the kitchen table.  The boy was rather more cheerful than he had been all morning, either the nap or the consistent cough and cold medicine seeming to have gone far in helping him to feel a bit better, less testy.
“You know he’s earned himself a spanking,” Mycroft said, and Greg sighed.
Mycroft nodded.
Now, buckled into the backseat of Papa’s car, shifting to keep his sore bum from making too much contact with the seat, Bunny felt nothing but tired and irritable.  He was vacillating between headspaces, unsure of where exactly he would land.
“Up you go,” Greg said, and John stood.  But when Greg held out a pull-up, John hesitated.
“I’m not wearing that tattered old thing,” Mycroft said, but Greg raised an eyebrow and told him the kids would love it.
Mycroft nodded and moved the quilt off of Sherlock’s face.
Bunny blushed, then took in breath and began to open his mouth as if he was planning to apologize.
“You were supposed to be on my side,” Sherlock said at last, his back still to the bunny.
Sherlock nodded and yawned again.  He reached out and pulled Mycroft’s arm until the man’s hand was resting once more on his head.  Mycroft breathed a laugh, and began running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair once more; he knew when to take a hint.
“John,” Greg said, rushing towards the man.
“This way, brother mine,” Mycroft said, walking into Sherlock’s bedroom.  He had found it far easier to let the boy come to him instead of chasing and catching and dragging.  Sherlock was, after all, desperate for attention.
“I’m sure Bunny would appreciate an apology for those behaviors,” Mycroft said.
“Don’t need ‘em, Papa.  I’m a big kid with five stickers on my potty chart.”
But Bunny did not want to wear the headband.  He no longer felt like a girl, that part of him suddenly boxed away as he worried that he’d ruined everything between himself and Sherlock, as he worried that he would never see his brother again.
It had been a rough day, but with the promise of a simple dinner and cuddles while Uncle Greg surprised the boys with a new book before an early bedtime, he knew they would manage to make it through.
Sherlock hiccoughed a bit on his tears before he was able to speak.
“What if I can’t do it?” he asked.
“Don’t need it,” John mumbled, cheeks pinking, suddenly transitioning into headspace at a far quicker pace than a moment before.
“There may have been a bloody nose involved,” Greg relented with a sigh.  “And what I hope wasn't a broken cheekbone.”
Sherlock sniffled and nodded.  Mycroft sighed.
“Don’t,” he said, looking with vexation at his brother.  “Leave me alone!”
“I...I think...time outs are okay, and having privileges taken away.  Those punishments make sense to me for breaking the rules.  But punishment for Sherlock is one thing he uses to keep him in headspace.  He misbehaves or acts up the worst when he starts to feel anxious or starts to feel himself slipping.  And then you know he’s asking you or me to spank him or humiliate him in another way, because he enjoys the humiliation and it keeps him little.  I...I don’t want to be humiliated, and I definitely don’t want to be…” John stared into his bourbon glass, “...spanked.”
“You didn’t see him in the store, My,” he said.  “He wasn’t playing a part.  He was longing for these things, so afraid of disappointing you or Sherlock by wanting them and yet unable to keep from showing just how much he wants them, how much he needs them.”
He should tell Mycroft what had happened, should explain and apologize and stop the cycle of lies.  But he was ashamed, and it was easier to reach to flush the toilet, turn on the sink faucet to splash water on his reddened face, and pull open the bathroom door as if all was okay.
When Greg closed the car door and began leading them inside, Bunny slipped his hand into Greg’s, and Greg gave it a squeeze.  The store was fairly empty for a late Saturday morning, which Greg could sense calmed John immensely.  He grabbed a trolley, and John followed close beside.
Mycroft tipped his head back and laughed properly at that, amused by the referenced implication of of himself in the role of little Sherlock and John.  They’d had the conversation before, somewhat inevitable given how much their life had been overtaken by age regression over the course of the last year.  Neither Mycroft nor Greg felt any desire to be little, finding their comfort in caring for the boys.  Even so, Mycroft had a nasty habit of taking things too far in the opposite direction, finding some sort of pride in not needing help or care from anyone.  Sometimes, Greg needed to remind him that he wasn’t any less of an adult for needing someone to talk to.
The detective had refused, however, to sleep in his own room.  He would not let Mycroft out of his sight; Mycroft compromised by laying his brother down to sleep in the living room couch while he and John sat at the kitchen for a moment of quiet and a cup of tea.  Sherlock had sunk into stillness after only a few moments, face burrowed into his dinosaur, and, once he was quiet, Mycroft began from the beginning without John having to ask.
“Scaredy-cat,” Sherlock namecalled, but he did not shift away when Bunny leaned up against him or try to pretend he hadn’t been scared, too, when the next clap of thunder caused them both to gasp.
Sherlock was silent and still, his face whitening from pain while John placed four stitches along one slash and six along another; he knew Sherlock preferred even numbers to odd.
Bunny sniffled, close to tears from the dust in the air as much as from how Sherlock was treating him.
“I think maybe you’d feel a bit better if you let yourself get a bit younger, don’t you?”
“Out of bed,” Mycroft chirped, taking a bit of pleasure in tormenting his little brother.  Sherlock had been a particularly troublesome kid while in little space the past few weeks.
If John was surprised to find Greg and Mycroft in the flat, he didn’t let on.
He could tell Greg was ready to discuss, that he had a list of points he wanted to put to Mycroft regarding his perspective and beliefs of Bunny’s desires, but Mycroft needed a moment to process, and he knew it was a conversation they should have without distractions.
John chuckled, then took it upon himself to close out the game and clear away the computer.  He set it on the desk before abandoning the chair and repositioning himself on the bed, shoulder pressed against Sherlock.
“I’m a big boy,” Sherlock said.  “Like a pirate, right Myc?”
“Get outta here ‘fore I call the coppers,” yelled the Irish man whom John vaguely recognized as the owner of the pub.
If you'd rather not read anything sexual/see Sherlock and John exploring their adult relationship, please skip down to after the dashes and just read part two.
“And you believe little boys should be allowed to use the word ‘hell’ when talking to their guardians?”
“A man who reacts the way I saw this morning, a man who seems to be set off into a rage like that?  I don’t think it’s possible those feelings just disappear.  But he doesn’t get angry in headspace.  He cries, he gets upset, but he doesn’t throw things; he doesn’t lash out...”
“You usually have to go after you sleep.”
“Love you, My,” Sherlock said through his tears.  “‘M sorry I was bad.”
John nodded absently, grateful that he and Mycroft were on the same page once more.  He tucked the plush bunny beneath his chin and swayed slightly from side to side.  His mind was already so calm and settled as he felt the fabric of the nightshirt against his chest and hips; he wasn’t sure what would happen when he was also dressed in the pink pull-ups he was so excited were actually his.
He was restless, desperate for the time he could be excused upstairs and closed in the safety of his old room.
Bunny’s countenance changed over the course of time she and Sherlock shared crayons and made up stories for the pictures they were coloring: she sat up straighter and had a cheerful glint to her eye that was different from the usually reserved, shy looks the boy Bunny often cast towards Sherlock.  Bunny even sounded different: her voice was louder and she was prone to fits of giggling, finding silliness in things Sherlock had never thought to think funny.
Mycroft paused in the process of washing the boy’s hair.  He did not want to upset the boy, but there were questions he felt it necessary to ask, points he needed to reassure for Bunny’s sense of self.  He dropped his hands to the lip of the tub, causing Bunny to glance up from playing with his glittery plastic mermaids.  Mycroft was relieved that, even when young, John could sense when the mood had shifted.  He looked up at Mycroft in anticipation, knowing his Daddy wanted to talk about something important.
Generally, Sherlock woke when John had nightmares and was rather good at settling John back into himself, grounding him and reminding him that he was not still in the midst of warfare.  But Sherlock had clearly not woken up this time, and John was not about to disturb him.  The man was impossible when he was overtired, and if Sherlock was woken he often had an extremely tough time getting back to sleep.  It wouldn’t be fair for John to wake him just because he felt lonely.
“I d-didn’t mean to!” Bunny managed around gulping tears.
,” Mycroft teased as he helped Greg clear away the remnants of the take-away after Greg had sent the boys off with chocolate oranges to wait by the Christmas tree for presents.
Bunny fought when Mycroft tried to take away the remote control, yelling that he wanted to watch the ponies and hiding the remote between the armrest and his body, lifting his legs to signal that, should he come closer, Bunny was prepared to kick away his Daddy.
Have a great day and keep smiling, everyone :)
Before John could process what he was seeing, Mycroft lifted his younger brother into his arms.  Sherlock wrapped his legs around Mycroft’s waist and lay his head on his shoulder.  It was an act that they had clearly performed many times before.  John was surprised that Mycroft could lift his brother so easily, but he seemed to have little trouble as he crossed the kitchen and took his seat back at the table, this time with a lapful of sniffling Sherlock.
“Then let me help you get dressed in something a bit warmer,” Mycroft tried.
John ran a hand down his face and climbed out of bed, crossing to the doorway.  Sherlock was sitting cross-legged atop the comforter, hunched over a laptop.  The fact that Sherlock was clearly adult settled John’s mind, and he allowed the last vestiges of little space to slip away.
He cradled Bunny while Greg stood close and stroked the back of the boy’s head, both men mumbling soft reassurances to their distraught kid.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft called, “Come here, lad.”
When Bunny woke up because of his full bladder, it was to Sherlock sitting up in the bed next to Bunny’s cot, staring down at him from his higher position.  Bunny followed Sherlock’s gaze to glance down and see that his nightshirt had ridden up to expose his flowered pull-up, and he quickly shifted and yanked the hem of his shirt down to cover himself.
“That’s right,” their mother said, passing their gifted sweaters into their hands as she laughed at their father’s levity.  “You wouldn’t want us to have to tell Santa that you’ve been naughty this year, would you?”
He suspected Mycroft and Greg had divided forces for the holidays, Mycroft obviously watching over Sherlock while they were at their parents’ and Greg agreeing to keep tabs on John.  He wasn’t entirely sure what had them so concerned; yes, John couldn’t help but notice some signs that Sherlock was feeling young the night before--John had practically needed to threaten a time-out before Sherlock agreed to go pack his bag for his trip with Mycroft--but John had been fully adult for over a month, doing Mycroft and Greg’s bidding.  He could handle a few more days without supervision, surely.
A nod.
Mycroft knew the pacifier was Sherlock’s favorite whenever he sunk low enough to accept a pacifier.  Most days, Sherlock screamed and shouted that he was a big boy, too old for pacifiers and other items he deemed babyish.  It was clear from his tears and distress over his pacifier that Sherlock had sunk down deep today, Mycroft estimated around three and a half to four years of age.
“Upstairs,” Sherlock said without glancing to Mycroft, his eyes remaining closed.
“Sorry, bud,” Mycroft said, at the table to the left of Sherlock.  “Either you go with the ones you’ve got on, or you choose fish or puppies.”
“Sherlock, we’d just like to know you’re okay.”
He indeed found them in the guest room, and while the kids may have been asleep on either side of Greg, his boyfriend was more than awake, raising an eyebrow in judgement that Mycroft was not in a position to begrudge.
Greg waited for Bunny to nod before he continued.
It was a relief when Mycroft was fully up the attic steps and pulling Bunny into his arms, and it was even more of a relief when Mycroft carried him downstairs and out of the attic before rocking him back and forth, his hand running steady between Bunny’s shoulderblades, grounding him.  Bunny latched his legs around Mycroft’s waist and hooked his arms around his neck, where he also pressed his face as he cried.
“I thought you were a big boy,” Sherlock smirked when they at last pulled apart to catch their breath, one eyebrow raised.
He pulled the guest bedroom door behind him until it left only a sliver of light streaming to fall across the sleeping figure of his kid.  Bunny looked beautifully innocent, a pacifier in his mouth and plush toy cradled to his chest, the worry lines smoothed from his forehead as he slept.   Greg felt such a strong desire to protect him.  He knew talking to his brother to do what he could to protect John’s pride was a part of that protection.
Greg bounced Sherlock on his hip as he contemplated Bunny’s pleading look.  It was rare that John wet the bed, but it was not out of the realm of what could be expected from time to time.  They’d gotten into the habit of dressing both boys in pull-ups while they slept, and it had saved them from wet sheets more than enough times to make Greg and Mycroft grateful for them.  Greg certainly didn’t want to deal with any wet beds in the middle of the night tonight, and Bunny had asked for a refill of milk at dinner.  Not to mention, when John did wet the bed, it was generally at the least expected moments, and rarely an intentional act on the man's part.  He opened his mouth to tell Bunny it was best if he put a pull-up on just in case, but Bunny spoke first.
“Bunny can’t sleep,” Sherlock said, shuffling forward when he realized Bunny was resolved to silence.  “Can we sleep in here?”
Mycroft bit back a moan and called out when he gave in at last, and Greg was not far behind him, gasping at the release as he collapsed against the mattress and groaned into a pillow.
Mycroft pulled Bunny gently away from where he’d been laying on his shoulder in order to look him in the eye.  He waited to speak until Bunny stopped pulling at an errant string on the sleeve of Mycroft’s shirt and looked up at him.
“Look at me, love,” Mycroft said quietly, and he waited until John peeked up towards him.
“That’s no longer any concern of ours,” he said, self-importance in his tone.  “Good day.”
John sighed, relieved.  Sherlock had not picked up on John’s state, Mycroft had.  Most likely he’d noticed something was off the day before, when he’d arrived in Scotland at the tail end of their case, a matter of national security.  Mycroft had, despite John’s half-hearted protests that he was only little for Sherlock’s sake, made it his job to observe John while in headspace; of course it made sense he would pick up on the man’s mental state even when fully adult.
Bunny whined a bit in the back of his throat, but then nodded when Greg took his hand and squeezed it for reassurance.
Responding with defensiveness.  Clearly, John’s doubt over the situation was tied up in a bit of shame, which meant Sherlock’s flippant response had likely not been the best tactic.  Generally, it was John who helped him naviagate the too-complicated world of human interaction, which left Sherlock a bit out-to-sea when it came to his interactions with John himself.  But they had been through similar scenarios in the past, adn he knew John would instruct him to say something encouraging, to validate his feelings and not cast them aside.
is when Daddy’s not looking.”
“You’ve let them know you’re available,” Greg said before calling out to an officer to ask a question about a missing file.  “You can’t make them accept headspace if they’re not ready to.”
John stood still.  He hadn’t meant to hurt Uncle Greg’s feelings.  He’d just forgotten about the pull-up until Uncle Greg began to reach for his clothes, and the panic he felt had caused him to yell.  Uncle Greg was staring down at him now, waiting for a response, and John’s cheeks pinked because what if he saw the pull-up or what if he thought John hated him now?
Sherlock’s cheeks pinked as he admitted it out loud, but it was clear from Bunny’s puzzled expression that he would need to say more.  But Sherlock didn’t know how to make Bunny understand, and he didn’t know if he could go on after admitting that he wanted to be littler.  It was all so hard, and there were too many emotions and everyone was looking at him.  He whined a bit, and looked up at Mycroft.
“I can do that,” Greg said.  “You just worry about our little pirate.  I’ll bunny sit.”
He wanted his Daddy to stop being angry, and if watching dinosaurs meant they could cuddle and Daddy would stop feeling annoyed, he would try to forget about how happy he had felt seeing the colorful ponies and just let Sherlock watch dinosaurs.
Mycroft did not address Greg’s apologies or emotional state.  If anything, he became even more aloof than he had been a moment before, clinical and cold.
Mycroft leaned down to kiss Sherlock on the top of the head, and Sherlock could not help but sigh in contentment as he settled in for time-out.  Bunny had forgiven him, and Papa had forgiven him, and he was well on his way to being forgiven by Mycroft.  He was clean from his bath, and feeling little from his spanking and his diaper, and Mycroft hadn't made him take Bunny's pacifier out of his mouth.  He had brothers and Papas and Mycrofts who loved him.  And he never, ever wanted to feel separated from them again.
“Couldn’t sleep?”
“He made his own decisions today, love.” Greg turned to look Mycroft in the eye.  “I was angry and took my anger out on you earlier, but that was wasn't right.  You had conflicting obligations and prioritized one over the other.  It was a mistake, but that doesn’t mean you’re responsible for the action Sherlock took.”
“Good boy,” Sherlock mumbled, and god damn of course Sherlock would have figured out by now that John had a praise kink.
Sherlock began sniffling once again, clearly upset that Mycroft had learned about his earlier wetting.
“Do you need to go potty, baby?" Daddy asked to distract him, and Bunny, trying to be a good boy and keep from crying over losing his pacifier, rubbed his eyes and nodded.  He’d needed to go since he’d woken up, and he knew Daddy must have seen his squirming.
“Mycroft, Bunny needs a coloring book,” Sherlock called, interrupting a conversation Papa was having with his brother.  “He wants to color, too.”
“I’m sorry, Bunny,” Sherlock said.
Bunny did not argue against the pull-up.  In fact, he seemed rather relieved that Mycroft had not even given him the choice between that and underwear.  Mycroft hoped it was a sign that the boy was getting used to them, was feeling less self-conscious about wearing them.  After all, Mycroft could not help but think he looked cute in them.
Greg brushed his hair back from his face and nodded.
“Yes.  Thank you," he said, finally smiling slightly.
“I did!” Sherlock argued, but they both knew it was a lie, and after a pointed look from Mycroft, Sherlock gave another dramatic sigh, but obeyed.
“I can't help if you don't tell me, John.”
“Mycroft, I’m a doctor,” John said, bringing his cup and saucer as well as Mycroft’s to the kitchen sink.  He still had questions and concerns, but he was pleased that their conversation was over for a moment.  There was so much information he needed to process.  “I’ve dealt with my fair share of needy patients.”
He could look after himself just fine.
“And as I said,” Mycroft smiled.  “I’m fine with it.  All of it.  So is Greg.”
Mycroft knew there were more differences between Eurus Holmes and John Watson than perhaps between any other two people Mycroft had come to associate with.  But Bunny glanced up at Mycroft as if it were the first time he had thought of the distinction.  He looked relieved, a bit more sure of himself, when he shook his head.
Greg found Mycroft sitting in the office at his flat, the room dark and a glass of bourbon in his hand.  Greg had taken a seat in the chair on the other side of the desk, denying Mycroft’s insistence that he be left in solitude.  There were cigarette butts crushed into the ashtray.  It was obvious the man had been unmoored by the telling of the events of the Holmes brothers’ past, preoccupied with concern for his brother.  Greg had no intention of leaving him to his own devices.
“I missed you,” Greg told the man, leaning down to kiss him once more.  “Even if you have been a stubborn arse all afternoon.”
Sherlock rolled over and groaned.  He could barely breathe through his nose, and his chest hurt from the coughing he had been doing.  He was angry and irritable, upset that Mycroft had not come to take care of him, yet.  He took up Dimitri the dinosaur into his hand and threw him across the room.   It felt good to see him slam against the wall and slide to the ground.
Greg leaned forward, hugging Mycroft and pressing his forehead in the crook of the man’s neck.  He was extremely happy that their little family was all together again.  But he knew that two young kiddos both coming down with colds meant the next day would bring fresh challenges, and at the moment all he wanted was sleep.
Mycroft reached up to brush hair back from John’s forehead and to smooth the baby blanket where it lay above the comforter.
But Greg sighed as they stepped into the master bedroom.  He'd forgotten about the sheets on the master bed, had assumed Mycroft would have changed them while Sherlock had been in time-out.  But the bed was still rumpled and unmade, sheets dry but stained with urine.  Guest bedroom, it was.
I had a lot of fun writing this chapter.  The Lestrades basically appeared fully-formed in my mind, so they were easy to capture for the quick moments they have the story's focus.
I hope you're all well--thank you so much for sticking with me and continuing to read/comment/leave kudos even though I've had less time to update than I would like.  You're all such lovely creatures, and I look forward to your thoughts about this chapter :)
“Daddy, we can come back?” Bunny asked, sniffling.
As Greg helped Bunny out of his wet pull-up and began cleaning him up with the baby wipes he had brought with him for exactly that reason, Sherlock finished dressing and took off running for the sliding glass door in the kitchen which led out to the back porch and, down the yard, to the lakefront.
“Sherlock, let’s get you to the loo, at least,” Papa said, clearly attempting to tackle the issue he could most easily handle at the moment.  “We don’t want an accident.”
“And the bruise on your cheek from where the other bloke clocked you?”
John protested a bit, struggling between his adult self and child self, but when Mycroft ran a hand across John’s back, the man settled, and Mycroft could see that although he hadn’t yet, he was close to slipping down in age.
Bunny nodded, fiddling once more with the corner of his baby blanket.
“We weren’t little!” Sherlock said, this time raising his voice in frustration.
“I’m fine, Mycroft,” Sherlock said, squirming as he turned his focus back to his phone.  “Go bother the baby.  I’m working.”
Greg placed the final items into the dresser and took a seat on the end the bed.  He patted the mattress, signalling for Sherlock to take a seat beside him.
“Is Anderson going to press charges?” Mycroft asked, concern manifesting itself in a preoccupation with the practicalities, a carry-over from spending the morning in problem-solving mode.  “How injured is he?”
“Come on, come on,” he mumbled to himself, trying to dig his fingernail into the tight knot of the drawstring to find a way to loosen the ties. “Please.”
“As soon as dessert is served,” Greg said as he leaned his cheek against John’s temple.
Greg sighed.
He was crying harder now, blubbering almost to the point of not being unable to breathe, and a second later he could feel his pants getting wet as he peed in his bed, urine streaming to puddle beneath him despite his shocked, grasping attempts to stem the flow.  It was warm against his skin, and he was knew the creature could tell what was happening, was smirking at how pathetic and babyish Bunny was being by wetting in his big boy pants and his bed.
Hi, loves! I hope you're all doing well.  It's been a really rough week on my end, but I'm so glad to be able to get you all a new chapter.  Warnings for angst, war flashbacks, and mentions of PTSD.  If anyone has advice on more accurately portraying PTSD nightmares, I'd welcome the guidance.  Comments in general would be lovely, as always :)
“And I seem to remember sending a certain someone to the zoo in pull-ups today because of all of his accidents this week.”
“Okay, bud,” he said.  “That’s okay.  Just finish up and we’ll get you all sorted.”
Luckily, Mycroft had been as perceptive as ever.  Morning cartoons may just be the perfect way for Sherlock to distract himself.
John nodded, and when he looked as if he would start to bawl once more, Mycroft passed over the plush lion and John buried his face into it as he clutched it in his arms.  Later, he would press John to find out what had happened.  For now, he simply needed to comfort the boy and assure him that everything was going to be okay.
“Why?” Sherlock asked, and his loud, rather insensitive tone made Mycroft glad they were having this initial conversation out of Bunny’s earshot.
Not Bunny, then.  John.
“That man,” Sherlock said, reaching to point towards the window at the only man walking down Baker Street in the middle of the night.  “Tourist.”
“I didn’t hear you, ‘Lock,” Mycroft said, taking a seat on the edge of the bed.  “I wasn't ignoring you.  I’m here now.”
“Let’s get you clean first, bud,” he said,  “and then we can cuddle a bit before you go back to sleep.”
“You’re not wrong for liking glitter and mermaids,” he said, chuckling.  “And there’s nothing dirty about it.  It’s all rather innocent, actually.  I apologize for making you feel as if you couldn’t express yourself in this way.  Greg’s helped me to see that there’s no harm in this, that my own insecurities are what caused me to be uncomfortable.  If anything, this is a positive development.  You’re coming into yourself in headspace, which is what I’ve been hoping for all along.”
Mycroft placed a box of biscuits in the cabinet and took a seat at the kitchen table, where he opened the newspaper and began to read.  He watched Sherlock over the top of the paper as the boy began to calm himself, continuing to hitch on softer cries and little whines until he was doing nothing more than breathing heavily.
But doubt had crept into his mind as he’d blinked awake the next morning, doubt that he was acting like too much of a baby, that Mycroft and Greg didn’t want to deal with his childishness in that way, that he had to be the older brother for Bunny.  They also only had one more day at the lake house, and what if it was too hard for Sherlock to age back up and function as an adult after spending so long in headspace?  They all needed to begin shifting back to their baselines.
Neither of the Holmes brothers found holiday celebrations akin to anything but insufferable annoyances.  Usually, they managed adequate enough excuses to keep themselves from shared dinners and small talk with insidious distant relatives.  But their mother insisted on their presence at Christmas, rationalizing that they owed her at least one day of togetherness given how difficult it was to pin them down throughout the year and promising to keep things small, just the four of them.
Sherlock turned and shuffled towards Mycroft, who took him by the wrists and pulled him close until he was standing between Mycroft’s knees.  His little brother was far too tall now to make it a practical position for getting the boy at eye level, as Mycroft had done when Sherlock was a child, but it conjured up an old routine, which went far where Sherlock was concerned.
John cleared his throat for what he knew was one too many times, glancing down to the floorboards with a quick nod.  He wished he could believe Mycroft’s words, but in years of therapy he hadn't been able to make much progress when it came to self-worth.  At the moment, all he could do was mumble something vaguely assertive, willing the thoughts of his father--his father who had been pleased when John came home with his first black eye after fighting a bigger kid, his father who had drunkenly pulled him out of bed in the middle of one night to force him to climb a ladder in the dark and clean out the gutters, his father who cared more about John not making the football team than he did about John’s nearly perfect GPA--out of his mind.
“You remember your safeword, Bunny?” Mycroft asked, fulfilling his promise to Greg while he settled John into position.
Mycroft steeled his facial expression so that he did not betray any emotion that might discourage John from elaborating.
“Just need to clear my head of the noise for a moment,” he explained.  “I’ll be back before your Uncle finishes his next embarrassing story of your dad when they were kids.”
“Time to wake up, sleepy-head.”
"We're going to go sit at the kitchen table so I can fix you up a bit, alright?"
"Why don't we send invitations today."
“If you say so.” The conversation ended just in time, because they pulled up to a rather large building. Across the street was a small sandwich place and a coat shop.
"Hey, it's ok, love. I'm scared too. But things will be the same as before. Why don't we take this one day at a time, ok?"
The plan was to have a reception dinner, so everyone who was invited went back to their rooms in the near-by hotel. John and Sherlock drove to the hall they had booked, and got everything together. There were tables covered in white table clothes with little lilacs in the centre. There was to be a buffet. They were serving beef, and fish, since none of their guests were vegetarians. They also had creampuffs for a dessert, since neither of them liked cake. Finally, it was six, and the sun hadn't set yet since it was the summer. The guests arrived, and everyone ate their food. Until it was time for the speeches.
"John, the stars are always there, how have you never noticed them?" Sherlock let himself fall back down on the blanket and interlaced his fingers with John's.
John placed his bags on the ground and looked at Sherlock lying on the bed.
They worked in complete silence for a few more minutes and John spoke again, "I love you too."
John quickly pressed a kiss into Sherlock's right shoulder blade. He whispered, "I love you." into the ivory skin, and attempted to draw the taller man closer. As an answer, Sherlock turned around in his sleep, one of his lanky arms smacking his husband square in the face. John tried to be hurt but he couldn't when Sherlock's hands wrapped around his waist, cuddling the older man into the nape of his pale neck. John let himself fall back asleep, while breathing in the sweet scent of his adorable husband. Domestic bliss.
The preacher started speaking, "We are gathered here today to celebrate one of life's greatest moments," John could see Sherlock holding back a scoff. "and to cherish the words which shall unite John and Sherlock." At this point John completely zoned out, and he could tell Sherlock was doing the same. Both men looked into the eyes across from them. John was still trying to label what colour Sherlock's were. Sherlock was cataloguing every single line in John's irises.
Thanks to em0rion for being my Beta.
___________________
"Sherlock, it's been three months. All we have planned is when we're getting married, where we're getting married, and who's invited. We haven't even sent invitations out." He was walking around the flat, looking for his fiancé.
"Sounds good." So the two men went to the little cafe down the street.
For another twenty minutes, he searched for it, but never had any luck. By the time he had turned the room upside down and then right side up again, there was only five minutes until everyone should be home, which was definitely not enough time to complete his experiment. He cursed at the clock as he cleaned up the hardwood samples and plugged up the beaker containing the acid.
Prologue…
https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/basics/personality-disorders.
"Fine." Sherlock got up and came back with a list of names and a pen.
John subconsciously leaned into the shoulder and breathed in another deep breath of Sherlock. "Well I know that, but I never get the time to properly just look at them. Aren't they amazing, love?"
"John?" neither broke eye contact.
Sherlock closed the distance between them, his soft, pink lips smushing John's dry ones. It was a short, but passionate kiss that left both men wanting more.
While John helped set things up, Sherlock stayed back and played the violin out of nervousness. He was finally marrying the man who he'd loved so much and for so long. Molly came out in her lilac dress he'd picked out with her, and he had to admit she looked nice. Once he got bored of the violin, he went over all the plans, and eventually passed along to deducing people who walked by.
The first one was specifically for homosexuals. There were rainbows everywhere. People danced, and blew bubbles. Some people just walked with signs that said things like "Even if being gay was a choice... so what? People choose to be assholes and they can get married." Sherlock could feel John relaxing a little and he even laughed at a sign that had a picture of Jesus saying "Guys I said I hate figs".
"Get what ready?" Sherlock called after his lover, but the door was already closed. He got to scrubbing excitedly at the dishes while John "got ready".
A door slammed from downstairs and John stood up fast, too fast. He hit his head on the cupboard and cursed, but the pain was gone because his love was back.
"It looks lovely, are you planning on buying it?" His voice was cheery, as all the other salespeople's voices were.
Once he caught Sherlock up, he grabbed the detective's arm. Sherlock stopped, tugged a bit, saw no use and so turned to face John. John pulled his arm a little closer, took hold of Sherlock's scarf and tugged downwards, reaching up on his toes to meet Sherlock's mouth halfway. With a little bit of urgency, he pressed his mouth against Sherlocks, insistent. Sherlock immediately leaned into John and kissed back, wrapping his arms around his blogger. Someone whistled at them. John snapped his head around and saw the old woman smiling at them. He waved and she waved back. Sherlock grabbed his face again, and gave him a light peck on the forehead before taking John's hand in his own and leading them back to a main road.
John stepped forward and smashed their lips together, they stayed like that until Sherlock needed air.
"John?"
"Do that person." John was nodded his head in the direction of an elderly lady sitting alone on a park bench. Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes, but was glad to show off.
“So you don’t deny it?” Mr. Holmes took a step closer to his son who, in turn, fought back the urge to step back. The next word growled by the older man took Sherlock completely by surprise. “Out.”
The float for bisexuality came next. Blue, purple, and pink banners and flags were being waved everywhere. This one had little flags and sunglasses being thrown into the street, all of them marked by the flag.
"I haven't the slightest clue." Sherlock muttered to himself as he began drying. He strained his ears and heard John moving something. Furniture. The chairs. He listened even harder and heard the click of the door, he was locking it.
"She's waiting for a call from her... daughter. One of her grandchildren is sick and she's waiting to hear an update. Her husband died many years ago, but she's hoping to meet someone and possibly have some fun. She also has a gerbil, no three gerbils who are new, possibly to replace an old pet who died fairly recently." John clapped and Sherlock bowed and smiled.
They sat looking into the other's eyes. It was obvious on both of their faces, they were finally married.
John sighed and pulled back his share of the duvet, accidentally turning his detective away from him.
"I see this city every day, but it still shocks me." the two men were lying on their backs, waiting for the stars to come out.
The sun streamed down onto Sherlock's angelic face, making his normally harsh features disappear. The two had fallen asleep in each other's arms, but John had woken up without his husband or the covers. After being married for five years, and together for seven, John still stayed true to his vow and found a new reason to love Sherlock every day, today being no exception.
"We're ready." John reached for Sherlock's hand .
"How do you like that one?" Even her voice had a hint or exhaustion in it.
Sherlock scowled at it. "Horrible, I can't believe this looked nice in the picture." His scowl deepened as the nosy salesperson came back with a velvet burgundy suit.
"John, your parents aren't on the list."
"How do you know, maybe he just had a bad sleep in a bad hotel?"
When he got in, there was already a suit identical to John's, but a little longer and thinner to fit his frame. Since he was accustomed to wearing suits every day, he didn't take as long as John had, but when he was done he took a second to admire it in the mirror. The trousers were grey while the jacket was a fine mix of black and navy, and, surprisingly, the two colours went very well together. The waistcoat was beige, and the tie was some variation of it. Over all, the suit looked amazing.
"Yeah, but it'll start soon, and you won't notice them." As if right on cue, everyone started cheering and the first floats came down the street.
"Because we've never danced before." His happy face fell a little, "Unless you don't want to."
Sherlock went back to looking through the catalogue of suits. They had enough money to afford tuxedoes if they wanted them, but they didn't. Sherlock wasn't really sure what they wanted, actually, but tuxes seemed a little over the top.
It was John's turn to be speechless when his fiancé stepped out from behind the curtain. "Oh, love, it looks so nice."
John and Sherlock were sitting in the park, eating dinner. John had suggested they go out for dinner, as they hadn't had a case in a while, so Sherlock suggested a picnic. John was more than happy to go, so they stopped at Angelo's to pick some food up and they took it to the park. The sun had set, but there was still enough light to see by, and the two lovers had brought blankets. After they ate their food, they sat basking in each other's presence, digesting and enjoying the peace.
John answered so Sherlock wouldn't make a fool of himself. "Yes, I think we'll take both of them." He gestured to the suit he had just been wearing, which was now folded messily beside him.
Sherlock had the room to himself. John, Harry, and Mrs Hudson had left to go shopping an hour ago, so considering they had to get two beds, a few more clothes, and some personal hygiene products, they shouldn't be back for another hour and a half. He had plenty of time to work on his latest experiment, the effects of sulfuric acid on hardwood flooring. On his desk he had samples of ash, beech, cherry, elm, iroko, and mahogony. Almost everything was set up and ready to go, but he couldn't find one of his beakers. He looked through the pile of whatever on the end of his bed and found nothing of use. He then shuffled through his half of the chest of drawers, still nothing. He looked anywhere it could possibly be, and still came up empty handed. Only John's things were left.
Sherlock could already feel his face swelling into a handprint as he ran across the street. He didn’t stop running until there was a few streets of difference in between him and the flat. Only then did he realize that he actually had nowhere to go. He looked at the street he was on. He was only about a block away from the British Museum, but at this hour they wouldn’t let him in. He decided on Regent’s Park and headed in the direction of the Gardens. He shivered and wished he had brought his coat with him, after all, it was not smart to go out during winter in a t-shirt.
After they had their moment, the two men cleaned up and walked back to the flat, sharing a blanket, and holding hands proudly. When they got back to the flat, the first thing they did was tell Mrs Hudson who was delighted to hear. She offered help planning the wedding, and agreed to leave them alone that night.
"I love you."
"I think that would take away the magic of it all, honey." usually Sherlock looked put off when anyone interrupted him, but this was John. His John. The two men stayed there looking into each other's eyes lovingly.
This is the end, I was considering writing about their honeymoon, but I'm not quite ready to write smut yet? So that's it, I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you so much to my beta em0rion.
I know everyone always does this one, but it's so cute I wanted to do it too. Sorry it's short, but I will be updating "Ivre sur toi" sometime in the next few days.
Ok, so basically, I decided to stop working on this fanfic. It started negatively affecting me and I found myself constantly worrying about it, so I decided that I can't keep working on it. I have gifted it Azraella, and will link the new work here once it's been started.
While Sherlock was cleaning up, John got out all the candles he'd hidden in the cupboards around the lounge. He then proceeded to move all the furniture to the far wall by the window. He took out a lighter he'd knicked from Sherlock when he still smoked. He then locked the door, there was no need for Mrs Hudson or any visitor to walk in on them.
"Sherlock I can't believe it, we're actually married." John brought his hand up to his new husband's cheek.
Three months after Sherlock proposed, they had settled on a date, place and who was coming. That was it.
“Yeah? And what do they usually say?”
There were five months until the grand Watson-Holmes wedding, and the two men were trying on suits and looking at colour swatches.
“Fourteen.” His voice broke slightly with the unuse. She sighed and glanced at the man. “Could you wait here for a moment?” Sherlock nodded, and the they walked out of earshot.
“He started drinking. And he also started beating John. Come on John, show him.” She tugged at his arm. He faced a pleading look from Harry, and intense curiosity from Mike, and soon enough, he gave in. He tried not to wince as he took off his shirt and showed Mike his back. There were plenty of old scars, and a few fresh welts, but the worst one was one his left shoulder. His dad had thrown the neck of a broken beer bottle at him, and he now suffered from a slight tremor in his hand. Mike took it all in and began typing at his computer with seemingly new energy. John quickly put his shirt back on and waited for Mike to speak again.
Pain burst through his head, and he was forced to step back to take the impact. His head was ringing, but he still held back his tears. His dad raised his hand again, but he brought it down to an empty space, as his son was already at the door of their small flat pulling on his shoes. Within the minute, the door was slammed shut, and the young genius was gone.
"There are so many people already." John was looking around at all the flag wielding parade goers. There were drag performers, happy couples, introverts, extroverts, and colours everywhere. John was dressed in a simple white shirt and cargo shorts, but he was using a bisexual flag as a cape. Sherlock was wearing a black shirt that read "Straight out of the closet", he also sported black shorts and rainbow socks.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was awaiting the arrival of his boyfriend, Sherlock Holmes. They had agreed to a quiet night in, but John had a different plan. They would still stay in, but there would be no take away or Doctor Who, just romance. Every time a cab turned onto their short road, he felt like an excited puppy. Sherlock was coming home. His Sherlock, the man he loved more than life itself.
I would also like to thank my beta em0rion
John chuckled. "No, but you act like one."
John sighed. "No, thank god they aren't. They, unfortunately, don't 'approve of this lifestyle.'"
"Alright then. I'll explain what you're agreeing to," He looked a little put off by Mycroft. "No doubt, you both already know what's on here, but I have to tell you. By signing this you are legally bound, and officially recognized as family. For example, if one of you is hospitalized, the other has the right to visit under the name of a family member. You two made your vows, but we both know they are just to profess your own love in public, but if one of you is caught in an act of infidelity, the other has the right to demand a divorce..." At this point everyone was practically zoning out, but luckily he was almost done. "So, you two need to sign here and here, and that's all there is to it." He indicated the respective lines.
He had only been asleep for a few minutes when a bright light shone through his eyelids and he heard a man’s rough voice.
"I wonder if I'll be able to walk tomorrow." Sherlock squirmed in pleasure at the thought.
"I think we've found our suits, John." Sherlock was smiling like a child, until a salesperson came along to collect the suits.
John went first. "Sherlock. I wasn't gay, but thanks to you I am. I promise to love you without condition, to honour you each and every day, to laugh with you you're happy, and to support you when you're sad. I will guide you in the right direction, challenge you to be a better person, even though you're already the best. I promise to always be your biggest fan and your ever present audience. Sherlock, with this ring I show my undying love for you, and I promise to always be yours. 'Til death do us part." John slipped the rings that had been presented before them. There was one of those Japanese number codes engraved on the inside. Love. It fit perfectly around Sherlock's precise finger. Sherlock looked close to tears, but the preacher disturbed the beautiful moment. "Mr Holmes, your turn."
John entered Sherlock's arms and felt the familiar hands wrap around his waist. In turn, he put his own on Sherlock's waist, hugging him closer. John turned on the music.
With a nod of his head, he made up his mind while a door opened and closed beneath him, the warm buzz of voices reaching his ears. He got up and unlocked the door before flopping back on his bed. The sound of voices and footsteps became louder as they went up the stairs. Two sets of feet started travelling down the hallway, but after one of the people entered a room, only John's were left, slightly heavier than before. He struggled to open the door, his hands no doubt full, but succeeded before tumbling into the room.
Whenever there was a lull in cases, John made Sherlock go outside at least once a day. Sherlock refused unless John joined him. So, they frequently went on walks through Regents Park together.
"Why don't we go through the list of people who are invited, and send out the invitations."
"Considering they're only great balls of gas, yes." Sherlock could almost hear John roll his eyes.
"I don't think we'll go with this one either, sorry." John had a polite smile on while Sherlock was still scowling.
"Thanks, love, while you do that, I'll get ready." On his way out of the kitchen, John closed the doors so Sherlock couldn't see what he was doing.
He looked pointedly at John who swallowed hard. “Uh, I’m John and I’m sixteen.” Mike registered this information into the computer and then gestured for Harry to go.
When he was finally all cried out, Sherlock curled up on his side and let exhaustion wash over him.
If anyone were to look into the window of 221B, they would see two men madly in love, pressed together and swaying to the slow music.
Sherlock held out his arms. "Of course I want to. Now come here, love."
"We don't have inv-" John, who was now in the lounge, held out a large wad of invitations.
"... but, you aren't allowed to put this in your blog, the police said they wanted to avoid a scandal." John jolted out of his reverie.
The next float was specifically for lesbians. Everyone had some sign of the pink striped flag. John relaxed a little more.
"Really?" Sherlock propped himself up on his shoulders to look at John. His blogger, and boyfriend. His John.
John was leading Sherlock towards the dining table. They sat down. "I know John, and I really do want to get married. I'm so excited, and I love you so much. This is just really daunting." Sherlock grabbed John's hands and looked into his soldier's dark blue eyes.
"Oh, ok," She looked a little put off. "Let me know if you two need anything." With that, she left and John returned to the changing booth.
"I said to work quietly, soldier." John spoke in his most captain voice he could do. Sherlock sharply averted his gaze and concentration back to the envelopes.
John's mother's smile seemed to have the same effect as John's because Sherlock found the corners of his mouth tipping up into a grin. Sherlock remembered his own mother. She had short black hair that fell in curls akin to Sherlock's, but her features were warmer. While both of her sons had odd, opalescent eyes, hers were a deep blue, like the sea. Her skin had always been deathly pale, but warm in a way that only mothers seemed to achieve. When she had divorced his father, she had refused custody of her children, claiming that she had other things she'd rather be doing than looking after teenagers. His father had blamed them and showed them accordingly. The only comfort Sherlock had received during that time was when Mycroft would come home from work to find Sherlock holding back teats. He would always whisper "Remember, Sherlock,  caring is not an advantage."
Once he arrived at the famous park, he found an unoccupied bench and sat down with his head in his hands. The shock of what had happened finally begun to wear off. His shoulders sagged, and he felt his tears finally streaming down his face. For half an hour he sat there, shivering, his face in his hands, letting gravity pull his tears downwards.
"I uh. I learnt how to..." John gave up, it was time to tell the truth. "Sherlock. I love you." The taller man got down from his chair and crossed the room. In turn, John got up. They were now centimetres away from the other's face.
It was Molly's turn. "Hey, for any of you wondering who I am, I'm Molly, a friend of John and Sherlock's. I've known Sherlock since Uni, we were in a Chem class together, and I'm glad to call John a friend after getting to know him. I've honestly always thought John and Sherlock were a couple, so it was a surprise when they came out, but I'm so proud of them. And, even though they fit so well together, they're both quite different, with John being more open and Sherlock being quite reclusive, but I have to say, I ship it!" There was some laughter from the audience. "So, now here we are, two years after they first came out, eating food they so graciously payed for. It's absolutely beautiful how much in love these two are, so let's all wish them a life time of happiness and a long one too." Molly also raised her glass and as did everyone else. With the speeches done, people stood up as waiters came to take away the food.
John was nervous, Sherlock could tell. It was written in the lines on his forehead and the slight crease in his brow. So he squeezed his boyfriend's hand a little harder. They were at the London Pride March and John had never been, but Sherlock had been going for years.
"Ok, I'm not even going to ask about the insomnia part. Besides, we should get going."
Basically, I went to my first ever Pride Parade and I got inspired to write what John and Sherlock must've experienced. Also, sorry if I forgot any of the letters in the acronym, I tried to find the longest one I could to include everyone, but it's always changing. If I missed any, let me know.
“I will not have a faggot in this house!” The words stung worse than lemon juice to a cut and tears were threatening to spill out of Sherlock’s eyes as he stood taller and faced his father. He said nothing, in fear of making his current situation worse.
"Absolutely none of it." His smile this time was even more brilliant than before. It was one of his special smiles that was saved only for John. John giggled slightly, because he had such a gorgeous boyfriend. Sherlock's eyebrows shot up a little
Sherlock glanced up only to glare at him.
“Well,” Mycroft said, clasping his hands in front of him.  “That seems to be the consensus.”
Mycroft wrapped an arm around him, and John’s face fell once more.  He gave in to the lingering tears, head falling sideways to rest against Mycroft’s shoulder.  Mycroft supported him, telling him again and again that he was safe, allowing John the time that he needed to process and recover from the nightmare.
“I’m pissing,” he said, swearing and shoving his hand between their bodies in an attempt to grasp at his crotch.   “Oh, fuck, I can’t stop it.  I’m wetting myself.”
“One second,” Sherlock called, voice catching.  “Don’t come in!”
“I can do it,” he said, beginning to pull off the t-shirt and sleep pants he’d gone to bed in.
The diaper Sherlock had been changed into before being put to bed had been discarded, wet, on the bedroom floor, and Sherlock had dressed himself in his pirate shirt and a pair of jeans.  His stuffed dinosaur had fallen from the bed, but Sherlock had not picked it up off the floor.  His eyes were older than they had been the night before, less inviting.  Sherlock was no longer his younger brother; he’d shifted up in age to being his sometimes-harsh older brother.  And, if his set, judgmental stare was anything to go by, Sherlock was even older today than his baseline five-years-old, perhaps making up for how young he had slipped the previous day.
Mycroft was excited for their trip to the lake house.  It would be the first time all four of them--Sherlock, John, Lestrade, and himself--had gone away together, and he was eager to get on the road.  In some ways, he had been hoping the boys would be young--it had been over two weeks since they’d had any time longer than an evening to partake in age play and he was eager to spend time with them while little--but there was plenty of time for them to settle into headspace, and it might actually be easier to get two men ready and out of the apartment than if they were in the mindset of children.  Then again, knowing Sherlock, that remained to be seen.
“I want Daddy,” John sniffled, and then, after a moment where Greg looked down at him with raised eyebrows, he broke down in hysterical sobbing.
Thanks for those of you who checked in with me--I'm doing much better than last week.  Sending you all love and bunny kisses, as always!
It was something which had been on his mind all day: the impossibility of knowing the impact your words and actions might have on the children you cared for.  He was resigned in his decision not to reveal all about Eurus to Sherlock and John, but he could not help but question what would happen when the truth was eventually revealed.  He was no stranger to lying to his brother for the younger’s own protection, having begun the practice long ago, but there was no telling whether he had made the correct decisions along the way.
“Is he...Is he okay, then?” John asked, nodding towards the little detective, who chose a new color crayon and giggled as he added jagged, lopsided spikes to the back of a dinosaur.
“I went before lunch, okay?” he said, rolling his eyes.  “Upstairs.”
Bunny glanced down towards the foot well of the car and shrugged.  The kid’s arms were wrapped around himself; he looked miserable and so, so small.  Reaching behind him, Greg offered his hand, which Bunny quickly latched onto.  It made driving a bit precarious, but Greg shifted into the slow lane and drove carefully with one hand, knowing his kid and knowing that, unlike Sherlock, Bunny needed physical comfort when he was distressed.
“I don’t mind any of it,” Mycroft said simply.
John shrugged.
There were too many unknowns and too many falsified memories present to calculate the probability of the successful retrieval of the boy.
“That’s enough, Sherlock, or you’re going into time out,” he said, sternly enough that Sherlock sucked in his bottom lip and stopped his screaming if not his whimpering.
“It will clean,” Sherlock said.
"Daddy?" Bunny asked after they had sat in silence for quite some time.
He’d leaned into the vulnerability out of convenience; it was far easier to deal with wetting his old twin bed at his parents’ house while he was little than while he was adult.  He could cry and whine and cling to Mycroft in the laundry room without his brother so much as batting an eye.  It had made aging up a rather difficult, too-quick affair, however, and he’d suffered the consequences all morning, living in a rather draining in-between state.
Greg made quick work of getting Bunny sorted, finding John’s suitcase in the guest bedroom and the pull-ups, wipes, Peter Rabbit pacifier, and Gryffindor pajama trousers that the man had packed up into a smaller bag that had been shoved down beneath his toiletry kit.  The boy was clean, dry, and calmly tucked into bed before long, practically beaming from the praise Greg showered on him along the way.  John packing for not only himself but for Bunny--however scarce his Bunny bag may have been--was a large step, and the last thing Greg wanted to do was downplay it to the boy.
By the time Mycroft was finished running water to rinse Bunny’s hair free of shampoo, Sherlock had taken a few steps farther into the bathroom.
Neither Sherlock nor the Bunny wanted the actual cone from their ice cream, so Bunny passed it up to Mycroft, who handed it off to Greg to eat while he drove.  Sherlock leaned against the window, and, tired now that he had allowed himself to take stock of his mental and physical states, did not refuse when the Bunny passed him the alligator plush.
Bunny only shrugged, and he knew from the look on his face that his Daddy would have pressed the issue if Papa hadn’t come back into the kitchen with a sigh.
“Get inside before you disgrace yourself,” Mycroft said as he pulled into the parking lot of the expressway rest stop.
Greg bent to place a kiss on Sherlock’s forehead.
“Hey, kiddo,” Mycroft said, stepping into the bedroom.  “How are you feeling?”
“Hey, lady bug,” he whispered, crouched down to peer beneath the bed towards Bunny.  “What are you doing down there?”
P.S. there’s a good chance I’ll come back later and update/edit this chapter.  I’m posting from my phone while travelling, which is always a bit of a pain for editing!
"What was that, honey?" Greg asked in order to clarify, but Bunny only shook his head and whined.
“Water, I think,” Papa explained as he began helping Bunny to stand.  “In a cup with a cover if you have one,” he added over his shoulder.
“No, sweetheart.  That was never part of the plan.  I’m sorry if that wasn’t clear to you.”
Mycroft did not respond.
“I won’t pretend I fully understand it,” she said, holding up a gentle hand to keep Greg from interrupting.  “But I'd like to learn more.  And if it’s something that makes you both happy, I’m glad you’ve found each other.”
It was clear the man had noticed something off about John’s behavior, but John put his hands on his knees and willed himself to be as still as possible.  He fixed his eyes on the television and tried not to squirm.
Sherlock whined and shook his head.
He’d earned his most recent timeout only minutes after being released from his first, which he’d gotten for throwing his sippy cup and hiding the remote.  This timeout had been earned for pulling his baby blanket roughly away from Sherlock’s grasp when he saw that the baby had taken it while Bunny had been in the corner.  He’d pulled hard enough that Sherlock had stumbled and fallen forward onto his knees, and had then pushed Sherlock and told him the blanket wasn't his, which had made the little detective cry.
“Hey,” Mycroft said, tipping Sherlock’s face up by the chin.  “Listen to me.  You are not bad, buddy.  You made some bad decisions today, is all.  Do you understand the difference?”
“What do you think you're doing?” Anderson asked as he pushed John off to step away.  “Get away from me!”
