“Incredible.” Bruce said, “But then a spider can lift 170x their own bodyweight, so, if we work on the theory that your mutation has given you the abilities of an arachnid, you will be able to lift 170x more than your own bodyweight.”
“Can you imagine that, being awake while your chest is being carved open, feeling every cut, bone being severed and pulled out? I was beyond begging, beyond screaming, all I could do was lay there and wait to die. Only I didn’t, I lived, I survived, and instead of building them the weapons they wanted I miniaturized the arc reactor and built the first suit out of a box of fucking scraps.”
Tony let out a choked noise that was somewhere between a sob and a hysterical laugh, “He thinks its all an adventure. He’s not aware of how close he came to dying, at least I hope…” He inhaled sharply, “I saw him Steve, Killian showed me my Son strapped to a fucking gurney while liquid fire was burning inside him. I fucking saw him writhing in agony and I couldn’t do a shitting thing to save him!”
Clint was tapping his foot on the floor restlessly while Natasha examined her nails with a bored expression on her face as they waited for Fury to arrive.
“People are blowing the fuck up.” Clint added tugging on his bonds, “You gave this shit to Killian right, you put this….whatever it is in his hands he’s using it to kill people.”
Rhodey gave Steve a grateful smile, “Thanks man.”
“Stark!”
A strange look came over the man, one of fear. The asset knew fear, he had seen it on his victims faces many times, he could practically smell it these days.
“Really? Could have fooled me.”
“Frankly Sir, I do not have the time for such things, when I am caring for the dysfunctional siblings I already have, and I believe Cathy wants your attention as she is attempting smoke signals with steam again.”
“Really, it’s a bit early for us to go to bed.”
“Hey, Captain America.” Peter greeted, “Do you like Dr Who?”
Norman Osborn let out a scoff as news reached him via his PA that Peter had regained consciousness and was breathing unassisted with no sign of permanent damage.
Tony moaned and leaned into Steve’s massive body. He felt dwarfed by the sheer bulk of the other man. His hands were not wide enough to span the expanse of his muscles and the power coiled inside them was intoxicating. Tony knew that Steve could snap him in half without even breaking a sweat. He’d probably only need one hand to crush Tony’s throat and yet he was so gentle as he cradled him, his fingers tender almost revering.
Peter shot him a quirky smile, “I thought you weren’t supposed to run away from your problems.” He teased.
Steve snorted and shook his head, while Sam murmured that in some language that word vomit might have made sense.
“I needed you awake.” Steve said, “And it was the best way to wake you up, fun for me and alerting for you.” He flopped down on the bed besides Tony and propped himself up on one elbow. “I’ve got something for you.” He said handing Tony a small box.
“What?”
“I can’t settle him, he wants you, Boss.” Happy said handing the baby over.
When he knocked on the door Tony’s tired sounding voice answered and Steve let himself in, pausing in the doorway, taken aback by Tony’s appearance.
“Yes he is.” Tony said, “And ironically, is why I became Iron Man.”
“Right. Wait, what?” Tony sat up and looked down at Steve, “Are you still playing now or is this something we should be talking about?”
“Not pathetic Sir.” Jarvis said, “A tad hopeless maybe…”
Steve had been great to him so far, hadn’t complained about anything, repeatedly assured him that his feelings hadn’t changed, and did believe him, he really did, Steve was no liar, he was too honest a person for that; but he was a young and virile Alpha with needs, and Tony was going to make sure that those needs for fulfilled even if it killed him.
“This victory shall be Dooms.” Doom said as he appeared in the sky with dozens more bots surrounding him.
“You are not him, the real Mandarin.” Tony said, stating the obvious; this moron couldn’t fix a light bulb without screwing up he certainly couldn’t be the head of a major terrorist organisation. “Where is he?” He demanded of the idiot.
“You can speak to Mr Stark and his Son in the morning.” The security guard said, “Go on home now.”
Tony had a suit for Steve made up in three days. A dark navy blue Kevlar suit, light weight but exceptionally durable, still having the star at the centre of his chest and carrying the characteristics of the original uniform without being as garish.
“For what to happen?” Tony asked, “Where’s Peter?”
“And I am not swimming in that lake, because there are probably mutant piranha in there, or a shark, or a giant crocodile that will eat me. So you’ll have to put up with me being filthy.”
“How? I can’t get near the bastard to finish the job of killing him.”
Pepper nodded, “We can have individual NDA’s drawn up for each of you. No one will be made to do anything they are uncomfortable with.”
Tony continued his work, disabling the engines, while Fury, Maria, and Natasha entered the program he'd designed in Shield’s mainframe and exposed Hydra to the entire world, Pierce and his Hydra goons attempted to stop them resulting in Fury shooting Pierce, the bastards last words being “Hail Hydra,” a final fuck you that just rubbed salt into the wound he’d given Fury with this betrayal of friendship.
“Incorrigible.” Steve said, sliding his fingers underneath Tony and inserting the first digit. Tony stiffened, biting down on his bottom lip. “Alright?” Steve asked,
Tony glanced around at the equipment, “Gimme a day and a half.” He said, “But as I already told Natasha, it’s going to have to be directly uploaded into Shield’s servers, I can put it on a memory stick but I can’t remotely put it into the servers.”
Finally it was Clint and Natasha’s turn. Clint spoke of growing up in the circus, of his own abusive up bringing, how he’d found his way into the military and become a sniper, how Shield had recruited him and eventually how he’d met Natasha.
“Why?” Zach asked, pouting unhappily.
“Its Boss, he’s… he needs help, he’s on the edge of the landing pad.”
“He does have business being here, because I say he has a right to be,” Tony cut Rogers off, turning back to face him, meeting his eyes, his expression as defiant and steadfast as ever Steve had seen a look on his Tony’s face when someone was challenging him.
“That makes all of us.” Clint muttered, he looked around, “So where is T-Bone anyway?”
Natasha and Clint were thrown back too, tucking and rolling, covering their heads as debris rained down on them.
Why wouldn’t it be okay? Tony tried to remember what had happened and frowned when the Doctor asked him if he remembered what had brought him to the hospital.
He could do this, he could be Spiderman, and once he proved that to his parents he would never be treated with kiddie gloves again.
Doable, he’d get lean mince and make his own burger patties and top them with reduced fat slices of cheese. Have air fried chips instead of deep fat fried, have halo top instead of ben and jerries, since the reduced fat version of B&J sucked.
“Friday has already checked, this thing has done nothing but maintain an image for months. No new designs, no changes to anything, just basic repairs and minors modifications to previous designs.”
“Forensic can examine the bones and see if the injuries were consistent with the crash or not.” Matt said. He shook his head, “This must go further than Barnes. Hydra would have had to have the pathologist who examined the bodies at the time, in their pocket. There is no way they could mistake murder injuries for those inflicted by a car crash.”
Peter relaxed immediately and looked to Tony, who had clearly known about this but wanted to let Peter tell Steve in his own time.
“It’s a bit more complicated than that Zach. Your Mamma and Steve do like each-other but they are being careful about becoming more than friends, there are lots of things to consider when getting into a relationship.”
Tony looked around, “Eeewww.”
“About the letter and camp Leheigh?”
Avengers Tower.
Super agility was what they found next as he sparred with Steve, Natasha, and Clint. As he had already had self-defence lessons Peter knew how to fight, but now he was far more flexible and far swifter, being able to dart about far faster than the average human could and had much superior balance. He could catch himself in a jump on his tip toes and remain there without falling at all.
“So that’s why you keep me around, my pretty face.” Steve chuckled kissing Tony’s hair.
Steve looked back over their shoulders to where the Hydra agents were chasing them and made a swift decision, taking hold of Tony by the shoulders he stopped him from running and before Tony had a chance to ask what he was doing Steve had the Omega flipped up over his shoulder and was off and running again, easily catching up with Natasha who was a little way ahead of them.
Clint gave Zach a childs archery set, promising that he’d teach Zach how to use it safely and that he’d never let Zach get hurt.
“Hey Son, I need you to help Tony okay?” Steve said gripping his forehead and rubbing at his temples as he tried to keep calm himself. “He’s having a panic attack, I need you to help him get his breathing under control.”
Curien shrugged and winced, “I don’t know, but I could guess that a man as power hungry and hell bent on control would want to be more than a US General. He’d not be making this army and then give it away to be used by another.”
“I’ll help hide the body.” Natasha said, She then sat up straighter and look Clint in the eye, “We need to consider contingency plans. Hopefully everything will play out in Stark’s favour, but just in case it doesn’t we need to be able to get him, Rogers, and the boys out of this country quickly and safely.”
“I could fly him faster.” Thor said, frowning as he saw the sceptre.
Only, that wasn’t entirely true, was it?
“Yeah.” Tony said, “Of course it’s only a theory and I’m sure religious groups and other scientists would be up in arms over it, but it’s as likely as any other belief out there.”
“I’ll get the steel drum to hold the remains.” Clint put in.
“Will you be joining The Avengers, Captain Rogers?”
“It’ll be alright little one.” Maya said settling herself into the seat besides Zach, “No one is going to hurt you, I promise.”
Tony had bought the evening wear for the team; because, he wanted them to have really nice clothing, but also because he knew that if they were wearing anything other than tailored designer brands, then the society vultures they were going to be mingling with would rip them to shreds.
The damage in the mansion was impressive, there were puddles of water, egg, flour, and torn pillows all over the ground floor, save for the library that Bruce had put off limits.
At the compound Bucky lead the charge against Cull Obsidian, backed up by Spider man and Deadpool.
Taking off his jacket Killian made his way up the stairs, passing through the flames without any difficulty and made his way onto the catwalk. He slowly stalked Tony, laying his hands on the railings and channelled his heat into the metal turning it red, then white hot as he walked.
Miami.
“I know, but… it’s so real, so real.” Tony whispered, “The dreams, I keep having them, even when I’m awake and… everyone hates me, blames me, wants me to die.” He looked up at Steve large haunted eyes, “I’m so tired, so tired it hurts, but if I go to sleep then…then the dreams come and it makes everything worse.”
“This is where the power source is, Sir.” Jarvis said as they reached what looked to be miles of machinery to Steve.
“Ugh you see what happens?” Tony complained to no one in particular, “You have kids, you spend months, years even nurturing them, giving them the best of everything and as soon as they get a shiny new suit to play with they think they can walk all over you!”
“I’ve heard of kids bouncing off the walls but sticking to them sounds a little extreme!” The host chuckled, “And you and Mr Stark decided to keep the enhancements private for the time being.”
“Vehicles have been here recently.” Steve observed as they crossed the gravel and dirt noting the tire tracks.
Steve got Peter lifting various weights in the gym, they started with just 3 K which anyone could lift and gradually increased the weights until Peter was lifting 400lb with no difficulty.
“There’s plenty left.” Bruce said, looking a little guilty over them having taken over Tony’s kitchen.
“You are not the boss of me.” Tony said but began to devour the bagels anyway.
As they reached the Tower, Steve noticed a couple of familiar faces and smiled as they drew closer.
“Zach, come on, don’t be like this…” Steve began trying to reach for him, but Zach was damn fast when he wanted to be, he shoved past Steve and dodged Pepper, kicked Rhodey in the shins and bolted for the door.
So far he hadn’t convinced Steve to push his chair really fast or to get a chair for himself to race him but he figured it was only a matter or time, Clint would be totally up for that, so would Zach and Peter.
“Where did you learn to dance?” Tony asked, impressed by the Captain’s grace and skill. Rogers had always spent the nights propping up the bar with Clint, unable to dance and refusing to ever set foot on the dance floor, since he never got that first dance with Aunt Peggy.
He was panting and shaking by the time he got up the first flight and had to give himself a moment to breathe before he carried on, but the second he lifted his foot to take the step he felt something pop and a rush of water soaked his trousers.
“Bossman is attempting to make you breakfast in bed, Captain Rogers.” FRIDAY informed him, “I do have the fire department on standby and am ensuring that nothing he concocts will cause death!”
“Leme go!” Zach cried starting to fight against Steve, “Leme go to my Mamma, I want my Mamma!”
“Duh, the promiscuous one is always the first to be killed!”
Holding his breath, Steve pulled his arm back from Tony, instantly missing the warmth of Tony’s abdomen on his palm and set about pulling his leg free from between Tony’s thighs, after a few attempts he managed to get his leg free and silently cheered for himself. The was only one limb left to retrieve, then he could run… limp off to the bathroom and spend a few minutes relieving himself.
“Yeah, you better, and let Rhodey know and have him tell Pepper. She needs to brace herself for the media storm that’ll be coming her way.” Tony agreed wearily, “And tell them to keep Peter off school, I don’t want kids pestering him with questions of where I am and what’s going on. It’s better he stays home for a few days.”
Steve shook his head, sadly, “No. Reed Richards was able to make a portal to this reality. He had to stay behind to man the controls. Everyone else had already fallen, Tony, my Tony, he died a few days ago,” He had to swallow past the painful lump in his throat as he thought of his husband. A hand touched his shoulder and he glanced to the left, seeing Tony offering him a reassuring smile.
Natasha’s heart had shattered in her chest when the little boy had started crying and asking if it was his fault and if he had done something wrong or was bad.
“As usual, you are doing your thinking with your stomach.” Natasha murmured.
He didn’t say anymore, he didn’t have to, they both knew what he was saying without needing the actual words spoken, they may already be too late.
“Dr Who?” Steve repeated with a frown.
Pepper, ever practical, (Someone had to be) had bought Zach new pyjamas since he was out growing his current sets, but these were all Avengers themed, she also bought him new Iron Man trainers, and, since winter was fast approaching, a new winter coat with Captain America gauntlet gloves, a star spangled scarf, and a cowl hat.
“Bucky!”
“Fine by me.” Tony said, “It’ll be Thor dealing with Zach being sugar hyped tonight not me.” He looked to Zach, who had already managed to cover his mouth and chin in bolognaise sauce, he even had some on his nose and he was enjoying slurping up the spaghetti, grinning widely as he did so.
“Back, belly, pelvis.” Tony groaned, and cried out as another wave hit him.
“Now wait just a minute,” Rogers said, rising to his feet, his chin jutting forward, an air of self-righteous authority about him. “You do not have the right, to come here and start telling us how to act. This is not your home, you have no business even being here..”
“Zach, Stellina, please, I need to speak to you.” Tony said, following Zach into his bedroom, when he didn’t see his Son, he got down onto his belly and peer under the bed where he saw Zach curled up and crying.
******
“It’s gonna be a shit storm isn’t it?” Clint asked, “Once the press get wind?”
Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve, “An unmanned aircraft, of varying size, mine was small, they fly over areas and take photographs and scans and such.” He explained, “Now, looking at the outside of the camp it seems completely deserted, as if no one has been there in ten years or so.” He changed the image to what looked like some kind schematic, “But, if you look inside the structures, or beneath the ground level, there is a power source down there, a massive one, what it’s doing I don’t know, but there is no reason that the military or Shield would keep a defunct base so powered up, that just doesn’t make sense, practically or costly.”
“I’m sorry.” He whispered trying to bury his face into Steve’s chest, tried to bury his shame, the shame of being an infertile Omega, a useless mate to his Alpha.
Steve scowled. He hated it when Tony talked badly about himself. He’d hated it back in his reality and he hated it in this one too.
“It’d just be another reason of why I am not recommended for Shield.” Tony finished and a grin, “Sure, fine, suits me. Wikileaks will love this.”
One would have thought that the two adults would be bored out of their skulls following a kid around an amusement park, but actually Steve and Tony had a good time, alternating taking Zach on the rides he was big enough to go on and accompanying Peter onto the bigger rides, while one of them stayed with Zach.
Steve hated that. Hated that this Tony felt that he somehow deserved to be punished for his past, for mistakes he had made. Yes, he had been a weapons manufacturer. So? How did people think that the Military got their weapons? How did they think that they got body armour, radios, and all the other equipment that they used? Most of it came from outside contractors like Tony, and while he was known for the weapons he had designed and sold to the US military, that was not all he had provided. Choppers, Air-craft carriers, Body Armour, Helmets, even medical equipment!
Tony’s brain was going through a complete short circuit, he couldn’t think beyond Steve’s lips upon his own, how soft they were and how tenderly he pressed them against Tony’s own, the scent of his skin, how smooth it was, not silken but smooth, like genuine velvet, and how large his hands were, how strong they were, how capable and powerful, they could crush him with simple flick of the wrist, but he was holding Tony as gently as one would spun glass.
Steve grit his teeth and shook his head, “How did he become this?” he asked, not really speaking to Natasha, more just speaking aloud, “The man I knew would never have done such a thing. Risking his own Son’s life, experimenting on him like that.” Steve shook his head again, “I just don’t understand.”
“It was complicated,” He said, “Yes Bucky remembered himself, remembered me, but he wasn’t the man I knew either. That man died in nineteen forty two. The Bucky that came back had those memories, but he had been changed by the experiences he’d been through since then, all the trauma, all horror, it left its mark. He was in part still Bucky, but he wasn’t the care free, cock sure little shit I’d grown up with” Tony snorted a little at the description and Steve grinned, “He was matured, beyond his years. Hardened and far more cynical, but he was still Bucky, still loyal to a fault and ready to step up if we ever needed him. So, yes, we did get him back, he was just different to the kid I knew.”
Peter heard a shuffling and then the electric hum of a biometric lock in use followed by the swipe of a card and the door shuddered, the metal hinges grinding at it slowly slid back up allowing the security team and a Man in a Doctor’s overcoat to come into the room.
The bath was still present and Peter said they’d spoken with the team that had fitted the bathroom but decided not to make any changes there since Tony generally preferred to shower rather than bath and if he did decide to bathe then Steve could easily lift him in and out.
“Meet Gingerbread and Espresso.” Tony said, “Bruce and Happy are suckers for Zach’s puppy eyes and took him and Peter to a shelter, where Zach donated all of his allowance and adopted the fleabags.”
Howard scoffed, sneering at his wife, but his eyes held a trace of fear at being charged for harming his infant Son.
“I’m going to send you to a damn carnival side show!” Tony yelled at the Bott after one such incident, “You can spend the rest of your existence shooting at bullseyes so little kids can win stuffed toys!”
“It’s not like that.” Tony said, fighting back the urge to cry, stupid hormones. “I just…. You deserve to have a baby, I want to give you a baby and I can’t do that without help. I let you down on that, my stupid body let us down and I didn’t want to be even more of a disappointment, or less than a younger and healthier Omega.”
“Please try to remember you are in a public place gentlemen.” Pepper sighed, then , when Tony showed no signs of coming up for air she wrapping her fingers into his hair and tugged on it until he lifted his head up complaining about her scalping him. “Public forum Tony, save groping Captain America for the privacy of your bedroom.”
“Pleasant dreams Master Peter.” Jarvis said as he dimmed the lights.
*****
“No.” Tony said, “I’m done being a slave to my past. I’m going in.” He paused as he dipped his legs into the water, “Just…don’t…”
Thankfully he’d been able to hide this from Steve, even the ten pounds he’d gained, most of which was water from the amount he was retaining and he was making the effort to bite his tongue so that Steve wouldn’t suffer from his mood swings.
So between them they explained the situation to Sam, how they had discovered that Hydra had no only survived but was thriving, how Bucky had been found and turned into an assassin for Hydra, that he’d been the one to attack them and apparently had no idea who he was or who Steve was. How they had fought him and escaped barely with their lives and wound up in Sam’s backyard.
Eighteen months went by before Thanos attacked, giving Tony and the Avengers time to get the weapons into orbit around the planet, equip the compound for battle, and to build shelters in every major city around the world.
“Uh huh, bad words that I’m not allowed to say.”
They were in Vienna and were going to address the UN. Or rather Tony was going to make his case to the UN and attempt to get permission to launch laser targeting weapons into space and have them take up synchronous orbit about the globe to be used to deal with Thanos and his forces when he came calling.
Tony couldn’t help but wince at the mention of Sokovia, he might not have been completely responsible for Ultron, but he was partly responsible and would always carry guilt over what had happened there. However, it seemed he was the only one who did. He couldn’t say for sure what Banner was feeling since he’d disappeared, but Maximoff clearly didn’t feel any guilt for what had happened and the part she had played in it.
“Hey Pete.” Steve said sitting down on the side of the bed, he gently ran his fingers down the cat’s back earning a trill and another blink from Espresso, “So, how’s it going?” He asked aiming to sound as nonchalant as he could.
Panting slightly, Steve stood besides him, “Mr Stark.” He greeted.
“Tony?” Steve asked looking to his lover, “You have the most experience of dealing with the media, what do you think?”
“She certainly is,” Tony said, unsticking his tongue from the roof of his mouth, “Steve, this is our worlds Birdbrain, Feather head, this is Steve Rogers.”
“And his enhancement came from a spider bite?”
“Certainly, Mr Hogan.” Jarvis replied.
*****
“You got all your schoolwork done?” Tony asked Peter once Zach was in bed.
“Don’t go!” Tony’s voice came out as a frightened and hurried whisper, “You can’t… you’ll… they’ll get you if you go.”
As Hydra soldiers poured out of the castle and down the snow covered hills they were met by the Avengers, Clint’s arrows fired with blinding speed, hitting the engines of cars and exploding, making the cars blow with them, getting into the spokes of the bikes and jamming the wheels which sent the drivers flying over the handbars to land in the cold snow and get picked off by Natasha, who was tackling the soldiers that were on foot. This changed when Clint picked off the oppupants of a decent looking jeep, “Wanna ride?” he asked her.
“I know.” Tony said. He wasn’t keen on the press finding out he was paralysed, he was still struggling to accept it himself, but he knew that Pepper was right, the media would discover this sooner or later and it would be better if it was on Tony’s terms rather than theirs.
“Honestly, I think they are both hopeless.”
This good news, along with Peter being fully free of the tranqs that Maya had shot him full of had everyone in much higher spirits by the time they reached New York and headed for the hospital, where Peter was being kept in just for observation.
From there it was hell on earth, quite literally, except the demons were called Chitauri and they came from a portal in the sky not out of the bowels of the earth.
Steve was standing in his workshop, dressed in a skin tight white T-Shirt, teamed up with stone wash jeans, and an unbuttoned shirt. Lily was cradled to his chest, sucking on her thumb and gazing about with her big bright eyes in wonderment.
This quieted Steve as he knew that they had to get Bucky safe before taking on Stark.
A silence fell as the team took in the news of Thor’s loss, a loss they all, save for Sam knew all too well, having all lost their own Mothers.
“Brat.” Tony said, “Go to sleep at midnight or I’ll have Jarvis play all of Steve’s PSA video’s on repeat.”
“No, Stellina, no. It doesn’t work that way.” Tony assured his Toddler, “You are perfect, you are my star, nothing your Father did has any influence on you or the man you will become.”
As soon as the doors opened and Tony wheeled out onto the foyer they press swarmed, shouting questions at him and snapping photos, blinding and deafening both him and Steve.
“I suppose I should be thankful that Dr Dumbass hasn’t sent me anything.” Tony said with a roll of his eyes, he was actually very touched by the amount of well wishing and gifts he was receiving.”
“Nothing good.” Steve growled, very aware of how much time had passed and how bad that was for Tony and Peter.
Silently he rose and made his way to the nearest bathroom, ignoring the looks that followed him from Thor and Bruce, the slightly awed, slightly frightened looks from other people waiting in the waiting room for news of loved ones.
“Hell yeah I wanna race, lemme get an office chair…”
“Can manage the drop?” Steve asked Natasha, she understood what he meant immediately and nodded,
The job they had doing manual labour for cash in hand wasn’t much, but it covered the rent and brought grocery’s, including a pound of plums a week.
The questions of Tony’s abilities as a parent infuriated Steve and had it not been for the whole team calming him down, Steve would likely have stormed the offices of the papers printing the trash and given their editors the dressing down of their lives.
“And what are you going to expand it into?” Steve asked,
Tubes and wires rose up and out from beneath the brace connecting to dozens of machines that beeped and hummed, yet more tubes extended from Tony’s arms, IV’s were set up and were slowly dripping fluids into his veins, blood, saline, antibiotics, pain relief. Under the bed sheets more tubes were inserted into Tony’s anus and urethra to collect the waste as drained from his body, discretely being drained away into bags that were hidden from view.
*****
Tony was right. Rhodey did indeed freak and insisted on coming over to the Tower, as did Pepper, so both were there when Matt arrived.
“Well we can keep it simple.” Tony said, “We don’t have to go extravagant. We can just go to the court house with our friends and then have a reception here.”
“Well only those who don’t have hard on’s for Cap.” Tony replied shrugging nonchalantly.
“Don’thaveacrush.” Peter mumbled making Steve laugh.
“What? why would you ask that?” Tony asked.
“Keep sassing me and you will be grounded.”
“Great.” Tony said, looking around, “You are never baby sitting again, and you!” He pointed an accusing finger at Rhodey who was trying to be invisible as he cleaned up cracked eggs, “I trusted you to be the sane one, to be the actual adult here, what the fu…. Fumble happened?”
Vaguely he was aware of Zach crying and the others calling out, but all he could focus on was the lack of air and the cold closing in on him.
“I’ve got EMT’S on the way.” Fury told Tony over the coms as Tony stepped out of his suit and knelt down besides Steve. The Captain had been beaten within an inch of life, he was frighteningly still and cold to the touch.
“Jarvis, suit.” Tony ordered heading for the door,
“But this wouldn’t be for the military.” Steve protested, “It’d be used only in defence of the planet, not a domestic war.”
Steve groaned, “You’ll get me shot.” He took a breath and nodded his head, “Okay if we’re going to do this, we’re going to do it carefully and slowly, increasing the weight 50lbs a time.”
The first step was awakening a new AI Friday.
“Enough!” Natasha barked. “We don’t have time for this. Go and get your shit and get on the jet. We have to get the hell out of here before the Police come calling, and believe me, they will come calling.” When Steve looked ready to protest she employed a different tactic, “We can go and fine Barnes,” She said, in a softer tone,  “Take him somewhere safe.”
Tony sniffed, “If you want to get any then don’t mock my celebratory food choices.”
Peter had thrown his arms about Tony and hugged him so tight that Tony had trouble breathing when he’d opened the Stark made play station that not only had hand controls, but also virtual reality viewing and audio. The team had known about this and had gotten him games to play on the gaming system that Peter couldn’t wait to show to Ned.
“Maybe not a battalion, but I’d say there is a cannon and a couple of good sized balls there!”
Hydra Base
He fell to the ground dropping the scalpel and clutching at his destroyed shoulder and limp limb, screaming in agony and blood poured from the wound.
Sheltered in a hidden escape tunnel, Doctor Curien hurried on his hands and knees panting as the tunnel shuddered with exploding building and falling debris. The self destruct had always been the plan if the true nature of the facility was ever discovered, he, as the head of the medical sciences had been the only one in the know about it, having been told by Norman what to do if the security was breeched.
She didn’t offer false platitudes of “Everything will be fine” which Peter was grateful for, there was no way of knowing if everything would be fine, and saying that would be insulting to his intelligence.
“I remember.” Tony purred back, he greeted the rest of the journalists whom he noted had all been specially chosen. They were none of them gutter press, they were decent fact finding journalists who reported real news not trashy gossip, they were more likely to write a factual and favourable story than sensationalize Tony’s injuries and make it seem like his life was over.
Tony lay listless in bed. He wanted to get up and get out of Shield Medical, but his leg had yet to finish healing, something the Doctors estimated would be done in a month rather than the three months that normal people would have to wait.
Tony was feeling all of that already and it had only been a few days, he had weeks if not months of this ahead of him and wasn’t sure he was going to be able to keep from breaking beneath the weight of it all.
“Yes, on a school trip to Oscorp. Spiders that had been exposed to radiation broke out of their containment and bit him. He was very sick and on life support for some time afterwards. Then his enhancements began to present with his senses first, then his strength, healing, and as we later found out, his ability to stick to surfaces.”
“Oh fuck me.” Tony moaned realising that this was Steve’s revenge for his Captain America swimming trunks.
“I’m sorry.” He whispered feeling sick at his actions and more than a little worried at what his parents would say.
“Careful.” Rhodey cautioned him, “If they are buried beneath destabilizing the debris could put them in danger.” Hulk paused and grunted, then he began to lift huge chunks of metal and concrete, throwing them across the camp as if they were pillows.
“Okay MJ I’m gonna need you to disable to alarms.” He said taking hold of the side of the skylight rim.
He didn’t have long to think on it though as Killian was still on the war path and came charging at him his skin burning with the liquid fire in his veins.
“Understood.” Thor said taking his end of the stretcher,
“I like this guy.” Clint said leering at Stern, “Can I shoot him?”
He still had bladder and bowel control which was something he was very thankful for, while he may yet walk again with a support of his own devising, there was nothing he could create that could have made a loss of bowel and bladder function any better for himself. Well, maybe he could, but it would take a lot of thinking out than a brace.
“That won’t help him, not emotionally.” Natasha said, “We need to get through to him, speak with him so he’ll see sense.”
Peter waited an hour, listening out with his senses until he was sure that Tony was asleep, then he got up and headed for the lab, jumping out of his skin when Jarvis asked him what he was doing and groaned as the Bots came out of their charging stations curious to see their visitor in the night, which for once wasn’t their creator.
Unable to stop himself Steve laughed, “We won.” He said even though it felt like an understatement.
This would have been more than enough for most parents. A healthy baby boy. But Howard Stark was not most parents.
Tony groaned, “If we do so then I want at least a camper van, my poor aged back can’t handle these air beds!”
Steve’s eye twitched, “Why don’t you put your money where your big mouth is, Tin Can?”
Tony tried to rack his brains thinking if there was anything that could have upset Steve in the past twenty four hours, honestly he couldn’t think of anything at all. Maybe Cap was just antsy about going to shield/hydra, shieldra? Was that a thing, that should be a thing, Tony would definitely have to make that a thing.
*****
“How could you?” Tony snarled at him, his voice thunderous, “How fucking could you?”
“And what if you don’t get “Knocked up” Pepper Asked him, “Or what if, what I assume are hormones to increase ovulation, cause you to conceive a high multiple birth. The Doctor’s attending you will need to know if it was natural or if you had fertility treatment, at which point Steve would find out, and a multiples pregnancy increases risk of miscarriage, premature birth, and birth defects. Not to mention the fact that these drugs could damage you, there have been cases of them causing phantom pregnancies, ovarian cysts, and all sorts of things.”
That was an obvious change of subject, clearly Tony didn’t want to talk about it and Steve didn’t know the man well enough yet to push for information. He climbed onto the bike and started the engine, “You do know that the City is still in shambles.” He said,
“Bucky!” Rogers cried, getting to his feet and running towards him, “I’ve missed you so…” That was as far as he got before Bucky’s metal fist was meeting his face.
The natural thing to do would be to get up and go to the bathroom, but Bucky didn’t feel right about doing that, he was scared that if he moved then he would wake the others and… well he wasn’t sure he knew what would happen or even why he was scared, he just knew that he was, so he stayed in the chair, ignoring his bladder and bouncing his knees as he counted the seconds that slowly passed into minutes, watching the sleeping faces of the men before him, maybe he could sneak to the bathroom without them knowing?
“Mamma?” Zach whispered, his throat was so dry from crying that he could barely get the word out and his voice was hoarse and scratchy as he spoke. He cringed again as Killian grinned at him.
“He kidnapped his cousin?” Tony asked, frowning, “And ran someone over with a taxi?”
“Get up Peter, Santa’s been!” Zach enthused, pulling back the duvet and began to tug on Peter’s arm until Peter got out of bed, he insisted on being allowed to go to the bathroom first so he could relieve himself and brush his teeth before he accompanied Zach to go and wake up Steve and Tony.
“I know I’m a disappointment to you. I know you wished that Howard were here and not me, and I know you blame me for everything that goes wrong…”
“Which is why you shouldn’t be bare foot.” Pepper scolded him with a poke in Tony’s ribs, “You need to get that sorted.” She said pointing to the hole in the floor, “How did that happen?”
“Sorry.” Steve said uselessly, there was nothing he could do, even with Super strength he couldn’t shift the weight from his back, he couldn’t move an inch.
“This means war!”
“You are acting like you are, being more dramatic than usual.” Pepper rose a challenging eyebrow at him, “Plus suffering an upset stomach.” She said nodding to the bottle of ginger ale in his hand, “Just like when you were pregnant with Zach.”
“Yes Sir. Hail Hydra.”
“Just for a little while.” Tony said looking to Peter.
He could ask Steve, but the Captain had his own life to lead, and likewise, Bruce had his work, as did Happy, and while they might not mind a few days of baby sitting, they weren’t prepared to take on a growing child twenty four hours a day seven days a week.
“No!” Tony panted, sucking in loud labouring breaths, he struggled against Steve, tears running down his red cheeks and sobbing as Steve held him tight, turning him so his face was pressed against his broad chest.
Thor was besides him, also watching, “He’s not slowing down.” The Thunder God said spinning Mjolnir ready to take to their, but suddenly Hulk was leaping up to catch the Iron Man and bring him safely down to the ground.
*****
“Ohh he is so feisty, and seriously hot when he is mad. I’ll bet that you could fry eggs on that suit of his!”
Steve’s cheeks flushed at this and Tony snorted with laughter, “Okay, enough dirty and baby talk for one night, let’s get some sleep before Zach bursts in here demanding pancakes at dawn.”
It didn’t take long for Zach to fall asleep. He’d had a very stressful day and it taken a lot out of him; Tony and Peter had only gotten three pages into his bedtime story when he’d fallen asleep.
Tony sighed, he liked cats, but he wasn’t sure that he had the time to deal with pets, however, one look at Zach playing with both kittens on the couch with such a look of adoration on his face and Tony knew he couldn’t say no.
Tony’s didn’t want to look up but he couldn’t stop himself from doing so and he let out a long keening cry when he saw Peter standing before him, his intestines hanging outside of his body.
Peter shivered and swallowed hard forcing himself to speak without a tremor in his voice, “I won’t tell you anything.”
“I’m not him.” The words were out of his mouth before he could stop them and Tony regretted them the moment he saw the hurt on Steve’s face.
Tony pursed his lips and frowned hard as he thought, “We’d need to draw up a contract with the producers.” He said to Pepper, “NDA’s regarding some things, subjects that are not to be brought up, and final decision on all footage before it’s released to the public.”
“It must be so confusing for you, Captain.” An elder Senators wife was saying.
“Why?” Steve asked, “Pete why would you do this?”
Then not only would her former masters in Russia be after her, but the USA and possibly the UN. That left very few countries she could bolt to, and none of them really places she wanted to go.
“Tony you’re eyes flashed red!”
“I err, yes.” The Principal said, “Although perhaps some lesson changes may be wise, to separate Peter from Harry and Eugene.”
“It will, thank you.” Tony said hugging his son, “I can also use it to grab other things too!” he swiftly demonstrated by using the grabber to pinch Steve’s ass!
“The orange hides dark circles under the eyes.” Tony said, he had a ton of his under his eyes and concealer was now being painted on.
Firing up the repulsers, Tony closed the face plate and circled back around, “Maximoff, Wilson, Vision, back off. This is between me, Rogers, and Romanoff.”
Howard held his three month old infant away from his body. The boy was perfect, or so the Doctors had said when he was delivered. Ten toes, eight fingers, two thumbs, two eyes that were turning a chocolate brown having previously been blue as all babies were at birth, two ears, and a generous mouth. His scalp was dusted with black hair that was slowly growing, his skin was a golden olive hue, and his little limbs were chubby and perfectly formed.
“Do I have your approval to begin negotiations with the producers then?” Pepper asked them, she waited until she’d gotten nods and various noises of agreements before she rose to her feet, “Alright, I’ll let the PR department know and get back to my afternoon appointments, and Tony don’t forget we have a board meeting tomorrow at eleven am sharp.”
“Nothing.” Steve said, beaming at the pair, “The bath is ready.”
“Sure, should I get some popcorn and beer?” Steve quipped back, as the grainy black and white footage of an old road began to play on the screen.
“He is nothing but a violent bully hanging around with his little friend Trash or Smash or whatever is ludicrous name is.” Tony snarled, “They are both bullies and that little shit attacked a Beta girl for no reason at all!”
“She is indeed, and has been changed and fed by Bossman, and is currently watching the war bossman is having with the kitchen appliances. If it reassures you at all, she seems to find the whole thing very amusing.” Steve couldn’t hold back his laughter and decided to go and rescue the kitchen from Tony before it got set on fire, or blown up, or attacked with a gauntlet if Tony became frustrated and decided to take it out on the kitchen.
“No one survived?” It was Sam who spoke, his voice cutting through the silence and startling everyone.
“So.” He said looking at Tony with a relaxed and sated smile on his face.
Tony’s heats had been erratic even before he’d had Zach. Years of being on suppressants, drinking excessively, his poor diet, and drug abuse over the years, and the palladium poisoning had all had an effect on him. While a regular Omega could expect to have three or four heats a year, Tony could have two or he could end up with as many as six. The unpredictability made it difficult for him to plan accordingly.
“What about you jumping up and down at Midnight? With all the sugar you’ve had you’ll be hard to put to bed!” He bit his tongue and his cheeks reddened as he realized how that sounded after he’d said it. “I mean umm, well, you’ll need to burn off the energy too.” He stammered, trying to rectify the situation.
“I’m not going!” Zach said wrapping his arms around Tony and buried his head into Tony’s chest, “I’m not leaving you and they can’t make me!”
“You have to go home sweetie.” Steve said bending down so he was on eye level with Zach, “You need to go back to school, you can’t miss anymore or your Mamma and me will get into trouble.”
The team had eaten the mince pies, the carrots had been chopped up ready to be roasted and Happy had drunk the sherry.
“Don’t worry baby, I’ll make it up to you tonight.” Steve groaned and tried to focus on walking without a limp.
Always thrilled to be compared to the Doctor, his idol, Zach agreed to keeping his new abilities and his actions a secret, so long as he could tell Peter and Daddy Steve! This Tony agreed to with a laugh and a kiss to Zach’s head.
“Its gonna eat me!” Zach declared staring down at it in horror, “Peter told me about lizards that eat people last night!”
“Captain, a word?”
“That’s true.” Steve agreed with a small smile and stretched out his legs which only gave a few aches of protest, “When do I get out of here?”
“I think it is the wisest choice to absent myself from this conversation.” Jarvis replied, “I shall leave you and Captain Rogers to speak in private, Sir.”
“S’ok Poppet.” Tony whispered to the baby, “Daddy’s coming, it won’t be long now.”
“Captain Iron Girl?” Steve asked Tony who grinned and shook his head,
“May I have this dance?” he inquired.
Tony staggered, his head spinning, blood tricking down his face from a gnash on his forehead, blasting off once more, he lined up the sights to take another shot, only for inhumanly strong arms to wrap about him and a body to force him to the ground, pinning him there.
Zach nodded and hopped off the bed, going over and hugging Steve tightly, “Sorry Daddy, I won’t do it again I promise.”
She could still taste the sugar on her lips as she and Pietro headed for the port, without passports, papers and other documentation there was no way that Wanda and Pietro could get to the USA by plane, there were too many people that Wanda would need to control for them to get there without difficulty, it was easy if they went by sea, but to do that they needed to leave Central Europe and get out to the sea, the fastest way that Wanda could think for them to do so was go by a boat on the Danube.
“Shit.” Peter bent down and began to hurriedly gather the papers and stuff them back into the folder, jumping again when another moan reached his ears. It didn’t sound animal, it sounded more like a human in pain.
“Oh please try.” Tony goaded, “I’d love to see you try and explain to a court how you deserve compensating for the loss of the limb you were using to vivisect my son.”
Tony held a hand over his heart looking mortally wounded while Clint guffawed, “I love this kid!”
Tony didn’t look convinced in fact he looked resigned, “It doesn’t matter now anyway.”
“Bruce?” Steve asked.
“She is… was, Pepper Potts,” Steve replied, “She was surrogate for Tony and I. Lily is biologically their child, and mine by adoption.”
Steve glared at her, “I think it’ll be you and Rogers getting arrested, Romanoff.” He snarled at her. As he carefully helped Tony to get to his feet.
A Billionaire.
Due to his age Tony and Steve did not feel comfortable with him becoming an active member of the Avengers until he was older, they wanted him to enjoy his childhood first and not take on such responsibility. Peter however, as many teenagers do, felt differently to his parents, and became determined to prove himself. He has become somewhat of a vigilante, on several occasions he has fought off muggers, thieves, rapists, and drug dealers over the city. He also decided to investigate Oscorp and the Oscorp Factory on the Nassau county border.
Once they had established that he was lucid the consultant pulled up a chair and sat down besides him.
“Feeling better now, little Champ?” Steve asked Zach, who nodded his head but made his way back to his Mamma, taking his hand, he might have stopped crying but he wanted to be close to Tony for the day.
Tony Stark’s Lab will remain off limits unless specified.
The tense silence was broken by a demanding cry from Lily, whom Clint happily handed to Steve, “I’ve changed her, and fed her, but I think she needs you and Tones before she’ll settle.”
For increasing ovulation in Omegas. One syringe to be injected into the abdomen daily.
Steve closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh, he felt for Tony, for all he’d gone through trying to make his body ready for a pregnancy only for it to come to nothing.
Peter was allowed home three days after Steve’s interview. For this alone, MJ and Ned’s parents allowed the two out of their grounding lock down and took them to the Tower to see Peter and share in his homecoming party which the team had put together for him.
“No need to get so upset.” Natasha added, eyeing Steve and Tony. They weren’t bonded, but Steve was giving off protective vibes like a beacon, he was practically screaming out, “My Omega, My Omega!” and the funniest part was, he didn’t seem to realize that he was doing it.
Likewise Steve found himself sleeping easier, his nightmares growing fewer and not lasting as long or being as intense. He also found himself opening up to Tony more and more on the nights that the two of them couldn’t sleep.
“I don’t know.” Tony cried, “It hurts, it really fucking hurts.”
Clint muttered something uncomplimentary about Tony’s parentage but was soon dropping down from the vents. “That’s a good look on you Stark.” He snickered at the foam, “But then the less I can see of you the better.”
“When will they be back, no, don’t answer that, that’s stupid. Can we help them?” Peter asked, “I want to help.”
The happy post-Christmas contentment continued past Boxing day, heading for New Year, Rhodey was sadly called back to base to be sent out and Pepper and Happy had to return to Malibu. They had been gone only two days when Happy was put in hospital by an explosion presumed to have been caused by the new terrorist who called himself The Mandarin.
Zach was in agony. His whole body was throbbing from the inside out. He felt like he was burning, like he was on fire and it hurt so much. He’d screamed until his voice had broken, cried until he’d run out of tears, all he could do now was sob silently and dryly, wishing that his Mamma would come and find him.
Tony glowered at the detectives before him, his face a twisted mask of rage and incredulity, “Are you fucking kidding me?” He demanded.
“Oh God, Oh my God, What have I done!” Tony cried, as he and Steve got into the limo, “What have I done?”
Criminal prosecution was not something General Ross took that much interest in, not unless it was something involving terrorists or the Avengers.
“I wouldn’t mind something a little less flamboyant, actually.” He said, “The costume always made me think of those stage days with that god awful dance routine.”
“Establishing now.” Friday replied, “Accessing data from secure satellite. Sir was on mission with the Avengers, Sir has been severely wounded and is enroute to a hospital in Prague. Mini Starks, Boss Lady, Platypus, and Happy Hogan are also enroute. As of yet the media have not been informed of this. Question, should the media be kept in the dark indefinitely?”
“Yeah, not the first time, and if Cap’s kinky it won’t be the last either.” Tony said with nonchalant shrug, while mentally calculating how long it would take for the suit to reach him.
“Tony I am real!” Steve protested,
In the days that followed Tony’s confession and last nightmare, the Omega set about working with Jarvis and Bruce, taking scans of the Sceptre and readings that meant nothing to Steve or the rest of the team but meant a lot to the geniuses.
On the second day into Tony’s coma Friday had downloaded and extracted the information that had been collected from Strucker’s base and Jarvis displayed it for the Avengers in the quinjet, temporarily leaving his bedside vigil of Tony and having a Legionnaire take his place at standing guard over the slumbering genius.
“Do not bullshit me Rogers.” Tony growled, “Or, I swear to God I will blow your excuse for a brain right out of your skull!”
It would be easy to blame the inevitable failure of this relationship on Steve Rogers, but really the blame will be on Tony Stark. He is in a position of power over Steve Rogers and whether knowingly or not, he is taking advantage of the Captain while he is still very vulnerable.
“Right away Sir.” Jarvis said, “However it appears that several feet of metal now lay between yourself and the suit, and I have detected a missile, several in fact.”
Peter’s nose wrinkled, “Spiderling!” Zach giggled.
*****
Tears flowed down Peter’s face as he panted and strained against the restraints, everything was going wrong, had gone wrong, and now he was going die the most horrific death imaginable.
“PETE!” He yelled upon seeing his brother.
“hey Cap, what brings you to Casa de Stark?” Clint greeted, his attention mostly on the infant.
Thor shot Steve a reproachful look, tugging his arm free and marched forward seizing Zach and holding him to his chest, “Open the window!” He shouted at Sam who swiftly pulled it open allowing Thor to fly out with Zach blazing in his arms.
“Shut up Stark and hold still.” Natasha said as she got the setting power ready and brushed it under his eyes.
Tony was still getting the Tower back together, so he went there everyday, taking Bruce with him to introduce him to his R&D division and get his input on the labs.
“I tried to set it.” Steve said immediately feeling guilty about having put Tony at risk of further pain.
“How do I feel about what?” he asked, Christine,
“Then we wait.” Natasha pulled back onto the plastic chairs and sat down, stretching out her feet in front of her, “And be ready to move out the second there is news.”
“Nu-uh, humans can’t melt, can them, Uncle Bruce?”
“Because I needed to speak with Tony,” Steve sighed, rubbing his temples where a headache was beginning,
“Suck it up wuss, this is serious business.”
Steve gave him a reassuring smile as he sat down on the sofa and rubbed Tony’s shoulder, “I know, that would have been nice; but it’ll be okay, this will all die down in a few days.”
Tony was torturing him mercilessly.
“If this works I shouldn’t even have to sacrifice too much additional space in the suit.” Tony said, “The trick is going to be getting the right amount of movement to the legs. The suits got enough strength to rip my limbs off if they move too hard and fast.”
“One from Boss Lady, a reminder about the Stark Phone mark seven needing to be completed by the end of the week,” Friday replied. Tony winced. Pepper was still keeping a distance from him since their break up. Was only being professional with him. He hoped that one day they’d get their friendship back, but for now, professionalism was all he could hope for.
At the park they split into two teams. Zach insisted he be on Steve’s team with Sam, and Clint. While Peter was on Tony’s team with Natasha. Bruce opted to act as referee not wanting Hulk to become over excited by the activity.
Peter snorted remembering the weeks that had followed with Steve being inundated with Condoms by Tony and Clint, the pair cackling dementedly as they tormented Steve.
Every day Zach opened a door on his advent calendar getting more and more excited as the day drew closer.
“The world is doomed.” Tony said dramatically to Steve who was watching Natasha interacting with Emma, the two were playing dolls, but it was not a pleasant game. Natasha was showing Emma how the dolls could be badass and kick ass and how the high heeled shoes could be used as a deadly weapon as they could be stabbed into a persons eye.
“Steve is fine.”
“Why don’t you and Zach go and pick us all out a movie to watch.” Tony suggested, “PG13 is as high a rating as I’m willing to go.”
Steve sat up on one elbow, his cock already half hard, "Very, very soon."
Bruce smiled, “I think I’ll go with you guys and see what species are in the rock pools.”
“Okay enough, I need to concentrate.” Peter said cutting into Ned’s rant before it got any worse. He stretched out his legs and shook his arms to loosen up then set off at the sprint through the park.
“That means we have to fight though,” Steve said kissing his way down Tony’s jaw and biting down just hard enough to be pleasurable.
******
He had a working prototype of web fluid, he and Tony had gone through many compounds before they had finally found something that would work. It wasn’t exactly like spider silk, it was more like silly string in a way, but it was far stickier and could hold a lot of weight.
"Thank you, we'll let you know what's happening." He said to her.
“I have to talk to the Police, don’t I?”
“I’d appreciate that.” Tony said with a smile, he then looked to Pepper who was fighting tears, “Pep…”
“But Dad…”
“Yeah.” Steve said stretching as he stood up, “Let’s hope this helps.”
“You do realize you are never going to get him out of there now, don’t you?” Pepper said.
“We have Peter.” Tony said, wiping Peter’s face, “You are upset, that means we did something wrong and we need to make sure that this doesn’t happen again.”
“She is going to be a nightmare when she starts walking.” Tony sighed, dreading trying to keep the little imp out of trouble,
He couldn’t exactly make sexy poses or jump on Steve like he used to do, he wasn’t even really sure if sex was going to be possible for them anymore, well, it would, Steve could still fuck him, but he didn’t know if he’d actually get any satisfaction from it.
No he was not going to think that, would not let himself think that.
“You will find this much less painful if you tell me.” Doctor Curien said, reaching behind him he picked up a scalpel and tapped it against Peter’s cheek, “I can get the knowledge myself without your cooperation, but it will be far more unpleasant for you if I have to do so.”
Zach was all wide eyed and opened mouthed awe as he saw them spin and leap high into the air.
“I’m afraid you may not be able to speak right away, that is perfectly normal following intubation.” The Doctor said,
“You kidnapped a child, put another in the hospital.” Natasha growled at her, “You are holding three people captive here and now.”
Peter’s guilt was like acid heartburn. It churned in his stomach, climbed up his gullet and burned at the back of his throat, coating his tongue in a bitter layer and made his jaw ache.
“Tried what, whore?” Steve spat at him, “Tried to be a hero? You are no hero, you’re nothing but a useless, crippled, alcoholic slut.” Tony flinched away at Steve’s scorn, his tears streaking the black soot on his cheeks and making the ash cling to his lashes blurring his vision.
“How about you big guy?” Tony asked Bruce, “Wanna come with me and the boys, or are you gonna go for a dip?”
Tony rolled his lips, his breath hitching as he recalled the cold vacuum, the armada of chitauri on the otherside of the wormhole, just waiting to attack. So many of them, a vast force ready to wipe out life on earth.
But Peter and Zach needed him to be strong, they needed him to be their father. Later, when they were asleep, then he could cry, when they weren’t there to see it, he could break down then, but right now he had to be a grown up and keep his shit together.
“No, Hank Pym created Ultron. When we tangled with an Alien called Kang, the system got corrupted and he turned evil. We eventually managed to defeat him, but Hank left the Avengers, gave up being Antman, though he did become an unofficial Avenger again, Yellow Jacket,” Steve smiled fondly, “He and Tony had some cracking arguments. I think they went out of their way to annoy each other, and Reed? God him and Tony were always at each others throats!” The fond smile turned wistful, “Their gone now,” he murmured, looking down at Lily, focusing on feeding her the banana, “Everyone is, but me and Lily,”
“Anything, just a few words.” Tony said, “And sign your name so I can run a check on the hand writing.”
“Am I hearing things?” Sam asked, looking to Matt who shook his head,
“Cap?” Tony asked, a frown on his face, “What are you doing here?”
Steve lay Tony down on the bed and began to take off the Billionaire’s suit so he’d be comfortable, getting the jacket off was fine, Tony didn’t fight him at all, allowing Steve to move him as needed, but when his hands went to Tony’s neck to take off his tie Tony’s hands gripped his wrists and his terrified gaze locked onto Steve.
*****
He hooked his other arm over the catwalk and hauled himself up, dragging himself over his belly onto the catwalk and squirmed his legs upon it in a graceless manoeuvre, but grace was the last thing he was worrying about right now, finding a way to defeat Killian without getting roasted was the priority.
“How long have you been doing this, is Steve helping you?”
“You can’t sue everyone, Tony.” Natasha said as she came into the common room with Steve and Sam. The three of them had been working out in gym; or rather she’d been kicking the crap out of them in the gym and hardly breaking a sweat doing it.
Steve very nearly let out a girlish shriek as Tony gave his backside a pinch!
Peter shrugged, he might know that was true, but right now he felt too bad to see any good in what he had done. He was terrified of what public exposure could mean for him and Zach, and even if social services kept their noses out, their lives would never be the same again. People would treat them differently, possibly with fear, parents might refuse to have their kids in their presence.
“It’s okay.” Tony said wearily, “You go on to your room and I’ll sort Zach out.” He patted Peter’s shoulder as he went past and even gave him a smile but it didn’t stop Peter from feeling guilty for causing so much trouble. He looked up at Steve his miserable expression giving away just how shitty he was feeling.
Tony couldn't tear himself away from Peter's bedside for more than the five minutes it took for him to the toilets and wash his hands. He was terrified that if he left him then Peter would die and Tony wouldn't be there to at least be holding him hand and telling him that he loved him.
“Steve, I’m scared.” Tony whispered, “I don’t know what to do.”
“What?” Tony shot out of bed and began to stride to the door, “I’ll be right down.”
From the tire, where Steve had sat Zach next to Peter, the boys laughed and clapped as Thor came up spitting water and hair in his face.
Bucky pulled back his fist ready to strike again, but Sam swiftly intervened, holding back the metal arm, “He ain’t worth it man. Let the law deal with this.”
“Next time I will defeat you.” He growled glaring at the gleaming metal suits, “Next time.”
“The bullet went through his back.” Bruce said, not unkindly, but needed Thor to understand what that meant, “It was a centre shot Thor, dead centre, so unless a miracle took place, his spine was hit and most likely severed.”
Natasha however scowled at Tony, “We need to get back to Shield, Dr Banner..”
“No!” MJ yelled pounding her fist on the glass, “His Son, Peter, he’s in danger, you have to let us in!”
Steve shrugged, “I am not ashamed of my sexuality and see no reason to hide it.”
“Told you I was fine.” He said with a smug smirk which remained on his face until Tony landed besides him a face like thunder.
“Good thinking.” Wanda praised him, “Now lets get to the port and find a ship, I’m sure I can convince the crew to take us on board and either get us to a bigger docks or take us all the way to New York.”
“You scared the hell out of me, Peter.” Tony said, sounding hurt as well as angry. “I know you are excited by these new powers but you are not invulnerable and I don’t want to see you get hurt. You need to have respect for these abilities and that means not treating them like toys.”
“No.” Steve admitted, “I could never have imagined this. While it is ignorant to say it, I never really gave much if any thought to how people of colour were treated back then, nor to homosexuals, or the children whose parents beat them. I was not actively against homosexuality, but it was very hushed up, those who were gay did not advertise it, they didn’t dare, and while I suspected that he or she might have had more desire for the same sex I was not the sort of person who would report them to the police. Neither did I engage in any racial brutality, but I also didn’t seek out to put an end to it, not until Nazi Germany happened. Before then I was too focused on the fact I was living during the depression, I was more worried about where the next meal was coming from and if my Ma and I would be able to make next weeks rent.”
Zach might not be related to her by blood, but Natasha loved him all the same and she was damned if she was going to let some narrow minded assholes ruin his childhood through their bigotry.
“He’s enhanced.” Steve said, praying Tony wouldn’t be too angry at him, “He was bitten by a radio active spider a few weeks ago, it’s given him accelerated healing, heightened senses, strength, and speed.”
“No don’t push, for God sakes don’t push!” Clint cried, “Wait until the ambulance gets here.”
The stunned expression on Steve’s face would have made Tony laugh were he not so tired and keen to get out of the Tower and to his kids, “Sta…Tony, I can’t ask that of you.” Steve stammered.
“You’re not enjoying yourself either, how am I supposed to enjoy sex with you if I know you’re not enjoying it?”
One view was that Peter was living in the lap of luxury, was constantly showered with expensive gifts, had all the latest gadgets, wore designer clothing, had an unlimited allowance and had his whole future already bought and paid for, with places in ivy league schools and vast trust fund already set up for him. In short, they thought he was a spoiled brat, and that Tony was making up for loss of Peter’s family with materialism.
“Are you cool with this?”
Tony blinked, surprised, “That actually sounds like a Gala I would like to attend, God knows it’ll be a hell of a lot more fun than the usual ones, full of stuffy old farts and brain dead socialites.”
As he reached the cliff face Sam and Bruce took hold of Tony and lifted him out of the sea, carrying up to a space they could lay him out fully.
The Con side argued that this was just a way of passing the buck, saying it was just as likely a military person would have ended up just as injured, and that Tony could not be considered an amateur when he was the creator of the armour and had spent the better part of two decades in war zones when he had been the weapons contractor for the military.
“I can, as it happens,”
“I have informed Miss Potts, Colonel, Rhodes, and Mr Hogan of what has occurred. Miss Potts will be collecting Master Peter and Master Zach from their schools and will join you at the hospital in Prague.”
Peter was anxiously bouncing on the balls of his feet as he came into the lab, Tony was oiling Dumm-E and checking his joints but rose immediately.
The only saving grace was that he was very used to the symptoms of pre-heat now and knew exactly what it meant when he awoke with his skin feeling prickly, a dull ache in his pelvis, soreness in his breast tissue, and a heavy feeling in his belly.
Peter yelped as Zach leaped on him and began to shake him, disturbing Espresso who had curled up on Peter’s pillow during the night, the black kitten grumbled at the disturbance and jumped off the bed, padding out of the room to go and find somewhere quieter to catch up on her sleep.
He was finished with the Avengers. No longer fit to be Iron Man. He had proven to the courts that he was not directly responsible for Ultron, that the intelligence had already been present in the sceptre before he and Bruce had done anything. The scans they had on it had triggered something “Magical” for want of a better term and it had latched onto the Ultron programme that Bruce and Tony had been developing, attacked Jarvis and stolen one of the Iron Legion suites to create itself a body.
“Sweetheart?” He greeted making his way over to Tony. “What’s wrong?” he asked, wrapping his arms about Tony’s waist and pressed himself flush against Tony’s back, placing a kiss onto the sensitive skin on the back of Tony’s neck.
“Your Aunt would be pissed at you.” Tony scolded and Steve’s head whipped around to look at him.
“No, sweetheart, you’ve done nothing wrong.” He assured the Pup, “I just had a bad time in the snow a long time ago and today made me think of it. But it is nothing you have done I promise.”
“We need an early warning system to tell us about Lord of the Rings Characters going batshit in London?” Clint asked not bothering to duck when Natasha slapped the back of his head.
“Vesuvius?” Tony asked, “Sure, why not.”
“We were all very worried though.” Steve said, giving Tony a tremulous smile and the Billionaire squeezed his hand to let him know that he was alright and wasn’t going anywhere.
Rogers’ eyes widened and his expression turned murderous, “You told the Police?” He shouted at Tony, grabbing him by the arms and shaking him violently. Tony let out an animalistic howl at his broken arm being jostled, and Rogers was landed flat on his back, as Steve’s fist met with his face for a second time. This time it broke his nose, completely smashing it.
“They could say that home isn’t safe since we’ve both become enhanced.” Peter murmured,
There was a choice of Asparagus spears with poached free range duck eggs, citrus cured salmon with avocado and caviar, or Foie Gras for a starter.
Six hours were what it took for Tony to get Bucky released into his and Steve’s custody. Matt had been on the phone with the authorities while flying over with Sam and Vision, and made the case for Bucky to be extradited to America as soon as Tony’s business with the UN was complete. After a lot of legal debating and persuading he managed to get Bucky freed from the Police cell, and into the Avengers Custody by midnight, with all of them standing responsible should Bucky attempt to flee.
“You gotta ess’plain to me why Mamma wont tell Steef that he likes him.” Zach said drawing Bruce’s attention back to him.
“J, what the fuck?” Tony groaned, rubbing his face and reluctantly shifting from his cocoon of duvet and Steve.
“I couldn’t get on board with what they are doing. Hiding the murder of a friends parents, lying to them while living off their dime, its fucked up, its… Christ I don’t even know the word for it its so sickening.”
The thought of his bright bubbly son left impaired had Tony sobbing into Steve's arms, the Captain quietly crying into Tony's hair as he comforted the Billionaire.
Steve went with them refusing to be separated from Peter right now, the last thing the kid needed was to be apart from him when his whole world had been turned upside down.
“It’s not fair, it’s not fair!” He screamed, his face red and eyes full of tears.
Knocking on Peter’s bedroom door, Steve waited until Peter invited him in then strode through the door with a smile on his face.
Keeping Zach out of the loop was pretty easy given his age. He accepted being told that his Mamma was busy and that he’d call later, he could be distracted with games, Dr Who, food, and other things.
“That’s quite alright.” Steve said, “People often don’t recognise me out of uniform right away.” That much was true, the uniform and shield were the first things that people saw when it came to Captain America, it often took people a few moments to recognise him in civies.
“We haven’t found any of them though, unless they are hiding.” Peter pointed out, getting a few more shells to go into the bucket. He made his way along the shoreline and peered into another pool, “I think I’ve found some prawns.” He called out, “Can we eat them?”
“Fuck!” Tony buried his face into the pillow but Zach kept on tugging at the duvet and shaking his shoulder, refusing to let Tony sleep again.
He was also darker than Steve’s Tony. His eyes were a rich chocolate brown, when Steve’s Tony’s eyes had been a golden hazel, his hair a dark brown, where this Tony’s hair was jet black.
“Now Peter.” Tony said his jaw tense with anger. “You are grounded for a week and this time I mean it.”
If he stayed here, if he didn’t feel for a pulse then he could at least keep a hold of his dreams for a little bit longer, just a few more seconds…. Then he was moving, he was running because he heard the tiniest most pitiful moan echo in the chamber and he knew he had not made it himself.
Zach bit his bottom lip, his eyes shining with tears, “M’sorry uncle Thor.” He whimpered, “Didn’t mean to hurt you.”
She had allowed the small display of Zach’s powers but didn’t want him to be constantly dealing with demands by the kids to show what he could do. He might have a good handle on his powers but accidents could still happen and if one of the kids got hurt then no matter what Tony said or did that would be the end of Zach’s schooling.
“I’m not short, Mamma is short!”
Stark Tower
“Nah Man, go right ahead.”
“Both actually.” Tony admitted, “At first I was kidding but now I think about it, why not?” He asked her, “We put Undergrads through College, why not educate kids ourselves at earlier ages?”
“Unlikely.” Natasha relied, “He has a good head start, he’s probably already been enveloped back into the arms of Hydra. If we had known of him the day he ran then maybe we could have traced him, but after so long….”
“You a maniac.” Tony whispered.
Considering Howard’s jealousy and his arrogance, it was not hard to imagine him not liking being outshone by his Son, especially by an Omega, whom in Howard’s youth would have been seen the same as a Beta Woman, good for caring for a house and having Pups.
“Uh, was I interrupting something?” Sam asked looking between the two.
“Welcome.” Jarvis greeted as the new AI came online, “Please state your name and your purpose for security recognition.”
The director snorted, “Go on and get out of here the pair of you.”
“That doesn’t matter.” Norman shouted, “A slap about the face is hardly the same as a beating.”
Steve found himself going from Brooklyn to Manhattan to see the tower. It was colossal and seemed too ostentatious for Steve’s tastes, still he tried to sketch it as he sat in a café making small talk with one of the waitresses and making a fool of himself because he didn’t know what WIFI was. To save himself more embarrassment when a guy old enough to be his actual age mocked him, Steve headed back off towards the train station, pausing in the street as a flashy limo pulled up in front of Stark Tower and the Omega himself got out, with his pre-teen son one his right and his toddler on his hip.
“He’s conscious.”
“I hate you!”
A psychologist who chose to remain anonymous said that in her opinion the relationship could only be detrimental to the children in the long term. “The relationship will not last, Steve Rogers is still coming to terms with the twenty-first century; it is far too soon for him to be having any kind of relationship, he is confusing love with dependency, and from what I gather he is dependant on Stark for his home, food, clothing, etc. When he starts to break away from Stark’s influence; he will come to realize that he is in fact not in love with Stark and the relationship will end.
He was going back to school everyday now, being dropped off either by Tony or Happy and either getting picked up to come home, or going to spend time with his friends in Queens, an adorable chubby Omega boy by the name of Ned, and a Beta girl by the name of MJ.
“Can we keep this PG, this is a public venue after all.”
They had seen the news in an electronic shops window, a repeat of Stark’s interview had been playing and they had learned that he had been crippled by Pietro’s shooting of him.
“Yes, well, Stark’s gone public with the fact his pair of whelps are freaks, had his fucking CEO create a tear-jerker tale in which they are the victims of deranged and sadistic scientists who performed illegal experiments on them.” Norman shrugged, “Whether or not they will be pitied as victims or reviled as freaks is up to public opinion.”
“You handled yourself well the last twice you’ve gone into battle,” Rhodey said, “And we need all the help we can get, and I’m sure that Tony would be happy to have you on our team.” Vision hummed and inclined his head,
“You are grounded.” He grumbled.
“Oh.” Tony looked up at Jarvis and sighed heavily, “I guess Steve told you that you’re going home tomorrow.”
"About time!"
The boys spent a good fifteen minutes sending Zach and Emma careening around the garden before the crate finally began to show signs of stress, by which time, Grace ordered Harley and Emma to go and wash up for Dinner, as Tony did for Zach and Peter. With so many mouths to feed and the Avengers not wanting to put Grace out, dinner was a simple pizza take away, but Grace insisted on providing dessert, which, as she had two young children, was kept child oriented, Cake and Ice cream. But the home made jam sponge was delicious, and the Neapolitan ice cream was the perfect accompaniment.
Wait, if he was in a hospital then he lived! He lived, he didn’t burn or bleed to death!
Vienna
"How did this happen?" Steve asked the teacher. She shrugged helplessly.
“Yeah but we know where he’s going.” Peter said with a grin, “He’ll be going to the hospital.”
The woman had clearly been expecting someone else when she handed Tony a file and spoke about being left alone now. The people she had been expecting showed up shortly after, claiming to be government agents. Tony called Bullshit, because, well hey, they were full of it and found himself running from a woman who was literally on fire.
Avengers personnel will have the final say on any and all materials recorded during the making of this documentary.
Natalia. The Black Widow.
“Totally, but not Zach. Don’t tell him until Mamma’s actually knocked up because he’ll just pester you all the time about it.”
“Sushi really, for a wedding?” Steve asked eyeing the menu’s dubiously, he had tried sushi an couple of times but didn’t really have a taste for it.
“There should be some.” Tony said, he always kept limes around as Rhodey liked Tequila with lime and salt.
“I love you.” Steve corrected, reaching out to cup Tony’s chin and lift his face so they were making eye contact again, “I love you Tony, I want to be with you, I want to court you or date you, or whatever the term is,”
Killian grunted but let go of Tony’s throat and turned to see Maya holding a hypo to her own neck, one filled with enough extremis to kill herself with.
“A dozen.” Tony replied. “So we can cover the globe. They will all be equipped to move position, so that if one is destroyed by enemy fire, we can have others in position to take over.”
Less than two hours later they were in the Capitol city and Wanda found them a bed for a night in the nearest hotel to the station, the clerk providing them room and room service as soon as she put the idea into his head, she even got him to go and get them pastries for breakfast the following morning.
Since she was so much younger Emma had a different bedtime to Harley and when it was time for bed she requested Natasha tuck her in and tell her more about being a “Super ninja ballerina!”
Rogers rolled his eyes and shook his head, “Must you always be so childish?”
“I know, its horrible.” Tony soothed putting an arm about Peter’s shoulders, “So you were defending Ned?”
“Eeeeww, fucking gross Rogers.” Tony cried cringing at the thought.
The wedding was listed as the wedding of the year, Tony was dressed in traditional Omega garb, green and white symbolizing fertility and virginity, a waisted floor length frock coat with an open collar, close fitting trousers, and slightly heeled court shoes.
After taking blood samples and checking his blood pressure, breathing, and heartbeat, Peter was moving into a paediatric side room where he’d be monitored until he’d regained consciousness. The paediatrician decided to administer a drip feed just to help flush the tranqs out of Peter’s system faster, Steve still winced when he saw the canula going into the back of Peter’s hand. He hated this, hated that Peter was hurt, that Zach was missing, that Tony was missing and that there was nothing he could do about it but sit at Peter’s bedside and wait.
Clint exchanged a glance with Sam, “Extra whipped cream on mine.”
“Come on!” He hissed, “We’ve…” His eyes landed on Tony and without hesitating he raised the AK47 he was carrying and fired.
“No.” Tony said with a smile, “There might be some fans present but you are not under any obligation to interact with them and you don’t have to speak to the Paps either. Just say hello, give some smiles and a wave or two, then head up into the building.”
*****
Peter shook his head, “Not your fault, that guy Hammer and the Russian did it, not you.” He looked over Tony’s shoulder and Tony looked behind him, seeing a couple of people in suits talking to the Doctor. “They gonna put me in a home.” Peter said, “Some place for the kids no one wants.”
“Been better.” Tony said sounding tired, “I’m in fuck hole Tennessee.”
Tony nodded, “Okay. That sounds good.” He said. He got up from the couch and noticed for the first time that he’d been sitting on Steve’s lap! “Umm… That is… I…” He was rescued from his brain freeze by FRIDAY being an angel and alerting Steve to the fact that Lily was awake and in need of a nappy change.
It was only Natasha who met them and took them to Fury’s office, Clint was on a ten day leave and she wouldn’t say where he was, only that he was dealing with some personal stuff.
“I think we should drop him into a vat while he’s still breathing.” Clint replied, his voice as cold and emotionless as Natasha’s, “Feet first so he has time to suffer before it kills him.”
“Okay, firstly, skip going for a drink completely, I don’t know if he told you, but Tony’s been sober now for nearly four years, he won’t want to change that. As for how fancy it should be, aim for something romantic but relaxed. Tony would be most appreciative of a meal in a family run restaurant, where people dine wearing jeans with a smart shirt and tailored jacket. Smart casual, understand?” Steve nodded, “Getting him a bouquet of flowers is great, no ones done that for him before so he’ll appreciate the gesture and the novelty, don’t worry about having to give fancy gifts or expensive gestures, he’d much prefer something meaningful and from the heart, making him a coffee and a sandwich while he working in the lab for instance. Other dates you might consider, going for coffee and cake, walks in the park, take the kids to the beach, that’s the kind of thing he’d really enjoy, especially family outings because Howard…” Rhodey broke off not wanting to colour Steve’s opinion of Howard but Steve shook his head,
“You were sleep walking?” Steve asked in disbelief, “You don’t sleep walk.” Tony made terrible sound as if he was choking and hunched in on himself,
He'd wake up and have to go and vomit straight away, then spent an hour panting and sobbing over the toilet.
With an undignified noise Peter slammed the stall door again and refused to come back out until MJ promised not to try and measure him, or make him wear leather or spandex. In fact it too Ned promising to share his Mum’s peanut-butter and chocolate chip brownies with him for Peter to leave the stall and venture back out into the school again.
“Mind if I bring my suit in, I don’t like to leave it out in the open.” Tony said heading back over to the armour which had stopped sparking and was standing awkwardly, one side caved in, one boot and one gauntlet mangled.
As the media had gotten wind of Peter's injury and hospitalization, Oscorp and Norman himself was facing hate from the general public, several of his buildings had been vandalized and people were throwing things at his limo when he went to and from his town house.
Biting down onto Steve’s bottom lip, just enough to nip him, Tony breathed huskily into the other man, “I won’t break.”
“Okay Harley Keener, I need some things, actually I need a lot of things, and you are going to get them for me.”
Multi-tasking. He had a fucking Doctorate in that, which he loudly declared to everyone and pointed at Fury with his most obnoxious grin and demanded that he be gotten a double strength latte with caramel syrup, a pesto and mozzarella panini, and a triple chocolate muffin.
“You won’t.” Tony assured him, getting down on his knees and spreading his arms wide, Zach hesitated then ran into his arms burying his face in Tony’s chest. “It’ll be okay sweetheart I’ll fix this.” Tony promised him holding him tight, “You’re safe now, and you’re a hero.”
Wanda screamed and flailed, she batted at Vision, trying to break free, but couldn’t escape his hold as her power was taken from her. As the Mind Stone reclaimed the magic Wanda fell to the ground in a boneless heap, her eyes glazed and expression blank, not only had the magic been taken from her, but her mind had gone with it leaving her as little more than a vegetable.
Well, Tony knew that wasn’t the case, it wasn’t like Steve was into him, he probably just didn’t approve of a widowed Omega dating, not when they had young Pups to care for.
MJ groaned at Ned’s babble and Peter stifled a grin.
The torch from the statue of liberty.
“Maybe just a little to take the shine off his nose and something to emphasis his cheek bones and jaw.” Pepper said looking Steve’s face over with a critical eye. Steve was thankful at not being plastered in make-up, it was one of the things that Tony complained about when he went before the cameras, having to be made up in foundation, concealer, and the rest of it. Steve could understand that well enough, he’d been plastered in make-up back in his stage days and had always hated the feel of it on his skin. At least make-up wasn’t as harsh now as it had been back then, but he was still thankful to be spared it.
“Zach, come on.” Tony said trying to coax the little boy out of his cocoon, “I know you’re upset but this won’t change anything.”
“You’re the other Steve, the big one.” Steve chuckled and nodded,
“I will.” Zach declared happily, “And guess what? I have super powers now, I’m an Avenger, I am Fire-Cracker!” excitedly he showed Thor the fire he could produce in his hands, his grin growing even wider as Thor praised him for his new abilities.
In order to help himself with his lingering PTSD and other issues Tony devised a system to turn memories into a virtual reality, while he names B.A.R.F and presented it at M.I.T. Shortly thereafter Bucky came in from the cold, finally ready to see Steve and start to heal from his past which B.A.R.F. helped him with.
“Twas an epic battle, your Son is a great warrior in the making.”
“Tony what…?” Steve asked getting out of bed himself.
Thor and Steve ended up in wrestling match which might have gone better had Steve been using his shield and not a mock up as the hammer shattered it on the first swing Thor gave, then the two got into headlocks and tried to throw each-other down, giving Clint and Natasha the opportunity to take out their opposing team mates, leaving just the two of them against each other, while Bruce, laughing tried to keep out of their way as they took shots at each-other and tried to beat one another to getting to him. In the final lap they both ran at break neck speed, flinging themselves at Bruce while simultaneously shooting each-other.
Tony managed to give her a lobsided grin, “You should have chosen a career as a couples therapist.”
“Well, I think I can make a story for you.” Steve said, lifting Zach down from his shoulders and carried him over to the sofa to put him on his lap, “So, you want to hear how Iron Man and Captain America defeated the big bad Hydra?”
"Peter Parker Stark." Tony said to the receptionist rather rudely interrupting her conversation with a middle aged woman.
“I upset Zach though.” Steve said guiltily, he hated that he’d frightened the young Pup, had made him cry.
*****
“You’ll see.” Bruce chuckled.
Since then Peter has been training with the Avengers so that one day he too could become a superhero, as well as his strength and senses he is incredibly flexible and he can stick to walls and ceilings like a spider.
“And the Doctor?” Stern asked.
Steve braced himself, preparing for the end, when Reed dragged him into his lab, talking ten to the dozen as he pulled Steve along, babbling about a portal and somewhere for Steve to go.
“Okay true.” Rhodey sat up straighter, “If you are going to Camp Leheigh then you’ll need back up.”
“Boss Man, the Boss Lady is here,” Friday called,
“We’ll pay a trip to Armani and that’ll be sorted,” Tony said, looking Steve over, damn but he was going to look edible in a tux. Tony would have a hard time (No pun intended) keeping his hands to himself.
“You are going to turn into a blueberry.” Tony said spinning Zach around on the stool and lifting him up into his arms getting a maple syrup covered kiss on his cheek.
“Oh yeah.” Pepper said, “And more worryingly when social services get wind.”
“Peter.” Tony called out but the teen wasn’t listening as he began to climb the wall and up onto the ceiling, looking down at the others upside down.
“Mamma likes you, you know.”
“Well I’ve just bought up another Seventy-two acres, so that’ll be eighty-seven acres altogether, plus there’s the lake and the woods which takes it up to Ninety acres.”
Steve nodded and offered Tony a small smile of reassurance. He knew that despite Tony’s brave words for Zach and Peter he was terrified of Social Services becoming involved, it had been a worry for him since Zach’s enhancement. He might have the money to afford the best lawyers in the world, but social services had a massive amount of power, and if they got public support instead of Tony then his chances of regaining custody would be very slim, it could also take years of court cases, suits and counter suits, appeals, and it might still achieve nothing.
“Jay….?”
“My balls have just crawled back up inside my body.”
Tony jerked up, this was not what he’d been expecting to hear, he’d thought Steve would tell him to go to Therapy, to get himself sorted out, to go on medication or something, he’d not thought that Steve would have a scientific theory for his nightmares rather than a psychological one.
*****
“Private phone call, Rugrat, and I asked for a tuna sandwich, I still don’t see a tuna sandwich anywhere.”
After four hours Tony awoke again and this time got onto his hands and knees giving Steve plaintive mewls and doe eyes glances over his shoulder until the Alpha mounted him and fucked him into the soiled bedding, then lay over him as Tony shivered and squirmed on his knot, he stroked Tony’s hair and kissed his skin, his tongue tracing over the bonding gland he longed to sink his teeth into but resisted, and rested, waiting for the next wave.
“Run!” He shouted to Natasha and Tony as panic broke out with tourists running in all directions and more agents on the way along with museum security.
*****
“You could always come with me.” Steve offered downing a couple raw eggs in a few gulps that had Tony gagging in disgust.
Tony turned his head to the side, sweat beading his brow which was creased as he dreamed, or rather as he suffered his recurring nightmare.
“Good move.” Iron Man said standing down.
Peter complied, too stunned to argue. He could hardly believe that he had done this, that he’d beaten someone almost unconscious.
“No, you are just going to do something that gives me a heart attack.” Tony said, “Now go on, get out of here, you’ve got homework to do, and I don’t mean inventing manmade spider silk.” Tony had urged Peter on out of the lab so he could clean up and get back to work.
As horrible as the thought of Peter being damaged in any way was, they would both take that over his being dead.
“Margaret Patterson, Lucas Fiore, Philip Lee, and Jane Curtis, have all taken leave for medical reasons. Two to begin cancer treatment, one for IVF treatment, and the fourth to care for her mother who is to undergo surgery.” Jarvis replied, “Michael Flint is taking compassionate leave as his Father has recently died of a stroke. Angela Hamilton is going to assist her sister who has just given birth for the second time but has been abandoned by her husband, and finally Layla Antione is on Jury Service.”
Tony reached out for Peter and took his hands tugging the pre-teen towards him, once Peter was in front of him he pushed Peter’s hair back from his face, the boy needed a hair cut, again. Tony swore Peter’s hair grew at super-sonic speed!
“Just an ache, maybe I pulled a muscle..”
Steve quickly learned what Sam had meant by that. The frenzy didn’t die down in a few days, as he had thought it would, as it would have done back in the forties when social media didn’t exist and the world swiftly lost interest in the relationships of celebrities, being more focused on the war and surviving to care about who was sleeping with whom.
“Uh physical activity.” Tony mock groaned, “Can’t I just lay in the sun and melt?”
Oh, good, Steve was talking again and Tony had been zoned out, his interest fixed on Steve’s torso and bulging muscles. Stupid Omega brain, stop thinking about knots and bites and focus!
“The central building is protected by some kind of energy shield.”
“He found a freaky lab.” MJ said picking up from where Ned left off, “It was full of genetically spliced animals, and I was downloading info from the servers and Peter was checking out another lab when suddenly we lost all communication.”
“Okay… wait, what? What do you mean next time?”
Tony realized he shouldn’t have added the last part the exact second after he’d said it and both Pepper and Steve stared at him in horror.
Blinking to clear his vision Tony stood up straight, “Just making a pit stop actually, I don’t suppose I could trouble you for some rope if you have it?”
Tony’s supporters claimed that he would be looking for a long term romance because of his children, and that as he’d been married already he wouldn’t be interested in short term flings. The counter argument was made that he would want short term flings because he’d been married at a young age and hadn’t had the chance to experience flings.
“Mr Star….”
Tony opened his mouth, closed it, looked back down at the letter and then back up at Steve, “This is your hand writing?” Steve nodded, Tony looked back at the letter, “Right now at this moment in time, I would say no, time travel is not possible, in ten to fifteen years however, who the fuck knows?”
Opening his eyes again Tony looked down at himself, or rather at the sand that was now burying him up to his neck.
“Why?” Zach pouted up at Peter, to him it was so easy, Steve and Tony liked each other, he liked Steve, so they should get married and make him a little brother or sister to play with.
“And no hanging out with friends for all that time.” Mrs Watson continued. “You will only leave your bedroom to go to school, use the bathroom, and for meals. Do you understand me?”
The two of them cuddled under the bed until after Zach’s tears had subsided, then came the trouble of getting back out from under the bed, which was a lot harder than getting under it had been.
“Should be.” Tony said, “We’ll take a walk after lunch and check the rock pools.”
Rhodey frowned, “Tony? Who knew what?”
“Oh Jesus!” Bruce cried as he and Thor reached the bottom of the stairwell. Steve didn’t turn around as they approached and got down besides him.
“Language.” Steve scolded before he could stop himself. “Jarvis, what’s the view from upstairs?”
He’d yet to be married to Obadiah Stane.
Since they were all very full from the dinner they all decided to wait a while before having dessert, Tony, Steve, Peter, Happy, and Rhodey went to play with Zach and his new toys while the others washed up.
