"I am not a dog!" John cried. He is not a thing to be own either, John thinks this through and made up his decision to go back to his plan in the first place. He needs to escape and find a way to sail back to his homeland.
"Sher-sherlock please... it hurts... " John whimpered.
"I guess it is time to visit my playmate and take back my precious friend"
"How's your diet." The younger said in a statement.
"10,000 Drachmas," he said with calm and firm voice.
"I take your expression, You do not have or once been with a man before" Sherlock look at John from his bed, memorizing every detail he could have on John's body.
But even so, he did not underestimate his opponents. Giving a hard punch in the stomach to keep him unconscious might be a good idea. He nods and he turns his back, Sherlock knows this man is going to punch him in the stomach. He is surprised that the Ex-Army Doctor is not underestimating him, by looking at his appearance.
I had help on beta read this fic from Kaylia, (Thank you). There would be update written in notes if the chapter is beta read it or not.
And grab a brown cloak to cover his face like a hood. He unlocks the door and gets out of the room then closes it quietly then pace quickly to the hall. John hides his face when he passed the counter and grips the scarf to hide his collar. No one pays attention to the hooded man walks to the exit of the Inn, and John breathes a relief to walk out of the Inn. Now his plan is to get home and get rid of the collar, it may include a boat and money.
"How long am I going to stay with you?" John asks again while looking at the red apple. "A few months"
Sherlock gave, John a time to adjust then he starts to move while kissing him. It was slow and gentle at first but then it starts to ram hard and fast. Then it hits on John's sweet spot from time to time.
"Will you free me?" John hesitated to ask first but he asks Sherlock anyway.
Sherlock goes back to where he stops and proceed to kiss lower, John bites his lower lips from making any further sounds and then he feels the tongue licking the shaft to the head of his prick. John cannot help himself but to grabs the hair of Sherlock.
"What are you afraid of?" Sherlock asks and John does not reply, he could only look at the eyes to find any hesitation but there is none. He looked away and try to find anything in his sights to grab something and whacked it on this man's head.
His heart beating so hard and fast, Sherlock's face is closer to the side of his face. He could feel the breathe down to his neck. It gives him shivers through his spine.
Sherlock sucks it down to his throat, John's toes curled up from the pleasure, and then Sherlock move his mouth up and down it looks like bobbing to John's point of view.
"What... was... that" John whispered with a half-open eyes, looking at Sherlock.
"My Lord, one of your orders... um... it has been sold off by another aristocrat," said it with a tremble in his voice. He is very careful to choose his choice of the word so that he would not upset his Lord.
Sherlock lied about the rules in being strict to slaves but somehow John is convinced about the lie he created. His intentions are to get John to make his decision faster.
"If he finds out you are the one who takes him, careful again Sherlock. You are playing with a dangerous man" Mycroft was going to get out but stops, he said one last thing to say before he goes.
Bringing some women from Aristocrats to have coitus with him, so that they could form some gossips from him. Which what he always does is to piss them off. Sherlock dismisses the maidens and they scurried away to the corridors. He opens the door and closed it behind him.
"You would not be afraid, no more, My archenemy will need proof that you and I, do spend the lovely time together. It is better if we attest it, think it as a practice for you" Sherlock said it in a low voice of his, and John feels the heat arises from the room.
Sherlock gave him a sweet smile then proceed to do it again and again where he hit the sweet spot. John could not help himself but move his hips into Sherlock's fingers.
"This man here is a Fighter, raw and fresh. It takes my workers to sustain him in a cage and does not be fool by his looks, my Dear Audience. Isn't it astounding, the looks of his eyes"
Sherlock carefully put his right hand on John's left knee, pressing it gently then he uses his other hand to touch lightly on the thigh.
Here as I promised two chapters.
Sherlock holds John's hand, leading him inside the mansion. John did not protest and he let Sherlock hold him, he thought that somehow it is nice. He still holding on the thought that Sherlock will free him.
The man flicked his finger and then there's a figure comes out behind the pillar, wearing a gladiator's clothe. He kneels his left foot on the ground and positions himself, ready to take the command.
"The wise choice is to stay with me," Sherlock said aloud from the pool. John looks back but did not see him, he resumes his search and cautious enough to look back from time to time.
John heard it and turn to look at Sherlock again. How does he know he has a limp and the battle he has with the pirate? It must be the owner told him but they do not even speak English like Sherlock do.
"I like to," John said and he is willing to learn so that he would understand what the others are talking about. It would benefit him to learn another language, he can use it if he will get back from his homeland.
"Things you will need. The others are for our arrangement," Sherlock said while stopping in front of the vendor that sells fruits and begin his examination of the details that he will buy.
The baritone voice he hears like it goes through his body and he shivers with the breath so close to his ear. The heat was starting to rise around him.
"Basics, Englishmen loves tea" Sherlock walks over to John and gives him the glass. John takes it and drinks the red tea. He really missed the tastes of tea, closer on reminding his homeland.
Excuse my grammars when you guys find it hahaha...
"Come, I need to buy a few things" Sherlock walk over to the cabinet and gets something then walks back to John.
He proceeds to kiss John's stomach and lower to kiss the navel, John stops Sherlock before he goes lower, Sherlock raises his head to look at John. He looks worried about his expression, Sherlock moves up to John's eye level and leaned down to kiss his cheek.
Sherlock leaned on to John and reassured him to relax his muscles.
Half of the time, I'm  laughing while writing this.
He remembered yesterday when he looks at Sherlock eyes filled with desire and hunger for a few seconds only. He does not want to think about THAT, he does not even think himself is attracted to men or has been one with.
"Speak up" John was startled when Sherlock speaks. John did not speak for a few seconds then Sherlock rolled his eyes, impatient on waiting for a reply. He put his hand on John's lap and grabs John's chin to face him. John feels his heartbeat is going to leap out of his body from beating faster. When the hand placed on his lap which he does not have any undergarments under the Toga he wears.
The Bids have been going higher until it stops on 5,000 Drachmas. The one who bids it is a man in his 50's, his physical appearance is Fat with a big belly and a chubby face. The Ex-Army Doctor trickles a sweat from his forehead when he saw the buyer and he tried not to let nausea coming up from his stomach, or puke in front of the crowds.
"And I will since I'm the lack of the knowledge of this place and other things in this land," John thought it will be better to boost the arrogance and ego of Sherlock, he guesses it will give him time.
"When the time comes, for now, you are my slave. A rule is a rule, being a navy you should know how that works," John nods when he heard it.
Sherlock gathers the maidservants and instructs them to take care of John in another Quarter room just beside his Quarter. They cleaned John's feet and give him undergarments to wear. They bring a food tray and put it on the bed where John laid his back on the headboard. After long days that happen to him, he finished his food tray and put it aside when he yawned and fall into a deep asleep.
"It's Mrs. Hudson that keeps my Quarters clean whenever I mess things up. Even though she refused to be called as a housekeeper"
"That was Incredible," John said, amazed by the brilliant mind Sherlock deduced. Sherlock looks at John like he has found the perfect person, the first person to say he is Incredible.
When they arrive on the market, Sherlock goes out first and opens the door for John. The coachman finds it odd for a master to help his slave but he did not speak, since, it is not of his business. John comes down and closes the door. They walk together on the road, rows of stalls with vendors on each side.
John whimpered, he is so close to relieving himself but Sherlock stops it. John has a teary eye from the overwhelmed pleasure. Sherlock looks at John's face again and sees him flushed and some sweats start to form on his forehead.
When they arrived at the mansion of Sherlock's home, John gaped at the architecture of Greek's style mansion with marbles and poles that he could describe as magnificent. In London, it does not have this kind of architecture to be seen.
Wearing a see-through toga to add the seduction, Sherlock was taken aback to see the man, its the one he was interested. John curled up like a ball since the dress is short it lifts up to show his legs. He sits beside John, careful not to wake him up.
"You don't have sympathy, Mycroft, I can take it here." After what Sherlock said. The Carriage where Mycroft is in, leave for a few seconds later.
"That is flattering but you are not dreaming, Mr. Watson" Sherlock speaks from where he sits while doing his experiments on the table with beakers and other chemicals. After that he knows where John came from, he learned the accent of British while John is asleep on the bed.
Sherlock mumbled "nevermind" and ready himself and walks to the door then opens it. John is still standing on his spot and seems perplexed on the open door. Sherlock looks impatient to wait on him standing there like a pigeon and he decides to grabs John's wrist. Sherlock leads the way, out of the mansion with a carriage waiting on them in front of the porch.
The Ex-Army Doctor is looking at the knife pointing at him and looks confused but then it moves to point on his tied hands. A sign to free his hands, a chance to escape from this carriage. He may look handsome but seeing his tall lanky frame, the Ex-Army Doctor does not even think his owner have strong strength.
. Please. Tell me who.”
“Chief,” John says, carefully blank, anger tightly under wraps.
Just for keeping-track purposes: The word rape is mentioned here, but the bit of explicit exposition is in the next chapter.
“As much as I’m going to be,” John replies, rising to his feet. “Let’s go.”
Kissing--mouth, face, neck.
“I’ve missed you,” John tells him, simple and heartfelt.
“Well, in a sense.” the DI pulls a printed sheet of paper out of the folder and a pen out of his shirt pocket. “Here’s your statement,” he says. “Sign it. You can read it too, if you like. Won’t make a bit of difference, though.”
John nods. “Get your collar and leash.”
Sherlock shrugs, quirks an eyebrow. "I overestimated your capacity, it seems. Mea culpa."
John abandons his ministrations on himself to focus solely on Sherlock, bringing both hands up to grasp his rear in encouragement, cupping and squeezing the lush curves of his arse, pulling him close, moaning his encouragement as the flat of his tongue caresses the base of his cock with each thrust.
“Well, yes, but I meant you and me.”
“That’s nice,” John says softly, his voice nearly a whisper. He sets the tea aside and picks up a triangle of toast, taking a bite. He breaks off a corner and feeds it to Sherlock. Sherlock swirls his tongue around John’s fingers in a display of submission.
As John’s eyes adjust to the low light, the first thing he sees clearly is Sherlock kneeling on the ground about ten yards away, his back to John, large hands interlaced behind his head. The position of his arms is causing his jacket and shirt to ride up in back, exposing a swath of pale vulnerable skin at the graceful dip of his lower back.
But God, it’s not easy.
“Such a good boy,” John says with approval, kissing his full mouth once more before straightening, dipping into the drawer again and finding the heavy black boar’s hair brush.
The two of them breathe together for a time, both of them gasping for air as if they’d just run a marathon.
but he’s not yet so far gone that he’d admit to that kind of weakness.
“No,” Sherlock mumbles into the cushion. “It’s really not.”
“No worries, then,” John reassures him. “I’ll be fine.”
, as a matter of fact.
John shrugs. “You never know what the future holds.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, but his eyes are smiling. “Yes, your majesty,” he replies, as he helps John swing his legs up onto the bed before untying and removing his shoes.
“It feels so good,” Sherlock gasps in between low, bitten-off moans.“You feel so good in me.”
John doesn’t quite know what to say to that. He still feels a tight, constricted knot in his throat, still doesn’t fully understand what he’s feeling and why.
The flames of his anger fuelled by her ugly mockery, the impulsive words tumble out of John’s mouth before he can think better of them.
Sherlock was externally cold, dismissive, seemingly indifferent to the tragedy. John heard the whispers in the halls of New Scotland Yard that trailed behind them as Sherlock swept out, coat swirling behind him.
Their breathing is loud in the early morning stillness of the room as they cuddle and nuzzle at each other, come sticky and drying on hands and bellies and softening cocks.
It tells him Macgregor is unmoored, aggressive, unpredictable, and overall very bad news, indeed.
“Doctor Watson, John, ohmyGod thank God you picked up thank God, I don’t know what to do, I just got here and I found him and I don’t know what to
“Look how hard you are already,” he murmurs against the shell of Sherlock’s ear, still stroking his trapped, throbbing prick. “It turns you on so much, being like this. Naked, restrained, submissive. Ready and eager to be used.” His hot mouth presses another kiss to the juncture of his jaw, warm breath puffing against his neck. He strokes Sherlock’s prick once, twice more before releasing him. Sherlock’s cock twitches upwards as his hips flex involuntarily, helplessly seeking lost contact as John’s fingertips skate up his belly, and back to his right areola. John flicks his thumb against the hardened tip, lightly at first, then presses down, rubbing more roughly.
John knows Sherlock in this space is sleepy and still a bit floaty and not really up for any kind of argument or spirited debate right now, so he mentally tables the discussion for later as he dips his head down, kisses Sherlock’s deep pink puffy lips gently. “All right. Thank you for that, love.” He combs his fingers through frankly snarled curls, scratches short nails gently against Sherlock’s scalp. “How are you feeling?”
Sherlock carefully circles the body, keeping clear of the pooled gore.
The front door opens directly into a modest L-shaped sitting and dining room, adjoining a small but well-appointed open kitchen space. Sherlock guides John to the nearest upholstered side chair, allows John to use him for leverage as he lowers himself carefully down. Sherlock reaches over to flick on the small cut-glass lamp next to the chair, a pool of warm yellow light pushing back the gathering dusk.
And as much as he loves Sherlock, as much as he needs him like he needs oxygen, as much as he wants to entrust him with every single emotion in his heart, the good and the bad and every single thing in between, he doesn’t know if he can -- if he should -- share this with him. Sherlock has been through the depths of hell and back, every bit as much as John and more, and it doesn’t seem fair, or right, to ask him to share the weight of this: his complicated, confusing grief for the woman who tore through their lives and left pain and devastation in her wake.
John exhales through his nose, gathers himself, is able to recognise how badly he’s overreacting. “All right,” John replies. “Of course. I just…”
Sherlock turns on his side to face him. “A mad, larcenous, bastard who correctly deduced the probable course of our relationship, is what you mean.”
“You are unbelievably beautiful,” John breathes, pressing him back down onto the bed, bending his head to kiss the round pale divot of flesh where a hateful piece of metal entered Sherlock’s body and almost ended his life. He moves slowly down his body, places a trail of small kisses along the ridges of his ribs, presses his mouth to the flat planes of his belly. He nibbles at the tender hollow at the top of his pelvis, smiling into soft skin as Sherlock squirms and sighs underneath him, his frankly impressive erection tenting the fabric of his soft, faded pyjamas.
“Is it all right?” John asks. “Be honest.”
“Yes, but--”
He had been so focused on the details he hadn't seen what should have been immediately, stupendously obvious.
Sherlock’s screams are barely muffled by the gag as entire body goes rigid, then his hips snap powerfully upwards as he begins to come. John watches, utterly transfixed, as the trapped head of Sherlock’s penis twitches and spurts two, three, four times and he’s still coming, shuddering as the waves of orgasm crash through him, weakening pulses continuing to spill from his cock, pale milky stripes abstract art against his heaving belly, on the black fabric holding him so tightly, making a perfect, shockingly lewd vision of defilement as semen drips and soaks into the fine silk lace.
He wakes up briefly, several hours later.
Sherlock counts out another full handful of hundreds. “I’ll pay full blue book value plus twenty percent.”
"Okay," Mary concedes. "I'm probably not. I’m willing to do whatever it takes to settle my debt with him so I can raise my daughter in peace.”
“Ten,” he gasps out, and John drops his arm, kisses his hair, the bony knobs of his spine.
doesn’t make anything any better?”
“I’m all right,” John mutters. Sherlock looks unconvinced, but doesn’t contradict him.
“See you tomorrow, then?” John manages to say over his shoulder, as Sherlock hustles him towards the door.
dead.
In the cab, Sherlock is silent, gazing unseeing out the window as the buildings slide past. John reaches for his gloved hand, gives it a brief squeeze.
On the train home the adrenaline ebbs away, leaving John feeling hollow and shaky inside.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock murmurs, pliant and willing under his hands.
“Hi Sophie,” John says, finding it hard to meet her accusatory eyes.
“Pa!” Lily cries, holding her arms up. “Pa!”
." Mycroft's voice is low but cutting, eyes flashing as his own heretofore well concealed anger boils up, hot and close to the surface. “It doesn’t work that way, John. You know that. Whatever power I may have, I don’t have the werewithal to start World War Three over the fate of a single agent. Even if--even if it is Sherlock. Take a breath, John. Then take another, and try to think clearly. Come now. You know this to be true.”
Leave it to John Watson to cut him open like a lunatic and then worry about the linens after. “I could care less,” Sherlock says and laughs a little even though it hurts like hell.
The next afternoon, Sherlock is prepping slides when his text alert pings. He ignores it---it’s too far away and his hands are covered in human glandular tissue--then it pings again. And again.
“Make all the noise you like, pet,” John said low and serious, “but don’t you dare move or I take them off and start all over again with twice as many.” Sherlock stilled, breathing hard through his nose as he forced himself into calm.
Sherlock sees something dark and feral there, emerging from the depths of John’s deep blue eyes. It makes him feel pinned down, helpless already under that unflinching gaze.
It takes him several moments to understand what John is talking about. He feels like everything is moving at half speed, his limbs swimming against thick, invisible treacle.
“This is the designated point.” Sherlock pauses, looking uncomfortable. “For our...appointed rendezvous. With Maria.”
John thinks of Sherlock’s real smile, the way it transforms him, lights him up from the inside out.
“Okay, not that polite,” John chuckles, amusement winning out over irritation as he heads for the kitchen.
Sherlock goes quiet, considering. He nods. Just once, decisively.
There’s a bottle of all-purpose hospital body wash on the built-in shelf. John lathers himself all over, more focused on getting through this without collapsing rather than being meticulous. He then then carefully (oh so carefully) raises his arms over his head to quickly scrub suds through his hair before ducking his head under the hot spray and rinsing off.
, he thinks, and he kisses Sherlock again just for that.
So he...doesn’t.
Sherlock takes off the gloves and shoves them in a coat pocket. “Yes,” he says quietly.
.” His back arches as a jolt of pleasure arcs up his spine. “I like you watching me.”
It’s not a video message. It’s a text from private number. John wonders (hopes) it is from Sherlock.
(He finds that thought weirdly, inexplicably arousing. Which means he’s at the point on this escalating staircase of carnal lust where he finds almost anything John says and does inexplicably arousing, and for the ten thousandth time in his life he marvels at the absolute improbability of his life now, that this complex and marvelous force of nature named John Watson found his way to him, found him worthwhile, found him deserving of his care and love.)
Sherlock works on his laptop, blue glow reflecting off the pale flesh of his torso, muttering to himself occasionally. John flips through the television channels, finally settling on an old nature documentary. The warm, hushed timbre of David Attenborough’s RP accent is a balm to his system, makes him feel just a little bit more like his old self, like the self he was before Mary, before Mycroft’s death, before leaving 221B one last time, following Sherlock without knowing if they would ever return.
“Kids today,” John mutters, but he and Sherlock are both smiling now, just a little. Through sheer button-mashing he figures out how to pull up the satellite radio, settles on a classical music channel. Chopin pours forth from what seems like a constellation of hidden speakers.
No time for ruminations. He needs to find Sherlock, and quickly. He pushes himself up to standing and looks around.
“Iloveyoutoo,” Sherlock mumbles, almost too low to hear, and John finds it absolutely fitting that they would exchange those words for the first time (absent imminent death) in this sort of scenario.
“Hang on, don’t point that thing at me!”
“Well, you see the ray gun may have, kind of, turned them into toddlers… Sir.”
“Seriously I expect this behaviour from the Double-Os not you guys.”
“Not my section.”
“Greg? John?”
“WAAAHHHHH. Vvvrroom, vvvrroom.”
“The minions, Sir, where playing with the new ray gun even though Q told them not too.”
“Yes, yes indeed. Oh, what a great day this is turning out to be. Come on, let’s go see.”
“We know.”
“Two feet high and everything?”
“Because I could, and look what they did to my boys!”
“Bye Sherlock.”
“They don’t want to go near these two terrors.”
“Great. I don’t suppose you know how to change…?”
“The rioting, Sir. And nappies.”
“Why will no one get him?”
“You seem a little too happy, Prime Minister.”
“Yes, Tanner?”
“It wasn’t them, Q.”
“Nah uh, they go zooooom.”
“No, no, no. Ssshhhh. Look, here are some toy cars. One each, ok, one each!”
It’s like falling into a bottomless pit, an endless abyss with no final impact to stop their descent.
“No police," Sherlock agrees. "We would risk being stuck here while the case goes through the legal system. Possibly for years. No, we need to avoid the authorities if at all possible.”
“Yes, John,” Sherlock’s voice is breathy, dreamy as he slips ever deeper into subspace. “I’ll be good, I promise. I’ll be so good.”
“Much,” Sherlock murmurs. “I don’t know what came over me.”
Sherlock gives a practiced wrench, snapping the plastic that binds his arms; he then does the same with his legs, breaking the zip tie binding them together before snatching up the gun and rising to his feet. Breathing slightly ragged, he aims the weapon square and steady at the centre of the goon’s forehead.
“So fucking beautiful,” John whispers, and dips his head. Sherlock makes an incoherent noise as he looks down, watches the tip of his cock slip past John’s lips and into the lush heat of his mouth. The slick wet warmth surrounds him, floods his body with overwhelming sensation, making him gasp as his hips push forward. John’s hands rest on the back of his thighs, anchoring him as his head bobs, slowly, tasting him, exploring him, sending sparking shivering pleasure across every nerve. After several long, slow moments of gentle suckling, John pulls off, kisses the top of his thigh.
“Yes,” breathes Sherlock, “Oh, God, yes,” and in this endorphin-fueled moment, with everything outside this bed forgotten, and John deep inside him, it feels absolutely right and true and perfect.
He follows the DI out of the conference room,  as does Wiggins.
Louellen nods, picks up her own mug, takes a sip.
“I am
“It’s just you and me,” he says. “All right? Whatever happens, however this goes, it’s just you and me and it’s absolutely fine.”
“No, no problem. Of course not. It’s just...is it for a case?”
He turns to look at her, then, this woman who makes her living helping arseholes like him.
John's face must be terrifying; the man behind the register shrinks away, shaking his head.
The two men walk through Regent’s Park in somewhat strained silence, each keeping his  own counsel for the moment. Sherlock isn’t completely oblivious to John, however, moderating his long-legged gait just slightly to keep pace with John’s shorter stride.
“Although popular lore holds the public school systems are a hotbed of deviance,” Sherlock notes, “my experiences were really quite unremarkable. I rarely got into any sort of trouble.”
There is a rustle as Mycroft covers the phone with his hand; John hears him give muffled orders in what sounds like Russian, then return to the phone. “I’ve activated the pinpoint GPS tracking on Sherlock’s phone,” he says crisply. “I’m in Kiev at the moment, so unfortunately I cannot assist you in person. I’ll have all relevant data sent to Gregory Lestrade, and there will be a car waiting for you within ten minutes to take you to New Scotland Yard. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m a bit indisposed at the moment. I’m trying to prevent hostilities in Crimea from going nuclear. That last part, by the way, is not public knowledge.”
To John’s complete lack of surprise, Sherlock manages to bypass both voice recognition software and electronic locks and is waiting for him in his flat, huddling into a shadowy corner of the cluttered kitchen. His cheekbones are cadaverous, his eyes haunted; that voluminous wool coat is wrapped tightly around his underfed frame, the rich tweed his only armor against a capricious, indifferently cruel universe.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock insists. “Maybe a little-- but no. I’m fine.”
By the time Sherlock washes his hands and picks up his mobile, he has 23 texts and six voicemail messages.
Sherlock is overcome by the desire to touch John’s silver hair. His fingertips rise almost involuntarily to brush the silky strands.
For his part, Sherlock merely glowers at the RN with unalloyed (and likely undeserved) suspicion. John is fairly certain that’s been his default expression the entire time he’s been in hospital. Glenn, however, is clearly a professional, cheerfully ignoring Sherlock’s glare and focusing his attention on John. “Let’s see how you’re doing, shall we?”
“What for?”
“I’ll just…” John trails off awkwardly, gestures at the door. “You can handle the rest, yeah?”
“Taffey Lewis?” John asks.
John can’t help but bring his fingers up to touch Sherlock’s soft, curls, brushing aside the fringe tumbling into one eye.
“So am I.” Sherlock pulls his head back slightly and gives John a searching look, chins folding up adorably.
“It hasn’t been driven in over a month, though the plates are current. No one is driving it, clearly you can bear to part with it.”
He truly does intend for it to be a simple good night kiss, a chaste token of closeness and affection, but Sherlock’s mouth is warm and soft against his, and when he turns his head and his lips part just slightly in invitation John can help but respond, pressing forward, deepening the kiss, the tip of his tongue slipping into Sherlock’s mouth, warm and slightly minty from toothpaste. Sherlock sighs just a little, his hand coming up to cup the back of John’s head, thumb stroking his hair as they kiss, mouths growing wet as their tongues meet with increased urgency.
Sherlock turns the key in the ignition, starting the engine before turning to face John. “First. Bodyguard is Ukrainian. Came to America as a preteen, just late enough that he still has a trace of an accent. Tattoo on his neck tells me he did prison time, yet he carries an illegal firearm. This tells me obviously Caldwell is crooked as hell, and almost certainly involved with the Ukrainian mob. Second. Caldwell’s responses confirmed his ties to Lou Andrews. Andrews is involved with Maria’s activities, and therefore the person who has the answers we’re looking for. Third. That is literally the worst hair transplant in human history. I’ve seen more natural growth patterns on a Chia Pet.”
They fall quiet again. Sherlock’s warmth and nearness is soothing, and the Dilaudid is hitting him like a ton of bricks. He closes his eyes.
“A form of bipedal locomotion, exclusive to the species
“Good.” John reaches across the table, brushes his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand. “Anyway, I’d rather focus on the future. Wouldn’t you?”
He’s exhausted, still gravely injured, and in no way ready to do this right now. Plus, and probably more to the point, he wishes like hell he didn’t have to.
An odd, almost dreamy look crosses Sherlock’s features for just the briefest of moments, then is gone so quickly John almost thinks he imagined it altogether.
Sherlock tosses the crumpled white tube onto the mattress, looking undeniably pleased with his success.
Then he places his hand on the small of John’s back, steady and warm.
John’s eyebrow ticks upward just a fraction in surprise; Rocco catches John’s look and smiles, a thin rueful curve of his lips. “I’m not an idiot, sir. I wanted to be a doctor, once. A drug problem and brains aren't mutually exclusive, are they?"
“Oh, for God’s sake,” Sherlock says. “Don’t look at me like that, John. You know what I mean.”
Sherlock wraps his coat tighter against the shivers racing down in spine as they walk in silence. It’s late on a Tuesday evening, and even in the city there are remarkably few cars or pedestrians out at this hour.
Sherlock nods, and wastes no time in wrapping his hand around the base and guiding his mouth over the head of his cock. He only makes it a little more than halfway down the shaft but it’s amazing, warm wet velvet heat surrounding him, engulfing him, and when Sherlock looks up at him, with lips stretched obscenely around his large hard length, pale green eyes already watering, the arousal that floods John’s belly is something primal, deep and overpowering. He has never wanted anything in his life as much as he wants to thrust hard into that gorgeous mouth, and it takes every shred of willpower to keep himself still, to let Sherlock explore him with his lips and tongue and hands.
“You worked with Maria,” Sherlock says. “Back in the day.”
He drops his ID and keys on the manager’s desk and walks out without looking back.
Yes, tonight had been a stupendously, monumentally bad decision.
“Oh love, he’s not in,” Mrs Hudson says apologetically. “I don’t know where he is; you know he never tells me anything.”
John stands, begins to gather tea mugs.
John breathes a chuckle, pressing a kiss to his shoulder before rolling away, tucking himself back into his jeans before rising from the bed. When John moves away from him, the cool air of the room hits Sherlock inflamed and abraded skin anew, making him gasp in surprise at the pain.
Sherlock wakes, briefly, to fingers tracing across the muscles of his abdomen. He recoils, unable to stop the whimper that spills from his lips.
“As you can clearly see.” Evelyn smiles thinly, plucking the paperwork from his fingers and returning the sheet to its envelope before slipping it back into her bag. She pauses as if in thought, then pulls out her mobile. “Would you like to speak to him?” She presses a button, turns the screen so Figueroa can see. “He’s probably having his breakfast right this moment. I’m sure he wouldn’t mind an Atlantic City detective interrupting his coffee and toasted blueberry muffin.”
“Indeed she does. It was her home from birth until age fourteen. Her parents were young, uneducated, never quite managed to establish a steady address. Mainly, they bounced from one relative to another.” Sherlock purses his lips, deep in thought. “This town has one of the highest percentages of abandoned property in the country. There are literally thousands of empty buildings.”
The next morning John is reading the G2 supplement, vaguely considering looking for a pencil and attempting the crossword, when Sherlock comes into the kitchen. He’s crisp and fresh, perfectly coiffed and dressed, looking none the worse for wear after staying up most of the night yet again.
Sherlock clears his throat, quietly, self-conscious.
“This is how I like you best,” he murmurs, as his skilled fingers continue to torment Sherlock. “Desperate with need and aching to come. My eager little fucktoy, wanting so badly to be used and abused.”
“What if these men are out there right now trying to find new test subjects?” John asks. “What are you going to do?”
” he exhales raggedly. “I’m not going to--I can’t--”
The two of them survey the scene quietly for a minute. The breeze ruffling John’s hair is chilly and brisk, leaving the taste of salt lingering on his lips.
Sophie doesn’t say anything, still radiating concerned disapproval behind John’s head. John wants to say he’s sorry, he does, but he’s pretty sure that would only make this all even more uncomfortable so in the end he doesn’t.
John curses himself for his utter lack of awareness. Stupid, so fucking
“It’s alright,” John breathes, soft and fond. “I’m glad I didn’t miss this.” He moves his hand away from Sherlock’s cock to his hip, pulling him close and very deliberately grinding his arse back against his hard length. “We could do it like this, if you want.”
“Do you like it when I play with your nipples?” John asks.
“You didn’t tell me to bring the the needle,” the second voice says, tremulous, cringing.
. So you go passive, you go limp, you stop struggling. You
“Yes,” John admits without dissembling. “I do. And it’s a liability, it makes me far too close to this to function effectively. I’m not his doctor, not really. I’m his---well, I don’t exactly know what I am to him, right at this moment. But I do know I’m absolutely not equipped to deal with this.”
The studied, subtle silliness of it all makes John laugh, open and genuine.
. I need--”
“Excellent judgment on your part,” Sherlock replies. “Did she take anything else besides the drugs?"
“Hello yourself,” Sherlock says quietly, his voice warm and deep, his fond, genuine smile visible even in the low light.
The danger zone, back then, was in the liminal space after solving a challenge, when Sherlock was full of good feelings -- but was then inevitably confronted with the cruel, crushing reality of an empty room, an empty
“Listen,” John says, and cranks the handle. The tinny recorded voice fills the room, this one not digitized but a man, utterly human and pushed to the brink of panic, barely holding it together under the thin veneer of stoic British reserve.
Under different circumstances, the two of them could perhaps have been friends.
fuck me.”
John smiles, tries to convey without words how very much he cares for him, adores him without reservation, from now until his very last breath. He holds out a hand. “Come here," he says, gently. "Please?”
Ducking low in the saddle to flatten his body against the wind’s resistance, he tried to go even faster, and managed until another bend forced him to brake slightly so as not to shoot right out of it and take a shortcut down the slope. Veering into the middle of the road to cut the curve, he noticed too late that there was a layer of loose gravel. For a brief, heart-stopping moment he felt his rear tyre lose grip and the bike beginning to slide, but he managed to control it by shifting his balance slightly and withstanding the reflex to brake hard which likely would have caused the wheel to block and slip even more.
“I mean it.” Suddenly, he knew what had been bothering him. He stepped even closer and lowered his voice. “This shooter ... do you think it could have been Moran?”
Sherlock nods. Speaking is not an option yet.
“No luck in your index?”
“Perhaps you can convince that almighty brother of yours that my staying at Bletchley is vital for your work or something. I’m sure he has the right connections.”
“I don’t mind. Sharing the bed with you, I mean. I know you don’t snore badly. Well, at least you don’t when you nap on the sofa, and didn’t when I watched you in hospital after …”
“But your brother ...”
“Bit not good, indeed. A little more tact wouldn’t go amiss, Sherlock.”
John nods. “Trouble is, we have no way of knowing where they went. If the valet, Rivers or Brook, or whatever his real name is, fetched her from her billet yesterday evening and they drove through the night, they could be in Scotland by now.”
“Yeah, guess so. My legs are all right. Got a bit of a hip, though,” he added with a crooked smirk. Sherlock gazed at him worriedly. John gently dug his elbow into his side. “Hey, that was meant to be a joke to lighten the mood. Really, Sherlock, don’t worry so much. It’s unlikely I’m concussed, and if so, it’s only very mild. My shoulder will bruise nicely and hurt like buggery for a week or two, same for my ribs. But that’s all. I’ll live.”
Moving his chair closer to Sherlock’s and leaning towards him, “Did you get anywhere with the strange message?” he asks in a low voice.
“Dennis Severs’ House on Folgate Street. It’s near Spittalfields Market.”
Sherlock nods. “What about her broken engagement, then? I would assume that bothered her, too, recent as it was.”
“Well, you’re not exactly dissolving into tears, are you? But if you feel you need a hug I’d be very happy to oblige.”
“Oi, careful. I mean it. I’m no psychiatrist, but I do believe that these past few days you’ve been increasingly ... perhaps not happy, but content. Less tense, more at ease. Settling into things.” He waves a hand. “Oh, I don’t know. You were so awkward that first night we shared a room, and now you’re standing here like that, as if we’ve been mates sharing rooms for ages.”
“Yes. Whenever they build roads or similar things, they consult such a person, to make sure no dwellings of the
He interrupted his lecture at John’s chuckle. “Pop-culture reference, Sherlock. Even you must know Harry Potter.”
They are silent for a while, the only sounds in the room being the slide of John’s hands, the occasional creak of bedsprings, and Sherlock’s soft sighs and groans. As John watches Sherlock submit to his ministrations, once again a wave of deep, unconditional fondness and affection rushes through him. The urge to voice this overcomes him.
Most team members exchange questioning glances. Sherlock draws a deep breath and sits up in his chair. “One of the conditions of being allowed to return to professional cycling and ride any UCI races was that for the past few years, all my biological data was closely monitored by WADA, as well as another independent Anti-Doping corporation. All my blood tests, training results, vitals have been recorded meticulously. There has barely been a day I was entirely unsupervised. There were several unannounced checks, some even at night. I wore a GPS trace all the time, like a common criminal. You can track my movements all over the world.”
John eyes the muffin thoughtfully, before wolfing it down with three large bites.
John nods, and Sherlock goes on. “I still believe this is what happened.”
“The bees can be our witnesses. I don’t think we need a priest.”
“Yeah, I know. And I won’t give up the fight. But how’s Sherlock doing? He must almost be done, too.”
“You know about Wainwright? Seriously?”
“John?”
Sherlock nods thoughtfully. “I see. And Mrs. Hudson just thought ... oh.”
“So what? Some would describe your appreciation of the stars as romantic cliché as well.”
Taking off his coat, scarf and jacket, he rolls up his sleeves and resumes packing.
Sherlock isn’t exactly thrilled by the idea. This almost sounds like being forced to ‘socialise’. He’s not sure he’s very good at introducing his colleagues. There’s a lot he could tell Watson about them, but most of these things he learned through observation and deduction. As interesting as many of these findings are, he doubts the other would appreciate getting to know his colleagues so intimately so soon. Also, what to tell him about the work in Hut 8? He’s unlikely to understand the various skills required for cryptoanalysis, won’t be able to tell a Banbury sheet from a bigram table, and even though he mentioned an Enigma machine, Sherlock is certain he has no idea how they work. Still, a guided tour round the barrack might save himself from an hour or two of boring codebreaking, so he nods.
“What kind of contacts?” John wants to know.
“He’s the third of the trio,” confirms John. “Come on, Sherlock. Let’s get you to the hospital.”
Lestrade still looks troubled. “What I would like to know, though, is where they got that photo from,” he muses. “It doesn’t look Photoshopped, apart from the colours, perhaps.”
“Yeah, for me as well, I fear.”
The low hum of a car sounded down on the street, followed by a series of loud bangs that made both men jump, John so badly that he spilled water all over his chest.
“Williams,” she replies, her Cumbrian accent thick. “I only started here three weeks ago.”
John gazes at him, nods gravely. “Thank you, Sherlock. I will tell you more, but not tonight. Tonight I want to think of other things. Or not think at all for a bit.”
John liked her. It was easy to talk to her. She had indeed looked him up online, and questioned him about his cases with Sherlock she had found on his blog. “He seems a fascinating man,” she said, “and a nightmare to live with,” she then added with a wink.
“My phone?”
When the piece ended Sherlock remained in trance for a moment before he stirred and sighed, then turned his head slightly to acknowledge John’s presence. “
“Have a look in my wallet,” said Sherlock, carefully placing his bike against the wall. “It’s in your rucksack.”
Without recalling he actually stepped outside, Sherlock finds himself standing on the pavement. A dark shape is looming closer. Faintly, Sherlock can hear the traffic on Marylebone Road, the excited voices of the carol singers as they dash down Baker Street, hoping to snatch a pie yet or some jellied eels. Sherlock barely pays them any heed. His eyes are glued to the figure approaching. It stops now and again, sometimes even stepping towards a door and then swerving back onto the pavement. Looking at the numbers, searching for a particular one, Sherlock deduces. He wishes there was no blackout, that the streetlights were lit. Driven by curiosity and something else, a deep, almost unbearable mixture of excitement, hope and fear, he takes a step forward, and another.
“You’re welcome to peruse them any time. Perhaps after the war – should it ever end in our favour and this flat still exist then—”
“I thought you had changed you mind, that you didn’t want me anymore.”
Kit grins at him. “Yeah, I will. You, too, John.”
“Do we know anything else about this Moran?” asked John, leafing back to the most recent photograph of the man which according to the date stamp had been taken two days ago at Gatwick Airport.
John steals a glance at the scene. “Interesting,” he comments dryly when Jim Moriarty and Sebastian Moran approach the other three at their outside table. A waitress appears but Moriarty waves her off. Stepping over to Ricoletti, he claps his shoulder, which earns him a dark glance and a curt remark which makes Moriarty lift both hands in mock apology as he steps back to grab a chair and sit down.
John nods, looking relieved. “Me neither.”
“John.” As if on cue, Sherlock’s voice sounds from the bathroom. John jumps in shock, hastily grabbing a large mug from the cupboard over the sink and dashing back.
Sherlock wakes with a start and a groan. It’s dark around him and very warm. His head still hurts. Where is he? The tunnel again? Too warm, ground too soft. The Serbian cellar
Lovers.”
“Yes, I’m aware. And I have people looking into the matter. Even though my name wasn’t mentioned explicitly, not only people who remember what happened eleven years ago – or think what happened – were able to connect the dots, meaning this crap wasn’t only meant to damage you, but me as well.”
John wriggled out of the wet spot and carefully turned onto his back, gazing at Sherlock who scoffed at his words while looking mightily pleased with himself. He was studying his hand which still bore traces of its recent occupation. Presently, he sniffed it. Before John could prevent it or even utter a word of warning, he even stabbed at it briefly with his tongue. John groaned. His last test had been a while ago when he’d applied for a position at the new surgery, and despite his lack of partnered sex since, he’d have preferred to be tested again before they got intimate, just to make sure he wouldn’t be passing anything on to Sherlock.
While they were talking over tea and biscuits (with Sherlock rapidly losing interest and beginning to get bored, judging from his expression), Constable Havers received a call from Scotland Yard. Apparently, Sommersby had been apprehended trying to check himself into Chelsea Hospital’s A&E under a false name to get his leg injury treated.
“Guess that’s our ninth teammate, then,” shrugs John.
“Why did you bring your bike up here anyway?” asks John incredulously, still staring at the slightly dishevelled appearance in the door.
All in all, neither the breakaways nor the peloton trundling behind them make any effort to speed up the race. Due to the heat and the fact that a considerable number of riders suffered injuries the previous day, the average speed remains slow. Even on smooth stretches of road it rarely exceeds 40 kmh, while on the
“I always wondered about the little ridges and hillocks in the heathland,” mused Peter, “but I thought they were refuse heaps from the sandpits, or earth and sand they cleared away when they built the airfields decades ago. A barrow, who’d have thought. And they really found ancient chain-mail there?”
John pinches his side. “Piss off. I was being serious.”
A shot rings out. Both Sherlock and Moran jerk in surprise. Moran half turns towards the sound, and freezes in shock. Sherlock can’t see clearly, but he recognises John’s shoes and the legs of his trousers close by. He is doing something. A small wad of paper falls down onto the rug next to Sherlock’s head. The acrid smell of gunpowder fills the air, and Sherlock can hear the quick scrape of metal, and then the click of a gun being cocked.
“Your shoulder?”
John narrows his eyes, gazing ahead to where the group around Moriarty can be seen on the straight road with only a camera motorcycle between them. “It won’t work.”
definition of ‘teamwork’, Jim,” returns Wiggins fiercely, stabbing a finger at Moriarty who, however, doesn’t recoil but just stands calmly watching the other, “which basically means everybody working for you so that you end up on the podium in Paris, whatever the price. I’m fed up with it, and so are some of your other underlings. You tried to reel me in again today when I broke away. You sprinted after me, you arsehole, and almost brought the fucking peloton right back onto my heels. Cheers for that,
Sherlock’s eyes went wide and he gave John a brief but appreciative smile as he grabbed his mobile to start texting again.
Sherlock turns to him and frowns. “What? It’s important.” Turning back to Vanessa, he says, “You mentioned that there are growing differences between you, that Tiffany’s ‘abduction’ may be the last straw. For the past months, you, at least, have been considering divorce. You and Daniel have talked about it, haven’t you? What is going on – apart from the affairs you and Daniel are having on the side?”
“Ha ha, very funny. You didn’t actually ... you know, did you?”
The final, desperate battle for the stage win is broadcast via radio to the other Team Speedy’s riders by Sam who drives the support car behind Kit and Dimmock. While the peloton is still following the broad D928 north-eastward as it leads through the valley of a winding river with a range of low downs mounting to the left, the breakaways have already reached the village of Beaumont-de-Lomagne where the narrow D61 branches off to the left and climbs the downs by about a hundred and fifty metres in the last categorised ascent of the day (thankfully only a cat. 4).
“I know she’s a woman,” grouses John but without ire, remembering the capable, attractive redhead. His eyes linger on Sherlock who returns his gaze with patient, half-suppressed amusement. “So ... women really aren’t your area, are they?”
“Have you ever been? Interested, I mean,” asks John quietly. “In anybody?”
John’s lips quirk up in a smile. “Anything in particular you’re looking for?”
John shakes his head, his eyes gleaming with well-meaning mirth. “No, it’s not. Embarrassing, I mean. Or else it shouldn’t be. It’s natural, and as your doctor and somebody who has spent most of his life sharing quarters with other men let me tell you that it happens to everybody, and to many of them far more frequently and ... er ... prominently than you. So don’t worry. I’m not appalled or anything, if that’s what you’re worried about. In fact, I find it almost flattering, if I pretend it happened because of last night.”
John laughs brightly at this. “Why, do you like it?”
“More than a friend, I’d say,” corrects Sherlock. “We know she had a string of male lovers. That wasn’t a secret. Half the Park knew, and she obviously didn’t mind having a bit of a reputation in that regard. She even seemed to encourage the fact that people saw her in that light, happy to flirt left, right and centre. After breaking off her engagement, she did not seem to have had another serious, committed relationship, but rather revelled in her freedom – that, at least, was how she made it look. Even with Moran, their acquaintance doesn’t seem to have been more than a brief fling, for her at least. Likely, she courted him for his money and ended their relationship when he got too clingy and possessive, clever girl that she was.”
“Today,” Edmund corrected his mother. He was still eyeing Sherlock intently, a slight frown creasing his freckled forehead. “You have a funny name.”
“When did you last see her?”
John shakes his head, laughing softly. “This feels strangely familiar, too. I take it we went here in the past ... well, in the other timelines, right?”
“Where exactly did you find it?” asks John quickly, feeling a mixture of excitement and trepidation. The model looks similar to the one Sherlock owns. Moreover, he won’t put it past Sherlock to have secured his phone with some explosive device – just as Irene Adler did with her camera phone all those years ago.
, which, surprisingly, was not met with a blank stare or eye-roll, Sherlock’s usual reaction to references to popular culture, but with a faint, knowing smirk.
“The latter,” says Sherlock, his voice brusque. John gazes at him for a moment, then shrugs. “You don’t know what you’re missing out on, mate,” he states, clapping Sherlock’s shoulder amicably. Sherlock has to use considerable self-control not to lean into the touch, which seems to linger, more than a normal clap should have. It’s rather a squeeze, with John’s hand resting where on Sherlock’s upper arm where the shirtsleeve leaves the waistcoat, and he can feel its warmth and slight moisture through the fabric. It’s ... good. Sherlock wouldn’t mind if it went on a little longer.
It’s moot to imagine these things, though. Sherlock tells himself that breaking off all contact is for the best, that it wouldn’t have worked, anyway, between Victor and him, not after this kind of betrayal of trust. He is better off without friends, and of course without lovers, too. Neither are worth the trouble and potential heartbreak. He tells himself he’s fine.
Victor narrows his eyes at him, draws a deep breath and releases it slowly. “I know you think that I was the one who sold this story to
He shifts so that he is lying next to John and kisses him again. “All in good time,” he tells John as he begins to unbutton the front of his pyjamas, to then run his hand down John’s chest and abdomen, cataloguing the new scars there and not liking the way he can feel John’s ribs more clearly. The man needs feeding up. Sherlock will make sure to nick some extra rations from his parents who no doubt are well provisioned with food, given Mycroft’s influence and their rural surroundings and connections.
Now Sherlock does stand up. “But sir,” he insists, “we cannot yet rule out murder or even espionage in the case of Jennifer Wilson. It should be in your interest to see the matter cleared up beyond any doubt, especially with the visit of an official delegation looming ahead. You would have quite some explaining to do when members of your staff working on highly sensitive information suddenly turn up dead and you are not seen to pull all stops to reveal the true reason for their untimely demise.”
Then his eyes lit up, and his grave expression was replaced by an excited one. “If you’ve still got the scarf, it’d be a splendid addition to my collection of fibre samples. I recall that it was a rather unique blend of cashmere and merino wool.”
John chuckles. “Yes indeed. In the past, all this relationship stuff used to stress me out. But with you, it’s surprisingly easy.”
Again thanks to all who are following this story and have left comments or kudos, and who are simply reading along. This is a shorter chapter than usual, again brilliantly betaed by rifleman_s. Hope you enjoy.
“Pity. Would have been cool to see that.”
A general moan of disappointment and more laughter.
John heaved a dramatic sigh. “I’m going to overthink the caring business.”
Sherlock snorted dangerously and took a step forward.
It turned out they had more time than they had anticipated. The TGV to Paris was delayed by more than half an hour. Sherlock was on the phone with Lestrade again now that there was a stable connection. After calculating their new arrival time at Paris Gare de Lyon, John glanced at the clock worriedly. They’d have to hurry to get through the city with time to spare to reach and check in to the Eurostar from Gare du Nord. Should there be further delays there was a chance they were going to miss it. John decided not to tell Sherlock for the time being, knowing there would be a major strop if there was going to be a major delay in their travelling arrangements. Most likely things were going to turn out fine. And if not, having to spend an additional night in Paris didn’t sound too bad.
John notices his sudden excitement. “Sherlock, what is it?”
“No, definitely not,” he agreed. “But I wouldn’t want it any other way.”
“Indeed. You didn’t deny the possibility of a massage, by the way?” remarked Sherlock with a sly grin, obviously in teasing mode again. He wiggled his toes.
John chuckled at this, while the mention of ‘next time’ sent a bolt of heat through his body. “Gosh, I’m beginning to fear what you might be able to do with more experience and your dominant hand when your other one has been so … proficient already.”
“Four days. It was U-110, under Kapitänleutnant Lemp. On April 9th we were attacked by British destroyers HMS
Sherlock scoffed. “John, really. You know I’ve been through your photographs and personal memorabilia countless times and hence am aware of the summer you spent as a stable-boy at a local riding school. Your official reason was to earn some money, the unofficial one to meet girls. You received free riding lessons then, and other … lessons, too, when your second objective proved successful.”
“It’s possible, but unlikely,” answered Katie. “The roots aren’t usually pulled up during haymaking. And yes, the Punches are kept in the stables in autumn and winter, so no danger of accidentally munching on a root, either. Only the Icelandic horses are kept outside all year round, and none of them has fallen ill or died. Still, after Rædwald perished – which was a blow to the Millers, emotionally, and financially, too, as he was their main stud – not much more was done. It was chalked up as a sad but isolated incident. The insurance paid some of the damage, and the matter was dropped. And then five days ago Ælfgifu, their most valuable mare, was found dead, too. Same thing: all fine in the evening, no signs of colic or else, no injuries, no strange behaviour. And then Mrs. Miller finds her dead in her stall next morning.”
John laughs softly. “So I arrive there not knowing what to expect except excruciating boredom, but almost immediately I run into an old mate from university who gives me a tour of the place. And then in the canteen, of all places, I lend my pen to some smartarse boffin, fiercely intelligent, more than a bit rude and arrogant, looking like he’s straight out of public school with ridiculous curls and weird eyes, and I watch him while he deduces my entire life story by just looking at my bleeding fountain pen, and I know that I am well and truly, well, buggered.”
“Oh, I do have a few ideas.”
John looks up from where he has been kneeling on the floor. “What bothered me?”
, per se. But okay. Acceptable. I’ll manage. As I said, nothing has to change. You can delete what I said, if you want. If it bothers you.” He laughs nervously. “I’m babbling, aren’t I? I’ll shut up now.”
“Looking for anything in particular or are we just sight-seeing?” asks John.
“Back in the Great War, perhaps, although even then I knew it wasn’t going to be the big adventure everybody had been talking about back in ’14 and ’15. I enlisted quite late, towards the end. I would have been too young before, anyway. And I really went because most of my friends did, too. The chaps of my rugby team, and many from my school. We were like one of the Pals battalions, although by that time most of those were officially disbanded.”
“Molly. Excellent. She just texted she has some of the extended toxicology results. I’ll need your phone for calling her. The battery’s low on mine.”
“Oh, shut up.”
“We can’t be sure. According to Molly and the toxicology report, she died of an allergic reaction that caused her trachea to swell critically. Question is what caused the reaction? It’s unlikely she was allergic to any of the foods she ate as she seems to have been very conscientious about her diet. Had she been allergic to any foodstuffs, nuts or whatever, she would have known and acted accordingly. Moreover, why didn’t she notice something was wrong, she or other people? The gallery is a busy place. If she had had visible trouble breathing, it is unlikely nobody would have seen despite the darkness of the space and the flickering illumination from the video installations.”
“I’m not jealous,” splutters John. “Why would I be jealous?”
Sherlock scuffs at his eyes. He is crying in earnest now, his nose is running. He wipes it on his sleeve.
But these are not the only sounds he hears. John is tossing and turning in his bed. He is completely entangled in his sheets. His hands are clasping them so forcefully that even in the dim light, his knuckles show white. His breath comes in heavy gasps that almost sound like sobs, and they are broken by soft cries of “No”, and other words Sherlock can’t make out. His hair is tousled and sticks to his forehead that is covered in sweat.
Until John himself had come along, that was. He felt warmth spread through him, laced with guilt, however. Sherlock had admitted that he’d felt attracted to John almost right from the start of their acquaintance. He’d never acted on it, however, unless one counted the covert glances, the constant revolving around John, the not so subtle jealousy whenever John had introduced another girlfriend, the attempts at sabotaging John’s love-life. And John hadn’t realised the true reason because he had been battling his own growing attraction to the impossible man, his own hetero-normative prejudice, the fact that he had never felt more alive than when around Sherlock Holmes. God, poor Sherlock. It must have seemed to him like Victor Trevor all over again: the insistence on John not being gay, them not being a couple, the frequent girlfriends, the constant, growing yet never expressed devotion to the other.
“Sherlock,” he offers. Despite still looking somewhat apprehensive, she smiles.
A smile makes its way past Sherlock’s control. “Yes, pretty much.”
“I have left them a list with detailed instructions,” he says, smiling, “as well as bookmarks in those of the books we brought. Stop worrying, John. She has stayed with other people before, even over night, and since we’ve spent the past four days and three nights at my parents’ cottage, and she didn’t even make a fuss the first night – despite that being New Year’s Eve – I have no doubts that she will be fine now. You know how my parents dote on her – even Mycroft does, in his way. They will be fine.”
Sherlock smiled, returning the pressure. “The same goes for you.”
“How long have you been eavesdropping, then?” he asked.
“Sherlock,” says John, his voice soft and hoarse, sounding as if he hasn’t used it for a while. But immediately, “Sherlock,” he repeats, stronger and more sure, and this, finally, breaks the spell. He takes a step forward, the walking stick hitting the pavement, the same moment as Sherlock covers the last few yards separating them in a rush, enveloping John in a fierce embrace. The cap flies from John’s head, his arms snake round Sherlock’s back, one hand cups his nape as he buries his face in Sherlock’s neck. His breath comes in gaps, as does Sherlock’s. He is crying, clinging to Sherlock, holding him as close as he possibly can. Sherlock’s eyes are wet as well, tears beading the collar of John’s coat over the thin layer of mist that has condensed there. He wants to say something, tell John how much he missed him, how relieved he is to hold him in his arms when for months he didn’t even know if he was still alive. But the words won’t come, and somehow, Sherlock knows they’re not necessary. John doesn’t speak either, just sniffs and sniffs and holds on to Sherlock like a drowning man to a life-raft.
Alun Gruffudd is out and about with his dogs when they reach the farm. He looks recovered apart from a slight cold and is uncharacteristically quiet and thoughtful. He has obviously been informed about his future son-in-law’s recent mishap. According to his wife, he has been thinking a lot about what happened, and also talked to some of the people from town who helped look for Remington – some of whom, apparently, he was on bad terms with previously.
“Yes, quite a fanciful name, but with enough air of secrecy to prevent people from enquiring further. They have a code for emergencies, and a ruse of what to tell the operator. Molly should know it, too. If not, tell her to call this number and tell her story. She’ll be connected to the right people from there.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Mrs. Flint snaps back into her stern, efficient professional persona. Brushing at her (still) neat hair, she nods at the two men. “Of course, of course. Please follow me, sirs. Will you be needing assistance, Mr. Holmes? I can call for a footman to help you upstairs?”
“Thanks,” returns John dryly.
Seb swallows before his anger seems to be getting the better of him. “Listen, fellow, I don’t know what you’re talking about. If you’re one of Jenny’s exes and this is about jealousy, you can piss off right away. She was sleeping with half of Bletchley, from what I heard. As for when I was seeing her or not, it’s none of your concern.
“You were seeing, but not observing. They have been part of this sport all along. Hurry up, now, or Moran will get away.”
Sherlock huffed, his hands clutching the insides of his pockets. “Forget it, it was a silly idea,” he said, his voice and expression hard and oddly disappointed. “Obviously my source of information about what people do was faulty. My apologies for disturbing you.” He turned to leave.
“Yeah, I did. And then you blew up our table and worse, tried to smoke again.”
“Yeah, but he
“She insisted,” returns Sherlock. “And most of them were ancient. The remains of Lindow Man can even be viewed at the British Museum. Also, I don’t see how her being a girl has anything to do with it.”
“How did you recognise it, though?”
Mrs. Flint looks relieved. “Thank you, sir. Ring the bell if you need anything.” She curtsies and leaves, closing the door behind her.
“Was he … don’t know, left-handed, and it was a knife for right-handed people or the other way round?”
“Holy shit, is that the road we were supposed to cycle up?” John commends, staring in horror at a shaky, pixelated video-stream from a French news channel.
“Whether he wins this stage or not, it’s pretty clear that he and Trevor have truly distanced the other in the GC top ten. Even Wilkes is more than half a minute behind Trevor, and he’s the fastest of the bunch,” says Lyons. “Sherlock is going to move up a few ranks in the GC after this.”
Sherlock sniffs, smiling against John’s skin. John makes a questioning sound. Sherlock lifts his head and gazes at him, seeing worry which is immediately replaced by love and happiness. He kisses John, and John kisses back, obviously relieved that Sherlock is all right.
Remington makes an angry, impatient gesture. “Gwen is from here. She got a lot of flack for getting involved with me, you know. Fraternising with the enemy, that kind of bullshit. Without me – the ‘enemy’ – and my gift for investment, a number of buildings in town would be in ruins now. But did I receive any thanks? Nope. ’Course not, because I’m not ‘green’ enough or something.” He waves a hand. “There’s no talking to these people.”
“I imagine that you can expect a considerable sum should they accept your claims.”
Sherlock sits up and turns to him. “Is it so bad?”
John stares at Sherlock’s bright yellow jersey a few rows ahead of him and worries his lower lip with his teeth. “Thanks.”
“Why, do you think he’ll try to win back the polka-dot tomorrow against word from above? Moriarty will want to keep him close for
Sherlock feels as if somebody has poured ice down the back of his shirt. “What makes you think so?” he asks warily, recalling her text from this morning.
Sherlock sniffed haughtily. “Hardly. It causes me to do undignified things —”
However, at other times, the mere thought of having someone else come to know about his dreams had been utterly out of question. During those instances, John had blessed his solitude, or the fact that Sherlock was as reluctant to talk about these issues as John, and most times chose to show his support and the fact he cared with a cup of tea, a glass of water, or soothing violin music until John had fallen asleep again – or indeed a case, to keep him from sleeping.
“You’re the more explosive and experienced rider, and therefore more likely to spot a gap and use it – as you did yesterday.”
John looks at him gravely, nods. “Yes, we will be,” he says with conviction.
They sit like this for a moment before John clears his throat. “Good for Baskerville winning today’s stage, but Moriarty and his team are still in the lead. And unless you or one of the other GC hopefuls pull something big out of your helmets on Saturday – or Jimmy crashes tomorrow or on Friday – he’ll wear yellow in Paris. I hate the thought. Anybody but him, really.”
“He said we can get water at Beaune, there’s a small garage,” explained Sherlock. “He also said we should hurry because there will be rain later.”
Slowly, he recovers. When he lifts his head from John’s shoulder and gazes at him, he finds that his vision is slightly blurred. He wipes at his eyes, sniffs, mutters a thanks upon which John kisses him, stroking his hair. “It’s okay, love,” he whispers.
“Yeah, but I’d have preferred to catch him alive. Perhaps he’d been an easier nut to crack than bloody Moran.”
“Depends on how they spin it. We’ll see. Let’s head down to their hotel now. It’s early afternoon. Cleaning staff will be making their rounds. A good opportunity to slip in and have a look around.”
“Why? You’ve never kissed a man before, and you cannot know whether you’d enjoy it. Moreover, there’s a valid possibility I won’t be any good at this.”
“When are we supposed to meet the Warringtons?”
Sherlock smiles softly. Yes, he knows. Even though officially, John and Rosie still live at the house in Ealing John and Mary had rented together, over the past year, ever since the conviction of Culverton Smith, they’ve gradually spent more and more time at Baker Street, to both Sherlock’s and Mrs. Hudson’s delight. John returned to working at Sarah Sawyer’s surgery which is closer to 221B, but without any intention of rekindling their relationship. Sarah is about to get married to her girlfriend, anyway, the realisation of which brought on some introspection in John that has been interesting to watch. Sherlock is convinced by now that John, like Sarah, is bisexual, only that unlike her, who embraced it wholeheartedly, he is still not ready to accept this part of himself.
“We may come back then, although I think for the time being, we have learned all we need to know. One more thing, though,” he adds, addressing Kenworthy. “Do you know when Commander Wilcox will be back?”
“Bit different from Barts canteen, eh?” Mike is saying to the officer who has arrived with him
“Did you have a row?”
“Of course. I won’t set up in business.”
The person approaching from the alley is also a man. He is wearing running gear and is carrying what looks like a cooler bag. He is middle-aged, tanned, and doesn’t look familiar to John. Glancing around furtively but apparently not noticing John and Sherlock hidden on the stairs, he hastily crosses the courtyard with long strides. The man in the door waits for him. Next to John, Sherlock has lifted his mobile phone and is filming them. John understands now why he has decided against using the camera: in addition to the difficult lighting situation, the shutter would be too loud and thus betray their hiding place. Carefully, John gets his phone from the pocket of his jogging trousers and begins to film the encounter as well, just as the person in the doorway shifts so that light falls on his features. It’s Magnussen Jr. He takes the bag from the other and hands him what looks like an envelope. The runner looks inside, counts something, nods. The two men exchange a few words, but they’re too far away for John to catch what is said. He’s not sure they’re speaking English, either.
The team turns to the stage to watch. Next to him, John hears a quiet, “Well, we’ll see about that,” uttered in a deep baritone. Goosebumps rise on his arms. He isn’t sure whether they’re caused by the words or the voice or both. What he knows, however, is that Holmes hasn’t just joined the team to do well in the odd time trial. He recognises the determination, the drive. Here is someone out for blood.
“Can we stand for a moment longer?” asked John. “It’s just ... you’re rarely so still. Let’s just ... take a short break, okay, before you dash off again.”
Sherlock hears John sigh as he reaches the landing. Tired, then. Hungry, and thirsty, too. Cycled to work and had to battle a strong headwind and some reckless, inconsiderate drivers on his way back.
Sherlock sighs. “Your familial situation.”
John looks from one to the other, his confusion mounting. “What is?”
“Oh, I see. Want me to move into yours, then?”
“Oh, so you offer government-approved sex advice for thirty-nine year old queer virgins?” Sherlock wants to know.
“The chippy down the road, for example. Fred who owns it asked and I had nothing better to do. Why do you think we’ve been getting free condiments and extra-large portions ever since?”
“How? She’s so popular, it’s bound to be watched,” mutters John. “Didn’t the usher say they prevent people from molesting the girls there? I wouldn’t want to run foul of him or the other chaps. Did you see his arms? Jesus.”
John gave him a quick glance and smiled to himself. “Indeed it has. We didn’t time our arrival very well, did we?”
when they’ve been attacked by the Dementors. They always eat chocolate afterwards and it helps.”
“I’m a consulting detective.”
The have reached the crossroads after which the South Downs Way dips down into the forest when the rain begins in earnest. It is surprisingly cold and strong. Large drops are soaking their clothes in a matter of minutes. The thunderstorm has moved in, too, but judging by the number of seconds between lightning and thunder it is still away far enough to be no immediate danger.
“Of course they have,” sighs Sherlock. He cocks his head at the minion. “What if we refuse to come?”
John smiled against Sherlock’s chest. “You know, this sounds dangerously like a date. And I hope you’re aware that if I accompany you to that concert, you’ll have to accompany me to the stadium for a football match. Such was the deal, remember?”
Sherlock laughs softly. “‘How to turn on John Watson’?”
But whatever is said in the German tabloid causes colour to drain from his face. His eyes narrow dangerously, and his mouth becomes a thin line. He is both shocked and angry, that much John can tell. His German is rudimentary at best, so he looks at Sherlock expectantly, waiting for a translation. “What is it, Sherlock?” Sally Donovan wants to know.
Sherlock is pricking up his ears. The man has raised his voice over the din. It’s rather high-pitched and laced with an unmistakable Irish lilt.
“You doubt it?”
“Where did you go?”
Smiling to himself, he shifts into a more comfortable position and dives into the world of Tudor England.
“Or a round of vigorous sex,” points out Sherlock.
“Not as much as you like impressing me and hearing me tell you how extraordinary and amazing you are.”
Sherlock swallows. The snogging sounds tempting indeed. The thought surprises him, considering the ‘senseless’ part. He is thankful that his mental faculties are relatively on track again, despite the fact that like John, he can’t stop thinking about their tryst. He strokes John’s hand. “But it wasn’t new for you, what we did. Nor is falling in love,” he observes. “So how come you are so affected by it?”
“Actually, it was a gift from the cat,” Sherlock defends himself. “She likes to bring dead things into the house to feed her humans. She seems to have taken to you, so you might receive some in the future.”
“Shut up,” grumbled John, before inspiration struck him. The crisps. ‘Monster Munch’ indeed. Who above the age of fifteen ate ‘Monster Munch’ apart from that one woman who solely existed on them, going as far as eating one particular flavour only? He’d read about her in a discarded copy of the
Silence again, until John clears his throat. “Um ... anything particular you have in mind?”
“Thank you, sir, I will tell her.”
Sherlock smiles as he switches off the light, draws open the blackout curtain to open the window, and joins John in bed. John is silent for a while as they lie next to each other on the narrow mattress, their shoulders pressed against one another. Again, Sherlock is struck with a sense of graveness, almost grief emanating from John. He is tempted to ask about it, enquire what John talked about with Mycroft earlier this morning, but once more decides against it. Instead, he turns onto his side, snakes an arm under his and John’s pillow and the other across John’s belly, and presses himself as firmly against John’s body as he can without causing him pain.
He can feel John swallow deeply and draw a shuddering breath. “God, Sherlock. I think I’d like to rap your brother round the ears for being such an arsehole.”
“I hope you don’t mind the mess,” says Sherlock as they climb the stairs to 221B. “I’ve only managed to move all my things here as of today. Make yourself at home, John,” he adds, pointing towards the cluttered living room. “I’ll see to the tea.”
Stealing a glance at John who stands with his back to the window gazing about the room, he wonders what the other thinks of his abode. His flat is not furnished to entertain guests. The only people he used to receive were clients and occasionally members of the police force – or, even more rarely and definitely unwillingly, his brother. Therefore, his living room largely functions as a library, a place for research, not relaxation. The adjacent kitchen has rarely seen the preparation of food, but has rather been used as a laboratory for his chemical or forensic experiments. His bedroom is tiny and rarely used as Sherlock often falls asleep on the sofa in the living room. The bathroom facilities are shared and situated on the first floor.
John smiles at him, that slightly roguish, mischievous, lopsided smile that crinkles the corners of his eyes and yet makes him look years younger, carefree and happy, and altogether beautiful. “Well ... I believe I did.” Nervousness creeps into his expression. “You ... um ... you don’t mind, do you? I mean ... it’s not as if it’s ever going to be official or legal or anything. I just thought I’d ... you know. State my intent, something like that. Show you that I really mean what I said, about loving you and wanting to spend the rest of my life with you, whatever this dratted war may yet have in store for us.”
They don’t talk again until they’ve reached their room. John smiles when he sees the lion toy on Sherlock’s pillow, next to a bag containing a collection of yellow jerseys sporting the team logos. Sherlock only rolls his eyes again, but looks pleased all the same, stepping over to his bed and picking up the lion.
he scolds himself.
He shakes his head, hangs his shoulders. “Jesus, I must sound like a complete nutter to you. I am seeing a therapist – like you deduced yesterday. But I haven’t mentioned these dreams and weird ... déjà vus to her yet. I may have PTSD and other mental health problems, but I’m pretty sure I’m not ... whatever this is. Schizophrenic or something.”
“Remember they’re an hour behind us. It’s really early over there.
been so long, after all. And his erection, despite having flagged a little, is still there, quite persistent and actually getting the tiniest bit annoying.
“No, nothing,” replied Nikhita. “She cannot have spent much time at the flat because most of the stuff seemed to belong to the actual owner. There was some food in the fridge and a few pieces of laundry in her size – the friend appears to be taller so it was easy to differentiate the clothing. We brought whatever we could be sure belonged to the victim here, but need to go back to the flat once the owner returns.”
After the second glass, he leans back in the chair and runs both hands over his face and through his hair. His curls are frizzy and tousled. He wonders how long he struggled with the blanket before he woke up.
“None we know of,” cautions Sherlock. “Unless there’s another incident tonight, I suggest we head to the farmer first thing tomorrow – probably after buying boots – then to the mansion, and last to Remington and his fiancée.”
He follows Mike to the tent and mounts his stationary bike again for some easy cycling to purge some of the accumulated lactate from his muscles. Most of his teammates are still there, either cooling down as well or already changed into jackets and long trousers against the cold, watching the small screens the mechanics have set up. Anderson is being treated by Sarah for what looks like a nasty scrape on his thigh.
Watson scratches his head behind his ear. “Well, if we go by the spelling mistake, if there was indeed one and it wasn’t the radio operator’s or the listener’s fault, he’s likely from Northern Germany, perhaps the Hamburg area. He’s either tired or distracted, hence the misspellings. He’s homesick, or thinking of home, at least, which caused him to subconsciously revert back to his local dialect. Perhaps he has been at sea a long time
Gingerly, John took the glass and sipped from it. “Thanks,” he muttered, resting his eyes on it. “Sorry if I woke you.”
“Yes,” cries out Lyons when he passes it. “Almost two seconds faster than Trevor. Brilliant.”
want, John?” he returned, taking a step towards his friend and towering over him, his eyes boring into John’s.
Sherlock makes a mental note to look into the series. John chuckles softly. “Have you ever read any of these books?” he asks Vanessa. She shakes her head. “I’m more into crime novels. But according to the librarian, they are appropriate for a child of Tiffany’s age, so I didn’t object. Why? Should I be worried?”
John takes a sip from his pint, staring at the table thoughtfully and absently tracing a whorl in the wood with his finger. Sherlock watches him quietly, wondering whether John has felt likewise upon returning from war: disconnected with his surroundings, unable to enjoy what he used to like because of the atrocities he has seen at the front.
“That’s why I’m here. I have news for him concerning Moriarty which may be important for tomorrow. I wonder where he is. It’s not like him to be late.”
“Living room shelf, to the left of the fireplace. Oh, and Mycroft?”
“Upstairs.”
In front of him, he can see the spectre of van Coon doing the same. Racing downhill on a water-slick road on virtually profile-less tyres with limited visibility is never a good idea. From behind, the roar of a motorcycle-engine announces one of the camera teams approaching. As they draw level with John, the person in the back holds up a chalkboard.
John grins at him. “Yeah, because not everybody is as crazy as the two of us. We’re a pretty good team, don’t you think?”
Sherlock nods. He lowers the cup when he sees some commotion at the door of the station. Sergeant Donovan and her colleagues have collected the two goons who are walking between them, their arms cuffed behind their backs. One, the larger, is still walking awkwardly. John must have kicked him really hard. The other is limping, and one of his shoulders looks as if it’s sustained some damage when he fell down the stairs. Donovan’s face is grim when she goes and talks to Lestrade, who exits the van. She nods towards the station, informing him about the body of Nora Perkins, probably.
Sherlock nods.
She studies him, her eyes narrowed. At length, however, she nods. “I’ll think about it.”
He has moved forward in his chair, looking excited and full of life. His cheeks are flushed and his eyes are shining. He looks more alive than he has in a long time. Even Sherlock knows that not everything can be solved with a good case. John has admitted he misses his daughter. That feeling isn’t going to vanish. If the two years away from London, Baker Street and John, and even more those months after his return with John living in Croydon with Mary have taught Sherlock anything, it’s what it means to miss something (or someone), miss it so much that it feels like a part of oneself has been cut off. But it’s certainly a start, and dear God, both of them do need the distraction. The Work beckons. Who is he to deny that call?
After the terrible events of last fall, especially that final, dreadful night at Appledore and everything that followed, he hadn’t been able to even imagine going back to the surgery where he worked alongside Mary: too many bad memories lived in those worn beige hallways, three years’ worth of sadness and loss and grief crowding in from all sides, threatening to overwhelm him at every turn.
John reaches up, cups the side of Sherlock’s face with deceptively gentle fingers.
"I know," John says. "And frankly, he'll have every right to be."
Sherlock took John’s shoulders, as if meaning to shake sense into him. “It’s not nothing!” he hissed. “If that man had killed you, if you were taken from me, John, I don’t know what--I can’t even think of--”
when John once asked him point blank.
Sherlock quirks an annoyed eyebrow at John before continuing. “That said, if I have to theorise, I’d say the surviving portions of the operation regrouped, rebuilt, and then split into competing factions, following some sort of power struggle, exacerbated by doubt over whether Moriarty was really dead. He was brilliant and unstable and unpredictable enough that no one knew what to expect--faking his own death was absolutely the kind of strategic move he would employ as part of a longer game. The broadcast Mycroft created to get me out of my exile just added to the confusion.”
“Back hallway, door on left,” Louellen replies with flat indifference, never taking her eyes away from Sherlock’s face.
“Let go, pet, I've got you.” John gently pries Sherlock’s fingers off of the headboard, half- catching him before he collapses, arranging him carefully onto his right side. “There you go, shhh, baby, you did so well, I’m so proud of you.” The cool mouth of a water bottle is pressed to Sherlock’s lips. “Drink some of this.”
And he
“The mouth on you,” John murmurs, picking up the lube and squirting out a generous handful, slicking the length of his cock. He positions himself over Sherlock, lines himself up, and presses forward oh-so-slowly.
He entertains a brief, flickering hope it’s Sherlock calling, but even before he even looks down at the phone he knows it’s not. He swipes the screen, raises the mobile to his ear.
Sherlock’s hips pump helplessly against nothing, his abdomen flexing, his hip flexors straining as he hovers on the agonizing precipice of orgasm. John decides to take pity on him and bends the rules just the tiniest bit, cupping his balls through the tight fabric, pressing them up against his body.
“The thing is,” Figueroa says with a deliberate mildness, “not too many folks around here keep up with what happens in London,  but you gotta understand, I got into this line of work because I’m kind of a crime buff. I read, a lot, and as it turns out, I know exactly who you are. I’m a fan, by the way. I’ve read your blog, Doctor Watson, and I know about your longtime association with Mister Sherlock Holmes, and also about your late wife, Mary Morstan, née Maria Kochenko. I know there’s a lot going on here, so why don’t you walk me through all this nice and slow, see if we can make some sense of what happened in that garage. Help me see you in a better light, maybe.”
John gives a small sigh as he checks altitude, adjusts stabilisers to compensate for the gusting wind buffeting the small craft. “You’ve got more, don’t you?” John said. “Go on, then.”
“You should be civil to Mycroft, John,” Sherlock tells him, a note of teasing in his raspy voice. He turns his head to hide his grin. “After all, he’ll be your brother-in-law soon.”
Later, much later,  as night turns the corner toward morning, Sherlock lies on the couch and remembers.
“Come on, Sherlock,” protests Lestrade. “Give me what I ask for, for once in your bloody life.”
As instructed, he doesn’t speak.
Sherlock’s dark head is bowed, his breathing suspiciously labored. John surprises himself by reaching out and cupping fingers around the edge of his jaw. “Sherlock,” he repeats, tipping his chin up with gentle pressure, his voice a touch firmer. “I need you to look at me.”
) echo across the quiet dark of the room, making John smile to himself.
In the same moment Sherlock begins to pivot on one knee, shifting his weight just barely to the left as he prepares to dive for the gun on the floor. Maria trains the gun back on him instantaneously without even sparing him a glance.
I meant that.” He pauses, considers, decides to go all in. “And if we’re being totally honest here, I also find the idea...intriguing.”
“You do flatter yourself, John,” Sherlock murmurs.
Sherlock bends to kiss him on the mouth, and John faintly tastes himself on his lips, dark and musky and earthy. His smouldering desire flares back to life, bright and hot, low in his belly, and he sighs a little into Sherlock’s mouth.
“What’s that?” says Johnson, wary.
Just another strange little reminder of how fractured and confused their lives have become, and as small a thing as it is, it makes John feel just that much more unsettled and unmoored.
“Better?” he asks, and John doesn’t miss the hint of bravado, a false front that doesn’t do a thing to disguise his visible nervousness.
“Or you might end up with tentacles instead,” John points out. “Let’s not take that risk.”
“Is everything all right?” he asks. “Tam, did these two upset you?”
“Well,” John begins after a moment of thought, “I know enough people are like this that there are a whole lot of websites dedicated to it, not to mention a whole subcategory of porn flicks and at least one truly terrible mainstream movie. Also, you can buy just about any toy or accessories you could possibly imagine, so -- I mean, we’re not fashioning restraints out of bread ties and twine. Which is good, because that sounds pretty uncomfortable, and not in the fun way. So, to sum up, we may be weird, but a lot of other folks are just as strange as us behind closed doors.” He tilts his head, looks quizzically at Sherlock. “Do you
“You’re hoping for praise,” John says, “but you’re not going to get it, not for playing at obedience to try and get out of trouble.” He leans forward, taps the side of Sherlock’s head.
The lift comes to a shuddering halt and the door opens. John steps out into the hallway, his uneven footsteps echoing on tile. He walks down the hallway, Sherlock following, and stops in front of a door marked 221B, incongruously retro tarnished brass on the slab of grey molded resin. John digs in the breast pocket of his overcoat for his keycard. He fishes it out but his hands are shaking uncontrollably and the card clatters to the ground. He leans heavily on his cane as he scoops it up, turns, slots it into the lock and opens the door.
“Call Gregson, then,” he orders the cringing PC.
“Of course.” John wipes greasy fingers on a paper serviette, accepts the pile of documents. “What am I looking for? I know next to nothing about American criminal law.”
“Now, as I was saying --” Sherlock pulls the book from the shelf. “I admit I’ve not spent much time studying Scripture, but I did think it would be quite a bit heavier.”
“They had me drugged, I couldn’t... but there was one. Liverpool. Male. Early thirties. Slender build, dark hair, green eyes. They called him Elliot. His breath. Type I diabetes.” Sherlock’s eyes are already closing again. “He’s in ketoacidosis. Medical crisis.Tell Lestrade. Crosscheck the name…”
John is supposed to understand what he needs, always. And he doesn’t understand this.
“No,” he says.
“No,” Sherlock says quickly, almost urgently. “I’m just. Okay, I’m anxious, but not because i don't want you here. I just... I should explain myself, I suppose. I don’t mean to give you the wrong idea.”
Sherlock unbuckles his seat belt. “As ever, plain sight is often the best disguise.” He exits the car, comes around to John’s side and opens the passenger door for him. “Take it slow, please? You’ve been sitting for a while, let me --”
Sherlock pulls on the handle again. This time it opens easily.
“A question,” Sherlock murmurs.
John strips the duvet off the bed with one hand, tosses it on the floor.
She looks at John as he gets in the car. He could swear he sees something expectant in her eyes, a question she needs answered.
Jim smiles at her, a terrifying rictus even colder than the air around them. “Now, where would we find this Molly Hooper?”
"Not you," Lestrade says to Wiggins, almost apologetically. "I'm already breaking ten different critical regulations just letting this one come with me. "
“Meaning, you met in prison,” Sherlock clarifies.
“Tell me, then,” Sherlock breathes in his ear. “Tell me what you want.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, not even to offer the I-told-you-so that as a rule he finds irresistible.
“I think,” John says, “though I would absolutely love to kiss you, on balance, I’d really rather if you kissed me.”
As Sherlock is speaking a pretty, light-skinned black woman in her early thirties approaches the bus shelter. She is dressed in a plain grey longsleeved shirt and trousers under a long black coat. Her head and neck is covered by a simple black headscarf, wrapped and pinned at her throat.
John pulls back a fraction and exhales.
“I’m not asking,” John growls with a stern finality.
“No, it’s fine,” John continues. “Take this car park. Very educational. Very...informative.”
“John. Stop. Think about it for a moment.“ Sherlock tries to marshal his reason, his persuasiveness. “Mycroft cannot ever, ever give in to demands of that nature. If he did, even once, no one he has any connection to would ever be safe. Me, you, my parents-- we would live under constant threat from every two-bit London lowlife with delusions of grandeur.” He rubs soothing circles on John’s thigh, clockwise, the way he likes. “Think about it. You know it’s true.”
“On the other hand, the machine two rows behind us and three to the right is just about to --”
John can sense, somehow, Sherlock’s coiled, anticipatory body language. He doesn’t even fully understand his own intuition, but he can tell as they cautiously move down the dark back alley that Sherlock thinks this may be the jackpot, the place where Maria is hiding, that their final confrontation may finally be at hand.
However promising these new insights may be, though, it’s going to take some more time for this new understanding to come to fruition, and John needs to take several more deep breaths to get his percolating anxiety fully under control, inhale through the nose, exhale through the mouth, just as Ella taught him. When he feels fully back in control, calmer and more centered, he picks up his phone and texts Sherlock.
He sounds subdued, tired, but not overtly intoxicated, and just for that John breathes out in relief, the tightness in his shoulders easing just slightly.
He thinks, briefly, of the early days of their romantic relationship, that amazing terrifying uncertain time when their love was undeniable but their hearts battered, their frayed emotional connection just starting to heal. He remembers how every moment of intimacy was heavy with meaning, fraught with raw desire but also terror and vulnerability and uncertainty. Both of them had treated each shared sexual act like a precious, fragile treasure, something that could be smashed to bits at any moment. Every touch and sensation and murmured word had to be catalogued, stored and protected at all costs, hoarded in fear of the day when it would all crumble into dust and stored memories would be all there were left to soothe the emptiness they both believed was their inevitable due.
“I know you’re intoxicated, John, so you really needn’t bother trying to conceal it.”
Sherlock’s voice is hoarse, ragged from the pressure against his windpipe. “You
John snorts a bit in amusement before his eyes flick up to Sherlock’s with a perceptive, assessing look. For an anxious moment Sherlock thinks John will tease him about sentiment, about wanting to share their wedding day with others; but instead he gives Sherlock the smallest of fond smiles and sits on the edge of the bed to tie his shoes. “It would mean a lot to her, wouldn’t it?” he asks artlessly.
“Ninety percent of me feels great,” John says. “The middle ten percent has some objections, but they’ve been overruled.”
” Sherlock pants in between gasping moans. “Yes, please. Yes.”
“How are you feeling?” John asks. “You didn’t sleep at all. Are you tired?’
Both men are silent for a time. John can tell Sherlock is giving him space, letting him form his thoughts out loud.
“You ready for me?” Sherlock asks.
bed, the double bed he again shares, however unwillingly, with the woman he calls his wife. John sleeps with his back to her, clinging to the edge of the mattress, unwilling to touch her even in passing, even in sleep.
“Two more days, and you can do whatever the hell you want,” he hears as he’s pulled back down into the void. “Fuck him, skin him, make him into lampshades for all I care. But until then, leave him the fuck alone.”
John can’t help the small warm glow of happiness that leaps in his heart, his secretly romantic and sentimental heart, at the thought of he and Sherlock having a chance at a real relationship. But at the same time, following in the wake of that happiness, he can’t help but feel a cold, grey trickle of guilt pooling deep in his belly. How dare he feel happy now, in the midst of all this fear and sorrow? How dare he feel happy, with Mycroft dead and his infant daughter’s fate unknown? Is it selfish, is it thoughtless, is it wrong?
since they’ve had a case this promising--and knowing Sherlock can see it anyway, and shares the feeling.
John supports himself on one elbow, brings the other hand to tangle in Sherlock’s hair.
“Oh my god,” John groans. “Your mouth, your gorgeous slut mouth was made to be fucked hard, wasn’t it. God, fuck, look at you, the way you love this.” He yanks hard at his hair, pulls his head back, slowly, his cock slipping out of his open wet mouth inch by inch. “I could do this to you all day long, watch the way your lips stretch around my prick, the drool dripping off your chin as I fuck your mouth.” He pulls his head back down, shuddering and grunting as he shoves his cock roughly down his throat, making him gag hard, cutting off his airway momentarily as his face and nose are mashed down into the warm, musky curls at the base of his prick, then pulling his back up just to do it again, over and over, until time ceases to matter, until all of Sherlock’s awareness narrows down to the weight and taste of John’s cock in his mouth, the ache in his jaws and the tingling pain in his nipples as the heavy chain connecting them sways with each thrust.
“Only until this bloody quarantine is over, I’m sure. Can you imagine me as a beekeeper? That is not exactly a flattering outfit.”
What stops him in his tracks are Sherlock’s eyes.
They travel about a quarter of a mile, passing only three houses the entire way.
On the heels of this thought comes another: maybe that’s the reason why, in the midst of all of this absolute barking madness, the two of them decided this would be an fantastic fucking time to jump headlong into a romantic relationship. Maybe the crack in their very selves, in their psyches, created the opening necessary for them to finally take that chance.
Sherlock nods. “Five minutes,” he agrees, before turning and scurrying off to get clean and hydrated as quickly as possible.
“S’alright,” Sherlock mutters, exhausted, eyes closing, slumber already claiming him. John feels his own body clamoring for the sweet pull of sleep, but fights it off for few minutes more, long enough to stumble into the loo and wipe himself down with a wet flannel, then bring one back to bed for Sherlock.
Caldwell’s face goes dark with anger as he takes a half-step towards Sherlock.
“Perhaps I need to start with something simpler, then. Let’s begin with this
“What do you want?” D'Annibale growls, spitting each word out like a rusty nail.
,” he spits. “Listen to me, Kate. Nothing is over until I say it’s over, understand? Now these two tea-sipping motherfuckers are going to get the
That’s not true, Sherlock,” John says, low and calm but with an unmistakable undercurrent of anger. “It’s not.”
“You could unfold that thing,” John points out
“Of course he didn’t. He’s possibly not a villain, not in the classic mustache-twirling sense, but he is very interested in protecting his arse. He told Tamara he pressed the panic button, then used the time gap to make sure his falsified logs were in order before calling the police, relying on the general unreliability of their response to cover his actions.”
He finds none. Which means--
He wants something different for the precious child he holds in his arms.
“Jesus, Sherlock, do you not realise--” John realises he’s getting loud, and makes a visible effort to modulate his tone. “Do you not realise that we are in a extremely posh restaurant waiting for your family to arrive for an extremely posh birthday dinner? How could you possibly think this is a good time to discuss--”
Louellen doesn’t even bother denying the allegation. “The drugs aren’t the point,” she says, coolly unruffled.
“You’re sure?”
Without preamble Sherlock takes John’s hand and places it on his rock-hard erection.
Taffey gives him a false, bilious smile. “Hey, Louise,” he calls to the bartender. The man is dry. One on the house.” He turns away. “See ya, pal,” he mutters over his shoulder before disappearing into the crowd.
“We’ve never been that intense before. I pushed you pretty hard, and you just needed to get your equilibrium back. It’s absolutely fine.” John kisses him once more. “Can I take your collar off now? I think we need some regular us time.”
“Turn your head to the right,” he murmurs. Sherlock complies, and John places two fingers gently against the sharp edge of his jaw, tipping his chin up for a better look at the thin red furrow etched into the soft white skin of his throat.
John follows him onto the bus, drops into the seat next to him. A few more straggling passengers climb on before the doors close and the vehicle lurches awkwardly into traffic.
“One could
John turns. “What do you want?” he snaps.
Louellen regards him with a chilly smile. “No it won’t,” she says, calm and even, refusing to be baited.
Sherlock presses his lips to John’s hot, damp forehead, tasting the delicious musky salty tang of his sweat.
Sherlock exhales, his eyes fixed on the ceiling, resolutely not looking at John. “I need to clarify something." He sighs, clearly anxious and uncomfortable. "I do find myself... interested. In you. Physically. Just to be clear on that point.”
“Would have to be, with all this booze to go with.” John holds up his glass in a mock-toast before draining the last of the ruby liquid. “One to three hours? Aside from getting pissed on Tesco pinot noir, how do you propose we pass the time?”
John’s face relaxes and he laughs, heedless of the racket he’s making until Sherlock remembers and shushes him. The sound of it seems to drive away the chill of the fetid air, makes Sherlock feel warm all over.
“No, but relatively soon.”
The two of them fall silent, watching the raindrops drip and slide down the window, savoring this rare moment of sated contentment.
He crosses the kitchen without a word of greeting and drops the folder on the table.
Sherlock turns his head to look at John. “But I don’t want to stop,” he says, a familiar edge of stubbornness creeping into his voice. “And I’m not saying that because I think I should, or because I want to please you. I want to be with you, physically. Desperately so. In the past year I’ve thought of little else, much to my consternation. I want this. But I’m just so…” he shakes his head, lips pursed in frustration. “So
“Well,” he says sarcastically to an empty room. “That clarified exactly nothing.”
“We’re not waiting,” Sherlock says, exhaling a twin plume of smoke from his nostrils that puts John in mind of a dragon in repose. “We’re watching.”
There's a truth here about Sherlock, something no one save John has ever understood: in the old times, this moment right
The are standing at the edge of the bed, facing each other; the laughing silliness of a few minutes ago has faded, replaced by a quiet, almost reverent seriousness. Sherlock’s earlier show of sanguine self confidence has crumbled; his eyes are wide and dark, the flicker of anxious nerves plain to see.
With shaking fingers Sherlock opens the plastic bottle and pours a cold dollop into his hand. He hisses with pleasure as he wraps slick cool fingers around himself and pulls, closing his eyes against the onslaught of sensation. Showers of electric sparks cascade through his body, making him shiver.
Sherlock swallows down a burst of nerves, nods, and grabs John’s hand, pulling him through the kitchen and into his bedroom.
“He knows the people who have information on Mary.” Sherlock refolds the note, stows it away in his jacket pocket along with the battered Parliament packet.
He raises the bottle, takes a gulp of vodka, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand.
“You’re angry,” says Sherlock once they are behind the closed door of 221B. “Why are you angry?”
Lestrade looks at him, sympathetic but firm. “John, Sherlock went looking for this bloke. Everything we have says he went with them voluntarily. Not a kidnapping, and beyond that it’s all very circumstantial. We need a warrant.”
John’s hands curls around Sherlock’s sharp hipbones, thumbs digging into the hollows above his pelvis, gripping him hard enough to bruise. He manhandles Sherlock’s body with breathtaking ease, practically lifting him up and pulling him down to meet each thrust as Sherlock rolls his hips and flexes his thighs.
Sherlock doesn’t bother to conceal his feelings, sinking down onto the blue recliner, bowstring-tight shoulders unwinding as he exhales with relief.
“So,” John says, tilting his head in bemused query. “That means good?”
Though Martinez’s tone is one of approval, from the way Sherlock’s expression shifts instantly from a studied, cool blandness to murderous fury informs John something truly insulting was just uttered.
Sherlock looks up, out over the horizon and shakes his head, once. They sit in silence for a considerable time, watching the fat yellow moon rise over the water as evening deepens into night.
John sighs and brings his hand up to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder. He can feel John considering the different paths to take, as his fingers trace patterns in the silk covering Sherlock’s shoulder.
John hauls himself to his feet and gives chase, lungs burning as he staggers down the hall. His head clears, confusion and panic giving way to the old deadly calm, his paradoxical reaction to the surging adrenaline of the chase. He pursues his quarry, out the door and down the crowded street, his eyes fixed on Irene as she tries to lose him in the crowd, her bare feet scurrying as fast as the flow of bodies will allow but not daring to run. No one even looks at her twice--clear vinyl raincoat over skimpy underwear not even attracting notice in this part of the city. John briefly loses sight of her as the throngs of people press all around him--drunks, pickpockets, religious nuts, all the human detritus that doesn’t know or care that nothing good happens on the street at two in the morning.
. You need sleep.”
He squeezes Sherlock’s fingers, once.
“Come have a cigarette with me, Mycroft.”
He wakes sometime in the middle of the night, curled under the sheets. John is in his old terrycloth dressing gown, reading the latest issue of BMJ, his freshly-washed hair sticking up in damp spikes.
“Bloke brought me here once,” John says conversationally.
Something about unstudied gesture slices into John’s heart, bright and burning like the vicious edge of a scalpel, and he has to blink back the tears springing to his own eyes.
“I was certain you were in good hands.”
His third thought is, he and John spent the night sleeping on an exceptionally unforgiving wooden floor, and his back is killing him.
A rangy, distinctly grimy-looking young man suddenly looms in the doorway. “Morning, gentlemen.”
“There’s coffee,” John says by way of neutral greeting, “but we’ve no milk in, sorry.”
“Good job,” John tells her, steady and encouraging.
Sherlock shifts his position on the couch; John glances over and sees the apprehensive discomfort on his face.
“I understand,” John says, his voice softer and tinged with self-reproach. “I hope...I hope I can change your mind, I really do, but I understand.”
“Finished?” Sherlock calls, and John startles a bit. He’s definitely starting to space out. Time to get off his feet.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It wouldn’t have mattered, I don’t suppose,” John says musingly, doing something fiddly with his iPhone. “It’s everywhere, I think. Not just London, not just England. Everywhere. And we’d have run the risk of being separated. No, it’s better that we stayed. Drink your tea, now.”
John recoils like he’s been punched in the solar plexus. “Sherlock.
John pulls out a sheet of paper, passes it over to Sherlock. “This name comes up over and over. Invoices, phone messages. Lou Andrews. Do you think it could be the same person?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh did I,” John says with a smile, affection dancing in his eyes.
“I like to hear you,” he murmurs. “I like to hear what I do to you. No one home but us, love. I want to hear you.” His head moves lower as his mouth replaces his hands, mouthing and licking at his balls as Sherlock whimpers and cries out incoherently, head rolling from side to side as his fingers slide through soft silvery hair.
So put all that together and it adds up to... to John having absolutely no  idea what shape this thing between them would take.
An Armenian pawnbroker in his early thirties opens a square shopping bag and slides two used Glock 17s across a battered Formica countertop. Sherlock nods and pulls an envelope out of his inside jacket pocket, opens it so the man can see the stack of hundreds contained within. Then he pauses, as if a thought just suddenly occurred to him. He turns to glance out the dusty window at the front of the shop.
However he accomplishes it, the good mood it puts John into cannot be denied.
, tells me you aren’t a serious man, and let me explain something to you: when it comes to arseholes who point a gun at my boyfriend’s head, I am a
John lets out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. It was likely just some routine communication regarding his new job, which he was due to start in a week.
“No sir,” the Chief replies. “Cos no one’s ever going to find out they’re down here. Cos you’re going to spot them, and you’re going to air them out.”
or simply
You would say,
Sherlock breaks the kiss, mouthing the edge of his jaw, smearing messy kisses against his neck, breath hot against his skin.“Yes,” he gasps. “Do it. Please, I want to feel you against me.”
“It’s not my Plan A,” Sherlock says defensively. “It isn’t. It’s a far second. An emergency backup, at most.”
-- Did you see him leave?
John takes off the items. “Are we buying these?”
“Come with me,” he says softly. “Please?”
The chief picks up a manila file folder, hands it across the desk. John regards it with undisguised suspicion.
John chuckles a little. “If you’d like, I certainly wouldn’t mind. But you don’t have t-”
, idiots know how to breathe, even newborns can breathe without a perky ponytailed 28-year old having to teach them.
“Do you want to kiss me?” he asks John.
this time?”
“Ginger ale makes everything better,” Sophie agrees. “And if worse comes to worst, it certainly doesn’t do any harm.”
“Sherlock, you can’t blame Lestrade for something he never even--’
“It’s the Kravitzes’ car,” John says.
“Doctor Sheldon just said, and I quote, “If that man wants to leave so goddamn badly, then get him the hell out the door.” She gives a small shake of her head as she hands over the papers. “I mean no disrespect, Doctor Watson, but you’re being reckless and I do not approve of you doing this. Initials on the highlighted lines, please.”
John gives a low, raspy laugh, rich and dark with promise. “You will be much sorrier before we’re done, my love.” He rises, making the crotch of his jeans level with Sherlock’s face. “Go on, then. You know what to do. Hands behind your back, and be quick.”
“And I don’t expect it stops there,” Sherlock says. “I sincerely doubt Mister Johnson has restrained himself to only one source of illegal and immoral cash flow.”
“Yes,” agrees Sherlock, and plucks the torch out of John’s nerveless palm before taking him by the hand. John clings to the comforting sensation, to Sherlock’s strong fingers weaving in between his own as he guides John down the steps and out of that awful, rotting, dying house.
Heart pounding against his ribs, John waits.
There is silence between them for a moment.
John drops the collar on the side table. “Okay, first? Calling me stupid is never going to help you get what you want. And second, I do understand the difference, but to pretend there’s no questionable grey area here, so soon after you were abducted and hurt for real?” John picks up Sherlock’s arm, pushes back the sleeve to reveal the still-healing abrasions on his wrists. “I just don’t think it’s a very good idea for us to be like that right now.”
“I only talked to him because you won’t talk to me. Not just about--you won’t talk to me
Sherlock’s large hands come up to cup each side of John’s face as he tilts his head, deepening the kiss, licking at John’s lips. John sighs, a tiny breathy sound, as he opens his mouth in welcome, their tongues meeting and sliding against each other. They kiss and kiss, deep and wet and full of need, and Sherlock can’t help the embarrassing bubble of joy that rises up inside him. He pulls back and looks at John, feeling the ridiculous grin stretching across his face. John’s fingers stroke the nape of Sherlock’s neck, fingers twining in the overgrown curls there, and he answers with a grin of his own.
“Home again, home again. Good evening, Molly,” the toys say in unison.
The woman’s face shifts into a picture of caring concern. “Oh dear. The Versed sometimes does that. Do you think you can you sit up?”
John smiles at him, almost shy. “Hi.”
“Understand, John, that everything that happened to me there was very intentional, from the beginning. Everything that happened to me was planned. Rajakovic was not some opportunist lacking in self-control.. He was a...a...” Sherlock’s face twists into something harsh, a sneer made grotesque by the low-lit shadows. “A
That settles it, then. He composes a short, politely-worded email, lets them know he won’t be working for them any longer. When he hits
“I did indeed,” Sherlock murmurs, though John can hear the cheeky grin in his voice, he needs to make sure. He lifts his head, pulls back to look searchingly into Sherlock’s face.
Later, Sherlock will grudgingly concede that he missed a large part of what John was trying to convey in this moment. But right now, Sherlock is hurt and confused. He had been expecting praise and admiration from John, and instead--
Sherlock complies, lifting his arse off the bed as John eases the fabric carefully down his hips, manoeuvering carefully as he eases the elastic over his very prominent erection, watching in undisguised fascination as Sherlock’s very hard penis (smaller than John’s, slightly, but perfectly formed, the shaft veiny and dusky pink and the foreskin already retracted to reveal the purpling, wet head) springs free from the confinement of snug briefs.
“We do,” Sherlock says, sounding more sure of himself. “Yes. Of course we do.” He nods once, decisively, and lets go of John’s hand as he stands.
“It’s time sir. Are you ready?”
“Ugh, shove over,” John grumbles without rancor. “Honestly, your anatomy is somehow ninety percent elbow.”
Sherlock crinkles his nose in honest confusion.  His mind is frozen with shock, all the gears permanently fused. “John,” he says hoarsely.  “I know. I know all of this.”
here, in adoration of this beautiful man -- but Sherlock seems restless, almost in distress, his shivers turning to full body shudders, his breathing gone harsh and ragged.
“I’m standing at the front door.”
He hopes John understands.
John quirks an eyebrow, but Atherton doesn’t pause or flinch; clearly he had been warned beforehand about the consulting detective’s singular personality.
He’s met with silence.
Sherlock slides an arm around his belly, presses a kiss to the side of his neck. “Well, you’re in it, so it can’t be entirely awful.”
“I know,” Sherlock says. “I was there.”
“I’d love to kill that piece of shit,” John says with tired resignation. “In fact, I’d shoot every one of those bastards between the eyes with pleasure, if it wouldn’t land me in Pentonville and take me away from you.”
Johnson is exactly as Patricia described him over the phone: that is to say, very much dead, with a gory crater where his left eye used to be. and most of his blood and a good bit of his brains soaked into the carpet under him, the pool now going clotted at the edges.
For a moment John's vision darkens at the edges and he fleetingly wonders if he's going to pass out. He takes a deep breath, the moment passes, and the entire awful train of thought is brought up short when Glenn returns a few minutes later, to help John through the herculean effort of pissing on his own for the first time since the shooting.
“Yes?”
“Do you want--” John breathes the words in between frantic kisses, and Sherlock’s nodding before he can even finish the sentence. “Do you want to touch it?”
“Precisely. We’re sentient physical beings, just like you. Just like your friend Sherlock.”
“Aren’t I a lucky sod,” John replies mildly, a matching grin appearing on his face.
“How did you -- ”
“What I get out of that,” John says. “Is that you are, biologically speaking, human in origin. Not mechanical.”
“You know I’ve done this before,” Macgregor sneers, eyes wild as he digs the point of the blade incrementally deeper into the thin pale skin of Sherlock’s throat, just above the blue fabric of his knotted scarf. “One little slice, and and he’ll be bleeding out at your feet before you even pull the trigger.”
“Come on, sweetheart,” John calls. “Before the water gets cold.”
“You’re so ordinary on the outside,” Sherlock says quietly, his fond tone a counterpoint to his not-exactly-complimentary words.
“Here.” John hands Sherlock his phone. “You can set up that profile.”
“Green,” Sherlock murmurs.
“That woman. Katie Kravitz.” Just saying her name sends a zinging ripple of anger through John’s body. He seizes it, uses that feeling as a lifeline, climbing up out of the blank sadness, focusing his thoughts. “Don’t misunderstand me, Sherlock.
“I really thought he was dead,” Mary replies. “I thought I was free of him. I can’t owe him, you see. I need to make sure he’ll leave us alone. So I cut a deal with him. A trade. One life for another.” She takes a deep breath and rests her hand on her belly, a look of vague nausea on her face. “I’m sorry, John, but I really had no choice."
Sherlock’s head is thrown back as he gasps for breath, damp curls plastered against his forehead, the mottled blotchy flush of arousal visible on his heaving chest.
“God, I’m
Back out in the kitchen, he drops a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Lou Andrews paid the bills, didn’t he?” Sherlock continues, ignoring the guard as if he doesn’t exist. “Why did he spend all that money? Why was she so important? He’s the one I want to talk to. I just need to know where to find him.”
The past two days have left him reasonably certain Sherlock does desire a certain level of physical intimacy, touching and hand-holding and hair-stroking, but John also knows that for some people wanting physical closeness does not mean wanting sex, and he wonders if that is true for Sherlock, because not once in five years has the man shown any overt interest in sex at all.
“It’s
“It’s fine,” John tells him, “Lovely, in fact, because it really hurts. Thank you." He goes over to the microwave, opens the bottle and shakes out two tablets.
John’s hips snap hard, then stutter as he moans against Sherlock’s back, his cock twitching and pulsing as he comes.. “Oh fuck, oh God, that’s just -- ohhh.” Another wave of orgasm hits him as he thrusts deep one last time, making a low, pained noise as he shivers, then stills.
“The files on me,” Sherlock says quietly. “The incept dates, specs, longevity. You looked at them.”
“But even that can’t protect you, not from a truly enterprising rapist. I suppose Rajakovic was the type who didn’t find it much fun to sodomise an empty husk of a human being. A more energetic sort, you know. Enjoyed a challenge.” Sherlock’s lovely lips twist into a hideous caricature of a smile. “I’m sure a spot of bloody, disfiguring torture would have fit the bill, and he certainly hit me and kicked me and threatened me with death on a daily basis, but he never really went all in, never caused any lasting damage, and I figured out early on that he was under instructions from somewhere to keep me alive and more or less in one undamaged piece. The beatings needed to be kept relatively, well, light, nothing that really slaked his thirst for absolute power and domination over another human being.”
“Occasionally,” Sherlock replies. “Not that often, in the past, but sometimes…” He’s the one embarrassed now, his cheeks colouring a lovely shade of bright pink. “At times... when you and I are, well, spending a lot of time together in close quarters, it may be... more than occasional.”
The helicopters are almost unbearably loud now, a near-subsonic pulsing and throbbing in John’s bones as he fires one last time, seeking a clean kill shot.
John nods. “Of course.” Revealing it was the difficult part; if there is anyone he trusts with this part of himself, it is Sherlock.
Sherlock’s neck is arched, eyes closed, his head lolling from side to side. “It’s… oh, fuck, it’s so good,” he gasps in between ragged breaths. “Please don’t stop, oh God,
The DI disappears down the hallway without saying goodbye, leaving the two men to the attention of the paramedics.
Sherlock tucks his face into the humid curve where John’s neck meets his shoulder, tasting the skin there. John’s skin is warm and damp, slightly salty from sleep. Delicious, he thinks, mouthing and nibbling at the tender flesh. John is always delectable, he always tastes and smells and feels so wonderful--
“Is this part of the test?”
John patiently works him with his tongue, first tracing wet swirls around the tight furled knot of his entrance, then licking catlike stripes along the entire exposed cleft. He takes his twitching, iron-hard cock in his left hand and strokes slowly, carefully, not quite enough stimulation to bring him to climax but enough pleasure to help him relax and open up to John’s careful ministrations.
The water stretches to the horizon in an unbroken line. The breakers are rough, foamy knee-high waves crashing into the sand and receding, over and over again in an endless loop. A gibbous moon hangs low and yellow over the eastern horizon. To their right, several miles away, the illuminated hotel towers of Atlantic City are silhouetted against the fading orange and mauve of the evening sky, boxy slabs projecting huge, moving images across their facades like eerie hundred-metre tall silent movies.
“You hang around with that tall skinny dude. He your boyfriend?” Alligator asks in a braying, mocking voice, openly derisive now, his accent nasal and unpleasant.
Sherlock nods, rises, permits John to take him gently by the waist, pulling their joined hands in to rest between their bodies as they move together. Their steps are nothing fancy or studied, just a simple slow dance to the sweet, crooning music coming from the speakers.
a pleasure to meet you,” Sherlock says under his breath in a singsong tone as she disappears at the top of the steps.
Sherlock gives a tiny huff of annoyance, but does as asked. His knee bounces up and down, just slightly, which always drives John around the bend but he decides to give Sherlock a break and not mention it this time.
Sherlock’s heart beat is steady and strong under his ear, and John lets out a breath he hadn’t even known he was holding.
“Head up and eyes on the mirror," John says softly, the dark commanding edge still unmistakable. “If you close them we start over. Do you understand?”
“And your blog,” Atherton answers. “I am a bit acquainted with your detective, as well. Not personally, but more than a few gentlemen who pass through our doors have had dealings with Mr Holmes.” He leans forward, tilts his head conspiratorily. “Your friend has kept a considerable number of homeless individuals from starving or freezing to death, you know. Helped more than a few find placement in drug treatment programs as well.”
So many thanks are due to (of course) allonsys_girl for always having great feedback, and also the marvelous thigmotaxis, who was intrepid enough to climb Porn Mountain and make it back down the other side with fantastic spelling, grammar, and phrasing critiques. Both of them made this chapter much better than it would have been otherwise.
,” Sherlock growls sharply at Martinez, and John can’t help a bit of a double take at the new bit of information that Sherlock speaks Spanish.
John feels certain he won’t be able to fall back to sleep, not now, maybe not ever again. He's still so tired, though, and within minutes, he finds he’s drifting off despite himself. His worn body gives in as he slips into a restless slumber, terrifying memories melding seamlessly into troubled dreams.
“It’s a bot script that trawls the internet for relevant content to repost. I…” Sherlock looks a bit caught out. “I’ve had this account on the back burner for months, just in case.”
And with that small, spontaneous gesture of caring, the clouds part and John Watson finally, finally, oh thank God, he finally
He takes a quick detour to the kitchen, fetching a tumbler from the pile in the sink and rinsing it out, then filling it and drinking the entire glass of water in one go before refilling. He carries the water glass into the lounge.
“I don’t know who this Nigel Slater is, but he’s clearly an idiot,” he sniffs, but John doesn’t miss the tiny spark of amused, teasing warmth in those pale eyes. “Milk and tomato on pasta at the same time violates several critical laws of nature and must be fought against at every turn by those of us possessing superior palates and good judgment.”
“That’s fine.” He unlocks his mobile, opens his contacts, hands it over.
ago, before three more people had to die because of his thick-headed stupidity. “What’s the point of leaving notes if they don’t mean anything? Even if the words themselves are meaningless, the very act of leaving notes means the killer is communicating --”
Mrs. Hudson, trying to fatten Sherlock back up,  invites them down to her flat for an American Thanksgiving dinner.
“Poor pet,” John says with dark-tinged affection. “It's been a long day. Were the nice pants I bought you uncomfortable? Rubbing and chafing against you?” He dips his head, kisses the sharp edge of Sherlock's jaw. “Were you hard all day long?” he murmurs into his ear.
it here.
The woman shakes her head just slightly. “That’s not her name, though. Kochencko. Maria Kochencko.”
“I believe they’re exploiting a weak spot in state law surrounding out-of-hospital births. In Pennsylvania, you can obtain an official birth certificate merely by having a medical professional -- doctor, nurse practitioner, nurse, or lay midwife-- sign an affidavit that a home birth occurred. Neat end run around home studies and background checks for people who want a child and have money, but lack patience or would have trouble passing home scrutiny. Or both. You put together an unethical nurse and an amoral lawyer and you’re off to the races. It’s not even particularly ingenious, it’s just ignoring basic morality to make some easy money.”
“Hm?”
John can’t argue with the truth of that statement, so he settles for cupping his fingers around Sherlock’s bony knee and giving a single, reassuring squeeze. He leaves his hand there, and Sherlock neither protests nor pulls away.
“Of course,” Sherlock says neutrally.
Sherlock says nothing, still gazing out the window.
“Sherlock,” he says, and some note in his voice, some edge of dawning understanding, catches Sherlock’s attention instantly.
to one another.”
“David Caldwell.”
John glares at him for a single long moment, and then Sherlock’s mouth quirks up in a grin, and they’re laughing again, laughing so hard they’re almost crying, holding each other and cracking up like two naughty schoolkids caught in a very, very compromising position.
“I am,” Sherlock says quickly, as if forestalling John from doubting him.
Soon after the herd of deer, the fields transition into middle class housing developments, recently-built beige starter homes springing from the fertile earth like mushrooms after rain. A green mileage sign reads ALLENTOWN 12, and John has a sudden recollection of a song from decades ago, one of those ubiquitous American pop stars in the early Eighties absolutely plastered all over the radio, never his cup of tea really, but this song had a raw edge that snagged his attention as a young kid in a rough town, a kid who even then knew all about lives measured out by weeks on the dole.
Until on the fourth day he finds himself on the in front of 221B, feeling paralysed and indecisive and very very foolish indeed.
“Jealous?” Sherlock asks with a tiny smirk and a raised eyebrow.
Sherlock is looking down at him a bit quizzically, his eyes gone blue-green tonight and blinking owlishly, and John suddenly feels very self-conscious and more than a little foolish.
John flicks the tip of his tongue against his lip. “Jesus Christ, Sherlock. Come
It’s sweet and slow and careful; a bit frustrating to be sure, but lovely in its own way and John enjoys every moment of it.
“Yes,” Sherlock breathes out, a universe of emotion and need contained in one ragged syllable.
John looks up at him, brow creased. “I don’t get it, Holmes.”
John does so, taking his time, luxuriating in the taste of him, the scent of his body, the feel of him quivering and sighing under the ministrations of his lips and tongue.
“Eat me out,” Sherlock moaned, pushed beyond any semblance of shame or pride. “Eat my arse, fuck me with your tongue, just, Jesus, please,
“Not as much as I -- ” Sherlock falls silent for a moment, then takes a deep breath, blows it out, steeling himself. “The picture I took of you. The one I gave to Martinez. The metadata on it is tagged and embedded with micro-footprint tracking spyware. If he gives it to Maria, both of them would be, theoretically, trackable by a larger organization that had the hardware and resources to devote to the task.”
“Now show me,” John breathes. “Show me how you do it when you’re alone, how you like it when you touch yourself.”
“He’s not my mister,” Sherlock says evenly.
“Is this all right?” John whispers into his ear.
He has failed to observe. He should have seen this
--Primip: Primipara, a woman who is pregnant for the first time.
“Spoilsport,” Sherlock pouts.
“Bet that didn’t happen to you,” John says.
A growing portion of his scant mental energy is focused on the feeling that this harrowing journey is nearing its end. John knows his daughter is nearer to him than ever, both geographically and in terms of their (hopeful) reunion.
Grey fingers of morning light are struggling through the window blinds as he opens his eyes. A blanket covers him, his drink set carefully on the table next to the sofa.
“Yeah, well, I don’t hate him,” Greg says, his face growing more serious. “In fact, I know a bit about what he’s been through, maybe better than most.” He looks away, scratches the back of his neck. “Me and the missus... well, the ex missus. We lost a baby. Our first. Stillborn.” He looks at Sherlock hard, his eyes almost daring him to say something thoughtless or cutting.
you do for your own mental health, and I cannot stop you, but it doesn’t change the truth of what you’ve been through.”
“I want
, he tells himself firmly.
“Well, thank you,” John says, not knowing quite how to respond.
John is back at Baker Street; he’s been nicking Sherlock’s expensive shampoo and his clothes smell of the washing powder Mrs. Hudson uses.
John looks up at him, expression carefully neutral, as he nurse slips out of the room without another word.
Unfamiliar fingers strap an oxygen mask over his face, but he still can’t draw breath properly. John crouches down, next to him. Takes his hand, his palm so warm against Sherlock’s icy skin.
“We have an appointment,” Sherlock informs the bouncer. “With James Martinez.”
“Is it all right to ask you to kiss me again?”
“It’s fine,” Sherlock says, the pills already making him feel fuzzy and drowsy. “I’m sick of sleeping.”
“Then that is what you should have requested. I can’t be blamed for taking advantage of your imprecise language. And now it’s eight minutes.”
John looks up to find Sherlock studying his face, but his eyes are not meeting John’s; rather, he seems to be focused on John’s mouth with an intensity that John finds unnerving and arousing in equal measure.
“Mr Atherton?” John says in confused surprise, then remembers himself to step forward and shake the man’s outstretched hand. He then gestures to Sherlock. “Mr Atherton, this is Sherlock Holmes.”
“Yeah, I get it,” John snaps.
“Because I...was disrespectful,” he says, the words coming out restricted and breathy. “I was rude and insulting to you in public.” Sherlock’s head is starting to swim as he dives deeper, the dark waters closing in over his head. He closes his eyes.
“Did I freak you out?” John asks. “I’m sorry, baby, it was just sex talk, if it got out of hand--”
John has to bite his laughter back so hard his teeth hurt.
Alan’s eyes slide away from John's face.  “I’m sorry about Derrin,” he says, staring at the pavement. “I didn’t know he had a problem with you. I had no idea.”
Wonderful, loving, trusting John. He is the critical component, the catalyst, the noble element at the centre of this sexual alchemy, the only person in the universe who could ever possibly be worthy of Sherlock’s absolute trust and total surrender. The only person who could ever make him feel safe and loved enough to give himself over like this, to submit so completely, to expose himself so willingly, body and soul --
John knows that the placid calm of Sherlock’s face is a ruse to buy them time; by allowing her to continue, he’s buying them time and using every moment to analyse every angle, trying to find a solution, a way out of this desperate puzzle.
“I’ll call the papers. They’ll love it.”
“No! Well, yes. But--” John kisses Sherlock’s lips in gentle reassurance. “You’ve never done it before. Everyone’s terrible at first, when they don’t know what they’re doing, I swear. And I don’t mind. I promise. Not at all.”
Neither one speaks for a moment, the feeling of the moment suddenly too huge for words.
As far as John is concerned, though, a lull in the frenetic pace of their lives is welcome right at this moment.
“That wouldn’t be so bad,” Sherlock muses. “Think of all the extra tasks I could accomplish in the same amount of time.”
“Did you...wipe everything down?” John asks in disbelief. “With actual cleaner?’
The no-nonsense young nurse breaks in, cutting him off briskly. “Doctor Watson, I’m sorry to bother you, but there’s an detective here, and he has some questions for you.”
“Mr. Holmes,” he says, carefully neutral.
fandom is resilient as well. We’ve been through so much, on so many levels. I finally decided to pull myself together and finish this story just for me, to enable own guilty conscience to finally get some rest.
But he also knows John won't have it out with him here, in public. John is singularly protective of Sherlock's reputation and public image and he would never, ever chastise or even criticise him in front of others, especially not London’s finest.
“Come on.  Don’t be an arsehole, Watson. I’ve got four skin-jobs walking the streets.”
John sleeps for most of the trip, blearily rousing when the cab pulls up to the kerb in front of 221B. He allows Sherlock to take his hand and lead him through the front door, up the steps, into the flat. He scrubs at his eyes as Sherlock guides his jacket off his shoulders and hangs in on the wall hook.
“God,” Sherlock moans. “Please, yes. John.
And worse than that, Sherlock knows that calling John
(Did I have a Wawa coffee in my hand? I almost certainly did.)
“I’m going to what now?”
“Molly,” he snaps, “don’t be coy. It doesn’t suit you.”
“Too much interaction with strangers, would possibly make us distracted and vulnerable. Besides, strategically speaking, this is the most advantageous real estate on the entire floor.” Sherlock gestures with a tilt of his head. “Walls on two sides, limiting her means of egress, and a hallway with an emergency exit immediately to our right. After she identifies you -- or confirms your identity -- she will likely run, and this location will increase the probability of her exiting through the door at the end of that hallway to around eighty percent. Far easier to pursue her if we minimise the variables of her escape route.” Sherlock’s lips purse just slightly, giving his expression a faintly condescending air. “And in point of fact, John, you’re not here to enjoy yourself.”
John exhales, shakes his head. “Look. I’m--I’m not--”
Sherlock gives a small huff of a chuckle as he picks up the telly remote from the bedside table and powers on the flatscreen mounted to the wall over the tall bureau drawers.
“Then perhaps you could be so kind as to agree to mine?”
“Get yoghurt,” Sherlock tells him. “Not raspberry, though. The little seeds get stuck in my teeth.”
to see her. “
After awhlle, though, John’s arm begins to tire, and he pauses to inspect his handiwork. The entirety of Sherlock’s backside and thighs are glowing red, from the top of his arse to the tender skin at the back of his knees. Sherlock is sobbing, the noises distorted and made pathetic through the gag and the bubbles of uncontrollable drool. His hair is soaked with sweat, plastered to his head in dark ringlets. Despite John’s admonitions to stay still, his hips are pushing and flexing involuntarily, little abortive thrusts against empty air.
John’s brow crinkles in confusion. “What?”
He gently slides his thumb out of Sherlock’s mouth with a messy wet pop, leans over to kiss his sore, swollen lips.
Sherlock tilts his head, presses his lips in a thin line, but says nothing.
“Sorry. Right, absolutely not on a case.”
“Four reasons, then. I admit, I always like a dramatic confrontation,” Sherlock replies with a shrug and a quirk of his lips. "Runs in the family."
“Obviously. Not so much that the motion filed by her attorney wasn’t legally and technically correct. It is. The attorney of record, David Caldwell, spent a great deal of time and research to get Maria out of prison, and he did a thoroughly competent job. The question to my mind is, where did this attorney come from? Someone invested in getting her off the hook, clearly. But who, and why?” Sherlock pops the remainder of a cheese-covered potato into his mouth, follows it with a swig of beer. “This isn’t some overworked public defender. This a high quality, expensive barrister.” He hands half the stack over to John. “I’d appreciate another set of eyes on these.”
It’s too much, it’s too good, and within moments Sherlock feels his orgasm building huge and hot low in his belly, electricity sparking at the base of his spine. John is relentless in his attention, laving him with his tongue and giving just the slightest scrape of teeth, and when he slips a hand behind his balls and presses two fingers into his wet and tender hole Sherlock tips over the edge and comes with a pained animal cry, blinding pleasure burning him to ash as he spurts over and over into John’s eager mouth, his arsehole spasming and contracting around John’s insistent fingers as John moans and swallows him down eagerly.
John is pulled out of his reverie when Sherlock turns right off Route 42 into a large strip mall parking lot (and when that so very
“Well...yes. I mean, the idea of you contracting my estranged assassin wife to take out a hit on me. The whole thing is just...ridiculous, it’s beyond ridiculous and yet. Jesus Christ. It’s not even really out of the ordinary, as far as my life goes, is it?”
“I see you’ve been busy, then.” Sherlock gestures with his tumbler towards the sheet of torn notebook paper on John’s coffee table.
“On your back,” John tells him, and strokes his thigh reassuringly. “The other way is good too, but this first time I want us to see each other.”
“You have work tomorrow. I’m getting you a glass of water and then I’m putting you to bed.”
This is a disaster.
Sherlock stands as well. His eyes leave John’s face, but his body language remains open. “Graham,” he calls over his shoulder. "Are John and I done here?”
“I love taking you like this,” John breathes, his voice ragged and hoarse, “You feel so good on my cock, so sweet and easy, so quiet, so good for me. My perfect fucktoy, my perfect pet. God, I want to fuck you like this forever.”
The cabin door is open, the stairs already unfolded. A young, smartly-suited man descends at a brisk clip, comes striding up to them with a polished, professional smile.
“Watson! Hey, Doc!”  Derrin Stewart booms loudly at him across the table, over-enunciating in the way only the intoxicated do, jolting John abruptly from his warm cocoon of remembrance.
“Oh, I know, I know, but he’s just so...“her lips tighten in distaste. “He’s involved in shady stuff, I just know he is. Coming and going at all hours. I barely do any legal work, you know. He keeps everything to himself. All I do is answer phones and do billing, and most of those seem super padded.”
“I do feel different,” Sherlock tells him. “But I don’t think it’s because I’m forty.”
John would swear he can almost see Sherlock mentally debate whether to respond or to ignore him, and his heart lifts more than a little when Sherlock shifts slightly in his chair, turning his torso just incrementally towards John.
John is becoming aware of a growing concern in his mind. He is quiet for a moment as he fleshes out the thought.
John takes a deep breath. He had forgotten how, despite the anger and frustration and sadness he felt in the wake of Sherlock’s lapse into using, he found his Shezza persona dirty and disheveled and dangerous, but yet strangely and profoundly...attractive.
But it does. Oh, how it does.
“Shall I start calling you Four Continents Watson, then?”
He’s careful not to phrase it as a request.
eternal
“That would be a huge help,” the nurse offers. He’s warm and supportive, but he manages to tamp down his relentless cheeriness to a level slightly more appropriate for a discussion about an indwelling catheter removal, and John is grateful for it.
,” Sherlock corrects him, but his tone is a touch teasing, low and somehow intimate.
John is silent until they are back at the car. Sherlock fishes out the keys, unlocks the doors.
Something wrenches loose in his chest, some stone blockade in his heart crumbles at last, and John is unable to stop himself as he begins to cry. It’s not just slow tears this time but genuine, soul-deep ugly crying, great, heaving, hiccuping sobs full of pain and devastation and regret. It is terrifying and private and achingly intimate, and neither man will ever again mention the way John weeps right now, torrents of bitter tears that no handful of serviettes could hope to staunch.
Sherlock realizes there may be an easier way to get what he wants out of that locked room. He adjusts his posture, reframes his body language into... someone open, friendly.
the subsonic growl in his John’s throat, and the sound lights a hot, dangerous flutter low in his belly.
“Okay,” John replies amiably. Immediately?”
“You may proceed, peasant,” he intones theatrically.
“I know you’re up against the wall and all alone. You’re not the only one with sources inside MI6, darling, and I know for a fact they’ve washed their hands of you. Your brother is dead, and no one is sending the cavalry, not this time. You’ve played your hand and lost, so let’s not get tangled up in idle conversation.” Never taking her eyes off Sherlock and John, she carelessly gestures towards James and his men with the gun in her hand. “Go on, then, boys. Be a love and earn your cut.”
“You may have set a limit,” Sherlock murmurs. “But not all of your body parts seem to agree.”
“You have him?” Sophie asks. Sherlock nods in the affirmative. She surprises John, then, with a quick, careful squeeze around his shoulders and a peck on the cheek.
Sherlock gives a childish, annoyed sigh. “Something dreadful and tragic, I’m sure.”
Seb reaches his destination. He drops his cigarette to the pavement and grinds it out with the toe of his boot before ducking into a paper-strewn archway entrance at the end of long, ancient-looking, lowslung edifice of grey stone. Most of the windows are broken or boarded over; the building looks as forlorn and abandoned as the streets surrounding it.
Mycroft asked him.
“This case is a four," John observes.
after the recent beating has name has taken.
Jack sighs, the drawn out noise of the put upon and the long suffering.
Sherlock hears the sounds of John standing and pulling off his shirt and jeans. Warm fingers touch him, brush sweat-damp hair off his forehead as he writhes and moans.
John pulls his jacket tighter around himself--it’s almost spring, but there’s still a chilly bite to the air- and turns to leave even as he wonders why he’s fighting against what he wants so very hard, what exactly it is he’s trying to prove here.
John’s legs feel like poorly-set jelly. He grips the handrail at the top of the steps for dear life.
“I love it.” Sherlock says, wrecked and needy. “You know I love it. ” His shaking fingers find John’s belt, unbuckle it, open the fly of his jeans. “It’s so hard and thick and good and I want it.”
“No, I’m sorry,” John says. “I would do so much worse. It’s absolutely fine. Thank you.”
John closes his eyes again. The image of Sherlock receiving his come like a blessing, like a benediction--it is seared forever into the deepest, darkest part of his brain.
“Text me the address,” he says in reply, “and we’ll be along shortly.” He rings off, pockets the phone, as he looks up at John with a diffident, almost shy grin.
“That’s fine,” John says. “In fact, I’d prefer it. As long as you don’t mind.”
Late that afternoon, John does indeed find a nearby launderette with both high speed WiFi and a coffee shop next door.
Mrs. Hudson tuts, begins tidying the kitchen. “Honestly,” she says, “I do sometimes wish John still lived here. You were so much happier with him here, and a lot easier to handle, I don’t mind telling you.”
It happened rarely, but when Sherlock Holmes failed to solve a case, and lives were lost in the aftermath, the spectacle that followed was truly frightening in its intensity.
“Let me see.”
Sherlock regards him for a long moment, assessing, still clearly uncertain. Finally he nods, closing his eyes as he exhales in resigned acceptance.
He thinks about Sherlock, of course. He’s a replicant yet John feels for him, grieves for him, finds he’s utterly unable to stop himself from wanting him, wanting to hold and touch and comfort him, wanting to ease the pain in those pale, haunted eyes.
They don’t speak as John washes two glasses, pours a generous measure of vodka in each. He hands one to Sherlock.
“It’s not your fault,” Sherlock says softly. “None of this is your fault. You need to understand. I could never--” He shakes his head, tries again. “You’re the one good thing in my life, the best thing. John, you’re so much better than I deserve, and I--”
John Watson is his sun, his star, his gravity well, the centre of his personal universe. None of the ordinary labels suffice, not even remotely, but they will serve until he can find the absolute right word, the perfect combination of lips and tongue and air across vocal cords to convey to the world exactly what this man means to him.
Sherlock nods. “Undoubtedly. But until then, no bastardy will be permitted. How about a hot shower and a cup of tea instead, maybe a bit of telly?”
. Probably, if he's being completely honest with himself.
If Sherlock was the sort of person to have hobbies, he suspects this kind of engagement would be what having an engrossing hobby would feel like.
Sherlock is entirely correct; now that John’s paying attention he notices his throat is scratchy and his mouth is sticky and dry. He closes his eyes while he waits, gives another sigh as he luxuriates in the soft but supportive cradle of the bed.
“You’re doing so well,” John murmurs. “So lovely, so gorgeous. Just relax and let me hold you. I’ve got you. I promise.”
, without thought or question.
“But I’m not sad,” John says one last time, in an oddly defiant whisper, as if daring Sherlock to contradict him.
“Thanks,
The momentary spark in Sherlock's eyes flickers and dies as quickly as it flared. He lapses back into distant silence on the hour-long ride, giving John plenty of room--too much room -- to dwell on recent memories.
“That’s what I’m trying to say,” John breaks in. “If the words themselves are identical, then the message is in the details. The pen, the paper.’
the honeyed voice in his head sighs, annoyed.
Many minutes tick by, with agonising slowness, but eventually the storm passes, as all storms must. John’s ragged breathing evens out, the drip of tears slowing slightly, and he gradually discovers he’s a soaking, sodden mess. His head aches, his face is puffy and sore, and he can’t breathe properly through his nose.
“Professional. As in...oh, shit. You took a picture to indicate...you mean to put a
“Because that’s not really why you’re here,” Louellen replies. “is it?”
John  nods, takes it with his free hand, drinks gratefully and what’s left of the water back to Sherlock. He drinks, wipes his mouth with the back of his hand, and sets the uncapped bottle on the table.
So no hitting. Not ever. But there were ways, other ways of altering Sherlock’s mental state and refocusing him on the sensations of his body, and John was rather enjoying the challenge of finding creative ways to push Sherlock’s boundaries.
“Sherlock, I--”
John decides to take the risk and cautiously cracks open one eye, then another.
John shines the light directly on the carton. Sherlock kneels and examines the debris, poking carefully through with his gloved fingers.
Touching back of head/neck/hair
a nineteen year old.
“Relax for me, pet, let it in,” John said, gentle but firm, as he slowly pushed the glass plug fully into him. Sherlock cried out once, breathing raggedly as the widest part of the plug finally slipped past his stretched rim. John kept one hand on Sherlock’s neck as Sherlock mewled and squirmed at the heavy fullness inside of him. John gave the base of the toy several firm nudges, making Sherlock gasp as it pressed against his prostate.
Do something
The reasons for the carefully maintained distance seem so important, at first.
The abandoned building has little to offer them in the way of clues; over the space of just two days many others have come and gone, for shelter or privacy or a place to drink or smoke or do God knows what, and any useful evidence has long since been erased.
