I kiss him quickly, then make use of the bottle. We’re lying on our sides, facing each other. Sherlock bends up one leg so that I can reach all of him. I take hold his cock with my free hand and give it a gentle squeeze. Hard—god, dripping. One of us makes a low, appreciative sound—maybe both of us. I give him a few slow strokes, just for fun, then slide the slicked fingers of my other hand back along the seam of his body.
“No, but there’s about to be.  I’m going.  Come with me or don’t.”[ SHerlock ought to be out more often before this.]
He must not forget that John picked up Irene’s phone, did something with it, and denied having noticed the duplicate. John knows something. Sherlock needs to find out what it is, but he dares not ask out loud. Meanwhile, where John is concerned, he’ll just have to…no, impossible to stay level-headed. The hot flush that comes over Sherlock at the mere thought of him is proof enough of that. He’ll just have to wait, and trust, and be vigilant, and try to find out if this bottomless ache can be satisfied before it all falls apart.
“He was a frequent topic of conversation,” she said. At this point John was stopped from asking any more questions by their arrival at the gargoyle that guarded the entrance to the Headmaster’s—Headmistress’s—Office.
They came up, they went through, they were in the bedroom. An expectant hush.
“It’s what I
“Then I won’t mind much,” John said.
“Come on, Jack,” she purrs. “Sherlock can survive the night without you. I’ll have you back bright and early. He won’t even know you were gone.”
“Oh, by Jove,” he huffed, thrusting into it: once, and then again, his long body working against mine. Lord, the things I wanted to do with that body! I was wild with the sensation of his prick rubbing past my bollocks, of his fingertips digging into my chest. I took hold of my prick, but I only had time for a couple of pulls before his hand pushed mine away.
“Is it?” asked Snape, deadpan.
“With someone else? Or alone?”
Sherlock, of course, figures it out immediately, and he also gives me a look, and it’s one I know very well from watching him all these years:
“None of them? But Sherlock, you
“God, Sherlock,” John breathes. His hand strokes unsteadily up and Sherlock’s spine. “God, gorgeous. I love this. I love you.”
He looks at me. I give the slightest nod.
“Maybe I’d fuck you” —and we haven’t done that, and just saying it feels like uttering a secret—“and maybe I wouldn’t, but I’d just keep you that way, in case the mood struck—“
But Sherlock hardly registers the words, because while John is speaking, he folds the hem of Sherlock’s dressing gown up over his back and then, with infinite care, slides Sherlock’s trousers down to his knees. He can picture what John sees: his pale arse exposed the the air, the buzzing, incongruous black-and-turquoise knob of the toy sticking out, stretching him, ready to be prodded and pulled and played with. The slick of his arousal actually—actually running down his thighs, god he can feel a drop of it crawling. A husky sound escapes John’s throat, and a  warm fingertip traces back up the cool path of the droplet. Then John’s warm palm snugs up into the top of his inner thigh, intimate and steady and alive, and John lets one knuckle press up against Sherlock’s perineum. No doubt John can feel the hard, humming bulk of the thing inside; he presses Sherlock’s flesh against it, giving him, from outside, a teasing hint of the sensation he craves within. Sherlock squirms and huffs against the cushion, spreading his knees out as wide as he can.
He pulled his trousers up again, slowly, then made his way back out to the sitting room.
“Just come right in dear, he said to come straight up.”
“That’s what Uncle Billy’s boyfriend said,” says the boy.
I give an incredulous snort. “Why? It’s not as though I’ll be around for it. Never see him again, probably.”
Red taillights ahead among the flickering city lights.
He snorts derisively, but I press on.
“My parents—you probably don’t know. They fought against Voldemort during the Years of Terror. I don’t know everything they did, but I do remember when I was very small, we were always moving, sleeping in loads of different strange houses all the time, that kind of thing. We only settled down after we heard the news about the boy who lived. Anyway, that Christmas we found out—Mycroft did, actually—that some of their old enemies were ascendant again and plotting to assassinate my parents.”
“Well, I am,” she says. “Bored to death, really. I think it’s time we put our plan into action, Sherlock.”
. Ever since that moment of connection with Sherlock, John hadn’t been able to get him out of his head for a moment. Whatever their relationship was, it was
Sherlock this way.”
“Of course it is,” Sherlock said, going to John’s cauldron. Sherlock held his hand out over the cauldron, John placed his hand on top of it, and Snape laid his hand over them both. Holding Sherlock’s hand was rather nice, and having his hand held by Snape was rather strange, but John tried to ignore these feelings and focus on the magic. They each took out their wands with their free hands, and began the incantation, wand tips flicking in unison as their voices joined.
I struggle up to sitting, shoving his hand away, though he’s already withdrawing it. I’m too hot, breathing hard. I’m still wearing my jumper, for Christ’s sake. I pull it off over my head, along with my shirt. The cool air on my skin restores some sanity. Are we doing this? Yeah, fuck it all, we are. He wants to, I want to, nobody can see us. He deserves whatever honesty I can give him, and this, right now, is honest. It’s me. It’s true. But I’m damned if I’ll let him just stroke me off as some sort of payback for the first time.
“Ohhh my god,” John moaned into the pillow, an edge of hysteria in his voice. “Holy Christ. Sherlock, quick, turn us over. Greg? Oy, Greg!”
“What would be the point of that?” Sherlock asked.
“So I think Sherlock’s scent on me inhibited the development of your knot,” John explained. “But now that we’ve — uh — I think the smell might be different, and it might work.”
And Sherlock took off running. John picked up his walking stick and jogged after him as best he could, but his leg bloody
“You did. Not consciously, maybe, but—everyone hides things from themselves. That was the really—the really fucked up thing.” He takes a deep breath. “Mycroft told everyone you were fragile. He implied that you were liable to have some kind of—some kind of breakdown. And everyone believed it, because you were so…wounded. You obviously had a hole in your heart. And I think that’s what it was, you know? I think, deep down inside, you knew.”
It’s dangerous to lie to Sherlock Holmes about anything, which can make it tricky to get away to film the background scenes.  This is why my character has a job.  The morning after the business with the cabbie, I run out to “the clinic”.  I don’t need to wear yesterday’s clothes; the wardrobe department will provide a duplicate outfit.
“It is Brunhilde’s Beatific Blessing, isn’t it?” This was an incantation John had learned in third year charms. He hoped he remembered all the words.
“Restless?” John calls, and Sherlock stills, unaccountably embarrassed. He can tell by the heat in his face that his cheeks must be bright red.
“What risk?” John asked. “What were you afraid of?”
“Do you know what a familiar is?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock
“I’ve got a large tower room all to myself. There’s more than enough room for you. Come round and see it tomorrow before you speak to Minerva.”
“No apologies,” John said. “This is Sherlock’s room, so that’s him you’re smelling. And on me, too. See? Here. And here.”
“I dunno.” God, I can smell him, fuck. “Always wanted you. Just how it is. God, can I touch you?”
Moments later, Sherlock demonstrates his willingness to send himself and John up in a ball of flame if it means stopping me, and my own heart just fucking cracks for him.  This man.  He doesn’t deserve any of this.
I’m not sure what any of it means, except for the obvious fact that Brook wants to draw Sherlock’s attention. And oh, he gets that in spades. Sherlock broods intensely on the news of Moriarty’s return. I’ve gotten used to a rather cuddly physicality with him, but now he switches to a purely cerebral mode of being, hardly eating or sleeping, never touching. He’s twitchy and difficult, taciturn, sharp.
John gulped. “Yeah.”
There are ten or twenty more in that vein, evidently spanning a period of some months. From the occasional details, it appears that “Laurie” was one of the aristocratic inhabitants of the house, while “Roddy” was a servant, presumably one of the occupants of this very bedroom. Their homosexual love affair was evidently carried out under the nose of Laurie’s wife. In fact, there’s some evidence to suggest that Laurie was engaged when the affair began and married some time in the middle of it.
“Do you want me to?”
Sherlock was close, close enough for John to feel the air move when he breathed, close enough for him to hear the slight unsteadiness as he inhaled.
“What are you lot standing around for?” she asks.  “He’s just gone off with the killer.  Somebody has to follow him.”
“It’s about my younger brother.”
“Don’t want to finish like this,” John said. Sherlock pulled off of John’s cock and rested his head against John’s thigh, his mouth red and beautiful.
And then we’re in my room. I shut the door behind Sherlock, and when I turn back he’s—right there, hovering close enough that I have to look up. He seems to hesitate, maybe giving me a chance to object, but that chance slips away somehow. This time when our lips meet it goes straight through me: eyes closed and sinking fast as his hands come to rest with bird-like lightness on my upper arms. My own hands are crabbed, uncertain, not knowing where or how to touch, but then—
“I don’t recall a time limit on this bet.”
Mr. Knight has arranged accommodations for us at the Cross Keys inn, a medieval building remodeled as a vegetarian B&B. We’re greeted by Gary, a chatty, bearded fellow—gay, I think, not that it matters. He helps us get our things up the narrow stairway, then unlocks our room and ushers us in with a flourish. I’m halfway through the door when I realize they’ve given us a room with only one bed. I turn to say there must be some mistake, but Gary has already disappeared off down the stairs.
“Have a bite of that,” he says.
Also I got my application paperwork for St. Mungo’s. It’s a huge heap of stuff that I have to fill out, and I have to write an essay and get letters of reference. I know I can get one from Madam Pomfrey, but I don’t know who else…am debating between McG and Snape. I don’t think either of them are too impressed with me, but they both know me well and they have a reputation for being strict, so if they do say anything good it should carry a lot of weight. Maybe I’ll ask them both, I don’t know. Other option is Flitwick, but he likes everyone. End of term seems very close, all of a sudden.
Sherlock is with the killer.  Sherock thinks he’s real.  To keep Sherlock interested and/or fooled, the killer has to act like a real killer.  And what do killers do?  I start walking faster.
here, about your situation,” Gary says.
“I know.” He sighs, looks out the window again. “I know. But god, I’m tired. I don’t know what the hell I’m doing. I didn’t expect it to be so…” He trails off. Sherlock doesn’t press him. No doubt he expected the arrival of his offspring to smooth out the bumps in his relationship with Mary. No doubt he expected a bundle of joy. But Mary is more than a bit depressed, and Livy is a crier.
He didn’t notice that he was still gripping Sherlock’s hand until the magician withdrew it, flexing his fingers slightly as though the strength of John’s grip had hurt him.
“Stop a moment,” I said. Holmes shuffled to a stop, and if I had not been worried before, his unprotesting obedience would have been enough to pique my anxiety. He stood still while I unbuttoned my coat, then his. I slid the sodden garment back off of his shoulders. From there, it was a matter of some delicacy to get my coat off of myself and onto him without dragging either of the hems in the sleety mud of the street, but I managed it, more or less to my satisfaction. I considered simply dropping Holmes’ ulster — it might well be completely ruined — but there was no telling what Mrs Hudson might manage with it, so instead I draped the great, heavy mass of it over one arm and gave the other to Holmes, who leant upon it heavily. The ulster was quite unpleasant to carry and the suit I had on was scarcely adequate to the weather, but if Holmes’ estimate of the distance was accurate, at least we should not need to walk much farther. Even as it was, I wondered whether it would have been better to simply knock on a door and ask for shelter, but the neighborhood was just insalubrious enough to give me pause, especially as it was very late at night.
“Not quite as over the top as yours, but it…it has got me going.” John’s eyes are half-lidded, inward focused, his cheeks getting redder all the time.
“Greg doesn’t really think—?”
“Maybe…maybe turn over? So I can see you?”
John made a fairly good day of it.  He met with Mike Stamford again, who asked John what he thought about Sherlock Holmes.
Function: Rehabilitation, Mentorship
“I’ve always assumed that love is a dangerous disadvantage,” he says. “Thank you for the final proof.”
Their shod feet knocked together atop the leather pad draped across the foot of the bed.
It’s true that he often reacts to things in a way that is not genuine, but always, in those situations, he knows who his audience is and what he’s trying to accomplish: he acts stupid to suspects to get them to reveal things, he hides from John the way that his incessant lip-licking drives him to distraction.  But here, now, he has the dizzy sensation of not knowing who might be watching.
strikes me as a bit ambitious, but I keep my mouth shut. Sherlock is leaned back in his chair, eyes narrowed as he gazes at a point somewhere to the left of Mrs. Hudson’s elbow.
“Shh, it’s okay.” Fucking Mycroft. I’ll destroy him. Softly, softly I touch Sherlock’s cock. He makes no sound, though I think, from the way his breath shakes, that he would like to. He is so hard. I let my mouth fall to the back of his shoulder, breathing into the cloth beneath my lips. His prick jumps beneath my hand.
“Oh!” said John, and he did pull away this time. “More lube, I think.”
“How would
“Irene Adler?” Greg chimes in.  “What, are we gonna have scandalous photos of you with the Czech prime minister?”
Sherlock tore open the fly of John’s jeans and shoved his hand down deep to dig his fingers up into John’s wetness. John moaned. “Right here?” Sherlock growled. “Now? Are you really that desperate?” God, the way he
“Stamford. Mike Stamford. We were at St. Mungo’s together.”
“Yeah, the sound pickup’s not been great outdoors. Nor in your room either, by the way. Just the two cameras in there, and a couple little mics. All they could manage on short notice. He only just got word of the  extras strike in time to get Sherlock out. They’re scrambling to repopulate the city while you two are gone. It’s a nightmare. If you break the golden rule at the same time, it’ll all go tits up, so please, for all our sakes, just don’t.”
John (I still call him John; he takes it as a pet name, an intimacy) climbs out of the pool with a soft splash. I do look up at the sound of his wet feet padding on the stone tiles, as John is a sight always worth seeing, trim and tan and glistening in the sun.
“John, if you want to—“
“I’m just so furious about that kiss!” Billy complains. I blink a few times, searching for words, before he goes on. “I mean I don’t blame you, of course, I know you’ve got to follow a script. Me and my friends have had a bet going for ages on whether Sherlock was gay or asexual, but they never really put an available man into his path before you, you know. So now we have our answer, and it turns out you’re not available after all. The poor man, honestly.”
He fishes it out of his pocket and examines it.  It looks quite similar to the one he brought to the pool, though not identical.  It’s a black 32GB USB drive.
My fucking
“What was that song?” John asked.
Sherlock regarded him darkly for a moment, and John glared back as well as he could, given the situation with Sherlock’s eyes.  Something seemed to rise up in Sherlock for a moment, something that raised the hairs on the back of John’s neck, but it passed as quickly as it had come.
potion,” Sherlock said, standing up unsteadily. He dusted the front of his apron briskly, which made not the slightest difference to its filthy state. “That’s the control, I bought it. I’m just try’n’a make a better one so’s I can get more bread’n’honey, guvna. Oh! Did you say Aurors?”
Over the ensuing weeks, Sherlock starts getting famous within his own world.  Headlines.  The deerstalker.  The media crush.  Sherlock Holmes starts to become a household name, the matter of most of those households being fictional notwithstanding.  At first I can’t fathom what Mycroft is up to.  I’d think it was intended to boost Sherlock’s perception of his own importance, but as he’s always considered himself superior to the rest of humanity, it doesn’t actually make much of a difference.
John sputtered, deciding among several different responses, not the least of which was to ask how Sherlock could be so thick as to suppose he’d sleep through such a thing.  He finally settled on:
“John?” Sherlock asked, noticing.
“So, you want me to live here?” John asked, aching. “In a…in a nook made out of bookshelves?”
“So, Mr. Watson,” she said. “I have reviewed your application. I am sorry to say that I cannot offer you the position of Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.”
“I should say it rather has,” Sherlock purrs. He gives the thing a push, and John licks his lips. “Feels like…the red one?”
“A genius,” Mycroft supplied. “Yes. It would seem that his housemates don’t appreciate being outshone. There are one or two that actually like him, of course, but they’re physically weak and none too popular, either. Hardly useful as allies. No, he needs someone like you on his side. Athletic, fair-minded, not as stupid as most.”
It was good flying weather, so John allowed an extra day for travel, and flew. High above the rolling countryside, with the wind whistling in the bristles of his broomstick, it was hard to resist a certain lightening of his heart. The fact that he could do this now, without fear of encountering Death-Eaters or Dementors, was all the proof one could want that their little corner of the world, at least, was at peace. This soft and golden country didn’t need him, John Watson, to defend it. Perhaps it would be all right to begin to hope that he would get the job.
“Hmm, dunno. Bit too soft.”
So, standing beside him, Sherlock played. The notes still pulled at John’s heart, tenderly as ever. John closed his eyes and let the music move him, waiting to see if he would feel again that piercing ache of loss. But there was no loss this time, only beauty, and behind his closed eyes he saw again his young self, as he had been when he first fell in love: bright and raw and open, untouched by the shadow of fear. When the last note faded, he opened his eyes, and though he was his older self again, he knew that a child still dwelt at the core of his being.
Thank you to the anonymous person who prompted this idea on the BBC Sherlock kink meme! I hope you stuck around for the ending, and I'm sorry it took so long.
“Obviously,” he rumbles, impatient.
“Oh!” Sherlock said. “I’ve just the thing.”
“You passed your N.E.W.T.s with flying colors,” Sherlock said. “You went to St. Mungo’s. You did well there, but you started to crave a more direct involvement in the fight, so you joined the Aurors. When the war broke out, they sent you straight to the front lines. There, you felt more alive than you ever had before, until, near the end of the war, you were captured, imprisoned, and tortured for some time. It couldn’t have been for too long, though, because your mind survived. How long was it?”
“I can offer you a position as Madam Pomfrey’s assistant. Acquit yourself well there, and we may be able to revisit your application at a later time.”
“Oh, that,” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively.  “Don’t think you’ll be having those dreams anymore.  They’re far too disruptive to be allowed.  Now, do you mind? I still haven’t collected what I need.”
“More fingers,” he rumbles. His tone registers as demanding, but I’m far too hazy at this point to even tease him about it. I shove two fingers easily back inside him, and he groans luxuriously. The sight of his cock bouncing against his belly serves as sudden inspiration; I slide down between his thighs, and take it into my mouth. I can’t see his face anymore, but I can hear him panting, open-mouthed, as I suck him deep and stroke him from inside, over and over again, without mercy, until his cock is so rigid I can barely close my lips around it.
“Wouldn’t want to put you out of the bed,” he snarks.
“Don’t look so surprised,” Sherlock says, addressing Mycroft. “If John could find you here, surely it was obvious that I could, as well.”
hates them. The few times he’s been forced to fly for cases, Mycroft has been good enough to provide him with strong medication, which he has taken half an hour before boarding. He can’t remember the details of a single flight he’s been on, and he’d like to keep it that way. It’s irrational; he doesn’t even remember the reason for it. He just really, really hates planes.
“I’m warning you,” Holly said, her wand at the ready.
They settled in. They ordered food. And then there was nothing to do but talk.
“This quaint little heap? Certainly not. I’m at the Bedford out in Tavistock.”
But John stops, squeezing him hard, and Sherlock nearly yelps with frustration.
Now he’s meant to recover some photographs from Irene Adler.  Moriarty knew, somehow, that she was going to appear.  The first story is about a woman who shares her name, and there are twelve stories in the book.  Is he to have a case paralleling each of them?
Our bathroom has a little round shaving mirror on a swing arm. As I’m lifting my chin to shave the edge of my jaw, I feel again his touch against my carotid. I slide a soapy fingertip to touch the spot, remembering, and I feel the quick and steady thud-thud-thud of my heart—my true and living, aching heart.
“Yes, with that, what else?” Sherlock said.
“Mycroft—but?”
“At least I’ll have a doctor with me.” Then he disappears into his bedroom, presumably to prepare for the trip.
“My therapist suggested I try to spend some time with you. This seemed expedient, given the circumstances.”
hey, it’s not like I’m billing by the hour
“John,” says Mycroft evenly. “Come. Sit with me.”
As soon as she had disappeared round a corner, Holmes said, “Watson, pray go and fetch one of those long oars that is leaning up against the dockhouse. I shall need it in a moment.” I went for the oar, assuming that Holmes meant to use it to probe the bottom of the river. But as I reached it, I heard a muted splash.
“You’re upset,” Sherlock said, matter-of-factly.  “Why?”
) of himself, and many of the beaky Victorian fellow with the pipe and silly hat. Watson, too: his Watson, and another one, stout and tweedy. Characters. They are characters. The Doyle characters.
“Did you get anywhere with that morse code?” he asks.
“Yeah, well, that doesn’t extend to romance, especially not with you. He doesn’t want Sherlock confused. Or you, either.”
John thrusts fast and shallowly, and Sherlock ends up
On the other hand, the naked box was garish enough that one couldn’t simply hand it over. So he gave it to John in the bag from the shop, with a mumbled “Happy anniversary.” John, being no more inclined than Sherlock toward unnecessary ceremony when it came to gifts, wasted no time in pulling the box out of the bag.
The helicopter pilot turns out to be the same middle-aged woman as before. I study her expression for signs of having viewed last night’s broadcast, but she gives nothing away.
“No, I’m sorry. My mind is made up.”
Thank you, again, to
“You don’t have to take that, you know,” I say.
He remembered Mike as a kindly and enthusiastic healer, just out of his apprenticeship. They hadn’t been close—Mike had been somewhat on the fringes of John’s social circle—but John had liked him well enough.  At Mike’s invitation, John accompanied him into a cozy Wizarding pub just around the corner from the park where John had been walking. Over a pint of bitter, they caught up. Mike was teaching at St. Mungo’s, now. John told his own story in as few words as he could. Mike didn’t offer sentimental condolences, as John had half feared he would, but instead regarded John thoughtfully.
He’s made tea. He gestures me toward a chair—his chair, that overdesigned affair of leather and chrome. I take the offered seat. He pours the tea, stiffly sits down opposite.
Sherlock shrugs. “Not entirely. But she was…supportive.”
But he’s already pulling back, stilling. I open my eyes and catch him looking up at me, dark-eyed, his lips parted.
“Oh, don’t get up,” John says, as though he were offering to fetch something for a houseguest, but the firm press of his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder tells a rather different story. “I know how much you enjoy relaxing in your special chair.”
I’m feeling lost.  “Uh, sorry, why do we have to follow him?”
And what of the room’s inhabitants? Our spying eyes might find them working, Sherlock at his brazier and John at his writing desk. (John is writing another book, which he intends to call
“John,” he says.
Subtle, she’s not. “You aren’t staying here, then?”
“He won’t let anything happen to you,” one of them says. Have they even been paying attention? Have they noticed how very much Sherlock does
“You’re late,” Sherlock said, without looking up.
“You—what?”
“It’s Wilson, actually.”
, Sherlock.”
There are things he should have done while he was young, probably. No telling if they’ll ever happen now. Not that it stops some people. He sees again the face of Laurence Fitzwilliam Stoner, his knowing eyes, his whiff of scandal. Before and after his marriage. Not a man much constrained by convention, nor morality. John’s not either, really, but
For a moment he dreaded that Sherlock would make him go on, would ask how he made the potion last so long, or what they had done to him. But he didn’t. Instead, he unclasped his hands and took hold of John’s right hand, which had been shaking.
Greg shoots me a hard look, but Sherlock is already turning away, and I go with him.
Sherlock turns away, coat swirling, and heads for our front door. “I’m staying here,” he says. “You can fake the paperwork.”
He probably wouldn’t have kissed John this morning if it weren’t for that, but it’s hardly the end of the world. And, oh, the way John’s pulse raced! The memory of it clouds his vision for a moment. If there’s really nothing—if he has fabricated John’s responses to him out of thin air and wishes—then the whole world is built on a foundation of straw.
“John, the gun.” It takes me a second to realize what he intends, but quickly enough I fumble the piece out of my trousers and train it on the motorbike’s rider. The man raises his hands and climbs off the bike. Sherlock climbs on, I get on behind him—
With my gun in my hand, I’m crouched on a rug behind an oversized antique desk. It feels good to have it with me, listening, waiting.
“Not you, Junior, you’re done now.”
“Is this how he touches you?” Greg asked. John gasped, his face lovely with it. Greg must be—must have his fingers inside him.
“Hey,” John said.
“Sherlock,” I said, liking the feel of the name, which I had said silently to myself so many times. “I—“
“Try this.”
“You need warming up,” I said. “And as we haven’t any hot drinks or water bottles, you are going to have to make do with the one warm thing we do have, which is me. Now, be quiet, and don’t excite yourself.”
We make our way to a private helipad early the next morning. Sherlock doses himself just before we leave the flat.
The bike puts on a burst of speed. Nothing hinders us for several miles, that is, until we come to an intersection blocked by a stationary lorry. Sherlock wavers a little, then rides up onto the pavement, scattering pedestrians, to skirt the obstacle. We get back into the roadway, but the road is blocked a little ways on with construction equipment. Sherlock says something—probably a curse, but it’s muffled by the helmet. We roll up onto the pavement again, but there are too many people. Sherlock stops the motorbike and tosses the helmet away. We start shoving through the crowd, but it’s impossible, too many bodies; they must have every extra in the city crowded in here trying to slow us down. A police siren starts up, cutting through the noise, and Sherlock stops, turning suddenly.
“So did I,” Sherlock said. “John, you? Did you have fun?”
did me the very great kindness of betaing the remainder. Mere words are insufficient to express my gratitude.
“A bit, yeah.”  And I am angry, but that emotion is increasingly overwhelmed by something else, something raw and impossible.  Sherlock is brimming with pent up energy, almost vibrating where he stands, his hands moving restlessly from his hips to his neck and back again.
“I thought we were meant to be avoiding excessive excitement,” he quipped. I decided not to answer, and a moment later felt him plant his foot on the back of my calf, his long, frigid toes splaying out against the muscle. I rubbed his back, and he sighed and shivered down against me. Some minutes later—far sooner than I had hoped—his shaking stopped, and I realized he had fallen asleep.
He released John’s chin, dropping the cotton bud into a small bottle which he withdrew from his pocket.  Then, without another word, he clambered off of John’s bed and left the room.  John heard his hurried footsteps on the stairs.
“Usually, but not always, this figure?” Sherlock asks. “What else?”
im sure your place in history is secure
“I’ll take the nook,” he said. “It’s probably best I have my own bed, anyway, because I don’t sleep well.”
“I don’t know,” John said. His voice was strained. “Maybe.”
I shake my head.
“They’re not stopping, why aren’t they stopping?” His mouth hardens into a grim line. “Tube’s not running either—we’ve been standing here long enough we should have heard it through the gratings. There!”
We steal away from Mycroft’s house on foot, then duck into a shed where we dress up as gardeners and commandeer a motorized cart for a ride down the road to the gate at the edge of the property, where one of the armed guards gives Sherlock a nod and lets us through. Then we get into a car. Then there’s a helicopter, again. Apparently Sherlock is fine with helicopters now.
“So?” said John. “Why would that make her miss Potions?”
“You are real,” I say, to the back of his neck. “As real as anything in the world.”
lovely so lets get on with the operation then
“An offensive stereotype,” Sherlock grimaced, “but yes, you have the idea.  It is an animal, which a magician may employ for companionship and to help with certain magical tasks.”
“So who was it? Someone from outside?”
The food in my mouth loses its flavor. I swallow it down with difficulty.
“John, I know I’ve been a bit distracted lately, but I think I would have noticed a thing like that. Now, if you’re quite finished, I’ve a criminal mastermind to convict.”
“So what are you working on?” John asked.
“Okay,” I say, letting his words sink in. Shit. I’d wondered how Irene was able to tell me things about their plans without alerting Mycroft. No wonder he wanted the phone back so badly. “So, you want me to tell Sherlock what, exactly?”
“If I wanted to tell you, I would have done so already,” Sherlock said, his voice rough.
She leads them—Sherlock alert, John at least keeping up appearances—to a disused storeroom on the ground floor. It’s filled with old furniture and decorative items, some of which could no doubt get Lady Stoner a TV appearance on the
plan,” Sherlock says. “It was
I have no answer.
The little silence that follows is interrupted by a text arriving on Sherlock’s phone. He pulls out his phone with his free hand.
“Also what?” Sounds cranky. It’ll get worse if Sherlock doesn’t answer.
“John’s supposed to be his new bestie, I think he should go after him,” Lestrade says.  The others nod.
be a bad idea,” Sherlock huffed, sounding offended.  “Getting my own materia mixed up in the work?  That never leads to anything good.”
“Yes,” John said.
“I know,” he says, very gently. He kisses me again, briefly, then swallows, and takes a deliberate breath. “And I—too,” he says. “Me too, still. It took me a while to be sure.”
A little shiver creeps over me.
“No,” John says.
“It’s a woman by the name of Lady Evelyn Stoner. Convinced her house is haunted.”
I get a rhythm going, thrusting shallowly.
from home—John is part of it. The lines of his face, the way he wears his clothes…he belongs among these people, in this place, in exactly the way that Sherlock patently does not. In this moment, alone in this bedroom, it feels like betrayal.
, said John.
“He really is insufferable sometimes,” she sniffs to me, out of Sherlock’s hearing.
“Maybe I should let them do it. Should I? Just let them line up and take you for their toy, knot after knot, for days, while I watch—“
“So speaking of Bach,” I say, “did you know his life was rather marred by tragedy? His parents died when he was very young, and then he was under the thumb of an abusive master at school.”
“Maybe a bit. But then how did I get away with my crimes?” I can’t resist a little eyebrow waggle, but he’s immune to my infectious excitement. Ah, well.
But coming on strong with Sherlock hadn’t worked. Or it had worked up to a point, but John had a feeling that if he pressed Sherlock too hard, he would withdraw for good. So in the days that followed the Blessing, John kept things as light as he could. He still sat next to Sherlock in Potions, but he limited his chatting to the minutes before class began. Afterward, he walked with him to the spot where Sherlock turned right for Arithmancy and John turned left for Charms. He did not invite Sherlock to study, let alone anything more. Sherlock did not…relax, exactly, in response to this approach. But he did at least receive John’s limited companionship without complaint.
“Okay. What should I say about you?”
“I’m Joanie Morris. Thank you. Can you give her this?”
“So it wasn’t just that you failed to appear on a Saturday,” John said.
, and between that and the wine he found himself sinking into a warm, kiss-muddled haze. Maybe the timing wasn’t so bad after all.
“I’d rather not dwell on it, if you don’t mind.”
“So,” I say. Where to begin? “What are we going to—I mean. Are we just…staying here?”
“Fine.” He takes the proffered paper reflexively, then throws it on the floor when he realizes he refused it only a moment ago. John, already back in the kitchen, doesn’t react.
“Don’t know if you bargained for all that,” Sherlock said.
“Anything you like. Don’t tell me.”
The dark-haired, dark-robed professor who came into view, chatting  intently with a witch that John didn’t recognize, could not possibly be Sherlock Holmes. The Sherlock John had last seen in these halls had been scrawny, skinny, awkwardly tall, and stiff with a haughty reserve that served as inadequate cover for painful self-consciousness. When John and Holly had arrested him, he had still been gaunt and peculiar. Sherlock was quite different now: he had grown into his height, for one thing, but it was not only his pleasing proportions that made him seem bigger. Where before he had carried himself with a flinching stiffness, now he moved freely, confidently. Haughtiness had given way to self-assurance. Sherlock Holmes had grown up. He had become complete in himself.
He stood up, at first just because he couldn’t stay sitting, and then with a growing intention to simply escape.
“Work to do,” he said as he turned away, and he was right, of course. John went to back to his cauldron and his book.
He enunciates his answer with sarcastic prissiness. “I find a shot of scotch facilitates the effects nicely.”
“You liked it,” he growled. “Lestrade could hardly take his eyes off you, and you
I want nothing to do with any of those people. I have something else I need to focus on.
“Is that how you failed?” John asked. “I mean, not because you’re not—I mean, you
“Anyway,” said Sherlock, turning away from John’s bemusement. “Dinner reservation, seven o’clock. Best get ready.”
“If you’ll come with me, please, we’ll just go up to my office.”
“Take the job,” Sherlock said. “You can move in here or not, but please stay close to me. Please.”
“Very well, you will have your letter. Will that be all?”
Perhaps we doze. Later, we get up and get into the shower together. Words come back to us slowly.
,” John moans. “He desires you exquisitely.” And then he gasps and grunts and his weight drives Sherlock down almost back onto the bed. John’s cock pulses hard and suddenly wet inside him, pressing just a hair too far, and Sherlock whimpers with heat and confusion and loneliness.
“In parallel universe, it could have all been true. You could have really lived here, and known real people instead of actors, and it would have—it would have been the same, almost. You would have been the same. You would still have been a genius.”
“Uh, no.”
“Freedom for Mr Dawson,” he said, naming the man who had thus far been the prime suspect in our case. “And something a good deal less pleasant for our friend Miss Green. Come, Watson, the game’s afoot!” Rising, he dropped his blanket and came to take the valise from me. Impishly, I kept hold of the handle when he tried to tug it out of my hand. He looked at me in confusion for a moment, then smiled, and bent to give me the kiss that my stratagem had been designed to elicit. With his tall, bare form so close to me, I was achingly aware of the contrast in our states of dress, and I was conscious of the extra piquancy this lent to the desire I already felt for him. I’m sure he sensed it, too.
“I’d like a word with you, if you don’t mind.”
“Ungh. God, I—” Gears stuttering, trying to process. All wrong. “God—just. Hang on. Stop.”
. Don’t you see? Mycroft
“You often seemed not to want me at all.”
“This is my car,” she says. “Mr. Holmes’ resources are somewhat diminished, as you may be aware.”
, where the angle is perfect, and then we’re kissing, and it’s like our first kiss—like a movie kiss, like the kiss we could have had if everything had been different.
“Can we do this?” he murmurs, low against my lips. “I want to do this.”
“John Watson, isn’t it?” The older boy’s voice was smooth and posh, and John realized that he knew him: Mycroft Holmes, a seventh year.
John slipped the vial into his inner pocket, murmuring his thanks. It felt good to have it there, like a little live thing nestled close to his heart.
“I’ll have you, my beauty,” John growls against his throat. “Good and proper, I will. I’ll have you wailing for it.” He undulates his body so that his hips roll, pressing the naked rod of his erection against Sherlock’s clothed groin. Sherlock twists his hands free, but then isn’t sure what to do with them. John grins wickedly down at him, then kisses him again, hands moving to tuck beneath Sherlock’s back and shoulders.
Whatever may have happened to Aileen, it seems the rebellion is still in motion, because Henry Knight turns up just a couple of days later to entice Sherlock away to the moors.
He frowns.  “Did you do what you would have done if it were all real?”
“He looks taller on the TV, doesn’t he.”
The kettle behind me has long since boiled.  I switch it off, then seek my bed.
He gives the butt of the toy a couple of casual taps through the wet cotton, sending wild shocks through Sherlock’s interior, then pushes sideways on it so that it tilts inside him, and he feels it all over again, God,
“Later tonight, something is going to try to happen.  You are not going to let it.”
“No?” He’s looking awfully shifty all of a sudden, hiding behind his teacup. God, does he really not—
“So you were in seventh year potions? As a fifth year student? But what about N.E.W.T.s?”
“I want to kiss you.”
He swallows before he speaks. “Something I need to do,” he says.
Sherlock is still with it enough to settle into his own seat and put his ear defenders on. He closes his eyes and leans back. He grimaces when the rotors fire up, and when we lurch into the air, he lets his hand fall palm-up to the seat between us. It could be accidental, just his arm going limp as the sedative takes effect—but from the tension around his mouth, I doubt it. I set my hand in his, and his fingers interlace tightly with mine. He holds my hand that way, even in his sleep, all through the long flight home to our everyday lives. Home to London.
“Right,” is all John says, but Sherlock knows that he’s been heard.
“Make what easier?”
“The obvious thing is not a thing we’re going to do…right now.” It may be a bet, but I do have limits.
I pick up one of the phones. Holding it close to my body to shield the screen from view, I turn it on. Two icons show up on the screen, labeled “Blick” and “K2K”. Blick shows me two serial numbers. K2K shows a single red button. Try as I might, I can’t make anything of it.
“All yours, Inspector,” he purred, and John shivered against him as Lestrade drew near.
So John beat Sherlock briskly with the holly branch.  Sherlock raised his arms and threw his head back, breathing in deeply through his nose as John applied the holly up and down his back, chest, belly, and sides.  The sharp leaves raised pinpricks of red wherever they struck, but Sherlock seemed unaffected by the pain, evidently concentrating on whatever was behind his eyelids.
“Why are you talking so loud?” asked one of the students, derisively.
, Sherlock.  I won’t stay here with you unless you give me your word.”
Sherlock was looking at him. They were the only two people left. Since Eva Greene hadn’t shown up, they would never make up the number.
“Unsuccessfully,” I remind him, smiling a little smugly in the dark.
“You didn’t object,” she sniffs. “I’ve taken the liberty of putting some things into motion. The BBC people are pissing themselves over the chance to get a glimpse of you.”
“Sherlock, have you—“ I pause, words catching on the strangeness of the question. “Have you been to London before?”
He dressed and went downstairs, to find Sherlock bent over the kitchen table, which was covered in strange paraphernalia: magnifying lenses, glass bottles of unknown substances, a stone mortar, and a number of curious metal instruments.  In the center of it all was a broad disk of slate, on which Sherlock had sketched a few sigils in silver chalk.  Three small bowls were arranged on it, one of them giving off a thick, yellow smoke.
“Name’s Jack, actually.”
Sherlock is shaking his head before I even finish talking. “No, no. The media will have their circus either way. They’ll only get more obsessed the longer I stay out of the public eye.”
“Good,” said Sherlock. “I’ll see you, John.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrow. He twists in John’s arms and snakes a hand up between John’s legs, outside of his clothes. John cooperates, huffing a little, and Sherlock’s fingers do indeed encounter something firm and buzzy in his nether regions.
I give a genuine snort of laughter at that idea. He’ll know with a single glance, know that I’ve left him alone in the middle of a mental breakdown for a one night stand. Even if he really were invulnerable to emotions, the disloyalty in that would be apparent to reason alone. Besides, Irene said I had to stay with him.
“So did that really get you off, that business at the Yard?” John asked.
I’m probably rubbish at this, but I keep trying, glancing up at him now and then to see his reactions. At first he keeps the back of his hand against his mouth so I can’t see his face, but after a few minutes he shifts, gets his hand behind his head, looks down at me, his cheeks flushed, mouth red and hanging open a little, which gives me some courage. Then he gets his fingers into my hair, and I—oh, good, that is good, it makes something light up in me and I stop worrying about the mechanics and just feel him, all hot and ripe and open to me.
“And you, John Watson,” he said.  “What are you doing here?”
“Oh!” he said. The expression on his face did not have a name, but it was the one where the eyebrows go up and the corners of the mouth go down, and the head tilts to the side with a certain ironic flourish. A clownish sort of “Oh, I see!” expression.
“Sounds grueling,” John said.
“Come on,” John said. He lay back to let Sherlock roll between his legs. Sherlock twisted away for a moment and came back with his wand. He murmured a lubrication charm—John’s favorite of the several he knew—then tossed aside the wand and applied his amply slickened hand to John’s cock. After a few quick, delicious strokes, he slid his fingers back, and John moaned as they breached him.
Sherlock only grunts in reply.
You know what. -MH
“What might work?” said Lestrade, looking from one of them to the other in puzzlement.
“I want to show you something,” she says.
The whole thing feels strange, abstract, like one of those dreams where you’re at school but you haven’t been to class all year, and now it’s exam time and you’re lost.  The ground floor is unoccupied.  I push open the heavy steel fire door that leads to the stairwell, and go up.
“Don’t get married, John.”
I’m on my way home when I catch sight of Mycroft’s unmistakable storm-crow silhouette loitering out front of Speedy’s. This is unusual for him. Either he’s very certain that Sherlock isn’t watching the street, or he doesn’t care if he sees. He gestures me into the cafe. After our last one-on-one encounter, I’m none too sanguine about this meeting, but, as usual, I have little choice. At least we’re in Sherlock’s world, where I’ll be missed if anything happens to me.
“How did you—Where’s it all gone?”
“But do you really want to make some kind of media circus out of it? Can’t we just go back to normal sort of gradually?”
The fifth and final setting is the knot the knot
“For you to—I don’t know. Mentally prepare. Are you good?” John reached out to skim his fingertips over the back of Sherlock’s hand.
Because that’s what I’ve got to do, isn’t it? I’m now one of the most recognizable people on the planet. But fame, by itself, isn’t the problem. The problem is that a lot of people feel—some of them very passionately—that I have been complicit in wrongdoing concerning Sherlock Holmes. There’s been loads of media coverage of both Sherlock’s jump and the public’s reactions. For the most part, people are glad Sherlock got out, but there is a small, cultish minority who believe that I should have reacted differently when he promised to believe me, right at the end. And there are more than a few people who are saying—who have been saying, all along—that it was wrong for me to take advantage of Sherlock sexually. And then, of course, there is the general public’s condemnation of the entire concept of the show; hardly anyone
“About what? About this perfectly elementary kidnapping case?”
“Yeah,” John says. “I was hoping you might—if you’re not too…”
I’m not sure, at first, whether Mycroft suspects that the gas explosion is anything other than an actual failure of this fictional London’s public works department. But then he turns up at 221b and tries to get Sherlock
My mouth goes dry. “I’m not sure that’s really—I mean. You’re doing this? Really?”
John finished before Sherlock, and waited for him outside the classroom door. He looked rough when he came out, and met John’s gaze briefly with bruised-looking eyes before turning away again. But he allowed John to walk with him.
“Right.” She favors us with a blinding smile. “Lovely to have met you both. Now get some sleep, and just call me if you need anything else.”
“Oh,” John said. “Yes, sir. Actually—actually, I beg your pardon, sir, but might I have a word?”
“It’s a perfectly natural physical reaction,” I replied. It was three quarters nonsense, but I so badly wanted to relieve his anxiety. “I don’t mind.”
“You deactivated one of the cameras. Yes. The one with a view of the bed, luckily for all of us.”
The first page has the word STOP at the top, followed by an image of a government seal, followed by a short paragraph of text:
Sugar: dead end. Back to pure brain work, then. Oh, this case is a delight: chemistry, psychology, memory, a dash of hacking. Travel, which at least makes John happy. He has the answer singing in his grasp when John’s phone rings—Henry’s therapist. The game’s afoot. As he and John head for Dewer’s Hollow, his nerves hum and his thoughts race with the crystalline perfection that keeps him coming back again and again to this work, this high, this rush that sustains him when everything else turns to ashes.
There was a note attached to it, with instructions: shower, shave, insert (no artificial lube, take your time), dress normally, report to sitting room.
“Hmm, well, if that’s the way you want to play it,” Aileen says.  “The whole point of my being here is to divert his affections, you know.  Maybe it’ll be easier than I thought.”
Around dusk, the police arrive. Real police, and Army Reserve troops. Lights, helicopters, bullhorns blasting sharp commands. The riots are quelled. When the streets are passable again, they bring in buses to take everyone away, back to the real world.
With “legitimate” authorization from Mycroft, we get into Baskerville much more easily the second time. Of course, our fist visit was also actually completely authorized and planned for, but Sherlock, naturally, wasn’t to know. Round and round we go.
The reply comes back in less than a minute.
“Of course,” Sherlock rumbles, leaning into him, and John sighs and shivers a little. Sherlock nips him beneath the ear, and John gives a tiny gasp. “Bedroom, then? I’ve got loads of other stuff in that drawer.”
] It makes the creature loyal, allows it to be part of the magic in a way that you won’t ever be.”
“I’m glad it was with you,” he said.
“He’s dead.”
“That will do for tonight,” Sherlock said.  “Your bedroom is upstairs.  I suggest you settle in.”
“You like this,” he says.
whos going to stop me? :-)
“Naturally. It’s not as though you’ve much say in what happens.”
this to him. He
After a few moments of stillness, Sherlock levers himself up to take off his remaining clothes. I take the opportunity to swab my belly off a bit. Then Sherlock lies down again and tucks himself up under my arm, all naked now and warm and bare. I kiss his forehead, and he rubs his lips against my chest.
So, of course, we fight all the more, about anything and everything else. I wish I could move out. I wish I could tell him I’m not his enemy. I wish it didn’t feel as though I am. I wish I could snog the breath out of his too-smart, cutting, merciless mouth.
“I…I wrote it, actually,” Sherlock said in a small voice. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know it would do this to you.”
But when the three of them began casting it together, John knew it was going to be different. As they worked, their joined hands began to glow with a soft, golden light. A warm, tingling feeling started up in John’s palm, spreading to his fingertips and partway up his arm. It was unlike anything he had ever felt before. He was sharply aware of Sherlock’s presence on a level that was more than physical—and Snape’s presence, also. He found that he knew things about them—incredibly private things—but he couldn’t have put them into words. Maybe they could have been expressed by poetry, or music. It was as though he knew who they were: their hopes and fears, and why they were alive. As the spell crested, he felt overwhelmed with emotions: love, empathy, and profound respect.
“What’s that then?”
“To meet you, of course. And to get a glimpse of Himself. Looked like you had a bit of a tiff, in the lounge there. Trouble in paradise?”
“Bit obvious, am I?” he asked.
I’m used to seeing Sherlock at home.  I’ve seen him putter, and experiment, and sulk, and play his violin.  Most people consider these scenes to be the dullest parts of the show, but at the same time, almost everyone occasionally spends an hour or two just watching Sherlock do nothing in particular.  It can be a comfort to know that he’s out there, maybe engaged in some extraordinary new case, or maybe, in fact, feeling the same as you, bored or frustrated or needing a fix of some kind.
“My apologies,” he said. “I was…dreaming.” I could tell he was in some distress at my having caught him. Good lord, if he only knew!
“What would be the point?” Sherlock said to his book.
“Yes.  Hurry and get your coat.  And don’t forget your rowan twig.  Could be dangerous.”
I’m shaking. I’ve put too much of myself into getting here to turn back now. My finger is on the trigger. I could do it.
I type.
“Sherlock—“ I start, but I’m cut off by a blur of motion as he leaps up, quick as a cat, and pins me back against the wall with his hands on my shoulders. Heart racing, I knock his hands away and twist to evade him, but he grabs me by the wrists and slams me back again, pinning me with an arm across my chest. He crowds in close—foolishly close, open to a head-butt or a leg sweep or a half dozen other things, but he either doesn’t think I’ll hurt him or doesn’t care if I do. I rein in my adrenaline with an effort, because I really
, of course.  His struggles, his brilliance, his isolation.  Watching the show, it seems natural: the life of a genius.  But now that I’m here, with him, I realize how it must actually feel, and as Sherlock tucks happily into his food and tells me about Jeff Hope and soaks up my admiration like a bone-dry sponge, I start to feel pretty fucking terrible.  As we’re cracking our fortune cookies, Sherlock asks if I’m all right.  I tell him I’m just tired, joke about needing an orange blanket.  My fortune cookie says “A loaded gun can be the sword of justice.”
At the moment, however, John was looking as though he might be a little past the point of enjoying himself. How could Greg not be ready yet? If Sherlock were in there, they would both be practically finished by now. Then again, even as aroused as Sherlock was,
“Tell me something.”
“Eva’s parents were known Death Eaters. They served He Who Must Not Be Named during the years of terror.”
“Not these cigars,” he says. “
I also removed an ill considered sentence about the bathroom. Chekhov's bathroom. Didn't end up using it. Oh well.
His sensorium has settled down considerably since the fugue of last night. Looking back on it now, it’s obvious that he was under the influence of something. The effects were unlike anything he’s ever had before, but the shreds of chemical hangover remind him distantly of psilocybin mushrooms, which he tried once and detested. He has a certain sense of being psychically rubbed raw, ordinary sensations catching in the worn-thin fabric of his emotional barriers like fishhooks in gauze.
pleased. I take his hand, and he interlaces his fingers with mine on his chest.
“If you like,” Sherlock said, and so he took John around the room and told him what was what. John asked him what he was working on, and Sherlock described his ongoing potion experiments with increasing enthusiasm. John listened, and asked questions, and made suggestions, until he was struck silent by the dawning realization that this was the first time they had actually done
I get nervous on the way.  When I saw Mycroft at the crime scene, he didn’t give me even the faintest sign that he cared about my killing the cabbie one way or another.  I wasn’t really surprised; Sherlock would have easily picked up on anything weird between me and his brother.  I wonder how Mycroft can do this, simultaneously pull all the strings and then appear in Sherlock’s world, cool as ice.  He’s cool—or cold—in the real world, too…maybe that’s the secret.
John smiles blearily. “Sorry. Must be the sleep deprivation.” He gazes out the train window, the gray daylight highlighting the dark circles under his eyes. “So, haunted house. You usually turn down the paranormal freak cases. Something special about this one?”
“Can I lick you?” he asks.
“This has been the best year of my life,” John said.
that spoon, and I can’t look away, and we’re both giggling, flushed up with alcohol and sugar.
“Mycroft, I would
“Molly.”
“No it’s...fine,” Sherlock said, inscrutably.  Then, without warning, he turned away.  He went quickly into his bedroom and shut the door, leaving John to wonder what had happened.
Eventually we pay our bill and head for upstairs.
I lock the door and sit down to wait out the riots. After a few stupefied hours, my brain turns on again, and I realize I need to make some calls, some arrangements. I don’t have anywhere to go in the outside world. Baker Street has been my only home for the past year and half, but that’s all over, now.
“Yes,” he whispers. “Don’t stop.” I start to move my hand, but he grabs it and moves it to his waist. His shirt is rucked up, the skin smooth as paper under my touch. I shiver against him.
“Thank you, but—“John bit back an angry refusal, took a deep breath. “I’d like to sleep on it, if you don’t mind.”
“But—“ and this is me. Everyone turns to look. I try not to shift in my seat. “But don’t you think this is worse, in a way? Making him wonder, making him doubt himself? You saw what happened in Grimpen; he was panicking.”
“I’ll take my chances,” John said. “Besides, I’ve got a shift scheduled. Too late to get out of it now, even if I
“Oh for Christ’s sake,” Sherlock starts, and he’s right on the brink of actually getting up to go and find the thing when John
“Yes,” Sherlock said, “they do.”
When the class period ended, John was relieved to find that he had reached the end of the instructions, and his potion was ready to steep. Snape had not been joking when he said that time would be tight. Even more comforting: Sherlock’s mixture looked the same as John’s, like a large glass jar full of rather dirty honey. John jogged to catch up with Sherlock as they left the class.
“And how do you know you can trust me?” John asked.
Sherlock looks significantly toward the partition. The employee looks blank.
Being round, the room is cozy, cluttered, disordered in that useful, welcoming way, as though everything one might need would be just at hand. And what might Holmes and Watson need? Well: books, certainly. A worn rug in shades of brown and gold. Two fat armchairs drawn close to the hearth; a writing desk; a table strewn with implements; shelves and glass cases full of objects and ingredients perhaps not best suited to storage in a habitable room, but, if they are dangerous, then what better place to keep them than here under their keepers’ watchful eyes? A pensieve, acquired years before by Holmes in repayment for a  favor. A large, comfortable, velvet-curtained bed. A violin. A goblin’s skull. A genie’s shoe. A tall wooden wardrobe and an iron-bound chest. For light, there are candles (the good kind that don’t burn down), which float in a flock near the peak of the roof, unless summoned, as well as a glass globe suspended over the worktable, where Sherlock casts an illumination charm when he needs good light for working.
“Well, she’s right that we’ve got to do something. We can’t just lie low until someone discovers us, which they inevitably will.”
With a glad heart I obliged him. We stayed in our nest until the light of dawn seeped in through the tiny window, and then I extricated myself, put on my clothes, and went back to Baker Street alone to fetch something for Holmes to wear. When I returned to the garret (on the sufferance of the little old Italian man, who did not in the least appreciate my reappearance at his door), I found Sherlock awake, crouching in the light of the window with our blanket wrapped around his naked shoulders like a cloak. He was examining a small object in the palm of his hand.
“You won’t read it, will you?” Joanie asked.
“Then you are made of sterner stuff than I,” he said. “But needs must when the devil drives.”
John shows all the signs of a bad hangover when he finally gets up. He works his way slowly through a boiled egg and two cups of coffee and gives no indication that he remembers anything unusual about the preceding night. Not that Sherlock expected anything else.
John said nothing, conscious of a flexing muscle in his jaw.
“I’m close,” John breathed. “Oh, slow, slow down.” He used his grip in Sherlock’s hair to still him, and Sherlock looked up at him questioningly.
, said a small, nasty voice in John’s head. Sherlock had only ever wanted to study, after all. Was it possible he had been using John? Was it possible that he didn’t need John anymore, now that the difficult part of the Panacea Potion was finished?
That was four minutes ago, now.
He kisses my hand before he goes. The game, it would seem, is on.
“Can I?”
hard, his cock pushed sideways by the elastic of his pants. I squeeze and press and stroke; he gasps in my ear, hips undulating, close already—
“But I shouldn’t have done it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He stepped into the center of the circle, and John had little choice but to do as he asked, again striking him all over with the wickedly sharp leaves.  Again Sherlock stood in the circle and produced that outflowing wave, which raised gooseflesh as it traveled over John’s skin, touching every inch of his body as though he had passed through the surface of a pool of water.  The sensation left him strangely dizzy, and he found himself watching dumbly as Sherlock walked toward him and took the holly branch from his hand, tossing it into the fireplace.
“Watson,” Snape said. “What is it?”
“Something like that,” said Sherlock, and grimaced.
With the trial concluded, albeit in such a disconcerting fashion, Sherlock settles down enough for us to resume physical relations. We have reasonably good if somewhat perfunctory sex a couple of times, but about a week or so in, things take a turn.
We play out a scene, improvising, but Irene twists the conversation around, and when I hear her text arrive on Sherlock’s phone, she’s just finished implying, over my strident denials, that
“I think you wanted a human familiar,” John continued.  “But since that’s not allowed, you decided you’d try just having someone around who could do what a familiar would do, without the added trouble of the formal relationship.”
“A case?”  John asked.  “What do you mean?”
“Rowan berries in the windows, Sherlock?  Ivy on the door?  Those things won’t protect you, not against someone who really wants to do you harm.”
“All right?” I ask.
The first will be represented by the Bank. This is the payroll department, the financial account information of everyone involved and the systems by which they are paid. You get paid a lot to be on Sherlock, and you get addicted to the money. Mycroft counts on it. Control the drug and you control the addict. Hack into payroll, and you pull the strings.
“Yeah, it’s…hmm. Sensitive. Different.” John’s hand fell to his own cock. Sherlock took this as permission to go on, and so he did, pushing and stroking and stretching while John rubbed slow circles over his glans, breathing unsteadily through his nose. Sherlock had worried that John’s prostate would be hard to find, but no, it was there, not even terribly deep inside, and it made John twitch and moan when Sherlock touched it. Surely that was a mark of success. Even if John didn’t enjoy going further, this ought to be added to their repertoire for certain.
“Yes.” We stand in silence for a while.
“As if I wouldn’t have done it anyway!” Billy chimes in, exasperated. “I’d’ve been happy to help. I love Sherlock.” It’s not clear whether he means the show or the person. “It’s really going downhill, you ask me. First they toy with his heart, and now threats of violence. My gran applied to be an extra, you know, and it was layers on layers of background checks, very professional, and now this, such a rush job, just bullying the whole town into helping, and they only had time to install the VRS in the one room.”
The idea of Brunhilde’s Beatific Blessing was more than a bit vague, or so John had always felt. It was just a kind of…well, an infusion. Of luck, or well-being, or virtue. It wasn’t a prayer to God or any other being, as far as John could tell, but “blessing” was a good name for it, nevertheless. It had never occurred to John that it could be used in a healing context, partly because it was really quite a minor spell. It took a long time to cast, and when you finished, the only visible effect was a tiny pop of golden light. You couldn’t tell whether the thing you had cast it on was any better than it had been before. One of John’s aunts was known to use it all the time, and she was regarded by the rest of the family as a superstitious loon.
“You don’t feel left out?” asked John.
“This way.” He takes my hand again and pulls me sideways to a barred gate across the mouth of an alley. He vaults over it with his usual agility, and I follow with somewhat less grace. I’m halfway over when someone grabs at my trouser leg. I kick out, feel my foot connect with something solid, and the tugging stops. I make it over just as the sirens go quiet, two police cars pulled up in the road we’ve just escaped from. There’s nobody on this side of the gate. Sherlock grabs my hand and we pelt down the alley together.
“We’re speaking now, aren’t we?”
“Nor I,” I said. “I was convinced that your pleasures were confined to the intellectual sphere.”
I wake from swelling, cresting dreams to the sound of Sherlock playing his violin. It’s still early. I could go downstairs; surely he expects it. I could go down and just sit and listen, and he might smile at me in that sidelong way he has, the music never faltering, and then the piece would end and he would set down his instrument and come to me and we’d—
“It isn’t that,” John said. “Or not exactly. But if it’s out there, I want—I want to
“My dear Watson, it is quite simple,” he replied, a tone of menace creeping into his voice.  “I shall know where you live.”
Bare footsteps pad across the floor.
ends up getting put off slightly. Both of us need the loo, and Sherlock decides to clean his teeth, and I decide it would only be polite to do the same, especially since the en suite is a palatial affair with two sinks. So we attend to our ablutions side by side, as though we’ve been doing it that way for years, as though it hasn’t been nearly a year since we were properly together. Sherlock finishes before me, and when I get out he’s already undressed and under the covers, with the curtains drawn and one bedside lamp glowing warmly.
As the miles slip by, a cold place yawns open inside him, dark and void, sinking down deeper and emptier with every word he reads, every image that swims across his vision. He can feel it there, beckoning, but he doesn’t wish to look into it just now, so he avails himself of a little trick that he’s used several times before. He puts the abyss into a little broom closet in his mind palace, locks the door, and throws away the key.
“The devil drives us all,” I said. “But I am at your service.”
anything, who just bends and bends and just won’t stand firm no matter how Sherlock pushes him.
. But beige? Aggressively neutral. Non-threatening. Suited for the satisfaction of workaday biological necessities.
, I try to say. Should say. Mean to say. But instead I’m getting my free hand up into Sherlock’s hair, pulling him down, kissing him harder. He
Moriarty.  The memory stick.
The notes probably have no bearing on the case, but Sherlock pockets them all the same, as a curiosity. Perhaps John will get a laugh out of them.
“Is it true you knew her before?”
He needs more sleep, these days, since Serbia, but at the same time, it’s harder to come by. Apparently he’s no longer young.
“But why, John?” she asked again. “You’ve been so successful here. We’ll be really sorry to lose you.”
“Why? Did you not like it?”
“Galvanized nailheads,” he murmurs. “No discoloration.”
Lady Stoner is waiting for them when they return.
“What is that song?” he asked again.
“Aileen is dead.”
“Well if he were willing to work with us, then why was he hiding in a disappeared garage in Croydon?”
“Please say yes,” he murmurs against my lips, and then kisses my cheek, my ear, my jaw. I’m panting, drowning, and God, not here, not
A long pause. “No,” John says.
, but it’s…doable.
Panopticon.  Why that word?  What is Moriarty trying to tell him?
“God, Sherlock,” John moaned. Sherlock’s eyes fluttered up for a moment as he bobbed his head on John’s cock—rather expertly, if John was any judge. He clearly hadn’t limited himself to wanking for all this time. Who had been his first? John wondered. Who had taught him this, who had pulled his hair? How old had he been when he lost his awkwardness and turned into this gorgeous creature?
“Essentially,” Sherlock agreed.  “Though cats and magpies are sentient as well, in their own way, but--anyhow, the point is that it’s no longer the done thing among the right sort of magician.”
“No need to be quiet my dear,” he says. “You’ll be caterwauling before I’m done with you. Let me hear that lovely voice while I frig you, come on now.”
God, it was ridiculous, they were pouring it on too thick, and yet it was
like this. The breath goes out of me. The cup clatters in the sink.
“You want to help me take the edge off before he gets here?” John asked. “Cause I’m…really…”
“Thank you, Headmistress,” John said.
“Oh, Jack,” he sighs. “Do you really think you still have any claim on Sherlock Holmes?”
“I know you have the remote.” His voice is very nearly steady.
John sighed deeply. “Yeah. That’s more or less what I was going to say.”
John eats. Sherlock watches. What is one supposed to say?
,” Sherlock flapped a hand toward the upended cauldron. “Just a thing. Bit of fun. Makes people glowy, though, haven’t been able to solve that.”
“Yeah,” Sherlock says, but it comes out faint and breathy.
“Ah, no,” he says, “No. Thank you. We couldn’t possibly trouble you any further.” John shoots him an irritated look, but doesn’t press.
“Nice of you to join us, Mr. Watson,” Snape intoned, but he didn’t fail John on the spot, which might mean there was still a chance he could save the Panacea Potion.
Sherlock is all but licking the poison capsule.
Sherlock sniffed.  “If you like.  You must see the dilemma, though: even if I had some sort of bird or beast taking up space, it wouldn’t be able to whack me with holly branches.  I’d need an assistant.  Someone I could trust.”
“Just the one room?” I ask, trying not to sound too interested.
to sound angry. “What did you do?”
“I dunno, John,” she said. “Could have been some Muggle thing for all we know.”
“Sherlock,” I start.  “I just don’t think it’s.  It’s not a good idea.”
It takes me a second to parse.
“Yeah,” John said, breathless. “Okay. I—oh, God, I’m meeting with McGonagall in ten minutes. I guess I’d better—“
The ocean is stupidly blue. I wipe stupid salt water from my face while John is talking.
“In brief, Sherlock.”
We visit our flat, my new home in TV Land, and then we’re in a not-real cab, and Sherlock deduces everything about me except the one thing that matters, and then there’s a dead woman, and, oh, yes, she is
“…Yes.”
“Then I got better at wanking,” Sherlock said, and John laughed, loud and genuine, as Sherlock slid down the bed and set to work removing John’s trousers. He was still giggling when Sherlock took his cock in his mouth, and his laugh slid away into a groan. Sherlock sucked John deep once, just to get his attention, and then pulled off.
“God, we have to stop, people are looking.”
I make a noncommittal gesture. If it were me, I’d rather have the bandage ripped off all in one go. But Sherlock…maybe. I’m not sure.
“You seem nervous,” John said. He stroked Sherlock’s cheek, and Sherlock leaned into the touch, breathing deeply of John’s bewitching scent. Who wouldn’t want him?
“So why now?  What are you trying to achieve with this?”
Sherlock is out in the yard, talking to a young man with a painted sign. Gary is behind the bar. I’d originally planned to just come down and ask for a different room, but, God, I could really use a pint.
“Course not,” John said. “I’ll take it to her as soon as she wakes up.”
Nine minutes since he started inserting it, with no supplementary lubrication allowed or, in fact, required.
“That could be relevant,” John says, filling the silence. “If someone knew you had a creepy feeling about this picture, it would be good material for trying to scare you.”
“I want a butterbeer,” said a boy in the back. “Can we get going?”
“Laugh all you like,” she says. “It was never explained. Of course I’d be just as happy to believe that someone is simply playing a trick on me, but the police have been no help in finding out who, or how.”
and kissed him tenderly all through it, and John said
“In any case, you can’t protect him from this. We were rather hoping to get you on our side, in fact.”
I squeeze my eyes shut against his innocence, take a moment just to breathe. Then I pull my fingers out of his waistband and touch the clothed ridge of his erection.
Sherlock nods. We cross Park Lane at Stanhope Gate and make a right into the park. Nobody follows us. We pass by the statue of Achilles, then wend our way along tree-lined paths to the Serpentine. Globe-shaped lamps light our path and cast yellow glints across the dark water as we stroll quietly along the lakeside. There are a few other walkers and joggers out and about, but, as Sherlock would say, they see us yet do not observe, and we have an illusion of privacy. On the bridge that crosses over to Kensington Gardens, we pause to look back along the water, where a few faint stars are glimmering through high, shreddy veils of cloud above the bright lights of the city.
“Well, I’ll tell you what I think,” he says. “I think Brook is going to do it. He’s tied my hands completely and he’s going to get Sherlock out. Denial would be pointless and counterproductive. So, what I’m thinking about now is: what happens after?” He pauses, hands clasped under his chin, and fixes me with a serious look. “I’d advise you to think about that, too.”
, and here's
“You look a bit stiff,” John observes. “Everything okay?”
“I want to,” John said. He crossed over to the seat beside Sherlock, close enough that their clothes brushed together. Sherlock watched him, open mouthed. John’s heart beat hard in his chest. He had no idea whether Sherlock was interested in boys or girls or
“What?” said John, groping for words. “Just like that? Why not, if I may ask?”
“You really were amazing,” he says, and his eyes are darting over my face, as though looking for some sort of answer.  The nearness of him is startling.  His lips look very red in the wan kitchen light, and his eyes are ethereal.  I clear my throat.
“So a human would be superior?”  He was hoping to catch Sherlock out, and he succeeded even better than he had expected.
A curious fellow, John thought, touching his chin.  What a curious fellow, indeed.[ Too anachronistic?]
John paused.  Why
“Want to come with you in me,” he says, against my lips, and of course I need no further invitation.
.” He let out a long groan, and Sherlock could just hear Greg’s moan of satisfaction as he—surely—sank his cock into John’s inflamed and dripping wet hole. Sherlock moaned and stroked himself fast, feeling for both of them at once.
, because I’ve been privy to his whole life, and he’s never kissed anyone on screen,
Sherlock put down the instrument hurriedly and came to the bed.
I picked up one of the blankets and laid it down on the pallet, then guided Holmes to lie down, which he did without complaint, curling up on himself like a child. I tucked the other two blankets over him, then set about removing my own clothes.
, forever—
“Good enough,” John said. “See you later, then.” He bent to give Sherlock a quick kiss on the cheek before leaving.
But then things get rather strange. I get stuck in the lab somehow, card reader’s not working, bright lights in my face, something howling. Pulse racing, palms sweating, and I know it’s not real, I
So John went to meet the headmistress—Minerva—at her family’s estate outside of Edinburgh. She asked him many questions this time, including some rather probing ones about his relationship with Sherlock. They had a long conversation, and at the end of it John felt reasonably optimistic. Sure enough, a few weeks before the start of term, a letter came offering him the position. He accepted, and he and Sherlock celebrated with dinner out and a night of quite spectacular sex.
He brandishes his solution, making up a story about the phone being her heart, as that seems to fit with what everyone assumes has been the plot so far.
“She—what?” I haven’t thought too much about where the gun came from. I’d assumed that Sherlock sent it, or Brook.
“Oh my God! Sherlock, what are we going to do? Maybe we can get somebody to do ours after they finish their own?”
“A door,” Sherlock said simply.  “The carvings are Ogham script, describing how to use it.”
. A pink one was
I take an exceptionally bitter mouthful of beer. Gary picks up the thread of conversation next.
My lips open to him in defiance of all rational thought, and he gives a little inhale of surprise. Recovering, he presses his advantage, and now we come to the part where his tongue is in my mouth, though not in any vulgar, teen-aged way. He comes in gently, curious, decorous. Churlish to refuse. I let my tongue-tip touch his, just at the threshold, then retreat. He follows and, God, but he is
Sherlock’s breath quickens. The heat of his hands leaves me and he fumbles for a moment in the bedside drawer—no big deduction there.
John’s gaze is on his food, on the paper, on the table. Oh. Oh, damn. Sherlock takes a deep breath so that he’s fully prepared when John looks at him at last.
“That will do,” he said suddenly.  “Please step outside the circle now.  Over there.”  He flicked a finger toward one corner of the room without opening his eyes or lowering his arms.  John went where he was told, then waited to see the rest of the proceedings.
“What could possibly happen?” But his fingers shift a little in my grip, thumb stroking over the back of my hand.
“Your phone rang twice five minutes ago, and you’ve been surreptitiously texting ever since. This is normally when you take your break, and someone’s obviously expecting to talk to you. A romantic interest, judging by the way you blushed just now. Why not step outside and call them back? John and I are more than capable of lying down on beds.”
Over the summer, John went along with Sherlock to stay in the flat that he still kept in London. He briefly considered refusing, in order to put up a show of self-sufficiency, but Sherlock convinced him without much trouble. They also took an actual holiday and went to look at castles and sea caves and drink port in Portugal—Molly’s idea—and came back nut-brown and shagged out and perhaps permanently hung over. It was around the time of their return that Professor McGonagall sent John a letter offering him a chance to re-interview for the position of Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts.
John had known that war would change him. But the thing that hurt the most, he thought, on a particularly brazen and luscious autumn day, was that he was still himself. If he were someone else, perhaps he could have moved on, sorted things out, found a new place in the world. But instead he was only himself: spell-shocked, too jumpy to serve as an Auror in peacetime, but with no idea how to be anything else. With his pension and a new wand (alder, eleven inches, phoenix feather, unyielding), he lived in London—the last place he had been happy, if only for a little time. He sought no work, and had none. As often as not he wandered the streets, looking for something, though he hid from himself what it was.
“Can I—can I tell you about it?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fine,” Sherlock spat, at last.  He took a deep breath.  “John.  May I please collect some of your earwax for a spell I’m working on?  I’m afraid nothing else will quite do.”
At first it seemed like they wouldn’t get anywhere, like all of his careful preparations had been undone by John’s tensing up. Sherlock took firm hold of his cock with one hand to stop it slipping out of alignment, and redoubled his efforts, and, oh, there,
“Turn over,” John says, and it’s John’s voice, so Sherlock does. John flings back the bedclothes, the chill air like a balm on the overheated skin of Sherlock’s legs and buttocks. He refuses to think ahead. If it’s too much he can always stop it.
There was closeness between the brothers, back in the early days. They would sit cuddled together on the sofa in a pool of yellow light, and Mycroft would read to him. He loved
“I do sell a lot of these over here. Medium pillow top over a firm base.”
“Yes you have. I can smell it on you. Didn’t think the case was as boring as all that.”
. This explains the missing painting.”
John’s investigation of the outbuildings has not been particularly fruitful. They go into the village for the evening to collect gossip, and this, at last, produces some leads. There’s a developer, a man called Nigel St. Paul, who would like to acquire Stoke Moran in order to build some blocks of flats. That could be a motive for trying to scare Lady Stoner off. Better yet, there’s a connection between St. Paul and Lady Stoner’s late father. Sherlock resolves to speak to him the next morning.
“Christ,” I moan, as I finally get the inside door of Baker Street against my back.  “Christ, I really thought we were done for.”
“How long?”
Sherlock laughed. “Not too badly.”
“Sherlock, you had better tell me everything.
“Wait,” I say, grabbing for his sleeve, but he whirls, turns my momentum against me, and when I get myself right again I’m facing down the barrel of my own gun.
Sherlock opens his eyes again with the sensation that no time has passed, but his window is bright with early sun, and he is alone. Sore and soiled, he takes a long shower. He remembers what happened and what didn’t happen. He turns the whole thing over in his mind. Psychology could explain it, he imagines—PTSD, stress, psychosis, multiple personalities. That kind of thing. But he keeps seeing in his mind those secretive eyes, that flicker of motion, that figure where no figure should be. That voice that spoke, right at the last. And he never showed John the letters.
He sounds almost wistful. I need to get to where I can see his face, so I sit down at the other end of his L-shaped sofa. He regards me serenely.
limp.  It’s been deleted.  It was never real, anyway; a phantom injury, a phantom pain.  Sherlock has restored me to myself.  The lie of pain has been revealed, truth restored.  Jack Wilson or John Watson—one of the two—is now a little more real.
My mouthful of coffee goes rogue, and I gulp and sputter.  Greg thumps me on the back, which doesn’t help at all, but does give me a moment to compose myself.
“Point is, it was quite clear that anything could happen. So,” Lestrade shrugged, “I’m not bothered. In point of fact, I had quite a nice time.” He grinned, and Sherlock felt again that spark of attraction. Surely it wasn’t — no. No, he did
“Maybe,” Mycroft says. “Maybe not. But even if you’re right, think of Sherlock. What state will he be in, hmm? Will he be happy in his newfound freedom?”
“I’m not sure what you’re implying,” John said levelly.  If this tosser was trying to suggest that he and Sherlock had some kind of weird sexual arrangement--
Who would play a killer on
“John, surely,” I said. I shifted and opened my thighs a little so that his prick slipped between them. Then I squeezed my legs together to make a channel for him.
“Need you to fuck me,” John breathed. He was playacting a little, Sherlock thought, but there was a desperate hitch in his voice that he didn’t have the skill to fake. Not that there was any reason for him to be faking; Sherlock had made very sure that his lust would be at fever-pitch, and John was clearly quite turned on by the idea of playing the much desired object of every Alpha who caught wind of him. Sherlock lowered his pajama bottoms to free his straining cock.
John peered at his face, trying to see his eyes.  It wasn’t that his eyes were invisible, it was just--what color were they?  It seemed he looked at them, but couldn’t see them.
“This is our file on Irene Adler,” Mycroft says. He pushes a thick plastic packet across the table, stuffed with papers. A dark bulge proves to be Irene’s phone. “I want you to show it to Sherlock, and give him some news.”
I release his cock. “Still all right?”
He chews and swallows. “Why not?” he says at last, flatly.
“I’m sorry?”  said John.  “What do you mean?”
“Nearly dinner time, I guess,” John said. “Do you want to meet again tomorrow? I’ve got free after Herbology, at one.”
I slide my hand slowly across the fine skin of his belly, skate across the pucker of his navel in the dark. His abs are tense beneath thin skin. Trailing up, I find the flare of his ribs, the surprising, spare flatness of his pectorals. I lay my palm against his chest, feeling how close his heart is to the surface here, beating almost as fast as mine. He gives a wordless hum and wriggles back against me. Nestled up against the very bottom of his back, my cock gives a hopeful throb. I bite my lip, wondering if Sherlock can feel it. At least he isn’t pulling away. I let my thumb scrape across his nipple, just to see what will happen, and he gives a tiny gasp, tensing almost imperceptibly. I do it again, and his breath comes out just gently shaded with a moan.
When we left off before, we’d been…experimenting. Just with fingers. For a guy with an adventurous sex life and a medical degree, I’ve had surprisingly little experience with prostate stimulation—mine or anyone else’s. Turns out I like it well enough. Sherlock, on the other hand, likes it very well indeed, which makes giving it to him quite a wonderful experience.
“This is Sherlock Holmes,” Mike Stamford whispered, and John found himself propelled forward by a gentle shove.  He was just clearing his throat, debating how to introduce himself, when the apparition spoke.
“I’ve been looking for you,” John says again. “Chilly, isn’t it?” As though to absorb more of Sherlock’s warmth, he burrows and writhes against him in the bed, breathing hotly against his neck and shoulder.
, slowly is not how we should go. We should not go at all. We will not go at all.
Lestrade shows his palms, as though approaching a nervous animal. “It turns out we need you to answer a few more questions back at the station.”
With a wordless snarl, Sherlock yanked out his hand and spun John around by the hips. John got to work lowering his jeans while Sherlock unfastened his own trousers. His cock sprang out hard and ready, and then his focus narrowed to John, only John, and John’s sweet, slick, open, shivering body. He pushed in to the hilt immediately, and John muffled a cry against his wrist. John couldn’t spread his legs much to brace himself, so Sherlock held him up, grinding him against the hard surface of the door, fucking him with long, sure strokes that let John feel every inch of the cock he so desperately needed.
“Besides, it takes a certain kind of spell to make a familiar.  The magician has to put a little bit of himself into it, a little bit of his soul. [ If bits of John are going into Sherlock’s spells, maybe Sherlock is John’s familiar in some sense…
and Aesop’s Fables. But, for obvious reasons, a poison came into their relationship. Maybe Sherlock sensed something. Maybe Mycroft couldn’t live with himself. There was a chill that spread and spread, until they couldn’t stand the sight of one another. So Mycroft withdrew to observe from afar.
“Very well, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Watson, I will assist you with your potions, assuming you are prepared.”
Sorry about the hiccup in the posting schedule! Real life got weird for a couple of days there.
“He’s...what
“No time to explain,” he says. “Taxi!”
I’m not answering him. Not Mycroft, not about that. He raises his eyebrows at my silence.
. Don’t let Mycroft have that phone.”
“God, let’s,” John said. He used his grip to tip Sherlock’s head back, and grazed his lips and teeth over the exposed, soft skin of his throat. Sherlock made that sound again, his adams-apple bobbing, and John had to just close his eyes and breathe for a moment.
“It does possess one or two features of interest,” Sherlock says. “Also—“ He stops himself.
“Yes. Not having any of them. Thank you.”
He manages to hide his reaction from both of them when Plummer hands him the plane ticket, but he can’t help the way his hands go clammy. He hates planes. Really,
Not that I’m doing any better. Well, fuck.
“Oh, that
“You’d have told him straight away,” Mycroft says, musing. “So why haven’t you done it? Why not do it right now? You can use my phone.”
As it turns out, John is not up. Sherlock picks up the violin from its stand and begins to play. He starts with a bit of a rather sweet Bach cello piece, then moves seamlessly into the
“He did seem quite vivid.”
“What do you mean?”
It’s 2:38 on a Wednesday afternoon in March, 76 degrees fahrenheit and clear. We’re at our California house, escaping the dregs of the dreary English winter. John is swimming and I am lying on a chaise lounge in the shade of a row of fan palms, reading the newspaper on a tablet. If I cared to, I could look down on the Pacific Ocean some 200 feet below, but I do not. I am unspeakably bored.
he says again.
Chaos. With its linchpin pulled, Sherlock’s London descends almost instantaneously into utter lawlessness.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Whatever he does, whatever he says, this can only end one way.
Speaking of that, I have done the calculations and am happy to report that the Panacea Potion does not need anything from us over the holiday, thank heaven for small mercies. I would not put it past our prof. I still can’t believe he assigned us reading.
I lick him, first, just to explore, and the salt-tang taste is hardly noticeable compared to the silk-slick smoothness of the head of his cock, the inviting roundness of it. He gives a tiny, sharp inhale, his belly fluttering, just a fingertip resting on my shoulder now as his hand thinks of lifting. Then I take him in my mouth, awkward, mouth too full and that damned curve interfering; it must feel like all teeth. He is ambiguously tense. I try for shallower penetration, and that seems better. He gives a raspy inhale when I seal my lips beneath the flare of the glans, a muffled moan when I swirl my tongue around. Then he’s quiet, his breathing shallow and uneven.
“Have you had a chance to look over those dossiers I sent you? The personal assistants?”
“Certainly not.  That
“Shit,” I say.  Then, as things sink in: “
“Well, I’m applying for an apprenticeship at Saint Mungo’s after I graduate, and I was wondering if you might be able to write me a letter of reference.”
“Hmm?  Oh, yes, fine.  Fine.  John,” he looks up at me suddenly, as though only just remembering I’m there, then tears his eyes away again, looking everywhere, at the walls at the ceiling.  Finally managing to catch my breath, I push myself away from the door and make it as far as the kitchen, where I switch the kettle on.  When I turn around, Sherlock is in front of me, close enough that I have to take a step back and run into the worktop.
“What now?”
Sherlock’s tongue is in my mouth.
Instead of waiting for Lestrade to come back, Sherlock went out to wait for John at the door. It was not
“John.” His voice is so close and vivid compared to that spare, lonely figure on the rooftop. “I’m on the roof of Bart’s.”
John released him at last with a smack and buried his face in the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, still lying on top of him. “Fucking hell,” he said, still breathless. “Christ, Sherlock, that was wild, you’ve no idea.”
“Huh. As usual,” John said, and took a sip of his beer. “What about it?”
Sherlock jumped in June.
“Yeah,” Sherlock said, landing a last sucking kiss beside John’s navel. “I suppose I should—I don’t know. Hide? Where do you want me?”
I remember Sherlock’s childhood. He was just eight when they put him on TV. He lived with his brother at first, in their family’s big, empty house in the country. The show was kind of a cult thing in the early days; it was broadcast by a studio that was known for their edgy projects. There was a lot of public debate about whether it was ethical or not, but Mycroft…handled it somehow, I was too young to understand the details. Before long the show got hugely popular, and they sent Sherlock to a boarding school for a year to get him out of the way while they worked on building “London” for him. He hated school—we only got to see bits and pieces, but it was obvious. Then they moved him into his city, where he finished his studies on his own and grew into the mantle of Sherlock Holmes. Mycroft lived with him at first, but they parted ways when Sherlock came of age.
“Good luck,” he says. I shove the helmet down on Sherlock’s head. He immediately tries to shove it off again, but I hold it in place.
Without shifting his attention, he pulls a little grey card out of his inner pocket and holds it out to me.
“Yeah,” says John, again. He never is very eloquent, in this state.
He ponders the twin phones: the original, and the duplicate he filched from Mycroft’s file on the Woman. He keeps them locked up in a drawer together. Whoever is watching, it seems clear that They know he has one phone, but not that he has two. This allows him to take out one phone or the other when he wants a look. The second phone is indeed wiped clean. It still turns on, but there’s no passcode, and no software or data beyond the original factory settings.
“Let them look,” he says, though he does sober up a bit. “We can go home and pull down the shades and let them all go stuff themselves.”
” Sherlock cried. The wand popped obediently out of John’s hand, and he sat down heavily, heart pounding in his throat.
John’s breath ran out on a long exhale as Sherlock’s hand wrapped around his cock and he swelled to sudden hardness, right there on a bare mattress in a boring shop with Sherlock grinding up against his backside.
Inside, I hear Lestrade’s voice coming from upstairs. I go up, and the two of them fill me on the case: a kidnapping. Greg gives me not the slightest flicker of a hint about what’s going on, and then we’re off to a posh boarding school to investigate.
Sherlock
Gregson runs a hand through his bristly hair, frustrated. “It wasn’t only what happened this morning. He’s not happy with having had to send you boys out here.”
Instead of answering him, I slide out of my seat and take the packet upstairs to Sherlock.
He opens the file in his mobile PDF viewer.  The government seal and fake warning message appear once again.  He swipes them aside.
Naturally, I follow him. As soon as I hear the outer door closing, I run out of the empty flat and out into the street. But it’s no good: the crowd has found us out. The street is full of people, though not quite so many as the main road where we jumped over the gate. I suppose the intent of this tactic is either to impede Sherlock’s progress or to have enough eyes on him that his trajectory can be extrapolated, but it has all too clearly backfired, as Sherlock has disappeared amid the throng. Probably just took his coat off and changed his gait, and the average idiot was too unobservant to take any notice.
“Hmm?”
It’s much easier to enter him, this time, and he gives a deep, satisfied groan, nearly in unison with me. He pulls me down hard against him before giving me space to move, and then it’s just a few fast, hard thrusts before he’s moaning, coming slick and wet between our bellies with his head pressed back against the pillow.
“Oh,” Sherlock said.
“No,” Sherlock agreed, and kissed him again. The kiss turned heated, this time, and John got his hands up into Sherlock’s hair—another thing he’d pictured doing a thousand times. It was every bit as silky and grabbable as he had imagined, but what he hadn’t imagined was the little sound Sherlock made in his throat, the way his whole body sparked up and shivered against John’s. John tugged again, and Sherlock broke the kiss with a gasp and pressed his lips to the side of John’s neck.
Well then. It’s. God, Sherlock is out of his depth.
“This better?” I ask against his lips.
He withdraws his finger and unbends himself from between my thighs—I hear his knee joint pop, must have been getting a bit cramped down there. He slides up warm against me, and I roll to my side to kiss him, his hot cheek, his red mouth, his hands curled on my chest, my thumb at his temple. I could gather him all up in a bundle. Want to hold him completely, touch him everywhere at once.
“Huh. Yes.”
hate it. I already hate it.”
“Is it…God, did Brook do this?”
Greg doesn’t answer, but he looks as hopeless as I’ve ever seen him.
, by those eyes he could not clearly see in the dimness[ Find a chance to talk more about this].
“What are you up to?” John said sleepily from his pillow.
“I want you to be scared shitless,” he says, showing no emotion beyond the frank desire to communicate.  “I want you to know that I give zero
On the way, he pauses to examine a partition on which several paintings are hung.
“C’mere.”
“Hah, no. I only mean—why me?”
“Sherlock.” He crouches down beside me. I look out toward the sea—surprisingly blue, actually—but he turns my face toward him with a finger on my chin. (His eyes are also surprisingly blue.) “Sherlock, I know you’re bored to death. I know you think nobody will believe you, but you can’t go on like this forever. You’ve got to solve crimes. It’s what you do.”
“Mm, same,” said John. He slid off of Sherlock’s chest to lie between him and Lestrade, totally disregarding the unruly slick of various bodily fluids. Sherlock turned onto his side to ease his back, shoved the pillows around until he found a cool spot, and closed his eyes. Though he was quite tired himself, he was awake long enough to hear Lestrade’s breathing become slow and deep, and he felt John’s body twitch as it sometimes did when sleep took him. The room was warm. The day was young. He dozed.
“Always.”
He pops off again, but leaves his fingers wrapped around me. Gorgeous, his long hand on my cock, his eyes never leaving it, concentrating totally on firm, short strokes, teeth indenting his lower lip, still rosy and wet from—
“You always say that.” Big hands gesturing frustration. “By what logic is it not a good idea? You’d like it, I think I’d like it. It’s not as though we couldn’t stop if one of us didn’t.”
“Hello,” said Sherlock. He kept his hands tucked close to his body, not wanting to embarrass John with a public display. “You want to get on home? Lestrade can do without me for a bit.”
Too unfocused, he means, too vague—too much teeth, too, probably.  I take him out of my mouth and just stroke with my hand, and he presses his head back down to the pillow, breathing hard. I lick down into the crease of his thigh, suck at his tight scrotum, and he gives a great, anguished moan and pulses hard in my hand, under my tongue, come spilling over my fingers.
Mycroft knows that Sherlock has the phone from Irene’s file. Does he not know about the other one?
“It would be complicated.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “And last year I was only a fifth year, but I was here all the same.”
“Sherlock, please tell me you haven’t gone and done something that’s going to ruin us both.”
I have no idea what Sherlock knows about sex, or where he learned it. There’s no porn on the internet here, no dirty magazines, nothing. Sherlock thinks that pornography is illegal and the government remarkably assiduous about enforcing it. So, as far as I know, anything he tries on me is his own inspiration. But I can’t say that anything would surprise me; he’s clearly quite interested in sex, and has certainly demonstrated a willingness to explore the limits of his own body and mind. There’s no telling what he’s tried on his own, while the signal went black.
“Are you—what? Asking me to watch out for him?”
“Listen, what I said before, John. I meant it. I don’t have friends.”
“Hm, good taste,” John said. “Okay, what should I say?”
“How’s yours?” I ask him.
(See the end of the chapter for
The phone is heavy in my pocket on the ride back to Baker Street. Privacy: it’s more precious than gold in this place. This isn’t much, but it’s something.
“John, what—“ Sherlock begins, and then John’s mouth covers his and he is drowning, mind spinning like an unhinged flywheel as John’s tongue delves enthusiastically toward his tonsils. His heart races, heat rushing suddenly up from somewhere to fill his breast and limbs. Fighting to keep control of his wits, he finally manages to twist out of John’s grasp far enough to pluck out a question from the tornado of his thoughts and give breath to it.
I say nothing. My lip hurts where I’m biting it.
“Okay, but that doesn’t mean we have to—
Most of the other students were busy casting the Blessing a third time, so John had the pleasant feeling that he was finally making up some lost time. The next step was to clean and re-charm the steeping jar, and then strain the potion back into it. As he poured the mixture, he admired its silky consistency and warm, glowing color. No twinkly brown sludge for him! But the process wasn’t over yet. The potion would now require a new infusion of herbs and fungi every thirty-three days until the end of the school year. There certainly were a lot of steps. John was beginning to suspect that the purpose of all the ingredients was really to pad out the recipe to be thirty-three pages long. But for all he knew, that was part of the magic, too.
“But you
“I’m sorry if it’s too much for you,” Sherlock said, making his voice rumble. John whimpered in response. “Is it really too much, John? I wouldn’t want to hurt you. It’s just that your little hole is so tight. I know I’m awfully big. But it’s not really too much, is it? You can take it, can’t you? Just for me?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“So, can I write to you?” John asked.
Sherlock falls asleep in my arms. I lie awake most of the night, feeling him breathe, but when I open my eyes in the morning, I’m alone in the bed. My heart goes cold until I see Sherlock sitting cross-legged in the chintz armchair, wrapped in his dressing gown, doing something on the laptop. He looks adorably rumpled, his curls askew, his gaze intent. Then he tilts his head to look at something in his hand—oh. It’s the phone. The Irene phone that I interfered with last night.
“No,” Sherlock says. “It was my worst, my lowest moment. And you were there. To pluck me from the gutter, to make something of me.”
“Mr. Watson,” she greeted him, with a smile. “Welcome back.”
done it! didn’t even get shot.
, and anyway, now that the change was here you could just wait for somebody to turn Omega if you wanted penetrative intercourse, so why bother? It was a boundary you didn’t cross, if you were normal.
“It felt so real,” he says at last, his voice low.
“I would—Sherlock, you don’t have to worry about me
John was about to ask what he meant, when Sherlock began striding forward through the brush.  John would have sworn there wasn’t a path a moment before, but the briars seemed to open up for Sherlock.  Afraid the path might close again, John kept close on Sherlock’s heels, even going to far as to grasp the fabric of his coat to keep from losing him.  As it turned out, though, it was only a short walk; John bumped into Sherlock’s shoulder when he stopped abruptly.
I hang up my coat, then go to make tea. I’m just rinsing out the mugs when Sherlock sidles up next to me.
Sherlock knelt beside him and he—he had a knife in his hand. John knocked his arm away, but Sherlock grabbed his wrist and held him down before John could gather his momentum.
In a secure house, in a secret place, I begin my search. I start with what I’ve got: the account that paid my salary, the address where I had my interview. The organization that ran the
He was shaking hard, still, his body tense all over. Without thinking, I pressed a kiss to the back of his neck.
“You failed it?” John couldn’t hide his incredulity.
“No, you
Mycroft took his chair immediately, and began speaking to Sherlock while John went into the kitchen. John did put the kettle on, but under the circumstances he felt no hesitation at all about eavesdropping on the brothers’ conversation, which he accomplished under cover of rummaging in the pantry.
She hesitates a moment before answering. “No, I—I don’t think so.”
“The address is 221 B Baker Street,” said Sherlock, though John hadn’t spoken aloud. “Be there at seven o’clock.”
She smiles, sharply. “That’s rather the idea.”
“You wouldn’t be the first.” He says it seriously, but then he catches my eye again, and he’s—god—
“Yes, God, yes, keep going.”
Only much later, after [….who the fuck knows…], did John have leisure to really look at his leg. In the bathroom at 221b, he took down his trousers with the intent of surveying the damage. Whatever he’d expected, it wasn’t this: no injury at all, no scar, no mark of any kind. Just smooth, whole skin. Exactly as though nothing had happened.
So, yeah, when Irene turns up asking for her phone back, I’m less than thrilled. Sherlock fixates on her immediately, solves her little puzzle remarkably quickly for someone who hates planes. She comes onto him incredibly hard. I think she’s trying to make me jealous (which I am, thanks), but I don’t really understand why.
“No,” Sherlock said, “but my parents found me a tutor, a really mad old woman called Daciana. She was a proper old-school witch, with a little old cottage and everything, and a broomstick she’d made herself out of a tree branch. Learned a lot from her, actually. Stuff I don’t think even Snape knew.”
to me, you’re here voluntarily.  I mean, yes, you’d have to go and stay with your wretched sister or something for a while, but you could leave if you wanted to.”
Since these have been so short, I'm posting two. Things will get more substantial after that.
“Don’t try to pretend, John. You always get nervous on my behalf when we get into a situation where
someone, a professional, to help you navigate being a celebrity. You can’t just—“
“Not interested in experimenting, thank you,” he says. “Anyway I’ve never had any side effects. It’s a small dose, wears off quite quickly.”
I cannot fucking believe what I’ve just been through.  Aileen Aster has a lot to answer for.  That stunt—barging in on Sherlock in the nude, crawling all over him like that, when she knows how innocent he is, she knows he has no experience with sex, she knows he’s in a vulnerable emotional state since our little encounter in the kitchen.  It’s recklessly cruel.  And if that weren’t bad enough: more real bullets, more real drugs.  How has Mycroft not been arrested for the stuff they do on this show?
At first, the trial proceeds just as it would in the real world: Sherlock is put on the stand, he mouths off outrageously, the judge has him thrown out.
I wonder what it was that Sherlock really saw. Prosthetics? Animatronics? Glow paint? Why was Henry Knight upset as well?  The Actors usually have some idea what’s coming—usually better than I have. I often don’t know what’s going on, both because it’s hard for anyone to communicate with me without Sherlock’s knowing and, I suspect, because keeping me in the dark lends a certain veracity to my reactions. I almost prefer it this way, as it makes it easier for me to play my part.  Still, I would normally have expected Henry (or whatever his real name is) to drop the act and give me some clues once we were alone together. Instead, he was just as jittery and manic as Sherlock. Is that strange? I’m not sure.
“Don’t be a dick, Mycroft,” I burst out. “You know very well. It’s this, all this. I can’t do it anymore. I hate it.”
It’s just an observation, but my smile does flag a bit.
“Though, to be fair,” he said, “I think it made me love Professor Snape a little, as well, but as I’d already been in love with you, it wasn’t the same.”
I stroke down his chest and belly again. The band of his trousers is there. The elastic edge is snug against his skin, except where it stretches across the hollow of his hip. I slip the tips of two fingers into that slight opening and then slide along the waistband, parting skin from cloth. Sherlock is motionless, but I can hear him breathing, shivery and open mouthed. When I repeat the stroke in the opposite direction, he wets his mouth to speak.
John stayed silent. Sherlock sighed.
I remember her words at the power complex:
“Hang on,” said John, cocking his head. He was listening, looking, maybe even smelling, searching for the door. The tricky thing about magical enforcement in London was that the Wizarding world was overlaid on the city in a somewhat discontinuous way. Wizarding enclaves could be small and difficult to find. Sure, there were some everybody knew about, like Diagon Alley, but others you could only find by luck and skill. Now and then a wizard or witch would find some corner of the Muggle world that nobody cared about and fold it quietly away for a hiding place. John suspected that was what had happened here.
Dear Sherlock,
“A young woman, usually,” she says, turning to him. “Dressed in a tattered gown. I’ve seen her several times, in different places. I’ve heard wailing, also—a woman wailing.”
“Hey!” someone says. “You’re John Watson!” It’s a guy dressed as a Uni student.
They hadn’t done anything like this before, of course. Had John ever gone through heat without Sherlock in attendance? He had not. Neither of them had any experience of what it was like to be apart from each other during this time, let alone with a different person there instead. They had assumed that another Alpha could step in just as easily, but what if this wasn’t the case? The biology of heat hadn’t been tested in this situation.
“Yeah,” John said. And then, again, twisting: “Yeah.”
“But he’s…not really a killer?”
, at this point. I’m just following orders.”
“Hold still,” said Sherlock. “I’m going to fix it.” And then, with a lightning-fast motion, he slashed at John’s trousers. The blade parted the cloth and drew a bright streak of pain across the front of his hip. He swore and tried to throw Sherlock off, but Sherlock seemed immovable as granite.
Mycroft’s eyes narrow slightly, but Sherlock is looking at Irene, and doesn’t see it.
Auditioning for Role: Police Sargent (alias Gregory Lestrade)
That thought sent a shiver of apprehension through John.  What, after all, was their arrangement?  The stupid earwax thing--what would Sherlock have done if John had flat out refused?  Would he have tried to force the issue?  Would he have thrown John out on the street?  John thought not, but how could he know?  What would happen when Sherlock eventually asked for something that John was not prepared to give him?
“So what has nobody ever done to you?” he asks, low.
“Watch where you’re going!” Sherlock snapped, his voice barely carrying over the music.
“Oh,” Sherlock gasps. “Out, get it out!”
“Not after this. We’ve missed our chance. He’s learning the truth right now, in the back of that cab.”
“God,” said Sherlock, breathing hard, “I won’t last.”
“Still within bounds.”
Finn is not under the Vauxhall Arches, and Old Byron is nowhere to be found on the Heath. In fact, Sherlock sees no one he knows on his whole expedition. What few homeless people he does encounter scurry out of sight at his approach, unwilling to be approached or answer his questions. Can his reputation among them have been damaged somehow? That would be most inconvenient.
“My God,” John said. “He’s really gone, isn’t he.”
Sherlock is already tottering around the flat, rattling things in the kitchen, not getting much done.  He fills the kettle, but wanders back toward me without turning it on, then paces back into the sitting room, hand rubbing the back of his neck.  I suddenly see again the way he scratched his own head with the business end of my loaded gun, and I have to squeeze my eyes shut to banish the image.
“Well that wasn’t nearly as bad as the last one,” he said. “I think it’s improving. Say, John, who’s this witch then, hmm? Bit too glowy. Oh, hullo, you’re glowy, too. Got a bit of an aura going. Get you a de-glowing potion, probably got one around here, or if not I shall make you one.”
“Are you sitting comfortably?”
“Hey, mind if I join you?”
“Okay?” Sherlock asked, a little breathless himself.
John’s owl, Cillian, fluttered through the open window of the Hufflepuff common room, bedraggled and clearly exhausted. He limped over to John, who picked him up and set him on his shoulder before opening the parchment he held. With a sinking heart, John recognized his own undelivered letter. Sherlock was gone.
I look on helplessly as he pops the pill out of its bubble. What would happen if he didn’t take it? God, I don’t care. I don’t care. I could knock it out of his hand down into the gravel to be lost forever; he probably doesn’t have another one. I could kiss him and distract him and make him forget it. I could—
“All lives end. All hearts are broken. Caring is not an advantage, Sherlock.”
“Never heard of her,” John purrs, and then he climbs up—naked!—to straddle Sherlock’s hips, and he takes hold of Sherlock’s hands, and his searing mouth descends again. Sherlock has no idea what’s going on.
“However,” she said. “You did ask for any employment Hogwarts could offer. Looking over your records, I see that you were talented in Potions during your time here, and that you were an apprentice Healer at St. Mungo’s Hospital before becoming an Auror.”
“You haven’t even noticed it’s gone, have you? Well, never mind, let’s get on with the pistols first.”
“You might talk.”
Sherlock is still groggy when we get home. It’s only mid afternoon, but I lay out his pajamas and turn down his bed and tell him that it’s time to go to sleep. I check on him a while later and find him sleeping soundly. Then I relax and go up to my bedroom, where I lie down, thinking that a nap would not actually be a bad idea.
“How did you--”
I take a deep breath. “That seems a bit excessive.”
“Do you want to try?” John asked. “With your cock? Maybe just…just the tip.”
“You think a weaponized psychotropic aerosol made us attracted to each other.”
His arch enemies. He snorts a laugh, and John’s breathing hitches slightly in response before calming down again. Mycroft and the Woman  are antagonists, but hardly villains. He has only sympathy for their various motivations, only respect for their abilities. John could do far worse. As for Moriarty: John would never cooperate with him. Not unless he’s an incredibly good actor and false down to his core. Which he isn’t. Sherlock’s seen the core of John. He knows John. For real. Whatever else is going on.
“Is it that obvious?” I give him a firm squeeze, brush my thumb across that little dark spot.
it,” John moaned. “Need an Alpha.”
empire is shadowy at best. All my initial leads go nowhere; I have to dig deeper.
They go into town and trail St. Paul to a lunch meeting with a red-haired man. They follow the red-haired man until they learn his name, and then they google him and learn that he runs special effects for the local theater. They go to the theater and break in and find a lot of lights and projectors and fogscreen machines that are certainly not required for the company’s current production of
“Sherlock?” John says—always hesitant, now, but still useful, sometimes.
“Please be there. I’ll tell you everything.”
He finds John sitting in the churchyard, scribbling in his notebook. He puts it away as Sherlock approaches.
“You say ‘we’. Who else is involved?”
So Sherlock sits in his chair with nothing to do, nothing to keep his mind off of the thing lodged inside him. The temperature of the silicone still hasn’t quite risen to match his own, and he can feel the whole chilly length of it. Sitting puts pressure on the knobby bits, in particular. Probably designed for that. He shifts, and shifts again. Clever.
After what seems an endless discussion with the local police force, Sherlock, Lestrade and I have dinner together at the Cross Keys. The conversation flows easily at first, all of us still high on the resolution of the case, but it soon lapses into a stony silence. I wonder what Lestrade makes of getting gassed by his boss. Can’t say I fancied it too much, myself. And Frankland. Jesus.
After a few minutes, Sherlock sat up abruptly. “Stuffy, isn’t it?” he said. He reached for his wand, which had fetched up in a wrinkle of the coverlet, and, with a few brisk motions, pushed back the curtains on three sides of the bed. Then he settled again. John burrowed his face against his shoulder.
I put the phone back where I found it, put my jumper on, and lie down next to Sherlock. I don’t really expect to sleep, but between the early start and the adrenaline roller-coaster of the day, it isn’t long before fatigue pulls me under.
“Like what?” Sherlock asked. “Control you?”
It seemed as though a sharp, cold wind whirled to life in the clearing.  John felt his hair lifting from his forehead, saw Sherlock’s coat billowing, though all around them the leaves and dry twigs lay undisturbed.  He could feel something strange--something dark and chaotic--taking form.  He thought he should be able to see it, but when he turned to glance over his shoulder, there was nothing there; nothing to see, at least.  Then Sherlock spoke; three words, John thought, though he could not make out the sound of them, as though they were ripped from Sherlock’s mouth and carried away on the unearthly torrent of air.  A bright light flared, John felt a jolt of sickening vertigo, and then--
“You won’t.” The bed’s been neatly made and turned down on both sides. I give the pillow a couple of unnecessary thumps, then climb in between the crisp sheets. The smell of lavender wafts up in a cloud as I settle myself on the pillow, my back to the rest of the room.  I can’t see Sherlock’s reaction, but after a moment I hear his bare feet padding around the foot of the bed. There’s a soft sigh of fabric as his dressing gown pools on the floor, and then the mattress dips. I watch him settle onto his back, his dark curls silky in the soft light. Then he switches off his bedside lamp, and we’re in darkness.
Sherlock heads immediately for the shower—totally understandable, if he’s sweated half as much as I have today, between the bouts of unreasoning terror and all the running about. I think again of the camera phone in Sherlock’s bag, and take it out. K2K. The keys to the kingdom. The app still shows a red button. I tap it with the pad of my thumb. A timer icon appears and whirls for a moment, and then the button shows green. I’ve only the faintest guess as to what it might do, but if Mycroft doesn’t want Sherlock to use it, it’s probably something good.
“Look, I guess I know that. But, Jesus, why? What’s the harm? I thought the whole point of this was for Sherlock to have what he wants.”
I rock my hips against him, pulling out a little and then sinking deeper in.
I meet his eyes, then find that I can’t look away. Holding my gaze, he lifts his free hand to touch my face. For a moment, I forget to breathe. Then his gaze flickers to one side, and I realize he’s examining my details. His fingers trace the lines beside my mouth, and at the corners of my eyes. Fingertips dip behind my ear, where he can’t see, then trace the edge of my day-old beard, beneath my jaw.
Sherlock’s eyes were light. Bright, even—shockingly so, compared to the brooding shadow that had hidden them before. They were blue-green, and clear, and bright, like bottle glass washed up on a beach.
“No, I haven’t, because I can tell that you’re…you’re going through something, and you don’t want me to pry into it. Well, okay, I haven’t pried into it, and I won’t, but I just…I was hoping for some kind of a signal, I guess.”
for her incredible transcripts, without which I would not have been able to write this story.
“I’m tired,” Sherlock says. “Just go away, please.”
John’s hand slides down and back, to where Sherlock is—
He eases up at the last moment, holds me lightly, and when I can see again, he’s wearing a smug little smile. I’m too breathless to rib him about it; he slides back up and kisses me, shifting aside to avoid the mess on my stomach.
The skin beneath my palm is soft. I know how pale he is, untouched by sun and wind. He’s always been lean, but he is also strong. I trace the divot where his bicep slips under the deltoid. He relaxes fractionally beneath my touch, so I keep going, letting my fingers catalogue the long muscles of his forearm, the tendons of his wrist. His back softens gradually, the tension seeping out of him little by little. There is hair on the outer surface of his arm, but the underside is smooth and fragile feeling. I make long, slow strokes, up and down from wrist to shoulder and back again. I’m so hypnotized with touching him that I don’t notice his response until, after a while, he turns his palm up, and I slide my fingers along his wrist and into it.
care about me, or about anything besides the promise of a new puzzle?
Oh, yeah, this. The viewing public is gonna learn some stuff about me. But fuck them anyway. I smile around a bite of egg foo young, and it’s a real smile. “You don’t want to deduce it?”
“Sorry,” says Donovan, “Fail at what, exactly?”
“Why, what is it?”
I sit down, this time, having nothing to prove. My leg is also aching a bit, truth to tell.
“You know what I’m like,” Sherlock said, after a pause. “You know that I…crave…novelty.”
“They usually ask if I’m having sex with him.”
Which was not to say that he intended to take Snape’s advice. He was captain of the Quidditch team this year, on top of everything, and as for romance, well, if it happened to cross his path, he didn’t intend to turn it down.
The thought of him still makes me angry, and Sherlock’s eyes widen slightly as I squeeze his hand harder. “A bit,” I say.
Sherlock may not be able to see his London from above, but that doesn’t stop me from looking down at it, once I’ve reassured myself that his respiration is within the range of normal. I wonder whether today’s the day the extras are walking out, but I can’t tell from the air. We left early enough that the deserted streets could have been due to the hour. I suppose our pilot—and everyone we meet on this excursion, come to think of it—must have been hand-picked by Mycroft with even more care than usual. The streets and buildings diminish beneath us as we ascend, and soon I can see the rough edges, the surveillance stations, the official airstrip outside of town, the road blockades. Are we escaping Mycroft’s clutches, or flying deeper into them?
By the start of spring term, John felt comfortable calling his superiors Poppy and Minerva, and he was easy enough with the other professors and staff that he didn’t mind running into them. The young witch he had seen talking with Sherlock on the day of his interview was the new Divination professor, Molly Hooper. She was young enough to have been in school with him and Sherlock, but she had attended Beauxbatons. Given Sherlock’s views on divination, he was surprised that they were friends, but once he got to know her, he found that he liked her, as well, and the three of them made a little pack and went out now and then for a drink in the village.
We pay our bill and go to meet the car that will take us to our helicopter. The motion of the car intensifies something that I’ve been dimly aware of all morning, a floaty, raw sensation that must be the aftereffect of the fear gas. Were we really as sober as we thought last night? Have I made a mistake? Is Sherlock upset with me?
“What?” he said.
Afterward we lie still together for a long, quiet moment. His hands stroke slowly up and down my back, soothing, hypnotic. Then, tenderly, we disentangle ourselves enough to kiss, and I stretch out beside him with the air cool on my skin and his mouth warm and soft against my own.
“Yeah, course we have.”
He seemed to think that this concluded the discussion, but John wasn’t finished yet.
. Mycroft thinks he was infatuated with Irene Adler. It makes a kind of sense, he supposes, if you don’t know that Irene isn’t real. Sherlock isn’t quite certain, yet, in what sense this is true, but he knows it. It’s the only possible meaning of the coincidence of her name with the woman in the story. So if he has let her beguile him with her little puzzle, it’s hardly what Mycroft imagines; it’s only that he’s fascinated with the puzzle that she, herself, represents.
I skate my hand along his collarbone, then let one fingertip stroke lightly up the front of his neck. He raises his chin so fast we almost bump heads. I palm his throat softly, trace his jawline with my thumb, hardly daring to breathe for the beauty of it. He shivers, breath catching, and from the sound he makes I know that he is biting his lip.
“Let me see,” Sherlock said.
“Well it’s just that it looks quite--sharp.”
“Or I could tie you up, I suppose,” he says. “No doubt it’s quite a different experience, but the challenge would be interesting.” He turns to me. “How about it?”
, and Sherlock’s ridiculous alpha brain apparently found that very appealing.
The phone chimes yet again.
“Here, now, no need to be that way.” She leans to bump her shoulder playfully against mine. “Just because we’re working doesn’t mean we can’t have a bit of fun. No cameras in my hotel room, I promise.”
“Well, I know someone who could help you, maybe, though I’m not sure you’d be better off.”
Ok.  It seems we’re going to pretend nothing happened.  I can’t say I’m too surprised by this approach.  The rest of the day passes in awkward silence, and Sherlock is a bit strange again the following day, though not quite so distracted.  A good case comes in the day after that, and things start getting back to normal.  I try not to dwell too much on the sense-memory of his lips pressed against mine, and mostly succeed.
“Uhhnn,” John whimpered.
“Oh, I don’t think so,” said John. “So how’s your family, then? Any kids?”
And that was the last time he had anyone, really. Now his head is pillowed on my chest, and he’s just starting to doze.
“No.”  He tugged irritably at the hem of his Jacket, looking as though he didn’t want to have this conversation.
Neither of them had eaten a bite for quite some time.
“Oy, you lay off him.  John has a tougher job than any of us.”
“A Sunday,” Sherlock corrected him. “But, no, it wasn’t that. It was the other bit. I researched Brunhilde’s Blessing, actually. I read about what would happen if three wizards cast it together, and I…I couldn’t bring myself to do it. There was nobody in the class I could imagine doing that with.”
Here's the link to
“So. About the other night.”
“Because—“ and then I stop. It’s because I’m not brave enough. Because I don’t want to hurt him. Because I don’t want to lose him.
He lay as though paralyzed, stubbornly refusing to take my meaning. After a moment, I wriggled backward. I had no idea what he would make of it, but with his cockstand pressed up between my buttocks, I found I didn’t care in the least. He made a sound not unlike that he had made when I first pressed my hot body against his frozen one, and clamped his arm tightly around my chest. He gave a long, hard rub of his prick against my skin, and then another, and I gasped, feeling how desire drove him onward in spite of his trepidation.
He darts out into traffic, still holding my hand, and a motorbike skids to a stop.
“So you’re going to join the Aurors.”
“There’s—there’s nothing, honestly. Why? Has he got you under his thumb?” This doesn’t seem like the time or place to discuss Mycroft’s threats against my life.
“Also I thought…well. You could use a weekend away.”
For a moment, nothing happened. But then a flicker of blue light reappeared, slithering back toward them out of the dark. When it came level with the fronts of the buildings, it bloomed suddenly outward, revealing an entire building where the crack had been. The two buildings on either side slid obligingly out of the way. The new building had once been a car repair shop, from the look of it, but now it was something else entirely. The workbenches were cluttered with all sorts of burners, beakers, cauldrons, bottles, and jars. A smoking brazier stood in the middle of the floor, hanging over which was a large cauldron of dangerously bubbling silvery liquid.
“Well, it fits the facts.” And there must have been something in my voice that made him believe me, because he leans back against his pillow as though drained, and says nothing more.
Yet for all that, it’s a fairly easy existence. After the intensity of the months I spent scheming to get access to Mycroft Holmes, ordinary life seems rather flat; so at first I don’t feel inclined to do much of anything except sleep and eat and drink tea in the remains of the garden. Sherlock is a bit more active—he seems to have a few personal projects going—but it’s nothing like the old days when he was caught up in the rush of his work. We drift in and out of one another’s presence. We don’t talk about anything consequential. We definitely don’t do anything sexual, and that’s fine, too, really. If Sherlock is doing well, it’s fine. Though I do wonder about it.
“But why? I don’t—it wasn’t even—“
Published in
“Can’t, I’ve got Ancient Runes then. Maybe—“ He stopped, looking uncertain.
“Well, no harm done,” Lestrade said, and sniffed. “So, thanks for the invitation, I’ll just—“
Also, he could not help but be cognizant of the fact that, in this particular case, the ritual of gift-unwrapping would lend undue gravitas to what was, at heart, a rather crude and even self-serving sort of present.
We go out for Chinese, and the restaurant is picture-perfect, garlic prawns and crispy lo mein and wonton soup in a little white bowl with wiggly-looking red and gold decorations around the rim, and too many little round cups of jasmine tea, considering it’s nearing two in the morning.  Sherlock deduces my gap year teaching English in Hong Kong from the way I hold my chopsticks, and all the time he’s giving me that
“John!  Hurry up!”  Mrs. Hudson all but shoves me out of the flat, and I get into the fake taxi.
you, wanting to fuck you. Hmm?”
“Yeah, which is none.  I don’t think you could pay me enough to do your job.”  I don’t have an answer for this, and she watches me speculatively for a moment before going on.  “You actually like it, don’t you?”
Anyway, Christmas was nice, apart from the awkwardness. Harry’s girlfriend, Clara, is really cool, actually. I also got some money and books, a couple of jumpers, and my mad aunt got me a self-sharpening pocket knife, quite a good one.
“I’d like to—“ he faltered, groping for the right phrase. “I’d like to be inside you.”
The case of the serial suicides clicks along, Sherlock putting things together, until, suddenly, he’s—gone again.  He disappears while we’re waiting for the tracking service on Jennifer Wilson’s phone to load up.  I peer out the window and see him get into cab.
“Well thanks for the prophecy, Professor Trelawney. I’ll keep it in mind.”
Sherlock makes a sound, and some tension goes out of him. He does that thing again where his whole body somehow melts against me, despite his greater height, and I get my arms around him. He’s warm inside his tailored shirt, the fabric smooth beneath my hands. He’s half-hard in his trousers, and I’m much the same—maybe more than half—but for now we’re just kissing. Lips and tongues and air.
So perfect, all rosy-cheeked and breathless and trapped leaking in his pants. He rubs up hard under my palm, bites his knuckle, and yeah, there, I’ve got him, can feel his cock swell huge and pulse and shoot in its confinement. Stretched cloth, wet through. I slip a finger into the waistband to feel the slick on his skin, and he shudders, clutching at my arms.
“Sorry,” John said.
“Of course,” Sholto said. He seemed to be in an easygoing mood. That would make this easier. John liked and respected Sholto a good deal, but he could be very strict, and what John was about to ask was rather outside of regulations.
“Guess somebody thought you were a safe bet,” Billy muses, unsubtly looking me over. “Just goes to show. You can’t predict the movements of the human heart.”
Sherlock, naturally, flees the scene. I wish I could go after him, but I genuinely have no idea what I would say. That I’m not in love with him? That I am? That he shouldn’t listen to Irene anyway, because she isn’t real (an oh, by the way, neither am I)?
“Mm,” said John, wanking hard, and then, “Ah! Ah, God, Sherlock!”
“With hints I left for you,” Sherlock says. “I tried leaving you clues to my own location, at first, but it rapidly became apparent that it wasn’t me you were looking for.”
“All right?” I ask.
“Test in?” John marveled. “Wow, that’s amazing. You must be really brilliant.”
“What sort of disturbance?”
The caretaker, John was astonished to see, had changed even less than Professor McGonagall in the intervening years. They were just rounding the corner from the second floor corridor when a familiar voice stopped John in his tracks. It couldn’t be him—could it?
, and sent it straight away by owl.
It’s the second time he’s asked me that.
I’m really just fondling him, gentle pulls with no particular rhythm, but after only a few moments he grabs my wrist, stilling me.
“Oh, no, no, not
“So, why aren’t you delivering this news yourself?” I ask.
“Maybe,” he said. “There is a curious—a curious honesty that comes over one when the body is in fatal straits. I have observed it upon more than one occasion. It is a species of delirium, certainly.”
I take the tube.  In the early years of the show, there was no tube, but it didn’t matter, because Sherlock was too young to ride it by himself.  It was only added after several years on the air, for budget reasons.  Even so, it’s a rather abbreviated version of the real thing, one of the most obvious ways this miniature London differs from the city itself.
A cold thread works through the haze. Danger. Still, I tell him. “The same as anyone’s, I suppose. Dad drank a bit, but he wasn’t violent, just…absent, sometimes. Mum held us all together pretty well. My…sister was in a lot of school clubs and things, so I was alone a lot. Rode my bike around, got in trouble.” My mind wanders back over those days, riding to the quarry up the road, throwing stones into the pool of rainwater at the bottom of it. Sherlock probably never had a bike.
John makes a sheepish expression, which is quite fetching with his flushed cheeks and dilated pupils.
Anyway. It was a sleeve-style masturbation device, a wobbly tube of opaque material with a soft, ribbed texture on the inner surface and a wider section at one end to accommodate the Alpha knot. Sherlock had never owned one, himself, since he normally found hands (his or his partner’s) to be perfectly adequate. But John would probably like it.
The air of his voice in Sherlock’s ear is oddly cold. Sherlock just has time to notice it before his body obeys the command.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Please. It’s not divination, it’s just common sense.”
“Hmm?” said John, breathless.
John watched his retreating back with bemusement. What a mad, brilliant cock of a boy. John really
he is!” says the girl, face lighting up at the sight of Sherlock.
“John,” he said. “I like this one.”
“Right,” said Lestrade. “Let’s go over the witness statements again.”
“You wanted to be restrained. Hm? I could tie your hands to the bed. Would you like that? Just keep you right where I want you, for hours—for days, maybe. Just play with you. Would you like that?”
“I was looking for you,” John’s voice breathes again. “For such a long time.” He eases Sherlock down carefully and lies down with him, curled against his back. Sherlock shivers in his arms, uncomforted. “Such a long time. But I’ve found you at last, my Roddy. Now sleep, my sweet one. Sleep."
Naked.  All right, this is…new.  Yes, fine, naked, he’s seen loads of naked people.  Mostly cadavers, granted, but still, it’s only biology.  Nonetheless, he’s…unsettled.  She is the sort of woman that men would probably like to see naked.  He isn’t sure whether he likes it or not.
I keep walking. The car rolls slowly along beside me. Oh, what the hell. I get in.
Now, when Holmes says he has a place, he may mean anything from an abandoned townhouse to a garden shed, so it was not without trepidation that I followed him through the winding streets. His shivers became more violent as we went on. He stumbled once, and then again.
So Sherlock must have picked up on the not-quite-rightness of the case. Just as Brook intended him to.
,” John said. “You’re avoiding me. You barely talk to me. You’re more reclusive than ever.”
“Well that’s…fucked up.”
“Well,” John says. “Since you asked so nicely.”
, I think.  So John’s been needling him.  I like what’s going on between those two.  I can use it.
“Well.” An idea has struck me, has been brewing for some time, in fact. “You could argue about who’s doing and who’s being done to.” I lick my lower lip—can’t help it, at the thought, and his eyes track to it. “But—something I’ve never done. If it’s not too much—could I…” I have to hide my face in the soft dark beside his ear. “Could I get my mouth on you? Suck you? Like that?”
Phew! Life is back to normal. My apologies for the posting hiccups, again. Here's a double dose.
“What do you want to do?” I whisper, finally, when it seems we must go on or else burn to ash in our own fire.
“All right,” he said, very quietly.
“She’ll fail Potions,” Sherlock said.
“The real London?” He lifts an ironic eyebrow. “No.”
, Sherlock answered.
“Hmm.” He lets his finger slide and curl. Sparks in my vision. My knees fall open.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, without opening his eyes.
“I love you. I’m sorry.”  Another burst of gunfire, and this time I can hear the metallic ring of bullets finding their mark. The helicopter lurches, but stays in range. I know they won’t risk killing him. “
“Sorry!” said John, as they scrambled to their feet. He and Cory bent to help gather up the bottles. When he stood up to give back a bottle of green ink, John was surprised to see that Sherlock was on the verge of angry tears. He snatched the bottle out of John’s hand and took off at a fast walk just as a group of several Ravenclaws came out of the shop. They looked after Sherlock, laughing, but the music was too loud to hear what they were saying.
“God, yeah,” Sherlock moans, and then a clever little motor whirrs to life, and the soft middle section of the toy contracts lengthwise and expands widthwise and
The salesman cleared his throat, and John tore his gaze away from Sherlock’s face to see him hovering awkwardly nearby.
“So,” Sherlock said, lighting his flock of candles with a flick of his wand, “your alcove. How do you like it?”
“It’s a twig of rowan,” Sherlock said.  “Just hang onto it.  Close to the skin would be best.”
Henry Knight with a gun in his mouth is the icing on the cake; he’ll save a life today, on top of everything. Oh, to be Sherlock Holmes!
So Sherlock told him the details as they went back up to Lestrade’s office. Heads continued to turn, but they both ignored the stares. Even Sally Donovan gave John a lingering look as she passed them in the hall.
Reader thegildedbee wins a cookie for guessing the identity of Sherlock's benefactor. :-)
.” Breathless, he turns his head to kiss me, long and deep, his body all trembling against me. “You can,” he says.
“You did…magic, on me? Without my consent? And also, was that—Jesus, I mean, have you even heard of blood-borne pathogens? You can’t just—“
John gets a slippery grip on the thing and, with Sherlock whimpering, withdraws it. The toy lands with a thump on the floor some distance off—chucked—and then John’s warm, clothed body comes close, and Sherlock slithers down sideways onto the floor, taking John with him. John’s arms around Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock shuddering, not knowing what to do with his limbs. He can still hear a phantom buzzing sound, can still feel the ghost of it inside him.
, which is just as well as this is clearly what John intends. It’s the most filthy and ridiculous thing anyone’s ever done to him, and he
I laugh at that, half-drunk with sleep and sex and love.
Lestrade was no fool, thank God. He had already disengaged from John and was looking around at the sound of Sherlock’s approach. Hardly registering his stammered apologies, Sherlock shouldered him out of the way and went right to the post. John’s scent had brought him instantly back to full hardness, and he sank in with no resistance whatsoever.
Showing Greg his neck, probably, and his…wrist? No way to be sure. But Greg would be leaning in, breathing deep—getting a faint whiff of Sherlock, and big breath of John, of that sublime, overwhelming pheromonal miasma whose powerful effects Sherlock very well knew.
When the other shoe finally drops, it’s in the form of a text. Sherlock’s dozing on my chest when his phone chimes on the bedside table.
“No, but get one for John. He’ll be here in ten minutes.”
John pondered this strange encounter for the rest of the afternoon, trying to guess whether he had chosen rightly.  It was true that he could hardly wait to see the last of the grim bedsit room where he’d been staying, and it was also true that he could hardly afford more than the nonexistent rent that Sherlock Holmes had offered.  Still, it would at least be interesting, and that was something he had to admit he’d been craving.  Scary and strange, or safe and dull?  It was not even really a question.
She led him through the twisting halls and up the shifting stairways to the Headmaster’s office. The school year had started a couple of weeks before; it was mid-morning, between class periods. Students were everywhere, in ones and twos and little gangs, a messy, noisy tide of them hurtling this way and that.
Sherlock’s mouth snapped shut, and for a moment he said nothing, but it seemed to John that he somehow expanded in size, the sunlight dimming as he gathered himself.
got to happen.  Something dangerous, or he might get suspicious.”
“Does it hurt you?”
“You, meanwhile, are an actor being paid to associate with him. What do you think would happen if my brother were to realize that?”
I have remarked before upon Holmes’ disregard for his physical wellbeing. I have chronicled his willingness to ignore the boundaries set by common sense when in pursuit of the solution to a case. I know better than anyone for what seeming trifles he would gladly throw away his health and safety, for who but I has rescued him, bandaged him, nursed him, and lain awake long nights fretting over him time and time again? Yet, even so, I was surprised when he dove into the icy waters of the Thames.
I pull myself away from him and roll over to recline beside him, propped up against the headboard.
“It was real for me, too,” I say at last.
I feel about a hundred years old. “We’ll see.” Then I go after Sherlock.
Irene’s mobile lurks, vexing him with unanswered questions.
“You know what’s weird?” he says after a while. “Sometimes she laughs in her sleep. Like just the physical reflex, I think. Even though she’s never done it awake before. She gets this creepy little smile on. It’s weird. But it’s cute.”
“God, sorry,” John said, shaking his head. “I didn’t sleep well. I think I’ll take a walk, maybe, try to wake up a little. See you in a bit.”
“All right?” I ask.
The next morning, he spoke to Sherlock.
Apologies for the delay! Some tangles needed combing out, and my personal life has taken a turn for the hectic. Forward progress, ahoy!
We haven’t turned on any lights in the suite, yet. In the dark his face is pale, as though lit by stars, and between that and his dark, flawless clothes, he looks like an exiled prince preparing to return to his kingdom. But the tumble of his hair has a softness about it that makes my heart feel suddenly full.
And I guess I’m real enough, after all, because he says “Afghanistan or Iraq?”  And it’s true that I don’t even have to pretend.  If anything, that first moment of raking scrutiny drives out of my head any hope that pretending might be remotely possible.  I’ll be myself, or I’ll be nobody.
“Fine.”
“Okay,” I say, mostly to myself. Keyed up, shaky. I scoot forward on my knees, press my cock up against his entrance, push in a little, and it’s—god, the squeeze of it, still so fucking tight. He tenses a little, gasps; I hold perfectly still, and then I feel him consciously relaxing to admit me, and I sink slowly in by a couple of inches. That’s far enough for a start—more intense than I expected.
A flash of something, too quick to see. John took a deep breath, nodded.
“Miserable,” Sherlock says.
“S…sorry? Not—?”
at all.”
among them, probably—but that would feel too much like thinking, and he didn’t want to think. He wanted to press his face into Sherlock’s skin, which he did, and Sherlock kissed the top of his head and got an arm around him. “’S good,” said John, and fell into a doze.
[ Could make this a convo with Lestrade, instead?]“Right enough,” said Mike, sipping his tea.  “And even that’s not respectable, by their standards.  The really posh families won’t deal with outsiders at all.  They have their own aristocracy, you know, their own lands--”
Thanks again for giving me your address. How are things at home? I hope your family is well. Do you have family visiting for Christmas? Are you going anywhere? Is Mycroft there with you? I remember him from school. It’s hard to believe the two of you are brothers. You seem so different, apart from the fact that you are both brilliant, I suppose.
“The hall of mirrors,” Sherlock muses, as though to himself. It’s quiet a few minutes more, and then he starts speaking again, still quietly. “Sometimes I wonder about things.”
But I do, indeed, respect Sherlock’s privacy during this difficult time. He won’t be hearing from me.
Welcome back! I've now written the rest of the fic. The inimitable
But Sherlock was in one of these places for a year. I suppose this case must bring back memories for him, likely quite bad ones, but if he’s feeling anything in particular, he doesn’t show it. I see him smiling, though not at me. If we were on good terms, I’d ask him about his school memories, later, when our heads are on our pillows. But we’re not on any such terms, are we.
“Christ, he
My hand tightens on the gun. “Don’t. Say. His name.”
“Yes.”
.  I break the kiss with a gasp, and push Sherlock away from me.  He looks confused, blankly vulnerable.  God, what can I possibly tell him?  That the walls have eyes?  That the blogosphere has got to be fucking lighting up right now, if we haven’t been darked out?  That his big brother has made a none too subtle threat to blow me up if I get too cozy with him?
beautiful. I free my hand to skim his pale stomach. In this position the waistband of his tailored trousers is loose, a dark gap visible. Pulse quickening, I slide my hand into it, run my hungry fingers over the cotton-covered contours of him. His legs fall open for me. I unhook his flies quickly to make room, then go on petting him, his covered balls, his hard shaft with one plump vein clearly discernible through the cloth. I peer down to see, grey fabric stretched around the smooth, round of head of him, a tiny spot of moisture forming. I make a little involuntary sound.
There were tears in John’s eyes when they finished this time, but the incantation had worked. Sherlock’s potion received its little sphere of warmth with an audible sizzle. As soon as it was done, Sherlock quickly withdrew his hand. John and Snape disengaged less dramatically.
he wrote, and paused to think before going on.
“Keeping a low profile, are we?” I ask.
He stares at it for less than a minute before deciphering the 5-word skip code.
She sighed. “I have spent the past ten minutes walking with you through a reasonably peaceful environment, though admittedly a somewhat chaotic one. Whenever we rounded a corner, you became visibly tense. Your eyes give you away, Mr. Watson—they are constantly moving, checking entrances and exits, hiding places. You are uncomfortable in the open air, and anxious in close quarters. I’m afraid your nerves, as the Muggles used to say, are shot.”
“Mm. So what, then?”
I’m at a loss for a comeback.  For a dizzy second I consider telling her the truth—that I’ve been bi-curious for years, that Sherlock is a good kisser, that during Sherlock’s troubled teen years I had wild fantasies about taking him away from it all—but Greg leaps in to defend my honor.
. Sherlock exhales.
There’s a spot beneath Sherlock’s ear which, when licked, makes him do a sort of little gasp. As my mouth is quite near this spot, I take the liberty of licking it now. And there’s the little gasp, right on cue.
“Yes.” He’s gone pliant, eyes glazed as I kiss him, our fingers interlaced near his head. I kiss his lush mouth, his throat. His eyelids flutter.
“I’m sure I don’t know, sir,” John said. “He left school under mysterious circumstances. Perhaps he’s been in some kind of trouble.”
“Oh,” John said again. “You got me a—“
“I do see why you like it here,” he says.
“I didn’t—huh. I never imagined the teachers talking about us like that, to be honest.”
“It bothers you that you can’t see my eyes,” Sherlock said, and though he could not see it, John knew that Sherlock was looking at him, his gaze an almost physical weight.
“I suppose. If you like wind.”
I peer out through the shattered pane again, and people are turning away, checking their mobiles. A couple minutes more, and the street is clear. Meanwhile, my phone keeps binging.
There was a minute pause, during which John imagined those eyes glancing at him keenly. “No?” Sherlock said. “Well then. I’m afraid I haven’t any magic for mending that tear in your trousers. I’d offer to buy you a new pair, but—“
“Well, to be fair, I didn’t actually intend to wake you.”
“Why did you write it?” John asked.
“Good,” said John, with a tight laugh. “Yeah, good. Me neither.”
“Well, they kept me in that holding cell for several days, and then a fellow came from St. Mungo’s and said ‘I hear you’re good with potions.’ They put me to work brewing remedies for the hexed and wounded Aurors. After I’d been there a couple of months they transferred me to a field hospital in Scotland. We ran out of supplies and I had to start inventing new potions from what was on hand.”
Lestrade had at some point slid off to one side, and now lay with his head propped on his elbow, watching them with a hypnotic expression. When Sherlock looked back at him he blinked and raised his eyebrows, but didn’t look away. John turned his head to face Lestrade, too, resting it on Sherlock’s sternum.
I shake my head.
“The smell in here,” Greg said. “I don’t know whether to tear your clothes off or apologize for intruding.”
Don’t do this. -MH
“Transparent,” Sherlock said. “But it’s not a problem.”
“You have a therapist?”
“He’s a rebel of some kind, I gather.  Gone rogue.  Snubbed his House to rub shoulders with the likes of us.  That’s all I know about it, though.  He’s a mystery.”
did he take that cigarette from Mycroft?) He desperately wants to search the flat for bugs again, but now that he knows someone is watching, it’s not that simple. If they see him searching, they’ll know they’ve been found out. Coventry all over again.
And sees himself. A full-body shot of himself, seated, looking at this laptop, side-on to the camera. He moves. The image moves, the focus point shifting liquidly to follow his motion. He looks at the wall between the two sitting room windows. His image looks into the camera.
But the great gates opened for him, and he was met by none other than McGonagall herself. Aged, but proud and erect as a broomstick, she was hardly changed at all from the strict teacher John remembered. He had been rather in awe of her, back then.
“No.”
Or rather, he’s off.  We’re separated, which means that he’s on camera, and I’m…not.  A script consultant pops out of the woodwork and chats with the others—Anderson, Donovan, Lestrade—and they come up with a game plan, where Sally warns me off of Sherlock and I go off by myself to be abducted by Mycroft.  So far, nothing about Sherlock’s behavior has surprised them, including his running off without me.  I try to decide whether John Watson would be annoyed by this.  Would I be annoyed by this?  Am I annoyed?
One of the girls, Johanna Woodcock, separated herself from the group.
“That’s not…ugh. Look, I have to get to Arithmancy.” They had reached an intersection of halls.
I am sorry that you found my last communique to be vapid, but since you also say that I am interesting, I will try not to take it too personally. The truth is that I do have a profound thought once in a while, but just lately they are not fit to be sent by owl. I will be happy to share them with you privately when we get back to school.
“Sensible,” Sherlock says.
“Oh. Yeah.” I kiss him back, incoherent, while he shivers and ruts against  me. Of
His knot swelled up so fast it hurt, and John gave a feral cry, his knuckles white on the bedsheets. In no time at all he was coming, with Sherlock just seconds behind. Sherlock was quite beyond words, but John was grunting “Oh, fuck, Jesus, oh, my God,” until, with a long groan, he began to come down. Then he began to shake, and Sherlock realized he was laughing.
“Am I?” he said, tipping his chin showily.
Before he can answer, a phone chimes—not Sherlock’s. He reaches into a trouser pocket and pulls out Irene’s phone. His expression as he reads it is still—still in the way that tells me he is concealing strong emotion.
“Don’t worry,” says the wardrobe consultant holding up the Semtex-laden parka.
, and then the crowd has thinned enough that I can get out into the street.
“I can’t explain. But we have to s—slow, slowly, at least. We have to go slowly.”
A thrill went through me at the sight of him, still undressed and all tousled from the night before, his bare knees and his wiry feet on the floorboards. I had not been able to see anything of him in the dark.
It was late at night. The street was lined with a row of down-at-heel shops with their steel shutters rolled down tight. John walked down the deserted pavement as quietly as he could, Holly trailing a few steps behind. He stretched all his senses to the limit, looking for—there. That feeling, that impression that one step had carried him farther than it should. John turned to look at the row of buildings. Just here, there was a crack between two of them, a dark slot wholly unremarkable to the naked eye.
[I guess they’re home again, or should they be in a cab?]
“More or less,” he says, leaning his back against the door with evident relief.
Sherlock was still curled up in his chair.
I was given twenty galleons for Christmas, and some quills and ink, four books, and a blue scarf (as if my school scarf were not blue enough), a new bow for my violin, and Uncle Rudy got me tickets to a concert in London this Wednesday, which would be lovely, except that Mycroft is coming, too.
While John was talking, something in Sherlock’s chest twisted into an anxious little knot.
“Excuse me, but are we still on television while all of this is going on?” Molly pipes up.
“It’s only two weeks,” Sherlock sniffed.
“What, now? Who’s telling him?”
“God! I dunno,” John said, squirming. “Kind of. But I know it’s just—just chemical. Don’t hurt him, really, I’m sure he can’t help it—“
Sherlock and the cabbie/killer are in the room, Sherlock standing, the killer seated at a long table.  Sherlock is holding something up—something small.  A pill.  I know the other victims were drugged.  The killer is, somehow, going to make Sherlock take the drug.
“Well,” Sherlock said. “You’re staying at the Broomsticks, I presume.”
“Could I…could you take more?”
“Fascinating,” Sherlock said. “And they didn’t take it away when they caught you.”
A figure coalesces in the mist, and Sherlock’s heart trips over itself as he knows, without even seeing the face, that it is Moriarty, this specter, come to taunt him, come to tantalize him with Panopticon and no answers.
And then we go home.  To Baker Street.
“Sherlock,” John said again, trying very hard
I have no idea where that’s coming from.
“Come on you two,” says Greg, in a voice maybe just a shade too stern considering we’re meant to be rescuing these kids from mortal danger. “Let’s get you back to the station to answer some questions, and then you can go back home.”
John proves remarkably willing to punch him in the face, which is a relief.  He was afraid, after his failure of reason, that John would be physically shy of him, but it seems this is not the case. They get into Irene Adler’s house with no trouble, and he’s sitting in her parlor in his Battered Vicar disguise when she comes in—
“Earwax, John,” said Sherlock, pulling his hand away and swiftly retrieving the cotton bud.  “I’m afraid it’s urgent.”
“A month,” John said. “More or less. I was set free when the war ended.”
“What there is of them. But since we no longer see everything…well.”  He makes an empty-handed gesture. “Not that certain things aren’t blindingly obvious. Why have you stopped being intimate?”
“I’d like to live in London, though,” he murmurs, on the edge of sleep. “At least for now. Feels like I’m meant to be here.”
He wasn’t especially worried about any of his classes, with the minor exception of Potions. He understood the material well enough, he thought, but Professor Snape was nothing if not exacting. He had given John a passing grade the year before, but he had also called him in for a lecture about “applying himself” and “not being distracted by frivolous pursuits”, by which John supposed he meant Quidditch, though he could also have been talking about Seraphina. Whichever it was, Snape definitely had his eye on John. Since John wouldn’t be accepted to apprenticeship at St. Mungo’s without a grade of at least Exceeds Expectations in Potions, it wouldn’t do to let the professor down.
“Is he going to jump?” someone asks.
Sherlock is thinking, but John’s hot hand is on his cock, working in slow, firm strokes, and the thought flutters away. John kisses him, and he moans into the kiss, and John answers with a satisfied chuckle, speeding up his strokes. He licks and nips at Sherlock’s mouth.
“I’ve been looking everywhere for you,” John says, pulling at the knot of his dressing gown. “My dearest.”
It all feels bizarrely normal. I get completely undressed, skin prickling with awareness of his eyes on me. Then I get into bed, and Sherlock comes to me, all lean and warm and totally bare—not even his little grey pants to cover him up.
“Yes,” he says, quickly.
Sherlock curled up in his chair a little, wounded, and John saw again that coltish boy he had so wanted to be close to.
“John—“
Sherlock is working. He is crunching the numbers, dissecting the evidence, evaluating, concluding; and for a while it is enough. He doesn’t think about Brook, or the Panopticon, or about John who still won’t
John finished out the school year with no further word from Sherlock. Gryffindor won the house cup that year, with Dumbledore awarding a lot of points rather high-handedly, John thought, at the last moment. The Panacea Potion turned out beautifully: a thick, golden liquid that almost hummed with potency. On the last day of class, he decanted his and Sherlock’s potions together into a large crystal bottle. To his surprise, Snape tipped a dose of it into a small vial before stoppering the bottle.
The very idea! It makes me smile. “Am I?”
“Fine. Be careful, though, I don’t need a ruptured eardrum.”
“No, play it,” John said. “I’d like to hear it again.”
It felt like the hardest thing John had ever done. Whatever the Blessing had done to Sherlock, John was painfully of aware of what it had done to
“Stoner? Are you serious?”
“And you’ve done it before.”
“Woman, what woman?”
“Work” is a high-security soundstage set up as a warehouse.  Somebody hands me my lines, Mycroft comes in through a side door, and we do the scene where he asks me to spy on Sherlock for money.  Where I think he’s some kind of arch-enemy or criminal mastermind.  After we’re done, he turns away, as though he plans to just go right back out the way he came.
be inappropriate.  No, your time will be entirely your own, except for a few minutes now and then.  You’ll have your own room, all the privacy you could wish, you can treat the place in every respect as your own home.  But I am, as you can see, a magician, and I would find it beneficial now and then to have the help of a trusted assistant.”
“He’s one of Brook’s men,” she says. “So nobody can get in to see Mr. Holmes unless they’re authorized.”
“Mm, that’s better,” Greg said. “It’s no wonder Sherlock doesn’t want you if you can’t behave. But then again, you are so fuckable, it’s hard to resist you. I think you’d better turn over.”
“Is it all right?” Sherlock asked.
Slowly, slowly, breathing.
pushes the button. Sherlock bites off a groan and sits back in his seat. Far back. He slouches, trying to tilt his pelvis to take the pressure off, but he can’t quite manage it. The low, insistent vibration seems to be everywhere at once, and it feels like madness. He squirms, fingers drumming on the chair arms. He could call a halt, but he doesn’t want to actually
Still, the job did get done in the end, the rather spiky little shrubs poking out of their parcels like a row of disappointing Christmas presents. John had a free period next, so he stayed a bit late to help clean up. When he stepped outside the greenhouse, he was amazed to find a tall boy in Slytherin robes waiting for him.
“We’ll bring the cops a few minutes behind, give you time to look cool before we get there.”
“What are you looking for?” I ask, as he bends to examine the detritus blown into a corner.
“Oh yes. I didn’t know it at the time. I didn’t even know where you were, until I caught up with you at Mycroft’s. I don’t think sending you the gun worked out quite the way she’d hoped, but it was a nice gesture.”
“It belongs to someone I trust,” he says. “It’s not as bad as it looks. Come on.”
“What?” I say.
“I wouldn’t be too sure of that,” Sherlock says. “It isn’t just empty. It’s naked. It could be that it’s been gutted, but it’s more likely that nobody has ever lived here at all. More than that, this construction can’t be more than thirty years old, and the style of the building suggests well over a hundred.”
but you’re too much a slave to your cock to refuse sex when it’s right on the table. Then you feel guilty about it, but only until the next time I throw myself at you.”
