why did people have to be so consistently boring? Nearly all of them were vastly more appealing with railroad spikes through their cerebella.
The laughter bubbled out of Greg before he knew it was coming. “From this place? Good God, this swill is for kids who wouldn't know Laphroaig from Loch Dhu. Anything you've got back at yours would be miles better.” He hadn't meant to say that last bit. It'd just spilled out, like the laughter. “Greg,” he said to cover the awkwardness, and offered his hand.
Unspoken but clearly understood amongst the three of them was that John, with his open face and warm manner, so clearly the naif outsider in these rarified circles and obviously unused to political intrigue (civilians, he'd come to realise, were astonishingly ignorant about what an officer posted to Kandahar Province might know about political intrigue and backstabbing), would be their stalking-goat to draw out the enemy. People often underestimated and dismissed him. People liked to talk to him and thought they didn't have to be so careful around the friendly bloke with the ready laugh. He'd always found that useful, and now so did Mycroft.
John might have had a little too much to drink. He might actually have had a little too much to drink two or maybe three glasses ago. He wasn't sure just when he'd crossed the line between
John was towelling off and realising he hadn't detoured for his dressing gown before showering when he heard voices in the front room. Well, one voice and a lot of thumping. He cocked his head at the seam of the door to listen more closely.
He was surprised; he'd thought he'd be out of the information loop after the surgery. He skimmed the notes, pleased to see the prognosis for a return of at least moderate function in the hand. Considering the injury, Mycroft's agent was lucky not to have needed a prosthetic.
She cried some more and fed the cat and really, really tried to wish them both happiness. She threw the stupid newspaper in the bin.
All right, my darlings, the chapters from here forward are not going to come daily, as I have to write them in full, not just tweak and polish.  All is well and the fic is continuing; it's just a busy time of year on the farm.
"We're all paying attention to the attack, naturally. People killed, wounded, possible treason, someone after a very important device or the person who can make another. If I were in a battle where so much heavy fire was coming from one direction, I'd be watching for a flank attack."
Then they'd been tearing at each other's clothes and Sherlock had wrestled a naked, aroused John into his room and thrown—
"We won't mention anything about your relationship to Sherlock except that you're his partner—you have no objections to that becoming public knowledge?—and let them make of it what they will. They'll assume Sherlock's brought you to meet me in order to, er—"
"Is he talking about your flatmate?" Terrence asked, shooting sideways glances at the very fit minder by John's shoulder.
reacted to John as well, which was not at all acceptable. Since Mycroft had forcibly separated them early in the event and blocked his every attempt to make his way back to John's side ("He has a job to do, Sherlock, and so do you. Please try to remember that."), he had worked out all sightlines in the room and positioned himself to scowl unblinkingly at the women attempting to be inappropriate with his partner. This invariably drove off the interlopers within minutes.
Mycroft hit the floor of the gazebo, his lax body slumped in dark puddles, limbs slack, and John calmly turned whilst Harris planted his feet wide and trained his own gun on John.
He felt the fingers of his free hand pried open and a small vial set into his palm. “You still think I'll get bored and leave you. Why can I not make you understand? I use simple words, but you don't understand. Your grasp of science is deplorable. You're
M/M sexytimes herein. If you have read this far and still think you don't like that sort of thing, I don't know what to say.
“I'm sorry.” Mycroft was already paging his driver. “Please avail yourself—” he made a gesture encompassing the house and environs as he left the room. “It's the least I can do.”
, who made this better than it was.  Without their help, you would cry when you read this and not in the good way.  As always, all errors, blunders, vocabulary choices, lapses in sanity, and spells of contrariness are my own.
He agreed with John; they were pretty sure Sherlock wasn't interested in painkillers, but why tempt fate?
"Imagine a young man whose childhood has been hellish, who has survived it by telling himself everything would change when he was able to attend university where he would find others like himself. Imagine what he might do to maintain the approval of the first person his own age to offer him a scrap of positive attention. Imagine if that person had been one of those wolves. It's a game to them, to corrupt what they can, make it over in their own image, and destroy what they cannot corrupt when it is no longer amusing. It is
John tipped his head, conceding the point. "Um. So what happened, that was," he said carefully, looking into his tea, "a...transaction?"
Mycroft unsteepled his fingers, opened his eyes, and said, "Have Lestrade of the Yard sent to UCH to look for John Watson. Tell him not to rely on admission records; physically search for the man."
John had spent the last eighteen hours giving orders and being immediately obeyed without question. Sherlock's legs folded and his arse hit the plastic seat as if his strings had been cut.
He hadn't realized until Sherlock had flounced off just how much he'd looked forward to his approval, how much he'd counted on being able to share this with him, how hopefully he'd waited to see that mouth curve into a slow smile and silver eyes shift towards green at a lazy "Good, John, very good." Because who else could he tell? Stamford would understand the challenge, but John couldn't talk about it with him or anyone else who didn't have proper clearance, and "anyone without clearance" was everyone John knew bar the Holmes brothers.
The suit had sauntered halfway out of the warehouse, twirling his umbrella, before he called over his shoulder, “Oh, and Captain? Your service sidearm really will not suit. You can do better than that.”
, who beta'd this and saved me from a hysterically funny but scene-killing Yankism, and made it better in other ways, too.
In short order, John had been scanned, physically examined, cleared to leave, and given a painkiller for his knee. He had declined to take a prescription for the same back to the flat.
His eyes raked over his brother's flatmate. Had Sherlock sent him as a messenger? Alas, no. John was here on business of his own. Recent sleep deprivation, unshaven, hair still wet from showering and dear God in heaven
Once he had it in hand he stood carefully. “On your stomach, face to the wall, arms and legs spread. If you try to stand, I will shoot you in the gut and then both knees. Understand?” Harris nodded, pale and obedient, and turned over.
He wondered if it was also Not Good for him to be so ridiculously pleased that before he'd been immobilised, John had broken Banks' ulna in three places, dislocated one soldier's knee, and bitten another's wrist to the point where it was a bloody mess. He wasn't sure he approved of that last, however. If anyone were to bear the scars of John's teeth, it ought to be Sherlock, in some private place for only the two of them to share.
Using his release time as a starting point, they were eventually able to locate CCTV footage of a very bedraggled and limping Dr Watson getting into a cab and then set about following the cab's progress. The many accidents on the roads and the smeared-image quality of footage filmed through heavy sleet made this more difficult than it should have been.
Sherlock rose to his feet. Shoes had never looked so ominous. "You're very eager for us to reconcile. Not long ago you were trying to steal him away."
He ran through the facts again.  Mycroft hadn't planned for John to shoot him.  Mycroft had indicated John had clearance to use deadly force but hadn't intended it to be used against him. Mycroft had been wearing hidden, bespoke torso-armour since the—oh.
"And you still ate—never mind. This isn't about the curry. No—" John held up a silencing hand. "—I don't want to hear it. I'm going for a shower."
Some stupid prank, he'd thought, swapping out all a bloke's clean shirts with sweat-filthy ones or the like. Young male soldiers were given to all sorts of idiotic behaviours to stave off boredom and sexual frustration. So he'd only made a token protest, a half-hearted “Oi!” when Marshall had burst into the bunk and yanked John's damp t-shirt off over his head before bolting back out with a shit-eating grin.
Not acceptable. John never answered texts during coitus and it was simply intolerable that he might miss a case because he was thus occupied. No. Sherlock needed John; the Work needed John. Otherwise there might be Anderson. Not acceptable at all.
Sherlock perked up a little at that. "Yes, that was good, wasn't it?" John slid a plate of water crackers and cheese to him and pretended to fuss with the teapot as the other man inhaled even the crumbs.
There had been a slight miscalculation with the durian, which had not at all been Sherlock's fault. “Nice, yes. Yes, I think so. My thoughts precisely, which is why I went ahead and moved in.”
"Right," said Lestrade slowly, meeting Sherlock's intense gaze and then examining the carpet runner. "I'll just...take his statement and be off, then."
He looked across the room, and Sherlock returned his gaze with lazy heat, lifting one corner of his mouth, then deliberately turning his head aside to charm a silver-haired doyenne. John repressed a shiver and turned to shake the hand of the young man Helen had beckoned over. Remembering Mycroft's warning from the night before, he took care to keep his stance relaxed, kept
There was something lost there, he thought, lost forever, and Sherlock understood that only too well even if he still didn't understand why.
Later that night, hours after John had pulled a bloodied set of cufflinks from his flesh ("I knew this would happen.") and serviced an exceptionally demanding lover, Sherlock perched on the back of his chair and glared at John's new armour hanging on the door. That wild, mad feeling rose in his chest again, the one that made him shake for a cigarette, for cocaine, for heroin, for anything to be numb again rather than deal with this sensation of impending loss of something vital when he looked at the jacket and translated Mycroft's primary message to him:
When at last the ambulance had arrived at the hospital, John had walked from it under his own power and apparently of his own free will. His limp was considerably worse. Probably legitimately seeking treatment, then.
“Oh, God, the irony,” John muttered, planting his foot firmly on Harris's spine. “Are you listening to yourself?”
John had no sooner hung up his sodden jacket and opened his laptop to do a bit of research when the bedsit’s street door (the one he knew damned well he'd bolted) creaked gently open. Part of him had been expecting this for weeks, and he was glad that at least he'd be dressed, sitting up, and facing the fuckers when they did him in. He'd been more than half afraid it would happen in the shower, or on the toilet.
"Hmm." It was not agreement, and John noticed. "Peace, John. Surely you can't deny me a brother's concern?"
Sherlock held his face in both hands and kissed him. "Up, my John. You were shouting my name and what we've been doing is too obvious for even a copper to miss." He slung John's arm over his shoulder and heaved. His ridiculously pleased expression grew when John's legs buckled on the first go.
“We are running out of time,” Holmes is snapping to Lestrade when Robbie gets there. “He wasn't killed here; that's a false trail,
They were both stunned when Sherlock's muscles instantly slackened and he dropped bonelessly to the mattress.
Greg had lines of pain and weariness around his eyes when he stripped off his overcoat in the foyer, and the hitch in his movements suggested recently strained stitches. The tired, bright smile spreading over his face when Mycroft traded him whisky for coat set Mycroft's stomach fluttering.
He stiff-armed the door open and strode off down the corridor, coat swinging, calling behind him, “Well? Are you coming? I'm sure they'd let you keep his feet warm if you'd rather stay here.”
The bedsit was cold and damp, so he climbed into bed under the blankets with his laptop and searched out everything he could find on Sherlock Holmes. The Science of Deduction was...well, it was either sheer genius or the biggest load of bullshit John had ever seen. He was leaning towards genius, but honestly, left thumb?
Something very important was happening, something that would alter their interactions forevermore. But John couldn’t think of a way to get everything back to the way it was. He felt like a train that had suddenly derailed, and there was no way to get the tracks back. All John could do was float in the loss of solid ground, and wait for the impact.
John woke up. His wrists were strapped to the headboard with soft but unyielding leather. The waking nightmare of the past few days caught up to him, and he thrashed.
This is it. If it was all a set-up, this is where he'd get sent back to his cell. John waits for an incredibly tense moment. He doesn't hear shouting, he doesn't hear the swish of Sherlock's coat and that deep voice mocking him for his attempt at escaping him. All he hears is silence. And when he turns the knob, it clicks open.
The sound the glass makes as it shatters on the floor where John tossed it isn’t nearly satisfying enough. His anger is set in stone across his face as he growls, “No, Sherlock. I suppose you’ve never nearly killed me. In the strictest sense. But sometimes I damn well
John keens as he spills over Sherlock’s hand. His body spasms several times, before he collapses back down onto his own arms.
They both giggled. When John nearly bumped into him after he tried to walk on the same bit of pavement, the sound halted.
“You can tell him the full extent of our conversation when he arrives. I imagine he’ll be thrilled to be rid of my, what does he call them, ‘cronies’.”
“…My lord?” John asked when Sherlock remained quiet by his door, “Is there…something I can help you with?”
He pushed aside more dirt. Ivory fingers shifted and lengths of spines twisted from the movement. A few pelvises and several different ulnas, all slowly revealed themselves as John partook in the gruesome dig. He stopped with his hands blackened up to his wrists. He looked around at the other flower beds, and knew their contents without having to scavenge.
Whatever had been used as a replacement for his body was discovered, as the kids all began swearing and running at once. Snow was practically having a conniption.
John’s head thunked against the front of Sherlock’s door. He’d have to leave soon. Mary would be home in a little while. It didn’t exactly look normal for a grown man to be seen outside of a teenager’s house practically begging to be let in.
Sherlock's smile could be mistaken for gentle if no one was privy to the thoughts running through his head. Glancing at the time, he scowled, hating his brother for cutting into his time watching John. Oh, but ribbing Mycroft for the absolute failure that was his rescue attempt would be entertaining.
“Did I drink anything before I lost myself?” John didn’t realize he’d asked the question aloud until he heard the words leave his mouth.
John smiled softly at him. This amazing boy could dismantle a drug ring with just a few minutes of examination, but he had no one to look after him. Or anyone who appreciated what his mind could unlock. John gently squeezed Sherlock’ arm in companionship, “I’ll see you at school Sherlock. And for God’s sake, after you’re done sleeping, either get something to eat or come over and I’ll make something for you.”
John’s face felt hot. His breath stuttered around the clenching sensation in his throat. It hurt, beyond comprehension, that those were the kindest words he had ever heard, and there was nothing he could do to return them. There was a part of John, a part that he could not allow to grow, that agreed with all of Sherlock’s earlier deductions. If his feelings were really so obvious to the boy, then what was the point in trying to fight something that Sherlock had decided was a forgone conclusion?
The smell of disinfectant and viscera is worth it for the sour look on Anderson’s face when Sherlock points them in the direction of the victim’s baker.
While John’s stretching had been languid, his taking was relentless. It wasn’t quick or brutal, but it was unrelenting. Every roll of Sherlock’s hips teased him with the promise of satisfaction. There were bright moments that sparked inside of him that faded as quick as lightning, and then reappeared again and again. John’s nails dug into Sherlock’s back. He could feel the skin denting under his hold, but Sherlock gave no protest. It only seemed to galvanize him, and he plunged deeper into John’s eager body.
John remembered being with Sherlock, entertaining him for tea at his own house, when he’d received the urgent telegram. Sherlock had been there the whole time, a stalwart presence at his side, as they’d pulled back the sheet to reveal his sister’s cleaned face. Through the humming buzz of disbelief, he’d heard them use the phrase ‘excessive whiskey consumption’. He’d believed them. Like a damned fool, he’d believed them. His sister used to hit the bottle hard whether occasion called for it or not.
Sherlock finds it surreally beautiful and, as he shifts in his trousers, more than a little arousing. He can ignore the burn of his own desires for now, as the gargling sounds John is making are far more enthralling than an orgasm.
“I thought we could take this time to discuss our arrangement in further detail,” Sherlock said as he stalked towards John.
“Here,” Sherlock said as he held a sweet-smelling cloth up to John’s face, “this will help chase away the nightmares.”
“Go on and take your shower, I’ll have it changed by the time I join you.” Because of course Sherlock knows that John’s going to take nearly twice as long in an attempt to scrub his mind as thoroughly as his body.
“I’ll see you tomorrow John,” Sherlock promised. John wasn’t sure if Sherlock really was done with the conversation, or if he was sparing John the trouble of trying to end it himself.
"Piss off." Sherlock deadpans. John laughs and it is wonderful. The cabbie bangs on the side of the window and John says "Yeah yeah alright, you'll get our money." Sherlock makes a mental note to have the cabbie killed as well. He won't do it, that's too dull. But maybe one of the bottom feeders looking to climb the food chain. He drags his sister towards the cab door and Sherlock hastily draws a few notes from his pocket and shoves them in John's direction. "Here." John glaces at the money and asks "Why?"
Students sigh in a mix of relief and frustration, all of them packing away their things. "Remember," Holmes' voice carries over the din, "there are no make-ups. If you were too dull or lazy to bother to study then you will receive no pity from me."
“No, no it’s just,” John shook himself, and leaned back into Sherlock’s touch. “Sorry, must be the scenery. You just felt a lot colder for some reason.”
The next day when John is in Chemistry, he avoids looking at Mr. Holmes for the whole period. Usually, he enters with a polite smile, even if the man never responds more than with a nod and a "Hm."
John huffed, but busied himself with eating instead of arguing. He wasn’t done being annoyed at his husband. This odd and childish feud for his attention needed to be stopped. But Jim was a grown man, and he could get over the discovery that he and Sherlock did indeed consummate their marriage quite regularly.
Then he noticed Sherlock’s hands waving frantically in the air. To anyone else, it looked like a strung out teen fighting for air, with his hands waving spastically without purpose. But they were aimed at John. He was telling him to wait. He didn’t have the information he needed yet.
This gave his back a tiny arch, making his stomach and groin all the more visible. Smirking against John’s hair, Sherlock rubbed his wet fingers against John’s hole.
John hopes he's convincing when he says, "Yeah, fine," half truths, half truths are the only things that will work, "just, a woman sat down as soon as you left, kinda threw me through a loop." Best to come clean with the gender now. Sherlock might be able to tell from a fucking trace of perfume or something, and ambiguous wording would only get him into trouble.
If he can keep John suspended on that edge for a little while longer, then John will know balance. He will know how much he irrevocably belongs to Sherlock, without having to break his soul. He will know how much Sherlock loves him, how much he cares. Why else would Sherlock go through all of this trouble in the first place? And what's the point of fighting that kind of devotion?
“No! I’m telling you they gave me a strange tincture. Made from this plant, I’m certain of it!” He yanked the accused flower from its bed. The roots curled out thick and pale, like grasping fingers that were picked clean.
John was out at the clinic. He had left Sherlock to his own devices for the day. The new spell work had lasted for perhaps three hours before he’d lost interest and moved onto other things to occupy his time before John returned.
His name was John Watson, and he had come on behalf of his family. John continued on a tedious explanation of his father’s gambling habits and a predictable death from those he had attempted to cheat. He and his sister could not afford to manage the farm themselves, and had travelled, oh great Lord, to serve—
“Looks like someone has a very tumultuous mind,” Jim said from beside him. John jumped slightly and Jim laughed at the sight. “Sorry Johnny, I happened to be up keeping my little pet project before you strode in.”
John comes back with his eyebrows raised in admiration, snacks forgotten. Sherlock motions him over, and as soon as he clasps John’s hand, he speaks.
"Sherlock, we're not spending a night out at a pub just so we're isolated from other people." Silver eyes flick to John, finally turning away from the glowing screen.
“I’m out of my wits,” John incredulously shouted, “are you trying to be humorous now? It’s you two,” he pointed to the both of them, “who are completely insane! Or do you somehow believe that poison and murder are normal behaviors?”
"Sherlock?" The question is surprised and concerned, not at all suspicious. Oh, Mycroft's fault is that he's also dramatic. He was too vague. John knows nothing. The satisfaction and relief shoots through him like a hit. "What's wrong? What's going on?"
“They don’t deserve you. They don’t understand your value. They can’t see your worth. You’re an unfathomable treasure and they only notice you when it benefits them.”
As he sunk into oblivion, John wasn’t sure if he preferred the visions of the worms, or the casual desecration of his body.
John frowns in confusion, “What? No I’m not. You may have the appetite of a cactus, but I know I’ve seen you eat from-“
This is the absolute worst day of John's life. John looks back down at the accusing words and swallows the lump in his throat. When he's packing away the test, he dimly notices that his hands are shaking.
Panic overrides his dignity, and John protests aloud, "Sherlock, stop. Don't!" He is, of course, ignored. Sherlock winds the cord tighter, preventing movement but allowing blood flow. He secures it to the posts of their headboard, and then moves to other shoulder. Soon, John is lying face down on the bed, with his only available actions being to breathe and shift his head.
John presses his lips into lines. Sherlock holds his prick steady with one hand, and carefully lines up the rod with the other.
And although John loathed to lie to his husband, when he could still be so very wrong about all of this, strategy dictated that Sherlock believe his own convictions.
Sherlock sets the tea down for fear of splashing it all over his lap. He folds his hands, and waits. After a heavy sigh, John takes another drag from the mug, downing the rest of the contents. It must hurt, but the line between his brows tells Sherlock that he can’t feel it.
“You were in a brawl just now.” His face lifted to see the disappearing figures of the two men who were still leaning against each other. John thought he saw Sherlock’s teeth bared in a snarl. Shock stabbed through John’s heart at the sight. Sherlock had delivered the occasional dry-as-bone repartee to people who had annoyed him, or had cuttingly deconstructed fallacies of logic to their most basic layers. He had never, as long as John had known him, given evidence to a violent characteristic.
“Sorry John, can’t hear you, already leaving.” Sherlock waved goodbye without looking as he walked away.
, and saw the photographs of Venice framed on the walls, heard the low murmur of conversation and sonorous music from unseen speakers. There was the scraping chime of silverware against plates, and the soft pat of wine glasses being set back down onto tables. Nearby, a woman laughed in a way that suggested she wanted her companion to enjoy the sound of it.
"It's a pity you're not a skilled writer. Your fanciful imagination would produce lucrative novels." He says the last word like it's insulted him.
“I wish things were different,” John admitted. “I know that you think you understand what you’re feeling Sherlock. But you’re going to have to trust me on this, the way I’ve trusted you before. What you’re experiencing isn’t love, it’s just a misguided crush. That’s all.”
“What do you mean?” Was Sherlock supposed to be genuinely offended by that? Or was the gargoyle…teasing him?
Sherlock drew John’s hand away from his face to kiss the back of it. He cast his eyes down, unable to look at John directly as he confessed, “I was being beastly. I of course have no right to keep you from your pursuits. You are your own man after all. In fact, you are the embodiment of all that is good and honorable in such a specimen. I only feared of having that lost to me, and I attempted to covet you like water to a parched throat. I made a promise when I married you. I swore that whatever you wished would be yours if it was within my capacity to give. Jim reminded me of that last night, and I am immeasurably grateful to him for it. Whatever your decision on the matter, I shall support you whole-heartedly. No matter my selfish misgivings.”
He could've killed him. Could've ended it all in about two minutes if he'd continued to keep pressure on Sherlock's trachea. Done it without any guards pulling him off before he finished. But he didn't. He sprang off. He fucking
“Don’t look away John,” Sherlock says in a voice that is as gentle and cold as falling snow, “I know you want to, I know that it makes you more comfortable when you deny these things. But I won’t let you lie to yourself now.”
John snorted, and then asked, “That’s right, shouldn’t this place be flooded with reporters? I thought I would have to shove my way to my car after work.”
This would mean that she would be more than happy to be separated from him, in order to prove her worth to her peers. Being seen as a ‘helpless maiden’ that needed the voice of her Omega brother to survive would grind at her nerves for a very long time.
As always, thank you for being patient with every update! Lots of things going on, lots of fights to be fought. Please remember that I love writing, and this fandom, and my passion for all things Sherlock is undaunted. No matter what the show tries to do to itself.
“If you’re not going to open the door, I’ll just say what I need to right here then.” John took a deep breath, “I’m sorry if you feel like you can’t talk to me. I know it seems like I’m trying to…to govern your life, or parent you, or something. And given what you’ve been through, that must feel like salt on the wound. But I promise you, Sherlock, I’m not trying to dictate you. I’m concerned for you. As a friend. I promise you, I’m really worried about what you’ve been getting up to. And I want to help, no matter what that means.”
John shrugged his shoulders, “I mean, I’m not crazy about the thought of complete strangers knowing all about my business either. But I’d rather they write me off as a prick than use you as a future media pariah. Which, apparently,” he gestured at the crumpled newspaper, “was all for nothing anyway.”
Sherlock isn’t glaring or sneering at him. He’s just staring at John with his hand still slightly raised. The expression on Sherlock’s tells John all he needs to know. It’s something that he’s been told countless times before.
"Two lunch specials, if you please. No desserts, and water will be fine." The man nodded gratefully and went to deliver the order. Mycroft turned back to his unruly brother, who still hadn't ceased staring out the window.
When he reached the stable doors, he finally dared to look behind. There were not two pairs of hands rapidly descending on him. Nor could he see their silhouettes rapidly gaining. Perhaps they hadn’t seen his footprints or blood trail in the confusion of the fight and the blizzard. He could barely even see the mansion’s outline, and there didn’t seem to be any candles or gas lamps illuminating the windows.
Sherlock frowns, pulling back. Much as he yearns to explore John's mouth and lips with his own, he doesn't feel that it's right. Not yet. He still wants John to give this part up freely. To kiss him without it being a forced gesture or a means of attempting to bite off Sherlock's tongue. For now, he'll leave it.
“That I am!” He patted John’s shoulder amicably, not having seen John’s discomfort. When he pulled away, John tried not to pathetically cover it with his other hand.
Sherlock smirked, "That isn't quite how it works John. Touching you brings me pleasure, and I won't deny myself simply because you ask. You are here solely to please me. I don't have to grant the same right to you. I will only do that if you ask for it."
“I’ve seen some human adorn their ears with jewels. They pierce the lobes to hang a combination of thin metalwork and gems.” His pinched a nipple between two of his claws, and John’s heart skipped a pace.
The school day was nearly finished, and John was almost done with his paperwork, when Molly politely knocked on his office door before she entered.
It is, of course, directly following a case. The best sort of case. One that involved complicated schemes, recognizable criminal names, and a chase through Trafalgar Square that will doubtlessly be plastered on every news station before they even step through 221B.
“Mary?” John hesitatingly called out. He didn’t necessarily think Mary would go for his throat, but he hadn’t seen her this mad since they had started dating. His response was more shuffling and banging of the drawers.
Sherlock scoffed, raising an eyebrow, “Pardon me if I try to display manners John. I will try and restrain myself in the future.” Sherlock gestured in the air, and when John turned to see who he was waving to, the assumed server had already disappeared behind one of the white curtains. That had to lead to a kitchen of some kind, though John didn’t dare think of what they used as a substitute for an oven in this place.
It does help to ease some of the pain, but only just barely. Methodically, Sherlock washes away the pus and blood, leaving only the loose skin that will be required to actually scar the burn. The scent of smoke and meat is disgusting, but Sherlock eagerly swallows it all. He didn't know he could sublimate John. How glorious. Maybe he should bottle it. But the worst of it has already dispersed out the open window. A pity.
For a moment it was so much like his sister was there in front of him, that his heart cracked with remembering that she wasn’t. “I mean, what is here that cannot be gotten from the plants?”
“So, a class ring from a supposed ‘responsible’ figure and someone who would be able to organize all of the dealings at the schools. Different schools, not just the one I attend, as evidenced by the different uniforms that are only partially hidden under your jackets. Someone who had to have access to all of your school records, to know who he could make a business proposition to, based on past juvenile sentences or even hearsay from other teachers.”
“The specifics of the narcotics escape me, I’m afraid.” John knew that was a lie. “What I do know is that my brother tried to pump himself full of pharmaceuticals to try and understand what it ‘felt like’. I managed to find him in a heroin den after three days.”
John throws his head back onto Sherlock’s shoulder, uttering a guttural clicking sound. He rubs his head against soft and expensive fabric, confirming that Sherlock only pushed down his trousers, and didn’t bother with the rest.
So then, Mycroft hadn't suddenly vanished from the face of the Earth. A pity. But this meant that either someone was
"That nice man from the Yard stopped by earlier. He said that he desperately needs to talk to you. He seemed a bit wound up and I think he muttered something about the press and vigilante bears."
She looked at the ground, refusing to meet his eyes as she explained herself, “All of the staff knows that you were in the military. And this probably isn’t a step up, you know, from that kind of life. Not that-“ her head jerked up to him then, her big brown eyes earnest, “war is preferable! Or anything! I just, you know, kind of see you shambling about a lot,” her eyes went back down to a spot on the floor.
A few more deft twists of his fingers, and Sherlock removes his digits. He stands up, undressing himself completely. For some reason, it only feels fair. "Remember John", Sherlock says, just as breathless as his 'lover',"you only have to ask, and I will let you orgasm."
As soon as John’s fingers closed over the lube, he was being yanked and maneuvered into a different position. Confused but curious, he didn’t put up a single protest. Until he realized he was kneeling on top of the bed, entirely facing the camera.
He stays in the bathroom once the last bell rings, and heads over to Holmes' office when everything is relatively empty. He passes a few stragglers along the way, but they're too busy rushing to the bus or their friends to even give him a glance.
Both would glide away, heartbroken, but at least they could blame each other for while they felt so low for a little while. Instead of returning to self-deprecation. Now, all John has is his own thoughts. After Harry had nearly revealed and gotten themselves killed when she'd stolen a tankard of ale, John had put his foot down. She could either keep stealing and losing herself in spirits, or fucking own up as an adult gargoyle for once.
John turned around to look at the home he had tried to make with his wife. It looked like a hollow shell. The furniture, art, the countless things that they had collected over the years, all of it looked as sterile and impersonal as a museum.
His breath is echoed back at him, almost instantaneously. The heat fans across his face in a cloistering caress. John thought his eyes had been closed this whole time, but he realizes he's had his eyes opened ever since he remembered Angelo. It's pitch black in front of him. John moves his hands, which were lying straight beside his body. He's able to get them about a foot in front of him before they're stopped by a solid wall. Cold sweat breaks across John's forehead.
Sherlock threw his head back, exposing the length of his throat as his hands clasped John's and came up slowly beside his head, sprawled softly, vulnerably. John thought he'd never seen anything so erotic as that trust and abandon. Then Sherlock rolled his hips and made a wanton sound that was so sweet and so filthy that—oh, God, he wasn't going to last long now. "Love," he whispered, and he felt the jolt run though the body around him, "come on, love, come with me, let me see you, I need you, come on."
This—Cassandra? Iphigenia? whatever—was proving harder to drive off. Not only had she not retreated but now she was dragging John around and introducing him to people as if she were the hostess. Bloody cheek. How was John going to learn anything useful with all that incessant mammary-waggling?
Damn this headache, anyway. It was okay. He'd be home soon, and then he'd get a hot shower, some tea, paracetamol, and dry pants, and sit by the fire and explain to Sherlock why you didn't get married because your brother gave your lover a very nice piece of body armour, although he himself was becoming increasingly unclear on why that was so.
Sherlock snorted. “Hardly necessary. Your coat is at least six years old and your seniority is embroidered on the breast pocket so you've been Head of Department for at least that long. Where and with whom you studied are irrelevant. I'm only curious as to why you specialised in cardiology.”
I don’t know if you’ve ever gone through one by yourself, but it really goddamned hurts. I couldn’t think about anything else. Couldn’t think at all.
Once he'd wriggled free of the knots—ridiculously easy to do if one was willing to dislocate a thumb and lose a few layers of skin—it was child's play to work free the Christmas cracker he kept secreted in the inner pocket of his coat (one never knew when small explosives would come in handy) and snap it, then leap on Harris, kneeling on the man's brachial arteries and pressing thumbs—one abused and throbbing, but serviceable for this purpose—into the ocular cavity, feeling the orbs give under pressure.
"Dr Watson, Sir," said the man behind him. Retired SAS, dressed to blend with the crowd, which made him look exactly like an ex-military bodyguard trying to blend with the crowd. "Mr Holmes sends his regards, and says that in the interest of avoiding further Audi-related accidents, I'm to be your escort, Sir." John was slowly working through that when the man realized simplicity was key. "I'm to take you home, Sir."
Sherlock strode into the Heart Centre as if he owned it, which, for all John knew, might have been the case. At this point, he wasn't discounting any possibilities. They hadn't made it far past the entrance when they were surrounded by very serious people who were
It was a large picture frame, pink and gilt, with garlands, bluebirds, rosebuds, interlocked rings and love hearts. There was
"Ah, good, you've eaten," he said, and brusquely tipped John forward in his chair, yanked off his suit jacket, thrust the cardigan he'd managed to locate in one of the clothespresses into his arms, and headed towards the bathroom.
When they finally get to search, Ava finds two more bodies, months old, and the case becomes headline news. Holmes is all over the telly and the papers when the Met arrests the mayor's son-in-law on the basis of evidence he’s unearthed.
He set down the mug and leaned forward. “Shit like this cannot happen. Understand? On the battlefield, things aren’t black and white. You do a lot of things you don’t ever talk about, things you’re not proud of, but you do them. But there have to be some things that stay
Banks was in motion, headed for the door. He twisted as John landed on him, squirming like an eel and catching John in the abdomen with a knee, and that was the
She's smart and funny and she smells unbelievably good. Somehow they skip right over the boring so-what's-your-job type of questions and go right to the sort of things that actually matter.  She makes time every year to go to a forest in Norway to see the northern lights, which is bloody fantastic, and when she persuades Robbie to tell her about the holiday he was supposed to have spent truffle hunting with pigs in France but instead ended up in a hostel in Lombardy with a pregnant, ill-tempered nanny goat and two rabbis, she laughs until she hiccups and then laughs harder.
The ambulance had made very slow progress; accidents blocked streets all over the city and treacherous curtains of ice on the road surface kept traffic to a crawl. Only emergency vehicles were permitted to be out.
Sherlock's breath came faster. “You’d ride it at extremely unsafe speeds and come home excited, smelling of petrol and wind. Would there be boots?”
“You'd been an idiot and gone to work for Mycroft despite all the times I'd warned you not to have anything to do with him! He was sending you away. You'd let him get his hooks in you and he was sending you off to
Sherlock did that thing with his chin that meant he was nervous. "I need to find where the lips have gone." He swept off, coat purling and snapping even more than usual.
Sherlock pulled out his—Mycroft’s—mobile as John carefully prodded a molar with his tongue and decided it would probably stay put. “It's true,” Sherlock finally said. “The news is out.” He regarded Greg unwaveringly. “How did you recognise Mycroft's address?”
John was always careful. It wasn't like it was hard to be responsible; all you had to do was roll on a bloody condom before you ejaculated so you didn't bond before you'd planned to, and take your after-heat pill. There really was no excuse, and he had no patience, no patience at all with omegas who couldn't be arsed and ended up with mates or babies long before they could support them properly.
Mycroft slowly lowered himself into the cheap plastic chair by the bed. He bowed his head until his forehead touched the mattress, beneath the level of Sherlock's. He dropped his shoulders, rounded his back.
Therefore some novel course of action was called for. Ideally one in which John could be persuaded to participate knowingly and voluntarily, although that wasn't strictly necessary.
Well, he certainly wasn't up to that before he'd had some tea. He'd pop down to Speedy's, come back for a shower, then go to the supermarket.
Rummaging in the pocket of his hanging jacket for his wallet, he found his hands slowing, then pulling the jacket to his face for a closer sniff.
John would not voluntarily remain out of contact for this length of time under these circumstances, therefore something was preventing him from communicating.
, Sherlock. Eleven wounded. If I don't make an example of Fitzhugh over this, if my people are considered easy targets—"
After a moment, John said, “Can't help but see that bit as a very significant aspect of the metaphor you're creating here.” He put the lid back on the box and sat on the bed.
It brought back a fragment of a dream, a very nice dream, the one that had been interrupted by the damned car. They'd been in the alley again, but this time it had been John on his knees. Sherlock had stood above him, bent over him, cradling his face in his large hands, running his thumbs over John's brows and placing light, tender kisses on his eyelids, his cheeks, his lips. He'd held him like something fragile and precious, and between the delicate kisses he'd murmured things John could not recall but which he knew were achingly sweet endearments.
John slowly lifted his foot and stepped back. Harris coughed and rolled up to his feet beside Tobin, the sane one, his new best friend.
He heard Mycroft issuing orders to someone in the office before returning to the phone. "We need you."
There was a pink suitcase; an extraordinarily awkward conversation in a restaurant that turned into an abduction right in front of his eyes; a breathless, aching, limping race after a murderous cabbie. He shot a man through two windows with a street full of police below; scrubbed residue off his skin; hid a highly illegal handgun. Fifty minutes after that, he walked to the Imperial Dragon restaurant and ate the prawns Sherlock kept absent-mindedly dropping onto his plate as the suicidal madman expounded on the parts of the case John hadn't been there to see and gesticulated with chopsticks so enthusiastically that John feared for his eyes.
Tomorrow, John decided. He’d get some answers out of the boy tomorrow or he was going to the police.
He feels a swift brush of air against his wings, and he snaps them out in defense. It hits the guard in the face, knocking him back on his feet. With another roar, he smashes the man down with his tail.
How did he even go about apologizing for something like this? ‘So sorry for giving you the wrong impression from a married man almost twice your age, and for belittling your feelings. Which you made absolutely certain would be revealed in a mature manner, and have been making adjustments in your own life to prove this isn’t just a whim. How about we pretend everything’s normal?’
“You’re giving up,” she hissed to him, as if concerned that she would rouse the slumbering man beside him.
Ten minutes. John could wait for ten minutes. After that, he’d cause a distraction, and give Sherlock enough time to get away or grab the evidence he needed.
He hesitated at the foot of a ladder. Sherlock noticed and nodded to him, “I’ll be fine. All I need is the video evidence, and who his supplier is. Once we have those, I’ll leave, and you follow behind me. Then we’ll go to the police. I promise.”
John can feel his smothered instincts kick in, can feel the urge to resist like the compulsory need to breathe even while being submerged underwater. Even while it makes his gorge rise, to know that he can’t do a thing now that he’s tried to pull away, he’s almost glad to be back into this routine. Right now, he knows how this goes, and nothing unexpected can show up to throw his mind into chaos.
The slow surge back and forth feels as inevitable as a tide. There’s no stop to the sweetness of being filled, then left bereft, then filled again. Sweat trickles down John’s temples, and his hands clench with the need to twist through Sherlock’s hair, or scratch down his back, or entwine their fingers together.
“The favor you give to your hips and back suggests otherwise. You also still appear flushed.” He placed the back of his hand over John’s forehead to guess at his temperature. “Mm. I suppose not feverish anymore. Still, best to get your rest for precautions’ sake.”
John’s fingers curled in the grass. No, he told himself, he hadn’t made a mistake. This was the responsible thing to do, the decent thing to do.
Mycroft sighed regrettably, “I worry about him Doctor Watson, constantly. I should have led with that, rather than skipping to the intimidation.”
Sherlock blinks, and finally focuses on John. "Oh, I was tracking you down for the murder and assault from last night."
“Look who’s eager,” Jim’s voice crooned behind him. So it was Sherlock who was moving John’s legs wider by spreading them with his own. “If I didn’t know better, I’d think he was beginning to enjoy this,” Jim continued as he pulled John’s hips further down.
This night, for all intents and purposes, was a spectacle. And Sherlock applauds John for playing his part perfectly.
He heard some grappling to his side. He turned around and saw Sherlock and the other one battling for the upper hand. It was no wonder, since Sherlock had essentially been starving himself for his cover. John quickly pulled Sherlock away, which upset the balance of the other so his stomach collided into John’s fist. The kid wheezed out a breath before he collapsed onto the ground, heaving for air.
John continues to look dubious. Sherlock doesn’t blame him. He’s seen stories made from drizzles, and John knows this.
Sherlock chortles and John really should give up on trying to predict a mad man’s emotions. “I should think so,” Sherlock says with a curled smile, “the company, at least, is infinitely preferable.”
Probably because he was certain that John would follow him whether or not he checked. ‘Little brat,’ John fondly thought as he walked through the door.
It’s worth the effort. Sherlock could gather an entire Royal Garden’s worth of flowers and whisper to every single velvety petal, for the besotted look he catches John giving him one afternoon.
Sherlock pulls back to stare John in the face. His eyes are completely inexpressive, just watching John come to his conclusion about Sherlock's motives. John keeps going, "You want me to be coherent. It's not
"Hm, little Johnny," Jim croons as he turns the head to give a peck on John's lips, "ever the trooper."
Sherlock leaned in and began to gently tease John’s ear. A cheap shot, but an effective one, as John closed his eyes and tilted his head to give Sherlock better access.
At a loss of what to make of that expression, and maybe the look is meant to foretell a vicious attack, Sherlock simply sets the tea on the coffee table. He flings himself across the couch, waiting for the gargoyle to say something biting or make his way out the door. Instead, a clawed hand reaches for its separate mug and says,
Two groans of deep satisfaction mingled together. Sherlock let go of John’s hair after remembering that he was still holding onto it.
“Doctor Watson,” Sherlock said with exaggerated contriteness, “would you please accompany me to the store to acquire groceries? As I seem to have spent my allotted allowance on chemistry equipment.”
John's just gotten done with his wash-up after workouts when Sherlock visits again. There's no greeting or leering, Sherlock just inserts another disk like always. John stands, unsure of how to respond.
John leans against the door while Sherlock exchanges a few parting instructions with the driver. As they cross the threshold with Sherlock closing and locking the door behind them, John felt a little bit of weight ease itself from his shoulders.
He relaxes marginally, leaning back into his seat. Sherlock hasn't done anything, he's just sitting closer. Besides, isn't this what he wanted? For Sherlock to get comfortable with him? God, but he really hates this plan.
“God bless your scientific mind,” Jim praised with a manic grin. “Now where are your spare cloths? We need to clean up before our dear boy here becomes glued to the sheets.”
The question pulled John from his hot anger. Surprised, it took him a few moments to reply, “My father and uncle taught me as much as they could, sir.”
"Tell me John. Tell me why I shouldn't strip you down into something inhuman." And that. That is what it takes for John to finally get it. For all of the pieces to fall into place. Epiphany slams through him like a train, and he lets out a huff of air. Sherlock grins into John's neck, mistaking the breath of air for desperate arousal.
Mycroft leaned over the side of his throne, as if to discuss the details, when instead he was hissing, “What exactly are you doing?”
“How much longer?” John asked the boy who was walking at a much faster pace, “I could have parked much closer than this.”
Fear finally coursed through him when he noticed Sherlock's aroused flush at watching him struggle. "The asphyxia is needed for now John. I'm going to untie you when I leave, and I imagine you'll need to use the bathroom soon." Sherlock's voice became steadily breathier. His pale eyes were blown to almost black as he stroked himself, watching John lose consciousness once more. "If you try to wank yourself off without my permission, you will not like the consequences."
John stood there in the hallway, feeling increasingly awkward. He heard banging about upstairs, and thought Mary was tossing around something breakable and therapeutic. Then the banging traveled down the stairs, became a rolling sound, and moved into the bedroom.
“A courtesy we appreciate officer,” Sherlock said, “and one that you will find illuminates things quite well.”
The way he says it makes another realization light off in John's head. Oh God, what would have happened if he'd hurt the man but didn't kill him? Would Sherlock have gotten angry, even if it was an accident? What would Sherlock getting angry at him look like? John feels like he's going to throw up. Then it becomes a very violent possibility.
Sherlock went off to the study to make good on his promise. John trudged down the staircase to satiate his stomach, even while his mind couldn’t be calmed.
That statement is hardly reassuring. But John hasn't tried to get his hand back. He's either faking stoic, or is just too tired in his soul to even try. Sherlock goes back to placing kisses between each of John's knuckles. he travels up the arm to John's shoulder, still clothed. It's not his bullet arm, Sherlock traces that one with his hand. He places a chaste kiss on John's collar bone, and moves up to the neck.
"You still have that soldering tool, right?" It's Sherlock's turn to shake, but it's from excitement, not the anxiety of agony. He looks John in the eye, and Sherlock's pupils are so wide that it's hard to distinguish the silver at all.
But the paranoia doesn't go away. And John was a soldier and a doctor. He's trusted his instincts since he learned what the word meant. Also, it's probably a big indicator that he's up shit creek since they're turning back around. John glances at the guy from his peripherals, and catches him about to lock the doors. That would be clue number two.
, whose conversations and other assistance above-and-beyond inspired this chapter in its current incarnation.  Her insight was invaluable, and I am deeply grateful.
He wished he had something for this headache. He needed to get home. He'd told Sherlock he wasn't leaving. He'd been gone for hours now and he really needed to get home. The milk was going to go off.
John was talking about the case and that was a good sign, surely—he still thought of them as partners if he was talking about the case, didn't he?—but nothing about his body language suggested anything but duty. Now was the time to be very clever but he had no data with which to evaluate potential courses of action concerning this man who was not his John. He had to acquire data quickly.
"I know." Sherlock said it so quietly that John knew he was hearing the truth. "I know. That's why. Because promises and honour matter to you. Because that oath means something to you and you will never abandon it."
John continues to wring out helpless moans of pleasure and pain, trying to meet thrust for thrust with the little leverage available to him.
He's roughly positioned so his back is to the gargoyle's chest, being hefted like he's a sack of flour. They soar over the streets for a solid minute, and Sherlock's mind is completely blank for the duration. His feet are left dangling helplessly in the air, and Sherlock's heart jumps into his throat. The creature continues to spout off a litany of rock-based obscenities, and they hover over a nearby roof.
He hears Sherlock hiss above him, but he doesn't lose his concentration. John licks a steady line from the bottom of his cock to the top, where he covers the head with his lips. Sherlock's hips stutter at the sudden heat. John groans around the stiffness. Sherlock was right. The presence on his tongue and the friction from Sherlock's prick helps ease some of the warmth from his mind.
John looks at him in confusion, and it just occurs to Sherlock that John has never heard his brother's name before. He turns to face the window, an obvious dismissal of the conversation. John doesn't push it. When they pull up to the pub, Sherlock finally gives him a straight answer, "Fine, we'll just have a booth to ourselves. If any of them approach us and attempt to start a conversation, I will loudly proclaim their darkest secrets for the whole establishment. That will probably not endear you to coming back at any point in the near future. Are we clear?"
His throat made a loud click as he swallowed the agonized wail that was blooming in his heart. He desperately wished her phantom was present once more, so he could apologize. With every breath he possessed, he would beg for forgiveness.
He snarls, adding to the wheezes of pain coming from their leader. For a moment, no one moves, then it's mass confusion.
John blinks. At a complete loss of what else to say, he can only half choke an incredulous, “You’re joking.”
He scrambled through the papers, trying to find the rest of them. But they were nowhere to be found. Even though his heart ached to look at it again, he found the autopsy report of Harry. Everything was in perfect order, right down to the signature. Harry had died of an excess of alcohol, but there were no reports of bloodied lips or bruised ribs.
He’d just gotten the neck of the thing past his head, when he saw the swipe of a giant claw towards his back. A scream came unbidden from John’s throat at the sight of it. There a tugging pull at his throat, a loud ripping sound, and John wondered when he would register the sensation of the skin being torn from his back. When there was no white pain or rush of blood, John opened his eyes to see the gown in tatters at his feet.
John's been conscious for two hours now. His eyes flicker over nothing, and he jerks at the slightest hint of noise. Though it's all in his head. The box is soundproofed enough that a bomb squad could crash through his door and John would be none the wiser. Sherlock's copying the results of his 'Blood Patterns Under Duress' experiment between watching John on his computer. Unannounced as usual, Jim comes striding in with his tamed tiger close behind.
"What-" John moistens his mouth, "what can I do?" Jim's hand stills in his absent movements, and he looks at Sherlock. They hadn't fully discussed the dynamics of this moment, leaving it to what would make John comfortable. They share a silent conversation in the span of ten seconds, and Jim taps John's hips with his fingers.
That night, John told Mary the truth. “Sherlock came in today, and looked like death warmed over. After I called the paramedics he asked me to see him tonight.”
"It's just a phone call, Sherlock," John murmurs, "You can monitor it, for God's sake. She just wants to know if I'm okay."
Sherlock removes his lips from John’s prick and predictably answers, “No.” He circles his palm around the glans while his fingers brush John’s sensitive bellybutton.
Perhaps the assortment of specimens and bones is what's putting the gargoyle off. But, no. He doesn't seem like the type to be unsettled by that sort of thing. He looks at the gargoyle to see if he's looking at what his attention was originally drawn to, but he's looking at Sherlock now, slightly abashed.
He's not sure if it's curiosity or excitement that makes his heart thunder loudly in his chest, but John squeezes sideways through the door leading into Sherlock's flat. He doesn't see Sherlock momentarily slump in relief before closing the door behind them with a soft click.
The boy gave him another searching look, like he was waiting for John to figure out the answer to his own question. And John does, because there’s only one way that bullies would get away with wailing on a classmate in a school as regulated as this one.
John turned his phone to video, and hit record. He hated how having the phone in his one hand meant he’d be slower if called upon to use the gun with the other. Even shoving the mobile away into his pocket would mean precious time lost.
Sherlock tried to scoff in disbelief, but it quickly morphed into laughter without his permission. John joined him, but was quickly startled when Mary gently elbowed him in the ribs.
He was so exhausted that as he pulled himself up, he thought for sure his trembling muscles would fail him. Every part of him ached and begged for rest. His desperation and anxiety for what the future held pushed his body’s limitations.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock dismissed, waving a hand through the air, “your refractory period isn’t even close to being finished. Once you’ve recovered, we can try out a few new angles that would possibly work better in the limited lighting.”
Sherlock pressed his wrist against John’s open mouth. Instead of the taste of copper, the blood was rich and spiced like mulled wine. A sulfuric hint had John spluttering. The blood traced a path in his throat and dripped down his chin. John’s face wrinkled in displeasure, his atrocious situation forgotten as he demanded, “Why did you do that?”
Eventually, they did. By that time the sun had peeked over the horizon, and John felt like his eyes had dried inside of his head.
He's a little surprised when he realizes the man is still in his room. "What," John snaps, "curious to see what I consider the lesser of two evils?"
. So you sent him away to nowhere in the hopes that he would either calm down or make something of himself.”
Now, he can look down into the alley and get a good idea of what to work with. Usually, all he needs to do is intimidate, and slowly crawl down the wall before they piss themselves and run away in fear. But there are a dozen men, and all of them carry rudimentary weapons of rusty chains and planks of wood with jutting nails. Not a problem for him, but they could do some serious damage to the woman.
"Has anyone ever told you that you are completely without sense?" Sherlock asks numbly. He doesn't think that might have been a cruel barb, he's just struck with the sudden urge to leave so he can make preparations. But again, John defies normalcy by laughing. "Yeah well, I was in Afghanistan." His eyes sparkle when he's smiling at Sherlock like that and Sherlock can't help but grin back. Unknowingly to the both of them, Pickner rolls his eyes while wincing.
She pushed a lock of hair behind her ear and said, “Well, I’d better, uh, go find some way to make myself busy, before I put my foot in it again.”
“John, this way,” Sherlock kept his voice low to avoid attention. He grabbed John’s wrist to guide him around the corner, where they quickly ducked into a little booth that was sequestered by canvas screens, which kept away all curious eyes. A flickering tealight and two daisies in a small vase made up the centerpiece.
It seemed a cruel joke of God, to allow a man to grieve for the same person twice over. He covered his mouth to push back the sobs that threatened to spill forward. John still had work to do. Whatever grave sacrifice Harry had made, he would not let her information go to waste.
"Tremendously ambitious of you, John." Sherlock mocks, casually storing the gun back in his pocket. He snaps his gloved fingers, and a few of the men are hauling the body away. John watches the trailing smear of red in despair. He highly doubts the man will be properly buried. John's not religious, but he is a man of principle. The least Angelo deserves is to be put to rest.
John breathed in through his nose, and raised his hand to knock. He could go back and get his shoes, in an attempt to look less ridiculous. His hand hovered in the air. But then, John was sure, he would find an excuse to avoid leaving his house for the rest of the day.
This time when Sherlock stepped forward, it was to reach for John’s hand rather than his face. “Will you agree to be with me? In an ‘intimate relationship’ that you have so much difficulty in explaining?” Sherlock’s long and sharp teeth peeked from behind his smiling lips.
John's not sure if it's paranoia, but the way he says 'yet' makes John greatly wish he never meets Jim.
A panicked part of him begged to spring forward. To confess to the whole thing and be done with it. He would admit his wild follies, Jim would be appalled at his actions but laugh them away amicably, and they’d tell the story to Sherlock over breakfast as everything set itself to rights again.
This stops John, and he looks back at the man. He waves a beefy hand around the general vicinity of his eyes and says "Knew a man once. Had the same look as you did. Lost, alone. Barely a pot to piss in. So he turned to a lot of bad things, ended up in even deeper shit than before." He stops his speech, and takes another bite.
Any thoughts of repositioning are quickly removed when Sherlock climbs on top of the bed and straddles John’s legs. He immediately gets to work on John’s trousers, flicking the button loose with his long fingers. John squawks indignantly when the zipper is yanked down so fast it nearly catches his dick.
“Yes,” John answered without hesitation. His name was on the door after all. “Sorry, but can this wait? I have a call on hold.”
Sherlock had been pleased at first. He’d admired each new item with all of the attention of an audience member at a riveting play. The golden and blue tinted fabrics were his particular favorites. John didn’t notice the change in Sherlock’s mood until he was struggling with the layers of a giant violet gown.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said with genuine praise, “I was worried that your instincts would have been dulled.” He paused for a sudden thought, “I’ve never been happy to be mistaken. It’s an interesting feeling.”
John knocked twice, firm and loud. He rocked back and forth on his feet as they began to bite from the cold. There wasn’t an answer.
“Then it doesn’t bother me. Even poisons can have their practical uses. I believe there’s an entire field of study to their medicinal applications. I believe I can even distinguish a few of your plants for their remedial implementations. Why don’t you show me the rest of it?”
The hands cupping his face trace little patterns in his skin, and one moves to lightly grip the back of his head. Like John is thinking about moving away at any moment. Only a divine force could pull John away right now.
John rolls his eyes before he can stop himself. "It's not about cooking, it's about, independence. Being able to make myself what I want, how I want to. Having my own teakettle, not having someone bring up a fresh pot because I rung a bell." John starts getting lost in his rant, doesn't see the change in Sherlock's posture, "It's also about having my own space. Somewhere I can make a mark. A place where I'm not just blending into the furniture. Having little pointless artifacts around that help remind me that I'm a human being. That I have a personality besides being your damned sex/torture toy. Owning my own wardrobe would be nice too." John raises a sardonic eyebrow at Sherlock for that. He's worn nothing but plain low-cost uniforms since he's been here. He never knew how much he could miss the feel of jeans or his own well worn jumpers. When he fully notices Sherlock's expression, John goes very still.
However, the steadily rising winds and the thick sheets of snow soon cancelled those plans. Sherlock had travelled by a single horse in his urge for swiftness, and Hope was still nowhere to be found.
He’s so far gone that he’s barely aware of the fact that the hits have stopped. Long fingers trace the red stripes, and John jolts from the touch. Sherlock admires his work.
“How did you manage all of this,” John vaguely waved his hand at the fact that they had taken an alternate entrance, had a private booth to themselves, Sherlock’s foreknowledge of the layout of the restaurant and the behaviors of the staff.
They stayed like this in silence until Sherlock stepped away after it was finished cooling. John’s head jerked up. The chain was seamlessly blended into the rock until metal and stone became one. John could make out small veins of gold that laced its way along the surface of the rock.
John dons the clothes immediately, then shovels down the meal. He's worried, of course, of being drugged again. But what's the point? He either drugs himself or starves. And he needs to get as much energy as he can if he wants any chance of escaping here. When he's done, he grabs the soap and goes back to the curtained area. It couldn't hurt to actually get the stink of Sherlock and approximately two days of filth off of him.
“Truth is never confined to one confession, followed by a return to normalcy John,” Harry conspired in a voice of reeking meat. “It goes on and on and on. Endlessly spiraling until you reach the yawning depths of depravity.” When her fingers trailed the old path down to his wrist, she hooked under his skin with an ivory claw, and dug a shallow track.
Sherlock nodded, clearly pleased. Together, they moved towards the building. John surveyed the area, trying to see if there was another exit aside from the single spaced opening in the wire. The fencing seemed to be surprisingly intact for such a derelict area.
He threw together some clothes, grabbed his charger, and kissed Mary on the way out the door as she handed him a bag of food.
Lestrade shook his head, “It…wasn’t an inconvenience to us Mr. Holmes. Terribly sorry to have troubled you.” He looked at John with deep commiseration. John’s heart shriveled at the sight of it.
John's shaking from the drugs and the fucking. When he shifts his legs, he feels something wet between his thighs. He chokes on air when he realizes it's Sherlock's release. John closes his eyes. Breathes through his nose. Inhale. Exhale. Once more. Inhale. Exhale. He's a little steadier when he opens his eyes again, but he shifts to the side, away from the wet spot.
John delighted in the future that lay ahead of him, and didn’t think about the locked section again for quite some time.
Sherlock pulls out his phone and mockingly reads, "Mary Morstan: Counselor and Aid in Domestic Violence. There isn't a picture of course. But the very detailed descriptions and the hidden camera on one of my spies should be more than enough to go on, don't you think? She's already left the pub, according to my associates, but I don't. Really. Care." Sherlock has pushed himself from off of the wall, pocketed his mobile, and is stalking towards John. Pure, unadulterated, and furious jealousy makes those eyes glow.
John falls into a fitful sleep, ignoring the ache and dampness in his backside, and the bruises starting to form along his arms. When John dreams, it's of blistering winds, blinding sun, and the roar of gunfire and the scent of blood. He jerks awake to the hated color of white. John suddenly misses his forgotten reality so much he nearly cries.
"Mr. Mori- I mean, Jim! Sorry, it's, hello sir," John finishes lamely. The teacher that John had intended to see is sitting at his desk sorting out papers into a file. The company crashes his hopes of spending time with Mr. Holmes alone. Though maybe it's for the best. He would probably only be distracted from anything discussed.
John makes a broken sound akin to being murdered without being able to scream. Sherlock’s other hand is on his hip, which prevents him from bucking and choking Sherlock. Meaning that he’s left to endure feeling like something will rupture. And a treacherous part of his brain digs its heels into this clambering torture, begging for more.
"I need to know, John," the voice has an edge of desperation, and he grips John's shoulder in a way that's slightly painful. John doesn't even flinch.
Laughter burst out of John as his back hit the blankets. It wasn’t as if he found being shoved around particularly funny, but it was like something had come loose in the short fall, so that it could rise up like champagne bubbles and escape through mirth. His laughter stopped short at the sight of Sherlock naked and standing over him.
John could deal with the bondage, the gag, and the abrupt shift into sex, he’s been doing that almost every day. What makes him nervous is the mirror.
Sherlock’s strangely pointed question from yesterday was simply him gauging John’s reactions to those suggestions. Teasing about something like that was something John really needed to warn him against, especially since Mycroft had already assumed they were engaged in something illicit.
“You didn’t have to; it was practically written all over your body language. Plus, you’ve already demonstrated several instances of a compassionate and generous disposition.”
An ivory arm draped over his chest to pull him close against the warm body behind him. When he felt Sherlock’s breath against his nape, a portion of the tension drained from his muscles. He remembered fruit bursting with his blood, and clenched his fists to ward away the memory.
Sherlock head snapped up at the reminder. John’s head was bowed forward, his neck being the only thing the lens would document.
All of his nightmares are bad. But he hasn't suffered through that one for several decades. Must be the special day. A hundred and twenty years since close to his whole clan was slaughtered. Though Harry might as well be dead to him anyway.
“I am not,” John whispered back, feeling childlike. “I’m waiting for reinforcements. I cannot hope to argue against the pair of them on my own. An objective party is what I need to set things to rights again.”
John didn’t have a response to that. He just smiled, and felt his steps become slightly lighter. When he glanced at Sherlock, they were sharing the same smile.
But John was not dull and boring. John treated Sherlock’s ability to see into the future, along with all of his other abilities, as casually as one responds to the news that a close friend is doing well in life.
With a huff, Sherlock presses himself to the other side of the cab. Best to resist temptation for now. He's one finger trace along a sturdy cheekbone away from ravishing John here in the backseat. Sherlock watches the streets of London flash by. No doubt his brother will be popping a vessel in his massive forehead by now. Not only has the man failed to either kill or capture his own little brother, but he has also let slip a rare baiting ploy. The thought sends a little grin across Sherlock's lips.
“That was when I thought you were taking advantage of an adolescent with self-purpose and esteem issues. Now I know better. And I know that you weren’t entirely dismissive of the idea, as much as you wanted to be.”
Sherlock does so, flipping through channels without any thought or care to what they’re showing. Their shutters rattle in disapproval. The wind wails about Sherlock’s audacity.
John tossed them to the side and saw Molly startle. He pulled out files until he reached the one that he remembered contained all of the marriage certificates. Only his slipped out.
John should have made Sherlock give him a name the first day they met. He’s not sure if he would have done the adult thing and gotten the brat expelled, or if he would have had a nice little ‘chat’ with him instead. John could see a few malicious smirks from his mates, and some confused expressions for those who had no idea who this stranger was.
John hesitated to follow even an indirect order from this man. Still, curiosity won over his trivial pride, and he reached to open it up.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. John continued to stare at him unrelentingly until Sherlock finally admitted, “It wasn’t like she was a part of the operation!”
John has a huge grateful smile on his face and gushes, "Hello sir, thank you again so much for-" John stops when he notices Mr. Moriarty.
John felt the weight of Jim along his back before he was pulled up to kneel in front of his husband. Jim’s arm wrapped around his front, keeping him steady and pinned while his head lolled against the wretch’s shoulder.
“What’s curious to me is how you discovered the code to my safe at all Johnny,” Jim offhandedly said.
They expanded and flopped onto the ground with each trickling draw from his overtaxed body. His tongue and eyes felt shrunken and wrinkled. John was sure now he had far more in common with the physical resemblance of an ancient Egyptian corpse than just its wrappings.
John spread his legs so Sherlock could rest between them. Sherlock accepted the invitation. Slowly, he made his way down John’s skin, kissing and licking like he was trying to mark John with his lips and tongue. John’s hips swiveled when Sherlock dipped his tongue into his navel. He arched far enough that Sherlock pressed him down as he licked the dent of flesh between his groin and his thigh.
"Because she's not speaking to anyone, because she's in shock, and because you're not exactly a 'people person.'" Lestrade made air quotes, still refusing to turn around until he heard the zip.
His long fingers trailed down John’s neck. John shivered from the rise of gooseflesh, although he couldn’t decide if it was from the clinging chill on his skin or anticipation. Sherlock quickly unbuttoned the front of John’s shirt and pulled it off of him without preamble.
Is it the fact that he has a urethra up his prick? That Sherlock controls even that part of him? He can't even piss for himself in this hell. Is it the loss of those small indignities that make him human? No.
He confessed his thoughts to Sherlock, who was both fond and reprimanding of John’s forgiving nature. “It fills me with pride to know you have such an honest and kind heart my husband, but I often worry that it will be your ruin one day.”
The darkness wrapped around him like a snake around prey. In tighter and tighter bands, it squeezed his arms and neck while it clutched at his organs like a child crushing an overripe peach.
“Too many,” Mycroft confessed. “And in nearly every one, you become something that I no longer recognize.”
“I don’t know why you two are acting this way, but you are friends and professional partners. You should behave as such! Fighting over my attention makes no sense in any form. I am not a toy for two boys to pull apart.”
Sherlock looked unsure as to how to respond to that. He shifted on his feet and said, “I would’ve come up with something. I’m not so inept as to let myself starve.”
Instead of retorting or begrudgingly admitting anything, the teenager simply gave him a very odd look. Several moments of awkward silence passed, and John was about to ask if he’d said something unintentionally offensive.
The down side is that, by virtue of affecting a witch willing to commit to dark magic in the first place, they’ll often have a visage spell handy. Or at the very least be quite excellent with a makeup brush.
She looked at him, heartbroken. John knew he felt the same. But what should have been devastating to him was only sad. It was akin to an amputation that felt like a flesh wound.
The whispers grew in number. It seemed strange to John that with less than a dozen bodies, their voices could be so cacophonous. Truly, it was more that the dead had a great deal to say, and no opportunity to express it.
“You swear a lot more when you think no one is listening,” Sherlock’s words came muffled from underneath the wet towel. “I suppose you can’t curse at a student as much as you used to with a fellow soldier.”
Jim grinned at him. “You’re correct Johnny, it did. We merely required your insight to be certain of this avenue’s success.”
There was a ringing sound in John’s head. It was fairly similar to the aftershocks of a bomb that detonated a little too close for comfort.
He leans forward, placing a hand by John's head. The man doesn't even notice the sudden closure of distance, he's still focused on the hand that holds the bottle. A wicked smile plays over Sherlock's mouth, and he brings it forward to his own lips. John watches desperate and painful envy in his rapt attention. Never taking his eyes off of John's, Sherlock takes a long drag from the bottle.
Sherlock gives a reassuring squeeze to John's shoulders, but still backs away. John stumbles forward for a step, seeking out the only human interaction he's had in quite a number of hours. But nothing's there. He gropes, not leaving the soothing rush of water, but no hands reach back.
John was pulled past the threshold, and he clung to Sherlock’s shirt to be sure they didn’t lose their closeness. The door was shut by one of them, turning the rain and the outside world into a forgotten backdrop.
He considered sleeping on the chair in the room. Probably slightly better than the floor, and he couldn't be paid to sleep on that damned bed. Thoughts of sleep were chased from his mind when one of the armed guards rushed in, brandishing his...taser?
She smiled a little hesitantly, “Well, one of my coworkers, Janine, got tickets to the London Medical Conference, but her date cancelled at the last second. I thought it would be a nice vacation. We can rent a separate room and stay a little longer than the conference days. We could see the sights, make ourselves into proper tourists. Except we actually know all of the good places to eat. What do you think?”
helpful since I’ve arrived here. So, I just thought we could…go out. Somewhere. To commemorate the experience.”
John's moans are wanton now. He can't seem to stop thrashing. God, this is good, it's glorious and he's so damn
“It doesn’t have to be. Come with me to the surface Harry. Maybe you will get better there,” the words left John’s mouth without his knowledge or understanding of their meaning. But they felt right to say.
Here, at the top of the curve of the hill, the horizon became nonexistent. The distance between sky and land appeared miniscule. Like sweets to a child, the stars beckoned just above John’s head. Without thinking, he reached out a hand to try and touch them. Even though he grasped at nothing, he felt like he could pocket a few of them and keep them on his nightstand to ward off the loneliness.
But Sherlock’s words were still choking him with their honesty. John forces himself to swallow his confusion, unable to do anything about it now, as he is unable to do anything for a lot of things.
John felt his own rueful smile force its way onto his face, and pretty soon he was laughing right along with this strange boy.
John fought the instinctual urge to flush. He could practically hear the old Harry cackling in delight in his head. “Oh, I’m fine. It’s an old boxing injury. It acts up in the weather.” He gestured towards the window that displayed a perfectly sunny sky.
Sherlock is certain John can hear the moment his heart skips. He’d only been performing his…’encouragements’ for a few weeks. Hardly a long stretch of time by anyone’s standards. Especially for burgeoning feelings. Does this mean that John had been harboring these inclinations before this all started?
Sherlock's eyes danced over Jim's features, searching for an answer. The madman wasn't displaying his casual smile anymore. His beady brown eyes were dead, his face set into grim seriousness.
“Well now, isn’t this familiar,” Jim crooned. John felt vomit climb at the back of his throat as hatred turned his vision red. “Thankfully for the both of us,” Jim said, “it will have a different outcome than the last time I had a Watson pinned underneath me like this.”
It became unnervingly predictable, that when people begin to think such portrayals belong firmly in old fairytales or cheesy television programs, that they find their way onto a major segment of the evening news.
The last of the sleeping gas has worn off. There is nothing muffling his sensations, no excuse for the crest of pleasure overtaking his body. It's just him and Sherlock now. And John is forced to enjoy it.
Mycroft was back to looking at him like he was a cockroach that had somehow learned human speech. “Oh, am I?”
There was a muffled bang down the hall. The paramedics were here. Sherlock took out a small compact disk of white cream and smeared it on his chin. It wasn’t a perfect job, but with the rush the medics would be in, they likely wouldn’t notice.
is this?” He gestured wildly to the massacre he was still standing in the middle of. “Using your powers to take down an aggressive hag is one thing, manipulating shit so that a runaway criminal is practically tripping balls on his own nightmares is another, but
Turmoil churned his insides. He shook it off. There was still no guarantee that this was what was given to him, or even that it was deadly. Jim had said it was a side project. It was possible this was one where the effects had been made inert and John just had a coincidental case of the flu.
John's hissing through his teeth, and unshed tears are soaking through the fabric. God, his shoulder feels like he is getting shot for the first time. It's on fire while being torn to shreds. John worries that he might not even get sensation back after this. And then he smacks his sense of priorities over the head.
He looked down at himself, casual dress slacks and a bland colored jumper. His work clothes were meant to be as professional and unobtrusive as possible. John decided it really was a better idea to change. There was nothing wrong with that. He was allowed to look more like a human and less like he was trying to be the physical embodiment of plain toast.
The man hadn't had a phone on him when he searched him, so he checks the glove compartment. Nothing. Not even under the seats. What kind of man in this day and age doesn't carry a bloody mobile? John checks himself, breathes. Nothing for it. He just has to keep walking. He's still dangerously close to the compound.
There was no end to the conjunction of pleasure and pain for John. He was at once at his limit and eager for more. He had ceased to become a man and was an instrument of debauchery, meant to be used for the fulfillment of others while he soaked in hedonism.
John bucks up, gripping Sherlock's head closer to him. They pant into each other, barely parting to breathe. Sherlock smears their combined precome over themselves, and begins thrusting. It edges on painful, they barely have enough lubricant to be comfortable. Sherlock impatiently lifts up his hand and spits into it, then he's back to moving it over their joined erections.
“C’mon,” John encouraged, “this place has loads of stuff you haven’t been able to try yet. Museums, theatres, restaurants. There’s got to be something that can occupy that mind of yours.”
Sherlock knew perfectly well that it had done nothing to hinder her eyesight. She had aimed crackling electric energy with an accuracy that had been nearly deadly several times.
"Hello, I've just been," Okay, Jesus, how does he explain this without sounding insane? "kidnapped. I need to talk to a policeman. I know my attacker."
He walks over to his 'work station'. On the table next to the gleaming instruments is a clipboard, with the man's recent medical history, and what exactly his 'crimes' are. There's also a few dirty tidbits about his past if Sherlock wants to delve into psychological warfare. But the man is hardly clever or interesting enough for that.
John hadn’t wanted to lie, but he didn’t feel as though he had an alternative. Could he really tell his wife that he suspected his ‘miraculous’ recovery was due to running after their teenage neighbor? It didn’t even make sense to him.
He sucks and kisses until it glistens red, then moves to the pair. John's toes curl underneath himself, and John bucks up his hips. While John is naked, Sherlock is completely clothed. The friction from those expensive trousers hit him just right. John moans again, and wraps his legs around Sherlock.
“I don’t,” Sherlock bluntly said, “but I do enjoy your presence. I find myself looking forward to these visits more and more. You are strangely alluring. More so than any human I’ve ever encountered.”
Jim reached over to his laptop and clicked a few keys. He turned the screen towards Sherlock. The footage was immediately recognizable. It was John in his cell. The screen was split into four parts, all of them showing John after the second "session" they'd had together. Sherlock would be mad if it were anyone else looking in on his time with John, but with Jim, it had only been a matter of time.
He wasn't sure why he did that. Obviously John couldn't hear him. But it still filled him with warmth as he went off to work.
John stopped running. He waited for the bullet to find its way into some part of his body. Instead, he heard a loud thud, as well as the sound of wild gunfire and excited voices closer towards the center of the floor rather than along the edge. It was only after seeing the blinding flashes of gunpowder in the darkness did John realize he’d run far from the only light the group had to see in the abandoned warehouse.
Sherlock hummed, “Perhaps. There is, after all, very little in this world that is more dangerous than courting a dragon.”
Walking into his own tiny doctor’s office, John wondered why this school even bothered with its own doctor. Most of the kids here were rich enough to have their own family physician. It was probably a section on the brochures John never read.
Sherlock smiles and leans down to peck John softly on the lips. John’s heart stops trying to escape out of his skull.
“That seems a bit harsh,” John rebuked, “he has been nothing but amicable since I’ve met him. Perhaps a tad conversationally distant, but he’s always been a gentleman with a touch of sharp humor.”
John had been distracted by his ire towards Sherlock that he had barely heard the stakes of the game. By the end, he’d nearly forgotten the matter entirely and enjoyed a pleasant evening of light competition.
He snarls at the lack of stimulation, and tightly grips his hair in his hands. He ruffles the dark curls, fraying and tangling them around his pale face. He leaps up from the sofa, and paces for a while, measuring out the exact surface area with just his feet.
John sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He shifted on his feet and knocked again. He called out, “Sherlock? Please, open up. I want to try and talk this out with you.”
As John pushes open the curtain, he glares at the piece of technology. Maybe he can move the chair or table over and rip the thing out by its wires. It's a really stupid thing to do, but he's getting really close to not giving a damn. John whips the curtain closed, and moves to wash himself. It does as little as it did yesterday.
Sherlock impatiently pushes John up the stairs, nearly resulting in him landing face first on the steps. John doesn't protest the manhandling, just picks up his pace. The low thrum of anticipation sings in his veins, and John braces himself for when they enter the living room. He turns around to watch Sherlock close the door, and notices that the man is practically quivering with repressed emotion. He turns his attention to John, and he steals a breath from the look on Sherlock's face.
It was hard for John to follow the words. His mind felt as thick as a winter stew. He certainly remembered the wretched fight in the hall with Moriarty. He remembered…being determined. Assured in a pursuit of truth. After that his thoughts became twisted in cobwebs.
A few swiveled their heads to look towards him, the others were too panicked to truly comprehend what was happening. Sherlock tasted that intoxicating scent that had emanated from his brother not too long ago. It swept around him like a cloud, and he shivered when it left icy trails across his skin.
It was very possible the trigger happy kid had exhausted the group’s only gun, but John wasn’t going to risk his and Sherlock’s life on a maybe. He was about to fire a warning shot down at the floor between him and their pursuers, to show that he very much had bullets left, when Sherlock breathlessly instructed him, “When we clear the doors, throw your gun somewhere.”
He wanted to be near him. He wanted to hold him, and touch him. The fact rumbled through his body, and he shot up from his chair like it electrocuted him. John didn’t have any thoughts of propriety or ‘right timing’. He didn’t consider the time of day or whether Sherlock would be receptive.
“Clearly your weakened state has caused your mind to cast illusions on character and motivation. It taints your mind, and calls delusion reason.” Sherlock passed his hand over John’s brow to wipe away sweat. It was almost a symbolic gesture of wiping away the supposed plague of John’s mind.
Despite being naked, John felt completely warm. He moved like a creature that had never been introduced to independent motion.
Jim fell off with a shout of pain. John sprang to his feet and ran for the door. Pain laced up his foot, and he looked down to see blood dripping from his toes as he continued to run. He looked behind himself, to see Jim smiling at him with a look of dark pleasure, as he wiped at the cut on his cheek.
Had Sherlock actively sought to better himself, just to make John proud? Had he been trying to prove that he wasn’t an irresponsible kid with a huge brain? Or had he simply done it because John had asked him to?
Here's paradoxical John Watson, laughing at his captor because he pulled a cheesy romantic move. Sherlock is at least going to sabotage Jim's Paris connections for that one. He should've known better.
John saw the outline of one of the ladders, and made his way quickly down. Dread hollowed his chest when he didn’t hear or see Sherlock running along the ground. It could’ve been Sherlock who had jumped for him as a distraction, or he had meant for John to piece together some elaborate scheme and it all failed because John didn’t understand in time.
He sighs, the breath ghosting off of his sheets and escaping into the air. He'll never take the term 'breathing room' for granted ever again. There's a click from behind him, and warm light chases away some of the shadows. John doesn't turn toward it, though he longs to. He knows who's here, and John's not quite ready to face
John ran his hands down his face, and jerked in surprise when they encountered something wet. Which was strange, he didn’t remember crying, but there was a rawness in his throat that made it difficult to swallow.
Striding past the crowded booths, Sherlock bumped into someone. A snarling curse was ready to pass his lips, but he stopped short. He can't believe he missed this man when scanning the place, but he can see why he did. The man at first glance is entirely unremarkable, but the eyes are what catch his interest in the way nothing has for a very long time. The man is short, stocky and has golden brown hair. Almost immediately dismissible, except for the eyes, which are an honest but sad blue. "Sorry mate." The man muttered before ducking his head again and striding past him.
“Well, you got to watch last time, I wanted to perceive the experience myself. Or perhaps I feel pity at your expense, getting into a disagreement with your beloved and all.”
John gasped when he felt Sherlock’s cock twitch inside of him, and he looked up at the prince’s face in sudden curiosity. Sherlock’s eyes were tightly closed, and every muscle was practically rigid in their demand for restraint. The prince’s lips were drawn in a thin line, and John could see a hint of teeth digging into the bottom lip. The sight caused a molten gold tendril of power to curl through John’s abdomen.
John could feel their hearts beating against each other from how close they were pressed together. Sherlock nuzzled John’s temple, and began to whisper words he could barely make out. They sounded very similar to “I love you,” and, “You’re safe, you’re safe, you’re safe.”
He tilted his head in different directions, curious to see how the harsh light of the bathroom bounced off of them. Eventually, he shrugged and dried himself off.
Mycroft’s accusations might as well have been true, from how thoroughly John had fucked up their relationship.
Satisfied and smiling, Sherlock leaned back down to kiss him. When John was again breathless, Sherlock moved back towards his neck.
He wants to explore John's mouth as he cries out from being filled to the brim. He wants John to scream to the heavens from an overload of sensation (pleasure or pain Sherlock doesn't care), but Sherlock will be the only one to ever hear it. Sherlock loves this, loves watching his soldier come apart under his touch. And they've barely even begun.
“It’s alright John, you only have to endure it for a little longer,” Sherlock reassures him before striking anew.
There's a door inside of his spacious closet that opens up onto the roof. It had been one of the major factors of moving in, despite the hefty cost of the rent. In his line of work, a quick and hidden getaway in his own home was wise.
The thought that even when John was losing himself to sensuality, he still wouldn’t take or demand from Sherlock, made the detective growl deep in his throat.
"You will get to come John. You've done so well, that was very good of you," Sherlock slides in easily, and his tirade is cut short from a moan. "But remember why you're here John, I own you. I own your pleasure. And you took that from me, so now you're being punished." With each sentence end and beginning he slides into John languorously. Each stroke is a torture to his abused body, but it's also the most amazing sensation John's ever experienced. He can't shift in this position, can't gain any friction. He's forced to stay exactly where he is, take the pleasure when it comes to him. And a tiny part of John is starting to like that idea.
His claws traced looping patterns on the path left behind by his tongue. He said nothing, just watched the black talons circle around John’s nipples or trail along his throat. John shifted, disconcerted by the mercurial moods, before Sherlock finally spoke.
No, this was not the evidence Harry had risked everything for. He remembered the whispered sequence in his ear. Numbers. It had something to do with a string of numbers.
Sherlock gathers all of his supplies, and goes back to John. During John's imprisonment, he has not only been working. Sherlock has also been researching. Extensively. He could've just left John in the box like usual, taken him out periodically for breaks. But that leaves too much to chance. John needs isolation. The physical needs of his body had been an oversight. One Sherlock intends to rectify.
There, on the other side of the garage, is a door. John ducks down and glides by all of the cars, the escape route already mapped in his head. He hopes he's at least got some cover, but he can't be too sure. If he's bought himself some time, maybe they won't look here until it's too late. John reaches the door, hand on the handle.
John felt gratitude, but he also felt a small sting of shame. Even if he hadn’t gotten her approval, John knew he would have gone to see Sherlock anyway.
Heartbeat still at an all time high, John turns around, and runs straight into Sherlock. He's really too old to withstand so many heart attacks.
John can feel his heart beat in his ears. He's sweating along his forehead, lost in indecision. Does he go now? Is this his only chance at freedom? But it's so fucking obvious isn't it? There's no way that he can get out this easy. If it was someone rescuing him, shouldn't they have contacted him by now? Let him know that friendlies were on their way?
In his nightclothes and bare feet, making the walk to the greenhouse was difficult. He kept to the shoveled path he’d made for himself. Any wayward bare footprints in the snow would arouse curiosity if not suspicion. His breath fogged in front of him, but it was not so cold that his teeth chattered. Perhaps he simply hadn’t been exposed long enough, for his feet already felt like hunks of stone.
“Your level headedness under pressure is quite admirable though, the swearing notwithstanding. Although I suspect you do that for fun more than stress relief.”
This is an act of sexual aggression. There is no undercurrent of tenderness in the drag of John’s wounds across the thread count, in the dig of Sherlock’s fingers at the dip of his hip, or the way Sherlock is laying a claim to him through his stiff cock and the deep bites to his shoulder and nape.
Sherlock has barely left him during this time. He lets John use the bathroom privately, but that's about it. He's there to sit beside him when they go back to their old routine of watching movies. Though Sherlock has skipped the facade of paying attention. He mostly types furiously on his laptop or his mobile while John stares blankly at the screen. Occasionally, he'll reach out from whatever he's doing and rest his hand against John's knee. John doesn't move toward or away from the touch.
John was satisfied with the apology, and walked over towards their bed without support. “Good. See to it that you two retain your good rapport if you know what’s best for you.”
“I am packing,” Mary pointed out as she threw in a few shirts, “for a lovely weekend away with my coworker and friend Janine. Both of our dates cancelled at the last second, so I’m sure she won’t mind a chance to get away from delusional people that would rather loiter about in some microscopic town that’s a few pens away from becoming a sheep village.”
Though how he would stop a being that can tear through human organs like tissue paper is something he's still working on.
Sherlock has another indulgent look at the scar, and mutters reluctantly, "Another time." When Sherlock looks back at John, eyes still angry but helplessly hazy, Sherlock tamps down the urge to kiss once more. To consume and know John purely through his lips. Later, he promises himself. Save it for later. Sherlock pushes John gently back from the pants still pooled around his feet. The upset in his balance causes John to hit the side of the furniture with his back. And John notices that there's definitely a bag there, because his ankles can feel the burlap.
Sherlock is panting by the end, for the last part had almost been entirely shouted. During his tirade, he hadn’t realized how much this gargoyle perplexed him until just now. There had been the thrill of discovery, the disbelief at his actual existence, but now there was frustrated anger. He had just laid out most of this creature’s history, and it was infuriating to Sherlock. By all rights, the gargoyle should be an embittered and heartbroken mess. Not a well meaning vigilante that lived up to higher codes of morality than any human Sherlock had ever met.
He was never once empty while hard flesh continued to move inside of him. Unable to move, his only task was to accept what was being done to his body and his mind. It was simultaneously herculean and the easiest action to undertake.
Tentatively, the hand returns to rest against his turned shoulder. Slowly, Sherlock begins moving the hand in small circles, feeling the breaths wrack through John's body. He moves on to his back, the warm pressure traveling from John's shoulders to the middle of his back. Trying to sooth him as Sherlock would a skittish animal.
John’s eyes had been bright with victory, which had morphed to something far sultrier as he recognized where they were headed. He had expected things to end as they always did after such a close call like that. Frantic and passionate sex, where they congratulated each other with sweat damp skin and panting breaths.
“I really did behave like a berk last night. And you deserve better than that. A lot better. Even if it’s worth nothing to you now, I’m sorry.”
“I already am a man,” Sherlock said. He slowly turned around, and John was unable to identify the teenager’s expression. It was too hopeful and soft to have a name.
“I enjoy your presence immeasurably, and I know the feeling is shared. Why should you continue to be apart from me if we find it displeasing?”
“Yes,” John said. He gently lifted his hands to cover Sherlock’s, which were currently cradling John’s face. He brought up one palm and kissed the center of it. He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, and saw a mixture of shock and adoration.
Now here he was, pretending Mycroft wasn’t taking up space in his doorway, looking at him like he was a pitiable and mangy cat he’d found trembling in some alley.
John moves his mouth off of Jim's cock, tonguing it and holding the base steady with one hand. With the other, he supports himself on Jim's bare leg. Both of Jim's hands hold John's head steady, and it's a testament to his loss of control that the little thrusts he makes into John's mouth and the air are completely involuntary.
The idea is frankly absurd. If he hasn't cracked from all of this, he's not going to weep from a damned missing chair. John heads to the sofa to eat, when he finally spots the difference in his cell. It had been niggling at the back of his mind, but John had passed it off as anxiousness. The straps on the bed are gone. Now, it's a simple single bed with white sheets and a pillow.
“I researched the best conditions for stargazing and managed to find something that closely resembles those specifications. To be honest I would rather we were out in the countryside another ten kilometers, and at a slightly higher elevation, but this will suffice.”
Sherlock revels in the warm pleasure traveling from his groin to his gut. John squeezes firmly around him that it’s almost enough to make up for the lack of thrusting.
“You have to say it,” Sherlock insists, rolling his hips and watching as his cock slides in and out of John’s body.
Perhaps he would send her a text later to make sure she had made it to Janine’s. He thought better of it. She would probably drive back just to shove the phone down his throat.
You should know that if I disappear for a while, it's probably the F.B.I and they've found my search history.
Each step seemed to interrupt the soft snoring coming from Moriarty’s bed. Every heartbeat felt designed to give him away. He’d never been in Jim’s room before, and spared a fleeting moment to be surprised at how sparse it appeared. Aside from the necessary furniture and a desk for finishing work, there were no frivolities present.
It had been a while since he’d fired a gun. The vibrations of the gun’s kickback felt like a favorite song he had forgotten.
She crumbled away like coal dust, drifting across the floorboards towards John’s feet. He pulled them away like a child scared of a monster under their bed. An unfelt breeze lifted it from the floor, and the shape of a hand touched his face one final time before it seeped out the cracks of his shuttered window.
John put away his supplies in order to occupy himself. Inwardly, he was embarrassed at how weirdly flustered this kid was making him. How did someone looking at him make him so damned uncomfortable?
Jim grins and says, "What a sight you are, and we get to have it all to ourselves too. Is it Christmas?" John smiles softly, his self consciousness appeased at Jim's genuine eagerness.
John's not entirely sure if he'd actually been singing. But the thought had made him dissolve into jittery giggles for at least five minutes. The thing he hates the most about the visions is that he can't tell if he's asleep or awake in them. Sleeping is a passage of time, being aware is a way to record time. He can no longer tell if he's in the dream world or the waking anymore. The only time he's sure of either is when he can feel the metal of his coffin once more.
There was nothing else John could do except to continue. Out in the open, there was nowhere to hide. The sound of heavy wings beating against the air currents filled him with dread. He briefly thought that there was a chance Sherlock wouldn’t notice him, pressed against the mountainside as he was. But he was the lone living thing in this forsaken place, and his sheet was a cerulean beacon against all of the white and black.
Well, he doesn't find any arrows, but he does find a door without the concrete and white wash. Looking around, John carefully but swiftly turns the knob. It's unlocked. Air rushes out of his mouth as he peers around, ready to slam the door and bolt it if someone's waiting on the other side.
John nods his head halfheartedly. Suddenly, the thought of having Sherlock inside of him has become imperative. The image of Sherlock thrusting gently with his long, hard prick sends the blood rushing back to his groin to make him half hard.
"Thought I'd pop by," Jim explains, though it's hardly necessary. Not like he ever needs an excuse to barge in. "How's the little puppy doing?" Sherlock idly wonders when Jim had started calling him 'puppy'. Sherlock doubts John is a man who appreciates pet names, but it's something to file away for future reference.
“You would have tried to put your head through the wall after two minutes,” John countered, “at least this way you have something to complain about.”
John forced down that unhelpful bitterness where it sat in his gullet. The wind still continued to batter against his house. He thought of Sherlock, lying alone in his bed, able to provide the comfort and warmth that was achingly absent from John’s life. Abandoning propriety, John threw off his blankets to go rendezvous with his, no doubt, willing intended, when a noise stopped him.
John has to swallow several times before he manages to choke out, "How is this better? How is giving up now any better?"
“It’s rather urgent, if you wouldn’t mind,” Sherlock firmly said. He looked at John apologetically, who waved it away.
That he's not here, trapped in a cell that he hasn't been out of in God knows how long. He's home with a lover, only they've gotten a little adventurous with their tastes. The moment's gone before it can fully form, but the idea that John is almost that far into losing himself terrifies him.
“Boring,” Sherlock called out in the middle of John’s declarations to servitude. Sherlock was the only one who was privy to Mycroft sighing heavily through his nose.
Sherlock looks calmly back towards him, and the indifferent expression furthers John's rage. "I'll kill you!" John swears, ignoring the warning bells in his head that try to tell him that this is probably the last thing he should say to this psychopath, "I'll fucking kill you I promise!"
His urge to punch the man had at least disappeared, which was a welcome relief. And it was enough for John to want to continue their conversation, hopefully the both of them calmer from their self-imposed separation. He was going to sway Sherlock to his side or by God he would apply without his approval.
He flopped onto his back, frantically trying to come up with some way to make sure Sherlock would be able to escape. That was when he noticed that the sound of footsteps had been replaced with the sound of sirens.
“It would be lovely, to see precious stones hanging from here. As if you were a masterfully crafted idol made to be worshipped. It would be sensitive work, but I know I could do it.” The claws tightened. Out of reflex, John’s hands came up to circle Sherlock’s wrists.
The next blow lands across his straining ribcage. Sherlock continues whacking John with the crop in rapid strikes. The slaps echo like gunshots. John has no respite until his chest feels raw. While his sternum blazes, Sherlock trails the crop down to his groin.
Sherlock said nothing in response, merely scoffed quietly under his breath. The only way these idiots would possibly notice anything was if he decided to claim John in the middle of the courtroom.
And the gargoyle's face is suddenly filled with an overwhelming amount of greed that it makes Sherlock's eyebrows raise. Quickly, he brings it back under control, but there's still a desperate hope in his eyes.
Sherlock meets his demands, picking up his pace until John has no room left for any thought except ‘more’. Each thrust is punctuated by a wrenching noise from John’s throat. Sherlock is murmuring gentle reassurances, and it’s then that John hears his desperate pleas that he had mistaken for moans.
John breathes, so relieved he could melt. He can't stop uttering thank you's until he's buckled into his seat. The pair rides in awkward silence for a short time, until the stranger clears his throat. "So...what's your name? Or is this like a Jason Bourne thing?"
He stormed off before John could retort or try to amend this strange behavior. Jim stepped in front of him anyway, giving John a reassuring smile. “No need to worry about it Johnny. Sherlock’s never been good at playing with others. Go out and enjoy yourself, he’ll get used to it soon enough.”
John would be concerned about having this discussion in front of the cabbie, if he wasn't absolutely certain that Sherlock has somehow paid all of them off to recognize the pair of them and keep their mouths shut. They could probably openly talk about how John hasn't had a thought to himself since Sherlock kidnapped him, and the man behind the wheel wouldn't even bat an eye.
But after a night of romantic clichés and assurances that nothing untoward would happen to you, I was hopeful that you would accept my offer. And here you are,” Sherlock smiled in gentle triumph.
Jim was there, as he had often been there in more recent days, drinking coffee while reading the newspaper. The sight of the black liquid brought to mind a coffee that had tasted oddly floral. One that had shared a similar taste with a tea served over celebration and intense discussion.
It's a bit like watching a self-conscious elephant in a china shop. Sherlock quickly suppresses the resulting smirk when the creature darts a look back up at him.
“Marvelous,” Sherlock said, turning towards Jim who hadn’t moved to get the food. “If there’s enough for two John can have mine, he’s a bit taxed from last night.”
John leaned both hands on the bed like he was ready to vault over it. “Nothing, like that, is happening,” he growled the words between them so they filled up the empty spaces, and left no room for uncertainty.
Sherlock twitched. A brief look of regret passed over his face, but he answered honestly, “I believe that you see these apparitions. In regards to them having any real substance outside of the fanciful, no, I do not.”
They set off for the mansion, Molly joined John and Lestrade to offer any advice she could. John had dressed in the spare clothes of the stable hand, rather than his own clothes that Sherlock and Jim had brought. While John logically understood the need for validation to his claims, the thought of returning to the manor when he’d barely escaped last night grated on his skin.
Sherlock pays attention to John’s slowing heart rate and evening breathing, to be sure he comprehends everything when Sherlock says, “Perhaps next time we’ll use the ridged one.”
One hand still stays in his hair, while the one dripping in lube presses against his hole. John shudders, but doesn't stiffen. The finger slides inside of him when John breathes on the exhale. They stay like that, with Sherlock's single finger lying still inside of him, until Sherlock moves.
John couldn’t have been more blindsided if Sherlock had slapped him with full force. “What are you talking about,” he asked. Something that sounded like his common sense told him he was making a terrible decision in allowing Sherlock to explain himself.
Sherlock was silent. It was impossible to discern if it was from shock or understanding. “You do not enjoy it when he’s afraid of you, I perceive?”
He looked up into Sherlock’s swollen and apologetic face as the boy said, “I saw the ring, but it’s hard to parcel out sentiment over a past relationship or attachments to a current one. And I was
Sherlock's fingers are parting his lips, and John opens his mouth obediently. A foam stick clutters his mouth, the material lightly tickling his tongue. John holds it slightly in place with his teeth, and his breathing begins to pick up. Sherlock strokes his cheeks, and kisses him on the forehead. "You're so wonderful," he murmurs into John's skin. John squeezes his eyes from the unwanted rush the praise gives him.
It didn’t matter to Sherlock. He normally scoffed at the idea of impulsive decisions. What was the point of doing something if one did not consider the full weight of benefits versus consequences? But he wasn’t feeling logical. Sherlock felt petty.
“Sherlock,” John said as he reached up to grip Sherlock’s arm. He could feel Sherlock vibrating with coiled tension. “I’m not going anywhere.” John stared into Sherlock’s eyes to get the point across.
John winces when he steps forward. He fans out his wings to check the damage. He won't be gliding back home tonight, but that's fine. All of the wind has died down anyway. It's mostly superficial, and if he treats it with his tiny first aid kit back home and stone-sleeps deeply during the day, it should be fully healed.
John’s emotional walls slammed down. John realized he had done this on purpose, to try and get John off balance. Suddenly John’s little power play with keeping him on hold was exposed as a clear petty gesture.
At night, (or what he guesses is night, there are no windows), Sherlock cards his fingers through John's hair while he falls to sleep beside him. So far, neither of them have initiated any kind of sexual touch since John's first night out of the box. The monstrosity has been moved out of sight, thank God. The space seems to help with his recuperation more than anything. Now that it's not in his immediate vision, John can file it away, store it in a tight little box labeled "Hell: My 36 Hours". It goes right next to the slighter larger box called "Afghanistan".
Sherlock places the cock ring on a nearby cushion, and takes John's neglected cock in his hand. With slow strokes he tightens at the base and eases at the tip, a move that brings John to a continual knife's edge. He squeezes his fingers at the head, pulling a little at the foreskin.
John’s mind was caught on the previously unknown fact that Sherlock had been staying in his classes. He had assumed as much, given the stories that Sherlock had told him, and the way the teachers had all begun murmuring about devilish protégés into their coffee mugs more frequently. But the fact that Mycroft remarked on that particular change meant there had been a time when Sherlock hadn’t been able to or didn’t want to. Done with such alarming frequency that it became noteworthy when Sherlock actually attended school.
Molly nodded and quickly left with her things. Despite her statement of not having been involved with Sherlock’s plan, John was sure she was just as tired from the attention as he was.
It was cheaper in the long run to pay off a housing loan, and they were both assured that John’s credentials could get him nearly any job where that kind of education was lauded.
He pushed at Sherlock’s claw despite the futility and stupidity of the gesture. The dragon made no acknowledgement of his struggle. He dropped John on the large and overstuffed pit-sunken bed. John bounced on the stuffing.
John bites his lip, and nods, even though the man probably can't see it. The door shuts, the lock slides into place. This time without the false hope of light. John's not sure if that's worse or better. He dreams of being under a waterfall.
Sherlock greedily soaks in how John’s flush of shame is darker than his tones of arousal, how John’s insides turn warmer, and how lax his body becomes when John fully accepts that he can’t stop what Sherlock has set in motion.
He didn’t want to lose focus on Sherlock. He didn’t want to look away for a moment. Even if this ended in rejection, he wanted to remember every expression he might possess, if this was to be the last night they would see each other.
John breathed deeply, which soothed out his sensitivity so it wasn’t as encompassing. “Okay, go,” John said. There was no hesitation in his voice. Little by little, Sherlock eased himself inside.
Again, the soft whisper slid through his ears, as gentle and startling as a cold caress. He whirled around to face the noise, but nothing was there.
When he just stood there, nearly vibrating with suppressed energy, John tried to break the silence. “I’m sorry Sherlock,” but the boy waved his hand to cut John’s words out of the air.
“Nonsense, you slept soundly. Which is why I fully expected you to still be asleep. You should get back into the bed nonetheless; you may not be fully recovered.”
Immediately, alarms blare, and the dusty pipes begin spewing out tepid water. People curse and scream, attempting to cover their heads while finding the nearest exit.
“Did you not enjoy it?” Sherlock pointlessly asks. Of course John didn’t. But maybe the spontaneity overshadowed any pleasure.
This time, John barely jerked awake. As he began filtering in the sounds and sensations of a cold winter morning, he wondered if the lack of a violent awakening meant he was becoming used to these visions. He prayed deeply to God that this was not so.
Holmes peers at him from across his pointed fingertips, and sighs from his nose. "I've told Mr. Moriarty about your blunder. He seemed rather surprised as well."
An unbidden chill rolled down his spine, but he paid it no heed. Then his eye caught on something else, and his brow furrowed. What he’d originally assumed to be the natural shadows of his face was clearly the beginnings of more violet patches. Too faint to be bites, and too small for a mouth besides. John was struggling to find a suitable comparison.
His thirst grew and grew, until John was terrified that Sherlock was going to leave him in here just to suffer and die. He tried to scream, but a choked cough was the only thing he could manage. Each new trickle of sweat was him mentally cataloging how much inner reserves he had left before dehydration kicked in. Then, mercifully, a tiny door with an outward hinge opened. No light was admitted inside. Whatever world was outside of his cage, it was dark as well.
As if he has anything to be tense about. As if Sherlock has a thousand different thoughts buzzing like kicked wasps in his head. As if he’s the one standing on the edge of a precipice, being slowly pushed forward every passing day.
“I-you didn’t have to tell me all of that,” John said hesitantly. Sherlock whirled around with anger burning in his eyes.
Sherlock dashes back to the crime scene, which is now deserted. Police tape covers the entrance, but Sherlock doesn't need to go inside. He looks around and quickly finds what he's looking for. He climbs up the fire escape, and nearly slips when the rusted metal creaks underneath him.
Sherlock smiled, although it was a feeble and hesitant thing. John felt himself soften even further at the worry that pulled at the edges of Sherlock’s silver eyes. “I must have given you a fright,” John observed, “my deepest apologies. You surely know that causing you pain of any kind is abhorrent to me.”
“If you agree to give me updates, nothing untoward, just to inform me of how he’s doing, then I will relocate his handlers onto more productive projects.”
“If you say that one more time I might very well slap you,” John promised. He raised himself up on his hands and knees. “Go on then, but after this we are buying an entire pack of--”
Those same fingers were back at his entrance, impassively prepping him with more slick as Sherlock asked, “You said he seemed fine? After you spoke with him?”
“It wasn’t his fault,” Sherlock was quick to jump to John’s defense, “he didn’t understand his actions. He would never strike out at us if he was himself. I can assure you-”
Lestrade was brought into it. Lestrade did not get roped into anonymous mugging cases. Lestrade was only involved when-
He laid like that, counting every one, until he could hear John snoring above him. Sherlock did not have the slightest care over what this position would do to his neck in the morning. Sherlock wondered, for a moment, how he could have ever thought that silence had been comforting. How could he have possibly considered the absence of noise to be a peaceful environment, when Sherlock was surrounded by the soft snores, steady thumps, and shifting weight of his lover?
Sherlock enters from the direction of the dining area, smug grin plastered on to his face. "Well, well," Sherlock tuts, "I have to say, you've made a new record John. Escaped and out of my grasp for, oh, two and a half hours? Well done. If you had kept moving, you could have had an additional half hour to your time."
“Incredible,” John said with the clipped cracking tone of broken ice, “you’ve managed to flatter my abilities and belittle them at the same time.” He moved off of Sherlock’s chest. He pulled up his breeches with sharp jerks while ignoring Sherlock’s platitudes.
John laughed and shook his head. He wasn’t sure if he was getting old, or if Sherlock was naturally boundless with energy, but either way he was caught up in the whirlwind of Sherlock’s emotions. It was a little strange that John was perfectly fine with being tossed about by his whims.
“That’s the part I’m trying to understand Doctor Watson,” Mycroft said with infinite patience, “what exactly are you asking of me?”
John blinked in shock, before a helpless chuckle escaped him, “I don’t think I’ve ever heard a kid call a couple of bullies ‘inconvenient’ before.”
, it's that you're so damnably obvious about your disgust for me that even a nosy cunt like her can sort it out. Is that it?"
“I rather felt like marking you,” Sherlock replied, “were you upset with the location? Would you rather I branded you somewhere more noticeable?”
Sherlock’s hand slides over John’s, rubbing the back of it soothingly until his fingers uncurl to stop making indentations in his palm. Sherlock laces their finger together, and John feels the weight of everything pressing against his mind leave in a poisonous exhale.
He ate a few more bites of his dinner to savor the moment. When he was done, he looked up at the both of them and said, “I believe you should share involvement.” He wondered if they had truly expected a different answer.
“You heard me, this is about the two of you, strutting about like great big peacocks. You might put up a face for the reporters, how you would much rather be living the quiet life, but it’s just the opposite isn’t it? You
John opens his mouth to protest, either the continuation or the audience he's not sure, but Sherlock's mouth closes over his, and he forgets to say anything. Sherlock gently probes John's mouth with his tongue, and the young man groans from the sensation. His eyes are closed, reveling in the smooth texture of their tongues dancing over each other. He comes back to himself when he remembers that Sherlock has been kneeling for quite some time, and he must be aching by now.
Just as Sherlock feels the pulse of John’s dick flutter in a familiar way, he bites down on the ragged remains of scar tissue.
John was taken aback. Students may have been required to take the art courses as part of their curriculum, but he had assumed Sherlock would be more hands on and go with sculpting or painting. “Really? What do you play?”
His heart still pounded wildly in his chest. John stared at the ceiling to get himself under control once more. He remembered speaking to Sherlock about how his health had been faring towards the better, while Sherlock had promoted caution. John bitterly wondered when his husband would stop being right about everything.
John thought about it, “You know I think you could use one, you’re practically rail thin.” He smiled at Sherlock’s glare and held up his hands, “Alright, I see your point. I just didn’t think that you liked all of the you know,” he gestured at the brick façade and wrought iron lamps on the outside, “pomp and circumstance.”
"By the rock, what's happened to your flat?" Sherlock turns around in alarm when he hears the outcry, but nothing is amiss.
“She was dead, you felt needlessly guilty. You suffered from nightmares and felt as though you couldn’t turn to either of us for help. The ones responsible for taking you away. So you blamed us. Saw us as the reason for her death.”
"I'll have nothing, while this useless tub of lard will have every pastry you carry on your dessert cart." Sherlock spat, not once looking at the hapless man. Mycroft's expression soured momentarily, but turned to the shocked waiter with a plastic smile.
“We should be getting back,” John said around a yawn. “I think you have school in less than four hours.”
"This is a surprise, usually you can't be bothered to come support Sebby in his performances." Jim's eyes glittered, and Sherlock highly suspected that Jim already knew why he was here.
Seeing John's lips stretched around the gag is a pretty sight, but he needs to be able to hear John for this next bit. He unbuckles the gag, and John repeatedly opens and closes his jaw in response. When his mouth is relieved, John goes back to gritting his teeth in denial. He can feel himself slipping, dripping away. He's becoming desperate to come. But he can't. He won't ask.
He crawls from roof to roof, his rush makes his talons dig into the plaster and concrete like butter. He almost loses where he heard the noise, before she screams again yelling, "Help me! Somebody please help me!"
Sherlock slammed through the door, fury turning his silver eyes to steel. He rushed to the desk, intent on throttling Jim, but was stopped by a hand to his chest from the swiftly moving army man. Sherlock smacked the hand away, snarling, "Don't test me, Sebby," Sherlock sneered.
“Help him up and bring him over here, I want to talk to him,” the leader slouched back into his seat. Clearly, insulting idiots was exhausting. He and Sherlock had a lot in common, John wryly thought.
He pulled himself out of bed to immediately wince at the soreness that made itself known. No matter the preparations Sherlock had thoroughly bestowed him, such aches couldn’t be avoided. He sighed and resigned himself to catching up on medical books while he recovered.
The hand holding his hip moves down, to softly cup his balls. John moans, rolls his head back into Sherlock's shoulder. The man stiffens, then begins shifting back and forth across John's wet backside. Sherlock releases his own moan, gripping John's cock more firmly now.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, "Yes, and then after she's assured of your well-being, she'll start pestering you for pick-ups at pubs again. I don't like her, John. I don't want her to bother you anymore." Sherlock nuzzles John's neck, goes back to giving little love bites. John nearly moans when Sherlock finds the right spot with unerring precision. Instead he grips Sherlock's shoulder to steady himself.
“Being recognized for your work, and knowing you did something incredible, isn’t the same as conforming to every teenager with an opinion,” John sternly said. “You’ve always been brilliant, but now people are finally paying attention to that. Weren’t you sick of people not recognizing your gifts?”
John knows that there’s nothing wrong with being acclimated to something that you’ve been subjected to for a whole year. But some tiny part of himself always manages to worry at how easily his body relaxes to Sherlock’s touch.
"Shit!" John spits, he moves towards the man, back into battle mode. Get the civilian to safety. Tend to the wound. Fire back. He'll work on the logistics of the last one later. "Come on!" John grips him by the unwounded shoulder, "We have to mo-" He's cut off from his instruction when he's pulled back by two armed men in black gear.
In any case, he could have this tested if he brought it to the apothecarian. He didn’t have anything to carry the loose leaf, apart from his own clothes or whatever he could cup in his hand. Since he didn’t want to risk bringing the whole jar with him and being caught with it, he’d have to smuggle some in his fist until he could store it discreetly.
At first, he was entirely unassuming. His clothes weren’t ragged, but they were rough, and worn down from long use. The tanned skin, corded muscle, and the evidence of calluses on his hands all pointed towards a farm hand.
Sherlock groaned impatiently. He released John long enough to tug the rest of his clothes off with a few short pulls. Once again John’s hands were caught and pinned above his head.
"Don't have a misplaced sense of sentiment John. The money went towards the terrorists they tried to stop in the first place. Have to respect clients and all."
It is also a fantastic opportunity to observe the way he walks. While a human would walk on the flats of his feet, the weight evenly balanced on the balls and heel, gargoyle walks exclusively on the tips. His talons scrape and click along the wood, no matter how much the creature tries not to let them.
John felt a little insulted. He considered himself at least threatening enough for a gun. His bemused expression didn't amuse the guard, who ordered him to face the wall. John turned slowly. A taser might not be as serious a weapon as he was due, but getting electrified was not on his to-do list. As John focused on the hated walls, he concentrated on hearing what was happening. It sounded like several other people were in his cell, carrying something large by the grunts of effort.
"By sleeping for years over the decades," the gargoyle answers like it's the most obvious thing in the world.
John remembered meeting Mary during medical school, and how promising and rewarding that had been. They’d both been young, but self-assured in their futures. He was studying to be a surgeon, and she wanted to be a nurse.
Both John and the officer stared open mouthed at Sherlock’s story. Before John could even think of a rational response, Sherlock continued. “Doctor John Watson is his name, he helped me document the evidence of a prominent community member fronting drugs through a nonprofit organization. You may want to go ahead and contact your superior.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Sherlock dismissed. “They wouldn’t have been looking for it and I didn’t see them go anywhere near where it was tossed. Come on, I’ll help you find it.”
Sherlock and Jim had explicitly told him this was a room of deadly concoctions. If what he was holding was the true source of his troubles, then John had been betrayed in the foulest of ways.
He’d been torn from his morose thoughts when a sound greater than a thunderclap rang out. John had crouched low without realization. He looked for the source of the noise. It resounded again, closer, and overhead.
When he pulled back, the mark was even darker and larger than the previous one. And unless John wore a high collared shirt, it would be easily noticeable. There went the possibility for keeping Mycroft’s court members guessing. Oh well, that was his brother’s problem. Sherlock rubbed his thumb over the bruise, pressing down with alternating pressure. The shape made it appear as though he had stained John’s skin with ink from his smearing thumb.
“I discovered it, what does it matter how?” John’s voice boomed in the small space, “Shouldn’t it matter more how you’ve done nothing but lie to me the entire time I’ve known you? That your ‘business partner’ murdered my sister? That you’ve been quick to ensure that everything I say has no real merit, just to hide your crimes?”
The bell rings, and everyone bolts out the door. All to either pat themselves on the back or to curse their teacher into a dark oblivion without him overhearing.
“No pressure,” John dryly said, “Hang on, ‘transaction’? You mean you’re going to try and bust him for selling you drugs? By yourself?”
He’s always avoided imagining what Sherlock looks like when John is trussed up like this. Now, he can see the intense concentration on Sherlock’s face when he trails his fingers up and down his neck. He knows how far Sherlock’s lips part when he leans down to suckle another mark onto John’s shoulder.
Moran walked down the corridor, falling back on the stride of a soldier. Here, it always felt like he was at war. Several familiar turns, and he was back in front of his boss' study. He didn't bother to knock. Jim always said it was unnecessary. Once he closed the door behind him, he stood off to the side, waiting for Jim to acknowledge him.
It would have to be somewhere high, somewhere regular humans didn't normally access. A place to survey all of London and to get from one district to the next in relative ease. Central London would be the best place, but that was densely populated, even at night. There was no way something could-
Over the past few months, he’d gained a fiancé and lost a sister. Sherlock was everything they needed and, miraculously, also everything John wanted.
He ignores the way the rain pelts a little harder when he sits next to his friend, like a nagging relative that accuses him of not being good enough for John.
It looks like it's been taken directly out of a BDSM catalog. Especially with the white walls and bright lighting. John can see where he's supposed to go, what he's supposed to do. The top and middle part of it is heavily cushioned, meant to support his midsection. It slopes down on either end, though the place where his arms are going to be strapped in are slightly higher, so he isn't choking himself when he's lying face down on the thing. The leg portions are placed far apart from one another, clearly meant for him to be on display, in every sense of the word. Sherlock's taken it off of the luggage trolley, so the heavy looking furniture will stay put. No matter what kind of rigorous activity it goes through.
Mycroft asked him who he was and why he had sought an audience, though Sherlock was under the strong suspicion that his brother knew every damned soul from here to the neighboring kingdom. He certainly kept track of every Omega in the land, to watch out for any potential candidates that would breed fine heirs.
John looks over, knowing that it always annoys Sherlock when he doesn’t look at him whenever he speaks. Normally John revels in whatever petty grievances he can cause, but tonight is supposed to be special. Any willful slight on his part could lead to drastic consequences. But then again, that’s not very different from any other night is it?
John crossed his arms, ready to use his Captain voice. Experimentation in the name of science was all well and good, but one does not barge into another’s house and steal their tea. He stopped himself at the sight of Sherlock’s clear hesitation in adding the teabags to his tiny pile of pilfered goods. The boy’s face was twisted in indecision, and the sudden uncertainty drew John up short.
John grips his head, frustrated and, yeah he'll admit it, scared. There's been several cameras he's passed on the way here. John has no doubt he's been spotted already. And if someone like the tweed man was working for Sherlock, who knows how many other spies he's got lurking about?
John saw no reason to deny it, but also felt too weary in mind and heart to verbally respond. He nodded, and the brush of his skin against silk brought back the sound of flaking skin against earth. It was a great effort not to shiver.
“Keep the blanket,” Sherlock said as he unbuckled, “it was old anyway.” His hand reached for the door handle, and John went blank with panic. While it wasn’t exactly a tearful goodbye or a heartfelt ‘Go fuck yourself’, Sherlock’s flat tone and stiff demeanor all spoke of something final.
And there's...barely anything. In the square well lit room are a few meager possessions of a possible resident. In one well shaded corner is an old-fashioned ice box. When Sherlock opens the lid he is greeted with an array of animal carcasses. Mostly pig, though a lamb flank is thrown in their somewhere.
John is only tall enough for the balls of his feet to rest on the floor. His genitals are flaccid and hanging down in the space of the small "Y" where the legs meet the center. He feels so fucking exposed and vulnerable. John hides his face in the crux of his shoulder, shame coloring his cheeks. He jerks when Sherlock runs his hand across his bottom.
He made his way over to the heavy desk. His steps were swifter, now that he was so close to his target. He went around to the chair’s side of the desk, and dropped down to his hands and knees. His fingers scraped under the seam where the flat top met the middle drawer. He pushed in, and a small cuboid of hollow wood dropped open, allowing a ring of keys to slide free and clatter onto the floor.
Sherlock shook his head, “No. Only nonsensical mumblings as you tried to twist off of the bed. And a great deal of shouting.”
It goes on for months this way. A conversation taking place in fragments and across time and continents. Tiny intimacies kept in your breast pocket. Him there, close to your heart.
John just has time to slip the round pulsing head between his lips before Sherlock is spilling over his tongue.
John feels anger flare through his chest. Sherlock’s tone is flippant, as if he doesn’t take the Bede seriously. “What do you mean? I thought A New Dawn sent you.” A New Dawn is the local rehab clinic and is often a referral for the library’s program.
“Mrs. Hunter makes this herself, you know,” John says, sinking back down into the water. “They had already sold out of the chocolate by the time I popped in, but she assured me that the strawberry was just as good.”
"Thank you," Sherlock breathes out, his eyes fluttering shut, the etched lines of his face easing into relief.
“I want that too,” you say, when you can, tucking your face into his neck and wrapping your arm around his waist, fitting him close, as close as he can get against you. “I want you to take me with you. However you can.”
John rubs his fingers over his brow, at war inside. How will he ever find his way back to his competent self if he did this? How will Sherlock ever see him that way again if he did this? Ironically, his old self would have told him to lean into it, to go to the same places he had urged Sherlock to go to all those months ago.
Zoe nodded, shading her hazel eyes with her hand to look up at him. “All right, well come on down to the house when you’re done. I’ll make you some lunch.”
John nodded and stuck out his hand. Sherlock shook it, a brief, firm motion. “Thanks again. It’s all she’s been able to talk about. We’ve been googling bees almost every night.”
He takes Sherlock’s hips in his hands, hard. Feels his bones rigid through his soft soft softest skin.
He rubs the trickling oil into John’s bollocks, rolling them in his palm, massaging it into John’s perineum and briefly, too briefly, over the entrance to John’s body. Sherlock moves back up, skimming lightly over John’s stomach and chest, over his shoulders.
As September turns into October the crickets quiet and the heat is replaced with a burn of a different sort: the icy sear of the wind and the rain.
John can’t breathe. Can only take in Sherlock’s air. The air that he is finished with. John will take it. Will breathe it in and let it sear him.
“Quinn did a number on you,” she said, heroically managing to contain her laughter at his disheveled appearance, coming forward to place the steaming mug beside his plate. Sherlock, shooting a quick withering glare at the dog who was happily chewing on what looked like a strip of beef jerky on her dog bed in the corner, pulled out the chair and collapsed into it.
“My brother says that 3 out of 5 produced arrests. The other two, the ones M knew I knew about, had been cleared out months ago. It was expected.”
Or when you drag your tongue around and around the top, dipping beneath the tart edge of his foreskin?
“No, but I overheard her talking to someone about some new vintage one she had bought online for a steal and that’s what she told them. Apparently, she’s been collecting them since the 90’s.”
His stubble bristles at the edges of John’s mouth, making John’s blood fizz and snap to the surface of his skin.
“John.” Sherlock had stuck his hand out and John was sure that if he didn’t stop him, Sherlock would say something inane and ridiculous like, “To the best of times,” and he would walk out of John’s life. Forever.
“You fucked me hard and quick, all while someone was in the stall next to us. They could hear us.” I was whispering, the words were coming on truncated bursts of air. “They could hear the sound of our skin slapping and those little grunts you make when you’re close…”
Sherlock pours himself into John’s arms in a pliant melted rush of supple, silky skin. John wraps his arms around his neck and pulls him close, his cock still hard and trapped between them, the sticky head rubbing against Sherlock’s stomach.
John’s not even sure why they’re laughing but he supposes that it has something to do with the fact that Sherlock decided to gift John with a box full of sex toys on the night when John had decided to declare his love for him.
“Sherlock…” John trails off doubtfully. His silver hair glints against the water which is streaked with gold candlelight.
“I love you too,” Sherlock says, clambering up, all knees and elbows, and straddling John’s hips. John reflexively reaches for him, but he’s brought up short, hands jerked back down to the pillowtop.
Sherlock can feel John watching him, but he keeps his eyes shut and his hands steepled in front of his mouth, willing his heart rate back to normal. Instead of focusing on what he doesn’t know about John Watson, he zeroes in on what he does. And he starts to formulate a plan for how the rest of the trip is going to go.
who is recording a podfic. Fandom you have my heart forever and ever. This community continues to astound me and save me. Thank you to everyone who read along with me as I wrote. Thank you to everyone reading now. Thank you to everyone who kudos and commented and rec'd and reblogged and shared with others. Thank you, thank you, from the very bottom of my heart, thank you.
“I want you to do it to me,” Sherlock rumbles, nuzzling at John’s ear as he slings his arm across John’s belly and draws him close. John rolls over onto his side and slips his knee in between Sherlock’s, drawing the duvet up and over them. John’s still got his pants on, but Sherlock’s starkers and emanating heat. John tips his head back and Sherlock takes John’s mouth in one slow, slick slide. John presses closer, opening his mouth wider, as Sherlock’s tongue slips between his lips.
“I’m sorry,” John says, eons later, hiding behind his arm which he has, at some point thrown over his eyes. “I’m sorry I couldn’t last, Sherlock.” Silence. “Sherlock?”
He’s got his trousers open, pushed down with his pants pulled tight around his thighs. One hand is splayed wide against the pane, one is working furiously fast over his erection. His naked buttocks peak out from beneath his shirt tails and the hem of his suit jacket, the firm flesh clenched tight.
“Dad, honey is made from, oh, my gosh, Dad, you’ll never, never guess.” She was bouncing on her toes now, the antennae swinging back and forth.
“But, he’s not in therapy anymore. And it’s his bloody brain. Sometimes, he can’t turn it off. If he’s not distracted, it’s like he can’t function. It eats him up from the inside out. And there’s just me. I’m the last line of defence.”
He obviously didn’t understand and he was muddying the waters. I had decided to give it up and that was that.
Sherlock still looks blissed out so John leans in and kisses him, giving his arse a little slap to get him moving.
John stands and extends a hand down to Sherlock. “Yes, that could get rather tedious as I plan to bugger you as often as is humanly possible.”
Not only had Sherlock stopped by a sex shop on his way home to change his trousers yesterday but he’d also nipped into the waxing shop next door and had his arsehole stripped. The soft velvety skin rubbing against John’s mouth that morning had been exquisite. It’s still pink from where his beard had rubbed the skin a bit raw. A primal sort of pride fills John to see Sherlock marked by him.
I’m gay, father, please stop suggesting I’ll marry Ann Pritchett down the lane, if you’d be so kind.
“When someone’s heart rate increases, it sometimes feels like it skips,” John murmurs, running the tip of his nose down the bridge of Sherlock’s nose, over to nuzzle the side, “or flutters.”
John shakes his head, agreeing. “No, I’m not. It’s just one person I want, it turns out. Just one person I’m in love with. And it has bugger all to do with his gender.”
I became a part of the house, like the pipe and the violin and the beehives and the books. I was necessary. I had purpose. It is not going too far to say I was beloved, as all of the other institutions were.
“Hey, Zoe,” Sherlock called, catching her before she’d disappeared down the other side of the road. “Do you have anymore twine? I’m running low and need it for the smoker.”
John glances up to see Sherlock, hands clasped between his knees, gazing at the dildo, his eyes half-lidded and unfocused with dark, dreamy lust.
If you have read John’s stories of our adventures then you have an idea already of the malignant torpor that plagued me when I was without sufficient stimulation for long periods of time.
Just as he’s rounding the second staircase that leads up to his room he feels his mobile buzz in his pocket, a burr against his thigh, vibrating against the tip of his burgeoning cock.
Mary looked around John’s shoulder, “They might be doubly insufferable when they realize you’re here. Unless, you didn’t want to stay?”
“Oh, did you think we were done?” Sherlock asked innocently, as he tugged at John’s clinging trousers. The motion forced the serf onto his side, and John squawked in protest at the treatment. Sherlock tossed the fabric away, climbing back onto the bed and over the boy.
Sherlock starts to pull John’s jeans down, and John lifts his hips to help him. Next comes his underwear, and then Sherlock is unbuttoning John’s shirt. John doesn’t wear pullovers anymore, as they tend to end up in shreds from Sherlock’s impatience. Or maybe it’s that Sherlock prefers to see him gradually exposed, like unwrapping a present.
Someone wedged themselves underneath him, and he gladly leaned his weight into the support. “Yes, alright, wait until we’re inside before you collapse,” she grunted, “Billy, bundle up and take the horse to the stable before it bolts or dies of cold.”
He has no way of processing the time, so it could still be early morning or late in the afternoon. Either way, he hasn't eaten since, Jesus, possibly two days ago. When he had dinner and went to bed before a certain perverted maniac rang his doorbell. He's done with his workout, he can't exhaust his energy if he's already hungry. He slumps into the chair, and peels some of the more soaked bits of clothes away from his skin. He'd rather change into something fresh, but that's obviously not going to happen. An indeterminable amount of time passes, and John starts to worry.
Mycroft sat still in his chair, waiting for his brother's response. Sherlock twirled his fork around the pasta, which had long gone cold. "Tell me Mycroft, why are you so desperate to get him back? He wasn't even on your radar before I showed up. Now here you are, offering me dozens of lives and the safety of a country in exchange for one man. Why?"
The water darkened the carpet in a growing puddle, but his focus was on the clumps of dark green in the sandwiches that he had mistaken for generic herbs. Nausea flipped his stomach until he couldn’t hold himself up against the furniture. He dropped to the floor and dry heaved beside the puddle.
When they arrived home, John was grateful that the cabbie accepted cards, as he didn’t have nearly enough cash to cover the expense.
He turned around with the intention to ask for lodging recommendations from the barkeep, when he noticed a swift shadow emerge from an alleyway. Without thought John stepped to the side and brought his elbow down against man’s back.
But the bite from the wind and the ache in his feet only steel his resolve. His discomfort is a testament to his freedom, and he's going to keep on striding. He's endured far worse before.
“Oh,” Mary looked surprised. John hoped he was just imagining the hint of relief in her features. “That’s…unexpected. The press isn’t bothering him I hope?”
There was a charged pause between them. John felt his nails dig into his palms. “What do you want, Mycroft?”
Normally, when John surprises him like this, Sherlock is pleased. It's not everyday someone surpasses his expectations. But he doesn't look like he's in awe. He looks incredulous, like John has said something incredibly stupid. This, John will admit, probably isn't too far off of the mark.
At least he didn’t have to worry about calling in for a second time. He was sure Molly wouldn’t mind, but his paycheck would. He was also certain his employers wouldn’t look sympathetically on it either, mentor to the town genius or no.
John can’t hold back the smirk from his avid objection of being called a child, but he managed to hide it behind a raised hand to his mouth to cover up a sudden yawn. Honestly, the word doesn’t seem to apply here at all. Children, kids, teenagers, they’re innocent and awkward, or conceited and foolish. This one, he oozes confidence and intelligence. John’s certain that he’s got a proud streak miles long, but it’s not without merit.
The man picked up his friend, who was slowly coming around, and laughed like John had invoked the bleakest of gallows humor. “Trust me, we’ll be long gone by then.” They both shambled down the street without another word.
The Voice stops, but it's replaced by something else. It's dark here. So dark and so very damp. It's cloistering, choking. He can't breathe. He feels death circle around his chest and squeeze like a long forgotten creature of the sea.
“Yes,” John interrupted. He didn’t know how Sherlock was able to keep breathing at the same time as those rants. He didn’t think he had seen Sherlock take a single breath inward.
“Sherlock,” John barked. He flinched and waited for the inquiry, but he heard Mary’s voice as she ordered their food, so he quietly continued, “She’s a part of my life. She helped smooth the way for my visitation when you were ‘overdosing’, and she has been incredibly understanding about even joining you on that crazy ordeal in the first place. So, if you want to celebrate with me, and not wait until later, then you will be cordial. Or you can go back to your house and we can do this some other time.”
“You’ve already forgotten, John,” Sherlock murmured as he placed the boy’s legs around his hips, “I plan to reduce you to nothing but a sated little harlot. And I’ve barely begun to unravel you.”
He waited to make sure the man really was done babbling, and answered, "I glide. On wind currents. Which, by the way, are dodgier than you'd imagine so you're damned lucky that there's usually a strong draft up there otherwise we'd both be dead." John's hand lifted, like he was gearing up to poke Sherlock in the chest. But that would only end up doing far more damage than was worth it, so her lowered his hand again.
John tried to conceal his disappointment, but clearly failed at the curious look Sherlock gave him. “Why do you ask? Were you hoping to uncover some secret unbeknownst to your own mind?” He gently teased.
John stared into Sherlock’s eyes. He saw a fevered obsession and a desire to possess that would never be satisfied. John wondered if it had always been there, or if he had stoked it with his own desperate need for companionship. Had his actions, which had seemed so innocuous, sparked an instinct that the dragon couldn’t resist? Perhaps there was a very good reason that John had never heard of dragons falling in love.
Sherlock looks like he's about to protest, though he really has no right to, when he catches the expression on the creature's face. It's hard to tell from the shadows, but he looks like he's actually blushing.
“I got caught up in…all of it. You. You were amazing and brilliant and you saw me as someone worthy of your time. I got addicted to that. I shouldn’t have. I kept wanting to--”
John hated himself for how easily he was falling for these ploys. He could just walk away. He could go find Sherlock, who was undoubtedly waiting by his car, and make sure these two didn’t meet. But he had been offered a chance to prove this smug bastard wrong, and find out more about Sherlock in the process.
He's grateful the creature doesn't know his daily patterns. Otherwise he'd know how obvious of a lie that was.
Before John could retort a defense, Mycroft strolled out the door and twirled his umbrella. “Goodbye, Doctor Watson. I’m sure we will be keeping in touch.”
Good Lord this was like fighting toddlers. He had a moment to feel bad for their walloping, before he remembered they were supposed to be running. John grabbed Sherlock’s wrist and took off. He heard a few of the other kids checking to make sure their friends were okay; the others began to catch up due to the delay.
He was about twenty pages into his book when he realized he had not absorbed a single word. He blinked out of his haze, and went back to the first page to start again. Once more, he couldn’t retain a sentence.
"Up, John. Sit up on your knees if you want to have some relief." John complies, though it is a difficult order. His eyes are closed, and his breath is coming out in stutters. He still can't think past the burning that comes trickling from his stomach, up through his chest, and into his brain. Sherlock's hand comes back to run through his hair, and John moans. His head rolls back with the motion like an attention starved puppy.
“For the love of God Sherlock, I can understand your disregard for others even if I don’t approve of it. Lord knows you were right to distrust my presence in the village, but I would be amongst peers! Fellow men and women with ambitions of medicinal advancement! I’d hardly be in want for conversation or company in such an environment, so why are you so-”
The line cut out. John stared at his phone as the screen shined back at him. For a long number of seconds, John considered smashing the thing to pieces. He settled for kicking at the sofa.
In that same amount of time, Sherlock had minutely leaned forward. John gasped, and Sherlock’s eyes darted down to see his lips part open further.
There are noises spilling from John’s throat. Nonsense babblings and guttural half-formed gargles. He doesn’t know how mere sheets and a shaking grip are keeping him from flying off of this mattress.
Slowly but unfalteringly steady, Sherlock pushed himself inside of the serf. Even with all of the previous preparation and the looseness that came from release, John was unused to the presence of an Alpha inside of him. It showed in the grip of his body and his desperate gasps for air.
The smile freezes on Sherlock’s face. John doesn't dare look away. There’s a time and a place for submission, a lesson John has learned through sweat, blood, and tears. Doing so now is begging for the wolf to tear out his throat.
