His eyes go wide as he put a hand against his head. "Fuck! Fuck!" He falls back down to the ground and screamed loudly, "SAM!"
Dean took a deep breath, looking down at his hands in thought. Leaving Bobby out of this was the right call, right? Yes, he was the smartest person they knew and he knew the most about anything and everything unnatural so they should go to him. However, this was personal. Bobby didn't need to get involved if he didn't need to be. He has been through so much shit in his life, he doesn't need yet another thing to worry about. Now his main worry... was about this Castiel Angel. He was okay with him before, but now seeing him in person with another angel... he was different. More assertive and not emotional like he had seen Cas before.
He really needed to figure out what was wrong with him now, because he knew this would eventually kill him. But they had hit a dead end, maybe there was a book out there that Bobby didn't have that would explain all of this.
"I still man the phones, Dean. I can go when I can, but not when it's a marathon." He shrugs. Bobby put his cap back on and adjusted it, looking the other up and down for a small second. "You look like crap."
Dean looked confused. "Sam, you have been my brother for how many years?! You should know my eyes are green by now."
"I wasn't trying." Sam stated, but his tone made Dean think otherwise. "Look- After she told me I left, up and abandoned her and went right to your grave. It looked like a nuke went off. No demon has that sort of power."
Dean, for once in his life, actually decided to shut up. He didn't want this demon pimp to get any more ideas. Maybe down the road he would consider it, but for now, he just needed to endure it. Find a way to escape somehow. If he could escape, there has to be an exit out of hell. There has to be.
That was something he learned about his life. The same lesson still applies to hell.
"Why?" Dean said with heated force.
Dean sighed, rolling his eyes slightly. Of course he was dreaming yet again. He took a deep breath and unbuckled his seat and turning around so he could better interact with the other. He looked him up and down again before speaking. "Would it kill you to run a brush through your hair? It looks like you just rolled out of bed from a one night stand."
Sam went on the defensive and rose his hands in the air. "I already told you both!"
"Mention him again, and I'll kill you. There are more than one ways of getting rid of a demon. Unlike them? I don't give a flying fuck about what is going on with the angels. You mean nothing, and will always mean nothing." Dean says before smacking the other yet again with the lead pipe. "So, where were we?"
That's when he remembered the last time Dean was in a hospital dying. His eyes widen as he stood up and looked around for a moment. "Dean? Are you here man?" He asked and waited for a response. The answer came in form of the light switch turning on and off in a quick motion.
The two look at each other again, and eventually, Sam relents. "He does seem to have it together Bobby."
"To help fight the apocalypse maybe?" Sam says trying to be comforting.
The room shook.
Sam rubbed the back of his neck yet again, a new tick that Dean started to notice. He didn't know if this was his nonverbal communication that he was about to lie- or he was just nervous. he hoped it wasn't anything sinister. "I had Ruby keep Bobby in the car."
Ruby smirked and took a few steps back and walked around the basement area, humming in thought. Eventually she stopped. "I know a spell to call an angel, also it's not that hard to trap an angel."
Dean glared, "Get the hell out of here, there is no such thing."
Sam looked nervous as the paper started to burn away and he looked over to Ruby in worry. "Relax. The fire is our friend. Besides, the only part of the map we need is the 'where's Dean?' part. Out." Sam nodded and looked back down at the map, watching it char until it got smaller and smaller. The flames vanish. The map is charred to unreadability; a small circle in the middle is untouched. "There. Your brother's there. It's a good thing angels aren't concerned with hiding their dirty business. Not used to being spied on. I mean, who'd be stupid enough to try?"
"Everyone's heard of you sugar." The woman winks, leaning against the wall. "What a...
"Why did the tables just turn? Aren't we supposed to be helping Dean right now!?" Sam yelled, placing his hands down by his sides.
"Bobby, that is still Dean in there."
"Fantastic, so you went from a manual to an automatic." He huffed. "There's got to be more, because if you can go from seeing the future all the way to choking out a demon, there has GOT to be something else."
"Dean- I'm damn curious. But, you're not talking about Hell."
The hunter watched as Bobby and Sam exchanged looked, Dean already has the sigh waiting in his chest as he could've guessed what they were going to say. "Afraid not, son. Once a seal is broken, it can't be replaced."
Dean grabbed at the knife in his belt before being thrown against the wall, falling to the ground. He looked up just as his arm was pinned to the floor by Uriel's foot. "Fuck-!" He swore as he felt something snap in his wrist.
Ruby smirked. "Of course."
"I hope you know that your whisky cabinet is going to be a desert by the time you come back!" Dean shouted as he heard his brother and Bobby talking in the other room.
Uriel walked over and grabbed Dean's shoulder tightly, "Who said anything about asking?"
The angel tilted his head. "He can smite like I."
Something, however, was wrong. Dean got the sudden craving to eat again the moment his lips touched the burger. He practically inhaled it. He hadn't even realized he finished eating it or how much time had not passed when he caught Sam staring at him as if he was some zombie that had come back from the grave. Well - the TV zombies, not the zombies that they knew. If only a bullet to the head could kill those bastards.
Dean sat with his arms folded as they drove in the Impala, annoyed with what his brother had done to his precious baby. You know what Sammy did? He installed a adapter so he could listen to songs on an
The angel glared down at Dean before looking down at his chest. He slowly grabbed the knife and pulled it out easily. There was no blood on the weapon, even though Dean knew that was a silver knife. Dean gulped slightly, he didn't even know how to kill an angel - now he just made one mad. "You should show me some respect. I dragged you out of Hell. I can throw you back in." The angel threatened.
Alistair laughed loudly, "Deano! Do you really think this is gonna fix you? Give you closure? That is sad. That's really sad. Sad, sad." He repeats the words, only letting his voice keep going higher and higher in pitch. Which only made Dean roll his eyes, grabbing a needle and twirling it in his fingers. "I carved you into a new animal, Dean. There is no going back."
Dean sighed and rolled his eyes. This was so fucking stupid, more so than usual. But, he knew that he had to comply or they would keep bugging and making comments. "Fine, but when it comes back, I get to say, 'I told you so.'." The eldest brother took off his flannel and t-shirt as well as his pants, but there was no way he was taking off his boxers in front of Sam and Bobby. He did this before stepping on the weight scale that Bobby had brought into his bedroom. It was a digital one so the results came back quickly. Dean didn't want to admit it, but he was shocked. He moved his feet a bit on the scale, trying to see if he could add in some weight somewhere, but nothing was working.
"Must be something real special. You must be a god at it if she had so much faith in you."
Behind.
"You call this 'letting us go'? We're busted up up ten ways from Sunday, and we look like we just got thrown into a woodchipper."
Sam looked a bit skeptical, his arms folded as he looked at his brother then down at Ruby's body. "What are we going to do with her?"
Sam marched towards her, even with his vision going in and out, Dean could see how pissed his brother looked. "You knew about the angels? Why didn't you tell me!?"
Sam grabbed his brother's shoulder, the one that wasn't dislocated thankfully. "'Cause if I know the truth, I can help you. You've always been there to help me, let me return the favor." The tone that he used, it stabbed Dean right in the chest. He could hear the sincerity yet the harsh mix of concern and plead that was forced through in that single sentence.
Alistair smirked, "And it is written that the first seal shall be broken when a holy man sheds blood of a righteous son in hell. As he breaks, so shall it break." He says chuckling. "Looks like you and your daddy are responsible for all of this. Every little thing, and if it wasn't for you selling your soul- this might not have ever happened."
"I dunno, like 150 or something?" Dean says stepping off of the scale and throwing his clothes back on. Maybe the scale is broken, plus he hadn't even weighed himself in forever, he could've weighed this for a long time.
He looked out the window and through the curtains, not much to really comment on besides the snow that was forming on the ground. Although, Dean did watch as his brother Sam was pacing outside while on the phone with someone. Based off of his movements, it didn't sound like it was a pleasant call.
The demon watched for a solid five seconds before releasing the human from his little science experiment. He hums in delight as Dean's head dropped down. Dean couldn't hold his head up. Electricity has always been the one thing that his body never could handle well. Been that way for years. "Now I would just like to say, I have never EVER given anyone the same option as you before they had fully become corrupted unless they were also apart of your bloodline."
Sam might have promised that they wouldn't go back to Bobby's, but after a month of turning up with nothing he decided that they needed to go back and get help from an expert. Also Bobby had a broader spectrum of books and lore than what they had or any library that they had gone to. It was the best choice to come back.
Sam sighed, clearly annoyed as he sat down on the opposing bed. "Yeah Dean, I do. Look, killing us would've been no problem to that thing. That's why, for now, we just got to lay low and wait for Ruby to contact us."
He gave a confused look. "Why?"
So currently, he flopped down on the bed and went to sleep, telling Sam that he would wake up in like four hours and then they could talk. However... there were other plans.
Castiel looked to Dean, his face always such a neutral expression yet the smallest mannerisms gave away his emotions. "Yes."
"So god doesn't hear the prayers, it's angels." Dean scoffed, his hands tightening around the glass bottle. "That explains a damn lot." He huffed, taking a large swig of the liquid.
So that's what he did. Eventually he opened his eyes, remembering he was in the bathroom and immediately turned off the water and got out. Thankfully they have been to Bobby's so often covered in blood or gunk that they always had some spare clothes. So he grabbed a white tank top, plaid flannel shirt and some jeans. He did have a jacket he could put on, but he knew that Bobby wanted him to sleep- and he would come and check up on him- so he had to at least try. He was tired anyways.
Castiel looked down at the floor, "For what it's worth, I would give anything not to have you do this."
Dean stayed there waiting, yeah- he knew this wasn't going to end well. Once Sam eventually looked at his brother, Dean rose his shoulders and arms- waiting for an explanation. "Well?"
There was screams from the motel as people where thrown into sudden darkness.
Sam gulps and forces his hand out, only little bits of black smoke shoot out from the Demon's mouth- but nothing else happens. The voice that follow though slowly leaks out. "That tickles. You don't have the juice to take me on, Sam."
"Super strength, telekinesis, healing others, angel radio, advanced senses, sedation, understandment of all languages, smiting, dream walking, and reality morphing. There are others but those are to name a few."
"Samuel!" Dean yelled, hitting his fist down against the trunk of his car. Both actions startled Sam who took a step backwards. "Since I've been back, you keep saying I'm frail or fragile. You make me rest when I say that I'm fine! So help me god, I have only driven this damn car once in the few months that I've been back. SO LET ME DRIVE BABY!" He screamed, hitting the trunk yet again.
. He immediately threw it down on the ground and stomped on it as hard as he could. "DEAN!" Sam yelled and shoved him away.
The angel looked away momentarily, his hand holding Dean's with a tighter grip. "Everything that is happening to you... you will be okay, you just need to find out how to control and handle it and you can use it to your advantage."
"I don't know what happened. That trap...it shouldn't have broken. And for that- I am sorry." Castiel stated looking down.
Sam tilted his head slightly, "Yeah, I do." He said before twisting his hand, and Alistair lets out a pained cry, his eyes rolling back white as he shook with pain. "How are the demons killing angels?" He repeated.
"You have wings?" he asked. Dean didn't know why he didn't notice them sooner. Maybe it was because other times it was a dream, but right now it was the only thing he could look at, because they where flipping huge! The black feathers that hung from what looked like wooden branches hung in such a delicate pattern was stunning. His first question was why where the wings black, and the second question was why did he want to touch them so badly?
Sam looks to his big brother, the words hanging on his lips, but he forced himself to speak. "I've been expelling demons with help from Ruby- I can do more but that's what we've been working on."
Castiel looked down. "I know, I can sense it. He weakens yet gets stronger everyday. But I cannot remove it or he will surely die. I cannot heal him. Dean can heal himself once he is awake."
Once up the stairs Sam gently helped Dean sit down, before going over to the kitchen and making another sandwich for his brother. Dean watched him from his seat and chuckled slightly, reminding him of when they where kids. Those hunts where dad would leave and leave him and Sam to fend for themselves.
"What makes you even think him waking up will magically cure him of this, anyways?"
"You two are seriously just going to leave me here?" Dean said following his brother through the living room. "I can help!" He yelled.
"Mmm, maybe." Dean gave a little smirk, and while her back was turned - looks over at Sam and makes a gesture with his hand and tongue - mimicking a blow job movement. Sam let out a mute laugh, a hand covering his mouth. Dean eventually stops and gave Pamela the last candle.
Dean huffed and folded his arms across his chest like a toddler. He opened his mouth to protest, but Bobby was having none of it. "I hope you know that you are the reason why God invented the middle finger, Bobby." He sighed in defeat and just shook his head slightly and followed orders.
Dean glared. "You need to learn how to manage a damn Devil's Trap."
as he looked at them. "I had no clue how I got them... I didn't have them before. And no hell hound gave them to me." Carefully Dean rolled the sleeves back down, his wrists itching yet again.
"It better not be peanut butter and banana, Sam." He called out, rubbing his eyes yet again.
"What? No, no of course not! Why would you think that?"
Dean coughs a bit, if he had a beer he would have done a spit take. "A fallen what now?"
The angel shook his head. "We are doing something about it, we have been trying to prevent seals from being broken. Why do you think angels are walking amongst the creatures of earth now?"
"Because you just yawned, Dean. That's why." He huffed. "That's it, we're going back to Bobby's."
Sam smirked slightly, he actually was able to trap an angel. Now that alone would make him excited beyond belief, but right now he had bigger issues to worry about. "You are going to tell me everything that I need to know, and then I will release you."
He closed his eyes.
There was children laughing? He stood up and looked behind him. A swing set and a slide and even a jungle gym placed in the middle of a park. He must be in a playground area. Dean frowns and began to walk over. At least he was still okay, he didn't feel any different from before but at this point- that is a win. Three kids were playing, and three adults were sat down on a bench and conversing amongst themselves. No one was watching the kids? Now that is irresponsible.
Dean was about to speak, but his body had other ideas.
He let out a small sigh of relief as he saw none other than Castiel sitting in the backseat. Thankfully the light from the car was in normal day time so he could see the man a lot clearer. Now he was able to tell that the black hair was more of a real dark brown, also the clothing that he was wearing. Dean looked the other up and down briefly, his lips feeling dry suddenly. The angel wore what seemed to be a suit that was hidden under a large tan trench coat. "Fucking, Cas..." he grumbled and sat back forward in his seat, rubbing his face with his hands. "Meet the angel, Sam." He mumbled.
By this point, any sense of mercy or restraint was out the window. It was as if all the emotions and pure light that Dean had in him since the moment he was resurrected was gone. He has felt so much more in larger batches and intensity, that the one corner in his mind that he had yet to explore since being back has been brought out. Pray for those who dare walk in on Dean in this scene.
"JESUS!" Dean shouted, his hands clapping together as he quickly turned around.
Dean's eyes widen and quickly patted down his pockets, before glaring. "If you hurt Baby I swear I will slit your neck in your sleep."
Dean was now pacing the living room, a hand rubbing the back of his neck as he tried to understand what his brother and father figure were telling him. This all sounded way to extra, even for him and their lives. Yet, here they where. He didn't know how to react to this news, but all he needed was to understand for now and figure out the rest later.
"Demons icing angels? Don't you think that is a bit OUT of our valley?" Sam asked.
Dean had enough, he was hungry and tired. He wanted something to eat and a bed to nap in. "I know what Castiel is, okay!?"
Sam's shoulders tensed up, as if he hadn't really considered that this was torture until someone actual had said it. He took a deep breath and walked over to Bobby, standing right beside them and they spoke quietly, but Dean could hear them.
Tears welled in his eyes, so much so that his vision became blurry. His chest was tight and he wasn't allowing himself to breathe. It felt like any wrong movement that wasn't controlled manually would push him over the edge. "I-I know..." He stuttered.
"Like what?"
"Secondly, it was in a dream. We've encountered dream walkers in the past, this could be one of those."
"Trust me."
The hunter rose his brows a bit, seeming to finally realize that someone who was in hell for almost a year probably wouldn't know what was happening on the surface word. Dean didn't like the long wait and gave a look. Bobby sighed and took off his hat, wringing it in his left hand while his right hand ran over his patchy scalp. "Well- the short version is that the apocalypse is gonna be starting real soon thanks to that demon Lilith, and a whole bunch of revelations shit is going down."
Ruby gave a smile and slowly crawls onto the hunter, cradling him carefully in her arms. "It's okay. It's okay, Sammy. You can have it." She says softly, putting her hands on the others cheeks before kissing him gently. "All you have to do is ask." She says in a comforting voice.
The doctor sets the clipboard down at the bottom of Dean's bed where there was a small desk table for nurses to right on. "Mister Jacobs, it seems that your brother hasn't been doing the greatest. Is there anything lately that's been going on that you think might help us?"
The coldness of the night nipped at his nose and ears, his body shivering as he looked around after having walked for a few miles. Dean looked up at the sky and gulped as he saw large grey clouds blocking any guiding light from the moon.
"Well do you have an answer for that as well?" Sam asked.
"So..." Sam said suddenly, causing Dean to snap out of his thoughts and looked over to his brother. "What do you remember?"
The brother nodded.
The hunter stayed silent for a long time as he waited for Castiel to speak, but again- he didn't like silence of any kind so he decided to speak. "What about you, Cas? That was a rather personal story."
"Alistair told him to have fun. Do whatever the fuck he wanted with me." Dean looked away, back out the window. His tears of pain slowly morphed into anger. "D-Dad said and did awful things to me... I could handle the demons, but seeing someone that I knew... someone that I loved and looked up to tearing away my flesh and calling me vulgar names... it broke me." He took another deep breath, his hands shaking with fear and anguish. "One day... I got off of the damn rack." He ran a hand through his hair, letting out a soft sigh. "I made Dad get on... a-and I started to rip him apart." He stuttered. "Alistair watched... told me some tips and tricks to use..."
However, something made him pause.
"If you say so, idjit." Bobby says standing up and moving the machine away from where anyone could trip over it. He'd find a place to put it later. Dean couldn't help the glare he gave to Bobby when he said that.
"Because a demon's coming -- big-timer. We can fight later, Dean."
"Well did it work?" Castiel asked.
The hunter cried out loudly as he only made the damage worst, his hands coiled around the chains as he attempted to pull, but it felt as if it was melded into his bones. Footsteps trailed over, each one made Dean's body tense and cringe up. "Why do you fight?" Came the man's voice, the tone was happy and light. Dean has learned to despise the voice.
Behind him stood that damn Castiel directly behind him like an angel on his shoulder, which Dean did NOT enjoy. "Don't do that." He huffed before looking back up at the mirror, using it too look at the man indirectly.
Dean tore his eyes away and looked at the other. "Seal?"
He paused for a moment, a flash of realization crossed his face as his hands gripped at his arms, the air suddenly feeling really cold. "Son of a bitch..." Dean cursed, what did Sam do? If he made a deal with a crossroads demon like he did- or did something with that abra cadabra bullshit that he's been tempted with from that Ruby chick, then Dean was going to beat his ass. He shook his head at the thought for a moment and continued on.
"Not according to his memories." She smirked. "Anyways, I'll stay here until he's fully healed. Deal?"
For some reason, the medical staff actually bought that and left Sam alone with Dean's body. Also the way that they came in, they didn't see Ruby's old host laying on the floor next to the bed. Sam waited a moment before looking over at his brother, nervous and waiting to see if anything would happen.
She nodded, and stood up. "Yes I do, we just need a few things."
He wipes a hand down his face before walking back over to his borrowed bed, pinching his nose while in the process pulling the covers over himself and slapping a pillow over his head. Dean sighed and closed his eyes. Wanting to just be left alone for a time and not be bothered and just feel... peace.
Sam slightly lowered his gun which only made Bobby kick his shoe, making Sam return it back to his original stance. "Castiel, what are you?" Sam asked.
However, right at that moment, Alistair is thrown to the wall. Sam walked in with one hand raise with a harden glare, his hair was messy and his body tense as he was driven with pure anger. "Who's murdering the angels? How are they doing it?" He yelled.
The taller one got angry and punched Ruby in the face, hard. "Let him take control!" He yelled forcefully.
"That didn't answer my question scum bag." Dean says finally coming to, struggling against the creatures grip. The man in front of him looked to be shorter than him, so he was surprised by how he was able to be kept pinned.
Dean growled as the demon grabbed his neck, forcing their faces together. He cringed slightly at the smell of sulfur and blood on the others breath. "Well - your breath is the worst torture, not much they can do without you around." He smirked.
The younger brother nodded, "When you died I was a mess." He started to explain. "I already told you about everything I did to try and bring you back and how none of it was working, but I was so... so much worst. I didn't work a single case. I was drinking as much as I could, I even got into a bad drug habit with over the counter medicine - I just wasn't being careful. I wanted to die. One day I came back from a drunk night at a bar... came back to be jumped by a group of Demons, one of them being Meg."
"Goddamn it, not again!" He hits the wall with his fist, letting out a growl of a sigh. He
The hunter tilted his head, "Sam said Ruby lost her?" He questioned.
Sam looked around for another moment, before flinching as a glass was knocked to the floor. The hunter looked up cautiously and looked around the room. He waited another moment before speaking again. "Dean this isn't what you think it is." He was going to explain, but a picture frame in the room fell to the floor.
The hunter furrowed his brows as he remembered something that Alistair, that demon had said right before he passed out. "
Sam paused for a moment and shook his head. "He's probably talking about how Demon blood can get spilt during an expel."
"You just proved my point. You can't go cutting into him like he's a demon."
Breathe in...
There was a rattle of the door knob, both Dean and Castiel looked over as they watched the lock come undone. Maybe a second later all Dean could see was large black weathers fill his slight for a single moment and then they were gone. Then, there was Sam who had a large brown bag with hopefully food inside of it. Yet, he was staring right at Dean. "You okay man?" He asked.
"I don't know what is wrong with him, Sam. If I knew don't you think I would have told you by now?" Ruby says in a cold voice. She walked away from the hunter and leaned back against the wall. "If this is some sort of demonic crap, then I would know. It has to do with those damn angels."
He sat back, resting his arm on his leg and placed his chin on his open faced palm. "Maybe she would have lived if I didn't drag him back into the ring. But here... this memory... even though it pained me to see him so goddamn happy without his family, without me? I felt this sort of peace that I knew he was happy. That made me happy."
"Let's just say it wasn't for forever."
That wasn't the weird part.
Castiel paused for a moment and tilted his head slightly, although Dean wasn't sure what for. "You need to make sure you eat well and are well rested Dean." He said suddenly.
Sam growled and grabbed the demon harshly by the hair, yanking her head back, which caused her to let out a quick breath and a smirk. "Ruby, shut the fuck up. You're doing this to help Dean. Get that through your skull."
Dean rose a brow, folding his arms and laying them on the back of the seat. "You mean, out of the billions of years you've been in heaven, you never got a little pillow talk action?" He says in a curious, but also serious manner if that is even possible.
"Dude, I'm fucking starving." Dean waited for the ropes to be undone, however, once the support was gone to keep him up - he almost fell out of his seat, Bobby luckily caught him and helped him stay propped up in his seat.
"Together."
Sam looked over, he was wearing something slightly different today. He wore a blue button up shirt with a green/brown jacket. His hair also seemed to have not been combed yet- which was odd for him, because it was the middle of the day. He let out a heavy sigh, his hands on his hips. "Ruby and Anna are in trouble, Demons came and she was barely able to get Anna to escape before she had to run."
"This-" the man began, "-is your problem. You have no faith." Lightning flashes, and on Castiel's back great shadowy wings appear, stretching off into the distance. The light goes out and the image disappears.
Dean only rolled his eyes and looked up at the place. "Doesn't look very physic-y."
Sam came over quickly and sat down beside the other... where the laptop was, predictably. "Well what did he want? What does he look like, you didn't even say!?" He said quickly, but paused when he looked at his brother. Dean rose a brow, Sam only stops his possible fangirling when something is abnormal. He slowly looked behind himself then back at his brother. "What happened to your wounds?" The younger brother asked.
After a couple of minutes spent pacing and chewing his lip, trying to tell himself that begging the other boy to stay with him was not pathetic and it shouldn't make him feel like a girl for seriously considering doing it, Dean's heart sunk as he realized that Cas was probably just coming over to give him back his stuff. His books and his school stuff that had migrated into Castiel's room, getting purposely left or genuinely forgotten anytime he went over to the other boy's house. He hope that Cas would just keep some of it because he didn't know if he would ever be able to look at that AC/DC shirt that the other boy still had after they had spent the night together on Halloween without bursting into very unmanly tears.
Things had just gone so wrong and Castiel was still reeling from how sudden and violent it had been to act on all of his instincts that were screaming at him to go for help.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Cas replied weakly, his palms immediately feeling sweaty from the lie and the resulting eye-roll that it earned from his roommate. "I don't have a boyfriend."
He went around the apartment gathering a pretty sizeable pile of Cas's things and for the first time he realized how comfortable he had gotten with the other boy so quickly. They hadn't even been dating a month yet, but it felt like they had always been together because that's how right being with the Cas felt. Dean still couldn't believe that he had managed to screw up something so great so fast. This had to be a new record even for him and god, Jo was going to fucking murder him when she got back from Kansas City.
"Yea, her mom's up there too; chained to her throne upside down as punishment. There's a lot of Greek constellations. Some are heroes like Perseus and Hercules and stuff and some are bad people being punished for pissing off the wrong deity."
"Yep." Ash drawled seeing Dean move around to the passenger side of the Impala as they drove away.
"Sure you did, Cas." Meg said looking at him meaningfully and starting around the room to gather up the scattered bits of packaging that had ended up all over the place while Castiel had struggled to make the bed and Meg had hung pictures. "Stop freaking out, he's going to love it. He loves you, right? Now go wash the paint off your face and I'm going to finish picking up then make myself scare."
He had gone all week saying as little as possible to Dean, even managed to convince Becky to switch seats with him in English class for a while so that he could avoid having to sit next to his friend. Every time he was near the other boy his mind would start circulating through images of them in the laundry room together, how Dean's mouth had been right up against his neck and he had been right, the stubble was so fucking hot, before it went straight back to painful scenarios of Dean wrapped up in that cheerleader, kissing her and calling her gorgeous. It didn't help that come Monday, Dean was still sporting a faint hickey that was vaguely shaped like West Virginia.
"If I need to I guess," Castiel said, shifting in his seat as they pulled up to the house and waited for the garage door to slowly open.
It was a slow evening, as they all were. Honestly, that was why Dean preferred to work the closing shifts. He didn’t have to wake up early, didn’t have to deal with grumpy people, and didn’t have to worry about Grindin’s  owner breathing down his neck as he worked. Not that Billie wasn’t great, she was just scary af and didn’t appreciate Dean’s jokes as much as the rest of the weirdos on the night crew did. She also didn’t understand the innuendo behind the shop’s name or was being deliberately obtuse, Dean honestly couldn’t figure out which one it was.
Oh god, movie night. It had been horrible. Cas had skipped his shower after ROTC practice to run out his frustration on the way to Garth's house. It also meant he could avoid an awkward, silent car ride alone with Dean because the other boy had been texting him and trying to talk to him all week and he just couldn't, if he said more than three words to his friend he felt like he was going to break down and start spewing all kinds of love-struck word vomit and embarrass the hell out of himself.
And with a wave, the strange man let himself out of Dean’s room and Dean was left sitting on the floor in confusion. He lasted less than five minutes before he grabbed his phone and found a text from his brother, telling him if he slept with Eileen’s brother Cas on the night before his wedding that he would cheerfully dismember Dean.
“We’re supposed to have already come up with something?” Castiel asked his heart jumping up into his throat in panic; choreography was typically not his strong point. Holly was a comedy queen, people came to hear jokes and that was about it.
Dean glanced over at the other man and in the darkness he could almost pretend it was Cas, if he squinted, and the narrator's voice which was reciting different bee related sayings as they flashed across the screen reminded him of the throaty growl of his one-time lover. If Aaron didn't talk, well then Dean supposed that he could pretend for a while that he was who he wanted to be with, that the hand on his leg was the same one that had cupped his face and stroked him to the best orgasm of his life all of those weeks ago.
Other times he went days without thinking about it, weeks even. He’d be blissfully unaware of the raw and gaping wound in his chest that whispered at him from the dead of night until something, a melody or a smell, triggered a memory that main the pain rush back in fresh and new.
"You made me a huge plate of bacon?" Dean grumbled, pushing the smaller woman off of him so that he could grab the pillow that she was hitting him with and clutch it to his chest.
Dean is tapping the steering wheel and singing along to some song about cherry pie that is playing on the radio until he moves his hand down to the gear shift and leaves it there after swiftly moving the car into 3rd gear as they reach the highway. The angel spends a long moment staring at that hand, running an infinite amount of scenarios and their outcomes through his mind in that span of time before deciding he likes his odds. He reaches out confidently and puts his hand on top of the other man’s where it rests on the gear shift like it's the inevitable conclusion of their years of dancing around each other.
"And you know you don't have to ask me, Dean." Chuck offered, clearing his throat and trying to keep the victory out of his voice as the footballer wavered in front of him.
"Wait," Castiel said, catching Dean's arm as he started down the hallway and towards Meg's kitchen. "What did you think?"
Dean quirked an incredulous eyebrow at a pair of sunglasses that had wooden frames, imagining the fragile material crumbling to splinters in his brother's massive hand before Sam even had a chance to put them on. The man who was working at the accessories counter was watching him like he was about to smash the glass and snatch as many RayBans as he could carry, but that was nothing new even though he got those kinds of assumptions made about him less and less as he had got older, people were still assholes.
"Awww, see?" Dean asked, leaning forward until his shadow shielded Castiel from the light. "You're adorable."
"No way. Garth is way too much of a chicken for that." Dean replied, slowing as they approached the parking lot he wanted to turn into. "Then again maybe they are. Have you read some of the stuff that Becky writes? Girl's into some kinky shit, plus she's mousy and you know what they say about the quiet ones."
"Weird segway, but ok." The larger boy said steering the two of them back onto their route across the park. "Um, were you seeing anyone in Pontiac?"
"When I fell asleep you were wearing nothing," Dean murmured leaning up to kiss him until Cas gave up on trying to figure out what was going on and just relented, moving his lips against the other man's mouth and marveling at how effortless it was to kiss another person.
"You don't have to, babe." Dean replied, shaking his head a bit and feeling like even more of a jerk for making Cas think that he had to do something that he wasn't comfortable doing, he was always pushing too hard and he knew that eventually it would be what drove the other boy away.
But he really wasn't expecting to find two trash bags and his duffle bag sitting outside in the hallway in front of Dean's apartment and he wasn't expecting no answer when he knocked until his knuckles started bleeding and cracking against the door that the key on Dean's keychain no longer opened. The locks had been changed and there was no way he could get in unless someone let him in; he hadn't seen John's truck in the parking lot when he had pulled the Impala into the space that Dean liked that was shaded more by the building and less by the trees that housed the annoying pigeons his boyfriend hated.
"Jesus Christ, Cas!" Dean said pulling the smaller boy under the overhang of a nearby bookstore when he caught up to him, shivering as he slid his jacket on over his damp arms. "What did I say now?"
Dean had coped by having a seemingly unending stream of one-night stands and meaningless encounters that left the other participant hating him more often than not when he stopped returning their phone calls and started avoiding them at parties. Sam went the opposite route when he saw how emotionally self-destructive his brother's behavior was and decided to avoid situations and places where he might have the urge to become closer to another person. That meant that he spent a lot of his time at home, the library, or at Bobby's shop. Nothing killed an erection faster than reading about genocide or listening to a surly old man's complaints about how he couldn't eat spicy food like he used to.
His boyfriend let out a tired sigh and ran his hand over his face, the tie for his dress uniform was crooked and his shirt was untucked and wrinkled from where he had been wearing it all day. Dean felt slightly bad for bringing the dance thing up again, but why the fuck had Cas even bothered signing that fucking petition if he didn't want to go to the dance?
Castiel pulled back, biting his lip before nodding slightly and letting go of Dean's arms. The actor settled his weight against him, leaning in for another kiss that was slower with gently nipping teeth and the sinuous slide of tongues together. It was the least frantic kiss that they had shared since Crowley showing up early and it was exactly how Dean wanted them to kiss forever, like they had all the time in the world to learn every inch of each other over and over again as many times as they wanted.
, he thought ruefully.
Naomi didn't even try to hid the stupid smile that was on her face from Chuck's last comment, just let it wrap around her so that it could buoy her up for whatever it was that Tessa needed her for; guidance counselor emergencies usually involved SAT scores and schedule changes, nothing life or death that the other woman couldn't usually deal with by herself.
Gabriel looked between his boyfriend and his younger brother several times before scrubbing a hand over his face in agitation. "Fuck, you're right. That moron fucking loves, Cas. Sorry, bro. Being in Chicago around all of that trial stuff and having to hear you and Anna talk about it…my head is just…psshh I don't know what I was thinking."
Castiel nodded, shedding the hot, burning tears that he couldn't possibly hope to stop anymore as he ducked his head down to breathe softly with his lips close to Dean's. Any other time he would probably be able to smell coffee or pie on the other man's breath or maybe his aftershave or the shampoo that he used, the same brand that he had packed into the duffle that he had forced onto the fallen angel before making him leave the bunker. But right now all he could smell was the harsh, iron scent of too much blood coagulating and when he brushed his lips over Dean's he couldn't even will away the feeling of how cold and lifeless they felt. He resolved that if he managed to pull this off he would kiss Dean hard enough to wipe away the memory of their first kiss and replace it with one that wasn't so horrible and sad.
told me to schedule him that doctor's appointment and if you didn't act like an undereducated Boston baked bean when it came to your sex life then I wouldn't feel it necessary for either of you to go. You are the one who failed to tell him about it , Castiel. That falls on you. And secondly, I have never once told you to keep Dean a secret."
“Rec room, pretty much the same as the day area only with better couches and books and stuff. If you’re family visits they’ll let you use it no matter what level you are so that you can talk to them. You got a family, Cas?”
to win just to save my reputation"
"You're not family and you know," Castiel pointed out, running a trembling hand through his hair and gritting his teeth. Now he was going to have a panic attack? NOW?! "This is like life ruining shit here, Kali. What if I want to run for president or something someday?"
"No, Ms. Rosen…alright, Becky. I don't think that Balthazar Roche intends to stick verbatim with Hitchcock's original script, from what I've seen of the rewrites so far it's going to be more of a modern retelling of the story."
to the praise that he had just been given by someone whose opinion he actually gave a shit about? He honestly had no idea, because it was just such a novel experience.
As Castiel stepped into spray of water, he figured he had about twenty minutes until football practice ended and he wanted to be done and dressed before the team came in, he thought about how he seemed to getting that 'poor you' face from a lot of people lately. Jo hadn't meant to do it when they went shopping he was pretty sure of that, but Becky Rosen made that face at him practically every day when they were leaving English class, and though it might have been what Dean called one of his 'bitch faces' he was pretty sure his friend's younger brother had worn the same expression when the pair had caught up with Cas as he had entered the school the day before. However, that introduction had been very brief since the younger Winchester had claimed that he needed to go to his locker before homeroom and dashed off leaving Dean to compliment and gawk over Castiel's new wardrobe.
It wasn't really. Castiel had spent the entire day on Saturday dubbing songs over onto a recycled tape using Gabriel's old tape deck and his enormous CD collection. He even had to go online a couple of times to download songs and then burn them onto a blank disc so that he could transfer them over. It was tedious and time-consuming, but he felt like it would be worth it.
This had to be, by far the strangest Thanksgiving that Castiel had ever attended.
"Why are you telling me this?" he asked softly, watching as she set the picture back down carefully before letting out a heavy sigh and turning it towards him so that he could see it.
“I’m going to need more clothes and shoes and stuff,” Castiel muttered more to himself as he fiddled with his phone, scrolling to hover over the contact he had for Gabriel, he had put his brother down as his emergency contact because he felt like the other man would be the least judgmental of all of his siblings and he sure as hell didn’t want the fact that he was in a psych ward to get back to Balthazar or Meg.
But Cas was breathing hard and his face was all red and Anna had seen her brother have a panic attack before, had woken him up from more nightmares than she could count in the middle of the night when his screaming and crying had roused her and she could tell that he was close to breaking. So she tried to reign in her laughter, stifling it behind her hand again and giving the two most important men in her life an apologetic look.
I'm getting bummed that this is almost over, like super sad. I'm lingering and drawing this out and being sentimentally, silly; forgive me. One word guys: Trial. Then that's it for Born to Run. :(
Dean had said that his father would be gone for a month and even with his boyfriend's impromptu road trip to Chicago to support him at the trial that had effectively locked away his eldest brother, Raphael, and his father for a long time, John had only been gone about a week. A week did not equal a month, not even on the most fucked-up misprinted calendars in the universe.
"I...uh," Castiel started, feeling awkward about whatever it was he had just witnessed. "I didn't mean to make your boyfriend mad or anything-"
Her phone beeped on the table and while Jo was distracted Castiel excused himself to go to the restroom.
Chris's borrowed condo had been within walking distance of the cafe where they had detoured from their shopping trip to go and Alfie figured it was only the polite thing to walk the other man home, make sure that he got there okay. Getting invited in honestly hadn't been part of the plan, but Alfie had just followed Chris's lead when the older man pulled him into the house and pressed him against the wall in the front hallway to place a hesitant, lingering kiss on the driver that had left him feeling pleasantly breathless and boneless.
"Will the defendant's please rise?" the judge intoned after dismissing Rachel from the witness stand and making a note on some paper that he had in front of him. "Reverend Novak, Mr. Novak, you are charged with kidnapping, assault, coercion, endangering a minor, and assisting a suicide attempt by providing the means and the motive for said attempt. How do you plea?"
When would he know that he had given enough?
some man and Dean was pretty sure Meg would repeatedly remind him of that fact until he did exactly what she thought he should do.
“Oh honey,” Holly replied sympathetically, in her beleaguered Southern belle falsetto, for the sake of the cameras hovering around them of course. “Bless your heart, you’re just a hot fucking mess.”
She had become just another one of those girls who talked in riddles and circles around him and as much as he loved her, sometimes he just wanted to shake her and tell her she didn't have to play dumb in order to get boys to like her. If they couldn't handle her being smart and fierce and brave like their mom had been then they weren't worth her time. But he figured that she would learn that in her own time, just like he had learned to avoid the hallways and corners where the jocks who hated Michael had lurked and to stick close to Gabriel and his older friends as much as possible.
"Ummm... later I think. I'm Jess by the way, if you need anything at all just yell for me or send me flowers. You have really good taste in flowers, by the way."
Honestly, the display shouldn’t have surprised him. It was getting close to fall and the air had a heaviness of an impending rainfall that could come any day. But the sight of the trenchcoated mannequin in the window knocked the wind out of Dean like a punch to the gut. The fact that it was paired with a blue tie and black sacks made matters worse.
"Whatever that is," Dean said, smiling when the other man wrapped their legs tighter together and pulled the blankets back over them. "Guess I'll just have to work a little harder to figure out what yours are."
"Can we go somewhere else?" Castiel asked, mostly because he was embarrassed to be getting so turned on in the middle of a very crowded party, but also because he wanted to talk to Dean and it was kinda hard to do that over all of the other noise going on around them. "Your apartment?"
"J2 told me that he had glasses and a suit too, so this guy sounds like he was pretty much your dream man. What went wrong?"
Dean briefly considered bailing and going ahead to the cafeteria, but it’s not like anyone else was going to be there yet and he was just going to end up sitting at their table by himself if he left. Plus, Castiel’s response to the sonnet confused him. That poem seemed pretty damn bleak to Dean or maybe he just didn’t get it. He looked over at his tablemate who had started doodling idly on the cover of his notebook and Dean quickly scribbled a message onto the blank page of his spiral before sliding it over to bump against the hand that Cas had splayed over his iPod that was on the desk between them.
that blue and black buffalo check button down that Jo had sent him the picture of way back in the beginning of the school year. The one that the other boy had never worn to school and Dean was starting to think Cas hadn't actually bought it or had returned it later when he decided he didn't like it or that maybe Dean had made it up in his head because he had a thing for plaid and also for Cas in the color blue so his subconscious had combined the two together in his fantasies.
“Probably not,” he heard the frowning boy reply softly.
"Likely story," Dean scoffed, tilting his head to the side in order to give Castiel better access.
"Okay, I lied. It's all kinda bad, but not horrible!" The smaller woman added when she saw how the man's face went from excited to crushed in almost no time at all. "Your mystery man isn't married or anything like that."
So Dean decided that he would only take the chance to get help if he found a way to do so where no one could possibly get hurt, maybe if he bumped into a couple of cops or John let his guard down enough that Dean could escape with enough of a head start to make it back to Kansas before the older man did. Lucky for him, John's new found sobriety hadn't stuck and the older man had taken to drinking himself to sleep each night; all Dean needed was one night where John forgot to cuff him to the bed and he would have his out.
"The man who delivered it said it was going to be bigger, but they couldn't find a container to make it as massive as the guy had asked for it to be. Still, it's heavy as hell so you're carrying that up all of those stairs mister and then you're making me dinner for being nice enough to bring it over for you instead of stealing it for myself like Jo wanted to do."
He politely excused his way through the crowd, keeping Dean in his eyeline as he shuffled through the crush of college students and townies who worked in or around the university. The other boy had stopped to talk to Jo, leaning down so that she could wrap an arm around his neck and speak directly into his ear. His boyfriend was smiling and shrugging, probably blushing too but the weird lighting of the club was making Dean looked washed out, but Castiel could tell by the goofy grin that the other boy had that they were either talking about how the test went today, Sam, or him.
"So I know that you've been keeping it up with the trial," Tessa explained as the walked, the hallways echoing with her words even though she was speaking softly. "Castiel's trial. Lila told me that you've been worried about him since the dance and I know that Alistair and Azazel's in-school suspension is almost over, but I wasn't sure if you've been keeping up with Dean Winchester…"
“Maybe,” Dean mused, staring at the other man with barely concealed adoration.
The two men talked amicably about what they had been up to since their college course had let out and shared little silly stories from their childhoods until their food came. They ate in comfortable silence and Gabriel even managed to get Sam to try a bit of his 'death sandwich', Sam's designation for the grease dripping, preserve slathered concoction that the older man had held enticingly in front of his mouth until the smell of the food had made him give in and take the bite off of the end of the fork at his lips. He had groaned in appreciation and made a mental note of the wanton look that had crossed Gabriel's face at the sound.
Castiel thought, letting out a disbelieving snort that caused all of the muscles in Dean's shoulders to suddenly tense under his hands.
"So four or five?" Jim sighed, setting down a battered backpack behind the desk and looking over Bobby's shoulder at the clipboard. "Four."
Dean could only watch and mouth soundlessly at his dad, resisting the urge to point out exactly who it was that had paid for all the shit in this apartment because it sure as hell hadn't been John, but that would be stupid so he just nodded again and dropped the bags he was holding next to the couch. John jutted his chin back into the direction of the bedroom and failed to hide the disgust that was on his face as he looked at Dean.
Meg fucking Masters
Dean felt his stomach drop and prepared himself for the inevitable, all of the good ones were always taken, but that didn't mean he liked being made into the other guy.
“Yea,” Castiel agreed looking around the room with a rueful smile before squeezing Dean tighter against his body. “And we’ll have a lot of firsts at the new house too. Just think, Jack’s first curse word! And yea, our family started here, but its going to be growing at the new house; we’ll need that space in a few months.”
"I still don't know how you knew about those two before I did," Pam said narrowing her eyes at him as she took another bite of the sandwich she was eating. "I'm usually very good at reading people."
Whatever, he’d just do it later.
"Um, bathroom?" Dean asked feeling weird about just being left alone in the living room to wait on Sam.
"Hmmm," the therapist mused, setting her pen down carefully beside on her desk before she leaned back in her seat with a creak. "You're brothers and sister sound very accomplished, after speaking with your father this morning I'm inclined to think that the entire Shurley clan is just talented beyond all reason. A father who writes, a mother who paints, children who excel in whatever they put their minds to. Tell me, do you have a dog who juggles, Castiel? Because at this point not much would surprise me."
Dean glanced at the screen and tried to be as excited as Meg seemed to be over the fact that Dr. Sexy and Dr. Piccolo were making out on one of the empty beds in the coma ward, again. Maybe this was one of the boob scenes that the smaller woman had been getting all hormonal over since they had gotten back into the HBO seasons with the previous boxset they had watched.
He glanced back down at the leg that belonged to him, but didn't. One part of his mind was Dean, fully aware and pissed off over what he now realized Castiel had been asking him to say yes to, but he had more pressing things to worry about, like maybe not having a jagged broken bone protruding when the medical personnel arrived. So he took a deep breath or as deep as one as he could manage because he did only have one lung and three, no, four broken ribs and pressed his palms hard and fast into the edges of the broken femur, forcing them down and together until they were under Dean's skin again before he slumped back and fumbled for the other man's cell phone in the pocket of his jeans.
The blazing headline underneath the picture read "James Collins Mystery Woman:
The impending apocalypse had made him antsy. He’d been skittish about losing his virginity. And anytime someone appeared to die on them left him a little high strung, but he was getting better about that since death seemed more and more like a relative concept these days.
But all that was there was Cas waiting outside the door with a pile of clothes in his hands and blush tingeing his cheeks when Dean opened the bathroom door with just a towel around his waist. He loved that the other boy still got all flustered around him, Castiel had this amazing, alluring innocence that could just change into authoritative, commanding sexuality at the drop of the hat. Dean was still finding new ways that the other boy turned him on, things that he never would have thought to ask for from a girl and with Cas he didn't have to ask; his boyfriend just knew.
“Hey,” Dean protested sleepily, twitching away from the touch as he woke before rolling fully onto his side to squint at Castiel in the dimness of their bedroom. “Are you doing the thing again?”
“Fuck, I didn’t shave my legs this morning,” Dianne cursed as she dug through her trunks of clothes presumably for some hosiery.
“Sure,” Dean, agreed quickly, partially unzipping his coat so he could shove his mail into the interior and have his hands free. “What’s with the trash can anyway?”
His hands felt shaky when Dean mumbled that he was fine, drawing in a deep breath against the tear-damped skin of Castiel's neck and pulling away with an embarrassed look on his face. Cas noticed that Dean's hands lingered on his back for a second longer than was strictly necessary before sliding down with a light trailing of his fingers to Castiel's hands that he gave a quick squeeze to before the larger man crossed his arms tightly over his chest.
"No," Meg said jumping back up and heading for the man's bedroom where she knew he kept his laptop. "I'm not going to let you be all mopey over this. Ugh! Dean, have you been drunk all morning?"
Dean had stayed close by his side all day, from the very minute that Castiel had walked in the doorway of the Harvelle house bearing the large presents that his family had gotten everyone since they hadn't even remembered to buy a Christmas tree this year before all that was left was sad, Charlie Brown-esque evergreens and store bought fake ones that Anna had just scowled distastefully at. Sam and Gabe had hung up some lights on the outside of the house, but really that was about the extent of the decorating that had occurred at the Novak household this year which is to say that it was still more than Castiel could ever remember his house in Pontiac ever being decked out for the holidays.
The other boy gave him a weird smile when he leaned up to place another soft, chaste kiss on his cheek before letting go of Dean and moving towards the oven, peering in through the dim interior at the pot roast and trying to figure out when exactly he should put the pie in to warm up so it would be just the right temperature to go with the ice cream that he had made Meg stop so that he could dart into the grocery store to get. Dean ran a hand over the back of his neck and started towards his bedroom, probably intending to get clothes that weren't dirty or torn or covered in grease and Castiel's scream for him to stop may have been a bit much, but he wasn't ready for the other boy to see the main part of his present yet.
"It's only stalking if you go through all of his pictures and start photo shopping your face onto his old boyfriend's body. What we're doing is research. Harmless research like for school." Meg responded using her body to shield the computer from the larger man. "Did you get a last name, Casanova or were you too busy thinking with you lower brain to bother with incidentals?"
"Carver Edlund is not a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist. He is not very attractive, nor does he always remember to put the toilet seat down (much to his wife's chagrin)," Dean read out loud as they rounded the corner to see Andy heading out the door with two guitar cases in his hands, Jo and Garth following behind with various other instruments; Bobby and Ellen were ensconced behind the nurses' stations now.
Watching Dean pull out his chair for him before taking his regular seat at the head of the table made him really really want to try. He wanted to get better for himself of course, for his family and the few friends that he had left, but getting to maybe keep Dean if he could get it together was just...what had the other man called it?
, yesssss." The younger boy said snatching up his laptop from where it had sat on the coffee table softly playing music as he and Gabriel had kissed. "Dean and I wanted to go and see this when it came out, but he had to work and school was starting the next week so we missed it, good pick bro."
"You told Kali I was here?" Castiel groaned, leaning heavily onto the counter beside them. "Why did you tell her?"
“Umm...y’know,” Dean stalls, glancing at the other man again to find that he’d angled his body more towards Dean and had an amused expression on his face. “Staring…’s rude.”
When the fast song ended, most of the couples left the dance floor and Castiel cursed the rest of his classmates for being cowards just like him when it came to slow dancing. Most of the evening the floor had only been half full of swaying, spinning couples when a slow song played and even though Dean had danced every single one of them with some girl or another, his boyfriend seemed more enthusiastic about getting his feet trampled dancing with Cas than he had all night. He let the other boy pull him towards the center of the dance floor in between songs, marveling at how the fairy lights still managed to pick up the freckles and the vibrant green of Dean's eyes.
“I am! But you’re like, aesthetically extra right now and I can appreciate it!” Charlie replied a little frantically, taking another slurp of her Red Bull before narrowing her eyes at Dean suspiciously. “Don’t steal my girlfriend.”
The pair looked up at his approach and the simpering little smile that Meg gave him made Dean want to throw up all over her face. She was dressed in a pink two piece jacket and skirt outfit with a little matching pill box hat on her hair that was styled into an exaggerated, stiff looking bouffant. The man, because he was probably old enough to already be out of college, who she was with was good-looking in that classic way that guys were in the 1960s and was wearing a suit with a red tie and a little American flag pin on his lapel.
Dean gave a shrug and hit the connect button to call the unknown number, starting in an ambling path towards the changing rooms where he had every intention of making out with Cas like a teenager if he could manage to sneak past the obsessively chipper sales-girl helping his boyfriend.
The larger boy had a wide smile on his face and Castiel couldn't help but feel the anxiety drain out of him at the other boy's approach. Dean just had that effect on him, made him feel like he could take on the world as long as the other boy was with him.
He nodded at the older woman, feeling drained emotionally and physically after spending the day at school and then immediately heading over for the deposition with the lawyers that had taken almost four hours to complete. If this was anything like how the trial was going to be, then Castiel didn't know how he and his siblings were going to make it through seeing their father and Raphael in person.
"No, it is." The younger man said sadly. "And for a long time I was willing to just let him give up on being with someone who he really cared about, who really cared about him because I thought it was what he wanted. But, Cas, every since your family moved here, Dean has been so much happier than I've ever seen him and the only thing that's really changed for him is you."
"I don't know," the other boy said reaching over to poke Dean teasingly in the side. "Think you could keep up with me? The way you eat, I'll end up having to drag your chubby ass around."
"Fresh air would be nice," Charlie muttered, double stepping to keep up with Cas and Dean's longer strides; her smile said she was joking, but Cas could hear something wistful in her voice that made him remember that she was a sane person trapped in a place full of nut jobs. Of course she wanted to get out of here, so why wasn't he itching to do the same?
"Hey! I've got an idea," Dean declared, tensing his bare forearms against the coarse braided rope that his kidnappers had wrapped around his wrists and waist. He'd managed to loosen it a bit in the last couple of hours, but it still wasn't enough for him to get out of it as quickly as he would need to in order to defend himself, even if he did dislocate his shoulder first. "You want to know why I'm here, right? Kind of the point of all of the torture and punching and general playground bullying? So, I'll tell you."
"Um...who is this?" Castiel asked warily, reaching down in an attempt to tug the cuffs of his borrowed sweat pants down again. He was going to have to change before he met with Dean later, not that it should matter, because he looked like a huge fucking dork with his high-waters on.
"What happened to you, dude? Sammy been hitting you. That's domestic violence right there, you should leave him." Dean laughed at his own joke and went back to building the perfect log cabin out of cut up pieces of the breakfast Gabriel had made.
"He's...he died," he whispered, he could count the number of time he had actually said that outloud on one hand. "It was my fault."
"So this is..." Dean began, looking over Castiel's shoulder towards the set dining room table and raising a questioning eyebrow at him.
It started by accident, really. Dean had shown up for the funeral of one of his friend’s grandmother’s cousins intending to comfort the grandmother who’d always loved Dean and never forgotten his birthday, not even once. And he had ended up at an unexpectedly decadent funeral for a 98 year old multi-millionaire that happened to be being thrown the day after. Since he’d missed the funeral he’d intended to attend, Dean figured ‘fuck it’ and proceeded to enjoy the expensive free food and murmured condolences of the deceased’s foxy granddaughters.
"How did you-" Cas began, pulling back the covers over his head long enough that he could look at Garth as he spoke.
I am not asleep yet.
"Charlie's not a dude, unless she's been lying to me our entire friendship," Dean replied, Castiel imagined he could feel the other patient's lips brushing over his skin, but that was probably just his raging libido and not something that would ever actually happen. "And if that's true then Missouri's going to have to deal with some serious backsliding in our one-on-ones."
"Yea, that," Charlie continued, pointing at him with one finger and touching her nose briefly. "But one morning I woke up and the voices of my mom and dad were still there, but there were other voices too. Like scary voices that couldn't be controlled by the filter and they just kept whispering at me in my head; telling me that this customer was going to stab me or my boss was shorting me on my paycheck and I started saying those things out loud. Once I started I doing it I just couldn't stop and one day I just worked myself up so much thinking that my boss was this Russian mafia overlord who was going to have me assassinated for putting too many croutons on a salad that I made a huge scene and he fired me.
Dean's shot away from Castiel and the smaller boy instantly missed the warmth of his boyfriend as he tugged his coat tighter around himself, watching as the two Winchesters assaulted his older brother with snow shoved in his face until Gabriel was crying uncle and squirming underneath Sam trying to get away.
The other boy looked down and cursed softly under his breath before turning towards the front of the class and snatching Dean's copy of the play out of his hand. "It's Anna's."
"Let's just say its part of my charm," the woman said picking up her glass quickly and clinking it against Cas's with a wink. "Anyway, I for one would love to visit you in San Francisco. What do you say, love? One last hurrah before I go back to dreary old England?"
"Sorry, Mr. Collins," The man said in a voice that sounded sincerely repentant. "Mr. Crowley said if I let you out of the car he would put me on a rack and make sure I died slowly."
"You do that on purpose," Cas grumbled to his older brother who had dragged Sam out into the yard where they were kneeling and starting a snowman, pausing every now and then to fling a handful of snow at each other.
Dean plopped down on the loveseat that was situated behind the coffee table that Charlie and Ash were leaning on with a heavy sigh and smiled winningly at Cas when he hesitated before perching himself on the edge of the coffee table instead of sitting next to the other man. It was just too close and there would probably be touching and he didn't think that he could handle that right now, especially after already worrying unnecessarily like a silly, stupid girl getting bent out of shape seeing her boyfriend tackled in football practice or something. Anna could talk for hours about boys she went to school with twisting their ankles from plie-ing the wrong way or whatever, boys that she had crushes on.
"Well, then I guess someone will just have to teach you how to use it." She said glancing up from his tie before she pressed a hand to her temple and her cheeks pinkened. "Can you just go talk to them? I'm already starting to get a headache. Hell, take the helium away if they can't handle being around it."
"Like Dean freaks out about anything," Cas muttered under his breath, glancing at his GRE study guide that held both of the drawings that Dean had done for him and relaxing just a little bit. "So you're advice is to take things slow with Dean?"
"I'm making French toast. Do you want some?" She asked gesturing towards the large stack of golden, toasted bread that she had already finished and the assorted toppings she had picked up at a farmer's market on her way over to the address that her boss had texted her.
"No, you're right. Dean's probably just being a big baby about the whole thing, but really is now the best time for all of this shit? They just got back from the trial and Monday is fucking Valentine's Day...yea, I know...yea, Cas has been real excited for it too, but I don't think it's going to happen Jo."
Yea, Cas is like thunder. And Dean loves the rain.
"Stop feeling sorry for yourself and get up," John ordered, letting out a heavy sigh as he looked around Dean's repainted bedroom with obvious disdain on his face. "I want you get all of that boy's shit gathered together. Anything he gave you and then pack a bag."
, move towards the back of the room out of the corner of his eye. He rolled his shoulders, attempting to ease the pressure on his muscles and ok, maybe he turned his head just a little so that he could follow the boy's progress as he sank heavily into his seat, the seat that had been recently occupied by one Jo Harvelle's backpack, and ran a hand over that perfect face. Castiel noticed that he looked tired. How had he not seen the dark circles under the boy's eyes when he had been gawking at him? He watched, his vision going slightly red on the edges as Jo punched Dean in the shoulder in greeting and the boy turned to smile at her in return.
"If you and Chuck could ju—"
"Don't be sorry, sweetheart." Dean explained quickly, watching him with an amused smirk on his face. "I didn't say I didn't like it. Fuck, do you have any idea how fucking sexy you look right now?"
"Also not your business," Castiel started, feeling grumpy mostly because he was hungry and even grilled cheese sounded not entirely horrible the more he thought about it, but he had already made such a fuss about not going to dinner that he was going to look like a spaz if he changed his mind, plus he really didn't want to gross Dean out with how sweaty he was either.
"Baby," Dean said reaching out to pull the smaller boy back once he realized how what he had just said sounded to his less experienced boyfriend. "It's not that I don't think it wouldn't feel good, fuck do you know how much I think about doing stuff like that with you? I just don't think you understand how much I want you to go to that stupid dance with me. I want it more than sex, Cas. And I don't want a lot of things more than that."
"What do you think you're doing, Dean?" Gilda spat once she had dragged Dean outside onto the cold balcony, not appearing to feel the cold air or the snow that was falling even though she was in a silky dark green ball gown.
"Hunter S. Thompson, political journalist, awesome-dude and my personal idol," Ash drawled, punting one of the peas on his tray lazily towards Pam's cleavage as the older woman leaned over her tray, rocking slightly and muttering to herself. "Awww, close. Gun to the noggin, pow."
"Missouri told me I didn't lose my level from sneaking out," Dean protested, glancing over at Castiel and licking his lips nervously. "El, let me stay. I'll be good for the rest of the day, no sneaking out or anything."
"I was going to ask you to dance, but I doubt you can even stand." Naomi said drily in an effort to disguise her disappointment. She tried to glance over at what he had been writing, but the man quickly covered it up with his hand. "Do I need to call you a cab, Chuck?"
“Whoa dude,” Charlie said, taking a step back as her mouth fell open in surprise. “You look, like, gorgeous.”
But Anna, she was the one their father wanted back even after what he had said to her before they left. Telling her that if she chose to go with, what had he called them? Oh yea, 'deviants who fraternized with the sons of Satan', that she could never come back. The younger girl's reply had been icy, but Castiel was too strung out at the time to remember what she said. Based on the language he had heard her use at Jo's party, it was probably pretty creative.
Where the fuck was everyone?
""Novak!" the older man barked, causing Castiel to jump and finally look up from where he had started admiring the crease in Kevin's dress slacks because damn, he could use a whole can of starch and never get his creases that sharp. "Are we boring you, cadet?"
"Tell them then," Sam said simply. "Tell your famous boyfriend that if he keeps you a secret then he's going to be stuck paying for your botox from all the wrinkles he's giving you."
But that didn't stop him from wanting. Wanting things he didn't even know how to begin asking for from Dean. It had been hard enough to tell the other boy that he wasn't some fragile little virgin who had to be treated gently, though, the virgin part was right since the only person to ever even come close to touching him had been Daniel and that was just kissing. Nothing even close to the things that he had already done with Dean or the things he wanted the larger boy to do to him.
Huh, guess she was talking to Jo now. Maybe they thought he was going to have a mental break again, they all had to know about him now. Since everything about the trial had been on the news and the reporters hadn't hesitated in the slightest before hurling questions about 'torture' and 'suicide' and 'hostage' at him and his family every time they had left the Chicago courthouse. Oh, well it didn't really matter if they thought he was losing it over Dean because he was, just not for the reasons that they thought.
Jo's face dropped in disappointment slightly before she smiled breezily at the assembled boys in the room. "So what are we watching, Cas?"
Holly Cummunion = Castiel
"So, imagine you jumped off of here," Castiel asked suddenly, needing a distraction from where his thoughts were going. He decided to play a game that he and Gabriel used to play when they were younger and the jungle gym at the playground seemed a lot taller and scarier.
He walked ahead of the other man into the dimly lit room and flinched when the door shut loudly behind them. When Castiel turned around to look at Dean he was struck again by how beautiful the other man was, even when he was angry and standing all closed off with his arms crossed over his chest and a thunderous expression on his face.
Cas let out a heavy, frustrated breath through his nose and slammed his fist into the mattress beside his hip. He shifted uncomfortably until he just gave in and pushed his boxers and jeans far enough down his thighs that his member would stop feeling so restrained and frankly, confused. Could dicks feel confused? He figured they probably could because once his cock had bobbed out to slap lightly against his abdomen, his thoughts settled on the easiest thing that he could do to take care of his pesky little problem. Easy was good, easy was exactly what he needed because he knew that once he got started it wouldn't matter that he was recycling an old fantasy in order to get off; it would just matter that something tight and slick was providing just the right amount of friction and maybe it would be enough that he could trick himself into believing that it was someone else long enough for him to come.
But he couldn't think about that or he would start crying and maybe hyperventilating and maybe Dean would finally know how Cas felt during his panic attacks and he could sympathize a little better like he had stupidly always wanted to and then John would know that Dean wasn't 'fixed'; would never be fixed until he saw that his boyfriend was safe and spent the rest of his life making amends to the man he loved for putting them in this situation to begin with. He knew that it would take the rest of his life for him to forgive himself, he just hoped that Cas would be more understanding.
A Plan that was better than the one that the other boy had been struggling with on his own before simply because it was theirs and they were going to do it together. And yea, he hadn't factored in John when he had been daydreaming about picket fences and tire swings with Dean, but he could fix that; what he couldn't fix was Dean giving up on their plan, their life together. Them.
"Oh, I'm really terrible at tennis so I hope they don't keep that as Guy's profession. I can bowl, but I don't think that's quite as glamorous. No, I have no idea who they have cast as Bruno yet. Ideally? I would love to work with Zachary Quinto, but I think he may be busy with other projects."
Dean bit back a laugh at that because it was more his style to speak without thinking first, but it was still nice to know that Cas wasn't as perfect as he sometimes thought the other man was. But then Sam slapped him hard upside the back of his head and Dean turned towards his brother with a wordless cry of protest to see the younger man glaring hard at him.
“I don’t understand that reference,” Castiel moaned as he peeled himself off of the floorboards, rubbing his sternum from where he had somehow managed to elbow himself in the chest
Cas spun on his heel only to run straight into a warm, solid wall that he was pretty sure hadn't been behind him before, causing him to fall gracelessly on the floor. He looked up, blushing and feeling like a complete moron for even thinking this was a good idea in the first place, to see Dean standing over him with an expression that couldn't seem to settle as it flitted between anger, confusion, and elation.
"Would you just stop?" Dean asked sitting down heavily beside him, giving the other boy a dirty look that was hard to maintain in the face of the wide-eyed, innocent expression that Cas had on his face.
"Oh, well. That's probably why he seemed so worried about you." The other girl nodded down at the paper and widened her eyes conspiratorially. "Someone must like you."
"He told you all that?" Cas asked concernedly, the only schools he had any intention of applying to were ones where Dean Winchester would be enrolled, if his boyfriend ended up deciding college wasn't for him and wanted to run off to join the circus or something, Castiel planned on being right there next to him walking the tightrope or taming lions until Dean told him to leave.
The next part was the important bit and Dean knew that so he brought one of his hands up from Cas's waist so that he could cup the other boy's jaw and look him in the eyes as he sang it.
So granted, Sam looked like he could easily pass for eighteen, was male model level gorgeous, and had an amazing voice that made his toes curl even when the other boy was talking about social contract theory, but Gabriel was the adult in the situation and he should be trying much harder to keep this relationship from becoming something that would have Sam's dad or worse his older brother showing up on his doorstep with a loaded gun.
"Why?"
Castiel's face hurt from smiling and his teeth hurt from gritting them together so that he wouldn't pull Crowley to the side and yell at him for showing up announced. Because really, if he did it would tip his agent off to the fact that he hadn't wanted him around for a specific reason and from there it would really take the least amount of snooping ever for Crowley to figure out that he'd had someone over to the house and that that someone was Dean.
"No, I'm saying that you deserve to have something good happen to you. So don't give up the ghost, Dean. Maybe he'll show up again."
. Dean was pretty sure that his dad was behind this some how because the older man was looking at him but not looking at him in that entirely conspicuous and telling way that only people who were guilty had; Cas's oldest brother had looked the same exact way during the entirety of his boyfriend's trial. Dean clung to that look because maybe it meant that his dad was still just that, a person who could feel guilt and realize that what he was doing was fucking crazy and his father. Not this other John Winchester who was a zealous, violent stranger; that John Winchester wouldn't take him home.
So they decided not to wait and as clichéd as it all was, Cas’s birthday just happened to fall on Valentine’s Day. It couldn’t have worked out better, because Gabe had gotten drunk one weekend and decided that it would be a good idea to get certified as a priest online. Sure it was for some weirdo religion that Dean was pretty sure actually came out of a Star Trek episode, but what the hell ever. With less than a month to plan it and neither Dean or Cas making a lot of money as a writer or an EMT respectively, it still came together fairly well in the freshly driven snow that made up the backyard that had long ago stopped belonging to just the Winchesters or just the Singers.
Castiel managed to reign in his sobs long enough for Bobby to corral the younger man into the house, settling him on the couch in the living room before quickly going to place the 'Out For Lunch' sign in the window of the salvage yard's small shop. By the time he got back Cas was taking measured breaths with his head in his hands and the boy seemed much calmer in general.
"Do you think they're having sex?" The other boy asked suddenly, not tearing his eyes away from the couples that were braving the weather and walking down the sidewalks, huddled close and cozy looking.
"Has Crowley been talking to you?"
He considered stayed for confessional since apparently he had time to just throw away, but then the saw the priest whom he had confessed with at Thanksgiving and decided that if he wanted lackluster spiritual advice he could just ask Ash or Krissy.
"Well, it wasn't me," the older woman said pushing Dean away with a wrinkled nose. "Cas and Meg went and got them for everyone before I was even awake. You stink, honey."
"Yea," the larger boy admitted with a shrug, looking down at his feet shyly. "But I haven't seen you do the whole thing in your uniform."
Cas made a low pleased little sound when Dean stepped in behind the smaller boy and wrapped his arms around him, still wearing his boxers because he had been too relieved to see his boyfriend there to stop to take them off before he had to touch Castiel to reassure him that he wasn't hallucinating.
All of that coupled with the fact that he was struggling with the image of God that his father and Raphael had convinced him of when they had him locked in the basement of their house in Pontiac, their hope being that through self-flagellation and stripping him of the few beliefs he had about his creator that his recently revealed homosexuality would just disappear. That God would "cure" him through some modern day miracle and Castiel would be forgiven for killing himself in an effort to make the world a better place if he didn't have liking other men hanging over his head as well when he faced St. Peter for judgment.
“I jus’ wanted to spend more time with you is all,” Benny admitted, scooting down the bed as he spoke so that he could take up the dainty, aching foot nearest to him and begin to soothe the angry red marks from Lexi’s heavy shoes away. “I don’t know when I’ll get the chance to come see you again.”
Dean sat open mouthed and shocked looking in front of him, but Castiel couldn't stop, now that he was on a roll it just kept coming, all of the frustration he had been holding onto since leaving the other man's apartment almost a month ago, how tired he was of not being in control of his own life anymore, just came spilling out like a never ending flow of toxic sludge.
"Isn't that the point?" the other man asked, running a hand through his hair agitatedly causing the dirty blonde strands of his mullet to tangle around his shoulders. "Suicide is ending things on your own terms."
He breathed steadily as the songs began to play around him once they were on the field, in through his nose and out through his mouth so that he wouldn't get winded and careless in the middle of their program. There was only one hairy moment when Gilda fumbled with her rifle and it bounced heavily across his shin before she could retrieve it.
Castiel meandered through Hillside Park, passing by the playground where mom’s were bringing out their excited children, little half-formed versions of himself and his siblings and his friends that hadn’t been jaded by everything that life threw at them yet. He missed the days when he was a kid and life had been so blissfully ignorant and easy, back before school and dating and growing up became the questions that everyone asked him about, instead of just “How old are you, sweetie?”
“You need my shoelaces?” Castiel asked standing up and dumping his keys into the bin with a jangling clang,  pulling his belt from his belt loops and slowly wrapping it up before putting it in the tote also.
When the door to the apartment closed, the small noise was enough to snap him back to consciousness. He pulled the phone back out and started to wade through the notifications on the small screen. There were 28 texts. And 12 missed calls, seven of which had left voicemails.
Barb greeted him when he walked into the diner and he settled at the counter since he was by himself. He ordered a cup of coffee and texted Gabriel asking if he could come and get him when he had the chance. His phone chimed a reply from the other man a couple of minutes later that said the movie he and the younger Winchester were seeing had just started and it would be a while.
It could have been twenty minutes or twenty seconds that passed, Castiel wasn't sure, but the sharp, crystalline sound of knuckles rapping on the windows that he had honestly forgotten were there brought him out of his Pythagoras induced stupor. He had one hand buried in his hair in frustration and the other was gripping the pencil so hard that he thought it might break in half so it was definitely not the kind of position that he wanted someone who looked as effortlessly handsome as Dean did to see him in.
Dean took his usual seat and nodded a thanks when Jo deposited his tray in front of him with a little sympathetic squeeze to his shoulder before rushing across the room to where Ruby and Lilith were talking in ever louder and angrier tones with each other.
The larger boy cupped Castiel's face and he felt like Dean was looking at him like he really was an angel or a saint or something for having survived something like that. He didn't have the heart to tell him about what else had been done to him, at least not tonight. Castiel would wait to see how much Dean actually wanted this before he burdened his friend with anything else.
What? Charlie was just very good at snooping in people's lives. It was what she had made a living at for a long stinkin' time, supporting herself after her parents died in a car accident when she was sixteen and she created her first fake identity, Elena Torrance, a homage to Stanley Kubrick that almost got her arrested by a very nerdy policeman in Phoenix, when she had let an ex-girlfriend talk her into testing out exactly how genuine her fake ID looked at a bar there.
The rest of his student's poured in and Chuck gave one last glance to the list of the morning announcements that Pam had dropped off for him on her way to her own classroom, something she had been doing for him since he had taken to avoiding the office and the perpetual cold shoulder that the woman he loved had turned on him, before a knock interrupted him just as he was about to begin rattling off more of the same insipid rules that the school board kept trying to shove down the students' throats. He more than secretly hoped that all of those old bastards got what was coming to them from PFLAG and every kid like Dean and Castiel who wouldn't hesitate to stand up to them, but the sentiment paled when he saw Naomi standing in his doorway looking more unsure of herself than he had ever seen her and clutching a very familiar looking piece of stationery in one of her hands.
"That's right."
Dean frowned taking a second to switch the roles in his mind and surprising himself with how much the thought of having Castiel dominating him turned him on, and god help him he did really like how the other boy looked in that uniform.
However that might have had something to do with the fact that out of all the things that had happened between her and Benny none of it had ever been mundane enough to be called ‘routine’.
"What do you call him?" Dean asked gesturing with his chin towards the kitchen window that faced the backyard. "Mr. Collins? James? You know that's just a stage name, right?"
Charlie was following him, chattering in his ear because she said that she had nothing better to do even though Castiel had already told her twice that he was going to take a shower. Spending his entire day in the same clothes that he had worn the night before and then slept in and then been a completely huge nervous wreck with Dean in did not seem like something someone who wanted to get their shit together would do. So Cas was going to shower and change clothes and maybe masturbate so that he could kill the erection that was totally going to mortify him the next time he saw Dean if he didn't take care of it right the fuck now.
when after Victor he had promised himself that he wouldn't.
"Are you okay, Castiel?"
His AP English course was six students, pathetic. When they got seated in their desks, Chuck just waved a hand at them to do whatever they wanted and went back to pecking away at the keys, scratching at his beard, and dumping more whiskey out of his flask that had turned up empty after he had lost it for a week or so there around homecoming, causing him to almost have a heart attack when he thought one of his students had gotten ahold of it.
"You ok?" Cas asked quietly, quickly snatching his jeans and shirt and holding them close to his chest.
But, no. He had a plan and it didn't involve spontaneous displays of affection that might get him pushed of a cliff. Granted it was a small cliff, but Cas was still pretty sure it would hurt if he fell into the brambles that were about thirty feet below them.
Meg groused.
Billie just waved away Dean’s compliment with a grin, “I know my stuff is not everyone’s cup of tea. I can see the appeal in the Cas’s pretty stuff.”
“Okay,”  Charlie said, handing over another demitasse cup to her coworker. “Try that one and tell me what you taste.”
"Okay guys, just uh...be safe and have fun and Dean, bro remember no glove, no love." Ash said clapping his hands together briskly and shutting the door with a soft click.
"Well, then ask Rita for some help and get ready for a whole lot of shit because everything get harder before it gets easier, believe me."
"I think I might like him."
She smiled at the compliment, thinking about the conversation she and Castiel had been in the middle of right before he left. Even without Garth's insight, she probably would have figured out that her new friend wasn't exactly batting for the home team after seeing how he had barely reacted to that cashier practically flashing him as she had leaned over the register to hand him the receipt for his sunglasses.
John gave a derisive snort and looked back down at the phone when it trilled in his hands, causing the screen to flash with an incoming text message and Dean just hoped it was from someone who Cas had asked for help from. Surely the cops would be busting down the door any minute to save him; Sheriff Mills with her no nonsense attitude made the empty spot where his mom used to be twinge in his chest every time she got all soft eyed and sympathetic when Dean had tagged along with Bobby the few times that John had gotten picked up by the cops before either of them could get there. He hadn't really ever talked to her much outside of "Yes, ma'am" and "No, ma'am", but Bobby said she was good people and he trusted his uncle more than any other person on the face of the planet; if Cas had gone to Bobby then everything was going to be alright again soon.
“She hates me,” The brunette whined dramatically, pointing at the blonde who was just smiling toothily at her. “I don’t want to be in a room with her anymore, she’s trying to sabotage my treatment.”
"Did you talk to my dad?" Dean asked and Castiel felt the other man's grip on his knee spasm slightly when the older woman nodded at him, sighing in resignation before he stood up to follow her with one last lingering look over his shoulder at Cas.
Castiel just sighed, feeling more tired than he had in a really long time. He felt like maybe he could sleep and the nightmares wouldn’t plague him like the normally did and maybe his brain would stop worrying for long enough that he could take a fucking nap.
Cas didn't know what he was expecting when he anxiously slid out of the elevator and talked down the hallways of the apartment complex, feeling absolutely none of the self-consciousness that he would usually feel if he were dressed in pajama pants and a blood stained Justin Beiber t-shirt in any other situation. No, he didn't know what he was expecting because his stupid phone was dead and he had slept through someone, probably Dean calling him and begging him for help. He had spent the entire drive over from his house imagining horrible scenarios where John was torturing his boyfriend like his own father had tortured him only Dean's father derived a decidedly different sort of perverse satisfaction from the whole thing than the Revered Novak had.
"No mom, Jimmy's busy right now. Y'know entertaining and stuff, but I'll let him know you said hi."
"Shutup, Winchester," Meg said around her best toothy smile as she got ready to take the picture with the camera reversed so that she could see what she was doing. "No one even questions girls talking to each other like that, now whatever you call Cas in the privacy of your own bedroom…"
(See the end of the chapter for
So Dean started singing, he knew all of the words to every Beatles song, had loved them ever since his mom had sung him to sleep with 'Hey Jude' when he was a kid and his boyfriend had unknowingly asked for the one song that addressed his hopes and fears for their relationship and it would explain his feelings so much better than anything he could come up with.
Dean reached for his wallet, mentally calculating how much he could chip in for alcohol since rent was going to be due next week.
"I had a dream about this one time," Castiel admitted happy that his friend couldn't see his face because it felt hot enough to start a fire with. "Not exactly this, but driving around with you and like holding your hand and being able to kiss you and stuff."
"I didn't say you could touch yourself, Dean." Castiel moaned with a little huff that was probably meant to be a laugh when Dean responded by grazing his teeth along the other boy's length again.
"I know," his friend muttered. "That's why it's better if I go."
"And your grand idea was going to church?" the woman asked with a shrewdly arched eyebrow. "Guess you didn't work things out with your guy, huh?"
Dean swallowed around the dry lump that was in his throat and suddenly it was like Meg's words were on a loop in his head,
The pizza arrived and Garth paused the movie long enough to dart up the stairs and pay the delivery boy and gather some plates so that everyone could eat while they finished the first movie. Dean ate almost half a pizza by himself, which wasn't too much more than normal, but he was famished from the long, grueling practice that Coach Uriel had put them through earlier in the afternoon. He felt sleepy and full and the only thing keeping him awake was the trivia about the movie that Cas kept whispering in his ear.
"Come on, Cas." Dean said trying to keep the desperation out of his voice.
Castiel felt his boyfriend suck gently on his lower lip and brush his tongue over the crease of his mouth, begging entrance from him in a way that Dean normally wouldn't do when the larger boy would have usually just been kissing him hard and desperate as a means to an end before they got interrupted or one of them had to go home. It was slower and sweeter in a way that he had been waiting for; they had time now when before it seemed like there was never enough.
Dean clears his throat, nodding in a thoughtful sort of way as he picked at the label of his beer bottle. “And uh...why’s that?”
He was pretty proud of himself for not having gotten a raging hard on while he had been consoling Dean, but it hadn't been something he'd had to consciously control. Cas's brain had just been solely consumed with making Dean feel better and while a primal part had categorized every little bit of information it could absorb about the other man for the short time he had been holding him, filing away the smell of Dean's cologne and how his hands fit on the other man's waist like they were made to be there for later evaluation the fact that he hadn't completely embarrassed himself by revealing that his body still reacted like he was a hopelessly hormonal teenage didn't even register for him until just now.
Castiel hesitated for a moment before nodding, "And then we can make snow angels."
Dean didn't stir until dinner time when Charlie came over and shook his shoulder, rousing the other patient from where he had curled up  with Cas's arm around his shoulders and his head tucked underneath the dark haired man's chin. Cas may have been too busy forming new constellations out of the freckles on Dean's face to have noticed what time it was, but that didn't stop the other man from giving him a grin as he shook off Cas's apology for not waking him sooner.
"Dude, I walked into the bathroom of the restaurant, okay?" Meg began leading the man to her breakfast nook where he sat on one of the high school she kept at the counter. "And the chick was snorting coke off of the edge of the sink."
Don't drink too much, I know you're celebrating but you're irritating when you're hung over.
"Forget about it, kid." The man replied gruffly, shoving two clear plastic boxes across the counter towards Dean. "Just get out already so I can go home."
Castiel pushed the voice aside, licking his lips which had suddenly become very dry. He turned his gaze onto Jo who was looking at him with a small smile on her face.
(See the end of the chapter for
He shifted in his seat and just thanked god that he hadn't decided to put on any of the pants that Gabriel had brought him because there would be no way he could hide an erection in any material that was thinner than denim if he had to suddenly bolt out of here in embarrassment. Castiel just willed it away, tried to think of things that had always worked in the past like stray kittens or starving children, stuff that would make the guilt override the hormones and make him sad probably, but bonerless and not scaring off the few friends he was trying to make here.
"Dean's dropping out," Chuck said shortly, frowning in confusion when the younger man staggered backwards into the desk behind him and made a choking sort of gasping sound that he had only ever heard the prey on nature documentaries make. "Cas...you knew, right? He had to have told you he was doing this, you're like his number one cheerleader school-wise…"
"You came back." Castiel said reaching out to grab the loose sides of Dean's vest.
(See the end of the chapter for
"So..." Alfie began, making a vague motion with his hands like he what he wanted to say could be plucked out of the air. "You're...um...you and he are really going to try to get away with this, huh?"
Meg did this to him too, twisted around the things he was talking about so the conversation got back to what was going on with her and he couldn't remember what story he had been trying to tell her in the first place. Girls must have a special class in school to learn how to do this shit because all of the guys he knew just talked and didn't layer everything with subtext like females did. It was always so confusing and frustrating that sometimes he wished he really were gay so he didn't have to deal with it anymore.
"It got something to do with this?" Bobby asked, tapping his finger on the drawing that Castiel hadn't even realized he was staring at until the older man's finger appeared over the word 'Sorry'.
Dean notices now that Cas hadn’t been alone when they had found him, and he sees Crowley standing with his hands in his pockets, casual smile on his face.
“Thank you, Jack,” Dean said, clapping Jack on the shoulder.  Jack shot forward and enveloped Dean in a crushing hug, and Dean laughed and hugged him back.
He could have said 26, when he got his brother back from college and they were in the prime of their lives.  He could have said 31, when he’d ended his first apocalypse.  There was only one number that really jumped out at him, though: he had been 43 when he had defeated God and earned the right to write his own story.  He had been 43 when he had found Cas, and given up hunting, and watched Sam find love with Eileen.
Cas ignored him in favor of placing the box on Dean’s lap.  Dean opened it to find a black ring with a glowing blue line wrapping around the center.
, and not in the
“Dean, we don’t have to -,” Cas starts, but Dean cuts him off.
“Finally free,” Dean agrees, smiling at the feeling as he looks over at Cas and Eileen talking.  Sam follows his gaze and gives him a knowing look.
“Happy birthday, dad,” Jack said enthusiastically.  “Claire and I made you breakfast in bed!”  Jack placed his tray on Cas’s lap as Claire placed hers on Dean’s.
Cas sips at his Jack again, nodded.
Fear – because if something goes wrong…
have, instead of hoping for something I didn’t think we
By the time they’re alone, Dean is too exhausted to do anything about his new favorite outfit of Cas’s, but he makes him promise to wear it again soon, which Cas agrees to with a grin.
Jack strolls through the door of the library in the same clothing he had been wearing when he had disappeared the day before.  Dean looks up, and smiles brightly at him.
Jody recruits Sam, Dean, Claire, and Kaia to set the table – “Alex and Patience do it
They all take their turn hugging the new God, and then they sit down, and Jody insists Jack take the first helping.
“I don’t know, man,” Dean sighs, reaching for the Jack again and stopping himself.  “With the way our lives are, I gave up on the idea of having anything like that a long time ago.  Everyone we love winds up dead, anyway, so what was the point?  Having you around was… that was a good enough life for me.  It wasn’t perfect, but it was what we had.”  He looks at Cas again, and sees understanding in his expression.  He smiles, more to himself than to Cas before saying, “Besides, you’re an
Once the door closed behind them, Jack’s eyes glow yellow, and a black goo-like mass seems to appear and expand in front of them.  Jack and Dean make eye contact before Jack nods, and together they step through the portal.
, and that means Cas isn’t really
Dean hugs them all – even Kevin, when he eventually showed up with a “sorry I’m late, guys.”
“They all back?”
“What are you doing here,” Cas asks, arms coming up to return Dean’s hug.
Dean smiles almost nostalgically as he pulls his dad’s journal out for the first time in years.  It’s been a while since they’ve had a chance to solve one of John’s cold cases, and doing this together – the four of them – feels like the best way to do this.
There are still lose ends to tie up.  Cas needs to be rescued from the Empty.  They need to check on everyone – Bobby and Charlie and Stevie and Jody.  Eileen.  They need to figure out what to
Cas had died before – more times than Dean cares to remember – and he always came back.  Dean refuses to let this time be the last, refuses to think that Cas is
“You could have died,” Cas says, his voice rough.
He wouldn’t have it any other way.
Almost exactly nine months after the wedding, Eileen gives birth to their first kid – a little girl named Mary Ellen Winchester, and Dean cries when he holds her.
and gave him hope that he and his youngest sibling could still mend fences.
“I know,” Dean replies.  “I know why, and we might both be dead if you hadn’t, and the only thing that kept me going was knowing that I
, and of course that someone would be Sam.  “He loves me.”
About ten minutes into the party, Cas disappeared and came back dressed to seriously test Dean resolve – cowboy hat, cowboy boots, dark jeans, belt buckle, and embroidered shirt.  He had been about 10 seconds from dragging Cas from the room when Jack had announced it was time to open presents, and Dean had glared at Cas when he tried to cover his laugh with a cough.
Not-Dean disappears, and Jack leads the group through the portal and into the bunker.
to say, exactly.  He only meant to demand that Cas
“I thought you were a hands-off?”
Dean’s hands shook as he rifled through the contents he’d found hidden behind the loose stone.  A bible… some letters… bingo!  He heard the ghosts of the nuns howl outside of the door as his fingers found the two locks of hair – one dark, one sandy brown.
“No, that’s okay,” he decided finally.  “Maybe I’ll go find them myself in a few decades.”
Cas is next, and he embraces his husband tearfully when he sees him.
“I want to ask you to promise,” Dean replies, “but I wouldn’t believe you if you did.  I would do the same for you.  For Sam.”  He sighs, scrubs a hand over his face.  “I just… I can’t take it anymore, and I think the Empty is officially sick of you escaping, so please.  Don’t assume I’ll be okay if you do it again.”
So, Dean would remember, and he would bury that piece of him behind the stone with Anna and Isabella’s letters.
With that, Claire and Jack disappeared through the door.
Defeat God. Check.
“Sweetheart, don’t worry about it.  I haven’t made your coffee wrong in months.”
being gone if he didn’t burn them.  If John found out…
A week later, he tells Cas – his words stilted and hesitant – that he wants to stop hunting.  Maybe not forever, but for now.
“Bitch.”
“Get out,” not-Dean demands, his voice a low growl.
He grabs a bottle of Jack and two glasses – look, he knows what he
is Queen of Hell, and our
“Seems like,” Sam says.  “Can we stop by Eileen’s on the way home?”
Without really thinking about it, Dean flipped to the passage and read the lines Anna had underlined.
Surrounding him are Meg, Balthazar, Hannah, Gabriel, and Samandriel, and Dean smiles again.  It’s possibly the weirdest mix of demons and angels he could think of, but he’s glad to see them all.
is God, and our whole family is a bunch of hunters.  But… I don’t want to go out bloody.  I want to build a life with you, and I can’t do that if I die.”
They all go to Sioux Falls for Christmas.  Dean prays to Jack to tell him that Christmas dinner is at 6 at Jody’s house and he better take a few hours out of being God to eat dinner with them.  He even texts Adam with the information – let’s him know that they understand if he doesn’t want to come, but they’d love to have him.
“We do,” he says.  “Or, I do.  You got your speech.  It’s my turn.”  He pauses.  Swallows.  Pours the Jack – one for each of them.  Cas nods once, and then sighs.
“Hello, Squirrel.”
“I see that,” Dean says.  “Jack, do you think…,” he trails off, looking over at his adopted son.
There are no fireworks.  The planets don’t align. The world doesn’t become a different place.  Instead, it feels like warm blankets on a cold day – like peace, and love.  And home.
He’s just… not feeling rushed.
“Of course, Dean.”
“I got you something else,” Cas said, reaching over into his nightstand and pulling out a small box.
“Can I show you something,” Dean asked quietly.  Suddenly, it seemed very important that Cas knew.
“Dean,” Cas whined again, blankets pooling around his waist and hands reaching out for Dean.  “Please?”
It’s noon when they hit their first break – although it isn’t the break they were expecting.
They’re more youthful than they’ve been in a long time.  When his soul had ascended, Hannah had greeted him at the gate and ask him how old he would like to appear.
“We’ll never have a normal life, Cas.  We met in Hell.  Our
“If I could love you,” Cas finishes for him, and Dean nods.
While he waits for everyone else, he takes Cas to the Roadhouse, where Ash is sleeping on the pool table, and Ellen is smiling as she watches her husband and Jo and Charlie from behind a bar, and John and Mary and the Bobbys and Rufus are at a table swapping hunting stories.
Sam is the next to join them, and his welcome crew is nearly identical to Dean’s, with the exception of –
“No, uh,” Dean chuckles awkwardly.  “He didn’t.  He never said anything, but like a month later he brought a girl home.  A hooker.  Told me to have at her, he’d bought an hour.  He never said it was related, but it was.  I knew it.”  He finishes the fourth drink.  This might be the hardest part of this conversation.  He doesn’t want to talk about this, but he
“Happy birthday,” Cas mumbled, and then he was out.  Dean pressed a kiss into his boyfriend’s hair before allowing sleep to claim him, too.
They lose Bobby first.  It’s quick – a heart attack when he’s 87 – and they cry and give him a proper hunter funeral.
After presents and cake and laughter, Garth and Bess left first, kids in tow.  Patience, Alex, and Adam took off next.  Everyone else announced that they were staying the night and would head out after breakfast, and one by one they retreated to their rooms.
“I’ve always liked this passage,” Cas said, running a finger delicately over the words Anna had referenced in her inscription.  “I know how they must have felt about each other.”
“She’s very excited to meet you,” Jack tells her.  Then, “Maybe let her wait a while?”
Dean dug his teeth into his bottom lip, hoping the pain would ground him.  Where had he gone wrong?  He was
(“Obviously I wasn’t going to let him wander around as a ghost,” Jack said, almost affronted.)
Decades later – after births and birthdays and weddings and holidays and love and lives well-lived – they slowly pass, one by one, into Heaven.
“I want that, too,” Cas said.  Then, leaning back and smiling cheekily.  “But your proposal has to be better than
he had to keep that part hidden from John.  His father’s love had been conditional – Dean had always known that – and he wasn’t willing to jeopardize that.  Eventually, as John’s memory faded and was replaced with the family he built for himself, that had seemed less important.
Cas’s eyes go wide and shiny, and Dean reaches for his hand and twins their fingers together.
“Go away,” Dean called at the same time Cas said, “come in!”
Then his dad had handed him a file and told him that he thought Dean was finally ready for his first solo hunt.  Something had churned uncomfortably in his belly – the feeling of joy at the approval from his dad clashing with the desire to just spend the day with his family – but he had swallowed down the disappointment and thanked John.
As if summoned by their hope for an easy rescue, Dean hears his own voice behind him say, “You shouldn’t be here.”
“I don’t know what I want,” Dean finally blurts.  Cas stops talking.  “I mean, I don’t want to die just a hunter.  I want more than that.  But I don’t know what that looks like.  This is the only life I’ve ever known.”  He swallows around the lump in his throat and pours the fourth drink.  “I want to build a real life.”  He takes deep breath.  “With you.”
The door rattled as he salted the hair before flicking on his lighter.  As it lit, his fingers slipped and he dropped the now-extinguished lighter onto the floor at his feet.  He picked it up before taking a deep breath to steady himself.  The nuns were still howling on the other side of the door when Dean finally lit the locks of hair.  As it burned, he heard one final cry before silence reigned.
When they finally break for air, Cas’s lips are swollen and his eyes are wild.
They make it to Eileen’s and Sam practically flings himself from the car before Dean has fully stopped which.  He gets it.
Dean isn’t
“Sam was able to extract enough grace to make this,” Cas replied.  “I love you, and I want you to have it.”
The ceremony is small.  Jack officiates, which Alex finds
“Jack is God now, but he’s still 3 years old,” is how Dean answers.  “Come on, saving you was the last piece of this puzzle.  Let’s go celebrate.”
It didn’t take long for Cas to flip their positions so Dean was under him.  He hovered over Dean, pupils blown wide as he caught his breath for a moment before diving back in, kissing Dean much more hungrily than their last kiss had been.  Dean’s fingers had just slid under the waistband of Cas’s boxers with the intention of sliding them off when Cas stilled suddenly.
“I found our friends,” Cas says, looking back at them.
have a serious talk with the new God about mandatory family dinners.
Dean had known then, sitting on the floor, what he still knows now – he’s a soldier first.  Maybe he isn’t the killer he had always thought himself to be, but there had been a fight to finish and it wouldn’t have waited just because Dean had lost Cas.
to tease her about it.  They’ve come a long way, and he’s glad for it.
They won.
-.” He cuts himself off.
“Jerk.”  Then, Sam wanders off to join Charlie and Bobby’s conversation, and Dean heads over the Claire.  She and Kaia seem to have figured their shit out and Dean is
He turns and sees something thick and metal poking out of the beam and nods at Eileen in thanks, because after surviving multiple apocalypses, and, most recently,
“But I’m ready for something else.  For now.”
– being sure – that the nuns had found peace after he had torched their hair.
“I have a front door,” Jody insists, sounding exasperated while elbowing everyone else out of the way to hug him first. Which. Rude.
“I hope you understand why I had to-,” Cas cuts himself off, pulling back, unsure.  “Why I had to summon the Empty,” he finally settles on.
It’s 5:45 and they’re all there – Garth and Bess and the kids even FaceTime from their own family’s Christmas – and Dean has to grab Sam’s arm for a minute to ground himself.  His mind is full of stolen presents and shitty food and cheap motel rooms.  Now, he looks around at their family – the one they built from scratch, and Dean’s feeling overwhelmed by it all.
It was two hours later when Dean and Cas walked into the main room of the bunker fed, showered, and ready for the day.  Dean paused at the scene in front of him.  The room was packed with his whole family.  Sam and Eileen. Bobby. Jack. Claire. Charlie and Stevie. Jody, Donna, Patience, Alex, and Kaia.  Garth, Bess, and the kids.  Even Adam was there, and Dean felt emotion well in him once more.
“I hear,” Dean replies, patting Bobby’s shoulder as he passes him.
And now, the fight isn’t over.  Dean needs to keep it together for Cas, to
“You’re becoming human, then,” he asks, afraid to get his hopes up.  It had been one of the big questions looming over them – what happens when Dean ages, and Cas stays Cas.
Dean frowned in confusion at Cas’s behavior.
Dean stays in the car to be spared their initial reunion – he’s
“The stupid nail thing in the wall? C’mon, Cas, I’m not going out like that,” Dean replies, not letting go of Cas.  “Besides, my partner is an angel.  He can heal me when I do something stupid.”
Happy.  He feels happy.
Sam moves in with Eileen two months later, and Dean is overwhelmed with happiness for him.  He and Cas don’t talk about leaving the bunker.  Even though they’re ready for a different life, this is the only place that’s felt like home to Dean since before his mom died the first time.
Once reunions are had and goodbyes are said and Dean demands that Jack come visit soon, Jack brings Crowley and Meg to Hell before bringing Balthazar, Hannah, Gabriel and Samandriel up to Heaven with him.
“Those are
with their free will.
“My deal was forever, Dean,” Cas tries to argue, but he doesn’t move away from Dean’s grip.
Tomorrow they would plan.  He could understand everyone else’s need to just be happy for one night.
The rest of the night is spent with laughter and soft touches and softer kisses and whispered secrets.  Sam smiles fondly when he sees them the next morning, but doesn’t say word.
“Our Christmas list is a little longer this year,” Sam mentions, and Dean laughs, because it’s true, and it’s a ridiculous comment, and he never thought he’d have this.
Cas barely lets him start his carefully planned speech before he’s hauling Dean to his feet and chanting
They don’t say anything for a while after that.
that would have been fucking stupid.
Jody goes next, her family by her side in the hospital.
“I’ll just be here, I guess,” Bobby grouses.  “You come back, boy, you hear?”
“Okay?”
Bile rose in Dean’s throat, and he realized with sort of a muted horror that he was crying.
When he’d read over the research John had done, something cold had seeped into Dean’s blood.
“You know, with Chuck not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own.  Just… you and me, going wherever the story takes us.  All of us.”
“I think I always liked the idea of those things,” Dean says.  “It all seemed so normal, and peaceful.”  He pauses, considering.  “I had a version of that, with Lisa and Ben.”  It’s the first time he’s mentioned them since the hospital, and something inside of him twinges painfully.  “And I loved them, but it never felt… right.  Something was off.  Maybe it was because I never loved Lisa like I love you, but… I like our life.”  He pauses again.  “I would marry you tomorrow, but we have Jack and Miracle.  We have Mary – and I’m sure she won’t be the last kid to come around for us to spoil.”
None of that could take away from this feeling, though.
“Are you and Cas ever going to move out of that bunker,” Jody asks him when they’re alone in the kitchen.
“Cas, is this-,” he asked, awe evident in his voice.
“Eileen and I decided the same thing,” Sam tells him.  “After the last hunt…,” he pauses, and Dean remembers the split-second of fear before Cas had decapitated the vamp that had grabbed Eileen.
He felt Cas stir behind him, and turned so their foreheads were pressed together.
Jack leads Dean into the storage room where the Empty had appeared, and something clenches in Dean’s chest at the sight of the door, but he shoves the feeling down.
It’s only a month after they settle into their new house that Eileen shows them her engagement ring.
to say, but feelings were never his strong suit and this conversation is important – before he goes to find Cas.
“I figured we shouldn’t risk Claire and Jack walking in during birthday sex,” Cas said once they left, shrugging one shoulder apologetically.  Dean grinned at him.
They could talk after Dean got him out of the Empty.
Cas doesn’t say anything at first, only smiles – big and bright and elated – before crashing his lips into Dean’s.
and then they could talk.
“No.”  Dean pauses, finishes his third drink.  “I’m not good at this,” he finally says.  “Feelings.”
He felt the words beat in his head with every pulse of blood in his ears.
There’s not enough room in the car, so Cas and Dean agree to get rid of the bodies while Sam and Eileen bring the kids home before coming back.  The taillights have only just disappeared when Cas grabs Dean by his collar and hauls him into a frantic kiss.
, and you
Jack only smiles vaguely in response, and then, “I have a solution to your problem.”
“Have you ever thought of having that,” Cas asks Dean when they get home from meeting Mary.  “A marriage?  A child?”  Dean thinks about it for a minute before answering.
They’ve fallen into a comfortable routine in the bunker.  He basically refuses to let Cas out of his sight, and Cas looks amused and maybe a little exasperated by him and it’s easy and warm and
“This is the rescue team,” Dean tells him, pulling back from the hug and gripping Cas’s biceps, unable to keep the grin off his face.  “Come on, we’re going.”
I just knew it would disappoint my dad, and I’ve been fucked up on that front for a while.”  He pauses again, breathes.  Resists the urge to pour another drink.  “Eventually, after he died, his voice went away, but at that point, it just didn’t seem like it mattered anymore.”  He shrugs, finally meets Cas’s gaze.  “Until it did.”
For making Cas think it was one-sided.
He stared at it for a while, and could feel Cas’s steady gaze on him as he waited patiently for Dean to tell him what significance the bible had.
“We’ll talk later,” Dean promises.  He’s been thinking a lot – about what he wants, and what he wants to tell Cas, and what questions he still needs answers to.  “Right now, I think we should go let everyone know that the fight it actually, really, finally over?”
.  I just… decided to be okay with what we
They get married – Jack officiates again – and Dean pretends not to cry but no one believes him, and Adam is his best man because
who couldn’t invest fully in last night’s celebrations – but he can’t let himself go there yet.  He’s going to get Cas
be going.”
“I can’t imagine they wouldn’t be,” Cas replied, one arm wrapped tightly around Dean’s waist as his thumb drew lazy circles on Dean’s hip.  “Jack tore down the walls in heaven, so I’m sure they found each other.”
He was still getting used to waking up like this – warm and safe and loved, instead of jolting from sleep with his fingers wrapped around a gun – and he hoped he never stopped appreciating it.
“I’m bisexual,” Dean says quickly which – it doesn’t really refute Cas’s statement like he meant to, but it feels important, and it’s the first time he’s said it out loud.  The word tastes strange on his tongue.  “It’s, uh-,” he scratches the back of his neck awkwardly.  “It’s not really something I deal with,” he says.  “I was with a guy once, a long time ago.  My dad caught us.  Not, like, doing anything.  But he knew.”  Dean hesitates, tries to only drink half of his fourth shot.  He wants to be sober-ish for this.
got resurrected, and we have some things to figure out.”  He pauses, not sure he’s ready to share the next part, but… he’s happy.  He needs to tell
Before Cas could answer, there was a knock on the door and Dean groaned as Cas rolled off of him.
Adam greets Sam and Dean somewhat awkwardly, and everyone else much more warmly, and it’s not perfect, but it’s a step in the right direction.
“Let’s go home,” Sam says.  His voice holds then same disbelief that Dean feels.  Sam’s phone rings before Dean can answer.
The Empty is nothing like Dean could have ever imagined.  Heaven was crisp and clean and ordered.  Hell was dark and dank and cold.  Purgatory was alive and raw and real.  This was… nothing.
It’s good.  They’ll always be close, but they can live their own lives.
It was stupid, but he needed to remember.  He needed to remember Anna and Isabella, because they deserved someone to remember them, and he needed to remember that John had given him an answer without Dean having to ask the question.
“And if that doesn’t work?”
“Why did you not say anything,” Cas asks, words still sounding choked and shaky.
It happens when Dean is grappling with one of the vamps.  The masked vampire is pushing him backwards, and he feels something hard press into the center of his back…
.  He expects the words to wrap around his throat and choke him, to chase out the peace he’s been feeling since he got Cas out of the Empty, but instead he feels light and airy and...
“We’ve worked with less,” Dean says, standing up.  “Where do we start?”
and he’s still working on figuring out the words.
he has to.  He needs Cas to understand.
“Great, so we’ll
“Ready for an eternity with me,” Dean asks, smiling at his husband.
“Dean?  Jack?”
He takes off through the house before Dean can fully process his words.  When he does, he takes off after him, grinning.
Sam and Eileen pick them up an hour later, after they’ve burned the vampire’s bodies.
“Seven.”  Dean feels something waver in his chest – because he’s taking Cas no matter what.  He’d prefer not to leave the rest of their friends here, but
Tonight they’ll celebrate, Dean thought, although the celebration feels lacking to him.  The big fight was over, but they weren’t
“Beats this place,” she replies.
“Jack’s grown so much,” is what Cas says, sounding proud.
This wasn’t how he had imagined spending his 17
, because that would make all of their victories feel hollow.
He knew his let his eyes wander a bit when it was just him and Sam, but when John was around he made sure to keep that shit
Cas smiles, and kisses him soundly.
understand.  He’s furious – at Cas for making the deal and never mentioning it, and for laying all of that on him and then
“I knew you loved me, and Sam, in your way.  I just… I could never be sure what that way
Bobby is the first to join him.  He doesn’t ask what Dean’s looking for – doesn’t need to – just pull a stack of books towards himself and opens one.
“We improvise.”  It sounds more like a question than a plan.
“I’m sorry, Dean.”  Cas looks at him mournfully.  “I saw no other-.”
“It’s your birthday party,” Jack told him, grinning excitedly as he dropped glittery cowboy hats on Dean and Cas’s heads, causing Dean to notice the decorations covering nearly every surface of the room.  There were cowboy hat and cowboy boot streamers hanging from the ceiling, a cowboy hat centerpiece on the table, and every person in the room was wearing a glittery cowboy hat.
“What’s this,” he asked, even though the answer was incredibly obvious.
He had let himself dwell on it, sitting there on the floor with Cas’s handprint staining his shoulder once again.  He had allowed himself to wallow in the despair of Cas being dead, of Cas dying thinking he couldn’t – that Dean didn’t –.
The pile of presents on the table felt a little daunting.  They ranged from heartfelt – like the framed photo of Jack and Claire in the “World’s Best Dad” frame – to practical – like the collection of knives from Eileen.  Even Adam had gotten him a
“Good morning, sweetheart,” he murmured gently, pressing a kiss to the other man’s nose.
“I’ll go get us coffee,” Dean said, pressing a kiss to Cas’s cheek before pulling out of Cas’s arms.
“I thought you wanted to sleep?”
He shakes that thought from his head and focuses on being happy for his brother.
Next, save Cas from the Empty.
“Your mom closed the gates and she’s queen bee down there,” Dean replies.  Crowley huffs, but then nods.  Meg looks less sure, but then shrugs.
and at himself for making Cas think that he didn’t –.
Everyone else has arrived before them, and the rest of the night is filled with tearful reunions and drinking and celebrating.
“Okay,” Cas says when they break their kiss.
“Sioux Falls isn’t a bad place to live,” Jody says.  “And I’m the sheriff.  I bet I could find you boys some work that wouldn’t raise too many eyebrows.  You know, if you wanted to be closer.”
, he tells it.  “I just… I know I want you there for it.  I want you with me.”
“Dean, if I made you uncomfortable-,” Cas starts.
“I don’t know when the last time he ate a real meal is,” Jody insists, and they all laugh.
“Just picking up a few things,” Dean snarks back.  “We’re leaving now.”
He understands what Cas had meant – the happiness being in the
He hopes the Shadow can’t sense that in him, that it doesn’t try to call their bluff.
“I don’t know anything about them, but I can’t imagine they wouldn’t be,” Cas said gently.  “I can ask Jack to look for them, if you want.”
Relief, joy – because maybe this means he and Cas can grow old together.
,” the Shadow snarls back.  Dean turns around and finds himself staring himself.
“Hello,” Jack greets cheerfully from behind Dean.
Two weeks later though, Dean’s got a decent idea of what to say, and Sam and Eileen are out to dinner, leaving Cas and Dean alone for the night, so he figures it’s as good a time as any to have this conversation.
And so they sit down at the bar.
“John did not approve.”  It isn’t a question.
“Dean,” Cas says, emotion choking his words.  Dean smiles, feels his eyes burn with unshed tears.
Dean went to his desk and pulled out the old, worn bible, he had kept hidden all these years and ran his fingers over the cracked binding.  Over the years, he had flipped through it and found more passages underlined by the nuns – by Anna or Isabella he would never know.  He crawled back into bed and leaned into Cas’s warmth before he propped the bible between them.
“I can’t promise not to put myself in danger to save you, Dean,” Cas replies after a beat, his voice low and rough.
With shaking hands, he picked up the bible and the letters.  He knew he should burn them.  He knew that’s what John would want him to do – that he risked the nuns not
Dean had forced what he hoped was a nonchalant smile onto his face and left the hotel.  He lifted a car – his dad insisted he needed the Impala himself – and took off for Riverton, Wyoming.
When it’s Dean’s turn, he’s greeted by everyone he’s lost – his parents, Jody, both Bobbys, Jo, Ellen, and Ellen’s husband Bill.  Missouri thanks him for taking care of Patience for her.  Mick Davies and Arthur Ketch shake his hand; Charlie asks about her apocalypse-world counterpart.  Rufus and Ash hug him exuberantly.  Pamela Barnes winks at him.  Kelly Kline hugs him and thanks him, tears in her eyes, for taking care of her son.  Even Becky is there, looking more serene than he’s ever seen her.
As had become usual over the past few months, the first thing Dean became aware of when he woke was Cas’s arm wrapped tightly around his middle, pressing Dean’s back to the newly-human Cas’s front.  It still made Dean smile, and he pressed back against his boyfriend’s body, wanting to be as close as possible.
It wasn’t
“I’m working on it,” Dean replies.
“Course we can, Sammy,” Dean replies with a grin.
“Me, too, Dean.”  They smile at each other, and then they’re laughing – at themselves, at each other.
Sam ends the call, and turns to Dean with a grin.
“Okay, sweetheart.”  Dean clicked off his lamp, and then reached over Cas to turn off his as well before he settled into his pillows with a sigh.  Cas shifted so he was practically laying on top of Dean, and Dean wrapped his arms around his former angel.
, but he doesn’t find that he regrets the words.
“Happy birthday, Dean,” Claire said.  “We’ll let you two eat.”
“Anyway, we never mentioned it again and I just.  Avoided that part of me.  I still liked women, and it was easy to throw myself into that and pretend the other thing wasn’t there.  I wasn’t looking for long-lasting connections anyway.  Any time the thought crept in, it was like my dad was in my head and I just.  Avoided it.”  He scrubs a hand over his face, trying to block out Cas’s sympathetic gaze.  “I was never – it wasn’t like I thought it was
against his lips through tears and Dean is crying too and it’s kind of a mess.
This part should have been the hard part.  But here, sitting with Cas, and yeah, feeling pleasantly buzzed from the whiskey?  This part is easier than he expected – easy as breathing.
“Right on time,” Jody promises, and they can hear the smile and the warmth in her voice.  “Come on in, food should be ready soon.”
"If you came out with me, you'd have one." The other girl replied, waggling her eyebrows suggestively.
"Thanks Tess," Dean muttered, running a hand over the back of his neck in what Cas was only now realizing was a gesture he did when he was nervous or searching for the right thing to say. "I um...I don't know if it fits so it might sound stupid or whatever, but um...does anyone else ever wonder if the only reason they are the way they are is because of what happened to them?"
Dean hummed in agreement. Ever since the angels started the apocalypse the balance in their forest tipped and the brothers had to work tooth and nail to get it back where it once was. Dean lowered his five tails, letting them wrap around them, “heard anything from Cas?” Dean asked.
Dean just hummed half listening to the angel’s words as he circled him, this wasn’t the first time Dean had checked out the angel. When he first met him he was immediately in awe at how attractive he was and Dean immediately made it his mission to get the angel’s pants.
Castiel’s whole body was shivering with his eyes closed in ecstasy most likely imagining the picture Dean had painted for him. His hips made small bucks into the unsatisfying air and his mouth puffed out small bits of breath. Dean walked over to his sexy angel until his dick was right in front of his face. The kitsune cupped the angel’s cheek and Castiel let out a small moan, nuzzling into the warmth.
”D-Dean...” Castiel whimpered.
The sudden cool air on Castiel’s exposed chest made him gasp and squirm a little. Dean pounced onto Castiel like a hunter capturing its prey, the kitsune attacked his mouth once again. Sucking on the angel’s delicious tongue before letting go to nuzzle into his neck. He breathed in the angel’s scent letting his unique smell invade Dean’s senses until all he could think about was him. While doing this he was also rubbing his scent onto the angel, a kitsune’s way of claiming what is theirs. The rubbing made Castiel buck his hips up against Dean’s, making them both moan in pleasure.
The angel underneath him bucked harshly into his mouth. “Dean q-quit teasing!” Castiel whimpered, clawing into the futon’s fabric.
“So, how do you want to be pleasured, angel?” The kitsune whispered.
“Dean stop, I-I can’t — Heaven-“
Castiel moaned into Dean as his tongue danced around in his mouth, tasting and finding every crevice of his partner’s mouth. Castiel eagerly responded trying to match Dean’s movements as best as he could. The kitsune smirked, angel’s were very holy beings meaning they rarely did anything sexual. But that made them the most fun to mess with.
”Later bitch.” Dean responded.
He looked down at Castiel’s cock and noticed it was  now purple and leaking precum generously. Dean guessed that with one swipe to his head the angel would be done with. Dean kissed into Castiel’s mouth and he opened eagerly, their tongues dancing together, in the rows of passion. Dean then pulled off and panted into Castiel’s neck, “I’m close Cas.”
The angel whimpered, “No Dean please! I’m sorry please! Please!”
“Aaah! Ah! Yes, so good! Oh father please— Dean let me cum! I need to! Please I can’t-“
Once Dean was fully sheathed he pulled out until only the tip was inside, he waited a few seconds before pushing back into the angel with a powerful thrust. Castiel moaned as he clawed at Dean’s back, feeling the full force of Dean’s thrusts. Castiel pushed his hips up meeting the kitsune’s thrusts and soon the two beings fell into a nice fast paced rhythm. Dean wanted to reach down to stroke at Castiel’s dick but he resisted the urge, knowing that it would make him explode like a rocket and Dean didn’t want it to end so soon.
“Oh-oh Dean - ah- I-I’m so close!” Castiel cried, “Feels so good- ah- ah, please!”
”D-Dean, what-“
Castiel nodded frantically, bucking his hips unconsciously towards Dean. Dean chuckled, “Lay on the futon. Face forward.”
Dean then let go of his dick and stepped back from the panting angel. His eyes scanned over Castiel’s body and his mouth watered at the sight.
”Y-Yes.”
“On your knees, babe.” Dean ordered.
”Hmmm, please what angel? Need you to use your words.”
Dean had transported himself and the angel to his house up in the trees, where various bright lanterns were hung up and ancient symbols carved into the support beams. Castiel was standing in the middle of the room looking around curiously, the angel had only been in the forest this was his first time in Dean’s home. The kitsune snapped his fingers again making the trenchoat and blazer disappear, appearing on a faraway table neatly folded. This left Castiel in only his buttoned up shirt, blue tie and of course his slacks.
”No,” Sam responded.
His younger brother shook his head, the long golden earrings he had on swayed back and forth gracefully. “Surprisingly no, which is good I think we deserve a break.”
Castiel nodded, “Please Dean,”
He pushed the device around a few times until finally finding the spot that he was looking for.
The rhythm that he had created quickly turned into erratic thrusts as he felt himself getting closer and closer to the edge. He groaned in ecstasy as he felt himself dangling right on the ledge of pleasure.
“Ahhh! D-Dean I’m gonna— ngghhh!”
”Yes Dean, please! I’ve been good, please!” He begged.
With inhuman speed Castiel obediently followed his orders and laid  himself on the white futon that was Dean’s bed. The angel spread his arms and legs to put himself in a more presentable position, Dean let out a groan at the sight and his dick perked up again in interest. The good thing about both being supernatural beings was that there was no refractory period so they could have sex as long as they wanted. Dean snapped his fingers removing all but Castiel’s boxers.
Speaking of his brother, Dean was by the counter shirtless with only his pants on. His five tails fluffed and standing tall in happiness.
“Hello to you Sammy,” The green colored kitsune turned his head to flash a smile towards his younger brother. “Found anything out of the ordinary.”
Dean twisted and squeezed the angel’s head, fingering the slit at the tip, “Come on Cas, cum for me.”
”See ya, jerk.”
Dean decided to give the angel mercy and let him have what he wanted. He lifted the waistband off his skin and Castiel lifted his hips making it easier to slip the last of his clothing off. The angel moaned in relief as his erection fell against his stomach, he reached down to try and relieve himself a bit, but Dean’s loud snarl made him stop. “No touching! Didn’t I tell you that? I guess now you need to be punished now,” Dean smirked.
Dean groaned from the small pleasure he was giving himself. He couldn’t believe how hard he was, he wondered if Castiel knew how much he affected him. His ears perked up from the small moan coming from his right, Dean smirked. “You watchin’ Cas? Thinking about my big dick inside your hole hitting your prostate until you’re screaming my name?”
“Here’s what I want you to do, you’re gonna suck me off, can you do that baby?”
Dean traced a single finger over Castiel’s back, the gesture earned him a small gasp. The kitsune’s already wide grin, widened. An angel’s back was one of their most sensitive parts because that’s where their wings were. Dean leaned into Castiel’s neck and stuck out his tongue to deliver a long wet lick. Castiel’s whole body jerked, he flung his arms up to grip into Dean’s biceps.
Jack came in first holding a tray, followed by Claire with her own tray.  Dean furrowed his brow in confusion and looked over at Cas, who was beaming at him.
And so here he is in Heaven: 43 years old and surrounded by his family, waiting for the rest of them to join, and joyful in the knowledge that they were living their lives until then.
Look, Dean’s feeling… something.  There’s a bubble of something light and airy in his chest and he’s glad to see the demon who had sacrificed himself for them.
, Cas,” he says again, feeling dark emotions – grief, anger, regret – curl in his chest at the words.  “You said - you said all of those things.  You just dug inside me and read my own fears back at me, and then you told me that I was
He didn't notice the glinting until Meg absolutely refused to help him paint, stating that it was going to make her break a nail which was ridiculous since she had been helping him move bookcases and beds and the dresser out into the hallway and they both had banged their fingers in the doorway more than once. But when he did notice it, Castiel turned into a squealing mess and really he had never thought his voice could sound that girly; he was just really happy that Jo hadn't been around to hear it because he never would have lived it down.
"I'm thankful that my wife will be home from her mother's by the time I get back to Omaha," Rufus said making a face at Sam and Gabriel's cuddling before glancing over at Bobby and quickly rearranging his features. "I'm also thankful that Bobby took me in out of the cold for the day so that I didn't have to eat a TV dinner for Thanksgiving."
"You," Charlie stated simply and Cas felt like his heart was about to explode for a whole second before Dean just laughed and shook his head.
When he opened his eyes again, the world had shifted. He was looking up at the ceiling of a sparsely lit warehouse and he felt sore in more places that should be legally allowed. The floor was cold concrete and he could feel the warmth leeching out of his body into the hard, sticky surface that he was lying on through his jacket and his multiple layers of shirts and his jeans. He glanced down at his jeans, grimacing when he saw that yes, the bone was still sticking out of his leg and crap, he was probably going to have to push it back in before he could focus his grace on healing it.
"That sounds good," Dean murmured suddenly shy.
He just took a deep breath instead and barred his teeth in something that he hoped looked more like a smile instead of a grimace for the other girl. "I'm still going to meet Dean, Charlie. Just...can you give me some privacy?"
The kitsune chuckled then snapped his fingers.
Castiel shivered again and a whimper left his lips. “Please, t-touch m-me.”
Dean pecked Castiel on the lips then gave him a lustful grin. “You read my mind, baby.”
“Mmm, Castiel you feel so good with your mouth on my cock. I bet you could cum just from sucking it, don’t you think?”
He duck down and began giving quick nips at Castiel’s collarbones, leaving fresh red marks. Dean continued kissing down his chest until he stopped to pinch at Castiel’s rosy buds that were already standing up in arousal. Dean licked at one of his nipples, lightly biting his sharp teeth over it while fingering the other one.
Bobby was an old grumpy kitsune who took over their training when their father John died. He was the closest thing they had to a father.
“But angel, if you’re not punished you will never learn” The kitsune whispered, kissing softly at his stomach before sitting up on his knees. Castiel whined at the lost of his warmth and Dean shushed him softly. “Do not cry my angel, I promise you’ll enjoy this.”
Dean pulled the vibrator out of Castiel before he grabbed the lube and smeared it across his dick. He pressed the head against his entrance and circled around the rim teasing the angel one final time before entering in one thrust.
”Shh, just trust me Cas.”
“Y-Yes.”
Dean lowered his hand to cup Castiel’s now prominent bulge through his slacks. Castiel broke the kiss from the contact that was now being applied to his cock and he buried his face into Dean’s shoulder muffling a moan. Dean slowly stroked the angel, making sure to squeeze his head before going back down to the base. Castiel’s grip on Dean tightened and he bucked his hips trying to get more friction from the slow movements.
“Excellent.” Dean smiled before he opened his eyes, revealing an ominous green glow. “Now suck.”
Dean let his finger slip into the wet warmth of the angel thrusting it in an out, letting his hole get used to the intrusion. Castiel whined and bucked his hips to get more of Dean’s finger inside. “P-Please more!”
Dean just hummed nuzzling into Castiel’s neck, grazing the angel’s skin with soft kitten licks and light touches of his teeth.
Sam chuckled before snapping his fingers and disappearing. Leaving Dean to continue staring at the sky.
The kitsune snapped his fingers and a small, but long black device appeared in his hand. Along with two other items, a bottle of lube and a small remote. “Y’know what I love about the human society? The human’s ability to make pleasure.” Dean spoke as he flicked open the bottle and poured the translucent liquid onto the black device. He then poured some on his fingers, he made sure to make his claws disappear before prodding at Castiel’s hole.
Castiel whimpered as the toy kept torturing him with pleasure, Dean truly was a wicked beast, the pure example of the typical kitsune.
“Inside. I want you in me.” he whispered.
Dean silently sat on the branch of an old tree, looking up at the night sky where the stars twinkled on and off. He looked down at his territory, the feeling of calm washed over him as he sensed no danger. His ears flicked behind him at the sound of footsteps.
The kitsune grinned, “Well you said you were needed in Heaven, I also have some things I need to do. So..”
Sam teleported at the entrance way of Dean’s home, the soul work he had to help Bobby with took longer than he expected, he couldn’t wait to see Dean again. Stepping into the hut Sam was surprised to see Castiel in nothing but his boxers and a silk robe; Dean’s robe. The angel had a small content smile and sipped his freshly brewed tea that was most likely made by Dean.
Castiel gave a high pitched mewl that surprised Dean, the kitsune didn’t think he was even capable in making such a sound. But knowing that he could made Dean’s arousal spike. After giving the other pink bud the same treatment he continued to kiss his way down until his breath ghosted over the waistband of Castiel’s boxers. Dean studied the bulge that was almost tearing through the fabric. Dean felt proud that he was able to make an angel of the lord so horny. He noticed a dark wet spot that was forming in the middle of his erection and Dean let his mouth suck over it.
The utter disbelief on Castiel’s face made Dean almost rethink his actions but the kitsune remained stubborn. Castiel suddenly stepped forward and pressed his body against Dean’s, he reached towards  one of his tails to lightly stroke it. The action made Dean’s already hard erection harder, but he kept his moan inside and acted like it didn’t affect him. “What is it, baby?”
After several boring hours of patrolling his forest Dean decided to just visit the humans. Find a strip club, get drunk, maybe find a hot chick to seduce. Suddenly the sound of feathers fluttered behind him and Dean felt a toothy grin form on his face. The kitsune turned around to face the familiar angel.
