“Likewise.” Sherlock is trembling in his arms, from the energetic cost of an explanation like this.
to assume that, due to recent events, you are not in your right mind. But if you come around here again, I will arrest you for assaulting a policeman, got it? Get out.”
“I see you hurt every damn day. I can’t lose you either. If this is what you’re going to do to yourself then I’m coming with you and good luck stopping me!” He lunges towards the fallen syringe.
It's just like it was before, back in Baskerville. Whatever it's done to Sherlock is different this time, but John's reacting exactly the same. And Sherlock suspects it's not going to improve. No odd movements that would indicate any effects on those around them. It's not the drug itself that's been sprayed.
“I was thinking,” John says, running his hand from Sherlock’s stockinged foot to up along his calf. “That as once we have the drug a cure likely won’t be long off, perhaps we ought to take advantage of your lack of sight for the moment.”
Sherlock put an unsteady hand on his shoulder. “Forgive me, John. I had no idea you would be so affected.”
It drives Sherlock wild and he rolls himself on top of John and begins to strip him, pulling off the light grey jumper and undershirt awkwardly, distracted by another sensation – the twin pleasures of John’s soft lips and rough stubble working their way up and down his neck, with the occasional sharpness of teeth nipping at his tender skin. It’s delicious, but he has a different aim in mind and once he has John shirtless, he straddles him and pins his wrists to the bed above his head.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said obediently, earning a suspicious look from John.
“Just tea,” Sherlock said absently, without glancing at the table or at John.
shall we?” He thrusts sharply into John’s hip, and John can feel the point, as it were, very well.
"So, who do you think did this to us? You're not going to let it go, I hope!"
John pushes Sherlock off him, with enough force for Sherlock to nearly lose his balance and stumble back against the opposing wall. He’d forgotten how strong John is. “You can’t fix this!” he yells. “Just stop it. Stop it right now. You can’t just pretend the past year never happened, act like it’s fine. Don’t you think I would if I could? But it’s not fine.
“We can’t… can’t we prevent it? There must be a way.”
"Well?" he demands impatiently when John is done.
"I really don't."
“Back so soon?” Sherlock’s in the darkened kitchen and John can’t make him out.
She seemed to notice his ambivalence and cleared off quickly, though not in a huff, kissing him on the cheek and promising to text him when she knew what time she’d be in. “I’ll pick us up a Chinese on the way back,” she said, really meaning,
Sherlock fumbles blindly around him, feeling like the world is spinning, like he’s plunging into an unseen abyss. He falls to the hard floor, hitting it with his knees, dizzy and still screaming soundlessly for John.
“So would I,” said Mycroft in a tone that makes clear he doesn’t believe there is. “But you’ve woven him very thoroughly into your life, and made yourself indispensible to him, and that seems just lovely right now. One day, though, he’s likely to wake up and realise either that he’s got to move on, or that he wants to but that you’ve got him so tightly bound that he can’t. And either way you’ll lose him then.”
John nods. “I was being an ungrateful dick. It’s been a stressful day. Really, forget it.”
Sherlock halts. “What things?”
“What?” Sherlock demands. “You couldn’t possibly--”
Molly looks ill, but she forges on, her voice quavering. “I hate it, I hate the thought but… why would he say all that? Why would he jump off a building if it wasn’t…true… He wanted to confess to you before he did it, he needed you to know. You should…honour… that last request. Let it be. It’s what…what he wanted.” Her last words are barely a squeak.
When John was settled he fell almost instantly asleep. Mrs. Hudson came to see if either needed anything. “No, thank you,” Sherlock said, not taking his sharp eyes off his sleeping flatmate. He reached in his coat pocket. “But I would ask that you keep these in your possession and administer them to John at the intervals indicated on the labels. I’ll manage the rest of his care.”
“You’re still up,” John says flatly.
Sherlock says of this very quickly in a single breath, before he’s even consciously put it together in his mind. He takes a large gulp of air and allows himself a moment of happiness that his brain still appears to be in working order as far as memory goes.
. Go home, John.”
Sherlock walks around him and hauls the fourth man to his feet roughly. He shrieks in pain and John winces at Sherlock’s callousness. Sherlock pushes him in to the back of the lorry and pulls the door down on all four of them, locking it from the outside. “Others?”
“John,” he pleads. “You know I can’t go on like this. It’s cruel to ask me to.”
Sometimes he is filthy, alternately demanding, ordering, pleading.
When Sherlock comes home from hospital his stares grow predatory and intense, and he is worse at hiding them. John can feel desire radiating off him like a physical force whenever they are even remotely near each other. It takes all his restraint not to jump him the first time it happens, but he wants Sherlock to come to the conclusion on his own.
“So, now what?” John asks, shaking him from his reverie.
John feels the molten warmth spilling out deep inside of him as Sherlock finally lets go with a long, stuttering gasp. It drives John to orgasm, and the twin sensations of his own release and Sherlock emptying himself into John so completely surpass comprehension. Every fibre of John’s body is alive with pleasure, with wonder that he is capable of containing such complete and total perfection within himself.
Moriarty shrieked with laughter. “That’s it? That’s
"Good. Now roll over."
“Don’t you have work to do? What about the Bryant case?”
"And what will you do, if you come back and he won't forgive you. Won't let you back in his life. Will it have been worth it?"
Sherlock inhales and smells John’s hair, John’s shampoo in his nostrils. The realness of him helps. Sherlock still feels disconnected, disoriented, but John is a locus point. It’s something. He feels John swallow against him, and there's a slight sensation of moisture on his face. It's too much for Sherlock then, and he extricates himself from the embrace.
He glared at her stonily and she sighed at his refusal to play. “Very well. Of course I loved him. How could anyone not love such a man? It’s impossible, completely impossible.”
Happy Valentine's day, cats and kittens. Have some porn before things get serious again.
He can feel Sherlock raise an eyebrow.
“Bed, John,” he says, heading for the bathroom.
Sherlock starts at his perineum and licks upward in long, deep, sure strokes. He develops a slow but constant rhythm with his tongue, unrelenting and unwavering, that makes John tingle and ache in places he didn’t even know he had.
The address was in a newer, but poorer part of the city, full of three and four story tenements built in the late 80’s. Drab brick mostly, though here and there an attempt had been to brighten them up with coats of now-peeling paint. John found the correct building without too much trouble, a slightly decrepit piece of real estate, but scrupulously clean outside. There was a sign in the street level window that said “Room to Let” in several languages.
“You okay?” he offers.
“I left so he wouldn’t see me,” Sherlock counters, not bothering to dispute her first assumption this time
John moves to the top of the stair. He can hear the voice clearly now, and just make out Sherlock standing at the end of a long hall lined with doors.
“I would have taken them apart with my bare hands.” A pause, and John seems shocked by his own admission. “But I’m not dead. And I don’t want you to be a murderer for me.”
Warily, he pulled his Sig - he never went anywhere without it these days. He listened at the door. Nothing but the music. He pushed open the door, weapon at the ready, expecting to come face to face with Moriarty, or something even worse. Instead, in the low light of his single lamp, he saw only an emaciated figure sprawled diagonally on his bed. Sherlock was wearing his favorite scarf and a pair of trousers that were far too short for him – his trousers, John realised.
Sherlock closed his eyes. John lying motionless on the pier, again. The image would not leave him. He was in a hospital. Drugs were everywhere. It would be so easy for him to nick something – no one would ever know. He inhaled deeply and gritted his teeth. He could not afford to give in now. He had to remain alert, aware, even if he felt like his brain was trying to consume itself within his skull, and he longed for something, anything to shut it down, even for just a few minutes. He focused his attention on John’s chest, watching the steady rhythm of his breathing – rise and fall, up and down. He forced himself to match his own breathing to it. He sat like that until morning, not sleeping, not moving.
They look at each other and burst out laughing. Peals of hysterical uncontrollable laughter until tears run down John's warm, crinkly face and his aura looks like the northern lights over Iceland during an electrical storm.
"Are you somehow implying that the assumptions
“Sherlock…” he begins and goes to kiss the bow of a mouth in apology, but Sherlock turns his head just a hair and John stops.
There are three exits to the station, Sherlock remembers, and he wants the main one, the one that comes out on Marylebone Road. It's straight up the stairs and out, isn't it? Or is is a left? Why can't he remember? This certainly smells like the right station, that's hopeful. Sherlock decides to stick with the greatest mass of people, the correct exit for him would be the most popular. He keeps in the densest portion of the crowd, going up and notices that his hands are shaking and that his heart is pounding.
Sherlock goes very cold. “I am not going to let that happen.”
No sooner has John left him than the train begins to slow for the next stop. Suddenly, Sherlock can picture it all with frightening clarity.
“Some things can’t be fixed,” she says softly, without rancour now, to his retreating back.
He shifts awkwardly. “You seemed pleased at the time,” he points out. “Moved, even.”
“Hmm?”
Mycroft doubled over in pain. “Lock up when you leave,” John said, and walked out the door.
“It’s like as, and you can keep it!” John cuts him off. Sherlock steps back, feeling his chest tighten unexpectedly at John’s rebuke.
John shakes his head. “Do you think you’re going to die? Is that what this is is? Do you think he’s going to kill you?
“Literalist.”
When John finally turns back to look at Sherlock, his face is a battlefield of emotions and his aura is riotously coloured. "Sherlock..." he trails off.
Shots ring out, going wide, and John fires back even though he has no hope of hitting anything. John’s back is throbbing but he pushes on, at last catching a glimpse of a shape up ahead. Just for a second. He wipes the water from his eyes and fires another shot, which is returned immediately. He thinks it’s missed entirely, but he hears Sherlock gasp behind him. He turns and looks and sees the bullet has grazed Sherlock’s left thigh – a flesh wound, but enough to stop him running.
“I cannot believe that even you, as clueless to basic propriety and human emotions as you are, would expect me to agree to marry you with no discussion, no prior warning, in our freezing cold flat, with Mrs. Hudson and a client who wants you to prove that he couldn’t have killed his mother-in-law because he was across town shagging his wife’s brother as witnesses!”
“Apparently…not,” he replies, motioning to the growing bulge in his trousers.
“Sherlock? I’m coming in, okay?”
The pit grows to an abyss. “Ah… well, yes. Yes, they are. You see I did some very thorough research after you mentioned your concerns for Rosie’s future, and while there are a number of steps that can be taken to assure that, estate planning documents, guardianship agreements, tax shelters, et cetera, I came to the conclusion that this was the simplest and most legally sound way to put everything in order, with a minimum loss of assets…” Sherlock’s panicked babbling falters under stony silence from John. He can’t quite decipher the expression on his friend’s face but it certainly isn’t one of the good ones.
They throw themselves into the case. It’s not long before another body turns up, in Greenwich. A retired social worker from Wokingham. She had been killed nearly a week previous, same strange marks on her throat, same M.O. in every way. The case had ended up in a different division and no one had thought to call Sherlock until Lestrade got wind of it.
Sherlock nodded vaguely but made no other move. He seemed to have fallen asleep. John took his skinny wrist and felt for a pulse. Weak, but steady. He relaxed slightly, but did not remove his fingers from the pulse point. Sherlock’s hand tightened around his unconsciously, and John did not try to extricate himself from its grip.
SO IS THIS THE ONLY THING YOU UNDERSTAND? he demands, plunging his tongue down Sherlock's throat. VIOLENCE AND SEX, IS THAT THE ONLY WAY I CAN GET THROUGH TO YOU? THE ONLY WAY I CAN MAKE YOU UNDERSTAND ANYTHING, THE ONLY WAY TO GET YOU TO CARE AT ALL?
John dribbles some of the warmed oil between Sherlock's shoulder blades. He leans down and whispers in Sherlock's ear. "We're going to test your senses. You have to tell me exactly what I'm doing as I do it."
Still, something had shifted slightly in their relationship. Sherlock seemed slightly less obstinate around him, slightly more aware of where John was and what he was doing, even when it didn’t relate to anything Sherlock might be interested in. He seemed to be attempting to remember not to cause explosions or other loud noises late in the night. Sometimes he even made tea. And he was quieter. Not the maddening quiet of being lost so entirely inside his own head that nothing could reach him, but a more contemplative, melancholy kind of quiet that John had never seen before.
Sherlock reaches in his pocket and hands him a wad of bills. “That’s 200 quid,” he says. “I don’t want you to sell to me anymore. Ever. For any reason. Do you understand?”
"Sherlock, are you sure about this?" John asks, nervously. His eyes are bloodshot - she’s been teething.
“That was the wrong code,” the woman said unnecessarily, arching a perfectly sculpted eyebrow at him. “Is there a problem?”
“Yeah, I don’t think it would really work very well applied on a broad scale,” John deadpans and they both chuckle, more in relief than anything else.
John stepped off the train at Zagreb Central Station feeling more like a zombie than a man. Nearly two continuous days on trains, even with skipping Vienna. He had been impatient for his destination, and while he had taken a slightly less direct route, he hadn’t been able to bring himself to make any long unnecessary stops for the sake of secrecy.
Sherlock surveys the gristly scene with his usual impassivity. They were too late. John’s got a strong stomach, but a murder-suicide, and for so young a couple, gets him where he lives, and he has swallow his gag reflex and breathe very deliberately for a moment.
“I needed to see how he reacted to blood.”
John grins and pulls Sherlock's head down to kiss him. And suddenly, for the first time in years, Sherlock feels like the world is right again. Like he's home.
“We’ll wake
“It’s nothing, John! Keep after him. I’ll catch up. You’re the only chance now. ”
A pause. “No.”
But he doesn’t have time to reflect on how ridiculous this line of thought is, because Sherlock has snapped him to attention and he’s back to doing his duty, standing guard, working in perfect harmony with his friend, exactly as it should be, exactly as they always are. Even through the smoke alarm and the gun to his head and the moment when they are both certain that Sherlock is going to have to watch John get his brains splattered all over the cream cashmere carpet and John isn’t sure which of them is about to suffer more, he feels like things are completely right. This is how it works. This is what they do.
"Wha-- where--? Oh. Sherlock." He flickers from high intensity sparking to low, mellow warmth when he identifies Sherlock beside him. His voice is pure relief. "It worked. Thank God. How did we get down here? Are you okay? Why are you holding me so tight? It hurts. Jesus, everything hurts."
“That’s as may be. Tell me who you’re hunting and then I’ll decide.”
“What on earth is wrong with you?” he explodes. “You’re the most possessive, overprotective man I’ve ever met and you’re talking about Tess dating as if it was no more of a concern than her getting new ice skates. In fact, if I recall, when she did actually get new ice skates you forbade her to use them unless she was swathed in bubble wrap! For Christ sake’s, you nearly drove the poor surrogate to madness when she was carrying her. You monitored what she ate, what she drank, how much she slept, you forced her to listen to science textbooks on tape, practically dogged her around the city whenever she went out. But now, our actual child wants to traipse around London unsupervised doing God knows what with God knows whom, and you’re… fine… with this?”
"Look, I'm sorry I spoiled your evening. I was hoping to avoid that," John offers. "Maybe I can make it up to you?"
John’s expression melts into softness.
He can't talk to John about it. Not much genuinely disturbs the man and not for long, but when he was pulled out of that well, holding those tiny bones, his face was like nothing Sherlock had ever seen on him. Sherlock won't take John back to that moment no matter how much he needs to make sense of it. And John can’t tell him any more about it than he already knows. Only one person might be able to.
“Here, how did you get out of your chains?” the guard exclaimed, dropping the tray of food he had been carrying and fumbling for his weapon.
“Bloody hell, I don’t think so! Not after what you’ve put me through. I am not letting you out of my sight.” John was furious.
“Oh? How exactly?” Sherlock asks in his most insufferably arrogant tone.
“Your body tenses unconsciously in very specific ways when you’re contemplating sex, depending on exactly what act you’re thinking of and whether you have just done it or would like to do it. Your breathing and body temperature indicated you were being turned on by something already done, most like very recently, and the sympathetic clenching of your—”
“I still think you’re exaggerating.”
John rushes to Sherlock and inspects the damage. Bits of wood are embedded in it and it’s ugly, but not too deep. There is a lot of blood. John’s heart chokes his throat, a visceral reaction to the sight of injury to his friend, but he swallows it back and grabs his jacket to staunch the flow.
John shifts away from the window and closer to him, so they are touching. “You’re right,” he says, leaning into Sherlock a bit, so Sherlock can feel that he means it. “It’s better.”
“Nonsense, even these vapid, empty headed, inbred ninnies can manage it, I’m sure you could probably pick it up.” John looks doubtful, which Sherlock appears to take as a challenge. He discards the pastries and stands, put-upon, and holds out his arm. “I’ll show you.”
It is the first time he’s said his friend’s name in days, and the two stare wordlessly at each other for long seconds. John is appalled at the degree to which his body has responded to the unwanted kiss, how delicious the taste of Sherlock on his lips again was, how he warmed at the touch of his hands. He hates Sherlock for making him want him again.
"And then we'll have free-floating mercury in our systems. Great," John says, and his sarcasm is oddly comforting. Even paranoid and crazy, he's got a sharp tongue.
“Why?”
“Well, if you recall, in the middle of it you mentioned that we’d better look into making sure we had the right legal documents done in case something happened to you - or both of us - so that Rosie was taken care of. You said you’d never had a will and that mine was probably no longer valid since I’d already died once, and you were worried about what might happen. And then the bird-man hit you on the head with the bassoon and we never finished the conversation?”
John headed immediately to Scotland Yard, on foot. He was running on auto-pilot, too stunned to consider the implications of what he had just learned. Sherlock was dead, then he was alive, now he was missing. It was too much to take in. If he was to be of any use to Sherlock, have any chance of finding him, he couldn’t afford to think about what he was feeling right now. He didn’t even know what he was feeling, other than that one way or another he wasn’t going to stop until he found Sherlock. Alive or… he shelved the thought quickly. Alive. He would find him alive.
“Mr. Holmes, you do impress me,” Moran continued. “You don’t look like a person with such inner reserves of strength, either mental or physical. And it’s my experience that the really smart ones usually have no tolerance for such unpleasantness. Well, that or it gets them off. I have to say it, you are winning this one. If I keep going you’ll likely die and then neither of us will get what we want. So, I’m trying something different.”
John shrugs and moves to get up, but Sherlock swiftly shoves him back down into his chair.
Sherlock sits up, slowly swiveling his legs over the side of the bed, acclimating himself to the darkness once more. He feels John get out of bed too and hears him rummage through his wardrobe.
“I’m not jealous,” John snaps. “I’m just tired of being shut out and treated like I’m not there. A few days of
“Dead?” John asks incredulously.
He freezes for a second and then lowers himself gingerly onto one of the most uncomfortable chairs he's ever encountered, upholstered in a daisy pattern.
"So far," Sherlock admits.
“He only steals the jewellery to pay the bills. He doesn’t get a thrill from it, or from the break-in itself. That’s where we’ve been wrong. That’s just money, he can’t be trapped by luring him with trinkets, however valuable. He’s got self-control there. What thrills him is the pictures – he steals personal family photos that only have value to the owners. And only ones that don’t have copies or negatives or exist in digital form. He gets off on stealing memories that can never be replaced.”
Carefully, still following the tracks, he mounts a long, narrow, turning staircase, stepping only where he sees a footprint. The tightness of the space and the blind corners make him even more jumpy.
“The coffee,” John finishes. “The cyanide was in the coffee.”
“Did you have any symptoms or feel unusual leading up to this?”
“I don’t know. Maybe.”
Sherlock allows John to pull him down to the bed, to wrap his arms about him and curl himself around the taller man, trying to soothe him with his body. John pulls the duvet over both of them and Sherlock begins to relax, ever so slightly, in his embrace. John murmurs soft, reassuring words in Sherlock’s ear, pressing tightly against his friend, hoping it will be enough. “It’s good. You did good.”
John gives a wry smile and together they sit up, settling on the sofa with sides pressed into each other. John feels strangely happy, content, glowing warm light at Sherlock. the light of a candle when the power has gone out. Despite the pall over him, some of it infects Sherlock, and he smiles and lets his hand drift to John's thigh.
“You know, we have talked about you
Mr. Bryant coughs politely and they both stop and stare at him.
Lestrade relaxes a little. “Thank you, John.”
“Well, you thought you had done so it still counts. My
In retrospect, John thinks days later in his bed, rubbing his split knuckles as Mary snores beside him, he really ought to have seen it coming.
John's face is wet, soaking through fabric until it clings to Sherlock’s breast. His chin comes to rest on the top of John’s head as John fists a hand so tightly into his coat that Sherlock thinks he could rend the heavy wool of it in his grief.
So he makes his peace with Sherlock, with the life they’d had together. He visits the grave for the first time since he'd said goodbye. He makes it up with Mrs. Hudson for the years of neglect, of not being able to face her. He visits 221B and offers to help, finally, clear it out. He does the things he was supposed to have done two years ago to close out that chapter.
, and steam. The north side of the room is entirely taken up by large fume hood that vents outside. There is also a refrigerator and a chest freezer where John’s bed used to be, as well as a steriliser.
“As appealing as that sounds... I need to make sure that every bit of Moriarty’s legacy is gone. What if someone else like Moran decides to try and grab power? The police won’t do enough, they won’t get at the inner structure. I need to use what’s on this phone to get them to destroy themselves, to make absolutely sure that not a shred of it survives, that the kill order can never be revived, that no one is left who even remembers our names.” Sherlock’s voice was firm. “I am not doing this again, I have to finish it this time.”
"Of course not!" Sherlock snaps, feeling hurt and foolish in the way only Mycroft could provoke. "I just thought... I thought..."
“Hardly,” Mycroft says dryly. “If that’s what you want, I won’t say a word.”
The question again. Sherlock feels a stab of fear when he thinks of his desires. It seems like too much to ask, but John’s breath is hot on his cheek and it makes him bold.
Sherlock nods. “John, I… I owe you an apology…”
! That was a good joke indeed. If tracking down a criminal he had never met until recently was a betrayal, then he was happy to play that part. He took out his phone and dialed the number, not as written but in its unscrambled form: (038) 8827-8835.
Sherlock took a deep breath. This was not a strategy he had prepared for, but he knew giving John anything other than what he was asking for now would backfire. “Yes, it was fun. The hunt. Putting the pieces together. The scent of blood in my nose. Destroying everything Moriarty built, every last connection, every asset, one by one. Dismantling it with my own hands. It was the most satisfying thing I’ve ever done. But I want you to believe me that the only thing that could have made it better is if you had been there with me.”
“Ah.”
Lestrade looks doubtful and Anderson outright scornful. John wants to punch his little ratty face, but restrains himself.
“Actually, it might be better if you sent him away for a bit,” Sherlock tells Lestrade. “If the killer realises he’s failed in his set up, he might try and finish him off. Best if it seems like it worked.
history, you and I, I don’t understand how you can just throw it all
Sherlock, for once, looks very surprised. “John, you have to understand, I –”
It hurts more, something he hadn't thought possible, crushing him with guilt and regret. But it also allows Sherlock's loss to fit into a worldview he can accept as reality. A perverted and depraved reality in which supervillains exist and triumph, but somehow less irrational than a world in which Sherlock Holmes, with whom he had shared home and hearth and bed, was a suicidal fraud.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "I know my childhood was hardly typical, but I'm fairly certain I was never quite
"Not really. But don't bother responding. He won't be listening, and prefers to talk cases over with me. At least, some version of me." He walks out the door before she can answer that, and finds himself in a better mood than he can remember in a long time. He feels confident now, and slightly ashamed of his insecurity and jealousy surrounding someone so utterly irrelevant.
what you’ve thought? Don’t be a complete moron, John.”
John knows the ritual, even he doesn't partake himself, he’s seen Sherlock do it hundreds of times, understands how important it is for Sherlock's state of mind. Especially right now.
red wasn’t it? But it was dyed that way. Goodnight, Mr. Bryant. Remember what I told you.” And with that Sherlock sweeps out into the night, leaving John to make a hurried apology on his behalf and offer some quick, bracing words of reassurance before trotting after him.
Sherlock rubs his hands together. “Of course. He’s been spying on me since I was twelve. I’m sure he still will, just not inside the house. Nice work, John!”
“Yeah,” John agrees. “Yeah, all right. Let’s go.”
Neither knows how long they stay like that, but it is several minutes before either can move or speak. At last John lifts his head, still not letting go of Sherlock. “How? Why?”
But John didn’t seem to miss it much and, with the exception of Sarah, he’d never really seemed to care about his girlfriends. He just liked to have one, like it was an accessory that proved he was a normal, red blooded male. Sherlock pretended not to remember who they were, to aggravate them, but John actually did have trouble keeping track of them. It was best all around that he seemed to have weaned himself off the habit.
John arrives, flustered and out of breath, with the baby and her many associated belongings. He hasn't brought Rosie to the flat much since Mary died. Sherlock's not sure what that means. Does John not want her around him? Or perhaps he thinks Sherlock doesn’t want to see her or be bothered. He knows John must need the help. He was certainly desperate for a hand today, and the timing is perfect.
John glances back at Rosie's small, still form. "She'll be asleep for awhile," he says, whispering again. He takes Sherlock's hand and leads him out, closing the door behind them. Halfway to Sherlock’s bedroom - their bedroom, again, at last - he turns and looks at Sherlock severely. "But you have to be quiet, okay?"
“And you never came to see me. Why?”
She waved off his comment. “But they didn’t know him. Not really. Think of the people who actually
than lose your precious doctor.”
It’s so pleasant that John has nearly forgotten about Bryant’s case until Sherlock bounds up the stairs three at a time and bursts into John’s room.
Sherlock composes himself, gets up, and leaves without another word, touching John softly on the shoulder as he goes, all he is able to give at the moment. John has never wanted to run after him and wrap him up in his arms so badly. He physically aches for him, to take him to bed, to comfort him. But it wouldn’t work. Sherlock needs it to be like this, for now. And John has absolute faith that Sherlock will prevail, believes with all his heart that Moriarty will be defeated and that Sherlock will come back to him, fully. They need each other too much to stay away.
John shrugs off his concern. “She’ll be there, or she’ll be where it’s going. And if she doesn’t know what Moriarty’s plans for Sherlock were she’ll know who does. She had orders to bring us in when we met her on that case, and if she survived capture and Moriarty’s death there’s a reason other than luck.”
“What do you mean?”
"John, I need you to give me a shave. I can't use a straight razor blind and your electric one doesn't cut close enough."
something massively important or significant in any way. It’s not just paperwork, Sherlock. It is something much bigger than that, much more meaningful. You can’t just make me an afterthought in my own life, or in Rosie’s.”
The last time they make love, after Moriarty is acquitted but before they are drawn into the nightmare of fairy tales and destruction, Sherlock is spooned around John, in the small hours of the night. John is tired but Sherlock is insistent, needy, and John doesn't have the heart to refuse him. Later he is grateful he didn't make that mistake, that they had one last, quiet, tender moment together, even though it shatters John's heart to remember it. Sherlock is so gentle that night, worshiping John's body with his hands, memorizing it, and utterly, profoundly silent.
“Well, you’ve seen,” John said shortly. “Now do you believe it?”
wants
“Are you sure taking Bryant with us is a good idea?” John asks.
They are quiet, desperate, and violent, biting and clawing at each other, not holding back, John leaving marks and wanting to be marked in return, wanting to inflict and receive pain because it’s all he knows anymore. The energy between them is darker than even their harshest previous encounters, some quite rough but never tinged by genuine malice before. It’s not long before they are naked, and John, without preamble, grabs the bottle of lube and condoms from his drawer and tosses them at Sherlock. “Here. Use them.”
“Why?”
It would be so easy, now, in the rush of anger and joy and relief at Sherlock’s return to fall into bed together. They both wanted it, he could feel it hanging in the air between them, hot and moist and tempting. But it would be a mistake. He wasn’t over what Sherlock had done, those six months of loneliness. Sex wasn’t going to fix that, and it couldn’t
Mary pulls her legs up to her chest and rests her elbows on her knees, scrutinising him. "Sherlock, I wanted to talk to you before the wedding because I think... I suspect this may be a rather difficult day for you."
“Did you put rogering your brother-in-law over the holidays in your wedding vows? Because you’re doing
“Hey!” said John at ‘shortish’.
His head is still hurting from two nights before and his body is sending him the signals that let him know he's pushing it too far and it's going to give out on him if not tended to. Reluctantly, he gives in and allows himself another day and night in bed to recover before making any decisions on what to try next.
I THINK WE BOTH FORGOT THAT YESTERDAY.
Sherlock is insufferable for three days after this.
"If you are really content as you are, happier on your own, then by all means continue this way. There are many advantages to it. But if not, if there is some fear or belief that is stopping you from pursuing something you truly want..." he trails off, uncomfortable with this level of intimacy, even with Victor. He clears his throat.
“You look like Christmas sometimes,” Sherlock tells him, a little breathlessly, putting his hands to John’s waist and running them down to caress his jeans-clad arse.
Stay here tonight?” John whispers into his hair, and Sherlock nods, closing his eyes.
“Technically, the laboratory dosed you.”
“It’s the shade most compatible with your skin tone.”
He hustles Sherlock out the door before he can be heard to mutter "Well,
"Christ, that's not good. Here, lean on me and we'll try and get a taxi home." John slings Sherlock's arm across his shoulder and helps him hobble towards the nearest main road.
It’s late the next day when John finally fetches up in Inverness, still somehow damp through and completely exhausted. He’d not been able to sleep on the train, anxious about being spotted and about what will happen once he gets on the ship. He pays for a cheap room with cash and forces a few hours of sleep.
"I get that a lot, actually," he replies, and she laughs.
on me. I wouldn’t want people to think I enjoy
John reaches out and brushes Sherlock’s arm, smiling at last. “I missed you, too.”
They take their time, existing for long minutes in a limbo state of pleasure, exploration, soft touches, until at last Sherlock can take it no longer. “Now, John? Please?”
“Oh, is that all?” Sherlock turns back to his microscope. “Isn’t there usually? Really, John, I’m beginning to worry about you.”
He won’t go to Mycroft.
He is quiet. They are both quiet, and eager and gentle with each other. Much gentler than usual. The late afternoon sun warms and brightens the room until Sherlock cannot tell what is coming from outside and what is coming from John. They go slowly, drinking in each other’s bodies, all traces of uncertainty or hurry at last banished. There is a sense that, for once, they have an abundance of time.
“Well, it’s only a five right now John,” Sherlock informs him primly. “I put the address in your phone. Take a coat, it’s chilly.”
They are silent, taking in what they have just done. After a few moments, John grabs his discarded boxers and gently wipes them both clean, settling back down in the crook of Sherlock’s arm.
BIT LOUD, John answers, back to his wrist now.
Sherlock fidgeted in his seat, drawing his legs more tightly to himself and running his hand through his hair, pulling at it. He finally met John’s gaze. “He beat us, John.”
It’s not until much later, after the party and the champagne and far, far too much talk of weddings, that Sherlock replays the scene in his head and realises that when John had touched his arm, his fingers had not been still. They had been ever so slightly tapping, coding as they once had when he had been blind and deaf and John’s Morse descriptions had been his only window to the world. A silent apology, one that nearly undoes all his careful mental work converting their relationship back into a platonic one.
“Not angry. Bright and white and golden. Like a Christmas tree lit with candles… happy?”
To her credit, Ms. Mihov barely blinks when he’s there to greet her as she disembarks from her ship. For an instant she rises on the balls of her feet like she's going to flee, but then changes her mind and walks boldly up to him.
"A woman. From one of your old cases. Hanna Mihov. Name sound familiar?"
Shifting the boxes is difficult and the ceiling in the cupboard is low. He feels like he's been at it for an hour when Mrs. Hudson startles him by coming up behind him and bellowing his name.
John shudders. “I’d really prefer not to think about it.”
John could see anger gathering in Mr. Božić’s face, but could also see that he bought the lie. “As you say,” he grumbled, and returned with a ledger book. “This is the only copy,” he assured John. “Now what about my payment?”
“Fine!” Sherlock said moodily, shrugging him off at last. “If it means that much to you. But no sleep. Can’t sleep.” He returned to stalking the length of the kitchen, once again in his own private world.
"Are you just trying to get me partnered out of some misplaced, conflated guilt regarding your childhood friend and what happened between you and I years ago?"
. What did it mean? Why didn’t he know? Moriarty acted like he should know. He should ask Moriarty. Where was Moriarty? Not here. Not at the pool. Not anywhere. He was gone, like a ghost. Sherlock felt like a ghost. Maybe if he was a ghost he could find him. But ghosts don’t have hearts, nothing to burn. He wouldn’t need to ask. But then he’d never know, and he’d be a mad ghost. Like Moriarty.
“How are we supposed to… Oh. Mycroft.”
“As the person in charge of seeing those orders went through…yes, I’m certain.”
He is not asking for permission but Sherlock nods anyways, and submits coolly to the standard poking and prodding, the cold stethoscope, the thermometer in his mouth.
. Sherlock,” he pleads, “they are
He starts walking again, so determinedly that Sherlock moves out of the way and falls in beside him.
(See the end of the chapter for
John Watson isn’t sure about Sherlock Holmes right away. He’s an odd duck, no denying that, but clearly brilliant. John finds the combination of his intelligence and his refusal to hide it, along with his complete lack of respect for social conventions, rather refreshing. Particularly the bit where he treats John like a complete person with some interesting facts about him instead of as damaged goods.
Moran did not appear terribly surprised. He rose and poured himself a drink. “And why is that, Mr. Holmes? It seems a perfectly reasonable offer to me.”
“Yes, yes, Official Secrets,” he snaps, scrawling a signature on the proffered clipboard without bothering to ascertain whether he is anywhere near the dotted line. “Now, run along back to daddy, we’ve got work to do.”
“Thank you,” said Sherlock graciously. “But I feel that I showed a rather large amount of compassion, all things considered.”
“Apparently the Lady de Corataine has been feeling rather put out that none of his family ever attends the event. In the interest of domestic peace he requested that I come this year.”
“Maybe he knew we were closing in on him, got rushed?” John suggests.
John sits up without a word and waits for Sherlock to speak.
Sherlock is tired enough to let John take control without complaint, and John takes his time, hoping to restore a little sanity to him with his body. John is good with his hands and knows it.
John steps close to him, close than he would ever normally be in public, practically within the folds of Sherlock's coat.
John’s stomach dropped. “
you want?”
“I think you might be radioactive,” Sherlock tells him, completely serious, and John quivers as the reverberations of Sherlock’s deep voice reach into his own body.
“Handled?”
“No, it’s not,” Sherlock agrees, feeling suddenly very calm. “Like I said… I can’t live like this. I can’t work. I have nothing. I can’t be me like this. You know I can't. It's best if I go now. Before it gets worse."
“I didn’t know you found playing my boyfriend so distasteful.”
“Oh, there is one, and that would be me,” Moran said. He sounded confident but Sherlock could see he was rattled. “I just need the data on that phone to consolidate the operations and they will come to me like men in the desert come to an oasis.”
The awkwardness of John’s pause is practically audible. “You know, I don’t trust Mycroft either… but he loves you and he has resources I can hardly imagine. I know you hate admitting weakness to him but it might not be a… terrible... idea to let him in on this.”
After a decent interval Mycroft says, "So," in a tone of neutral curiosity that sounds just the tiniest bit forced. "Where will you begin? Do you have a lead? The assassins my men captured ended up annoyingly dead before we could question them."
He even tried to entertain John, when he remembered to do so, playing the violin for him and picking up novels of the pulpy sort John enjoyed when he went to the shops. He hardly slept, as usual, but when he did it was a light sleep, attentive to any noise from the bedroom that might indicate distress. Through it all, John was silently appreciative and tried to be a model patient, which was difficult for him. He felt that to draw attention to his friend’s newly-found nurturing side would only embarrass them both. He adopted a stiff-upper-lip attitude to the whole thing, but was deeply grateful for Sherlock’s presence.
Sherlock ignores him and continues at his brutal pace so finally John just stops. He crosses his arms and waits for Sherlock to turn back.
“No, you don’t understand. There is a boy downstairs
He scrolled through his mental list of area codes. No country code, so must be inside the U.K. The area code indicated a large city, but it didn’t match any he had on file. Of course, creating a working phone number that matched no known location would be child’s play for Moriarty. But why bother, why not just take a random number? It must be a message.
“Right, no English,” he muttered. He racked his brain. “
"I want it to have never happened, Sherlock! I want you to have made a different choice. You act like it was the only choice you had, but it wasn't. I can think of a dozen ways you could have managed that situation without destroying my life."
“Do I?” asks John, working off Sherlock’s shirt and beginning to methodically explore the rangy torso with his mouth.
Then John comes home from a meeting with Mycroft to an envelope of breadcrumbs and news the Ambassador’s children have been kidnapped, and it all goes bad so quickly that he cannot quite comprehend it. They both know, instantly, that this is Moriarty’s doing, but neither will say it. John hopes, prays, he is wrong, that it is just a normal case,  that they will find the children and all will be well.
“That’s what I plan to find out.” He tightened his scarf. “Go, get to a friend’s before dark. Don’t tell me where you’re going.”
Sherlock shakes his head, impatiently, running a hand through his hair in frustration. He speaks in a clipped, urgent voice, wanting John to understand but annoyed by having to explain. “I don’t know. I can’t want it, I shouldn’t want it, it’s wrong, it’s a distraction, it’s against everything I’ve taught myself to be, but I do. And I’m tired, John. Tired of fighting it, tired of pretending I don’t have to fight it. It’s…it’s too much. And I don’t want to die without knowing what it’s like, what you feel like, what you taste like… I can’t do it any longer.”
It’s so infuriating that John is tempted to go to Mycroft, but he suspects something is going on there that he shouldn’t interfere with. The only one who has a more complicated relationship with Sherlock than John is Mycroft, and John freely admits he doesn’t understand it. He decides the best thing to do is to just let whatever it is run its course, and hope Sherlock will talk to him at some point if it is serious.
“Because… because it’s
“Three days. Four days. I don’t know! What do you suppose he meant?”
“Not remotely. But it doesn’t matter right now.” Sherlock’s face grew stern. “What are you doing here? I meant for you to alert Mycroft, not come yourself!”
“Because I pay attention, and because it is my job to pay attention. That’s why you’ve come to see me, isn’t it? Then get to why you’re here or get out.”
"I think that..." he pauses. John doesn't look right. He's flickering and has taken on a defensive posture, his eyes darting around as if expecting danger. "John, how do you feel?"
Sherlock looks at her sharply, remembering uttering those words himself once. It sends a chill down his spine.
Sherlock sits bolt upright in stunned disbelief and scans her face, eyes darting back and forth in panic. Her expression is open, matter of fact, no anger or manipulation noticeable. It doesn't make sense.
“Hm? What?” Sherlock asks, distracted.
“Not… really. Only take a minute, just a little paperwork.” Sherlock is extremely chuffed with himself for actually remembering something John had said he’d wanted. And right before Christmas, too. Sherlock doesn’t care about Christmas - except for the presents and lights and the chance of some creatively festive sex - but John loves it. He wonders if he’ll be able to count this as John’s Christmas present.
There were some margin notes, barely legible and in Croatian, from Mr. Božić that referenced locations. One was, unsurprisingly, Vienna. There were others. London. Cairo. Helsinki. Johannesburg. John sighed. He couldn’t investigate all those places, and even if he tried, he’d need something more specific than just a city name. He had a feeling Moran would not be an easy man to find, even if he was right under John’s nose. And even if he did find Moran, it was no guarantee he would find Sherlock.
The hole left in Sherlock’s life by Irene Adler feels much more like one made by a lover than anything John can picture leaving, for all they’ve shared. It doesn’t help that John has been firmly banished to the very bedroom Sherlock once all but begged him to give up.
“Obvious!” Sherlock curses.
“Didn’t seem like it. Why didn’t you just go on up to her room?” Sherlock demands. “You were half buried in her décolletage as it was. Bet you could have got some really interesting facts from shagging her!”
John gets the syringe into the vein and manages to inject nearly a quarter of it before Sherlock wrests it out of his hand, blowing the vein and tossing the needle across the room. “No!” he yells, swaying with the effort of keeping himself sitting upright. “You can’t.”
"Why are you here?"
He tries to gather himself to continue as if nothing has changed, trying to banish all thoughts unrelated to the task at hand, but it’s too late, she’s already won by inserting herself into both their brains and that can’t be undone.
"Until you begged for mercy. Twice," she tells him, and the stare between the two of them is so intense as far as John's concerned they might as well already be having sex in front of him. He is finding himself so furious at Sherlock, at her, that he almost can't breathe. Like he's watching his whole relationship vaporise in front of him.
Sherlock sets his jaw grimly and clambers to his feet. Gently, he hoists John in his arms and carries him, a little unsteadily, down the stairs, depositing him on the sofa.
“Oh, it’s not a game. It’s very serious. And I’ll answer, even though you refuse to ask it.” She put her perfectly lined lips close to his ear and whispered, “Yes.”
“Eight and a half minutes,” Sherlock growls back.
"And now?"
! And, my dear, you
“Just one of them. And my business is my own. I can assure you, however, I’m no friend of their organisation or anyone in it. And I have no quarrel with you.”
Sherlock gives a private little smile, pulls John tighter to his side, and closes his eyes, home at last.
She’s funny and sarcastic and smart. Kind, but also a little mean and more than a little weird, and she slides into his life before he has a chance to question it or feel guilty. She makes him laugh, and more than that, she makes him happy. Really happy. And the hole Sherlock left in his life doesn’t hurt any less for all that, but somehow the two things manage to co-exist, which is a good deal better than it was before.
John gets Sherlock to bed, not even bothering to try to undress him in his state, just laying him on the mattress and pulling the sheet over him, hoping he’ll sleep it off. John positions himself in the sitting room with the futile hope of getting some work done, strangely unsettled and tensed for any noise coming from the other room. When Sherlock does wake, calling for John, he’s hardly more coherent than he had been on the way home, babbling about the woman again, insisting that she was here, trying to get up and go after her.
"You both saved my life. And let's not forget I somehow went two entire years without a single attempt on it. Sherlock Holmes returns and it's what? Three days before I'm embroiled in some kind of terrorist scheme and being roasted alive just to warn him off the case?"
He caught himself laughing in a way he knew was not entirely sane. He didn’t like it when John was gone lately. Anything could happen. He had to stay close to John, didn’t he? John was infuriating. He didn’t understand. Always talking and asking questions and complaining. Wouldn’t let him alone. But last time he’d gone to Sarah’s there’d been a bomb instead, and then he’d tried to die to save Sherlock. That mustn’t happen again. John really should be more careful.
“You were right, John. This is better,” Sherlock says, when he can speak. “Much better.”
Sherlock swallows and John can feel the tension in his whole body. “May we please have sex now?”
He was breathing quickly, in a rage. How dare this woman come here, now, and try to talk about Sherlock as if she knew him! She had been gone for months. Dead, he had thought. Everyone had thought. He didn’t want to deal with her ghost any more than he wanted to deal with Sherlock’s.
“In my experience,” he began, with forced slowness, shaking with pent up anxiety. “When you get close to people, they expect…certain things. I…I don’t always realize that. And when I do, I don’t know how to give it to them. Not emotionally, not…physically. I’m not… I have my work. I always thought it was all I needed, but it’s not. I need…closeness. Sometimes. A companion, a… partner. But I fear I am doing you a disservice, when I can’t be…fully…what you need. I might never be...able...” He trailed off helplessly, not meeting John’s eyes, focusing his gaze on his own tapping fingers.
Sherlock’s face begins to assume the expression that indicates he is about to hit a sulk of epic proportions but John is unmoved.
, and you didn’t tell me?”
“What did Mycroft tell you?” Sherlock snaps, still not turning toward him. John doesn’t ask how he knows; in addition to keenly honed deductive skills the brothers seem uncannily able to read each other’s minds.
“You mean his junkie days,” John says sourly and Mycroft winces.
“Indeed. We can try again when you are ready,” she said coolly. “Although after two unsuccessful attempts, the box does institute a higher security protocol which requires a number of steps of identity verification before it can be opened again.”
When John has stilled and Sherlock can go without air no longer, he releases John and then dissolves onto the floor besides him, physically and emotionally spent. He doesn’t know what he expects to happen next, but it isn’t for John to settle solemnly next him, to fit himself into the curve of Sherlock’s arm and rest his sandy head on Sherlock’s chest, to stroke Sherlock’s leg with his foot and let out a long sigh. John feels different now; the pain is still there, but it’s dulled, and the fear is gone. Any space that had existed between them, the small amount before he’d gone and the yawning chasm when he’d returned, has been erased. John feels real. John feels like his.
“Sherlock, I believe that, I really do. I know you were trying to protect me, to protect Mrs. Hudson, and Lestrade. I know you did it for us. But…the thing is… you also did it for you. You had a score to settle, a nemesis who eluded you, even in death, and you couldn’t stop until you finished it. It wasn’t concern for me that kept you at it so long, without a note or a call, was it? Be honest.” John’s voice was stern, demanding.
“You do realize that your precious visual cue is very possibly a permanent untreatable brain injury, right?”
John drifted over to counter and put the kettle on. Now he could feel Sherlock’s eyes boring into the back of his skull, trying to work out what was going on. He smiled to himself. “Tea? Breakfast? I was thinking a fry-up might be nice. I know we have some beans around here…”
“Goodbye, John,” she says, her voice dripping with sarcasm. “It was loads of fun.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, you couldn’t apply enough force with soap to fracture my – Ooh,
John does as he asks. "If you like, I can read to you later."
Sherlock quickly reviews the turns they've take. He's pretty certain they went out the main doors of Bart's. "North. The north side of the street. We're walking east towards... Noble Street." He's less confident this time, but John squeezes his fingers, pleased.
“You should go home, John.”
“…Bulgaria.” John reads, in astonishment. “It’s her, it has to be!”
They ducked behind a dumpster as he fired another round of shots at them. They were both breathing heavily.
“Sherlock?” John calls softly.
Just then Mrs. Hudson showed up, making a fuss, and Lestrade insisted on a statement from both of them. Sherlock relented, resentfully, eager to be done with the whole business. There was no time to talk more for a while. Sherlock observed the events around him but felt oddly disconnected, like he was watching the telly with the sound turned way down. A feeling of foreboding overtook him.
should be able to tell me how.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, sits down and opens his computer, typing furiously and ignoring John.
“Right. Right.” John is practically shaking with rage. “No big deal. And I suppose you think that when we—”
“Mary Boswick, 58, of Enfield. School teacher. Absolutely nothing out of the ordinary or suspicious about her existence. She appears to have been chosen at random.”
“Maybe.”
"Me?" John gives a nervous laugh. "I'm not a brain specialist and I certainly don't know how to run an fMRI machine! Of course I'll go with you, and I know just the doctor you need see, she's completely brilliant, you can trust her-"
Sherlock lets out a long string of invective, but his heart isn’t in it. The truth of this is undeniable.
It takes him nearly a week to come to a conclusion and then a little longer to arrange things after that. Fear strings him out like a live wire the entirety of that time, fear that in asking for what he wants he will lose everything. Still, the advice he’d given Victor was what he believed, and now he feels no choice but to act accordingly with it.
“And now, you come down here in a positive
He laughed out loud. Moriarty felt betrayed by
"Yeah. Couldn't just swallow it or inject it normally. Blood-brain barrier and all that. Sorry about the massive needle to the brain. I realise it was a bit alarming. Still, only option."
John freezes for a long moment and then to Sherlock's great relief replaces the stool and sits back down, though he's still casting worried glances at the door.
Something in his face causes Victor to give into his affectionate impulses and he puts a hand on Sherlock's arm. It’s surprisingly grounding.
“Okay, that was just cruel,” John tells him, irritably. “And you did it on purpose, too. Knock it off. She was no threat to you, and you know it. And what about that waiter last night? He was all over me, and you thought it was the funniest thing you’d ever seen.”
“I’m famished,” Sherlock continues. “What do you say? Angelo’s? Kebab? We could wake up Mrs. Hudson.”
“Glad you approve,” John mumbles dryly. “Why do you look like a kitchen porter?”
No, that's wrong. There's no war. John is being influenced by the drug. Sherlock concentrates with difficulty. "You were explaining to me about myelin."
Sherlock smiles privately at that as they reach the cafe and sit down. John's not going to give him any slack now, which is as it should be. After they eat John makes him give the route to the nearest tube station before they set out.
He finds a small wound on the back of her head. “She must have hit it on the table when she fell,” he mutters to himself. “Thanks, Molly, I think I have all I need. Just text me if the test shows something other than cyanide, okay?
Laying this sort of groundwork is tedious at best, and Sherlock is relieved when someone finally engages him with something other than a comment about the weather or his chosen beverage.  Late afternoon on the third day a ruddy man sidles up to him at the bar.
It’s completely nerve-wracking, and does not play to his strengths. He much prefers the rush of an outright firefight than skulking through a maze of things trying impale, hang, or decapitate him. His only consolation is that Sherlock seems to avoided nearly all of them entirely.
John cuts him off again, cold, ruthless. "Just don't, Sherlock." The way he says the name slashes like a knife, so different than the way it has ever sat in his mouth before, like the man before him is a stranger.
“John, your company would be…most welcome,” Sherlock admitted. “And it would certainly be easier having your skills, both medical and military, at my disposal. But I need to take them by surprise. If they didn’t think I was dead before, they certainly do now. I have a plan to take care of that with the relevant individuals, but to the rest of the world things have to look normal. No one can know what I’m doing. I need you to go back to London and continue to act as if… as if I died those months ago, as if nothing has changed. Take my mobile, keep it safe until I return. Or… well, if something happens to me I would appreciate if you would make sure that the record is set straight.”
“Don’t you dare,” John says. His face is like a storm cloud and his voice is still cold, but Sherlock doesn’t care because John is touching him, John is kissing him, even if his kisses are hard and unforgiving and full of rage. He can let John take all his anger out on him like this, if it will help. John can do anything to him – the only thing he can’t stand is John doing nothing to him.
Sherlock considers the proposition gravely. “That would be acceptable,” he agrees with a yawn, sinking back down into the bedding. “Wake me when there’s food.”
John’s head snaps up. “What could you possibly know about it?” he hisses at her. “How could you possibly imagine anything that I’m feeling? You had a
“That file and your face. Now get out of here before I change my mind.”
Sherlock pulls up short. “Yes. From me. But you like women. You’re not going to just run off with another man, I’m the only man you’re interested in. But you’ve always liked women, and they like you. Too much.”
“Well, if you like I can try asking him?”
“Am I speaking normally?” he asks, attempting to sit up straight. It’s difficult, his balance is all wrong, but he can manage.
! She was a piece of work. On the whole, more than enough excitement for the week, I’d say.”
"Innocent. Naïve. Unaffected."
Sherlock made a sound of relief. “John, you’ve been stabbed. Don’t try to move. The police will be here soon.” He hoped it was true. Both their mobiles were useless after a dunk in the ocean – Lestrade’s quick response was their only chance. There was no one around to get help and he would not leave John. He tore off his scarf and bound it as tightly as he could around the stab wound in John’s lower back, hoping that would be enough to slow the bleeding.
“Nothing yet. But it seems Dr. Watson has been doing some investigating on his own and is looking for you. I thought I’d help him along. And I am betting that while you’d rather die than lose to me, you’d rather do
John takes out a syringe that is frankly alarming in size. "Well, it needs to be delivered directly to the brain to have enough potency to work. There's not a lot of options." He draws half of their potion into the syringe and stands.
"Yes. She's utterly charming, reasonably clever, and almost foolishly kind. And that is completely irrelevant to what this is about."
“John, be reasonable…”
"Ah, Mycroft Holmes. Now he is absolutely no fun at all, no wonder you can't stand each other. Still, he gave me quite a lot of useful information during my interrogation. Almost worth the terrible housing conditions and light torture."
“No! You never did!” John had figured out that Sherlock’s family was well-off a long time ago. One didn’t get a taste for custom suits, £2,000 coats, or hundred-year-old bottles of wine from a middle class upbringing. Still, this went beyond well-off and into the aristocracy. “You grew up
Sherlock returns an hour later, just after John and Mrs. Hudson have completed their exhaustive search and Mycroft has finished warning him just how bad Sherlock really is tonight. Not that John hasn’t figured it out on his own, but having Mycroft confirm it makes his stomach twist with fear.
“When you said you decided a long time ago not to… why did you choose that?”
“Why did you bring me here?” Sherlock asked.
He reproves himself. He doesn’t have the luxury of this right now. If he is to be successful he can’t afford to think about all that, about John.
"Well?" hisses Sherlock in a low whisper.
Her too-obvious coquettishness, brassy and unpractised, brings home just how young she really is and John dials back from the encounter, trying to figure out how to get a look around without her appointing herself his own personal tour guide.
John froze. He took a deep breath and forced himself to calm, despite the fact that his heart was still racing.
“Right. Right. Of course. I… um… came from a date. Not the technician. A nice guy…”
John emerges from the hospital doors at long last and Sherlock doesn't need to ask what happened. John won't meet his eyes, he just walks up to Sherlock and is still, shoulders slumped and defeated, gaze downcast. Then he just crumples, collapsing in on himself, seeming very small all of a sudden. He falls against Sherlock's chest as if the effort to remain standing has suddenly become too much, unable to support even his own slight weight.
Sherlock bites back a response and waits.
The man looks offended. “Vegans believe any kind of exploitation of our animal brethren does us all karmic damage.”
Sherlock waves off his comment. “Oh, never mind, John. It doesn’t matter. I only took this case because things were so unbearably dull – Lestrade would have solved it in another day or two on his own. Maybe our subject would have been short a couple of digits, but at least he’d have learned his lesson. Shall we get food?”
“John, did you hear me?” Sherlock cocks his head, looking him over for any evidence of what he might have been contemplating.
After a too-long pause, John opens the door. The list of people John hopes it is not is very long and includes almost the entirety of humankind. Victor Trevor is not on that list. In fact, he’s not on any list – John had forgotten about him.
After the ceremony, the pictures, the luncheon, Sherlock’s nearly disastrous but highly entertaining speech, and the conclusion of the Mayfly Man mystery, John accosts him in the hall. Major Sholto’s care has just been taken over by the paramedics and Mary is trying to soothe the guests, since Sherlock was rubbish at it.
John coughs and shifts guiltily. “So I was thinking, do you want to get some dinner? All we’ve in is that leftover steak and kidney pie that is starting to look suspicious.”
“Oh, Sherlock, I trust you!” she assured him.
John shook his head. “I think I’ve decided I no longer give a flying fuck about people talking,” he said solemnly. He rose awkwardly to his knees. “I know what’s important now,” he said. Impulsively he pressed his lips to Sherlock’s forehead – a fierce but chaste kiss – then looked away, embarrassed, and scrambled to his feet.
“Yes, John?”
"It means we're going to have to get a look at your brain. I'm afraid it has to be something effecting the visual cortex. You need an fMRI so we can see what going on up there."
Still, neither manages to do much more than pick at the food. They sit in silence, lost in their thoughts until finally John slams his hand down on the table. “Enough of this.”
John steps closer to Sherlock, his previous task forgotten, and puts his arms loosely around his friend’s waist. Sherlock relaxes at his touch.
Sherlock relented. “Yes, it was him. What it means for you is that you will not go home tonight. You will stay with a friend, but not too close of a friend and not family. Tomorrow you will go home and you will search every corner of your flat and all of your possessions and discard anything that seems out of place. You will change your locks and give the key to no one, and change your mobile phone and number and all your internet passwords.” He considered telling her to move to a new flat, but Moriarty would find her in any case if he wanted to – he could find anyone. The best Sherlock could do was make sure he didn’t have completely free access to her home, person, or data. He made a mental note to search her flat for bugs himself when he was done with this business – she would never find them all.
Sherlock enters the morgue, bag of crisps in hand, to find Molly sitting on the floor in the back corner staring straight ahead at nothing, tears staining her face. She doesn’t look at him when he comes in.
Wait.
With that, the tension seemed to drain from Sherlock’s body like the tide going out, as though he had only been holding himself together by sheer force of will in order to hear those words. He seemed to melt onto the bed. “Thank you, John,” he murmured, rolling over on his side with his head facing the foot of the bed, knees tucked almost to his chest. He made a surprisingly small figure, all folded up on himself in that way he had. He was instantly asleep.
Sherlock was on his feet now, attempting to pull his hospital gown adequately around him, and painfully aware of how short it was. “No interview, no statement.”
To his dismay, she follows him, curling up in a chair while he chops carrots.
Sherlock breaks off in mid-sentence when John opens the door. “What took you so long? It’s been ages! Never mind, sit down. It was the coffee!”
“Was there a man here, a few weeks ago? Tall, dark hair, very quiet?”
“So, are you saying
“Why?” Sherlock demanded.
“Then I have little choice. You know, at some point in the future I will probably hate you very much for this.”
It rang too long. Just as he was beginning to doubt that it was still connected, a confused female voice answered.
His brother’s timing had been impeccable, as usual, although Sherlock would have preferred an extraction prior to the beating. Still, the combination of his success in destroying the last vestige of Moriarty’s influence and the prospect of returning to London, to John, to home is heady. He’s massively pleased with himself, impatient, and in a good mood for the first time in as long as he can remember.
“I’m sorry, did I do something wrong?” He asked, confused but somehow unsurprised.
Sherlock looks quizzical, but doesn’t push the issue. “I’ll be late, don’t wait up.”
"You should talk," Greg mutters, holstering his weapon. "You'd better have a bloody good reason for breaking in here."
Sherlock says goodbye, not feigning the emotion in his voice for once, and steps off the roof.
“Sherlock, I can read,” John growls at him. “Look, I can’t keep this pace up much longer, particularly since I don’t understand what the hell it is I’m doing. Have you learned anything at all from all this?
“You know
“Yeah, good. Lunch.” Normalcy is good, John tells himself, as they head out the door. They’ve made enough strides for one day and honestly he doesn’t know what the hell he was thinking when he said all those things to Sherlock. He meant them of course, he just had never had any intention of saying them. He hopes  fervently for a good case in his inbox, preferably one that didn’t involve murder or sex. A nice jewel theft, maybe.
Molly tenses beside him. “John…”
“Where are you going?” Sherlock mumbles into his pillow, not moving.
"Uh uh," Moriarty scolds. "Not yet. But it won't be long. Go home, Sherlock. Hold your Doctor. Make your choices. And don't say I never gave you anything."
“You’re home early,” Sherlock remarks without looking up from his book. “Problem?”
“Fuck you. What, I’m supposed to let you overdose and cut yourself and do whatever the hell you want until you die in here, then I can come in and clean up the mess?”
Sherlock nods. “It’s the only scenario that fits all the data. Even if all the data doesn’t quite fit it yet.”
write, anyway?” he demands, as if the concept is preposterous.
The problem is figuring out which string to pull. Nearly every case of significance he’s worked in the past two years had Moriarty’s stench on it somewhere, but most of them couldn’t be used in the way he would need to in order to get to the heart of the matter. They were too insignificant or too temporary of a connexion or simply just designed to play with his head.
Mrs. Hudson gives him a slightly concerned look. Not that she gives him any other kind these days. "That old thing? You threw it in the bin the week after you moved in, didn't you? I remember because I thought Mrs. Turner might have a use for it but then I thought you might not like it if I took it out..."
Sherlock breaks off, appalled at himself for speaking so, but Victor looks so serious he resists the urge say something smart to cover the moment.
Sherlock makes it across the border with France to a nondescript coastal village. He risks taking a room with some of his meagre supply of cash so he can catch up on sleep and treat his wound properly. He's so disappointed by the result of his investigation in Bruges that even the front-page story in the paper, about the dramatic busting of a paedophile and child exploitation ring via the expeditious method of its leader being found staked out naked in front of the Stadhuis with the details of his crimes stuffed into his mouth as a gag, can barely lift his spirits.
Sherlock gave him a piercing look. “You really only understand brute force, don’t you? You have no mind for schemes or cajoling, or even how to play on another man’s desires. You think that just because you’re bigger and stronger and have more guns things will always go your way, don’t you? Did you really learn nothing from sharing Jim Moriarty’s bed for the better part of a decade? I have literally never met someone with less subtly. Do you actually just
“I’ve done all I can to find him without attracting attention. My resources are great, but there’s only so much I can do. If I am too obvious then both your lives will be in danger, assuming Sherlock is, in fact, still alive. But you… they’ve stopped watching you, John. They assumed if he were somehow alive, he would have contacted you by now. You are literally the last person they expect to make a move… and thus you’re the only who can. You have to find him, John. You have to find out…” Mycroft trailed off.
The next few days are a whirlwind of research and interviews, and they barely get to see each other, though texting is constant, both as an exchange of information and suggestions for each other that would make a whore blush. John hopes no one else ever gets a hold of his phone.
“I very much doubt that,” Sherlock replies and she doesn’t deny it. “I suspect there’s still quite a lot you can do to aid me in my work.”
“Good,” says John. “Then we’re going to continue on the assumption that this is a medical condition. Not everything shows up on a scan. Blood tests will tell us more. Now, let’s go home.”
“John, why are you looking at me like that? Is something wrong?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about John, but I’m pleased you’re well. I didn’t expect them to release you this soon.”
But even after a couple of months something continues to haunt him. One day, while John is away visiting Harry, who Sherlock will still not abide, Sherlock finds himself buying a train ticket to Northumberland.
“This is better? Christ.” John finally is able to comprehend the mess around him. The telltale signs. Two different powders, several syringes, the rubber tubing around Sherlock’s arm. He knows Sherlock favours cocaine when he is bored or sad and heroin when his brain won’t shut down. It slowly dawns on John that the remaining, mostly full, syringe on the bed is filled with both, and the empty nearby probably had been as well. His heart stops.
“Love has nothing to do with it,” he says coolly. “But I suggest you don’t test me.”
“Yes. But I suspect not for some time, and there’s no way of predicting his next move until he makes it. Best not to think of it.”
John put his lips briefly to Sherlock’s collarbone. “I don’t like that.”
“I know I shouldn’t impose on you like this,” Victor says. “But I had to come and see… I just couldn’t believe…” He chokes back tears and John awkwardly puts a bracing hand on his shoulder to steady him.
Sherlock looks hurt. “I have just as much reason to be angry with you as you do with me.”
He laid John on his back on the wooden slats of the pier. “John! John, speak to me. Can you hear me?” No response. A diluted stain of crimson blood bloomed from the back of his jumper; alarming, even though the wound didn’t appear too deep. But John wasn’t breathing. No pulse.
He corners John in the upstairs hallway, as he’s coming out of his room. Sherlock knows,
"Yes, John," Sherlock says obediently, not suppressing a smile.
"So what?"
“Because it’s
Suddenly, John remembers their first time together, the words Sherlock had said to him in barely a whisper, in the most honest, quiet, intense moment they had shared.
Greg looks deeply concerned but doesn't protest and fetches it, along with two glasses. Only after he's poured them both what can only be described as an immoderate portion of Scotch does John begin to talk.
He closes his eyes and steeples his fingers, determined to think his way out of it, but he can’t seem to get past the look on his friend’s face when Sherlock had told him about the adoption papers. He’d been so horrified at the thought. Repulsed. Maybe Sherlock had misinterpreted what John had meant about taking care of Rosie. Maybe he had misinterpreted more than that. John had
"No," agrees Sherlock, shifting to relieve the pain. "I was tortured. Several times actually, but these are the fresh ones."
“Mycroft’s lawyers are very efficient at cutting through red tape. I… may have forged your signature on some filings.” Next to him the registrar opens her mouth to object and Sherlock snaps, “You didn’t hear that. Remember who my brother works for.”
Sherlock waits for John to speak. He does not say any of the things Sherlock expects.
“I don’t think you hate Christmas nearly as much as you like everyone to think,” he tells Sherlock in a low voice. “In fact, I think you quite enjoy it.”
FIVE. BUT YES. John's caught on quickly.
John gives him a meaningful look.
"Hmm? Yes. It's over."
“God help me, yes, John. But take care of yourself. I don’t need another body of someone… someone I know,” he corrected quickly. “And try not to
Sherlock releases some of the pressure he didn't realise he was applying and feigns grogginess. "Sorry. Don't know. Don't remember," he lies. "I can see and hear again though. Everything appears normal."
“Fine, sorry,” John mutters and shifts his hold on her to compress her carotid artery and jugular vein on both side of her neck enough, without restricting her airway, that she slumps silently in his arms after only a few seconds.
"You're asking me - us - to move in."
It's just the stress of the situation, he tells himself. But he knows it's not. It's the drug working on him, working whatever terrible havoc it's got for him this time. He's got to get home before it sets in. Last time he'd had twelve hours, but maybe he's been dosed so heavily, so many times, that no longer applies.
The detective finally met his gaze, silently, his grey eyes searching John’s almost hungrily, trying to make sense of the meaning behind his words.
John somehow manages to get Sherlock on his back beneath him without ever breaking contact with Sherlock’s mouth. They press against each other as tightly as possible, trying to banish any hint of distance between them, to communicate solely by skin touching skin. John’s hands roam over Sherlock’s arms and chest as he rubs the side of his face against Sherlock’s stomach, wanting to feel every single part of Sherlock’s body on every single part of his own body, preferable all at once.
“No, Sherlock. It doesn’t matter, right? None of it matters.” He tears the rubber tube off Sherlock’s arm, hikes up his sleeve as far as it will go and ties off, grabbing the used needle off the bed and looking for a vein. “What happens to you, happens to me. I told you I’m not leaving you, and I can’t sit here watch you destroy yourself so I might as well fucking join you! Your blood, my blood, what the hell!”
“I swear, John, I really am fine. Well, I will be fine. Right as rain once you fix me up.” Sherlock tried to sound chipper, though it took an effort. He really was in an extraordinary amount of pain.
Sherlock gestures noncommittally. "Not worth the trouble to find," he says, taking a long draw from his pint.
"I'm pleased you’re here. Stay as long as you like."
“Yes, what is it?” he snaps. Long pause. The tone of his voice changes, goes quiet and cold. “I understand. He
Victor looks sharply at him, assessing. "You've changed," he says after a long pause. "You never used to think like that. John's influence?"
He shut off the record, filled a basin with cold water, and got a washcloth. Then he pulled the chair from the corner of his room over to the bed and settled himself in it, putting a cool cloth on the feverish head. “Just be still,” he said. “This will pass.”
“No.”
He downloaded directions for the address onto his smartphone and hurriedly cleaned up the mess he had made of the smuggler’s goods, stashing everything in the bottom of the wardrobe and piling the room’s extra quilt on top of them. Hopefully no one would search his room. He went out at once, locking up behind him and leaving word at the desk that he did not want to be called for supper, and that he wanted neither maid service or turn-down.
“Yes, fine, of course, doing the same.” But Sherlock made no move to stir. John shrugged, murmured good night, and dragged himself to his room. He fell promptly into a dreamless, battlefield sleep, the sleep of a soldier with a mission accomplished. He awoke several hours later, sometime before dawn, to hear footsteps in the hall outside his room. One, two, three, four, five, six. Stop. One, two, three, four, five, six. Stop.
The next day, clearly outnumbered between Sherlock, Mary, and his own subconscious, he gives up. He goes round to Baker Street and doesn't even give Sherlock too much of a hard time about everything.
John laughs. “No, definitely not. How about we re-christen your bedroom as
Sherlock shakes his head and smiles knowingly at John. “Tell me, why would a paper company have an unmarked, reinforced door that requires a badge to get through?”
John’s head shoots up and he looks at Sherlock with red-rimmed irises. “Sherlock,” he says, his voice much gentler than Sherlock expects. “That’s not what this is about.
He smiles at Sherlock like the first dawn at the North Pole after a very dark winter. For a moment all is right. But then something flickers across John’s face, something that hurts him.
. As it was, John had considered calling him anyway but had decided that requesting help deciphering a code that was apparently hidden inside his own head would be too humiliating.
“No, Molly, everything is exactly right. Turn the power off and take the battery out, then go outside,” he said, flipping his phone shut. He waited 60 seconds and re-dialed Molly’s actual mobile number. She answered immediately.
John begins to feel nervous as Sherlock’s slicked fingers work their way slowly towards his entry, skittish of his own reaction, of how practised at this Sherlock might or might not be, but he forces himself to relax. He trusts Sherlock, he repeats to himself. He gasps as Sherlock slips a finger inside of him, and Sherlock stills, letting him get used to the feeling, steadying his shoulder with his other hand and laying firm, reassuring kisses on his neck and face. John makes a soft noise of assent to let him know he can continue, which turns to whispers of pleasure as he feels first one finger, then two, then three, moving inside of him, carefully exploring, stretching, seeking.
Sherlock nods and is quiet for a few more minutes. John knows it’s not going to last and is not at all surprised when he begins, “So, what did she tell—”
"No!" The loudness of John's response shocks them both and they subside into silence again. After minutes, hours, decades, John finally says in a barely audible whisper, "Do you know what the worst part is? I mean, aside from it being my fault and aside from the fact that I think I might have made every day we had together a little bit more painful for her?"
"Yes, you're physically attractive, wealthy, not entirely dim-witted, and you own your own castle." Sherlock says dryly. "What dregs of the earth would be interested in you?"
"A lot of things. The Woman is gone."
He feels foolish and tries to pull away.
Sherlock describes Ms. Mihov and is not surprised that the answer is a long string of Dutch profanity before he is even finished.
John leaves early in the morning, making one last ditch effort to impress his upcoming absence upon Sherlock’s brain on the way out the door. Sherlock is deep in some experiment and doesn’t respond.
A pause. “I thought I would go and see the… the grave.” Victor all but gags on the word.
He disembarked, shakily, at the Ivalo airport. Was it possible to get PTSD from an aeroplane ride? He stumbled outside, hoping for signs to indicate which way to the bus station. Glancing around in the dark, he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. He turned towards it, but before he could focus, he felt a sharp prick in the back of his neck and then blackness overtook him.
Sherlock snorts. "If you can call that work, at what they pay scabs. Here." Glancing around furtively, he produces a crumpled paper from his pocket that bears a crudely drawn symbol of a bee in a hexagon with a prominent stinger, a drop of poison hanging off the tip. "I've got references. And job skills."
John steps carefully down the hall towards Sherlock and stops when he reaches him. “Agreed. So, any ideas?”
“You’re cruel when you’re high, did you know that?” John asks bitterly. “And stupider than usual. It’s like you’re trying to get rid of me just to prove I don’t care about you. And as tempting as it is to give you your way, I’m not going anywhere unless you keep acting like such an incredible arsehole that I have no other choice.”
Treating it quite so lightly had probably been a mistake, Sherlock reflects as John’s taxi pulls away, leaving him vainly attempting to staunch the flow of blood from his nose. But he’d been so high on his accomplishments, on being free again, as high as any drug had ever made him.
“Not a client. Registrar. I didn’t want to be discourteous by keeping her waiting.”
John shook his head sharply. “Don’t. Please.”
“There was a figure next to me, blurry but real. The man I’d shot.” John barks a bitter laugh. “Man. Boy, barely. Thirteen years old, max. He was badly wounded.”
Sherlock grins. “Isn’t it wonderful? Tomorrow we’ll go back to the scene together and it will be perfect.”
Sherlock was the one who could spot the tiny discrepancies, the esoteric inconsistencies, could crunch the terrabytes of data instantly in his head to discern which path to take. How is John supposed to do this without him? Why does he even want to?
WHICH IS WHAT?
There is a pause and he feels John smile, feels his assent, feels the space between them recede, and he curls himself around the doctor, trying to touch every centimetre of skin with his own, pressing his lips into the nape of John’s neck and leaving them there.
Sherlock’s grey eyes fly open, jarred out of the moment. He’s humming beneath John, breathing raggedly and rutting up against him, undulating, anticipating. He says nothing, animalistic and hungry and out of his head now.
John can’t help being completely melted and not a little turned on by that, but he tries to stay focused. “But it hasn’t always been like this since we met, has it?”
“A dead, collapsed star that sucks in and destroys everything around it?”
Sherlock nods, slowly returning to a state of equilibrium. He hears Molly stir, and wishes she hadn’t seen that. She’s got his coat and helps him into it. He cringes when she opens her mouth to speak, but instead of sympathy she just says very quietly, low enough that John can’t hear, “You’re still yourself, you know. This doesn’t change that.”
Sherlock looked at him as though he was mad and John snickered at his expression. “Only one, only because I had to. The others are sleeping off a nice dose of ketamine cocktail – which, by the way, is what they were shooting you up with – in the well-equipped and impenetrable cells downstairs.”
The men look at him blankly for a moment, before Jackson roars with laughter and slaps him on the back. “Good one, Watson! Had us there for a moment.”
John is very still for a moment, captivated by this performance, then shakes himself and takes Sherlock’s hand, leading him back to the sofa. They sit, with Sherlock’s gangly legs thrown over John’s lap. “I’m not crazy,” he says defensively but tiredly, and John strokes his calf.
She snorts harshly at him. “I don’t need to have, we track the ID of every employee who walks through the door electronically. This isn’t the Dark Ages. But as it happens, I walked by his office and saw him in there, working away. Good man. He doesn’t have to come in today, like we do.”
Sherlock glares at him. “Well, go and fetch it.”
The shard in Sherlock’s heart that is Mary Watson’s final gift to him stabs painfully and he nods, trying not to let any of it show. “Yes. Of course, I should have realized… don’t give it another thought. There are plenty of other ways we can plan for Rosie.”
“Yes, John,” he says meekly.
“Excuse me,” Mycroft tells the lady, and steps aside with Sherlock who whispers something to him with barely restrained excitement. “Excellent. I’ll take care of it straight away. Do try the dessert.”
"Die of fear."
Sherlock hesitated, then nodded. John took off down a narrow side street to the left, towards the water. Sherlock fired his gun once to keep the criminal’s attention, then resumed his pursuit. They were running parallel to the ocean, a few blocks from the actual docks. Suddenly, as John had surmised, the man turned sharply and made for the wharf. He dropped out of Sherlock’s sight, but Sherlock smiled anyway. There weren’t many escape routes that way, and John would be waiting for him.
It’s been a cold, rainy day in the middle of a London December that has been even more than usually full of cold, rainy days. It doesn’t seem possible that water could still be coming out of the sky in a liquid state at these temperatures, and for all its charms 221B doesn’t exactly do much for keeping the damp out. Nevertheless, Sherlock is in the sort of cheerful mood he normally only associates with the word “homicide”. John, however, is not.
“Maybe. But not in the next three days, I assume, from your lackadaisical approach so far. I’m going to the conference. I’m to present a paper; I can’t just not go.”
“Crissakes, you aren’t even wearing trousers!” John stomps back to Sherlock’s side of the sitting room and shakes the sleeve of his second best dressing gown for emphasis.
John settles into his shoulder. “Lunatic.”
John has the wild urge to put his lips to the pavement and taste the blood, diluted with rainwater, to confirm that it truly belongs to Sherlock.
“Why on earth would you say something like that?” Sherlock answers, too casually.
“I’m really not in the mood—”
"Not you, them. Tosser."
“I-I’m not sure. I haven’t looked yet.”
John’s released his wrists and is keeping him in place through bodyweight and sheer force of his rage, coding now on Sherlock's sternum with his whole hand, not taps but blows, reverberating through Sherlock's whole body.
“Why would I take your gun? John, you must be seeing things.”
Still, he feels a strange reluctance to assume his usual place in Sherlock’s bed and the fact that Sherlock is currently sprawled diagonally across it, taking up every square centimetre possible with feet still hanging off the end, isn’t an incentive. Instead, John trudges up the stairs to his room, rarely used, little more than a storage closet at this point but still his own space. He has that, at least.
“You look –” Sherlock begins breathily, but John cuts him off sharply.
"No. No, not him, he isn't."
“I give up. When you deduced Mr. Bryant today… how?”
. Who is it?”
Goddamn that selfish, cold-hearted son of  bitch. John’s mind is filled with equal parts anger and fear. He forces himself to calm, pushing the emotions down until they are seething under the surface, but at least he can function. The only way he has a hope of finding Sherlock is to retrace his steps.
“No.”
She says nothing, but doesn't bother hiding the fact that she's livid.
"I doubt it, but thanks."
“Of course I will, John.” She grinned ruefully and rubbed the back of her neck. “But better be in a bed this time, otherwise my spine might call a strike!”
Mary looks him right in the eye. "So much for delicacy, then. If you don't think I figured out you and John were shagging each other’s brains out before you disappeared, then you're the worst detective in the world."
Sherlock pushed him away violently, stumbling into the darkness.
She grins at his inspection of the room. "Ghastly, isn't it? I suppose this is what event decorators think women like. Still, better than trying to drive here in a wedding dress."
John breaks away after a moment and narrows his eyes in suspicion. “I got an offer on the practice this week. Cash, twice what it’s worth, anonymously through a law firm. That was you, right?”
Sherlock is blind with rage for a moment, it fills his head like static. Other men, touching John, violating John. It makes him sick. He wants to find them, tear them apart, destroy them so that there is no one left but him who has known John. But it dims quickly, and only then does Sherlock truly understand the extent of what his choices have wrought, fully grasp that John is right, they can never go back to what was before.
“I know.”
“You look like our flat when there’s a fire in the fireplace and all the lamps are on, and I look in the window at night  from on the street before I come in.”
“Mmm,” rumbles Sherlock, pleased, resuming his attentions, “Then let’s drive the point
“What’s the difference?”
"And you're... okay with that."
Sherlock rolled his eyes impatiently. “For several reasons, Mr. Moran. The first being that as a consulting detective it rather goes against my nature to leave the leader of an international crime syndicate free to operate without interference. In addition, I have quite a few plans for the item to which you are referring and I am afraid they’d be somewhat interrupted if I gave it to you. Not to mention the fact that you likely had a hand in killing several people and leaving my life in ruins, for which I still plan to repay you. And lastly, given the kind of man you are, I see no reason believe you will let me walk out of here alive under any circumstances.”
And then John is with him again, loosing his bonds. He covers Sherlock in kisses, soft ones, all over his throat and shoulders and face, winding his arms around him and talking so incredibly delicately into the soft skin behind Sherlock's ear.
, why don’t you listen to him the first time and save all of us the headache of you jailing an innocent man while a murderer, apparently a very clever murderer who you might just need Sherlock to track down, goes free!”
John smiles inwardly and decides Sherlock's been punished enough. He puts down the paper. "All right, all right. The case. You first. Who was that woman and what is going on?"
Mr. Moran has inspected the items. Thank you for your cooperation, Mr. Božić. Good day.” He gathered the cartons and book and strode out of the shop, a lot more calmly than he felt. He made it around the corner and out of sight of the shop before he had to lean against a wall and let his heart rate slow. There were so many ways that could have gone wrong.
“What I can’t get over is how much she actually looks like you,”John whispers. “Are you quite certain you need to adopt her? You and Mary spent an awful lot of time together.”
“You had me kidnapped out of my lodgings, transported across thousands of miles, drugged multiple times, imprisoned for days, restrained, drugged again, and…forcibly bathed. I’m not sure rude covers it.”
Sherlock looks at him helplessly, struggling to understand. Isn’t this exactly what John had asked for? He’d been so sure John would be both thrilled and relieved, and had even let himself daydream about in what way John might decide to express his appreciation. But when John speaks again, it is in the clipped, stormcloud tone he uses when he is trying very hard to not to hit someone.
Moriarty laughs and finishes his cigarette, throwing it to the ground and not bothering to stomp it out. "Plan? My dear Sherlock, I just wanted to see what would happen. The events at Dartmoor were relayed to me in vivid detail. I wanted to see for myself. I had hoped to reproduce the effects of the drug, make them permanent, or at least as permanent as I wanted them to be, see what you would do then. Alas, I couldn't procure a sample of my own n that time and my chemists are...well, they're no you."
“Absolutely,” John says, deadly serious. “And I still will too, if you try a fucking stunt like this again. Shit, I don’t think I like this.”
"I have to know why he did it,” John continues. “And why he was willing to let his reputation die with him. This might be the only chance."
Sherlock finally looked at him. John was smiling, his expression indecipherable. He reached out and tilted Sherlock’s chin up, then leaned in and kissed him, softly, deliberately. “Complete and total idiot.”
be mine, no matter what.”
Sherlock remembers. His eyes fly open and the brightness of even the very dim upstairs room is dazzling, almost painful. He can see again, in normal colors, everything around him. The ugly plaster ceiling is nothing short of an artistic revelation. It worked.
They have time for John to get soup and bread, while Sherlock gulps his coffee like he’s in a competition and then taps his fingers on the table, anxious, waiting for news. Finally his phone buzzes.
John finds himself half out of his chair with the urge to leap at the older man’s jugular, but Greg settles him with a hand.
John sighed and Sherlock could see him weighing whether to engage in the conversation or continue his campaign of psychological torture. Finally he said, “I can’t believe you need to ask me that.”
? Say that again,” he said in a dangerously low whisper, advancing on Mycroft once more.
“Rich and miserable.”
John Watson is having possibly the loveliest weekend of his existence, never mind that it’s technically Thursday.
“Set? What do you mean?”
“Greg, if there’s nothing to go on…”
“And…what if I don’t?” His tone is defiant. “What if I just continue on the way I have done and ignore this completely? What will you do? Will that be the end of all this, then?”
“John…what… what did you do?”
what I told them last time. Shipments come irregularly, no more than eight weeks apart but even with clearance I only get notice 24 hours in advance. It happens when it happens and I'll have it no later than mid-March. Out my hands."
This state of half-life between them persists for more than a week, until Sherlock can stand it no longer. He needs John. He barely held onto sanity over the past year, was pushed to his limits in his attempt to root out Moriarty’s network, had been tortured, starved, and forced to do things even he has to admit were extremely distasteful. Through it all, the thought that had sustained him was coming home to John. And now home isn’t home and John isn’t John, and it’s all wrong.
The girl in reception is beautiful, with light cocoa eyes and hair and skin, over which a handful of espresso freckles has been artfully sprinkled. John feels himself adjust his posture as he approaches, automatically straightening, smiling, becoming attentive to her. He reproves himself – she cannot be more than twenty – yet she returns the smile with more than just the politeness of the job, looking him over and apparently not finding anything wanting.
“I just… aside from being angry about how you did it and how you were thinking about it, I think I reacted so strongly because of Mary. What I have with you and what I had with her were so different. And I felt so guilty that I loved you, that I ran back to you so quickly, that I betrayed her in so many ways, big and small. That she died because… because of what we do, what we are together.
This situation continued for four days. Captivity grated on him, and not showing it was even more taxing. He could not understand what their purpose in holding him for so long without asking him any questions was. The only answer must be that the person who had ordered his kidnapping had not yet arrived.
“Sherlock…” he begins.
could go to Bryant’s work on Monday and check things out while I’m away,” John points out after a few moments of silence.
“I know you do, you’ve got plenty of them already,” Sarah said, her voice gentle but chiding.
He doesn't have time to deliberate any longer. He has to make a decision. Three stops, he decides. They must have gone three stops, then the fourth was where John and the attacker got out. Baker Street must be the next stop.
“We’re not a couple.”
He rolls himself to the side, pulling Sherlock down to the mattress with him. “You’re my dark matter,” he tells Sherlock, stroking the curve of his hip. “You can’t always see it, but you make up ninety-six percent of my universe.”
"You don't look the part of the muscle," the man says.
"Shut up," Sherlock whispers, harshly. He's trying to think. This means something, he's sure it does, he just has to put it together and for that he needs no distractions. Out of habit he squeezes his eyes shut and puts his hands to his temples.
Sherlock brightens a little. “Yes. It’s when someone’s brain interprets the stimuli from one of the senses as something completely different, either replacing the real stimulus or overlaying it with an additional sensation.”
"How young do you want?"
John is more surprised than he ought to be to see Mycroft Holmes standing outside of his sister’s house the next morning. He rushes out before the man can try to enter. Harry and Mycroft would be an explosive combination and he’s not sure who would come out of it the worse.
John’s ears are ringing and his head is killing him. A flashbang. Where did Sherlock get that? And who deployed it? He pulls himself to his feet and looks around. He sees the retreating form of Abel Bryant just through the open door. Must have been him, on Sherlock’s prior instructions.
But even that lasts only a few seconds before Sherlock sinks back into himself and his playing, lost again.
“Should I leave?” Sherlock asks after a long stretch of silence, tentative.
He is not looking for data or high thrills or even reassurance now. He’s just luxuriating in having John constantly within arms reach and in a state of undress, with nowhere to go, for hours and hours at a time. He seems to be in it for the unadulterated pleasure of slow and repeated lovemaking with the only person he trusts enough to allow that close to him, for a brief span happy and content with no other thoughts troubling his mind.
“I don’t see it,” Sherlock said coolly.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Completely clean. Someone took care.” It feels good to get back to work together, helps erase some of the memory of recent events between them. He and John are at their best like this, and this promises to be an interesting case. He can’t hide his glee completely, and John doesn’t even chide him for it. He is relieved as well. Both men just want to go back to normal.
They freeze and John hears a voice behind him. “That was truly a sight to behold, John. Well done.”
“Yes?”
Slowly, tentatively, Sherlock began to respond to the affection, and even offer some of his own, leaning into John’s hand if he placed it against Sherlock’s cheek, or putting a couple of fingers very lightly against John’s leg while they were reading next to each other. He was careful though, clearly gun-shy of crossing a line again and having John reject him. John felt rather as if he was taming a wild animal. Domesticating Sherlock.
“Like a bomb?” John manages, trying to distract himself, as even staying motionless together is nearly enough to finish him off now. .
He hoped Sherlock had taken care of the original Moran agent quietly – if another shipment hadn’t been due for a month when Sherlock had gotten there, that meant that there were probably two more weeks before Moran or Mr. Božić started to suspect something had gone off. If he couldn’t find Sherlock in two weeks…well, he couldn’t think about that. The next thing to do was to figure out what was really in these boxes, and where they had been headed.
When he can collect himself enough to move, he goes out and finds one of the few remaining dealers he can trust who Lestrade has not put behind bars. He purchases a few grams of the highest quality, returns home, and carefully prepares his seven percent solution using his own personal, meticulously sterilised tools.
They take him away, some kind strangers holding John back, keeping him from throwing himself upon Sherlock’s body and laying with him in the street until he dies as well. John is left standing alone in the rain, with a puddle of blood next to him. There is so much blood. It’s all that’s left of his friend, slowly being washed away into the storm drain.
“I didn’t
He was being foolish, a momentary lapse in judgement. He’s quite satisfied with life as he’s chosen it, and if he did decide he suddenly needed gratification he certainly would know better than to attempt to get it from his straight best friend. But suppressing any sexual desire has proved to be the simplest path for him since secondary school and he sees no reason why that should change now. The few notable exceptions in the past only proved the rule.
Sherlock is right in front of him now, with a glint in his grey eyes. John knows that look, and all that comes with it.
“Safety deposit boxes are only available to current account holders,” the man told him, barely making eye contact. His accent was very good – John was glad most people in Vienna spoke English well. It was going to be far more interesting trying to communicate in Finland, especially outside of a large city.
When he came to, he was no longer in his prison in the basement, but in what he gathered was the main floor of the same building, which had proved to be a large, richly furnished mansion. It was dark outside, but that meant little in terms of time given that Sherlock was nearly positive he was north of the Arctic Circle.
"I...suppose..." Sherlock agrees. He finally works up the courage to ask what's been eating at him since yesterday. "John... could this be... something worse?"
He leaned over to pick up the manacles off the floor, trying to keep his gun steady and his eyes on Sherlock at the same time. His gaze only flickered away for a second, which was plenty of time for Sherlock to reach out almost lazily and disarm him by snapping his wrist with a loud crack. Before the man even knew what was happening, he was on the floor with his broken hand behind his back, Sherlock’s foot on his neck, and his own gun aimed at the back of his head.
This last is said carefully; a test.
John's hands are suddenly on his waist, pulling Sherlock up into the chair with him, Sherlock's legs having just enough room to settle around John’s thighs as the shorter man buries his face in the hollow of Sherlock's throat. A soft cry escapes Sherlock's perfectly bowed lips against his will and John whispers, "Be with me. Please. If only just once."
On Wednesday the call came that Sherlock was no longer a wanted criminal, although there were still some things to sort out before he could take cases of any kind. But he no longer needed to stay inside and pretend he didn’t exist. The speed with which he bolted out the door of the flat upon hearing this was astonishing. John could hardly blame him, after a week cooped up inside with his flatmate messing with his perception of reality. He didn’t ask Sherlock where he was going, but did manage to halt him just long enough to ask if he could be back by seven.
“Compliments on my intelligence. Is that your way of saying sorry?”
“John, I had no intention of letting you walk anywhere tomorrow,” Sherlock replied, in all seriousness.
"No!” Sherlock panics. This is not at all how it is supposed to have gone.  “Of course not. I didn't mean to... I should have thought. I didn't know what to do after everything, how to say..."
It doesn’t take long. John has barely clawed his way back to coherence when he feels the hitch in Sherlock’s tempo that means he is close. John pulls tighter around him as Sherlock slows incrementally and digs his fingers hard into John’s shoulder, his breathing rough. John rolls his hips back as Sherlock pushes forward against him and that last movement is enough. Sherlock gives a keening cry and twitches sharply, and John can feel every pulse and throb more vividly than if Sherlock were in him, feel the sticky heat of Sherlock’s release on the small of his back.
Sherlock focuses on him briefly. “What? Oh yes, probably. John, let’s go. Text me when you have something!”
(See the end of the chapter for
"So you've told me, and so I've told everyone who's called, but he's a persistent one and this is the fifth time just today. I can't have the phone ringing off the hook all day and night, you'll have to see him off yourself this time!"
John raps out the chemical formula in shorthand they’ve hurriedly devised.
“Poison,” the man croaked. “He hates poison but it’s quieter.”
John stops dead in his tracks and literally chokes, coughing uncontrollably while Sherlock forges on.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow and closes his book. “Don’t mention it. It’s…fine.” He stands and offers John a hand up. “I think perhaps we should both get some rest.”
“Oh, are you on that again?” Sherlock says, but without venom, realizing he may still be on the wrong side of this argument, at least as far as his flatmate is concerned if not on the merits of the case.
John cringes and Sherlock withdraws, hurt.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something that will doubtless get him in trouble, but John beats him to it, stepping between Sherlock and the two officers.
John puts the phone down without a word, calling to Mrs. Hudson for his coat. He grabs it from her, ignoring her questions, and bolts out the door. He doesn't notice that his leg has stopped hurting again.
“No,” John agrees. "I’m here about James Moriarty,”
She examined him critically. “You look like hell. You been eating?”
They fumble their way to the bed in John’s room, tearing at each other’s clothes, Sherlock submitting to John’s almost resentful advances. Even as the need rises within him, John is ashamed of himself. He has never felt ashamed of anything he’s done with Sherlock before, but he knows this wrong, knows this isn’t how it should be, knows he is taking advantage.
John continues his search, debating whether it’s worth trying to access Bryant’s computer while he’s out or just wait until he returns and explain himself. His glance falls beside the keyboard, on an employee ID card strung on a lanyard, laying forlorn and abandoned. It’s Bryant’s, complete with unflattering picture and personalised bar code.
"John, it's not real, remember? It's like before. It's the drug. You're hallucinating."
It's John's turn to be tentative now. He shouldn't be, he's just given the whole world to Sherlock and Sherlock can hardly believe it.
It was hard enough to maintain a mental balance in idleness when he was in his own home, with his experiments and John to distract him. He knew his grip on sanity was tenuous at the best of times, and he was certain this bare cell was designed for the purposes of sensory deprivation to help push him over the edge. Or perhaps merely to ensure his tools of escape were limited. Either way the effect was the same and he could feel his self-imposed calm beginning to slip away, though of course he gave no outward sign of it.
Sherlock lifted his head. “Heroin. Why, what does it look like I’m doing?” he said indistinctly.
But something is wrong. This isn’t making it up to him, this isn’t connection or affirmation. It’s brisk and businesslike and just a little bit cold.
“I’ll get over it, it’s just more chemicals, right?”
“Sherlock,” John starts again with difficulty. “When you were… at your low point. When I thought I would lose you. I did something unforgivable. At least, I’ve not been able to forgive myself for it. I went to a place I didn’t know I could go, and I almost went too far to come back. I’m afraid… afraid it might happen again. I might hurt you again. I can’t risk it.”
“Weren’t you?”
“Where do you work? Government job? Finance? No, your clothes aren’t right for either… copyist?”
This only seemed to make Sherlock more agitated. He tapped his fingers against his thigh, faster and faster. He took a gulp of air.
“That’s not what I’m asking.” John approaches Sherlock, carefully, unsure of what their boundaries are now.
"So, you won't mind if I test that, then? If I act like I don't know about the two of you, try to... corrupt him..."
“It won’t change anything.”
fascinated with Mycroft's arse… Look, did you ever make inappropriate overtures to him while he was underage?" he demands.
John interrupts with a pointed cough, and Sherlock falls silent reluctantly, judging that this is not the time though clearly not sure why. John changes the subject aggressively, forcing a light-hearted tone. “Well, that was a hell of a day! From Buckingham Palace to almost getting my head blown off… and that
Sherlock makes a frustrated noise. “When are you going to let me get a complete sentence out?” he snarls.
They walk together back to the track, Sherlock Holmes and John Watson.
John lets out a long breath and digs his fingers into Sherlock's hair, reaching across to rub Sherlock's upper arm as well. Sherlock arches into the caresses like a cat starved for attention. "It's over then. I thought... never scare me like that again, all right?"
She looks wary for a moment and then says carelessly, "Heidi. I suppose it's not so bad to take a break from my cover. Lady Forsythe is far too popular. It's exhausting, and for eight months straight."
of his body, his being, in a way he had never been of anyone’s, even his own. He was attuned to him. Whether Sherlock gained or lost a pound, how close or far he was from him, his heart rate, his mood, whether he was agitated or excited – and every nick, every cut, every bruise. John noticed all of this without trying, in fact sometimes in spite of trying not to. It was like having an invisible cord attaching him to the other man, one that he didn’t know how to sever and wasn’t sure he wanted to.
Sherlock sighed. He wasn’t looking forward to this part. “I can’t. Not yet.”
"And so are you. You're John Watson."
Hanna hides her panic well, but her smile is forced and brittle. "You won't get anything off it."
John returns home just a bit after midnight, and is unsurprised to see the light on in Sherlock’s room through the kitchen. He had hoped to sneak up to his room undetected, but of course Sherlock hears him.
“More important than this case? A man’s life is at stake!”
“We’ll need a sample.”
“Red? I look red to you when I’m angry?”
“Don’t you want to know what happened?” John asks, peevishly. “I did go all that way…”
“I’m sorry?” John says. “I wasn’t aware anyone was supposed to be seducing anyone. Did I miss that memo?”
, Sherlock.” His voice was tight and quiet and furious. “You don’t get to decide what’s good for me, do you understand? Not
John stalks out, leaving Sherlock fuming in the sitting room. He is horrified by his own emotional display, unsure of what made him act that way. Usually his tactic for dealing with John’s dates is to primarily ignore them, with a little light mocking of John’s desire for a relationship, and quiet torture of the women if they make it to the stage where John has to bring them round.
She hesitates. "Oh, what the hell," she says at last, taking it. "You owe me that at least for ambushing me."
“Indeed. This is
John grins. “Woke you up though, didn’t it?”
John stops and glares at him. “You know, I can actually think of worse things. But apparently you can’t.” He continues walking to the main road, where the taxi is waiting.
“Sorry, what was that?” John asks, pushing himself up to a sitting  position and shaking his head to clear it.
But Moriarty returns, as they knew he would. John doesn't realize it at the time, but slowly Moriarty’s poison infects their lives, and before John can even grasp what is happening, his world with Sherlock is narrowed down to a string of last times, whittled away little by little. Looking back, he can see that Sherlock knew, or at least suspected, how it would end the entire time, can read the dread in him retrospectively. What he had interpreted as focus, as the normal distraction of a case, the disengaging from John, was really an attempt to hide what he knew was inevitable, to prevent John from putting up a fight until it was too late.
“John Watson,” he says, swallowing hard and trying to put into his tone even a fraction of the intensity and ardour that should accompany such a declaration. “I love you. And I will continue to do so until the heat death of the universe.”
He'll have to bluff them relatively cold, given his lack of success with his previous tactic. But if he can get them talking he should be able to get a read on what they need or who they are expecting and go from there. His limbs tingle with adrenaline and he forces his heart rate to lower. Betraying his excitement is the worst mistake he could make in a room of hardened criminals.
After a moment he says, “I think I know this piece.”
John doesn’t reply, but comes over to the dying fire and sits on the floor, staring at the embers.
Sherlock looks confused. “Why do you keep bringing up Ms. Adler?”
“So, it’s a serial killer who frames other people for his crimes? Don’t they usually like credit?”
She struggles against Sherlock but without her hands or her balance she’s got no advantage. Just then, what seems to be a fleet of police officers, led by Greg Lestrade, storm into the warehouse.
Sherlock protests weakly as John stuffs him in the car, then slumps against the window, taking up most of the back seat. John settles opposite with a deep sigh.
"You're not like the ones they usually send," she says, looking at him suspiciously. "You're...nice."
John catches him, patience rapidly thinning, and drags him back to bed several times before he stays down. Still, he covers him back up tenderly and assures him that he’ll be close by if Sherlock needs him.
John freezes, then looks up at Sherlock. “Sherlock, I realize I may be hallucinating from sleep deprivation but these look almost like civil partnership papers.”
”. Latin again. All the world plays the actor. He knew that phrase. Another Shakespeare quotation as well. It was the motto of the Globe Theatre. Clearly, Moriarty was expecting him.
“And I was married to her. It seems silly saying it, but part of me believed that as long as you were different things to me, as long as I didn’t put you in that place, officially, it was okay that I always wanted you more, even when we were together. Marriage, partnership, whatever you want to call it, and then having you adopt her daughter… it just felt like a final betrayal. Like erasing her completely.”
“Like lava hitting the ocean.”
Sherlock is silent and John begins to worry, both about him and about his own rapid heart rate. John can feel Sherlock’s chest moving up and down beneath his head, but it is slow and shallow. “Sherlock?”
“You’re all that’s left of him,” Victor goes on with an incredibly sad smile. “At least for me you are. But I fear neither of us would find what we seek that way.” He brings John’s hands to his lips swiftly and then releases him and looks away.
John takes a deep breath, like he's trying to hold everything in. "What do you need me to do?" he asks, his voice hardly wavering at all.
John lets out a long breath. "So, you think if I ever left him..."
“I know.”
“I should have thought the rule where you didn’t have your hands underneath someone else’s clothing was fairly obvious.”
Sherlock starts to babble. "John, I'm sorry if I’ve... overstepped. I wasn't sure how to ask you. Or tell you. I thought I'd better show you instead. I know you need space and you're worried about Rosie, but I want... I was hoping... I mean, I understand that things can't be what they were before but I want you to know that I want whatever it is that it can be, as much you want it to be."
“Not bad, John,” Sherlock whispers. “But stand straighter.”
“Not at
“What happened to you?” he asks, once she’s secured. He motions to her left thigh with the gun. He can see now she’s been wounded recently, stab wound by the looks of it; it's opened in the fighting and is oozing blood through her trousers.
“John! John, what happened, are you all right?” He drops to his knees beside the doctor.
“We’re still alive, Sherlock. We’re both fine. He didn’t beat us.”
specimen. You’re always
The darkness inside him, while not gone by any means, is much quieter than he can ever remember it being, not silent by any means but no longer yawning and screaming at him ceaselessly, demanding to be fed either by work, drugs, or his life. He is, of course, still restless, impatient, and easily bored. He still often hurts and constantly annoys those closest to him. But the oppressive fear, the urgency, the feeling that if he stops he will be consumed from the inside out, is kept at bay for one of only a very few times in his life.
"Shh," Sherlock hushes him, holding open the door to what once, a million years ago, had been John's bedroom. He taps his fingers nervously on his thigh as John enters. He's done his research, but he's still not sure he's gotten it at all right.
“Baskerville!”
“I couldn’t think. I had to think, I had to remember. There’s got to be an answer. I’ve got to find him.”
Sherlock was silent. At last he said. “All right, John. I promise. Never again.”
She takes his hand and pats it reassuringly. “You’ll find him, dear. You always find him, don’t you?”
"No! You don't understand. Mary was... the first person I could talk to. The only person, really, who would just listen and never judge. About you. About us. About what it was like. I needed someone, desperately. I had no one. And then she came along and she was there for me. Really there."
“Last night…” John says, slowly. “This is why last night, all of a sudden... You knew he was coming back and you wanted… you said you didn’t want to die without knowing what it was like.”
Eventually, though, John can’t endure it any longer. Sherlock is standing by the window, playing his violin. The same six bars again, but now they sound like a love song instead of a dirge. John wants to rip the three-hundred year old instrument out of his hands and dash it against the wall. Instead, he positions himself directly in front of his friend and puts a hand on the strings, forcing Sherlock to stop playing.
"Test it? You mean on us?"
John rolls his eyes. “Why do I even bother?” he grumbles, rubbing his arm.
“Do you really think so little of me?” Mycroft sighs. “I assure you even the prodigious amount from Sherlock’s trust fund is not enough to make the smallest dent in the ‘Holmes fortune’, and I certainly wouldn’t begrudge you it, not after the number of times you’ve saved my brother’s life.  No, I’m telling you to warn you.”
“I tried to stand. I was in shock. At the time I didn’t understand how this child came to be lying next to me, mortally wounded. I didn’t understand how I’d come to be there either, only that I was supposed to help hurt people, help him, if only I could reach my bag.”
The man gulps and nods, and lets John help him sit up. John shoots a meaningful look at Sherlock, jerking his head towards the chair. Sherlock reluctantly abandons his angel-of-death posture and repositions himself in a less threatening attitude.
"I'm still yours," Sherlock tells him before he can move. "And you're still mine. We said forever."
Mycroft inclines his head.
“Wait, why are you telling me now?” John gave him a piercing glare. “If the danger is over, Sherlock would have come himself. And if it wasn’t, he never would have let you come here and endanger me. Where is he, Mycroft?”
Moran looked at him sceptically. “That’s it?”
Still, John finds himself nuzzling just a little closer to that long, graceful neck and growing drowsy as the rhythmic movements of the detective’s chest and the sweet smell of his breath on John’s cheek lull him to sleep.
He notices her rubbing her right wrist, unconsciously. It’s swollen and red, like she's landed hard on it. She sees him looking at it and hurriedly puts it behind her back.
Moriarty sees him waver, smiles wolfishly, and goes up on his toes. "We can even let Doctor Watson live, if you like. He does make such a good pet." He presses his lips to Sherlock's, running his tongue enticingly along the crease of Sherlock's mouth. But he's too late. He's made a mistake.
"Hey! Don't start that," John barks. "This is. Not. My. Fault. If you can't accept help, this will not work. Got it?"
John realises in retrospect that Sherlock must have known what was in the box before he opened it, known exactly what it meant. Both that she was about to be found dead, and that she wasn’t just yet. When John was chasing after Sherlock, harrying him about the number of texts and whether he replied or not, Irene Adler was out there in the world, dying.
“Why is Mycroft ever anything?” Sherlock interrupts crossly. “Useless question. Bed for me, I think. Goodnight, John.”
There is no response.
John climbs onto him again, aligning their hips so his hardness is pressed tantalisingly against Sherlock's, his oiled chest slick on Sherlock's own. The top of his head is right under Sherlock's nose.
He understands then, rain beating down on him, crimson and pink swirling around his feet, that Sherlock knew how it would end all along. Or at least guessed. That’s why he had ended things when he did, thinking it would be easier this way, for John, for him. Typical Sherlock thinking. But it wasn’t easier, at least not for John. There had been no proper goodbye, at least not till the very end, and even that had been wrong and full of lies. There was no acknowledgement of the situation, no last night together. Just the false hope that it would be over soon and that they would be together again. But it had never been going to end any other way than this.
“Nothing to be sorry for, John,” Sherlock said briskly, staring at a spot somewhere to the right of John’s ear. “You feel how you feel, it’s perfectly understandable. I would prefer we just forget the whole thing.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock says, looking miserable. "But… I just can’t. It doesn't matter what I want. I decided a long time ago that it was for the best and I just…I can’t… It just, it doesn’t work with me. It makes things worse and it’s better to…not…”
He puts out his hand a few inches from John's face, letting the blazing aura dance around his fingertips.
John picks it up and just as he is thinking that this doesn’t seem like the sort of place one wanders about without one’s ID, even on a holiday, a slight noise behind him makes him spin towards the door, crouching a little, unconsciously, as his body readies itself for any potential threat.
Sherlock almost said something, then appeared to be at a total loss for adequate words. “No,” he said lamely. “That’s…fine.” He went back to his microscope and John hoped he missed the expression of smug satisfaction John couldn’t quite keep off his face.
“You two
“Sherlock, it’s Monday. And it’s breakfast time. Barely.”
“I don’t understand…he chose his victims based on where they lived?”
“Because I’m not stupid. Just like I’m not stupid enough to take that for a denial. That phone call from your brother…all your skulking about. This is what it’s all been about, hasn’t it. Moriarty.”
“And that would be?”
"Jesus, we have to tell people --" Greg starts, but John cuts him off.
“ ‘Ere, who’s in there?” he calls, angry now. He walks right past John’s well-hidden form and the second his back is completely to John, John bursts out of the shadows and clobbers him mercilessly on the cervical plexus with his Sig, enough to fully knock him out before he can make a noise. John catches him before he can fall and eases him down – with difficulty, he’s a heavy man – and out of sight from the ground.
John fumblingly checks Sherlock’s vital signs. “Your heart is too slow.”
They had been in pursuit of a Sicilian arms dealer when it happened. It was a wet night, no moon and no stars, winding their way through back alleys near the docks, trying not to lose sight of him. The police had been called, of course, but it would take time for them to get there, and in that time the suspect could disappear and be on a ship to Italy before they found him again, gone without a trace. It had taken nearly three weeks to track the man down, and neither Sherlock nor John was about to give him up on account of rain.
and he is filled completely. He reaches down to take himself in hand but Sherlock beats him to it, and pulls him up off all fours until he is sitting on Sherlock’s thighs, one of Sherlock’s arms tight around his chest and the other caressing him gently.
“I’m serious. You treat a woman who looks twice at me like prey, but a man practically tries to put his tongue down my throat and it’s a source of light amusement. I’m lost.”
Dispensing poetic justice to perverts and courting John's goodwill was all well and fine, but it didn't further his task of getting to the heart of Moriarty's plots. In fact, he's no better off than he was upon leaving England and it's disheartening. Perhaps Prague might yield some leads, there'd been numerous Czech connections to his first tussle with Moriarty but that had been more than a year ago, and most had evaporated.
The other man’s eyes narrow. “Yes, that is convenient… that’s what worries me. You knew where to find us and you know more than you’re telling, about a lot of things, I suspect. Something about this isn’t right, and it’s above my paygrade. The bosses will have to deal with you. Who knows, if you’re as clever as you seem, you might end up with that job after all. Or…” he gestures graphically. “Not.”
“I think so,” John agrees. “But really wouldn’t it be better if we got someone in who—”
When he looks back, John is staring at them in a way Sherlock’s never quite seen before and hasn't an inkling of how to interpret.
John barely has a chance to brace himself before the whirlwind that is Sherlock sweeps him up, filling his senses, knocking him on to his back and tearing at his cardigan. Sherlock kisses John hungrily, possessively, holding him down with his body as if John might try and escape. John finds himself responding more than he ever thought possible, aroused by the strength of Sherlock’s raw need for him. He returns Sherlock’s kisses with equal pressure, rising to meet his mouth, running his tongue along lips and teeth, trying to climb inside of him.
“How did that go?”
Suddenly exhausted, he carefully crawls up on the sofa alongside John, slipping an arm underneath him, encircling his rib cage and holding him tightly. It's not long before John stirs, then starts awake.
"Naturally."
A few moments later John is being manhandled out of Lestrade’s office, putting up a show of struggle.
“I like to work
“I didn’t even have time to really absorb what had happened, I barely had time to react at all when I heard a loud sound followed by a searing pain in my left shoulder, the worst thing I’d ever felt. Then everything went dark.”
"John." Sherlock says and John reluctantly comes sits across from him, obediently placing fingers on his wrist. "Have I missed something?"
“Ah. Was I mean?”
“I couldn’t see!” Sherlock snaps. “I got there and everything was dark and flat and I couldn’t make out a single useful thing. Like a very old black and white photograph. All blurry and dark and running together.”
John’s knees go weak, and he feels nauseous again, but not from the head wound. “No, that can’t be right… we did all the paperwork together, months ago. To be completely sure that if one of us was injured or... I have his power of attorney, not Mycroft! And he has mine. Nothing could have been done without me! Why did you let Mycroft take him?”
When the police finally track down the ostensible murderer, to a natural foods shop in Islington, Sherlock and John go in to talk to him. Lestrade and his officers wait impatiently down the street, ready to apprehend their suspect, but John has a feeling they are going to be disappointed.
COWARD. His nails dig into Sherlock's flesh with every letter.
“Tell me what you meant,” Sherlock said grimly, “when you said you’d burn my heart out.”
John, now devoid of all colour, waves a hand wildly at him. “No, stop, just stop.” He coughs one more time and then dashes to the desk in the corner, piled high with papers, and begins rummaging madly through the drawers. “That’s it, I am getting my gun.”
The days crawl by for John, time seeming not to pass at all sometimes. And yet, somehow, he looks up every once in a while and discovers it’s been a month, six months, a year. He’s opened a practice, become successful – possibly because he works every instant he’s awake – bought a small flat, made a handful of friends. Somehow, he’s moved on and the pain of missing Sherlock has moved with him, like a thorn in his side, always hurting but so familiar now as to go unnoticed for long periods of time.
“The footprints, John!” Sherlock exclaims, frustrated, and rips aside the shower curtain to look John in the face.
Victor shrugs. "It's not like I particularly wanted to take his real name after all that, and 'Trevor' is easier to spell than 'Virvirkhvist'. I'm sorry I can't help you find out more about your friend though."
“Oh, I think it’s upstairs in my room,” John tells him casually.
“That you were a fraud? Of course not. He’s not an idiot and even if he were, he loved you too much."
“And which of us is better off, then? If he does come back, Dr. Watson, it won’t be for me.”
The man looks bewildered and frightened, but nods and squirrels the money away in a jacket pocket. “Please leave now,” he tells them.
Victor preens without even realising, but continues to protest. "As an uncle or an older brother or something like that."
“Look, you have to promise to let me know where you are, okay?” Sherlock opened his mouth to protest but John talked over him. “Yes, I know it’s not safe, someone might find out, blah blah blah. Are you seriously telling me that a genius like you can’t figure out how to communicate your basic location on the planet to me without anyone knowing? Not. Negotiable.”
John nods. “Of course.”
John and Sherlock lie somewhat tangled on the bed on Friday afternoon, still naked, anaemic late autumn sun streaming in through the window. Both are quite recently satisfied and rather spent, though by no means down for the count. John is running his hand over the inside of Sherlock’s thigh, eyes closed, while Sherlock has his legs over John’s chest and is dangling his head upside down off the edge of the bed.
John looked away a little awkwardly. “Well, um, I hope I didn’t disappoint.”
Sherlock wakes suddenly and tries to open his eyes. It takes him a moment to understand why he can't seem to manage it, and isn't quite able to suppress the sharp intake of breath the momentary panic causes.
"And a better sense of humour than most other criminals."
"I'm sorry?"
Lestrade scrolled down an opened another file, interested now despite himself. “Looks like he went to ground after going broke, there’s nothing serious on him for another ten years until he pops back up in…Vienna in 2002. Oh, that’s interesting… suddenly he’s got a nice fat bank account and wealthy Swiss friends. His parents are long dead and didn’t leave him an inheritance. Lots of rumors about criminal activities and MI-5 and Europol were both
“No, John. It wasn’t.”
“Your brain is fine,” he tells Sherlock, standing close enough the Sherlock can just detect the warmth of his body. “No damage, no tumours, no swelling. You’re not… well, nothing obviously structural seems to be amiss.”
She crouches, ready to fight him unarmed, and he’s got no illusions about how long he’d last against her, even if she is favouring her left leg strongly. But instead he pulls out his Sig and she freezes, then straightens slowly.
"You can scan my brain whenever you like," Sherlock says earnestly and John gets gratifyingly brighter, like turning up a kerosene lantern. Unfortunately Caroline can't review the results until a little later and Sherlock doesn't want any one else seeing them. "Bad enough she has to," he grumbles and John ignores it.
used to say. Love is the most vicious motivator.”
!” John spits. He’s spent too much of the day suppressing things and he’s done. “You come out here alone, not telling anyone, to what? Confront someone you think might actually be an equal? And what if he had been? He was clever enough for a gormless twat, but what if he had really been your match? Would we be sitting here now?”
“Just because he acts like he doesn’t need or care about anyone doesn’t make it true, even if he’d prefer not to believe it himself. He talks to you when you’re not there, John.”
!” exclaims a stout captain – Brixley – in mock horror.
that’s been troubling you?”
"Sherlock." Mary's voice is kind and firm, and John hears him pause at the threshold. "He
REMEMBER EVERY TIME WE TOOK A SCAN, YOUR AUDITORY AND VISUAL CENTRES SEEM TO BE WORKING NORMALLY, OVERACTIVE EVEN? WELL THAT WAS THE CASE THIS TIME TOO, EXCEPT THAT WHEN YOU SAW ME, CERTAIN ACTIVITY IN YOUR FRONTAL AND TEMPORAL LOBES DROPPED OFF, AND ACTIVITY IN YOUR VISUAL CORTEX DECREASED SLIGHTLY TOO.
a compliment by the way. So why don’t we stop this? You’re beaten, but you played a good game – I’d really like to meet you in person before you’re arrested.”
Mycroft coughed. “While I appreciate your anger at me, one typically waits to find out one’s visitor’s business before attacking him,” he said primly. “Now, if you will let me go I will tell you why I am here and then you can decide whether you would like to continue in your attempt to murder me.”
“You know, we would have been here sooner if you’d called us,” Lestrade thunders. “Like you’re supposed to. I know you think you’re God’s gift to—”
"You won't have to bathe or dress me, if that's what you're asking."
“He went to public school at aged 11, and there were dormitories, of course, and yet somehow there was always a buffer zone of empty bunks around Sherlock’s. At university no roommate lasted more than five days, he ended up in a single as a default. You’ve met his closest chum from his uni days.”
“You know that’s not true, Greg,” John had pleaded with Lestrade. “You know Sherlock wasn’t a fake, you saw him do too many miraculous things! And if he was truly that level of psychopath, murdering people just so he could solve the crimes, how guilty would he have felt over someone else’s suicide? You know it’s not right, you know Moriarty was real! And what about his mobile? He was talking to me on it right before he jumped, but no one found it. It wasn’t on the roof, it wasn’t on the ground, it wasn’t in his pocket. Where did it go? You know this is all wrong!”
“Are you sure?” John whispers, trying to hold back, be sensible. “It’s not safe like this, we should at least—”
A year passes. It is a bad year. John's limp returns. He quits the surgery, takes cases from Lestrade full time. He is not as good as Sherlock, but it is the only thing he knows how to do anymore, and Lestrade is desperate for the help and guilty about his part in Sherlock’s death. John receives mysterious supplements to his bank account, enough to not worry about rent or getting additional work other than the meagre fees from Scotland Yard. He knows it is Mycroft, but refuses to see him.
John opens his eyes. “How on earth did you know what I was thinking about?”
About three weeks after Sherlock’s death, John is out walking. He is not going anywhere in particular, he just can’t bear the emptiness of the flat any more, being alone with his own feelings, his memories, without purpose. He is lost in his own thoughts when a black town car pulls up beside him and stops. A large man gets out and opens the door for him.
“Anything. We could start with why you wanted to do any of this.”
Sherlock’s moves are impressive, a combination of boxing, jujitsu, and capoeira. John doesn’t often get to watch him fight, as he’s usually in a fight of his own at the time, and takes pleasure in it. Sherlock is exceedingly graceful, and his body is perfectly honed. She’s fast though, and she’s got relentless power. She’s making him use twice the energy just to connect, and when he does get a foot in her side, she barely stumbles and instead presses on, putting Sherlock immediately on the defensive.
“Because I am one.”
Here's a nice long chapter, since I'm on rather a writing roll. I probably won't have another until after Thanksgiving, though!
“Hope springs eternal in my brother’s ample bosom,” Sherlock says darkly.
to you. And I thought I was supposed to be the cruel one.”
“That’s when it’s scheduled to ship, but I can’t imagine that our friends want to run into whoever is actually supposed to be picking it up. They’ll show up early with all the right clearances and be gone long before the real pick up time.”
“Even if it kills you?” John asks quietly.
Moriarty looked him up and down lasciviously. “Now, normally faced with you half naked I would just eat you up with a
He and John had both been in danger numerous times, and injured as well. And he knew, rationally that this incident was not his fault. But aside from the time at the pool, when Sherlock had been nearly certain they were both going to die, no other call had been quite so close. John had been without a heartbeat for at least 47 seconds, by Sherlock’s count. His heart could easily never have started again and he– Sherlock forced his mind away from the thought.  He could not go down that road.
“Glorious,” Sherlock declares, shedding his coat.
“This way.” She spun on her heel and led him through a series of card-accessed double doors, and past quite a few guards, into the bowels of the building. Eventually they reached a room full of old-fashioned safety deposit boxes, with very new-looking computer security pads on them. Some of them appeared to be equipped with retina scanners as well, but thankfully #290110 seemed to only have a keypad.
They’ve merged bank accounts, but as about 80% of the money in it is from Sherlock, John still feels strange spending on anything other than household necessities. Still, Sherlock’s got his trust fund and the only other option is to ask Mycroft, and since John never counts his part in cases when adding things up, he figures he’s not out of line to spend a bit, particular if it’s on Sherlock himself.
Then again, there is at least a receptionist on the front desk, and it might not be a bad thing to have fewer people observe his investigations. He wonders if Sherlock had thought of that, or if he even knows what day of the week it is presently.
The day passes in the agonising slowness of waiting. John spends some of it sleeping, trying to make up for the lost night, but Sherlock can’t rest. He paces, between the window and the kitchen table, over and over and over again, counting his steps each time, then counting the number of trips, twisting his fingers into knots as he goes.
“Really, all?” John is sceptical. “So, that’s it then. He gets himself arrested, he gets himself acquitted, he joins you for tea, the end?”
John nodded reluctantly. “Oh, you’re probably right. Where do we go first?”
Sherlock can say nothing in his defence and is starting to realise that he shouldn't try.
“Well, I feel like I’m going to jump out of my skin. Talk to me.”
The shop has the unique scent of patchouli and wheatgrass that marks it as a firmly hippie establishment. Sherlock instantly transforms into someone else when they walk in the door. John knows this one. Pretentious Homosexual Sherlock. John can easily guess what his part is supposed to be.
He couldn’t think well. His brain was still fuzzy. He waited the length of a few breaths for the prick of the needle, but it didn’t come. Wherever they had wanted to take him, he must be there. His head pounded, but he tried to assess his situation. From the air he could tell he was underground, but not far. Some kind of basement. He was sitting on something hard and cold, off of the floor, with his back to a wall of concrete. His hands were chained behind him and his feet were manacled together. He didn’t think he could stand at the moment anyway – he was too weak.
“When all else fails, go back to what you know.”
“When you say ‘we’…”
“Yes, I suppose we had,” John replies, with a heavy reluctance. Sherlock had asked this of him a few months ago, to save him from himself in times of great stress. He had informed John out of the blue that he had paid off all the local dealers to keep them from selling to him and that John should search his things when he thought Sherlock was in danger to prevent him from violating his own promise to John.
Sherlock stiffens briefly, but nods. “I…I’ll try.”
John doesn’t know what he’ll do if it gets any worse – Sherlock isn’t going to rest until he finds this man or it kills him, and John is afraid the latter isn’t at all unlikely the way he’s going. And he’s getting more and more unreachable.
In the cold, empty, dim warehouse they twirl and spin as if they are in the most elegant of ballrooms, in the finest of clothes, with the best orchestra. Sherlock holds John very tightly to him indeed this time, cheeks pressed against each other, eyes closed, completely insensible to their surroundings, lost in one another, moving as one.
"Soldier!" Sherlock bellows. "Sit down at once!"
Sherlock is silent for a long moment. “So… it’s something originating from me and then coming back out of you as light, so I can see things I couldn’t before?”
“And you couldn’t see right today because… because I wasn’t there?”
As he exited the building onto the deserted street, he saw a stout figure turn a corner a block down, just a little too quickly. John’s instincts kicked in and he took off running in that direction, turning the corner just in time to see the man disappear again. He cursed. He must have been followed – that or the house had been watched. He was guessing both at this point. He kicked it into high gear and managed to gain ground on the man.
, John,” Sherlock shoots back, mockingly. “I thought you said you’d
Regaining his breath, he starts again, more carefully this time, avoiding touching anything or stepping on any suspicious-looking boards or rugs. He checks each door handle for a trigger. He sets off one or two more ingeniously hidden and fatal devices, but is quick enough to hear them coming and suffers nothing worse than a scratch above his ear from a blade intended to take off his head.
BLOODY WOMAN JUST PUT ON HER PERFUME IN THE TUBE, TOOK OUT HALF A DOZEN PEOPLE. John tells him. SOME PEOPLE JUST HAVE NO–
“I have it completely under control.”
Sherlock half-laughs, then yawns. “I’m so sleepy, John.”
“John, I… you don’t understand,” he protests.
Mycroft sighed deeply. “John, this isn’t easy. He came to me a month ago, made me swear that I would say nothing to you or anyone else. He was trying to track down the rest of Moriarty’s organization but was having trouble locating his second-in-command. He thought if he could find him, he could get the proof he needed to destroy Moriarty’s legacy once and for all and exonerate himself, so that he could come back. All his leads had gone cold. He needed my help. I gave him all the information I could, and he set off on his hunt. I haven’t heard from him in three weeks, John. Not a whisper or a rumor. He’s disappeared, completely.”
Sherlock looks suddenly aged, defeated by this blow in a way John has rarely seen him. “She won’t be just ours anymore, will she?”
“I don’t. And I only say it because I care about you. But if you are really honest with yourself, you know what Moriarty meant by what he said to Sherlock. Because he nearly burned out your heart too.”
"Near side," Sherlock smirks. Easy.
"You've misjudged me then," John grunts. "And this wouldn't be murder, it would be justice."
“Of course I am, takes more than this to kill me – you should know that!” He half-laughed, but stopped at the pain radiating from his stab wound. “I’ll need some mending, but I’ll be back on my feet before you know it.”
him. You’re right, pitiable is the wrong word. Damnable is better.”
“The shipment goes out,” Sherlock corrects.
John winces at himself. "I'm sorry, that was... spiteful."
Sherlock is aware of how smug he looks at the moment as John breathes, “That twisted bastard. You’re right!”
“I…want to do that again. Only… more. More of that.”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock confirms grimly. “He’s going to want to know why.”
John feels the burden that’s been weighing on him today lift as he’s reminded of why he’s here, why it’s worth living with this insane, impossible man. “Thanks. That was… good.”
“What? Oh. Really?” John tried to sound casual.
“It hasn’t yet. I’m too clever.”
The strain is starting to show. His face looks drawn and hollowed, with dark circles under his eyes. Sometime in the week since they’ve been home he’s dropped the crucial pound or two which takes him from slender to gaunt. And the sense of manic energy, restrained or not, which is his primary mode of operation other than sulking, is not present.
The other rules (mainly, no sex at John’s work, no sex at the New Scotland Yard, no sex in the taxi – John gives in on snogging, because a taxi is a very good place to snog), elicit similar complaints, but Sherlock eventually submits, mainly because he can think of no way to change John’s mind.
A slim, slight figure appears in the doorway. “Yes, Father?” Tess asks with studied innocence.
The next day and a half proves to be incredibly, surprisingly wonderful. John does not normally enjoy inactivity for long periods, but spending time with Sherlock like this, to have him both still and present for more than a few moments, is unprecedented and he is not about to complain. He has enough chances to get up and stretch his legs when Sherlock is sleeping, which is often, or when he’s been ordered to prepare more food. Sherlock is consuming huge portions of anything rich, fatty, or sweet he can get, and it warms John’s heart to watch him eat heartily.
Sherlock gives a low chuckle and makes a sudden turn. “Ricco’s down this way does a nice strip. I exposed his daughter’s fiancé as a con-man before she could marry him.”
Sherlock considers this. "Perhaps. But why just you? And why just visual?"
“But that’s not why you killed him.”
“I’ve seen that before,” John mutters.
“I’m sorry, John. Truly.” And he was, Sherlock realised. Usually when he apologised for something it was out of adherence to what seemed to be expected of him, or a desire for someone to stop being mad him. But now he realized he deeply regretted the hurt he had caused John. It had hurt him too, being away, unable to tell John the truth. He hadn’t realized how much until now.
" 'Reactived?' Is that what we're calling it now?" Sherlock asks, teasingly, feeling optimistic for the first time in days. To his surprise John doesn't retort, but shifts from foot to foot and looks at the floor.
“Because I was there!” he exclaimed angrily. “You want me to relive it for you, so you can convince yourself? Okay. I saw him jump and fall 8 stories to the pavement. I heard his body hit the ground. I got his blood all over me, I felt for a pulse that wasn’t there, and I saw his lifeless face staring up at me with nothing behind his eyes. I’m the one who identified the body for the police, and I’m the one who buried him. Is that what you wanted to hear? Are you content now?”
“Oi!” says the man angrily.
Sherlock sips his tea smugly and says nothing.
“John. John, wake up!” John grunts and pushes Sherlock away.
“Oh, dangerous for me but not for you!”
men in uniform, and I think this one flatters me particularly, don’t you?”
John frowns, unconvinced. "I shouldn't have asked this of you. It was wrong of me. Maybe it's best if we just--"
“What happened, Sherlock?”
Sherlock nods, shaking it off. True or not, it doesn't matter right now. He has to go on. He'd thought it was Moriarty, but now he knows it was really only ever him. He's left himself, left them all, no choice. And that realization is the hardest moment of all.
“Sherlock, what the –” he begins as soon as they break apart, but before he can finish the sentence Sherlock is on him again, kissing him with brutal strength, hands on his chest, pushing him back onto the bed, trying to force his tongue between John’s lips and climb on top of him at the same time.
. Finally he manages a clumsy, “You. I want you.” He holds his breath, in case this is the wrong answer, although objectively he can deduce from John’s behaviour that it is exactly the right one.
"The mercury ions will be coated by... stuff... as they are removed and pass harmlessly from our bodies," Sherlock finds himself saying. Then he adds, "I hope."
“Then no.” John kisses him on the shoulder, and runs a hand lightly over his body, fondling his hipbone and coming to rest there. “What
“N-nothing. Nothing. Just the mystery mobile and you acting all dodgy. What’s going on?”
“Mm. Don’t know.”
Sherlock makes a disgusted face. “Waste of time. And conferences are full of…people. I’ve too much on here, anyway. Bring me back something to read if you like.  Now if you don’t mind very much, I have some urgent research to do on this Ginger Society matter.”
"I don't know what to say. Thank you for telling me. Are you going to be all right?"
John raises an eyebrow. “What was what?”
She blocks his way firmly and looks him up and down. “You look awful! What’s wrong? Where’s Sherlock? Something’s happened.”
“Not in the least.”
"Hallucinations..." Sherlock breathes. "So you're saying I haven't been unable to hear or see anything but you just because of some strange twist in my circuitry..."
Victor frowns in thought. "Yes, but they went under about five years ago. Assets sold off piecemeal if I recall. I can check it out though, if you think it'll get somewhere."
It’s two in the morning by the time they get back to Baker Street and neither of them are in the mood for sleep. John insists on picking up some takeout. “I’m not letting your starve yourself until we figure it out. If you have some kind of disease, not eating will only make it worse.”
They come down like a plane crash, and John releases him, too soon, but a thousand years would be too soon. Sherlock rolls on his side, hands still bound behind him, gasping for air, all his thoughts still irradiated, his body on fire, bliss and agony mingling under his skin.
Sherlock all but purrs at the insult and John lets himself be manoeuvred into the bedroom, unresisting. Sherlock pushes him back on the bed and straddles him, more gently than usual. He leans down to kiss John’s neck and when John still tenses, just a little, he whispers, “Why don’t you see how you can make it up to me?” and rolls off John to lay next him, eyes wide and guileless.
It makes him think about why she’s in his life at all, why John goes home with her at the end of the night. So he doesn’t, letting himself develop what he can’t deny is an as affectionate a relationship as he’s ever had with anyone other than John, without ever letting his thoughts drift into that dangerous territory that would force him to acknowledge that all is not what he would wish it to be.
Sherlock reaches up and touches John’s temples, haltingly stroking the silver at them – silver that seemed to have sprung into existence a month ago at his return, though logically he knew it had had ample time to develop in his absence. There are new lines on John’s face, too, more than there should be, as if the three years had been ten, as if this past day had been a thousand.
“Why would I need you?” Sherlock murmurs, sleep closing back in on him.
Once John was on his feet and moved back into his own bedroom, things began to go back to normal again. Sherlock resumed treating John as an ever-present sounding board, stopped doing any shopping, cooking, or cleaning whatsoever, and threw tantrums when John attempted to watch programmes on the telly he didn’t approve of. This, more than anything, made John feel like he was well again. He had appreciated the attentiveness, but coming from Sherlock it was also a bit unnerving and made him feel like the other man thought he was on death’s doorstep.
“And you didn’t even have to drug me,” John interjects.
John gives him a tight smile, knowing that’s the best he’s going to get tonight.
Sherlock stays close to John in the busy street, holding John’s belt under his coat in a way he hopes is unnoticeable to passersby. He had thought they’d be strolling deserted streets in the middle of the night and he could let his guard down, not jostled this way and that by unknown masses. Crowds are bad enough when he can see them coming but now he feels like he’s being attacked from all sides.
“Glad you’re happy then,” John tells him.
“Well, sir, you were right about how I grew up. My mother could barely keep a roof over our heads and I never knew my father. She did what she could to get me a decent education, and always made sure I focused on my studies, but there just wasn’t enough money for University when it came time. I took a gap year to work and try to earn enough, but it was difficult. About the time I was losing hope, I met a man who said he belonged to the British Society for Ginger Advancement.”
Sherlock hesitates, partly out of reluctance to tell him and partly from the sheer inability to locate the words.  Finally they tumble out without consulting his consciousness. "If we don't find a way to dissolve the coating you will remain in your... paranoid hallucinatory state until your body is unable to sustain it and you will..."
“I will. When I’m ready.”
Victor doesn’t argue the point. “Assuming all that is true, how exactly do you plan to get the information out of her? She’s not doing this alone, I’m sure. Nor is she stupid.”
“Like I said, John makes his own decisions. I’m not forcing him to do anything. And I resent your implication that I am.”
“Good.” There is a pause. “John? I don’t think I can stay awake any longer.”
"What about you?" Sherlock asks.
“First thing,” says John. “Have you ever had any problem with your sight before?”
Heaving a great sigh of injustice, Sherlock gets out of his chair and pounds up the stairs, at loudly as possible. John waits about thirty seconds and follows him.
Sherlock feels the pressure on his chest start to lift just the barest bit at the epithet.
John vaults after Sherlock, heart in his throat, carefully avoiding the other weakened steps. He pulls pieces of wood and plaster off the unmoving form, trying to get the dust out of his eyes and mouth, panicking despite all his training. If Sherlock’s head had connected with the marble… He lets out a long breath of relief when he sees that Sherlock is not dead, just momentarily stunned.
"I'm just the messenger boy. I'm of significantly less importance than you are."
He lets John lead him to the bathroom and peel off his stained and torn clothes. John starts a little when he sees the state of Sherlock's body but doesn't say anything. He fetches his bag and carefully cleans Sherlock's cuts, then takes Sherlock's hand and begins to stitch.
“Because he is changing it to leave you everything he owns.”
"Yes."
John furrows his brow in concentration. “Maybe that they wanted to scare him? Or that they want something that only he has, not something they could get just anywhere?”
“You are that snobby. And that’s not what I meant. Just being together in public…like that. I didn’t hate it.”
“Right. Yeah, of course. Sorry.” John feels a little guilty for shutting Victor out, but Victor’s got no experience with this sort of thing and would only be a liability.
, whether or not I give you a better reason. No, Sherlock didn’t put me up to this. I have concerns as a doctor to the long term effects on myself and anyone else who’s been exposed. Well, you’ll excuse me if I don’t entirely trust the word of the chaps at Mad Scientist, Inc. Like hell it has. Goddammit, Mycroft, I have never asked you for a single fucking thing, so just get me the bloody drug, shut up, and trust me! Fine. Fine. Fine! I’ll sign whatever you like. No, today. It’s Dartmoor, not the moon. Fine. Pleasure. Bye.”
"Don't," he hisses. "Don't
“You heard me.”
that it dispels John’s resentment and fear and he nods, chuckling, and slides his hands up Sherlock’s legs to his hips, pressing in closer to him. Sherlock makes a low sound of pleasure and pulls John up on to the sofa so that John is kneeling across his lap. He grabs the back of John’s neck with both hands and pulls John’s mouth down to his, and every word of the apology he’ll never give is contained in that kiss, in his hands, strong and sure, running up and down John’s back.
John closes his eyes, luxuriating in the spare, slender body pressed against his, Sherlock’s hips grinding into him as he devours John neck, sometimes kissing gently, sometimes biting hard enough to leave a mark, but the whole time never ceasing his quest to dominate him completely. Sherlock unbuttons John’s shirt skilfully with one hand, shifting to straddle him as he grips John’s shoulder firmly with the other, holding him in place.
Sherlock shook his head. “No drugs. I promised.”
Moran laughed. “You’re as delightful as had been described to me,” he said, pulling up a chair in front of Sherlock, but not too close, and lit up a cigarette.
Sherlock sits up slowly, a little at a time, drunk on the vastness of sensory input flooding his brain. He leans over to check John's vitals, just to be sure. He's fine.
“Worse than you, probably.” He doesn’t look it, except for being a bit paler than usual and having chapped lips from dehydration. He has showered and dressed, long sleeved shirt covering the marks from last night. “When you’re ready, we’re going out. There’s something I need to do and I want you to see it.”
… than anything else I’d ever done, ever even thought of. I decided it was better to pursue forensics and detection than romantic entanglements.”
“I can help you,” Lestrade insisted. “Whatever you’re mixed up in…”
John shakes his head. “No…not really. A little annoyed and frustrated, but nothing out of the usual.” He grins to show he’s teasing. “Why did you think I was?”
“I said are you all right? I’m going to bed.”
He’d thought then that had to be the hardest moment, but he had been wrong. Standing here, facing Molly in all her knowing fury as she refuses to let him believe that John is going to be fine, this is the hardest moment.
Sherlock submitted to all this almost meekly, pleased that John seemed to reacting as he had anticipated and confident that after a week or so of dutiful penance on his part they would be back to their usual pattern with few long term effects. Six months was a long time, true, but not so very long. John had clearly not moved on from their life together, and that had been the area of main concern for Sherlock. There was still a space for Sherlock in John’s existence, and it should be simple enough to resume it, provided he seemed appropriately apologetic.
John’s hands clench at his sides and he can feel them all taking a mental step back. They’ve seen him go off, and not even Jackson, who is easily twice his size, wants to be on the receiving end of that.
“Yes, John, you are rather ripe,” drawls Sherlock with a wry grin. “We certainly can’t have you going to the ball in this state.”
“Sherlock?” John said, instantly awake with a soldier’s alertness. “Good Lord, what are you doing in here? It must be two in the morning!”
“It’s just biology. Everyone does it eventually.”
He gives Sherlock the address and Sherlock thanks him and drains his drink, clutching his too-thin coat against the chill on his way out.
They do some experiments and discover that Sherlock can reliably see John's form in a radius of about four feet. He is most visible and defined when he is closest and when he is moving about and speaking. Beyond four feet he wavers in and out of existence, depending on how active he's being. Within that space if John picks something up, or puts his hand on a piece of furniture, Sherlock can see it faintly, just the bit that John is touching, as if it's illuminated by him. When John stands very still he becomes faint, but doesn't go out.
“But it comes from you! Not me. I can see it.”
John followed her up three flights of crumbling cement stairs and she unlocked a door leading to a dingy attic studio. It was freezing up there, and completely empty except for a single bed and mattress, and a chair. His heart sank, but he made himself inspect every corner. There was no trace of its previous occupant. He turned to the woman.
Mycroft is insufferable while his companion looks distant but pleased. Sherlock kisses her hand absently and she remarks how charming Mycroft’s baby brother is, so much more than he’s described.
“I don’t know about that, there are a lot of people who seemed to have no trouble at all with it,” John replied grimly.
Unfortunately it was too late now to check it out, a freezing and starless November night, with a light mist of rain. He made for the nearest pub and choked down some spicy fish stew and a very dark beer that would have been quite agreeable had he been in the mood for enjoying a leisurely meal and local brews. He picked a hostel that didn’t look too shifty, almost at random, and crashed with his gun under his pillow and one arm around his bag.
“It’s. Done.”
Lestrade caught the edge of steel in John’s tone, sighed, and put his briefcase down. Unlike Sherlock, John had not made a habit of bothering him at all hours of the night with matters both trivial and vital. “Are you in trouble, John?” he asked, sitting down and motioning for John to do the same.
“It’s fascinating!” Sherlock exclaims. “I’ve always wanted to meet someone like that.”
John jumped in shock but did not get up. “What was that?” he demanded.
He opens his mouth, wanting to express some of this, not sure where to start but knowing he should at least reciprocate John’s early confession. Before he can utter a word, however, a hand is slapped reprovingly over his mouth.
JOHN. LISTEN TO ME. DON'T SAY A WORD. IT IS THE HOUND DRUG AND IT'S AFFECTING YOU. THERE'S A CATALYST, BUT THIS TIME THEY GOT YOU TOO AND NOT JUST ME. YOU'RE GOING TO START HALLUCINATING AND FEELING AFRAID, JUST LIKE BEFORE. REMEMBER IT'S NOT REAL. YOU HAVE TO CATCH THAT WOMAN AND GET HER PERFUME BEFORE THE DRUG REACHES PEAK STRENGTH OR I DON'T KNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN. WE HAVE TO GET IT HOME SO WE CAN FIND OUT HOW IT ACTIVATES THE HOUND DRUG AND STOP IT. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?
John ducked and rolled himself and the man behind a small dumpster a few feet away that offered reasonable cover. He guessed he had about a minute before the sniper could make it down from his vantage point and to their location.
The doctor put up her hands in defeat and signed the discharge papers. Sherlock insisted upon pushing the wheelchair to the waiting taxi, and carrying John up the stairs when they reached 221B. John was quiet, exhausted from the effort of leaving the hospital and the short periods in which he’d had to stand, leaning on his friend, to get home. Sherlock put him in his own bedroom. Mrs. Hudson had put clean linens on the bed and brought some of Johns things down from his room, making Sherlock's room more cluttered than it ever had been before. “Too many stairs,” he said by way of explaining why he did not take John to his upstairs room. “I’ll kip on the sofa.”
“I thought perhaps you were angry with me.”
He grabs John's arm, not daring to say as much aloud, not with the perfume-sprayer still on board. He taps the letters out hurriedly.
John goes a little cold inside. "Right," he says, and bangs down the stairway into her flat, grabbing the phone from the table with more force than necessary.
As he’s slowly hanging his shirts back in the wardrobe, he hears Sherlock bellow from the sitting room. “John! John.
Sherlock opens his mouth to reply but is stopped by a cold spray right by his face. It hits John too and John sneezes.
