“Hmm?”
"Now do you believe me?"
John held a hand out to stop him.
“John, I-” John held up a hand, cutting him off.
“Ah, well, I’m sorry to hear about that.”
Sherlock nodded. "I'm so sorry, John."
“I know that, love.”
"No more girls," he said. "You're mine, and I don't share what's mine."
"John Watson," Sherlock replied.
"Is it too much? Do you want to go home, baby boy?"
"Aye," John looked at Sherlock and grinned.
John and his date had been taken that night and it was up to me to find them, which I did. People are so dull and ignorant to think that they're clever, but they're not. They're idiots, every single one of them. Except, of course, for John and myself. And Mrs. Hudson. And Molly Hooper.
The kiss was soft. Warm. Fantastic.
He was the only one that could ever fill the void.
"He's amazing! He's nice, and he even listened to me ramble on and on without getting mad or annoyed! He showed me around the school and took me to my classes himself to make sure no one bothered me again."
Sherlock's favorite thing to do around the house is play pirates. He explained the game to Mycroft and their father, and the two happily agreed to play. Mycroft kept Sherlock distracted long enough so that their father could roam around the house, leaving little pieces of treasure for the boys to find. Any time Sherlock found something, he'd scream 'treasure!', then run around looking for more.
"Sounds like you had fun, then?" his father asked.
"For what?"
A/N: I don't think that I'm going to continue with this. People have told me that my writing is awkward (how??) and it just kind of puts me off on wanting to keep at it. So I guess that's it for now.
I know that I shouldn't let it get to me, that feelings are meaningless, but I can't. I just can't. It does hurt. It stings. It really hurts to know that being different (in my case) is considered
"My My My," he chanted, turning to look at Mycroft, or rather his neck. Mycroft moved closer to Sherlock, silently asking for permission to touch him, to which Sherlock jumped in his arms. "My," he whispered, wrapping his arms around his brother's neck.
He didn’t have to look to know who was there.
Sherlock looked up at him, his eyebrows furrowing. "Who, if you don't mind me asking?"
Sherlock’s throat swelled. He could understand. Really.
About twenty minutes into their constant chasing, John finally caught Sherlock and trapped him under his body on the ground. The two began to laugh in between their huffs of breaths. John leaned down and kissed Sherlock softly this time, trying to put all of his emotions into what he was trying to say within this moment. Sherlock seemed to be doing the same.
Thirty minutes later their mother began to bring bowls of food to the table.
I realize that I must grieve, and I believe that, in a way, I already have. All of these emotions are new to me, and it's all thanks to him. Not in a bad way, of course. I thank him immensely.
“Sherlock?”
"Mummy."
"Thanks, My."
And John did look. He took his time looking, and shook as he realized that Sherlock was right. John could see through him. He wasn't real. As John came to terms with this, Sherlock slowly began fading away.
Sherlock nodded and began to wring his thumbs nervously.
"You like John, don't you?"
His parents began to worry about him as he still wouldn't speak by the time he turned six, so they took him to a doctor, who diagnosed him as autistic.
Mycroft quickly picked up his phone and dialed John’s number. He watched as John looked at it across from where he sat in his sofa, not bothering to answer, as always. Instead, his hold tightened on the gun. The moment Mycroft noticed John’s fingers move to the trigger, he immediately called for help.
Mycroft nodded. "I've been teaching him proper ways to thank someone, tell them 'no thank you' when he doesn't want something, and to always be polite."
"Is that - is that my flat?" Sherlock slowly but surely made his way over to 221B and looked inside the windows. The door was different, and the number hung on a wooden sign above the door.
John laughed into Sherlock's neck before placing a soft kiss upon it. "It's a date," he whispered.
Sherlock's eyes were full to the brim with tears, but he would not allow them to fall. He would show no weakness, and love - love is definitely a weakness.
Although, now I see it was a stupid idea. It only made you angry and upset, and I never meant for that to happen. I only wanted to do something special for you. I will replace the ones I have so destroyed, but I give you this one because, well, it doesn't matter anymore. But I do hope you’ll forgive me.
On his first day, Mycroft pulled Sherlock aside to speak with him before he entered the school.
Mycroft told him how Sherlock felt lonely, and to not blame himself for his brother's actions. He told John how Sherlock had been admitted into a rehab center, so he would not get any letters until he came home.
“I don’t know, can you?”
I do not own any of the characters mentioned. I hope you enjoy this story, and if you do not, then feel free to tell me what you didn't like about it. I'm open to criticism. :) Thank you!
"So long as it's not too loud," Sherlock grinned.
My Dearest John,
"Yes, big. You're getting to be a big boy. Almost too big."
Sherlock had taken to using drugs in John's absence.
I thought I was going to the pool to meet Moriarty alone, but John stepped out from his hiding spot, a huge jacket covering his entire upper body. I was momentarily confused, I'll admit, but the moment I looked into John's eyes I knew something was wrong, for he was doing Morse code by blinking SOS.
. I had to make him give up on me, and that hurt me more than anything.
Mycroft told him that when they were little, they had a dog - one that Sherlock could not be separated from. Every Halloween, Sherlock would dress them up as pirates, and then Mycroft would take them trick-or-treating. But then something happened, and Redbeard was found dead in their front yard.
"Bees it is, then."
There's something not right about Bob Frankland. I don't know what it is about him just yet, but I will find out soon. Then there's Stapleton. Her daughter's rabbit - the glowing one - had gone missing. But from what I gather, it's rather dead. Good news for our case, bad news for her daughter.
“No, no, he’s fine. I heard that there was a pool going around? About me and Sherlock, I mean.”
Mycroft came to kneel beside his baby brother. He took the shaking hand in his and held it tightly. "Take your time, Sherlock. It's all right. Whatever it is, we're here for you, okay?"
He makes my knees go weak
Sherlock looked at John for a moment before nodding. He hung his head in embarrassment. “Yes. And like I said, I will understand if you don’t feel the same- umf-”
"Excellent. I'll let my dad know."
"No one's ever bothered to understand me before; besides my family, of course, but they only made me better at this human emotions . . . thing. I used to be way worse as a kid. Or so I'm told."
He is irreplaceable.
“Undress. Now.”
“Well, don’t you look …” John couldn’t find the right word.
Mycroft walked into the room and over to one of the chairs. He sat down and placed his umbrella in his lap.
"Fuck!" he shouted.
Each night I dream of John and place him in my mind palace. Whenever I'm feeling down or withdrawn, I just visit John and everything is okay again.
The latter is one of those times.
Mycroft shook his hand.
The first one read:
He placed the card inside an envelope, wrote John’s name on it, and placed it on top of the box, which now sat upon the bedside table. He would sneak into John’s room while he slept and place it on his nightstand, hoping he’ll find it in the morning.
Sherlock smiled and nodded. "Thank you, John."
“I know.”
His scent is devine
Sherlock stopped trying to talk to John.
John figured that he would tell Sherlock about his wound when he wasn't feeling rather vulnerable. He had ignored the pain for Sherlock's sake, and he will continue to do so so that he can help make him feel better.
Greg was just about to fetch their drinks when he heard it. Everyone else at their table looked at him in shock, even Sherlock. He hadn't expected anything more than the practiced kiss from John.
Sherlock hadn’t taken it well - still isn’t, in fact. He started using again.
Sherlock nodded rather quickly.
"What's got you all happy?" Mycroft teased.
“How would you like to help Lestrade? He wouldn't know that we did it, but he told me he’s having trouble with money right now. If we can find out the date. then we can put on a show for them, and Lestrade could win the money.”
John waited a moment for a sign that Sherlock was also home. When he heard a faint thud he shook his head.
Sherlock watched the dispute with mild interest. He was going to stand and just walk away, but this boy had come to his aid.
Sherlock, at one point, tried to get Mycroft to dance, but his brother would have none of it - until Lestrade asked him, to which he had blushed and took Lestrade's hand in his before following the shorter man onto the dance floor.
John brought happiness back into his life - happiness he had long forgotten about since his childhood.
“No. Gather them up and take them out to the bins. Just get out of my sight.”
Sherlock whipped his head around to look at him.
Sherlock finished chewing and swallowed before responding.
At the word ward, John looked up at Mycroft, then looked back down and shrugged. What did he care? The way he saw it, he had already been living at a ward.
“N-nothing,” he got up from his chair and went to his bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He had a lot to think about.
"Mummy, father -" he cleared his throat, "would you still love me if I - if I liked boys?"
"Oh, love," his mother said softly before pulling the two of them into a crushing hug.
“Where are you staying, then?”
“Tell me.”
Sherlock began to shake.
It was then that I realized his next move. I went straight to Bart's Hospital and asked Molly Hooper for help. We planned my death from then on.
Mycroft was dull in his request, as ever. He wants me to take on a client I know nothing about. I have never done this. I always do a little research before I meet a client, assuming there's anything the least bit interesting about them.
Sherlock nodded slightly, his eyes downcast. He squeezed Mycroft's hand before pulling it back. He looked up, past his mother's shoulder. It's the best he could do.
Sherlock was sat on a bench at Green Park, thinking, when his phone beeped. He pulled the device out of his jacket pocket and saw a text from John. He bit his lip, scared of what it might read. As he opened it, though, he let out a breath of relief.
"In about ten minutes."
Sherlock knew they were John’s favorite sweaters; that’s why he was cutting them up. He wanted to make them all into one. He hadn't expected John to be home so early, so he was taken by surprise when he arrived.
"Yeah," John huffed. "How's Sherlock? Is he okay? Where is he?"
"Autism?"
Sherlock loves bees. Ever since his father took him to visit their Uncle Rudy, he'd show him the beehive that was placed in his enormous backyard. Sherlock would squeal in delight as he watched them collect, build, and fly. He'd wanted to get close to them, but his uncle said that he's not old enough, only to keep him from being stung and having to go to ER as he's very much allergic to them, ironically.
Sherlock shook his head. "No."
I cleaned underneath his bed and found a small box, hidden at the back behind everything else.
John made his way over to Sherlock’s chair and stood in front of him. Leaning down, John placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s face, tilting his head just a bit.
Sherlock frowned. “I didn't,” he whispered. He looked at John, his eyes glazed with sadness.
John closed the book he had been reading and sat it down upon the bedside table before looking up at Sherlock. “How did you fake your death?”
He was just about to fall back asleep when he heard his door click open and saw Mycroft standing there, umbrella in hand as he leans against it.
As soon as he's inside, he's welcomed by whom he assumes is the principle.
Mycroft and their father were looking at Sherlock, worried. Sherlock seemed to be trying to keep his free hand steady, but it is shaking and twitching, a clear sign of his nervousness.
John laughed again. "You nutter," he shook his head fondly and kissed him again, and again, and again.
John stared at him, shocked. "All this time, then?"
Moriarty and his fairy tales. That's his game. He's making himself look like an old-fashioned villain. He's leaving clues behind for me to piece together his puzzle, but all it's doing is confusing me to no end. He broke into three of the most secure places in the country, and we don't know how. This case - this puzzle - it's getting rather annoying, even if it is rather interesting.
"Come on, it's been a long day. I'm tired and I'm sure you've just worn yourself out crying; let's go to bed."
The Doctor joined him in his moment of sadness. "Believe me, I know how you feel. I lost someone years ago, and I regret it immensely."
She wanted a story, so I gave her one: She is nothing but scum of the earth, more or less so put. She wanted a story, so I gave her one: People like her - journalists - are nothing more than a nasty fly on the wall begging to get squished for being nosy.
At that moment his parents joined them.
"Okay," Sherlock murmured.
Finally, we have a case! Well, two, actually; but they account for one when you think about it. Case number one is a rabbit in which it is described as 'glowing'. The second case is one of much more interest. The client, Henry, came to John and I about a hound. According to him it is what killed his father when he was a child. He's made a documentary on it and everything, but no one believes him. I believe he did see something happen, but I can't be sure that it was a gigantic hound.
Sherlock sighed as he folded up the sweater. Getting up, he walked over to the bedside table to the left of his bed and pulled out a small, folded cardboard box from the drawer. He opened it up and made it square, then placed the sweater inside, proceeding to wrap it up in plain wrapping paper. He refused to put a bow on it.
Sherlock had always heard that kissing was wet and gross, which is why he avoided it. But with John - oh, with John - it felt wonderful.
John couldn't help it. He laughed.
"I will be extra careful. I will be fine. I will be out of the danger zone at all times. They will be bringing the people to me, love. I won't even leave the tent."
John moved to stand beside him and took his hand, leading them out of the flat. “Lestrade and the others are already there.”
Mrs. Hudson, busy talking with another medic, turned sharply at the familiar voice. She gasped. "Sherlock..." She whispered to herself. Then she began walking towards him, and the next thing he knew, she had slapped him, and hard at that. "I don't curse often, Sherlock Holmes, but now is not the time for formality! Where the bloody hell have you been?! Ten years, Sherlock! Ten years you've been gone! Two years I understand, but ten? Ten just did it, Sherlock..." She fell to the ground on her knees and began to weep. "He couldn't handle it. He went mad searching for you, you know. He couldn't handle it, and he gave up. He shot himself in the - in the head. I found him in your chair, bleeding to death."
“Well, can I come in?”
“Why? I’m nothing to you, now. You don’t have to worry about your druggie of a best -” Sherlock stopped short. No. Not best friend anymore.
,” Sherlock breathed at last. “So
"Even if . . . even if things don't work out between us as a couple, please promise me that we will always be friends. That you won't forget me, or throw me away. Please."
Sherlock followed quickly behind.
The reception was nice and peaceful. Sherlock and John danced for the first few minutes before everyone else joined in. Sherlock had smirked at John and asked who had taught him how to dance in a teasing tone, to which John responded with 'you did', which made Sherlock laugh.
just as important to these cases.
," John said. "The moment I'm finished, I'm coming home.
"Baby, even if he's not, that's okay. It's going to hurt, of course, no doubt about that. But it's not the end of the world."
“What do you mean? What are you talking about?”
"Big," Sherlock repeated.
Three days I paced.
John, however, was interested to know more about said pool. Thus, he found himself calling Lestrade.
"I want to do it. I
"Some of my colleagues at work have asked me if I wanted to join them in tending to the wounded in . . . in Afghanistan."
As Sherlock grew older, he learned from Mycroft the proper social cues expected of a person, such as when to say sorry and why you should say it, and when to say thank you and no thank you. He learned how and when to pick up on facial expressions and what each one meant. Mycroft would make a face, Sherlock would guess what it was, and he'd be rewarded by a treat.
John laughed. "He sounds fascinating, honestly. Is he MI6 like in James Bond?"
Sherlock puffed out his tiny chest with pride and nodded.
Mycroft nodded. "I had a crush on a boy at school. Mummy and father knew, of course, and they don't care. All they care about is that we're happy."
She held him tight and began to weep as well. "It's not your fault. Not really, I suppose. You don't have to explain it, but promise me one thing; please, just give me this, Sherlock. Don't. You. Ever. Leave. With. A. Strange. Man. Again!" She punctuated each word with a slap to the shoulder. "Or so help me God, I will hunt you down myself, and kill you if they haven't already." She said softly, her face in the crook of his neck.
For the rest of the day, Sherlock was an angel.
“Of course,” John smiles. “I’m always here to help.”
“I know that, but - “ he sighed. “Never mind. Forget it.”
"I can't just leave him. Not again. Two years was enough, God only knows how long I'd be away from home, being with you." Sherlock looked down at his left hand and smiled at the ring that was placed on his ring finger. Then a slight frown appeared upon his face. "I wouldn't be able to live with myself if anything were to happen."
"I made a friend - no, a
I do so love comments, kudos, and love. <3 <3
A/N: A lot of you left such lovely comments when I said I didn't think I wanted to complete this, but you changed my mind, so I thank all of you. I know that I shouldn't listen to such negative people, but somtimes I can't help but lose motivation to write again once I get messages like that. Anywho, here's the last chapter! I don't want to delete the last one because of the comments so I can look back at them the next time this happens. Thanks again, everyone. Your kind words truly mean a lot. x
“Don’t. Don’t go blaming yourself for my idiotic decisions."
Important.
Sherlock, according to Mycroft, is nothing short of amazing.
Sherlock had, of course, pouted at that, but he quickly got over it with the promise of him being able to name each and every bee. So far his absolute favorite bee is John, because when his uncle brought him to Sherlock in a jar to see up close for a little bit, Sherlock swears he waved at him.
Sherlock completely forgot about Mycroft's last words to him that morning, deciding to stick around with John instead.
John listened to Sherlock speak, shocked at what he was hearing.
Sherlock took a deep breath and looked up at John, who he just now noticed was back. “John? What-”
“What is it, what’s wrong? Come on, Sherlock, talk to me.”
Their mother turned her head to look at him.
"Oh, please, the only thing fragile about you is your ego."
Sherlock looked him dead in the eye. "I'm already going to be alone forever, now, thanks to you and that bloody box! I should have never gone with you!" He turned back towards John's body and wept.
Moriarty left at one point, leaving John and I on edge, but he returned only moments later with his snipers trained on us once more. John and I then came to a silent agreement that if the only way to stop this madman is to shoot the bomb and blow all of us up at once, then we would die together doing so.
“Why’s that?”
A week into his silenced mood, Sherlock began to have panicked thoughts, and that caused him to go nearly insane. He stood in the living room, pacing, mumbling to himself.
John scoffed. “I’m glad you have a sex life. Really, it beats what you used to do when you got bored.”
Ever since John and Sherlock finally started dating, they did almost everything together. Some things they do now are things they never even did on their own before they got together.
John moved quickly. He pulled Sherlock to him by his coat and kissed him.
"Open the bag. Please." The medic sighed and did so, leaving Sherlock in peace. Sherlock looked down upon his husband's face and began to cry, which soon turned into deep sobs of guilt and sadness. "I'm so, so sorry, John," he picked up John's left hand and kissed his ring finger which held his own wedding band.
Sherlock pulled back and looked John in the eye sternly.
Sherlock positively beamed. “Please, do it again.”
I found nothing within the sugar, and this just frustrated me to no end. But then a thought came to mind from before; hound. I had told John earlier that it might not be a word, but an acronym: H.O.U.N.D. Then there's the words that Henry remembered; Liberty and In. But they aren't words, they're a place. Liberty, Indiana. America. Frankland had been to America recently, going by how he said cell, rather than mobile. It all clicked together then; Bob Frankland was our man. Now we just needed to prove it.
Sherlock did as John instructed. About ten minutes later, Sherlock had calmed down enough to sit back down on the bed.
When Sherlock was five, no one could understand why he had never spoken. He never babbled, mumbled, whispered; nothing. If he wanted to get someone's attention, he would either point and grunt at something, or he would pat them where he could reach.
John grinned and motioned for him to continue.
After a beat, he asks, “You’re in love with me?”
"Then that is his loss. You'll just have to show him how amazing and brilliant you are. You've never been normal, sweetheart. You're unique, yes. But never normal. Normal is for us folks; the boring old people. You, my love, will never be normal."
His mother exited after him and pulled his teachers aside to talk.
Mycroft raised a brow. "Oh?"
"Hello, baby," she smiled. "What did you want to tell us?"
John looked Victor up and down with a frown before remembering his manners. “Tea? I’ve only just made some.”
His laugh is soft
The bullet knocked him backwards, causing him to fall on his back. One of the other doctors working alongside him came to his aid.
"Eager boy," she murmured. She took off his shirt and trousers, then replaced them with the ones they picked out. Sherlock sighed happily and made his way back out into the dining room where his teachers were. He sat at the table and continued on with the workbook they handed him that morning.
Moriarty and I talked for a bit; he played mind games and I gave him answers. It all boiled down to my apparent suicide in the end. He said that while he was alive, everyone he had a gun pointed at would survive; but then he killed himself, thus I had to do the same in order to protect them.
When John got together with his first girlfriend at uni, Sherlock avoided him the entire time they were together. John couldn't figure out why until one of their mutual friends explained that Sherlock was smitten with him.
I know I shouldn't blame myself for him being gone, but I do. Every single day.
“Hm? Oh, no, that was it. Thanks, Greg.”
"Those look beautiful, Sherlock. Did you do them all by yourself?"
"I promise the same, of course. Even if I wanted to, I could never forget you. You've given me a lot of firsts, you know. First friend, first kiss, first love. Thank you, John Watson."
"What's going on?" Sherlock asked. "Doctor, what's going on?" he panicked, fear evident in his voice.
"I know," he said. "I can't help but feel a little jealous, though. No worries, I'll get over it. This John fellow seems really nice."
Mycroft was not amused, but John was, which made me happy. John had had a pretty rough week, so anything to make him feel better than he has been is more than a pleasure for me to do; even if it's being stark naked in nothing but a sheet in the home of the Royal family.
"Shh, I know. It's okay. Keep going, love."
"John, do try to not get too mad with him. As much as I believe you'd like to, he is rather fragile at the moment."
They graduated high school together, cheering the loudest as the other was called to walk the stage. They were supportive of the other in everything they did.
John was out getting groceries, so Sherlock decided to invade the rest of the flat.
"My is my older brother, yes."
Sherlock, though the fun and loving child that he is, has very few bad days; but when he does happen to stumble upon one, it's like he's been through hell and back.
It felt like the world had stopped spinning when he said those things. It gave me a feeling of happiness for a moment, and then one of dread, because what if he didn't think those things after being around me for so long, assuming he'll agree to be my flatmate? What if he gets tired of me being smart? What if I'm not
I'll never hear that again.
then I shall respect his decision.
I had called Angelo later that night to ask him if he would be so kind as to bring John his now useless cane, and he was all too happy to oblige. John was shocked, to say the least, but he soon realized that it was all inside his head.
Sherlock, I am so, so sorry for how I acted. It’s just - well, I saw you ruining my things, only you didn't ruin them, you made them better. Don’t bother replacing them; this is worth far more than either of them separately. God, I am such a git. Of course I forgive you. But would you ever forgive me? - JW
To the right of his bed was a filing cabinet; he reached over, opened the top drawer, and pulled out a birthday card. He grabbed a pen that was sitting on the bedside table and opened the card, proceeding to write on the blank area that was meant for doing so. It now read:
“Prove it.”
Movie after movie, Sherlock found that he didn't really care for Bond, but because he cared for John, he kept his attention on the films and even asked questions whenever he got confused or lost.
“Could what?”
"Hey now - dammit! All right, that's it. Come here!"
Sherlock unsheathed his needle from under his pillow and injected himself with it. He doesn’t want to be here anymore. Not when everyone judges him. Not when all he has is an empty flat. Not when he can’t have John.
His mother clicks her tongue and moves to hug him.
Growing up, I was always taught that being ordinary was more or less a sin. Of course, my brother does like to be dramatic.
"Love," Sherlock scoffed. "Love is stupid. Love is for idiots. Love . . . hurts." He shook his head to try and clear his thoughts, but it wouldn't work. "John, ever since that day, that retched first day of school, I have been in love with you. But for years, you never knew, because for years I always thought that you'd turn me away after I confessed myself; for years, I feared the worst - you not being my friend anymore. All over
“Sherlock, are you ready? Today’s the day, and we’re supposed to meet everyone - “
While at work, a few of John's colleagues got to talking about shipping out to Afghanistan to help the wounded. They asked if John wanted to go with them, to which he immediately said yes to.
"Now, before we begin this wonderful adventure, I must warn you that there is a lot of loud shooting, crashes, what have you; is that going to bother you?"
John walked in, sat down on the bed, and sighed. He felt resigned. He knew he needed this, but he would never admit it.
Sherlock laughed quietly. "I have a lot of those."
“John, make them stop!”
Of course I do, John. You had every right to be upset, though. I meant for it to be a surprise, but, well, you came home too early. Do you really like it? - SH
John sighed as his taxi pulled up in front of their flat. He was not looking forward to this conversation. He got out, unlocked the door, then stepped inside.
John remained standing where he was until someone placed their hand on his shoulder blades and moved him forward gently. He kept his eyes low, trained on his feet as he walked.
Sherlock looked away and began to wring his hands together, nervous and scared of what his brother might say.
just as smart as I am, and you
Sherlock shook his head sadly. “No, John,” he said. “I’m sitting here, talking to you, listening to you, because you imagined me doing so. I am dead. Gone. You spend so much time alone that your mind reverts to the one thing you want most, which happens to be me.”
Sherlock's face broke out into the biggest smile he could muster.
John was planning to go home and have a bit of a lie down for a bit, but as he walked into the flat, all was quiet. John felt uneasy at first, because any time it was this quiet, Sherlock would either be drugged up, sleeping (which rarely happened), or, well, he’d rather not think of that last possibility.
Mycroft grinned. "It's 'thank you, Mummy', but you did very well. Excellent, Sherlock."
He would always run his fingers through my hair and complain that it was knotted. He joked about letting him wash it, but I always told him that I must do it a certain way, to which he would chuckle and say that I was ridiculous.
Later, John and I checked the security footage, which showed Moriarty writing on the glass before he broke it. All it said was 'Get Sherlock', which finds me now awaiting a court case concerning him.
“Kiss me again and call me ... that - again.”
I would have no love to give
I wanted to help John, but I didn't know how. It's not every day you get kidnapped, and I've never been in that situation, so I just let him be. After a day or two, he seemed fine again, and our days went on. But he wasn't - isn't - fine. I can hear him at night when he wakes from his nightmares. I wish I knew how to help him, but I'm at a loss. I'm never at a loss, and that scares me. Oh, John, I'm so sorry that I am so useless.
I clear out his things, keeping some to myself. His jumpers, as ugly as I found them, always made me feel safe when wrapped in his arms.
, do you hear me? But this is important to me, my love. I'll write to you every day, I promise. Please don't be upset," he kissed Sherlock's cheek and held him close.
"Do you have your schedule?" he asks.
“Er, hello, are you a client?” John asked. Sherlock looked at John, confused for a moment, before realizing that the two hadn’t met yet.
The moment he was released, Mycroft took John to 221B Baker Street in his private car.
Mycroft smiled. "You did absolutely amazing, little bee."
John pulled away and sat in his own chair. “Hm?”
Every corner I turn, I'm met with John's writing. I smile at each one and go about my day.
Three days.
When he is mad
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" Mycroft asked.
Moriarty is back. Again. He broke into the Bank of England, Pentonville prison, and the Tower of London; all at once, somehow, even though he never left his position at the Tower. The police found him sitting in the King's throne, dressed in his crown and robe.
“Do you feel that, John?” John nodded. “You caused that. No one else has ever done that to me. I like that. I
John tsked and pulled Sherlock into a hug.
“Well, I dunno, something of the sort. A little hand holding at the Yard, or something to convince them.”
"Just three. Only three, I promise."
"I can show you now if you'd like?"
"For being my friend."
His door opened and he was about a millisecond away from shouting at his brother to go away, but it was John.
John nods and picks up Sherlock’s upper half of his body while Mycroft took the bottom half, and together they brought him out to Mycroft’s car, where it would then take them to Bart’s.
Sherlock looked over at John and frowned. "What?"
Sherlock chuckled softly, then frowned. "How long have we been standing here?" he asked, anxious to get back to his John.
The Doctor grinned. "Because your mother was pregnant. None of the other people were, nor were they parents at the time, either. But yours were. Odd, isn't it? A killer ghost, letting the pregnant slide. Kind of touching, actually."
His teachers watched idly, worried about what upset him.
“Sorry, what was that?”
Mycroft watched him from the corner of his eye and frowned. “John, do you know where you are?” he asked.
“No, what is it?”
"Of course we can be friends."
friend! His name is John, just like my old bee! Some airhead shoved me out of my seat at lunch and that's when John jumped in and scared them away. I've never met anyone like him. We shook hands and I didn't even react to it like I normally do!"
Mycroft smiled softly at his baby brother.
John just stared in shock for a moment.
His mother led the way to his room. Once inside, Sherlock ran to his closet and began slapping his hand against the wooden door until his mother opened it. She pulled out a nice, soft jumper for him to feel, along with a pair of slacks. He hummed and raised his arms, ready for her to take off his current clothing.
The doctor also explained that a lot of autistic children are late in developing communication and motor skills. He suggested that they take their time with Sherlock and teach him how to do things, and that if he didn't want to do anything, then they just be patient with him as it could make him too overwhelmed very quickly.
“You’re at a ward,” Mycroft said softly, a painful feeling of regret and sorrow buried itself deep within his chest. “You’re here because you almost attempted suicide, and I cannot watch you do this to yourself. You've not eaten in days, and your health has plummeted immensely. This is the only thing that I know how to do in order to help you.”
I noticed a while ago that a load of new people had moved into Baker Street all at once; it seemed fishy at first, but it all started to make sense once one of them told me what they were after. A key code that Moriarty so kindly left behind at our flat. They're all after it, but they're all competing for it. I don't know why, yet, and it's driving me crazy because any time one of them comes close to me, they're killed immediately.
Sherlock grinned and blushed faintly.
"I don't see why not," his father said. "I can't wait to meet him, son."
John grinned and shook his head in the negative. “No, love, you look great.”
By the time he finished talking, both his mother and Mycroft had joined them in the study.
Their parents picked up on what Mycroft was doing, and they couldn't be more proud of him. After Sherlock would go to bed, they promised Mycroft that he could have an extra helping of dessert, as well, but he politely declined, saying that watching Sherlock be happy is far better than anything else he could be given.
I had planned the outcome with Mycroft ages before I planned the meeting with Moriarty. It had to be elaborate - which it was - in order for it to work; which it did.
John shrugged. "My father doesn't allow my sister and me to go out much. Says we shouldn't waste our days dillydallying and all that rubbish."
"Sherlock, I'm telling you, the feeling is very much mutual. I just -," he sighed. "It took me a while to catch up with myself, is all. But I do. Love you, that is."
"I can't wait to meet everyone, then. Is your brother usually intimidating to people?"
“Yes.”
"Well, I am very proud of you; of both of you. You are absolutely welcome, baby."
John and Sherlock hadn't spoken a word to each other in over a week. John would be at work while Sherlock stayed at the flat, per usual. John took care of everyone that came in to see him, and Sherlock usually worked on his experiments. On this particular day, however, Sherlock had done something that upset and angered John more than anything else he’d ever done.
Sherlock grinned for the first time in a while, but it immediately vanished with one single thought.
John nodded. "Well, whenever you're feeling any type of way, just let me know so that I can try to help, yeah? I want to be there for you."
Their meal went by with ease after that. Mycroft talked about school, their father talked about the fish he caught, their mother talked about work and how this one woman came in and was just horrible to her, and Sherlock talked about his favorite type of bee.
, jealous? Of what, exactly?”
Sherlock began to worry when John hadn't spoken a word for more than ten seconds.
“No.”
“I’m sorry," John murmured. “This is all my fault.”
My best friend, the only one I was ever able to make, is gone from this world.
Every time I see him
John doesn't realize it, but he is smarter than he gives himself credit for. Half of this case was solved by him, and him alone, while I solved the other half. He never credits himself for it though, he's always saying that I'm the one doing the solving, but that's not entirely true. John, one of these days you are going to realize that you
There is never a day
Sherlock slept peacefully while Mycroft fell asleep alongside his baby brother, arms wrapped around him, protecting him from all the evil in the world. He made a promise, a vow of you will, that he would do anything for his brother. He's going to stick to that promise, no matter what, even in dreamland.
“I’m sorry?”
"My . . . can I ask you something personal?"
"Ah, John. So glad you're awake," he said. "How are you feeling?"
"Sherlock -"
“Who?”
His mouth curls into a smirk
"I like to read a lot, but my absolute favorite thing to do is visit the bees at my uncle's house!"
"That's a deal, mate."
Reaching out, John grabbed it and put it down in front of him. He picked up the card first, opened it, read its contents, and immediately felt bad. Sherlock was only doing what he thought was special and John and told him to get out of his sight. Slightly confused at what Sherlock wrote, he opened the box next and gasped.
Sherlock frowned. "It is for me," he whispered. "John is my only friend. He's the only one who bothered talking to me at school. He's the only one to stand up for me. He's the only one that even bothered to try and understand me, outside of family. He's everything to me."
The line was silent for a few moments before Sherlock spoke again.
John smiled, even though it could not be seen.
"So help me John Watson, if you die, I am going to fly out there, find your body, somehow miraculously bring you back, and then kill you myself."
John moved to sit up, but realized his mistake a second too late.
Sherlock raised a hand to his lips. He could still feel the ghost of the kiss. He sighed.
His lips a light pink
It seemed like they'd been hugging for hours before they broke apart.
As she spoke more and more about what he does, she began to understand. The doctor told them that it's common among autistic children, and even adults.
His mother grins and nods.
While John was gone, he kept up his promise to write Sherlock every day. But after a month of their correspondence, he didn't get a response, which was worrisome.
"Of course, Sherlock. You don't have to thank me."
"Bees!"
"But you will. One day, you will. But for now, I leave in two weeks. We have two weeks together until I fly out there for a few months."
I go to my bedroom, open the box, and take out every note. Going to the kitchen, I find some tape then go back and put a piece to the top of every note before placing them all over the flat.
“Thank you,” he mumbles.
The Doctor furrowed his eyebrows. "We're back where we were, but there seems to be a problem," he said, his voice merely a whisper.
"Oh, is he? Well, I must admit that he was one of our finest students. He's gone on to be the British Government now, hasn't he? At least, that's what I've heard from a friend."
His eyes are blue
John stood in the living room, dressed in his old uniform. He had it, so he might as well be what he once was.
"That's pretty cool. I've never seen a bee in person before."
"You will. You
“I know,” John said. “But I want to be.”
I met someone in the men's bathroom at the courthouse; a journalist. A woman journalist. Oh, how I hate them. All they want is a story, and they don't care how they get it, so long as it's enough to put someone under a bus. She introduced herself as Kitty Riley. She set up marks on herself so that I would deduce her on site, but she's not that smart. I saw right through her.
Sherlock beamed and continued to eat while Mycroft blushed.
After a while, they broke for air.
He seemed to appear fine, until it got to be too much for him. He started to pat his hands against mummy's shoulders, whimpering quietly in her ear. He shoved a few fingers in his mouth and bit down on them. Mycroft moved to pull them out before he drew blood, but Sherlock screeched.
"Who's James Bond?"
type of data that is so given. I entered the code, ducked down, and took out the American pointing his gun at me as John and Miss Adler did the same to the other two.
John laughed and went to sit down on the sofa.
John put the plate that held their slice of cake on his desk and then started to look around in a drawer beside his bed. Sherlock peeked and saw it full of movies.
The time comes for John to join Sherlock and his family for their visit to Uncle Rudy's.
Later, Sherlock made sure to wake before John and leave the flat. He didn't want to be anywhere near the man in case he were to get any angrier at him.
"Thank you," Sherlock mumbled.
I met someone today. Not in the way you're thinking, mind, but he's nice. Even nicer than most of the people I meet. His name is John Watson, he's an invalided army doctor, and he actually thinks that what I do is
"A lot of bees!"
Sherlock shrugged him off. "YOU SAID TEN MINUTES, NOT TEN YEARS, NOW YOU FIX THIS!"
“Leading you to do this to yourself. Please - I feel guilty. I feel like I did this to you. I felt so alone these past few months, but the moment Mycroft called and said you were in trouble, I just couldn’t ignore you any longer. I’ve been acting like a total prat. Please, Sherlock, forgive me.”
Sherlock decided that he liked John's laugh. He would do everything in his power to hear it every day.
He makes me happy
Sherlock ran over to him and hugged him tight.
"Dad, I'm home!"
“Sherlock, why? Why now, why again?”
"But what about me, us? What if you -" he stopped.
"Anything, Sherlock."
Mycroft woke and grinned up at Sherlock.
He couldn't bring himself to say it.
"I know," he said. "I've known the moment you couldn't stop talking about him."
He opened his mouth, took a small breath, and spoke.
Three days I worried.
John smiled. "Aye, Pirate Holmes."
I'll admit that I did have a look at her body as she stepped in - if only to try and deduce anything about her - as my mind collects
"Best friends?"
"I'm going to need you to prove it to me a few more times."
Sherlock, by that point, had begun to cry.
"I don't like it. It hurts."
"Of course not, you clot!"
At the sound of the front door slamming shut, Sherlock winced.
His phone rang and rang, until finally, it picked up.
I cleaned out his dresser and boxed what could leave.
The Doctor just smirked. "London. Fifty years back."
Throughout the years, Sherlock and John were inseparable. Their friendship grew stronger each year they were together.
Coffee! Henry drinks coffee every morning, and what does he put in his coffee? Sugar. I'm almost certain that the drug, whatever it may be, is in his sugar. I needed to test this theory, so I took a few packets of his sugar and made a cup of coffee with it for John; after, of course, we sorted out our row from earlier. I suppose it was my apology. He drank it, so now I only needed to practice my theory.
Mycroft came into the study with snacks for the both of them and had to coerce Sherlock into taking a break from drawing. Sherlock was close to throwing a small strop at being interrupted, but then he saw the sweets on the tray and immediately ran over to Mycroft, holding his hands out. Mycroft rolled his eyes fondly before placing a treat into his brother's palms.
how you cause my heart to race, my breath to catch. You've always managed to silence my mind in one way or another before, but this - this kissing - John, I’ve never felt this way with anyone before. I don’t know what to do with this information. I don’t - “
Sherlock took a moment to think on that.
Mycroft, who had been watching John’s every move since that day, saw John put the gun to his head and panicked. He had set up a few cameras in the flat in order to keep an eye on John. He tried talking to him about his newly found eating habits, but John just told him to piss off.
“ ... Alright.”
John blushed on his end.
John sighed. Again.
Sherlock pauses for a moment before nodding. John makes his move, placing his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders.
John just continued to smile.
Sherlock nodded slightly. "More than anything else I've ever liked. But I don't - I don't want to lose him. I don't know if he feels the same, or if he's even like . . . this."
“I can’t, I can’t, I cant-” Sherlock chanted. “I can’t do this. I don’t know how. I don’t-” he continued mumbling to himself.
Mycroft looked over at Sherlock, who was being carried by their mother. Although he could walk fine on his own, he didn't do well doing so out in public just yet, and for this reason exactly.
“What, seriously? That much going for us?”
“The voices! Urging, always urging, won’t shut up,” he cries.
The soft, fuzzy material rubbing against my face as I lay upon his chest never failed to make me feel content.
"I love you," John said.
does he feel so strongly about this?
“Yes, why, Sherlock?”
The Doctor shed a tear or two before shaking his head. "I'm sorry, but I can't. God, I wish I could, but I can't. Not unless you wish to be alone forever."
"I'm so s-sorry, John! I hate myself, I do, I do. I hate that I'm like this. I hate that you're mad, and upset, and d-disappointed. I'm nothing but a failure and a disappointment. I couldn't even hold myself together for two lousy weeks!"
For some odd reason, when I arrived at the scene they kept getting John confused with myself. It proved to be a good distraction, as John would keep saying that he was not who they think he was, but they would not believe him, for he held my wallet with my ID, as I later found out.
I wish that I could walk down the street without people glaring at me, or whispering to their significant other, or calling me a freak like Sally Donovan does. I wouldn't mind it if it were just her, but it feels like the whole world is in agreement. I'm either a freak, a weirdo, a disappointment, a psychopath, or - and this is my absolute favorite -
Sherlock grinned and hugged his mother back.
"You're right. I'll wait. I don't know for how long, maybe forever. I just don't want to lose John."
"I know, baby. I know."
He had expected John to be glad that he wasn’t dead - glad that Sherlock had heard his speech and answered his prayers.
John woke an hour after Sherlock had left. He stretched before sitting up in bed and looked over at his clock on his nightstand, which flashed 6:00 A.M. at him. He then looked at the box sitting there with a card on top of it. Curious.
“What happened last time?” Greg asked.
“Hey, it’s alright,” John murmured. He reached up his hands and wiped away the next two tears that slipped on their own accord.
Their lips moved, as if in a dance. They held each other close, not daring to let go, but reluctantly pulling back when air was a need.
They made their way to Bart’s Hospital, grinning at each other in the back of the taxi the entire ride there.
Well, we solved the case of the suicides, which all turned out to be murder. The man behind it all was dying and needed money to provide for his kids, so he turned to someone to help him out. He said the man's name is Moriarty, but the name is unfamiliar to my ears. I'll have to do some research on it later.
"Never? Like, ever?"
“Because - because, when you kissed me, I felt something. I don’t know what it was, I don’t have enough data - but I
Sherlock froze in place before he turned back towards the body bag and looked up at the medic.
They both hung up. Sherlock's heart began to beat faster and faster. He couldn't believe it. He still has a friend, even after he told him about himself.
He had tried so hard to explain what he was doing, but John only ignored him.
Sherlock fought within himself to follow John's order, but he so badly wanted to hug him. He'd hold out until he finished doing what John asked him to do.
"N-no . . . please don't go. Please. I need you here," Sherlock sobbed. He'd never lost himself like this before. Ever.
set something off in John. It sounded like Mycroft didn’t approve of him in the slightest, and that made John feel like he didn’t either.
Sherlock stood and looked down at the mess he had made.
John smirked. “Together? I’d say so.”
"Come along, Sherlock, lets go get you into some nice pajamas. I washed your bee ones yesterday, do you want those?"
John gasps and stands from his chair, intent on barging in there, before he realizes that he has no reason to. They’re not together, so why the
John was the first to move. He quickly knelt down next to Sherlock, took his needle, and broke it. Sherlock shrugged. He could barely do anything to stop him. He could barely do anything at all, really. He hadn’t moved, or eaten, or drank, or slept, in days. He is weak, both in mind and body, and he hates himself for it.
Sherlock looked at John with a confused expression. “How did I do what, John?”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment, considering it, before he looked away, mumbling under his breath.
The Doctor nodded as he approached him. "No one ever moved in until a few years before you were born; which, I believe, were your parents. It was said to be haunted by a man who killed whoever lived here. But when your parents bought it, the ghost, or whatever it was, stopped. For some odd reason, it never once harmed or did anything to your parents. Want to know why?" He whispered.
Sherlock was the first to speak.
, remember? For two years. You had - have - every right to leave me. You’re not bound to me, John. You never have been. But it was … nice, while it lasted, our friendship. I only hope that one day you will forgive me for doing that to you. God only knows I wouldn’t be able to. But you, John - you’re a good man. But you’re not bound to me.” With that, Sherlock lowered his eyes down to his lap and twiddled his thumbs, expecting John to leave and never come back - again. But he didn’t.
"We watched these James Bond films - terribly dull by the way, but I endured it for John's sake - and we shared cake."
John reassured Sherlock that it was okay - that he felt the same way, but he didn't know how to go about telling him because he hadn't explored his sexuality all that much, so he didn't know if it was just a sudden thought or an actual feeling.
Mycroft winced. "It will take some getting used to, I imagine."
Greg looked like he had just won the lottery - which, in a way, he had.
"What's the matter, Sherlock?"
Five minutes into what should've been a peaceful meal, he was shoved from his seat. He landed on the floor on his side, and his lunch followed suit. He looked up at who had disturbed him and snarled.
Those were his exact words, and the moment he said them, my heart just about stopped.
“Yes.”
Sherlock emerged from the bathroom twenty minutes later, dry and clean. He saw John sat on the sofa and contemplated whether or not to join him, or sit in his chair. In the end his emotions won out and he ended up sitting by John.
Sherlock grinned. "I used to have a bee named John, you know. I wouldn't really consider it a friend seeing as it couldn't talk, stand up for me, or do just about anything besides what it normally did, but it was as close as. But now I have the real thing, and you even have the same name!"
"Bee."
“Alright, I need you to breathe for me. Take deep breaths and let them out at the same time as me, okay? Put one hand on my wrist and just focus on my pulse.”
Every day I remind myself
Mycroft nodded and the conversation ended.
The first hour or so went by fine, but then lunch came around, and it was rush hour. All around them people began to mill about, talking loudly, moving quickly, shoving, running, walking.
Sherlock smirked. “Sir, yes, sir.”
His mother looked at his father and nodded.
She couldn't help but chuckle at his antics.
"Mhm. He's amazing. We spent the entire night watching James Bond. He does what you do, except you don't do any of the action parts," Sherlock snickered.
"Sometimes, to comfort myself when things get to be too much, I hum or I listen to music. I don't like to eat certain stuff due to the textures. Some textures I just can't stand, like apple sauce, or oatmeal, and some dry foods.
He can’t face John, only to be left alone again.
“John, are you jealous?”
Upon hearing a door shut, Sherlock jumped up from his spot on the floor and ran down the stairs, nearly tripping himself in the process.
"That's okay. I still like you."
According to John, Miss Adler had escaped without a trace. The next day I get sent her mobile in the mail, and the day after that I am told that she is dead and to confirm it at the morgue. I can't explain how I felt, and still feel, about the situation. I suppose it made me angry, sad, and happy at the same time, although I have no idea why. Maybe because this woman is another mystery, who knows.
Sherlock didn't need to be told twice. He ate his sweets, drank his juice, let Mycroft clean his hands, then went back to hanging up his work.
“I suppose it wouldn’t hurt.”
“Hold that in your hand until it melts, or until the urge goes away. If you need another one, then just let me know. You can do as many as it takes.”
He pulled John back into the tent and began working on getting the bullet out. John was quickly falling under due to the sudden shock of being shot, but the doctor insisted that he stay awake.
“Do it again.”
After a long discussion on where they should hold it, they chose Mycroft's home. Sherlock had asked him if it was all right, seeing as it was big and quiet enough, and he agreed.
Not knowing what else to do, one of his teachers called his mother and told her what was going on. His mother thanked them and said that she would be home soon.
Sherlock walked over to him and gasped at what he saw in front of his flat. He slowly walked out of the T.A.R.D.I.S then made a run for it towards the gurney that held a black body bag.
Mycroft wanted to roll his eyes, but he couldn't bring himself to do so, so he smirked instead.
John was taking a sip of his tea just then and just about choked on it. “
enough?
Sherlock frowned momentarily, but when John started talking about himself he got excited to learn more and more.
"That's horrible. The next time we go, would you like to come with us?"
"Hello, this is Sherlock, is John there?"
Sherlock has a secret that he hasn't told anyone - not even Mycroft, and he tells him everything. He was waiting for the right moment to reveal it, which is where we find him now, gathering his family in the living room. It's their mother's birthday, so Sherlock figured that this would be his gift to her. He didn't know what else he could possibly give besides his love.
Moriarty showed up on the rooftop of Bart's. I must admit that I was a bit terrified. I was standing in the face of death, so of course it only seemed right to be terrified. After all, fear in the face of danger is wise.
(See the end of the chapter for
When Sherlock asked Mycroft to be his best man, he told Sherlock that he would be honored to. John asked Lestrade, who said yes in a heartbeat. Sadly for John, he didn't have that many close friends, either, so his options for a best man were very limited; Lestrade, Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, and Molly seemed to be all that he has, and Harry couldn't even be arsed to reply to him any time he tried to contact her.
"Okay, love. Okay. We'll go get you changed. Come on, up you get."
They went home and put Sherlock down for a nap while they went their own ways. Mycroft went to Sherlock's room to watch him sleep. In case he had any nightmares, Mycroft would be there for him.
John frowned. "Why?"
Everyone but Sherlock sat down. He walked to stand in front of mummy and held out a hand, which she took in her own.
Sherlock nodded. “To the left is the bathroom, my door is next to it.” Victor smirked at John as he passed him and made his way to his destination.
"Sherlock, love, what do you want to eat for dinner?"
He could hear John’s footsteps get closer and closer to his room. When he knocked on the door, Sherlock closed his eyes and let out a slow breath. His head is pounding, raging with thought after thought. Unable to take it anymore, he jumps from his bed and groans as he puts his hands over his ears.
As we were talking, John, dear sweet John, had jumped on Moriarty's back once he was distracted. I thought he would have let up by then, but his snipers pointed their annoying red dots on myself, thus causing John to extract himself from the psychopath's body. That sounds lewd, doesn't it?
I used to think that you could be both smart and playful, but it is no to be so. Growing up I was more into puzzles than anything else; aside from my soldiers, of course. I could sit for hours examining and solving all kinds of puzzles - sometimes even codes - and it would never bore me for a second.
Yours, if you shall still have me,
"Come with me. Be my last companion before I leave. Please." The Doctor pleaded softly as he stood just outside the T.A.R.D.I.S, door wide open. Sherlock, unsure as he's ever been, looks back at 221B before turning back around to look The Doctor in the eyes.
I agree to do this, if only to get Mycroft off of my back. He has been nothing but nosy, annoying, and dull for the past few days, and it is getting on my nerves.
"Sherlock is doing better," he said. "He had a bad episode, is all. You cannot blame yourself, John. He doesn't understand some things, and that's not his fault. While he knew what you were doing and why you were doing it, his brain probably said other things."
John nodded and put one of the movies in his VHS player.
After Sherlock was returned home from John's house the following morning, he spent all day smiling.
“What about Mary?”
Sherlock closed his eyes at one point and slowly but surely relaxed into John's hold.
“I - I think I’m in love with you. God, John, am I ever in love with you. When you walk into the room, you make my heart skip a beat. You make my mind go completely quiet. You make me forget about the drugs. You make me eat, and sleep, and do all the normal things I would never do. You take care of me, and look out for me, and do all of these things. How are you so perfect, John? How? How do you have the perfect laugh, perfect smile, perfect eyes -
"N-no . . ."
After dinner Mycroft announced that he would be going to take a shower and be off to bed, to which his mother asked if he could help give Sherlock a bath. Mycroft nodded and went to take care of himself before gathering Sherlock to do his.
His mother tsked. "Of course, sweetheart! You're my baby, I'll always love you no matter what."
John sighed.
John just glares. Sherlock emerges soon after, fully clothed in his pajamas.
The older boy scoffed down at him and stood to tower over Sherlock. He was just about to reel his leg back to get in a good kick, but someone had rushed to Sherlock's side and pushed the other students away from him.
He went on to tell them about himself, leaving out the tale of his parents.
"I think I might . . . I think that . . ."
Sherlock and John finally come together as one.
“John?”
Sherlock and John very rarely paid any attention to any of the comments made by people about them being together. Sherlock tries to ignore them completely, and John just shrugs them off. But John had heard one very specific comment about a pool going around Scotland Yard; a pool that’s to see how long it takes for them to finally see what other people see.
The car pulls up into the driveway and they all exit. Sherlock grabs John's hand and pulls him along to the backyard. He shows John the beehives and explains what the bees do and how they help the environment.
"What if . . . what if he doesn't like me once he finds out that I'm . . . not normal?"
John listened as Sherlock spoke. He wanted to cry, and break something, and scream. He wanted to hate, and be angry, and be upset. But he couldn’t.
“Stop!
Sherlock's jaw dropped as he took in his surroundings. Everything looked so . . . Different. Amazing. He looked around and stopped short when he recognized one area.
I asked John if he wanted to go out - well, suggested, really - for dinner, and he thought I was asking him
John sighed, relieved.
“Can I touch you? Is that okay, Sherlock?”
The Doctor only grinned. "We should get going. After all, time is important." He winked and stepped aside so Sherlock could enter before him. Walking in after the detective, he shut the door behind him and began to put in his coordinates.
“I’m terrified. I am terrified that you do not feel the same. I am terrified that you will leave me. I’m terrified…” Sherlock's voice wavered.
One day, John had been reading a book aloud to Sherlock when he finally asked the impending question.
"Sherlock, I'm home!"
I had a small row with John and I think I upset him. I can't worry about that now, we'll get over it in time.
Sherlock squeezed the hand that held the ice and sighed, his shoulders relaxing with every breath.
When he is not
Fast forward to the next few days; Moriarty shows up again. Not physically, of course, but through a text to Mycroft. Bond Air was a failed and canceled plan. Miss Adler had something to do with it, I'm sure, otherwise she wouldn't have come back once again, asking to be protected. Unfortunately for her, she was sent away. Fortunately for her, so was I. We worked together to get her out of the situation she was in and made her disappear once more, although permanently this time.
After three rings, a female answers. He figures it's John's sister, as he never mentioned his mother.
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the years.
There are times when Sherlock thinks he can handle himself, and then there are times where he’s lost, confused, and scared.
When they arrived back at Baker Street, Sherlock immediately went and sat in his armchair. John did the same.
Sherlock looked up at him. "I'm sorry to hear that."
John tried so hard, but he was just so tired and sore. Within minutes, he was gone. When he next woke, it was to the sight of a hospital ceiling. He looked around the room and noticed a spare pile of clothing on a chair by his window.
"Whatever you're up to, it better be cleaned up after you're done!"
"Sherlock, Ms. Atmore says you've been having a bad day? Do you want to tell mummy what's wrong?"
Only when they got half way across the room and kept getting nearer to him did he move, and it was to curl in on himself further.
John has hidden my cigarettes from me. I know, I told him to, but I am going absolutely insane without a case! I need to do something with my mind. I need to get out of here, but I have nowhere to got that is interesting. Lestrade hasn't even called up with anything in weeks and it is driving me mad.
“Do you want to start now, or?”
Sherlock describes his life and events within a journal over the next few years.
"That's amazing. Give him my best, will you? I rather miss him. I hope you enjoy your classes!"
After Sherlock finishes talking, his mother announced that it was lunch time. They all gather in the dining room and ate. After they were finished, Mycroft helped clean and do the dishes while Sherlock dragged John aside to talk.
"Sherlock, you could like boys, you could like girls, or you could like both, or you could like none. Either way, you will always be loved. Do you understand?"
“Hello, Mycroft. You wouldn't happen to know anything about the pool going around Scotland Yard about Sherlock and I, would you?”
Their mother went to go take a nap herself, and their father went to go fishing at the pond just behind their house.
Sherlock's smile was lost when a sudden thought came to him.
"Thank Mummy," Sherlock said.
By the time Sherlock turned 15, Mycroft felt like he was finally ready to go out into the world and go to school - a proper school. When he discussed this with their parents, they asked how Sherlock felt about it all.
Sherlock has a secret and a not-so-good day, but that's all right. Big brother Mycroft fixes it.
When I finish reading them, I can't move.
"I know you're too big for this, but I miss doing it." Mycroft mused to himself.
Sherlock turned to look at the man.
Sherlock looked at John. “You mean to pretend as if we are dating?”
Sherlock's lips twitched into his familiar 'I hate you right now, but you're still funny' smirk.
“Are you two - “
Lestrade has shown up with a case: a kidnapping. I know I probably shouldn't be so thrilled about it, but it has something to do with Moriarty, I just know it.
One of the kids, the little boy, left us a clue; he used Linseed oil to paint a message on his wall and leave a trail. I chipped off a piece of the floor where the shoe prints were and headed straight to Bart's Hospital, where my dear friend Molly Hooper helped me to break down the oil in the kidnapper's feet, which I was sure would lead us straight to Moriarty. We found traces of Alkaline, chalk, asphalt, brick dust, vegetation, and PGPR. All of these lead us straight to a factory in Addleston.
The Holmes family live in a luxurious house, with enough room for Sherlock to run around and drain his energy. Mycroft spent most of his time in their private library, reading books on law and politics. Their parents spent most of their time either talking aimlessly over tea, or relaxing outside in their backyard.
John just remained silent.
I can understand, truly I can. But I can't help but be angry. He just left. No note saying goodbye, no phone call, no texts. Nothing.
"John please -"
'Clothes, mummy. Clothes hurt. Head hurts. Bad. Bad. Help. Bad.'
“Why the day after my birthday? What significance does that particular day hold?”
What if nobody likes him?
The Doctor smiled softly. "Ten minutes. Ten minutes as my companion, and you'll be right back where I found you. That's a promise."
“Stop,” Mycroft’s voice interrupts his thoughts. “Stop blaming yourself. It won’t help you or him. Just help me get him to hospital.”
John wrote to Mycroft, asking if Sherlock was all right, but all was negative.
“Hey, are you okay? You looked a bit … off.”
"There's nothing inside. It's completely empty," Sherlock said.
"Fair warning, my dad can get to be a bit much sometimes, so it's best to stay in my room most of the time. He's not bad, but he's not very good, either. He just has a semi-short temper about everything. So don't be afraid, okay?"
“Good. Now, once you’re out of here, what do you say we go back to Baker Street and have a nice cup of tea. Hmm?”
Sherlock stood in the doorway of the kitchen, not really seeing what the problem is, until it registers.
She held out her hand for him to take but he got up on his own, not yet wanting to touch or be touched by anyone.
As they pulled up into John's driveway, Sherlock said goodnight to his parents and Mycroft before jumping out of the car to follow John up to his door.
Three days I did not sleep.
"Of course, mate."
"May I go call him?"
"Well, sir, there's not much -"
. People actually think that I'm mentally ill because I have a thought process 10x faster than they do.
Mycroft opened the door to John’s new living quarters, which was a white padded room with a bed, a bedside table, and a bookshelf filled with all kinds of books to read.
I begged and begged him to allow me to help, but he kept pushing me away. I didn't know what else to do.
After a moment, John pulled back.
“So,” Sherlock breathed at last. “What was that, then?”
“Yeah, will do. Thanks, Mycroft.”
"Your uncle has bees?"
John had just got back home from work, settled down in the living room with a nice cup of tea, when he heard the slam of the front door, announcing Sherlock’s arrival. He sat his tea down on the table next to his chair and went about reading the local newspaper when he suddenly heard a second voice coming up from behind Sherlock on the stairs.
I am so sorry, John. I am so sorry for all the hurt that I caused you, and will still possibly cause you in the future. I do hope you'll forgive me one day.
John shook his head.
I solved John's problem with his leg today, as well. He had a psychosomatic limp in his right leg. His idiotic therapist had prescribed him for medicine, even though it's all mental, quite literally; but I healed him, in a way. We were chasing after the cabbie - the one who had killed all of those people - and he never once went back for his cane.
John tried to ask Sherlock about it, but he wouldn't reply to him. He was too mad about his personal feelings being thrown out like that, and by someone he called a friend, no less. He'd never trust Anderson with anything ever again.
As Miss Adler was distracted, I took the phone, but she injected me with something moments after and took it back. Anything after that moment is a blur as I woke up in my bed, at home, in 221B Baker Street.
“Lestrade.”
Sherlock looked himself over and frowned. “It looks ridiculous, doesn’t it?”
John shrugged and set about to cleaning the living room. He knew how they could convince them, but he didn’t want to bring it up should Sherlock change his mind. Sherlock, however, saw John waver.
Whomever happened to lay their eyes upon them in that moment would see nothing more than two ridiculous, crazy, amazing men in love. The entire night they smiled, laughed, danced, and kissed every once in a while.
As I was saying earlier, we found the people who had taken John and Sara(h). They had them sat in chairs in a tunnel. Facing Sara(h) was the device that they had used in the circus earlier that week that shot off an arrow into its target.
Sherlock nods with pride. "Scientists are cool. They get to mess with all kinds of stuff. I like to mix things up and see what they do; Mycroft bought me a practice kit when I was ten and I've used it ever since. It's amazing."
Their mother came into the bathroom just as Mycroft was drying Sherlock's hair with a towel.
I cannot even begin to describe today's events. First, John was on my back about the stupid solar system - which I'm very much aware of, thank you - then there was an explosion. And then, as if those two weren't enough, Mycroft paid me a visit. I'm starting to think that it's not just people giving me hell, but the entire universe.
Their father stepped into the room and noticed Sherlock's wall. He moved to stand beside Sherlock, placing a hand upon on his head.
I woke from a dream I was having about what happened earlier that day, and just when I was almost back asleep, I woke again to the sound of my phone going off; but it was not the normal tone it had been set to. Miss Adler changed it to a moan; her moan. Now every time I get a text, that is the sound it makes. She texts me constantly, but I ignore them each time. All she does is flirt, which is unfamiliar to me. I refuse to let her think that she is special in any way if I reply.
"Oh, he could have gone to much worse stuff, believe me. He is a chemist, after all. But again, his mind is not like ours. He probably thinks that what he did was okay and justified for himself. We'll just have to teach him that it's not. He's never messed with anything like this before, so I must admit that I was quite worried, and a bit shocked." Mycroft shook his head.
The rest of the day went by much of the same way. First to class, introduce, pick a seat, learn. All in all, Sherlock's day was going relatively well for his first ever school experience.
John and I took Henry back to the moors to see if we could come across this supposed hound, which we did. Henry claims he saw it, but I only heard it. It was a bit concerning, but I know that gigantic hounds are less likely to exist. I denied having seen or heard anything because I knew that it was all mental, and I mean quite literally, mental. Inside our heads. I just have to figure out a way to prove that.
Three days I did not eat.
John gasped. "You don't know who - oh child. We're having a Bond night. My place, this weekend. My dad doesn't care if I have friends over, so long as we're quiet. You'll just need to inform your parents I invited you."
"You're not a disappointment; what you did was disappointing, yes. But you are not your actions. Are you a drug addict?"
It was addressed to me.
I cleaned out his closet and kept what I wanted.
“I’m sure you’re about to tell me, so I won’t bother asking.”
All throughout the car ride, Sherlock tells John all about the bees; what different kinds there are, what they do, how to be careful around them, everything.
He can’t face Mycroft, only to be pitied.
"Well, then. It's nice to meet you, Sherlock. If you'll just follow me, I'll get your schedule printed out and you'll be on your way. You wouldn't happen to be related to one Mycroft Holmes, would you?"
Donovan and Anderson didn’t look quite convinced. This is it. This is where their plan would be put into action.
"I love you," Sherlock whispered.
On my way. - JW
John listened with rapt attention and nodded in understanding when he finished talking. “Come with me,” he said and held out a hand to help Sherlock stand.
"Yes, bee. Hurry up and eat your snack before mummy and daddy see."
A few seconds later there were people barging into John’s flat. They carefully maneuvered their way upstairs to where he sat and talked him into handing the gun over. It took a while, but he finally did so, handing it to someone who then helped John to stand. He led the man out of his own flat and ushered him in to the black car that pulled up.
John places a hand under Sherlock’s head and lifts it gently. He looks at Sherlock’s gaunt features and frowns. He’s angry, sure. But now he feels guilty. He led him to this. He made Sherlock like this without meaning to. God, he…
Their mother turned to look at Mycroft.
As the car pulled up to a building, John paid no mind. The door on his side opened and a man helped him out.
"Like I said, good and bad days."
It took him approximately two hours to sew the fabrics together to form one solid sweater. It was a mixture of five light colored browns and one patch of gray in the middle. It actually looked quite nice.
John arrived back home just in time. As he went upstairs, he went straight for the kitchen and began to unload what he had brought, but then he noticed Sherlock pulling at his hair, talking to himself, throwing things. John dropped everything and ran to Sherlock.
Tonight happened to be a bad night. He shut himself in his room and sat on his bed with his arms around his knees, trying to breathe through everything. John had left for work that morning and should be home any minute to pester Sherlock into eating takeaway.
“No, I’m not bound to you. No, you didn’t leave me, you saved me. No, I will not forgive you -”
, but me - “ he shook his head. He doesn’t know how else to explain how he feels.
Mycroft smiled and hugged his brother.
Sherlock was a little put out that they had to leave, but his father promised that they could come back on the weekends when he's not working and when Sherlock isn't busy with homeschool. Sherlock was happy with that arrangement. So happy, in fact, that he ran to his room the moment they stepped inside the house and shut his door. He pulled out every bit of art supplies he owned and began to draw and color in his bees, adding their names to the top of their page. When he was finished, he gathered them up and took them into his father's study so he could add them to his nothingness-no-more wall.
Sherlock just looked at John for a moment before turning, making his way to his bedroom.
Once he was standing outside of John’s door, he hesitates to open it, but does so in the end. Opening it just enough so that he could get in, Sherlock entered the room and sat the gift down beside John's alarm clock. Mission accomplished, Sherlock thought to himself as he exited the room, closing the door behind him.
“Now,” Sherlock said. “Let’s go get some candy.”
The rest of the notes are much of the same; he talks about my quirks, my habits, the good, the bad - everything.
Sherlock was the first to arrive. He greeted the teacher, introduced himself, and sat down at the very front. A few minutes later a flood of students began barging in. After everyone sat down, the teacher began the lesson.
My first ever case has just resurfaced itself, though not in a way I would have expected. I have a deep suspicion that this bomber is the so-called Moriarty that the cabbie mentioned a while back, but I can't be so sure just yet.
John keeps trying to convince me that the hound isn't real, even though he heard something out there, too. He thinks I got myself worked up. That makes me feel, well, I don't know. I never get myself worked up. But he insists.
“You’re to stay here until you are better, and I shall determine whether you are to be released or not. I am not doing this to torture you, John, but to merely look after you. I can no longer trust you to be on your own, and if anything happened to you, Sher-” he cleared his throat again. “Sherlock would never forgive me, even in death.”
“Hello, Lestrade,” Sherlock greeted once they arrived at the bar of Lestrade’s choosing. “Everyone else.”
Later that night we all went back to the moors, where I later found out that the drug is within the fog, which was released by pressure pads buried in the ground. You step on them, you release the fog, therefore releasing the drug. It's quite brilliant, really. But terrifying.
"There's some cake in the fridge, just don't eat it all."
"But I do. I really do. I'm not - I'm more different than most people. The doctors call it autism, but I like to just call it unique."
"Will do. Goodbye, John."
John would tell him how much he missed him, what he had been up to that day, what he had eaten; just small things that any other person would find boring, but not Sherlock. Sherlock was interested in everything John did.
“That was me saying that I love you, too.”
He pointed to the green beans, corn, peas, and lastly, a nice big chicken leg. His mother packed his plate, making sure that absolutely nothing touched, then went about making plates for everyone else.
"Months?!"
John has been alone this entire time, talking to himself, reading to himself. He leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands, and wept. He was completely, and utterly, alone.
He lead the way out into the kitchen and to the fridge. Opening the freezer, he took out a piece of ice.
Sherlock huffed. "I can't find my other sock."
Mycroft straitened himself. "Of course."
I sound like some lovestruck fool, but I'm not. It's just - this might be my first and actual real friend, and I don't want to chase him away with my being too clever. I don't want him to see me as a freak. I want him to see me as
John couldn't help but cry a little bit. He knew he was everything to Sherlock, but he never really understood that he was literally
John got mistaken as my date today, which was quite amusing. He denied it, but I said nothing because it was fun to watch him squirm about it. He then asked me later if I had a girlfriend or boyfriend, which was quite odd. Or is that a normal question to ask someone you've only just met a few hours ago? I don't know, I don't know how normal people interact.
Sherlock smiled. "I love you, too."
“I heard more than talking,” John looked down at his feet.
Sherlock wasn't eating, nor was he even touching his food. He was staring at it, his expression one of distress.
"I already said yes."
He can’t. He can’t. He can’t.
“I love you.”
I told John that I don't have friends, and he said 'I wonder why'. I know why. I'm repulsive, ignorant, arrogant, dismissive, heartless, etcetera. If I ever met myself, I wouldn't want to be around me. I honestly don't understand why John stays, I really don't. But I'm glad that he does, even when I am having bad days or acting some way or another. It's so very like John; giving everyone a chance. Forgiving so easily; I don't get how he can do that. Then again, he is ordinary. But not in a bad way.
John just stared up at the man, the ghost, the allusion. “No,” he shook his head again. “No, you are alive, you are here. This is real.”
Sherlock bounced on his feet. "Yes!"
"Alright. Everyone is excited to meet you. Oh! If you feel intimidated by my brother, tell him that you like his suit. It usually softens him up and he starts to talk about the tailors and whatnot. He usually doesn't come with us, but he's taken a day off of work to meet you. Like I said, you're my first ever friend, so they're rather intrigued by you."
Would Sherlock want him to do this? No. Absolutely not. God no.
I have to go now, we're on a case. I don't know why I announce my leave to you, a journal, but it feels right to do so. Until later.
After uni, Sherlock went on to be the best scientist in London, while John went on to be the best doctor. They moved in together at 221B Baker Street after Sherlock mentioned the lovely landlady, Mrs. Hudson. He told John all about what she got up to in her younger years and how her husband ran a cartel. He also told John that she used to be his babysitter at one point.
John sits back down in his chair and turns on the telly to drown out the noise.
he thought.
"I know my leaving upset you," John began, "and I'm sorry for that. I know how much it must have hurt. But there are other ways you could have dealt with it."
In Sherlock’s mind, he hadn't thought that he was doing anything wrong; he only thought that he had been making a gift for John. Now that they weren't speaking, however, Sherlock began to feel guilty, and sad, and miserable.
He got out of bed and picked up the box and letter as he made his way over to the door. Opening it as quietly as he could, he began sneaking his way out into the hallway and up the stairs to John’s room.
Then Sherlock remembered they were just practicing. Faking. It probably meant nothing to John, but it had flicked some switch inside of Sherlock.
“Sherlock, calm down,” he tried to speak in a calm and collected tone, but watching Sherlock, he got scared just a bit.
Sherlock sat on his bed now, staring at the pile of clothing he had destroyed. He got up and made his way over to them, sitting down on the floor and pulling them onto his lap. He sighed and pulled out the sewing needle and thread he had in his jacket pocket. Might as well finish what you started, he told himself. He then got to work.
“You don’t have to be here,” he whispered. His throat felt dry and itchy from not having anything to drink in a while.
For three days.
"Then I can't wait to meet him."
That is, up until he met John.
Their honeymoon was spent inside the walls of 221B Baker Street. Sherlock had said that he didn't care where they went, so long as he was with his husband. John agreed, and so they had spent their entire job-free week in the flat.
Sherlock was shocked when they scurried off, mumbling insults under their breath. The other kid held his hand out for Sherlock to take, to which he gladly accepted.
"Oi, leave him alone!"
Mycroft stood and picked up Sherlock, placing him on his hip.
What if he doesn't fit in?
Tomorrow is John’s birthday and Sherlock is honestly dreading it now. He’s not sure if John will want to spend any part of the day with him. He’s not sure if John will even acknowledge him anymore.
"Well why not?"
John laughed.
"One moment."
Their parents hugged him and made arrangements for him to go to Mycroft's old high school.
“You already know our plan, don’t you?”
John shook his head slightly in response.
Victor shook his head and fixed his eyes on Sherlock. “We have stuff we need to talk about. You said your room is down this hall?”
But neither came; instead, someone was walking towards him, and John didn't even have to look up to know that it was Mycroft; he brought that damned umbrella everywhere, which is why it always gave him away.
Sherlock hummed. “Hmm, yes, but you’re not glad that it isn’t with
"Have you been teaching him that?"
he doesn’t like it.
John blushed. "Well not really," he said.
Mycroft just sighs and shakes his head as he leads John in a certain direction. Upon their arrival to John’s new room, Mycroft cleared his throat.
"Well, I am happy that you had a nice time."
Well today was quite amusing. John called with a case, which I still have to look deeper into as it is quite frustrating. Mycroft called with a case, as well; or rather, he had his men sent to my flat to pick me up. I was annoyed with him from the day before, so I refused to get dressed and showed up in Buckingham Palace in nothing but a sheet.
John looked at Sherlock as he lay in bed, motionless. Sherlock was too scared to move.
. Which, I guess now that I look back on it, I sort of was, I suppose. But he said he already had plans with a girl from work, which is never a good idea, John. I won't say that I didn't feel dejected, because I did. But John can live his life the way he wishes, and if that is going on a date with a girl
Mycroft would chase Sherlock all over the grounds. Eventually, it turned into a race. Whoever found the most treasure would get two desserts after dinner. Mycroft, of course, knew where everything was, but it always made him happy to see Sherlock shout with joy as he found whatever was hidden, so he would always go looking elsewhere so that his brother would find everything.
"After they release you," Mycroft responded.
He hung up.
"I had the best time," he chirped.
When his mother arrived, Sherlock calmed down immediately.
"Open the bag," Sherlock said softly. The medic tried to pull Sherlock aside, but Sherlock protested. "Open the bloody bag!" He clenched his hands into fists, hoping to whatever God there be out there that this was just some stranger that happened to die near where he lived.
Sherlock moved to stand in front of the mirror hung above their chairs. He adjusted his pirate hat and fake parrot, grinning a little at the old memories this brought back.
I don’t think anyone cares, though. If I could stop all of this then I would, but I don’t know how. It’s not easy having your brain go 100 miles per hour in thought. Never stopping to rest; sometimes I go days without sleeping, eating, or even using the bathroom. I just don’t know how to stop it.
Once they arrived, they re-adjusted their costumes and headed inside.
John wouldn't really consider Mike a close friend, as they hadn't spoken in years, but he does consider him a good one. Otherwise, he would have asked him. But, he felt a lot closer to Lestrade than anyone else, so he felt comfortable with his decision.
John stood and walked over to Sherlock. He placed his hands on either side of Sherlock's face, his thumbs caressing the soft, pale skin.
He assumed that John would be happy to see him. He didn’t expect for him to shut him out of his life completely.
John pulled Sherlock into a hug and squeezed him as tight as he could. "Of course," he whispered.
Sherlock looked at John. “More or less, yes.”
He can’t stand it.
The fog messed with my head, making me believe that Moriarty was there with us, but it wasn't him, it was Frankland. The moment we - I - figured it all out, Frankland began to run. We all ran after him, but he jumped a fence right into the mine field, thus blowing himself up. I had never seen something happen like that before, so I was a bit startled; but John, I'm sure, has seen it a thousand times and more.
The Doctor looked down and shook his head. "If I do all of London would disappear. The T.A.R.D.I.S; she, well, she over-lapsed. Meaning if I were to take you back to your time, at this exact place, at the exact time that we left, nothing would be here but you and me. And this old brood." He pointed to the T.A.R.D.I.S. "I am sorry, though. I am so, so sorry." He walked closer to Sherlock and placed a hand on his shoulder.
John grinned and pulled him close once more. “Sentiment is what got us together, love. Now come on, let’s go home and get you washed up, yeah?”
As we get back to Baskerville, I sent John into the lab we toured when we first arrived. I watched him on camera in the security room for a moment before playing a recording of a growling beast into one of the microphones. John scrambles to get out, but I had locked all of the doors. After another moment of watching John panic I make my way into the lab to come to his rescue. I tell him that we have all been drugged, then proceed to examine the sugar I used in John's coffee.
His mother wiped at her eyes. "I remember falling in love," she grinned.
Sherlock looked at John's body over Mrs. Hudson's shoulder and shook, and wept, and regretted.
. That makes me happy. Nothing else has ever made me truly happy than having someone tell me that it’s okay to be the way that I am.
When he is sad
“Sherlock, are you ready? The Halloween party starts in twenty minutes.”
I’m at Green Park. - SH
I was trying to explain what I was doing, but you would hear none of it. I understand.
Sherlock slowly wrapped his arms around John's shoulders. His body shook with silent sobs.
“Where are you going with this?”
“Right. Well, if you’re not adverse to the idea, I could teach you? It would help to, erm, convince them?”
He turned serious now. "Sherlock, I need to tell you something."
"I want to understand why you did it, and why you think that drugs were the best resort to sorting yourself out."
John listens with rapt attention, becoming more and more interested in bees along the way. He can't help but smile as Sherlock goes on and on about them. He's never seen someone so passionate about something in his life.
what it’s like?”
"Come on, I'll grab us a slice we can share while we watch Bond."
“Gladly.”
“I never left, John.”
A week later I follow John to a warehouse where I also found Miss Adler, who then talks to John privately. I stay hidden in the shadows because I don't want her to know that I know she is alive, but her text announced my presence. I left without a single word to either of them and headed back to Baker Street, where I then found out that the same Americans who interrupted us last time had broken in and taken Mrs. Hudson as hostage upstairs.
“John, I can explain-” He was cut off with a dead glare.
“Come home with me.”
“How much did you put in, then?”
"I invited him to come with us to Uncle Rudy's, is that okay? I told him about the bees and how I had one named John, and he said he's never seen bees in person because his father won't let him do anything with his spare time. I don't think I like his father much. Can he come? Please please please?"
John's face lit up. "Sounds like fun, mate."
They stood together and made their way into the dining room to eat.
