“Then I don’t care! Let’s gank ‘em and go before they can fuck up anyone elses life. Meet me at the Impala in five.”
“But they sort of… I mean. They do that a lot.” In the time he’s known Dean and Cas (as in, a duo, in the same room together) they’ve had an understanding. A knowing of each other that runs deeper than any fissure could crack. A sort of mutual trust that whatever happens, they’d work it out. It was… sort of comforting. Especially in the face of the world as Kevin now saw it. Dean could absolutely still be a bitch, though.
“Hey, hon!” The waitress says, appearing out of nowhere at his elbow. Cas starts and some of his coffee spills. “Can I get you anything else? We’re about to get our shipment of produce— monster grapefruits the size of your head!”
“Oh. Yeah.” He stops, fingers twisting in the sheet, “What— what are you doing? You need a hand? Sam and I can be down where you’re at in—“
“Maybe he had something to do?” Kevin frowns. “Isn’t he normally kinda stiff? I thought that was an angel thing.”
It’s on a hunt. Brutal and sickening in ways Dean really didn't think he’d be shocked by anymore. That is, until they wandered into a cabin in the woods and found one of the missing mothers trying to pull what was left of her son's spine out of his neck so she could mount it on the pike properly. She hadn't been alone. There were at least seven other women cheering her on, singing in haunting harmonies while blood crept up their arms. Dean wasn't alone either, and he wasn't going to forget the look on Castiel's face as long as he lived. Which, barring any more miracles, wouldn’t be that long.
He scrubs the back of his hand across his mouth. He wads up some toilet paper and cleans off his wrist.
Dean shrugs and shakes his head, shoving his hands into his pockets. “Nah. He didn’t come out there.” He turns back to Jack. “Point is. Let me know when you’re good to talk, okay?”
“Hey, food,” Sam says, knocking Kevin on the shoulder. Too hard, which he probably doesn’t realize. Kevin follows Sam’s gesture to where he’s pointing, at a weird colourful van on cinder blocks that Kevin had somehow failed to notice, even though it’s covered in flashing carnival lights and sweeping round font that declares it ‘Sammy’s Souvlaki’.
Dean stands in the bathroom. He’s been in so many quiet rooms lately, just standing. Trying to absorb. Trying to understand.
And Dean storms out of the room. The yellow florescents seemed to flicker with his rage and frustration. Sam rubbed his forehead, letting out a deep sigh in the empty space.
It starts in a diner, unassuming. Sam glued to his laptop and Cas gazing out the window like he does. Sometimes Dean wonders if he can see stuff they can’t—well, he knows he can, but he wonders what that stuff is. What lurks on the outside edges of his gaze in ways Cas is familiar with? In ways Dean can't even casually daydream about?
“How about some music,” Dean says, and before either of them can speak up in defense of their eardrums, Led Zeppelin is blasting through speakers Dean relentlessly fixes every time they fail.
He sits and he stares at his hands. What used to be Jimmy’s hands. Sits and looks at red fingertips and the edge of his coat. Wherever Cas is still has snow on the ground, somewhere far north. It’s late for snow.
It’s a short drive to the Denny’s. They don’t go often, because of Sam’s distaste of the whole concept of grease and breakfast food if it isn't mandatory. Dean, obviously, does not have the same problem and Jack is right there with him.
Dean’s soul and Cas’ grace were already… well acquainted. Grabbing the soul of a struggling righteous man with a knife and teeth–who hadn't felt a kind touch in forty years–was a dangerous undertaking.
Abruptly, Cas takes back his coat. He pulls it from Dean's hands where it was bundled with his own. Cas slips out of his suit jacket. Unrolls himself from the soaking blood and running brains. Folds the overcoat inside the suit to keep his shirt clean as he carries it. Dean feels the night air worm its way up his back, trace along the divot of his spine.
“Are we taking Kevin? Since he is actually student age?” Sam asks with a pointed glance at Dean’s wrinkles.
So anyway i hope yall had fun come hang out w me on tumblr @dragqueendean. Big shout out to my betas who are like five whole people at this point. you have my heart.
It was some kind of spell. The chant that had been echoing around the forest. It had been too spooky to not be magic. And it had infected them both. Drove them to– something unthinkable.
“Right. Rowdy.” Dean grins and slams his fist into his hand. “Didn’t figure out how to crack the whip, huh? ‘If you can hear me clap once’—“
Vomit gushes out of Cas the instant he hangs up. He’s gripping the side of the bowl, and he hears the phone hit the peeling linoleum somewhere to the side of him. Not cracking, hopefully. But the phone is cheap and the floor is close and it feels like someone has a hold of his vessel and is trying to force
Sam wanted to spend the night at the motel they already paid for, but Dean needs to drive. After heading back to the motel to grab their bags, he drags Sammy out to the Impala. The big baby rubbing at his eyes and complaining, words already slurring a little.
“Would you hug me more often? I like it. It makes me feel loved.” Dean lets out a huff that’s trying to be sarcastic, but he wraps Jack up in a second hug in as many minutes.
Sam raises his eyebrows, but doesn’t comment, and Kevin sits at the lone picnic table. The wood is weather battered to the point of feeling like driftwood, and it has all kinds of pockmarks and divots. Names carved in and sharpie doodles of crude penises. The damp of the wood soaks into his jeans as he watches Sam make small talk with the man serving them their meal. It’s weird that he doesn’t look uncomfortable, until Kevin remembers that this is how Sam was raised. Stopping at weird cursed little restaurants and farmers’ stands older than the roads they are pitched against. This was more real to Sam Winchester than a little two story house and soccer practises and juice boxes.
He stops singing abruptly and pockets the change, coming to a stop beside his brother. He holds his now empty hand out for his chicken gyro and fries, which Sam passes over wordlessly.
He’s nearly at his stomach now. Cas looks into himself, and inhales. Carrying this thing inside him, he feels like a satchel not yet turned to leather. Like a thing built to hold. Cracked vessel that can still carry water. The clay inside rotting and poisoning.
“I… kissed you awake, Cas.” Cas glances at him a moment. Then goes to the paper towel dispenser, drying his hands. Dean waits as Cas throws out the crumpled ball and starts heading for the door.
Jacks looking like he’s holding the most fragile and precious bird egg in his hands, face so open and awed. “A Winchester.”
The weight of that crushes him for a while. How it would feel to finally lean in. Close that tumultuous and trembling distance between them. Only to have it cemented that Cas never loved him like that. That some random guy with his abs out and face cropped from the photo had more pull and attraction than Dean ever could.
The music pumps through the Impala and out through the shorn fields. The car felt like a ripple of movement through the still wet-grey of the land around them, leaving a wake to the tune of ‘When the Levee Breaks’.
He shakes his head once, sharp. Turns back to Sam. “Listen. I’m just saying you’re always spouting stuff about this and… and gay people, and stuff, and you’re probably way better equipped—“
Dean feels his mind screeching as he marches down the hallway, seething. He had kissed Cas and the man had woken up. Dean wipes the back of his hand against his mouth.
“What reason did I have to believe it woulda worked,” he bites out— a question, but not one. He turns and heads out the door. “Come eat. Jack’s been worried sick.”
Someone was retching. Dean felt his throat ache in sympathy as he rushes over to the only closed stall. He knocks on the door and hears a groan. Cas. Dean jiggles the handle.
of them. He had sat for an hour and a half while a woman preached about the ‘nuance of attraction’ and could hardly parse any of it. Terms flew at him at the speed of light. Definitions skipped over with the understanding the class could keep up.
“You must be hungry.” Cas blinks at Dean’s assertion. “It’s— I mean— You’ve been out two whole days. Almost three. You must be thirsty, too.”
Cas’s fingers catch on his, tumble into them. Warm and thick, they roll over the hand trying to brush the tie clean. Dean feels
They arrive at the cabin. Dean can’t even make a joke, the terror and the hunger biting at him— through him. He’s so aware of Cas breathing jagged beside him. Electric and winded in ways he doesn’t need to be.
“Old news,” she says sharply, before reminding herself again she’s speaking with law enforcement. “I mean. Uh. Thank you.” A pause. “Officer.”
“Awe, look at him.” Sam says, voice overly and performatively fond, clearly not taken in by Dean's sleeping act and wanting to rub his nose in it. “Like an angel when he sleeps.”
Cas looks at him and there’s strands of the expression around his eyes… that empty-needing-filled that Dean could now truly recognize from when he first pulled back from kissing him.
He exists huge and sprawling, but he feels the pinprick of sand rubbing his grace incorrectly and knows that something has just come into being that should not have. His and Dean’s baby.
Dean lets his calloused finger brush up against the tugging skin, rough against rough, weathered against weathered. Skin against skin.
She wilts a little. Hm. He smiles toothily at her and she bounces back, energy back up to the top, curls bouncing around her face.
Dean sits on the bed. He picks up Cas’ hand again, runs his thumb over the knuckles, leans his forehead against the flat of the first row and presses a kiss between the first and second fingers. Another kiss, slightly higher. A third on the back of his hand.
“Yeah. Absolutely. Yes.” Dean nods, still a little off-balance. “Where would you like to—?” He makes a vague hand gesture. Jack gets it.
That is, he pushes his dick into Cas and fucks him against the tree without mercy or slowing. Cas almost yanks his hair out and Dean is practically drooling with it, mouth open and frantic— painting wet into the thick muscle just before Cas’ shoulder, ruining the angel’s dress shirt.
to them.” Kevin sounds so much like Sam saying this that Dean almost feels his head spin. ”But you know, maybe
There’s an impression of a sound from Cas’ end of the line--a car door closing, maybe, distant, not nearby. Castiel clears his throat.
“Okay. Well.” She turned back to the board and started talking about ‘compulsory heterosexuality’ and ‘toxic masculinity’ and ‘societal expectations’ and a million other things that had Dean struggling not to think about Lisa and the life he tried to paint with her, numbers all wrong for the colours that came in his set.
“What about when you have a lot of sex with women but it has never ever felt as good or profound as the
“Driver picks the music, Dean.” With an element of mocking sing-song that Dean is too tired to deal with right now. He grunts and Sam puts his music on speaker for the whole car to be subjected to, tinny sound quality and all. Dean glances at the rearview mirror and Cas looks away from him quickly.
They haven’t moved from the brightdark clearing; night fencing them in. But the noises of the wild are pushing around them, free and without consequence. Dean feels drunk. He can tell his pupils are blown wide and dark, trying to catch every hint of movement from Cas. His eyes feel itchy and heavy, the weight of his eyelashes pulls his blinks slow. He breathes and wants Cas closer, so he goes to him.
Sam reaches over and shakes him ‘awake’ fifteen minutes later, Dean pretends to be grumpy and newly conscious. Jack trots Cas into the restaurant, his father’s hand still clasped tightly in his fingers. It clicks then, walking across the rain wet tarmac, just how scared Jack had been for Cas. They haven’t had a chance to be a family yet, something always going wrong at the last minute.
Dean’s mouth ticks upward in the rearview mirror. Kevin feels a little moment of warmth he decides not to look at too closely.
“Oh, I like that!” Jack is laughing with enough joy that Dean realizes he has just doomed himself to forty years of being called ‘Momma’. He can’t find it in himself to resent that.
Cas confessed this to Dean after he got out of his long-awaited shower. He murmured the words into Dean’s skin, clean and feeling like new. Dean laughed along and made a promise to never make Cas doubt Dean’s love for their son ever again.
Stole directly from that one tweet: “i’ve been asking my 6 year old nephew how i could take better care of him. And it took a couple conversations and finally he said “I would like more hugs cause it makes me feel loved” like... YOU GOT IT AND IM SORRY”
The woman’s name is Abigail Themus and her son’s name was Peter. He had been named Peter, at some juncture, in some hospital, by someone who (theoretically) loved him. Pieces of him are strewn across the floor, strings of muscle hanging from the joints like an unravelled sweater. Skin doesn’t rip clean, like hitting the wrapping paper in the exact way with a pair of scissors, or tearing cloth along the selvedge. It rips jagged; elastic snapped— taut and breaking along invisible tension points.
Sam had already left the room key for Dean on the table by the door, and who was Dean to disappoint?
“Dean. I’m not subtle. And I’m not ashamed. You were the kiss that woke me for a reason. But I don’t have any expectations of you— and frankly it would be a very bad idea to try anything with you.”
He pulls out the pocket knife Dean gave him once, a hundred years ago or yesterday. His fingers brush up against the smooth black effigy in the same pocket.
“The Prophet, Kevin Tran.” One of a slew of numbers Dean had rattled off to her, saying there were always people to call for information. And last she’d heard, Kevin was tagging along with Dean and Sam on hunts. So he probably could get in touch with Dean, who could pray Castiel over or something. But if he was close to her in age, he probably wouldn’t answer his phone either.
, thought bringing him one might help. It seemed like it was doing just the opposite— instead of dragging him out of his funk with any element of a ‘get ‘er done’ attitude Dean was just careening deeper into asshole territory.
All Dean can think about is the electric tingle of where he had elbowed Cas, and how the man is breathing beside him.
Sam squeezes his shoulder, once. Rough and solid. Dean tries so hard not to notice which shoulder it is. How Sam’s fingers fit against what used to be there, what had once branded him, pink and raised against his skin.
It was the same feeling now. Only instead of not getting a notification, Cas would die. The stakes were a
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean says, voice cracked down the middle, just like the table. He stands up. There’s a moment of awkward shuffling with Des, whose warm eyes have cooled off significantly. “Number three special, side of bacon. Please.”
Cas yanks three layers of shirts off Dean’s shoulders and tugs them down his arms, unweildy and awkard, but incredibly fucking hot.
“Right. Busy,” Sam says, shooting Dean a look full of younger-brother resentment. “I think the normal rule applies, Kev— life or death situations.”
it— and he treated you and Sam the way he did because he wasn’t strong enough to be humble.To be truly loving. To be kind as well as your father.”
Inward, the thing resembles more a soul than not a soul. More a formed thing than not a thing. And in his vessel, cells that don’t belong to Jimmy Novak have doubled their number. Not that they have belonged to Jimmy Novak in some time. Not that he is clear now, or ever has been, on if a body is truly
Sam’s fingers flex and his hand finally falls off Dean's shoulder. “That wasn’t what I was thinking.”
. Tears start coming. Dean can’t help it, feels them shove their way out into the air, cooling against his hot cheeks as they pour. Fuck.
Gore has collected under his fingernails. Crusted as time goes on. As he slowly, methodically, disembowels himself. He wonders, absently, still in the rhythm of the moment, what physical manifestation Dean’s child will take.
“I’m driving,” Sam says, no room for argument in his tone and heading Dean off at the pass before he can even protest. “You haven't slept in days, Dean.” He gets up and starts heading for the front door. He pauses to smack Cas on the back, grin stretching across his face. “Good to have you back, Cas.”
He had yelled at Jack. He had been ready to kill Jack. Kill himself. Blow the whole world to pieces.
Dean screenshotted the bio and deleted the app off his phone. Then he stripped and scrubbed and tried not to throw up.
catch in his throat, flare through him in a way it shouldn't. Has no damn right to. That Dean has never asked for.
If they pulled each other up hand over hand, wrecking everyone’s shit on the way out the door. Something about that image catches hold of him; Dean and Cas, Cas and Dean, strong and lethal and
“Yeah.” He waves his hand at the door again, starting to feel like one of those used car lot inflatable men, limbs akimbo. “A total murderer looking guy just bolted that way. And not like— the regular murderer-looking people who come in.”
“You good, Dean?” Sam says, laughter still curling in his voice, lurking like a camera shy sea monster.
Jack gasps a little. Inhales the pancake wrong. He’s already finished two since Dean came back inside. A man after his own heart. Nephil? Kid.
magic item will have a spot on his bedside table that looks the exact same as when Dean dragged it in there months ago.
Dean rolls his eyes, seems to mouth the word ‘coven’. Kevin slumps lower in his seat, watching empty countryside flying past the window. Something people who don’t hunt probably don’t get, or think about, is that America is very wide, and very empty. And so much of hunting is sitting in a car with guys you’d probably die for, but personally can’t stand that much.
“Spell was making me want to kill you. Best solution: get you outta there.” Dean climbs into the car, probably as a means to end the conversation, the way he always tries to when he’s decided to play “dad” and make all the calls with zero justification. But honestly, it’s late, Sam’s tired, the cultists are taken care of. Cas wouldn’t lie, and Dean doesn’t have a reason to. Sam slides into the passenger seat with a sigh.
It quiet for a few moments as Jack’s footfalls fade and the snapping of twigs dies down. The birds have started to slowly sing again when Cas finally opens his mouth.
He rubs at his face. It’s still oily, he hadn’t even thought of showering before they came out in public. He must look horrifying. Their poor waitress must have been scared shitless.
“The tie.” Cas sounds wrecked. Timbre heavy and rolling, a boulder dragged along a riverbed. “It’s ruined.”
“So why not witches!” Dean smacked the war room table, thumping Bulgaria soundly. It was as much for emphasis as his real frustration leaking through into physicality.
Dean winces and hits the ground beside him, not giving his bad knees a thought until they protest under him. His puts his hand on Cas’ back and the guy
A horn honks, breaking him out of his thoughts, and he realizes he’s wandered into a parking lot. One of the countless rectangular buildings that dot suburban landscapes. In this case, a Wal-Mart. Light from the glass front doors floods out onto the wet pavement. He’s drawn in.
Dean folds the trench and puts it in his lap. He leaves his hand on Cas’ back, shirt a thin barrier between their skin.
“You want me to fuck you, Dean?” Cas drags his fingers up Dean’s arm. Dean feels his lids lower. He maintains eye contact with Cas and nods, slow. Deliberate.
Sam twists, frustration and disbelief turning his face to one full of wrinkles and contrariness. “He’s
The room is silent again, but he can hear Cas shifting in the bed, and it’s one of the best sounds he’s heard in a long time.
Henry gestures helplessly to the garbage can down the hall. It has the lid off, presumably because Dennis was about to change the bags before Henry spilled his cold brew. Dennis wheels the bucket down the hall, the left side squeaking as he goes. He looks over the edge and pauses.
Would one twist of his pale purple intestines reveal an underbelly of glittering black pearls like fish eggs, swelling and heavy after being fertilized? Angel caviar? Ripe for scraping? To be scooped up on one of those ridiculous tiny spoons and hand fed to Dean, who— as always— is
“Dean.” Sam doesn’t continue and Dean marches away. Sam lets him and he hears the door jingle after he enters and slides into the booth. He sits beside Cas on instinct, boxing him in against the window.
A twig drifts to the ground at his feet. The leaves are round and oval. Dean picks it up. The very touch of it slices his palm to ribbons. The blood flows and flows and flows. It puddles at his feet.
Maybe all Dean would need to do was keep him in the dark about the other kisses not working. Then they wouldn't have to have an awkward conversation about who felt what for who and who… didn't.
Normally he’d settle those things with a hunt. But Sam thinks they don’t even know what specifically they’re hunting (it was pretty obviously witches) so Dean couldn’t really count on a good session of kicking the shit out of something. Sam was being overly cautious about the whole thing. Since when had it been important to know the exact flavour of the monster they were killing before they set out? Having a home base had spoiled him.
“What emoji—?” Sam stops talking, gears in his head making audible thunking noises against his thick skull. Dean feels panic rising in his throat. “Wait. How do you know—?”
But coiling them up feels wrong. Wronger still— leaving them in some sort of pile, loose and squiggling. So, he tugs. He pauses. He loops. He knots.
He had waited ‘till they were done the hunt, high on leftover adrenaline and the buzz of Cas’ healing miracle still cruising through his veins. He’d opened his Tinder account, meaning to blow off this steam in a way he had practised, a way he had down to an art. A way he knew. A way expected of him.
“Cas is just being Cas,” he snaps. Sam doesn’t think that’s ever been true. But he’s known Dean long enough that he doesn’t bother pushing the issue.
The men’s washroom door has already swung shut behind him when Dean wonders if maybe he should have just waited at the table. Sam would have probably broken down completely if Dean had tried to say anything. And Dean wasn’t prepared to spend an hour sitting next to Cas, dead silent while—
Where the branches of the willow reach the ground and brush against the grass in any wind, Harris is picking up half-rotted pop bottles and crumpled Mcdonalds bags. It’s strange to find them so far from the Mcdonalds. More strange, however, is the dude sitting on the bench closest to them.
“Yeah! I fucking know! I was apologizing to him! I should never have done any of that! It was fucked up of me! I treated Jack like shit! You think I don’t know that? I don’t want to ever make him feel like that again. I don’t want to be like—“
And isn’t that the problem, huh. He snorts to himself. The burden of the driver's seat. The responsibility of the ten car pile-up; his and Cas’ friendship the only smoking corpse casualty.
Not anymore. Not again. Everyone would stay alive and together and Dean would die to keep that true. He’d give his life for Jack without being asked. But then again, John had done that same thing.
“I kissed him, he woke up, all he did was yell at me for not trying it earlier.” Dean keeps his voice inflection free, emotionless.
,” he growls. Dean sees stars. Almost fully whites out. He has to take a second to gather himself. Breathe and let his fingers shake a moment before pushing one up against Cas’ entrance, rolling and experimental.
In the booth with the family, one of the children misses their plate, spraying ketchup across the table. The parents scramble for napkins. The baby laughs, although Castiel wonders how much of this it even understands. The laugh is bright against the scraping of silverware and murmur of people anyway.
Cas pulls back after, breathing harsh through his nose. Somehow the light is exactly the same, and they are still surrounded by spring greens. It felt like the kiss lasted years.
. Twists--it’s like the feeling of a knife invading his body but without the pain of torn flesh, instead it’s just something out of place, badly so, something moving that shouldn’t move, that isn’t supposed to be there in the first place.
She groans and rubs her face, exhausted. This hunt had already taken it out of her. She had been excited about a long, hot shower. But now it looks like she’s going to have to call her father’s corpse thief and demand to know why he’s scattering his innards all over the East Coast.
“Dean. Listen, we’ll figure out a way to get him back. We always do. That true love shit is a bunch of bull, anyway. Anyone with eyes can see how Cas—“
Kevin stays quiet, but he covers his eyes a moment and then looks out the car window. As if Dean cares what Kevin thinks of his whole charade. The ‘girls fall at my feet’ thing was getting old, seeing as the entire time they lived together Dean hadn’t got laid once.
“Sam was kidding,” Cas says to Jack, patient. Informative. Dean felt his mouth tighten, gut twisting. Jack nods, still looking at the table. The plastic top had cracked where Jack was sitting— water damage from condensation on decades of peoples’ cups. The plywood underneath was chipping away. Jack digs his fingernail into it.
It’s some sort of Greek cult thing. Cas and Sam correct him in haunting unison that the Bacchic cults have just as much Roman history but Dean couldn’t care less.
Dean hates that brutality that lurks in him. That had been fostered by their father and urged to grow and fester. And Cas knew that, had seen the hatred and the guilt and the resentment that gushes forth when he gives into those urges.
He curls into the seat, back to the rest of the car. Pillows his head against his arm and the window, trying to find a position that doesn’t slam his skull into the cold glass.
Sam came stumbling back into the room, then; lack of sleep sitting heavy on his shoulders. He hands one of the little, easy to peel oranges to Jack and a bowl of healthy cereal, the kind with nut clusters. He puts down a couple slices of buttered toast wrapped in a napkin beside Dean on the bedside table without pausing too long on it. Dean makes no move toward the pile of bread.
Cas huffs and looks away a moment before turning back and meeting Dean’s eyes. “It’s a lot about Jack, yes. It’s also about not experimenting with your sexuality by using  someone who's in love with you.”
. In himself and in all other humans. Including his brother, including Cas; human on technicality or no.
“How’d class go, teach?” Dean asks, not thinking about not thinking. He leans on the side of Baby, sun-warmed with her black paint. Kevin sits inside, pouting. Dean continues to ignore him.
Because it isn’t true, but it is massively more tangible than the thing that is happening, unbidden, inside his grace.
“Mhm.” Jack nods, “Should I call you something different?” He cranes his body around to make eye contact with Dean, “So I don’t mix all of you up? Three dads is a lot of ‘dad’s. Maybe Sam will want something else too!”
The worst part isn’t the taste of bile or how raw his throat is, the way it feels like swallowing glass.
Cas sits up in bed, like Dean has been begging for the last two days. Dean has shoved himself up against the far wall. Cas’ mouth is still shiny.
Sometimes, when he went from hearing a million things all at once to a quiet place, the last words he had heard echoed around in his head. Bounced back and forth, reverberating in his empty ears.
He catches a glimpse of khaki coat and it registers in him that Cas is fighting at his side, terrible and beautiful. Dean wonders if maybe, years ago, this was how they clawed out of hell together.
While the suspension of the Impala obviously leaves a lot to be desired (it’s from the fucking sixties) the bench seats are actually pretty nice. Dangerous, but dying in a car crash is a comparatively soft way to go. All things considered.
Jack nods, the same severity that was in his voice now in his actions. His eyes are dancing. Sam rolls his again. Dean heads out to find Cas.
He’s standing in front of a paddock. There are low rolling mountains in the background. Not the grey and purple kind with snow— the brown sort, with different vegetation and textures crawling up the sides. Layers of rock and tall grasses streaking across it like scars. It’s night, but as bright as noon. His eyes drift over the midnight baby-blue sky, northern lights spilling across it like neon bar signs. The eyes land back on the paddock. There is a collection of horses, manes shorn short so they stand vertical and proud. They all have their heads lowered.
“It’s more than that, Cas. I want you. I need you because I want you. I’ll ask you every day to stay with me. ‘Cause I need you here. ‘Cause I want you here. It would never be an experiment with you, Cas. I know what I want. I’ve known what I want for months. Wanted you years before I knew it. It’s you. With me. For as long as you want to be there.”
“It seems like it’s… kind of urgent, probably,” he tells Dean, and then watches his knuckles go tight on the wheel.
About putting a faceless photo up, some shitty throw away pick up line in his bio. About swiping right on Cas and seeing if they matched. And what would happen afterward. What he’d say. What he’d do. The idea of sitting by the phone and waiting had dissuaded him.
“You should run that by him,” Dean smiles, “As for me… whatever you want, kiddo.” He snorts, “You could call me Momma and I wouldn't have a problem.”
it off, and then he reaches for Cas, and he pulls his coat off too. And Cas just looks at him, blank. Or not blank. That evaluating look all angels have, like they’re tallying up the sins against the good deeds, with that extra Cas flavor, like he’s never seen a face before, and he wants to know it inside and out.
The stall door swings open. Cas is on the floor, breathing heavily. He’s got his coat half ripped off and tie yanked loose. His eyes look hazy but angry. Pissed off at the world and his fate and the bile that he leans back over the toilet to pour out of himself.
.” Dean bites out, grabbing the sponge and forcing some of the pent up energy into scrubbing the dishes where it swirled down the drain with the rest of the gunk.
“Dad?” She hates the little wobble in her voice, which no amount of leather jackets and bad eyeliner seem to cover up.
a MILF sex cult, that would be too easy. That’s a world that nobody, no matter how righteous, gets to live in.
The waitress— ‘Des’ her nametag reads— waits patiently for him. Well, she does for a full three seconds before turning to the more functional people at the table.
Jack laces his fingers together and rocks back and forth on his feet a little, toe to heel. “Would you… could I ask you..?”
“Evidence points in that direction, Dean. Yes.” Cas bites back, matching Dean’s energy and stepping to meet him, stopping a couple of inches from Dean’s face. “I know it’s a harrowing image for you—“
The next beat hits. He came back from an unsatisfying shower with the vague intent of calling Cas, lost his nerve and texted instead. But it’s been an hour, and no reply, same as the last three texts he sent. Could be he’s in trouble. Or he just doesn’t want to talk. Dean’s trying to figure why he’s so hung up about it. Why he doesn’t just dial Cas like he would anyone else.
When the heaving slows down, and he spits bile into the water for what feels like it must (it has to) be the final time, he slides down so he’s lying on the floor. What would Dean do, in this situation? He’s generally gruff, defiant in the face of injury, affronted almost, which is interesting for a man whose life is so filled with death and bodily harm. He can be gentle, though. With Sam. Maybe even with Cas. He thinks of a motel room somewhere else, in the wrong time, and a hand on his arm. Firm, but still, it was supporting him. Dragging him to the bed.
“Uh. Can you do some kinda. Angel laundry?” Dean tries, gesturing to his discarded jacket. His voice comes out rougher than he expected. Cas is closer than he realized. He doesn’t stand this close anymore, but he used to. He used to stand so close that Dean could stumble and--
She does a little pose after, cupping her chin and blinking her eyes quite quickly. Cas looks at her.
“Not really.” Cas says, dry. Sammy laughs and Dean ignores the lump in his throat. It might not be a dig, Cas doesn’t like angels. They’d betrayed him and hurt him and manipulated him and lied to him—
“Okay, Cas. Let’s get you cleaned up.” It takes a moment to stand. His joints are unhappy with him for this one. He slings Cas’ trenchcoat over his arm and holds out his other hand to help Cas to his feet. Cas takes it without a second thought.
They stumble out of the cabin. Dean is covered in gore. Cas hasn’t fared much better. He isn’t squeamish. Ask anyone, he’s the furthest thing. But... this--he shucks his jacket off. He
“We were together the whole time, Dean.” Kevin murmurs flipping through the carefully selected pamphlets about online learning in post-secondary education. “I didn’t see anyone hand you these.”
Dean can’t help himself. He reaches for Cas, holds his face, feels the weight and shape of the skull of the man he loves in his hands. “Can we be together?”
He flings open the door and Jack is standing there, hands tucked into his pockets rocking from back to front on his toes.
Dean and Cas sit there quietly, Jack unaware of the strangeness and Sam pointedly not mentioning it. Dean cannot hear them, the ringing in his ears dull and loud.
Sam huffs. “Meaning they locked me in the car for forty minutes and then Dean was a bitch the whole way back.”
Jack sits up straighter and leans over the table, worry creasing his brow, “Dean? Are you in shock? Do you need a blanket? It didn’t look like you got hit that hard… Maybe some water?”
But now his mind was running a mile a minute, full of what he could possibly say to Cas to make him understand.
okay the first time. But things inside Castiel had shaken loose. Dean came and his soul, vibrant and screaming and still so radiant— had left a piece of itself in the iron filings of Castiel. And something sparked. Life had sparked.
“Jack,” He says, warm and a little fragile, despite his best efforts, “Let’s uh. Can we talk? After you’re done eating?”
Cas inhales sharply and rocks up onto his toes, pressing a hurried kiss against Dean’s mouth. He rakes his hand’s through Dean’s short, greasy hair and yanks him down into an easier angle, hot and fast. Dean lets out a noise of confusion that turns easily into a moan as Cas licks into his mouth and starts counting Dean’s teeth with his tongue.
“Dean,” Cas says, and it’s rough too--although he’s always rough. It’s urgent, demanding, somehow. Dean realizes he’s holding Cas by the bicep. He’s
His fingers tighten on Dean’s and the noise that slips out is involuntary and completely compromising. Dean swears. Yanks Cas in with his tie. Cas groans and pushes him into the closest tree, hand on his hip the other sliding up Dean’s body fast. It finds its home tangled in Dean’s hair as they pant, joining the night noises.
Something about it feels off. Feels like a dislocated shoulder. The harmonies should be sweeping but instead they creep. The rhythm is syncopated in a way that puts Dean’s teeth on edge. He doesn’t want Sam anywhere near this.
This was a fun little experiment because. I have seen one single jack episode and it was tombstone bc. i like cowboys. He made me too sad to think about too long and everything else i know is from tumblr dashboard osmosis so uh. If you thought he was ooc THATS WHY....... its bc he WAS. But i really wanted to play around with Cas drawing up boundaries for his son that also happened to protect himself!! And dean having to be made uncomfortable to prove to people that he loves them! And just! I get so fucking sad about jack!!!
Dean steps back, lets go of Cas. He’s been holding him so tight his fingers tremble with nothing to clench onto.
Family, Dean emphasizes. Although Adam wasn’t that, or not enough of that. But his mother. His brother. Sometimes Cas. Almost Cas.
“What is that supposed to mean.” Cas asks him, voice low. He didn’t move to step back. Of course he didn’t. It was Cas.
Sam makes a face and mutters something unintelligible, then goes to find Kevin. Dean turns his attention back to the cutting board, and starts a third sandwich.
Leliel hisses at him. Their eyes screwed closed in pain and disbelief. Somewhere a bird is singing. Cas feels his gut twist.
“I took Sam to the car, like you said.” Cas says this plainly, flatly. But there’s something in the way his eyes linger on Dean’s face that isn’t quite as smooth as normal. Something jagged that sticks to him; the serrated edge of a hunting knife.
“Okay well— let’s. Can we reframe the wording on that?” Dean had blinked. Why was she looking straight at him? Kevin had folded down into his own seat beside Dean, and for half a second he wondered if he was the one who asked when he realized his hand was still up.
For the seventh time since the sun rose, Dean lets his hand drift a little closer to Cas’ knuckles— where he had brushed the kiss hours ago. They had been rough against his lips, dry and cracked like the rest of Cas. His lips, his heart. Cracked clean through, to the meat of him. One time Dean had tried to feed Cas crab. He hadn’t liked it.
Okay. Fifteen feet of intestine. Is that a lot, because it sounds like more intestine than people even have.
The car is quiet. Jack doesn’t throw around the ‘Dad’ word very much. It always feels big when he does. Dean ignores the twisting in his gut he doesn’t understand and burrows his face deeper into his jacket while Sam hums along to his music, unaware.
It hadn’t worked. Obviously. But now Dean had the visual of what he himself had looked like, desperate and begging beside Cas’ corpse. Only seeing Jack like that was so much worse.
A surprised curse had escaped his lips. He clapped a hand over his mouth and leaned over to turn on the shower. He made no move to strip down. Just sat on the toilet looking at Cas’ face in the honeyed sun, the white of his shirt a sharp contrast to his tanning skin. Cas had convinced him to take a walk out of the bunker, insisting the weather demanded it almost as much as Dean's bad knees needed a stretch. Dean had snapped a photo of Cas mid-laugh. Sent it to him with a sort of beaming pride. Cas didn’t laugh often, but here was photographic evidence that he could. That Dean could make him. And now Cas was using it to pick up other men.
“Dean you… you know I would never… want to make anyone uncomfortable. Or— or force someone into something they aren’t ready for, even if it’s just—“ Sam stops himself. “But it’s Cas. Dean, it’s Cas. Come on.”
sorry for the long wait! between both moving, graduating, various failures of pharmaceuticals, it's been a heavy time! please stay safe, continue surviving the pandemic!!! hee hee
“But you guys got the thing, right?” Kevin presses. Sam nods. His expression shifts, like he’s trying to remember.
Dean finds out later Sam had spilled the beans to Cas. His brother had seen Dean and Jack wandering out to the forest and had mentioned it to him on the way to clean up. Cas didn’t have the context Sam did of the Denny’s conversation and had chased them down, nervous for Jack.
“I was at death’s door for three days before you could get over yourself and your issues and push your lips to mine for a half second?”
. That he’d curve his neck into a perfect slope, that his chin would be tilted up just the perfect number of degrees to nearly have their lips brush. Perfect, perfect perfect.
She has dimples and little smile lines around her eyes. She seems kind. Dean thinks she’s served them before, once or twice. Never the whole family, though. She glances at Dean’s closed menu— a sure sign he's ready to order. She blinks her brown eyes at him.
Poor Jack must have been scared shitless. He breathes out harshly and leans against the rough brown brickwork of the Denny’s.
Sam and Jack are there, washing out Jack's cereal bowl. Dean sits heavily at the table and Sam takes one look at him before dropping the sponge and walking over, grabbing him in a rough hug. Dean leans his forehead into Sam’s belly and takes a deep breath before shoving the freak off.
It’s quiet a beat as Kevin dips into the pantry and re-emerges with a couple of Sam’s granola bars— one already gripped between his teeth and half unpeeled. He finishes his bite and then asks:
He lets himself hover an inch or two above Cas, breathing slowly. The lights are bright in here, strong enough his eyelids are shining red. Bright enough to see veins. He lets out a shaky exhale.
Dean shakes out the menu, just on the edge of too big. He rams his elbow into Cas. Dean jerks his elbow back too hard and punches himself in the face.
He came out from his shower and Sam was sitting up in bed pouring over some old book. “You headed out?” He asked, blinking up at Dean, sleepy.
Cas goes to his room and Dean goes to his own. He takes out his phone. He deletes the screenshot. He has his answer. How awful must he be for Cas to love him but still not want him?
Dean clambers into the Impala, skin still grimy with dirt and guilt. He runs his hand around Baby’s wheel, smooth round motion. Ignores the bark under his fingernails from where they had dug and pushed and—
The sky shifts again. It’s red. The magpies take flight. One by one they are snatched out of the air by something bigger. Something else with wings. Dean knows they are dead.
And the fact that Cas still let this happen to the Bacchic cult… Kind of scared the shit out of Sam.
“Hm. I love you, too.” His eyes are the sky. His voice, thunder. Dean, a planetary body, caught in the inevitable orbit of the sun.
“Bully for you.” Dean bites out, snapping his teeth. But Kevin is already leaving the room, hands in his pockets, sliding in his god-damn sock feet.
salt over the phone while editing: i agree with you but we can't ACTUALLY write dean as a stone butch because he is technically a cis man.
“You know I can hear you both,” the man says. His voice is low, like gargling cigarettes low, and he doesn’t pause in taking methodical forkfuls out of the cake and putting them in his mouth.
“Good.” Dean says. Tries to figure out how to broach this. Well, there’s one surefire way to get the ball rolling. “I’m sorry, Jack.”
“I mean, I’ll try to call the guy. Not like he’ll answer.” He says the last part under his breath, and Kevin swears he can hear a hint of real pain in it. His eyebrows raise. His phone hums in his hand.
“Cute kids, huh?” She says, leaning a little on the red vinyl seats across from him and balancing the orange-lidded coffee carafe on her hip, “They come in every week. Sweet family. Makes me wanna rethink my stance on catching a man.”
Sam gives him a look that intended to be threatening, but Dean could see Sam hadn’t brought anything for himself to eat either.
“I’m a desk sergeant. But I’m also sorry for your loss. Er. These remains are being held at the Boston morgue, if you would like to collect them, or you can call to arrange them to be cremated and mailed to you.” He rattles off a phone number which Claire pretends to write down. Then she orders another coffee, and chews the inside of her cheek.
Dean leans in to touch his forehead to the tiles—still cold even though the water is almost too hot to be comfortable. Stroking his dick to the thought of teeth on his neck, to the horror and the incredible rush of it, but he keeps seeing Cas’ face the moment after it was over; flat, totally void of expression, as if he’d absented his vessel in that second.
He slings his arm around Jack’s shoulders and the kid lets out a bright burst of laughter. They head outside.
“Okay but the river stink, Harris. The river stink. You couldn’t take a single mouthful of that cake without the fumes filtering in.” She stabs her trash grabber into the ground and stops even the pretense of cleaning, eyes locked on the man with her arms crossed.
“If you’re gonna deface it, commit,” Dean says, and Kevin looks up in bewilderment to see him digging in one of his coat pockets. He slides a pocket knife across the table. Kevin looks to Sam, because this strikes him as the sort of thing he’d protest to, but he’s just digging into his falafel wrap and side salad without a care.
...” Sam says. This is a peace offering, even though Dean’s the one being an asshole, as per. But rather than respond, Dean clenches the steering wheel so tight his knuckles go white, and presses the gas harder.
Maybe if all it took was Dean knowing there would never be another person that makes him feel like this. This specific brand of devout and animalistic. Adoring and soft. Electric and reverberating. Hungry and full enough to burst. All of them at once. Maybe that would be enough. Maybe Dean has to have faith it would be enough.
Dean glances up to the bed frame where his ring finger is tapping against the wood, hitting the same imagined beats. Gap where music could be, the dead air on the radio.
He lets out a wounded noise, lost in the shower sounds— but feels his throat move all the same. Knows the sound was made, even if he didnt hear it echo off the tiles.
“You and Dean are students auditing the Gender Studies 101 course. I’m a visiting theology professor. We are going to take the day, search out anything suspicious in students or the content they’re learning. These are the two classes the murdered students had in common— didn’t share dorm rooms or clubs or anything else— I figure this has to be it.”
“He hasn’t been around in a while, right? Sam said maybe you guys got in a fight, or something.” Kevin says this casually— not like Sam sicced him on Dean, but it still makes him clench his jaw. He stares into the still dirty water, his pale reflection looking back, like it’s a way out of the kitchen. What’s he supposed to say?
“Cas. It’s me. Let me in, dude.” Another groan. It was not welcoming. Dean sighs. Leans his head against the stall before remembering how gross Denny’s bathrooms are and jerks back. His forehead left a greasy mark against the metal. “I know you’re pissed, but let me help.”
His bio had just said ‘Cas, age 39’. Then a string of indecipherable emojis, plants and animals and honey and the night sky full of stars.
He’s aware, trembling on the edge of acknowledgment, that Cas is only pinned because he wants to be— and that’s a heady recognition of frustration and attraction all its own. In another, even more distant part of himself, Dean is aware that they had not talked about this at all beforehand. Part of him always thought they’d talk about it before—
He has to pull back. Will have to see the consequences. He keeps his eyes closed and moves to draw back, helpless to resist a last push with his lips against the side of Cas’ mouth. A final prayer. A final begging. A final ‘please’.
to be wrong sometimes. Dean had never seen a bond like the one between Cas and Jack, and the kid had been kissing his dad’s forehead every hour on the hour, to no effect. Sam had even thrown his hat in the ring, a chaste kiss on Castiel’s temple. Dean had tried too—fast and flighty to Cas’ knuckles. But the curse had some outdated concept of what love meant, familial and best friend-ial wasn’t enough for it. But even then—
“Cas?” Dean asks the empty woods. He appears again a second later, in that same swish of wings. Without Sam. “Cas? What’d you do?” He tries to keep the edge out of his voice, feeling like a rabid dog.
Sam smiles weakly at her. Busted. She waves and scuttles off after nodding to Dean, friendly. Dean beams at her, slowly turning his gaze back to Sam.
Dean couldn’t do that for Jack. Hell, Dean couldn’t do that for Sammy, back in the day. He had tried, but the attention had always slipped away from him. He always got distracted by his own thing. Left Sam vulnerable and full of doubt and susceptible to things Dean hadn’t even dreamed of. Let Sam think he was a monster because his dad had told him to. Never fought it, never stood up for him like he should have but—
“No man, I mean. Chase your bliss, I guess,” Harris says. He tries to convey with a look to Becca that this dude is definitely on drugs, but she’s ignoring him in favor of staring at the guy.
“Miss Novak, I want to…” He clears his throat. “I want to stress that this likely means your father is dead. I’m calling to tell you that the missing person’s case is being closed.”
“Yeah, Dean. I know. But running off after the concept of witchcraft isn’t going to get us anywhere. You need to follow our plan.”
“I’m saying it could be a lot of different things, Dean.” Sam says, trying to keep his voice even. Sam felt his brow furrow, exasperation with his brother clocking in for work.
Kevin made a noise, “You guys cracked it already? Sam didn’t sound sure when we were talking. Missing organs can be a lot of things.”
She does not. In fact, she takes her sweet time. It’s enough to have Dean twisting his napkin to pieces in front of him as Sam settles himself in the seat beside Jack, gabbing away at him about something already. Now Dean can’t switch seats without being very obvious.
“Yeah, bud I just—“ There’s a million ways this won't be enough. But at the very least he has to spell it out. Say the words he means. “I want to apologize to you. I was rude to you back there. You were just worried about me. Especially after what happened to your dad—“ Dean gestures to where Cas is sitting. Was sitting. Dean blinks. “Where’s Cas?”
Tug a few inches, the length of his forearm, pause and loop, his hands slick as he makes the knot. Tug, pause, loop, knot. Tug, pause, loop, knot. He doesn’t know why he's preparing his intestines this way. He should have cleaned them out first. Washed them with water and squeezed the waste free. No one will eat his intestines. They will rot, in what would be less than a minute for him once, and now, painfully long.
“She’s kind of mean,” Kevin says. “Um.” He scrolls up a little. “She says you need to talk to Castiel.” He doesn’t mention the part about Castiel dying apparently, because Dean honestly seems like he might swerve into a ditch with the right provocation.
His eyes snag on a package of brightly-colored stickers. He reads. They are to be placed on the forehead of an infant or young child, and will indicate a fever if one is present. This feels like another brick to the face.
Dean shoves a handful in his mouth without pausing. “All good?” The customary check in after being apart for even just a moment.
“Saying psst is not like, a subtle way to get someone’s attention,” she says, but comes over anyways. “If you show me goose poop again I’m going to ask to switch shifts.”
Henry drops the FABINISTA cup. His cold brew splashes out the lid and spills across the linoleum. Fuck. Dennis is going to be pissed.
Cas looks at him. The same way he always does. Like there’s nothing else to see in the whole of creation. Dean can’t fucking stand it.
So he’d opened the app and looked at the blue stinging screen and saw the harsh contrast of black text on the white of his bio. Saw the words ‘interested in: women’. He’d gone to the bathroom, locked himself in. Hit the ‘edit’ button on his profile, eyes glazed over and feeling electricity buzzing in his fingertips. Selected ‘men only’. Hit ‘accept changes’.
It felt different. Dean’s fingers tighten around the wheel as he tries to forget the texture of Castiel's skin and heat around and under him. He rolls his shoulders and the collar of his backup coat brushes over the tender skin where Cas left a hickey.
Dean grits his teeth. ‘True love’s kiss’. So fucking stupid. And from the looks of it, a total lie. The lore
As in the adventuring and the running and the shooting people and the cool manly stuff— not... not anything else.
Then he’s gone. Cas pulls the door open, strong and steady. Dean’s pressure trying to hold it closed worth no more strength than a gnats, buzzing.
“Cas—I’m gonna—” he tries, and Cas makes a noise as if to respond, but it’s too late, and he cums without meaning to.
He realizes several hours later he didn’t pay for lunch. In that time, the thing has moved again, more than once, and now, if he focuses, he can discern a heartbeat.
And he’s out the sliding doors, no secondary parting glance. Just hoofin’ it out of there. Henry’s dreams of inappropriate romance are dashed. All his years of skipping PE paid off, obviously. Maybe he should get a gym membership.
“Right.” Dean laughs, that same hollowsharp. “Gunna use his Tinder account or whatever— swipe right till someone agrees to come kiss his corpse?”
Jack nuzzles his forehead into Dean’s chest and lets out a soft sigh. Jesus. Dean leans his cheek against the kids head and stands there in the sun with him, marveling at the warmth of a second chance.
Dean swallows down the affront at Cas’ instinctual doubt, “I was apologizing to him, Cas. Do I need your permission to apologize to my kid now or—“
“Cas!” Jack crows as the man himself enters the room. He bounces on the balls of his feet, waiting for permission to get swept up into a hug. Cas gives it with a nod and a lopsided toothy grin. “You’re okay!”
Dean nods. Tries to repeat back the words, but finds his voice has stopped working while this close to Cas’ lips and he sort of just... mouths them.
Sam had done a load of research on what they were dealing with. It was some sort of fairytale spin-off monster— their venom knocking people into a deep sleep for three days, only for their body to start starving. Devouring the victim from the inside out. It left shriveled husks in its wake. The one cure…
“Maybe it’s his birthday,” Harris says, mostly as a joke, but it makes him kinda sad so he immediately averts his eyes to the task at hand.
Jack is camped out in the little vinyl green chair, cracked with age and deeply uncomfortable— cushion lifeless and frame cold metal. Dean had tried to wordlessly pass him a pillow to sit on, but Jack had just slipped it under Castiel’s head, brushing the hair out of his face as he pulled away from his dad again.
He follows that straight jut of Cas’ nose with his own. Lets his thumb curl around the dull roll of Cas’ chin. Lets his own breath stutter out, warm and washing over Cas’ face. He leans down, the distance between their skin full of something unseen, but all-consuming. It ticks in his lungs and prickles in his skin. Dean’s breathing is shallow and god— he wishes Cas were here to feel this moment with him. Dean lets his lips push against Cas’, warm but dry. Cracked and sharp where tiny parts of the skin have begun to flake. Dean kisses him wet again.
“It was not alright, Jack. I never want you to feel unsafe and… At my hands? At the end of my own gun? That’s something my dad would do. Not what any of yours should be doin’. You’re safe with me. And I'll prove that to you again, I swear it.”
Thinking about them is a mistake. His thoughts go to Dean. Like the space of a missing tooth (and what a momentous new experience that is) he’s drawn to the part inside him where something pre-soul-shaped is forming. Expanding like a tiny universe, pulsing inside his grace. He seeks, and finds its corresponding body in his vessel. It has no limbs, no shape, barely even the blueprint of organs. An irregular, though familiar, genome. Nephilim. It had always sounded like a swear to him. It was his last reason for going to Earth, before Dean. Destroying nephilim, on a mission from Heaven. When Heaven still gave missions, and Castiel was still their faithful soldier. He remembered everything
He’s ripping Cas’ tie free, undoing his fly and jerking the fabric down the not-quite-a-man’s thick thighs, wiry with black hair. Cas’ belt clinks somewhere in the vicinity of his knees. Dean drags his fingers up through it on the way back up, delighting in the texture as he mouths at Cas’ neck.
Cas cleans his angel blade off with his trenchcoat. He’s panting a little, head reverberating with the cries of Dean’s baby inside him. They aren’t reacting in the physical sense, but emotionally. Cas can tell this child is a pacifist. That may not go over well.
He stands up, phone in hand, open, scrolls to Cas’ contact (with the little wings emoji—that seemed so funny at one time) but he hovers. He doesn’t hit dial. Dean’s in his room in boxers and a t-shirt, it would be…
“Could you hear us?” Comes from the back seat. “Sam said that sometimes coma patients report being able to hear their loved ones even when passed out! I told you stories and practised my out-loud reading.”
It’s some burnt-out diner, the kind of place where the fake wood has long since peeled off the tabletops, and the food tastes like fryer oil that’s been used too many times. Claire picks up the phone where it’s humming by her elbow. Skimping on caller ID was probably a mistake, but she’s going to break this for a burner once she’s out of the state anyway.
“Dean.” He murmurs, barely moving his lips, eyes trapped with Dean’s, warm and aching. He rubs his thumb over the curve of Cas’ ear. Dean wants to fill him up.
That was the moment he felt some of Dean’s come slide down his inner thigh, already cooling. Naturally. He reaches for Dean’s shoulder to fly them back to the car, but Dean flinches.
Dean inhales, deep and desperate. The arcid after-scent of vomit lingers around them and it pulls him out of his trance.
Dean can see through the window that Cas and Jack have landed themselves in a booth, red vinyl squeaky and cigarette burned. He moves to follow them when Sam grabs his arm. Oh, god. Here we go.
,” Cas hisses, shoving Dean’s hand back to his ass, arching his hips to meet him. “I want you inside me
He felt like he was drowning. Everyone else was nodding along and he could picture them slathering themselves with sunscreen and chatting while on pool floaties drifting down the lazy river as Dean gargled and choked on his own spit in the kiddie pool.
“Dean. There’s an entire fucking play about why that’s a bad idea. We just have to see if they’re being brainwashed, gank the leader and call it a night.”
“Yeah, but still,” Dean says. Kevin turns the pocket knife over once before he slips it into his jeans. It’s got that pearlescent coating on the sides. It’s nice, and he imagines Dean picking it up somewhere, or getting it from some other hunter. Nothing in the Impala is ever new. It’s always new to them, but Kevin has come to understand a kind of beauty in thrift-store coats and boots that someone else broke in already. The worn spots where ghosts had loved them.
They walk back to the car, where a furious Sam is hammering on the rear window. Castiel remembers the locks, and releases them. Sam unfolds himself from the car, nostrils flaring.
That’s not why he doesn’t reach in and do anything. And it’s not why he leaves the Wal-Mart with a disturbed surety that he’s not going to do anything. It’s because it occurs to him, despite his best efforts, that he doesn’t
There was pink biofilm in the corner where the shower tiles meet the ceiling. It should have been cleaned, but he missed it. It escaped his brush as he scrubbed down the stall. Dean is all fucked up. All the way up to the top.
Cas doesn't know what he will find as he unravels himself like a sweater caught on a chain link fence.
In front of Castiel is a bowl of minestrone soup that he ordered but is not eating. He felt compelled to eat
It’s the dawn of the third day and Cas is still passed out on the starched cot, skin weird and pale against the sheets. He’s grown a hint of a beard over the last few days he’s been out and Dean can’t stop looking at it, feeling helpless as it darkens his best friend's chin blue and dark like a bruise.
The table went silent and Dean hisses out through his teeth, rubbing at his jaw where his fist collided. Sam is muffing a laugh. Jack is blinking at him, grin sliding up his face. Dean doesn’t look at Cas.
Briefly, Dean entertains the notion of Cas sitting straight up, eyes bright and patient. Thoughtful. They would rest on them each in turn. One by one. He’d murmur a question, what the problem was— how he could help. How he could fix it.
“Because it’s just livers. And sure there’s a lot of history around haruspex and divination with innards but— but that’s generally sheep or poultry and—“
Cas follows the two of them, an unreadable expression on his face. But whatever it is, it’s clouding his eyes something stormy.
And then Dean’s crying. He looks up and grabs Jack into a hug so the kid doesn't have to see. But holy shit. Jack wants him to be his dad.
Dean binks. He should stop being surprised by Jack’s insight and empathy by now. “Yeah, kid. A bit. We can handle it together though, huh? Can’t be harder than beating god.”
Three-ish hours in, Dean pulls off the road without warning, and Kevin blinks, the words “are we there” almost forming on his tongue before he swallows them back. They’re not headed to Disneyland. People are dying. And they clearly aren’t there either. Dean pulls up to a gas station pump and hops out without a word. Kevin blinks maybe sleep out of his eyes. Sam is already unfolding his massive frame from the car.
“No. We should get back. It’s fine,” he says, quickly pulling his pants on and fumbling to do up his belt. Dean has to turn away to pick up his own discarded top layers, and Cas braces himself on the tree for a second. He does not breathe out of pattern, he stays even, because even as things are unravelling inside his true body he at least has control of his vessel. Some control.
“Dad and Momma…” Cas smiles for the first time in what feels like years. There’s so much warmth in his gaze. Dean feels like he’s doing something right.
He knew his brother was capable of those things but… Cas. Cas hadn’t brought Dean back from the brink of that.
Something about traipsing through the woods at night always makes Dean feel like a little kid. In some ways that’s a good feeling, but in most ways, it makes him feel a little bit mashed up inside. Like someone put him in the bed of a truck and rattled him around for a few miles.
Castiel thinks if he reaches inside his self, his true self, right now, although it will be painful, no doubt, he could dig the thing out and discard it. And the growth in his vessel would be halted too. It would rot into something he could heal. He can feel it tugging at his grace already. Demanding resources to grow in the inhospitable environment of a human abdominal cavity. He thinks he
Kevin looks through the pamphlets Dean shoved at him as they raced down the highway. It was getting dark outside, but Dean had smacked his hand away when Kevin tried to turn on the overhead light in the car.
“Good.” He feels the poison pushing out of him, “Because it wouldn’t have worked. A random guy wouldn’t get it. Wouldn’t love him right. Wouldn’t know why to. Wouldn’t see him clearly. Would have just seen his dorky little icon with his jacket off and sleeves rolled up laughing in the sun and— and— what a stupid thing to have in your bio— just emojis? What’s anyone going to get out of that anyway— no one would be able to fall in love with him over that—“
He sees a man in a tan coat walking away, perhaps a stitch too fast. Too guilty. And it’s not like— a normal stylish tan coat. Like a flasher coat.
“I always have.” Dean confesses, finally. “Come on, Cas. The kiss worked on my end too. I always want you. To kiss you. To hold you. To have you.”
“Shut it,” Dean bites out, before he can stop himself. The table goes still again. Jack sits back down in his seat, slow and no longer meeting Dean’s eyes. Dean can see Cas squeeze Jack's hand once, comforting.
She tilts her head,eyebrows furrowed but her smile still fixed in place. “Well, that’s— Hm.” She blinks. “Well, maybe you’ll get lucky one day!”
Dean's soul was grabby. And bitey. And clawing and brutal and full of mistrust and hurt and radiance and pain. And Cas was a giant target. His soul had raked and yanked and pulled and, in a manner of speaking, got quite a bit of Cas tucked under his fingernails.
“Yes, your father. We found—This may be difficult to hear, but we have found and identified some… organs, as belonging to your father. The DNA match was exact.”
“What was all that.” Cas asks, manner fully shifted, arms crossed and his voice cold. This chill from Cas was getting exhausting when Dean was trying over and over to change things. Own up to his mistakes. Apologize.
The night around him is wide and loose— not the same dense night that lives in cities, hole-punched windows of light— reminders of people. In homes, in lives, in living.
It’s brutal and savage and unhinged. His feet skid across the gore on the ground and he hasn’t felt this untethered since hell herself laid a razor in his hands and crooned at him to start slicing.
Cas loosens under him, fast and thoughtless as he murmurs against Dean’s neck—breathless.  “Come on, come on, come
“Your knife,” Kevin says, although it doesn’t need saying. Dean shakes his head and slides it back across the table, easy.
The room is tomb quiet. Down the hall Dean can hear the generator running. He pushes his face into his hands, wanting to break the silence with something. Anything. But more than that, he wants Cas to be the one to do it.
“It wasn’t scary at the time ‘cause… uh. No soul. You know,” Jack says, a quiet admission. Dean nods. Jack keeps talking, “But later it… made me think you didn’t love me. And that you wanted us both gone. And it… it was a bad thing to do.” Jack’s eyes flick up to Dean’s, double checking that it was something he was allowed to say. Since their triumph over Chuck, Jack had become a little less sure-footed. A little more hesitant. More tied up in asking for permission. He’d seen some of the consequences of keeping secrets and running off on his own. They’d work on it. “It was the fate of the world. And I’ve done some bad stuff.”
“Correct.” Dean starts the engine, and Sam throws a glance out the window and thinks about how much, by horrific percentage, of his life he’s spent in this car.
It’s suddenly such a core truth that Dean has to get Sam out right-now-this-instant that his fingers twitch on his gun and he whirls around to face the other direction.
The calendar that Dean picked and hung up for some reason (with pictures of kittens of all things) was on the wrong month. Kevin stared at it for a while, until it nagged, and eventually got up and flipped it over to April.
So she tries Dean and Sam, and obviously they don’t answer. Dean had picked up the one other time she tried calling him, a year or so ago. It was a short conversation, she had needed more information about the ghouls she was hunting. He had given her the answers and tried, stilted and awkward, to ask if she was hunting alone.
It’s cold. It’s hot. It’s red and bright, bright white. Dean blinks, hard. With his whole face, squeeze and release. Nothing resolves itself. His eyes are wide open when the world drops into existence again.
well equipped.” Sam says, a hint of smugness sneaking into his tone, “Plus, who knows! You may even learn something.”
Normally, this would make Dean smile. But then, normally, Dean hadn’t fucked his best friend against a tree in the woods.
He often would drift off while Sam went into the intricacies of a case, but wouldn’t so blatantly shut him down. Especially when they didn’t know for sure what was killing college students and stealing their livers. His brother had fixated on this concept of witches in a way that didn’t seem… grounded in reality.
“Damn right, kiddo.” Dean says, cuffing him on the back of the head, light as he can manage. Sometimes physical affection is hard to judge. Jack grins at him, so hopefully it hadn’t been too rough. Jack unsticks himself from Cas’ side to trot after Dean, still absolutely beaming.
Jack is holding Cas’ hand on the top of the table. Dean grabs his cutlery package and savagely untwists it from the napkin, turning his coffee cup over in it’s saucer.
It’s not stress baking, whatever Sam says. He’s baking because he wants to. Not because of the itch in his fingertips that started a month ago. The itch that started the second he left that forest and just kept...
She tries again and gets as far into the message as: “It’s Claire, your—” before she has to bail out and hangs up.
“You seriously gave Baby child safety locks? Are you kidding me.” The banter is almost normal. It could be a conversation like any other day, but for the breathlessness hiding behind Dean’s teeth.
Cas leans close. His lips ghost over Dean’s before— Dean pulls himself back. He’s speaking before he knows what he’s gunna to say. Before he can even guess at it.
Dean’s fingers twist in the sheets, the echoing empty of the sick room too wide open, too silent. Sam went to go get breakfast for everyone, silent and subtle but insistent that Jack needs his nutrients. Jack hasn’t laughed since Cas dropped to the floor and didn’t get back up. Dean wasn’t sure when that sound had become a regular fixture in the bunker, but not hearing it was… wrong. Sad.
. That doesn’t usually stop him from calling people. Calling… friends. Even if he’s somehow irreparably fucked up their friendship which— let's face it— he’s done with basically all his friends. The few people he’s ever called friends. The fewer still who had survived knowing him.
Dean’s suffocating. He whirls, stomps around the room for a bit in order not to scream at Sam for making assumptions or being stupid or being fucking offensive or—
“Let me know if I can help, or something,” he offers. It’s not much of a real offer, and he knows Sam’s not gonna take him up on it. But it’s one of those things you say just to say it. Sam nods and gets up and wanders off in the direction of the library, and Kevin uses the back of his spoon to drown the frosted flakes that are still floating.
Stars pop before his eyes. He stumbles down the road until a bus stop, and he sits there until he feels like he can breathe.
aware that it’s open, the breath hot. He can feel his own warm breath swelling like an ocean tide over his lips, the cool air of the wilds lays against his sensitive skin. Does Cas feel it, too?
The bunker is collecting the dusty dregs of red dawn light when they get back. Dean shakes Sam awake, slings his bag over his shoulder and heads right for the showers. Hoping that it’s still early enough that Kevin will be asleep in his room.
There’s a family sitting kitty-corner to Castiel in JJ’s County Diner, somewhere in the cornfields of Iowa. They are eating a late lunch. At least, it’s after two, a time Dean considers late for lunch. The sky out the window is an almost startling blue, stretching on and on and on above the flat earth.
Dean flips the collar down and speeds up, alone on the loose dark highway, guided by white lines and pools of yellow light from the street lamps. Straight on till morning.
Jack insists he and Cas sit in the back seat so he can hold his dad’s hand without twisting his arm around from the front. Cas looks touched and happy to comply with the request, so Dean slides into the passenger seat. He starts flipping through cassettes on muscle memory alone when Sam reaches over and grabs the box, and hands them to Jack, triumphant and shit-eating grin.
The phone screen is still lit, face up. The little wings mocking him in some way. For some reason. He picks his phone up from the dresser and turns around, connecting the movements into one so it feels less monumental. As he sits on his bed he hits dial, trying not to look at the screen. He grits his teeth and holds it to his ear. It rests, a little warm against his cheek. The drilling hum of the ring buzzes through the small bones in his inner ear. And he waits.
Sam had long harboured a not-so-secret wish to be in academics. Teaching in some boring stuffy classroom with his monogrammed chalk holder, scrawling excitedly across green boards. Dean liked the second half of Indiana Jones movies more. That's where his fantasies lay.
Cas smiles at him in the dapple sun surrounded by pale greens and birdsong. Dean pulls out his phone camera and snaps a new photo. Cas beams at him.
“You know, that protest is really mischaracterized by the media even today, it ends up being dismissive and —”
Jack looked up, eyes dull and worried. Red rimmed. Dean hadn’t even noticed the kid had been crying. God. Without Cas what kind of a family would Jack have here? Sam was pretty good with him, loving and warm and focused— remembered his meals and when to check in with him emotionally. Knew how to talk to him and
It’s really nice. Dean pulls back eventually, and Jack hums a little and wobbles his head the way he does when he’s pleased with something.
“Uh.” It crawls out of Dean’s throat. “No. Everyone’s safe. Just calling to check in.” There’s something beyond that which he can’t say, and he won’t, but it is there, and he notices it.
Sam laughs and give’s Cas’ shoulder a second squeeze before heading out of the room. The three of them stand in the kitchen for a half second before Cas interrupts the silence.
“Right. Sorry.” Jack’s eyes dart up to meet Dean’s for a half second, and he realizes the apology is for him.
“If you take a shower.” Cas says, and Dean snorts. It’s been four days.  “And then you’ll kiss me for real. No spells.”
Cas doesn’t need a flashlight, but Dean and Sam cast weak, yellow light over rotting plant matter, slick spaces where the puddles lay in shadow and never really dried up. The snow had left the woods ages ago, but the melt lies heavy on the remains of last years’ fall leaves.
He covers his mouth and lets his eyes fall shut, the water beating down hot and painful on his scratches. They were stinging, real, and serving as some indicator of how deep they were, how red and desperate. Dean gasps out past his fingers, drawing his fist tighter around his dick, moving faster.
this time, and it’s his ceiling in the bunker, his bed, his own sheets soaked in sweat. His palm in the fuzzy dark looks bloodied even still.
So he fingers him open against the tree trunk, pants hanging off one of Cas’ ankles; it managed to slip off over his slim shoes. They sway a little with the rhythm, brushing up against Dean’s hip where he’s hitched Cas’ leg over to get better access to his asshole. It’s not nearly wet enough, so Dean spits on his fingers while maintaining eye contact with Cas, rolling their foreheads together. He moves to lower his hand but Cas snatches it and
Sam shook his head, sweeping the thoughts away. Good and bad were not diametrically opposed. They could co-exist and
“Alright.” Jack squeezes Cas again, tight and fast. He darts in and snags one from Dean right after before running off. Dean can feel the moment lingering in his throat.
Dean can't stop himself from obeying, sliding the first knuckle in, shocked at how warm and hot it is. Cas groans through gritted teeth, his jaw jutting out and eyes drifting shut, hands still impatient on Dean, tapping against his shoulder. Urging him on. “You can’t
Dean almost swerves the car off the road. Sam braces himself against the roof of the car and the dash, giant arms spread wide. Kevin’s head, meanwhile, hits the window. But he kind of brought this on himself, he has to admit.
Kevin clears his throat, which does nothing to get Dean or Sam’s attention, so he just speaks loudly. “I really think you should talk to him. Claire seems upset.” That’s the magic phrase apparently, because Dean sighs, and his hands relax on the wheel, and he even slumps his shoulders a little.
“I’m just gonna help you get outta your coat, man.” He says it quiet, low. Cas holds out his arm and Dean pulls the coat the rest of the way off. Cas leans his head against his forearm, panting. Dean winces, thinking about the germs in the place. But Cas is really out of it, and he can always shower.
“I’ll say I learned more about women through life experience.” Dean waggles his eyebrows, “I could even offer to teach
He wasn’t cut out for this, and Jack deserves better. The thought settles in all of a sudden that he’s older than his dad was when their lives fell apart. And he’s here making the same mistakes. Dean gets a little more why his dad cut a demon deal and died. Hell was easier than this.
He blinks. That’s… that was the easiest that had ever been. Dean opened his phone and went to his photo app.
, that one had been particularly fucked up. Sam had kept a google alert active on the town to see what news stories would come out of it.
He stands there a while. His food is cold by the time he comes back to the table, whipped cream on the waffles melted and runny. The bacon has congealed in its own fat. He picks at the fruit cup Sam slides his way and says nothing the rest of the meal. Everyone finishes pretty quickly, they’ve been eating a lot longer than Dean. Des comes back over and offers to box up Dean’s waffle but he makes a face and shakes his head, asking for the bill.
Cause. Yall know that hits for Jack and Dean you KNOW. Anyway BYEEE i have SO much homework i should be doing lmfao
Dean finally kissed Cas but... they are not together? They are not in love and together? Jail. Jail for Dean’s slapdash parenting for five thousand years. Or like. Until he figures out how to apologize and grow as a person and a parent.
Dean hauls him up and brings him to the sink, flushing the toilet as they go. Cas lets go of his arm, but his fingers trail. They stand by the sink together, the mirror taking up the whole side of the bathroom wall. Dean looks up and sees them both reflected there, painted washed out white in the fluorescents. Cas’ looks vulnerable in his shirtsleeves, a hint of skin laying under the fabric, clearest on his shoulders.
It feels good to have Jack take after him in something, even if it’s unhealthy and will land him in an early grave. But, well. That’s Dean, isn’t it?
“What happened to showering?” Dean asks, clumsy. Feeling like he just tumbled out of a dryer— covered in lint and disoriented.
me, Dean. That was one of the problems I brought up when I rejected you. Your treatment of Jack. You didn’t do this to make me reconsider my position—?”
Kevin’s phone buzzes in his pocket, reminding him suddenly that he could have been using it to read by, although the battery was already dwindling. He misses having a real phone, suddenly, rather than the various gas-station burners Dean and Sam would pick up and shove into his hands.
“How can I help you boys?” She asks, breathless. Her little hat is off kilter, but her smile looks genuine.
Dean’s inhale is sharp and he reels back, unsteady on his feet. Cas sits up as if following him, pulled to him.
“Oh!” Jack nods and tugs and Dean’s sleeve, “Well let's go then! It’s a big talk for you too, right?”
Dean often gapes at Sam slack-jawed. It’s one of his default expressions. This, however, looks like he’s shorted-out. Sam looks him over more closely. There’s a bruise starting to form on his neck--kind of a weird shape.
The baby across the way starts to cry and the father scoops it up into his arms, shushing and hushing as he rocks it. Something in Cas feels like shards of glass. The father reaches over and pushes a fleeting touch to his wife's hand, which lies exhausted on the table. She smiles at him, weary and warm. He smiles back, bright, encouraging. He stands, baby still wrapped close. He presses a kiss to his wife's forehead, then the toddler’s. He bounces the baby and then he's out the door, starting to sing to it as they head to the parking lot.
to kill this thing, abomination it may be. Because it’s made up out of Dean, and brutally, uselessly, Cas loves it for that.
He wants to bash his head into the tiles. Crack one, maybe, if he uses enough force. Instead he shuts off the shower, erection fading anyways. It’s like dipping his hand into a bucket of bait. All the worms are too tangled up in each other. He’s not gonna pull any single one free.
“It’s useless, Dean.” Cas mutters. Dean can feel the stirring of air against his cheek, and lets his eyes flick to Cas’ face anyway. He knew Cas would be this close, but he didn’t know he’d be tilting his head like
Sam looks back at him. He must have moved closer at some point. Dean slumps back into his chair. Jack is no longer in the room. Dean rubs at his face again, oily and rough.
Dean remembered hearing about some photographer who demanded ‘get-to-know-you’ sessions before they ever took a portrait. They thought in order to take a good photo you had to be at least fifteen percent in love with your subject.
Cas pulls out his guts, looping and tying the long strand of intestine like the Netsilik tribes do in Nunavut. He marvels at how— in the harsh fluorescent light— the long organ seems to glisten bright as a string of deep sea pearls.
He can feel Dean’s soul germinating in his grace. It tugs at the edges of his consciousness, even when he’s not thinking about it. He’s noticing it. He is unable to stop noticing it. And as he heaves himself up, sparks pop in his vision. The feeling like a tide rolling in, waves about to break, and he’s heaving again. Bringing up nothing. Connected to the bowl full of vomit by a thin strand of saliva.
?” Harris nods again, for lack of anything to say. “There’s not even like a grocery store nearby. Where’d he get it?”
Kevin huffs and starts adjusting to reading as much as he can in the brief flashes of the street lamps as they drive by. It’s deeply frustrating. But Dean’s being extra bitchy since his “definitely witches” hunch didn’t pay off and it ended up being some sort of weird ancient diviner. A haruspex or something? Sam had been right in all his research, was the point.  And Dean is being a bitch. Like even though they solved the hunt he isn’t satisfied.
“Dr. Westchester!” a student is running up to them. She has half green, half blue hair divided down the part and a nose ring. “I wanted to apologize for everyone back there. I'm sure lecture will go smoother next week. Takes a bit to get into the swing of things with a midterm teacher switch. Don't take it personal!”
And that’s a vow he never intends to break. A few years down the line, he makes another to Cas alone, sealed with a kiss and traded rings that Jack hands them, beaming the sunshine smile he inherited from his father and wearing the cowboy boots his Momma picked out for him.
He is. Or he’s not in the common areas, at least. Dean gets in the shower and cleans out the scratch marks down his back, breathing measured through his nose.Cas’ hands had been where his are now. Had raked down his back and pulled him closer.
“Maybe so. But it’s a Winchester. Ending the world is their ‘whole thing’.” Cas finishes his air-quotes and stabs Leliel through the chest before the shock over the child's parentage can fade from their face. His blade crunches through the vessel's ribs, glancing across a lung on the way down. Cas yanks the blade free and watches the chest collapse, the fishlike gasping slowly stops. Leliel stills.
Sam sighs. It’s resigned. Dean needs to get out of here. Now. His eyes fall to Cas over Sam's shoulder, still motionless, face waxy and vacant. It hurts to look at.
Dean shrunk into his seat. He was going to have to talk to Kevin about this. Insist it was some sort of hypothetical. Totally unrelated to Dean's own life.
you!” They are snarling under his heel, squirming and jackknifing in their vessel. Bucking their hips in desperation as Cas looks down on them, unmoved. Cas thinks vaguely how they look a bit like a fish, drowning in fresh air. “I can
“Okay, okay! Stow it, Sammy! I’ll be in class soon enough.” He gripes back, before Sam can pick up steam.
“It may be a MILF sex cult,” Cas says. Watery light is pouring onto their table from the window. It washes him out, makes the reds on his nose and knuckles that much flatter. Dean beams.
“It was weird and… So many of our problems stem from just...” He gestures vaguely and stops talking.
“I don’t want to offend you.” He pauses, brows furrowed. He rolls Henry’s cup over in his hand. “What is a ‘FABINISTA’?”
Cas’ too wide grin. Pot of honey, stars in the sky, a little orange cat, a sunrise, a bee, clinking beers, a cactus and a potted plant. A little blue kite, a fish, the evil eye amulet, a burger. Big warm socks. The face of a bear. Dean laughs a little at the haloed yellow face, as he always does.  A tan trench coat.
“Oh, yeah!” Jack responds, still being held by his dad, but more casually— a loose arm swung around his shoulders, “Sam made me go to bed every night at bedtime but, Dean’s older than Sam so he can’t tell him what to do.”
Jack trots over to Cas, hugging him, too— something almost birdlike in the light-quickness of the movement. “It’s okay! Things are fine!”
in a garbage can. Serial killer, Henry. They don’t have baby blues they have—evil blues. Cold, distant blues.
“Dean?” Sam murmurs when he turns the key in the ignition. “You aren’t gonna shower? That fight seemed… messy.”
“Like your own father. Go on, Dean. You don’t want to be him? I believe you can make that choice. But remember—“ Dean’s gritting his teeth, bust Cas looks like this is pouring out of him with no trouble at all, “John started from love too. He started from family and protection. It perverted him because he
The riptide of this panic has sucked him in and all he can do is lay on his bed and look at the ceiling, clothes abandoned on the floor after a failed attempt at getting dressed for the day. He can’t stop his mind from going round and round in the same circles it was sunk in two hours ago, five, ten. Like a record finished playing, still spinning but making no sound besides soft clicking.
Dean snarls. Strides closer to Cas, fury making his joints stiff and his hands hot, “You think that’s what I want Cas? That I want to fuck you—?”
Hey all!! Spruce here, manhandling their way into the notes to say: thank you so much for all the support this fic gets. We appreciate and are happy to be enjoying the taboo themes of gender and the horrors of pregnancy with every single one of you!!!
Jack is looking at him, awed. Embarrassed. Not quite paying attention to his question, caught up in Dean’s earlier statement. Dean turns to Sam, who's doing a bad job hiding his surprise. Dean raises his eyebrows emphatically.
He doesn’t answer, because of course he doesn’t. And she leaves a message, but then plays it back and has to delete it. It comes out… sappy. It comes out wrong, because she always pictures her dad when she tries to talk to Castiel. Even though he’s not her dad, and there’s nothing left of her dad but DNA evidence.
He’d sat on the toilet settling into a rhythm of swiping left, over and over and over. He didn’t know what he was looking for until a photo he himself had taken popped up on his screen.
Cas’ eyes drift, and the flower he had contemplated earlier stands— smushed into the sidewalk, ground to spring green paste. He wonders if Leliel saw it before the flash of grace took them, lightlocking their vision in a dazzling last sunburst. So bright you couldn't tell between light and dark: just the lack of everything else.
“You have three dads, and… And I’d really like to do a better job at being a… a fourth for you. If that’s something you would want.”
“Right,” Cas forces out. His underwear hasn’t been Jimmy Novak’s in a while. Arguably, that first time that the archangels tore him to shreds, whatever got remade was “new” in some sense. But sometimes it’s a reflex to think of his clothes as belonging to Jimmy. After all, they still reflect him. It’s still the same outfit that Jimmy left Pontiac in, even if all the parts have been destroyed and remade or re-bought at some point. He stalls out at the thought:
Jack frowns deeper. “Dean… You… Yeah, I have three dads but… Lucifer isn’t one of them. Aren’t you… already my dad?” His voice is vulnerable. A little lost.
“So now he’s your child.” His tone is haughty. Dean meets his eyes and finds Cas looking down his nose at him, the start of a disbelieving snarl on his lips. Dean wants to scream and start snapping branches in half.
They sprint the rest of the way without saying a word to each other. Keeping pace even though Cas could fly ahead. If Dean didn’t know better he’d think Cas was enjoying stretching his legs out, long and lean, eating up the muddied earth.
“Deaaaan.” Sam whines and moves to get into the passenger side, only to yelp a little at seeing Kevin there.
Sam had nodded, unquestioning. Dean curled up on his side, facing away from Sam, and opened up his photo app. He then promptly closed his photo app and put his phone away and went to bed, like the grown-ass man he was. A few days later his conviction flagged and he started the tradition of looking at the photo before bed.
It wasn’t a problem, for the most part. The leftover grace had seared itself into a handprint after Dean struggled up out of the mud and blood of hell. After Castiel’s grace wrapped and swaddled him, warm and expansive and eventually—calming.
“It’s not all on you, Jack. But… Let me know if I hurt you again, yeah? I’ll do my best not to, but—“
The point was: moms everywhere were peacing out of their everyday lives with no warning and sexing each other up in the woods for five days straight every month. And Dean… Well, Dean kinda wanted to see.
.” Dean hisses, feeling something inside him shake and break apart, claw and snap and lash trying to hold onto what he wanted most. Luckily, Cas was already in his arms, scrambling for balance, mouth so hot and so wet and so sloppy it was going to send Dean to therapy after this.
“Henry, is this your coffee?” That’s Dennis, naturally. And he can’t lie because it’s not like anyone else has a FABINISTA traveller.
Dean rubbed his face, grimy and too warm. He hadn’t wanted to leave Jack alone to face this, aware of what losing a dad could feel like. Especially when they tried to trade their life for yours. Cas had stepped into the spray from the monster's maw, flinging himself as big and wide as he could to keep Jack from being touched by the poison. It had worked, but he’d dropped instantly. Dean had managed to get a headshot on the freak and rushed to Cas’ side— but he was too late. Jack was already there crumpled on his knees trying to shake Cas awake.
Soon enough, Sam’s conked out against the back of the bench seat and Dean turns onto the highway, streetlights getting taller around him as he pushes his foot down, steady and still.
Would it be a fetus? Animal? Would it be a speck of light and time stretching and pulling at the fabric of reality but only within the realm of his own stomach? Or the opposite, some sort of dark hole within him.
He digs around in his pockets and holds out a fistful of shiny brochures of students smiling on a campus that clearly isn’t this one. Kevin still has his face covered, so Dean nudges him with the bundle. Kevin makes a noise and goes to swat Dean away before he notices what he’s being nudged with.
“Fuck you. No, look.” Harris tries to indicate subtly, but Becca looks past the figure on the bench, so eventually he gives up and points. The guy on the bench doesn’t look up. He has a rumpled trenchcoat and his tie loose. He’s in dress shoes, on this muddy day after rain in the park. He’s also eating a sheet cake. Like a whole one. A square one. Methodically too. He’s got a fork and he’s approaching it from one corner.
Dean bites him sharp, a reward. He thuds back into the tree, shirt riding up and the bark digging into his exposed tender skin. Dean sucks in a breath, the spring night air still clinging to a hint of winter past, even this late in the season.
Cas is more than capable of atrocities, but he would do anything in his power— including commiting said atrocities— to keep Dean from feeling bad about himself.
“You need to know at least the basics. You’re coming into this course two weeks late. What if they ask you something?” Sam says.
Cas’s gaze flicks to meet his own, quick and reflective. Dean takes a massive bite out of his turkey club—one that would make Sam flinch and throw napkins at him. Cas just maintains eye contact, tilts his head the slightest bit. Dean chews with his mouth open. Cas gives him a ghost of a smile over the dirty formica table top.
Seeing Abigail wiggle a vertebrate out of her son’s neck and push a broom handle into the space left behind is what does it. The bone slaps onto the floor, bright bright red and ruddy. It rolls across the ground and one of the other women picks it up. Dean doesn’t recognize her but he sees the bone rising to her lips and her naked greedy smile and he cracks her skull faster then blinking. A chunk of her hair catches his watch and it lifts the part of the skull it was attached to, spraying gore out across a floor that was crying out for varnish. Blood soaks in fast on dry wood. Dean whirls and his eyes fix on the next mother.
Cas starts pulling harder, breath in short gasps. Dean takes this as a cue to go deeper. Judging by Cas’ noises, he’s right, and that alone has him gagging for it; moving slow and deep. Cas is tight around him, and Dean can barely stand it. How is this
When he’s finished, and Dean is still inhaling his food like it’s going somewhere, he closes the knife and slides it back across the table. But Dean looks up, frowning, sauce dribbling down the side of his mouth. He dashes it away roughly with one of the thin serviettes that came with the meal.
They hear the singing before they spot anyone through the trees. It weaves its way through the trunks, strangely physical and clear despite the distance and the fact it was… you know. A sound.
Dean’s making apple turn-overs. He isn’t sure why— but something about the general air of the day demanded he bake, and specifically bake something distinctly apple-brown-sugar warm.
Kevin can’t help a little snort. The image of Sam debating punching one of the windows out of Dean’s beloved car or getting trapped like a baby until he started playing games on his phone was a funny one.
The skin around Cas’ eyes tightens. Pained. A pang of it swims across his expression. “You never have.”
By the time Dean ambles over Kevin already has food, and it’s exactly as warm as he hoped, the smell weighing heavy on the air around him. Sam joins him across the table, setting down his and Dean’s food.
“Well, if the professor wasn’t prepared to talk about this stuff she shouldn’t be the one teaching the course—!”
“Well. Maybe you can come by office hours and we can… discuss the theory further?” She said, a weird gentle tone taking over her voice.
a few things.” For some reason he looks at Kevin in the rearview when he says this, like he’s supposed to have a response. Or to back him up or something. He bops his eyebrows twice.
Sam’s sniffling into a paper napkin, branded with the red and yellow Danny’s logo. Dean rolls his eyes. Jack’s grin is back up to blinding, and Dean hasn’t even made his actual apology yet.
A bloody one. The kind that really sold newspapers. Some of the violence checked out with the lore, sons’ heads on pikes, ripped limb from limb, treated like animals. But… the mothers. Sam knew that had been Dean and Cas, not some sort of elaborate ritual suicide. The violence and the gore and the viscera that had sent the reports into such a tizy… that had been his brother and an
And he doesn’t want Sam anywhere fucking near the wrongness that is screaming inside him. Urging him and tugging at him to do something bloody and brutal. His vision swims and Sam is still there. Still refusing to move. It feels like all of his teeth are loose and garbled in his mouth, like his bones are breaking in fistfuls and all he wants to do is rend.
at him for saving his life. Pissed at him for not getting the kiss over with sooner, for not waking him. What the
Sensationalist reporters flocked. As they tend to do whenever something that looked kinda culty if you turned your head and squinted sprung up. This one really didn't take that much squinting since… well. It was a cult.
They stand in the forest together and finally Dean draws back, ruffling Jack’s hair. Jack grins up at him from under his messy locks. That’s his boy.
, Sammy.” Dean’s reaching for something else to say, to actually convince him, because it’s not like Sam is going to fucking
God, the number of times Dean’s asked himself that. With wonder or frustration, rage or trepidation. Fear or hope. Can Cas feel it too?
“Yeah. Judith Butler. Second Wave. The whole she-bang. These are the only two courses the victims had in common.” Sam leaned against the island in the middle of the kitchen, ducking his posture a little to maintian eye-contact with Dean.
