Blowing out a steadying breath, Sherlock turned his attention back to John’s cock straining from beneath the trousers. He used two fingers to push aside the fabric, coaxing John out on his own as he flipped open the lube one handed and squirted a bit into his palm. The crown caught on the edge of his fly and Sherlock bent nearly in half to place his lips against the skin he could reach. By slowly sucking on the exposed parts of John’s cock, he managed to bring it to enough fullness that the rest of it broke free and stood proudly up from John’s body. Running only his eyes up the length of it, Sherlock considered briefly before moving up to swallow it straight down to the root.
Sherlock shuffled his bare feet, his eyes falling down to stare at John’s chest. “I…wanted to see what else he might do. How desperate he might get to have us do as he wanted when he thought we didn’t suspect him.”
Once John had calmed slightly and looked up at him, Sherlock nodded his head down at John’s hands. “Hold on,” he said and dropped his top half down onto the bed to bring John’s cock into easier access to his mouth. John sucked in one final breath and stared down at Sherlock’s arse in the air to focus as Sherlock took him down once more.
“Might as well give him both; who knows when he’ll want to burst in for some reason or other and it’ll be best to give him the means rather than waiting for him to figure out a way to open it on his own.”
This is literally just sex, btdubs.  The following includes fluff, sentiment, emotions, giggling, a bit of scar worship, sensitive nipples, demanding bottom!Sherlock, enthusiastic consent, and a whole lot of fun times all around.
“Maybe I haven’t said anything because I don’t think it’s possible for you to do any good!”
“John,” Sherlock gasped, his pupils blown wide.  “Take me to bed.”
John shuffled through the construction paper, markers, and stickers they had been given and placed some before both of them.  “Well that’s no fun.  Ev’rybody should have friends.  But don’t worry, Sherlock Holmes, I’m gonna be your friend now, k?”  Sherlock’s mouth gaped in surprise, but John didn’t notice.  He had moved on to carefully creating the perfect candy cane on his paper, a tiny bit of his tongue sticking out of the corner of his mouth in his focus.  Sherlock shook himself slightly and took up a marker for his own picture, uncapping it but keeping it held aloft over the page.  He thought for a moment before turning back to John.
“John!” Sherlock gasped, his head darting around in both alarm and arousal.  “What are you – “
She stared at him blankly for a moment, long enough that John worried he’d shocked her too much with his bluntness.  He was about to get to his feet to check on her properly when suddenly she burst into giggles.  It was John’s turn to gape as tears rolled down her face in her attempt to calm her laughter.  Eventually they subsided into the occasional chuckle as she looked at him with fond, if somewhat watery, eyes.
“Boys?  You left one of your bags from last night down in my flat.  I just found it on my kitchen table and thought I’d bring it up.”
“You have magic, then?”  Sherlock’s head shot up when he asked.  “The name in the book really was yours?”
“I might be inclined to share, given the right…incentive,” the man drawled casually.  Sherlock’s lips pursed into a thin line and he darted around to hold out a hand to Harry.
“Oi!” he declared, turning to frown up at the fairy light thief.  The man stared indifferently down at him, the other two boxes already secured into the crook of his elbow, and seemed almost bored as he watched John fume.  John was taken aback for a moment by the impressive man for a moment before he let his anger override his arousal.  “What the hell, mate?  You’ve already got two boxes, what the fuck do you need the one I already had for?”
He clamored out of bed like a child at Christmas, yanking his dressing gown over his clothes from the day before.  He’d only managed to drag a single arm through a sleeve before he skidded to a halt, eyes growing enormous at the pile of books John left on the coffee table.  His knees folded under him as he knelt on the floor before it to pull them forward, carefully sifting through the pile to study their titles.  John, meanwhile, lay snoring on the couch on the opposite side, the blanket from over his armchair draped across him.  He quickly twitched awake at the sounds of Sherlock shuffling through the books, blinking over at him with a grin.
“Who are you really?” Sherlock asked quietly.  Doyle lowered Cecelia slightly to properly blink across at him.  “You’ve revealed your great plot, but this is about more than all of that.  You know more about Cecelia and our lives than any old Death Eater who once knew Mary.  Surely we have met before.”
Sherlock breathed out a sigh and ran a hand through his hair.  “Not a wizard, then.  Not enough to attend Hogwarts, at least.”
“You got me.  The pure pain that comes from living in close proximity to that fine arse but knowing it belongs to Molly Hooper has finally come out.  I’m sorry, Greg, I’m not sure if I can deal with this extreme pining much longer.”
John grinned wider when Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “It’s counterproductive to ask me out on the date when we’ve been on it for hours, John.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“And that was before we even got together,” John added.  Ron tapped the appropriate sequence of brinks and Sherlock watched in silent fascination as the wall shifted to reveal Diagon Alley.  He would have remained frozen at the entrance if John hadn’t pulled him along by the hand.  Letting him gape at his surroundings in peace, he turned back to Ron.  “You said something about opening a shop?”
He managed to shout out a thank you before pulling his head from the fire and bolting back to Sherlock.  He motioned him to follow and the pair raced to the headmistress’ office, Cecelia safely tucked back into the wrap on John’s chest.  Both of them were out of breath by the time John wheezed out the password and they chased the twirling stairs to the top.
“Met Luna, have you?” he asked.  At Sherlock’s baffled expression, John raised a brow at him.  “Yeah, she does that to people.  Don’t worry about it, she’s a bit of an original.  Good to see she’s settled down with someone, though.”
“I remember that, back when you were a baby,” John interjected with a faraway smile.  “Tonks and Remus asked me to look after you for an evening so they could take care of some Order business.  I think your gran was grateful for the break; you were on a bird kick and it was a bit hard to keep control of you when you weren’t even on the ground.”
“This is amazing,” John muttered just loud enough to be heard over the purr of the engine.  Sherlock cocked his head around enough to glance back at him and John swore his pupils were blown to erase any shred of colour to his eyes.  The light changed before Sherlock had the chance to reply, but John took the sudden lurch forward as an opportunity to thrust his groin against Sherlock’s backside.  Sherlock’s groan was lost in the growl of the bike as it shot around the corner onto Gower.
“You blame yourself for her alcoholism, since she didn’t begin drinking until after you started school.  You’re so adamant to help her overcome it because, according to your logic, you were the one to cause it.”  Sherlock’s eyes were sharp with veiled concern when they met John’s.  “It wasn’t your fault, John.  You cannot be blamed for being born what you are.”
“Talk to Mycroft, maybe?”  When Sherlock’s face contorted into a frown of disgust, John laughed low.  “Yeah, shitty option, I know, but it seems like that would be the only way to get what you need.  Is it worth it to get what you’re after?”
– that we were already naturals because we took care of him.  I suppose he just connects with them easier, and they can sense that in him.”
“Very well,” Sherlock said with a nod. “I’ll ensure that a few members of my network remain in the area just to be cautious. I’d rather be overly careful and certain nothing happens than leave the situation to chance.” With that, he swept from the building, John shooting them all hasty goodbyes as he followed quickly behind.
“Yes.” Sherlock busied himself with collecting his half finished meal and mug. “Well, I need to do some work before tomorrow’s performance. We’ll decide on the theme of the evening before we go?”
John squinted at it, trying to figure out what was wrong.  He realized suddenly that the star and moon shapes, usually white and dark blue, were changing colours.  As he watched, they shifted from bright green to yellow.  John let out a low laugh and moved his hand up to Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Sherlock,” he huffed, his breath barely enough to speak.  “Please…please tell me…you’re close.”
Tumblr: futureofthemasses
“I wrote a letter to Dumbledore.  I explained who I was and the story behind you and your magic.  I…had noticed that you were brilliant like myself and recalled the troubles I had dealt with my entire life, being characterized as the genius and made into an outcast by the other children constantly because of it, and expected you would experience as well.  Your emotions were more unguarded than mine, however, and I expected that as difficult as it had been for me, it would be significantly worse for you.  I may have exaggerated slightly in describing these potential issues when I wrote of them to Dumbledore.”
Sherlock turned enough toward John to see him rolling his eyes.
“Mary is dead,” John replied flatly.  The sadness that had taken his voice over whenever discussing her the last few weeks was finally gone.  “She explained herself first, for which I am grateful, but yeah, she’s gone.  Practically gave us her blessing before offing herself, actually.”
Edit: also yes I did try to post this just as AO3 was down nice job me
As one, John and Sherlock rushed back outdoors and up to the cliff, both of them halting a few feet away from the figure. When they drew closer, the outline of slim shoulders and short blonde hair became more prominent. Even though their progress out to her was nearly silent, she turned her head slightly when they froze to shoot them a sad smile.
“I’ve never heard of any ways to check other than just asking a person,” John replied thoughtfully.  “I mean, it’s rare enough that you don’t exactly go out of your way to ask every witch or wizard you meet if they’re a metamorphmagus.  It just sort of came up with Tonks – one day she went to bed with short brown hair and came down the next morning with long blue hair.  Naturally we were all a bit confused, and she just told us what she was upfront.”
“Now you’re the one covered in come,” John remarked quietly. Sherlock looked down at himself and half shrugged a shoulder.
“Do you like it?”  Sherlock’s voice was small before John spun around to face him.  He hovered in the doorway, his face lowered as he looked up at John through his lashes.  He swayed slightly with Cecelia on his hip, rubbing her back as she looked into the room with curiosity.
Violet and Stephen shared a brief look before she cleared her throat.  “Your grandparents didn’t have the skill, but when I was born they were sent a letter.  It said that I possessed a small amount of magic and, depending on how it developed as I grew older, I might receive a letter of invitation.  On my eleventh birthday, Hogwarts sent me another informing me that I would not be able to attend.  We didn’t think much of it at the time – I hardly ever showed any skill, usually just the accidental flickering of lights or something similar when I was upset.  It never escalated beyond that, even now, so we never thought of it past that.  Until you were born.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he glanced at John’s wand.  Turning around with a swish of his dressing gown, he went into the corner where his violin sat.  He pulled the bow out of its case with a flourish and returned to John, nodding for him to continue.  John’s eyebrows nearly disappeared into his hairline in surprise, but he gave himself a shake and cleared his throat.
John gave the room one last once over after he shrunk the fireplace and made sure it was out.  Smiling sadly to himself, he silently took out his wand and in seconds left Baker Street behind.
"Do not call him that," John snapped harshly, causing her to jump in the first genuine reaction they had seen from her yet. "Don't you dare make him sound like he was some all powerful master, like he was deserving of some great respect. Lord Voldemort was as evil a creature to have been born and he wasn't worthy to breathe, let alone live for as long as he did."
John glanced at the boxes and rows of clothes, scanning over them quickly and coming to a decision. “Strip down to your pants,” he said, his voice just slightly softer than the harshness of a direct command. Sherlock followed his demand immediately, folding each piece as he removed it and stacking them on a chair. Meanwhile John found a box he noticed the day before and started digging through it, looking for a piece that had caught his eye. He found it easily, and the fabric was even softer than he expected, causing him to pause to rub it between his fingers before straightening.
“LEGO!” she yelled, trading her pink crayon for a green one.  The man sat at the other table huffed in irritation, but John was more concerned about the librarian’s reaction than his.  He had turned around at Jane’s exclamation, narrowing silver blue eyes on the two of them.  At first his attention settled on Jane, his mouth turning into a slight scowl.  His eyes shifted his glare at John, widening when they instantly met John’s.  His eyebrows shot up and he quickly turned back to the bookshelf, the back of his neck turning an attractive shade of red.  The corner of John’s mouth twitched up in a grin and he ducked his head closer to Jane.
“Wasn’t the first time she’s experienced that, unfortunately, and that was a lot more tame than anything she’s heard before.”  Sherlock lifted his head to look at John, whose eyes wrinkled in the corners from memories.  “I did tell you things with Mary weren’t great.  We were basically in it just for Cecelia, but it was fairly obvious where my heart actually was.”
Both of Dumbledore’s bushy brows rose in surprise.  “That’s interesting to hear, considering a letter was sent to the Holmes residence on your eleventh birthday, Sherlock.”
“After a few years in the British government, the Minister for Magic at the time approached me with the thought of becoming the Muggle liaison.  Due to my connection with you, and therefore my knowledge of magic despite being a Muggle, it was believed that I would be the ideal candidate for the position.  The fewer Muggles to know of the world, the better off everyone was.  I accepted the offer when it was given to me, hoping that it would be another way for me to look over you, particularly since you were openly rejecting me by that point.”
“No need to apologize.”  They both fell silent, John watching Cecelia and Sherlock continuing to pace.  “Sherlock, you okay?”
“What makes you say that?” John felt as though his stomach was lodged in his throat and he took another drink to try and clear it.
John, Sherlock, and Cecelia settle in at Hogwarts and begin searching to find out who exactly Mary Morstan was or is.
Sherlock strolled over to where John was sipping his wine and leaning against the mantle.  “Shall we?  It won’t get any easier the longer we wait.”
“The performers are the only ones who directly interact and speak with each of the audience members other than Niall and Ian,” Sherlock explained, keeping his voice low. “They have a few individuals who consistently attend each week and I suspect one of them may be the culprit. The only way I can interview them without raising suspicion is if I act as one of the performers with you as a bodyguard of sorts.”
, my sunshine, I love you, but your timing’s just as shit as Mrs. Hudson’s.”  She blinked up at him and mumbled meaningless noises, reaching her hands up to him.  John huffed out a laugh and did as he was bid, moving to get her ready for the day.
John felt Sherlock take a deep breath in, savouring the rise and fall at his stomach that told him he was alive and with him.  Feeling tears start to twinge at his eyes, John snuffled into Sherlock’s neck and raised his head.  He eyed the jagged dashes, long since healed, and let his fingers flex as he shifted them back around to smooth across the marks.  Sherlock tensed briefly, his spine going ramrod straight.  When John began to lightly massage him, starting at his shoulders and neck and gradually moving down to knead the skin under the scars, the stiffness weakened and he pressed back into John.  He sighed and slumped his chin to his chest, a complete giving over of himself to John, and John leaned forward to place a barely there kiss on the topmost scar.  It started close to where the entrance wound was on John’s own shoulder and crossed almost the entire length of Sherlock’s back in a diagonal line of possession.  John followed it with wet lips and soft kisses, covering the longest of the scars with signs of his ownership.  By the time he reached the bottom, Sherlock was quivering in his grip and John pulled him into his chest in a tight hug.
, John went to the hospital wing in the morning as usual.  Sherlock headed to the library, hoping to get into the restricted section to search for more books on technology and magic.  He didn’t show up at the Great Hall for lunch, unsurprising given how often he normally missed that meal when Cecelia wasn’t with him to remind him.  Frankly, John was grateful he had some time away from Sherlock, his nerves growing increasingly worse as the day went on.  He eventually gave up on doing any more work, leaving a sign on the hospital wing door on how to contact him as he locked up.
(P.S. One of my favorite, favorite, FAVORITE Sherlock fanartists, Kelly or anotherwellkeptsecret on Tumblr, opened up commissions recently.  In order to get myself motivated to finish this, I asked for her to do a scene from this story, the bit in chapter seven where Sherlock first tries John's wand.  It came out absolutely magnificent.  Please please please check it out and rave over how fantastic Kelley's skills are here: http://anotherwellkeptsecret.tumblr.com/post/124038351044/greyscale-lineart-commission-for# )
Aaaaand we're finally back.  Sorry, y'all, my beta slash former flatmate finally got a full time job (YEAH YOU ADULT) so the process was slowed a bit so that she could move and get herself situated.  BUT next chapter is the last which means it's time to finally wrap some shit up.
OKAY we're back.  221b con was amazing and it was sooooo great to meet some of you guys in real life!
“Keeper.  When I first tried out in my second year, they tried to get me to be a seeker because of my size, but I was bored out of my skull.  Sure, when you spot the snitch it’s thrilling as hell, but most of the game you spend sitting around watching.  When I was a keeper, I could keep track of all the action still but actually got involved too.  Keeper’s basically a goalie in football but more exciting since it’s in the air and with three hoops instead of one goal.”
“That’s why I’m here,” he replied.  She squealed and started to squirm in his grip.  Once he let her down, she raced off back to her friends and John was able to turn his attention back to Sherlock.  “So what exactly are we doing today?”
Sherlock nodded and looked over John’s shoulder at Greg.  “You’re a Lestrange.”
and used that as well as what I remembered of it from our time there to base it off the part of the ceiling that’s over the Hufflepuff table.  I don’t want to try and influence Cecelia when she goes to Hogwarts, because of course she will, you know she’ll start showing signs of magic soon, but since I don’t technically have a House, I thought yours might be a good one, besides it can act as a good representation of you, so the meaning behind it was best, I thought…”
“What’s that phrase you always use?  Something about eliminating the impossible and what’s left is the truth?  Care to test out that theory here?”
Cecelia climbed up between them and Sherlock placed the album carefully on her lap.  Albus and Scorpius followed her, each of them sitting on one of the arms of the sofa so that they could see as well.  Cecelia flipped through the pages without too much interest until she found the images of John when he was older and looked more like himself.  Her eyes widened and she pointed at one of them with enthusiasm.
Heyyyyyyy y'all.  Sorry, real life caught up with me again.  But good news - I will officially be attending London Metropolitan University this fall to get my Masters in creative writing!  I'm super excited and crazy nervous, but I won't be going alone and it's definitely a needed thing to happen.  So I give you a celebratory chapter!  Complete with cliffhanger!  Not much more to say on it...next chapter is the Big Encounter, so this is just the bit leading up to it.  Thanks as always for everyone's comments, follows, and kudos!
As soon as the door clicked closed in the distance, John huffed out a sigh.  “Sherlock, we can’t just pop off to Hogwarts whenever we feel like it.  It’s a Monday at the end of September, there are classes on.  Besides, I’m sure Mycroft’s got to be going off to work at some point.”
“Yes,
“I need you in me,” Sherlock said, reaching a hand up to wrap around the back of John’s neck.  “Please, John, I need you.”
“I meant as more than friends, John,” Sherlock said with a sigh. When he tried to pull his hand away, John held on tighter.
Sherlock waved a distracted hand at John and shoved the book from his lap to stand and pace.  “No matter.  An unfortunate thing that I couldn’t question them first, but I know well enough without it.  I need everything, absolutely
, is what I am meant to be doing.”
Sherlock kissed him with a grin.  “I remember.  And excellent save.”  With that, he stepped into the fire and they were off.
John couldn’t help but watch Sherlock’s swaying hips as he ascended the stairs and guided them to the bed. Once beside it, Sherlock turned back around until they faced each other again, keeping their hands lightly clasped. John desperately wanted to kiss him, but he’d purposefully avoided it from the start. Kissing was intimate, done between people who loved each other, and he didn’t want their first one to be for a case. Sherlock deserved as many kisses as John could bestow, but only when they both truly meant it and not just for show.
"It shouldn't have mattered!" John screamed, going to leap at her but held back by Sherlock's firm grip on his arms. "These were lives, human lives, who were part of a family! It shouldn't have fucking
“So if you’ve got all this security in place, then what’s the problem?” John asked.
At first, it seemed as though this attempt would too be a failure.  After a few seconds of waiting, however, a few trickles of water sputtered out of the end of John’s wand.  It shuddered briefly, releasing a sudden violent stream of water, before going still once more.
His leg seared with pain once he had enough focus to attend to it.  The curse he’d taken there during the final battle nearly always hurt after he Apparated, whether from the spell itself or from the rough landing.  It gave out on him suddenly now, causing Sherlock to shoot out a free arm to help steady him to the ground.  John leaned back against the base of the statue to stretch his leg out, cringing as the pull of rough muscles sent spasms of pain through his leg.
Her confused expression immediately lit up in excitement.  She clapped her hands and John had to lunge forward to catch the first ring before it flew across the room.  He slipped them back into their bag and pulled the strings taut.  Tucking the bag away into his trouser pocket, he pushed himself to his feet and held out a hand for Cecelia to grab.
“Godric’s Hollow – it’s where Harry and his family live.  His parents were living here when they were killed, so the statue is in memory of them.”  John cocked his head to the side with a frown.  “Hold on, it’s got enchantments on it so only wizards can see it.  It’s not just an obelisk to you?”
Grumbling into his wine, Sherlock stared into the fire.  “Yes, I suppose I did.  I wanted to make sure she had a safe place here.  So that she knew that while she was at Baker Street, she would always be welcome and protected.”
” she cried, her face breaking out into a smile.
“It’s fine, John, this was hardly my first blow job.” John’s face must have shown some of the jealous rage that bubbled up from his gut at the remark because he was quick to continue. “If you’d like, you can look it over later when we get home.”
John clenched his eyes shut to hold back his tears.  “I know.  That’s why we’ve got to go back.  Who knows where we are in this damn forest and how much further we have to go.  Hell, they could still be on the move – “
Sherlock skipped down to the ground floor, Mycroft following behind more sedately.  James rose to his feet in Mrs. Hudson’s sitting room, gingerly hefting Cecelia out of Mrs. Hudson’s hands.  He shuffled through the kitchen, Thor following behind, to stand next to John and pass Cecelia over.  “Here, best take her.  I’m always afraid I’m going to drop her.”  He turned a crooked smile on Mycroft.  “When did you get back?  We didn’t even hear you go upstairs.”
“I made it.” At John’s silence, Sherlock spotted his stunned expression and rolled his eyes. “I already had the dildo and it was fairly simple to purchase the gun online. A bit of engineering and we have that. It was only the work of an afternoon.”
“So something’s up with the prisoners.  Any idea what?”
John's salty today because I'm salty today.  Also he's literal trash.  Let John swear 2k17.
John nodded into Sherlock’s collar, attempting to rein his joy in enough to step back.  “Right, yeah, sorry.  Be back in a tick.”
Moving his hand away to grasp his own cock, John shifted Sherlock to float above him in the water and give him more space.  He teased the tip along Sherlock’s cleft, resulting in Sherlock thrusting up enough that his cock breached the water’s surface.  Sherlock gaped down at it in brief surprise, John attempting to stifle his giggles into Sherlock’s shoulder.  With a glare back at him, Sherlock settled back down into the water and, in the process, forced the first half of John’s cock inside of him.  They both froze, John’s laughter dying in his throat to become a moan, and John thrust back until he was fully seated.
Sherlock’s forehead knitted in confusion as he clutched Thor closer, his gaze shifting between Mycroft and John.  “How do you mean?”
With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock straightened. “Yes, Doctor. I’ll be late.”
An hour later: ew okay this is gross we gotta shower
I lived right down the road from this area for a short period of time when I was in London, which is the only reason I chose this specific location.  There is, in fact, a pub right across from one of the Paddington tube stations and a Costa not much farther down that we stopped in before going to one of the days of Sherlocked this past September.  Also this is the closest I have ever come to a coffee shop au and that is frankly a travesty, why didn't I make this a legit coffee shop au.
“I hope that this means we’ll be seeing more of you, John,” she said while kissing his cheek.  She did the same to Sherlock, to his surprise, and lightly patted the spot once she moved away.  “You as well, Sherlock.  We owe you so much for getting him back to us and we have quite a bit of catching up to do with both of you.  I look forward to finding out how your magic and those cases of yours are doing.”
When John came downstairs from his room on Monday morning, it was to an empty flat and a missing bag. He hoped that meant Sherlock was working on his clothes for the night rather than just focusing on possible suspects. As it grew closer to the time when they needed to be at the exhibit, John felt his nerves jolting in a harsh reminder of what he and Sherlock would be doing shortly. In his distress over performing sexual acts with him, John had managed to completely forget that they would be doing so in front of a crowd. He never thought of himself as much of an exhibitionist, and thinking about sharing those moments with Sherlock for the first time in front of a bunch of strangers made him sick to his stomach. The only advantage, he attempted to remind himself, was that the audience would help him keep in mind that the acts would only be for the sake of the case.
John trudged up the stairs to the flat, grateful to finally end an exhausting week with a tea with a splash of brandy, heavy on the brandy. He’d doubled his hours at the clinic, a pacifying move meant to make it up to Sarah for all of the times he’d had to run off in the middle of a shift after Sherlock. Sherlock huffed over John’s insistence that he had to do it, as usual, but surprisingly refrained from interrupting his days, at least until he came home and was more readily at his disposal. The good news was that he had the next few days off without a sign of a case from the blog, hopefully leaving him the chance to relax and catch up on the sleep he lost spending every free moment being bossed around by patients and Sherlock.
“I’m sure we both understand quite well what you meant,” John interrupted in a clipped voice.  “I’m done here for the day, but I plan on bringing Mary and the baby round tomorrow afternoon before we head back to London.  Do me the favour of being gone by then, if nothing else.”  He continued to make his way back to the car, the shouts of Harry calling his name carrying across the cemetery long after he was gone.
“Mm, if I had a catch such as you, I’d make sure you never forgot who you belonged to.”  Before he could continue any further, John approached with fresh drinks and a frown of confusion.  He glanced between Doyle’s grinning face and Sherlock’s dark one as he sidled past Doyle to retake his seat.
!  He says he hasn’t, but there are tea stains in it, and I never read it and drink tea at the same time!  There was that one time, but it was a completely different book, and these stains don’t look right!  James uses more milk than me and the stains are way too light to be from my tea!”
“Merely a professor, Mr. Holmes, thank you,” she replied, fully entering the room and settling herself on the very edge of John’s armchair.  “I’m afraid my field of expertise hardly ever goes on to the level of that sort of mastery.”
He always hated how early it would get dark during the winter.  London boasted fairly grey skies this time of year that occasionally hinted at snow and provided rain instead, so walking into an outdoors that looked as though it was nearly nine at night when it was really half five instantly dropped his already exhausted mood.  John let out a great sigh as he pulled his coat collar closer to his neck and set off in the darkness towards the closest tube station.  As he turned down a corner, he spotted a local Chinese restaurant he barely paid any attention to before.  Tonight it caused him to stop in his tracks as he considered the lackluster microwave meal and empty flat waiting for him.  Deciding that if nothing else he deserved to let someone else make him dinner after the day he had, he changed course and made for the restaurant.
“Sherlock,” John interrupted, picking up the note and turning back to him. Sherlock straightened sharply from the sink where he was washing his hands and dried them with a shake, approaching John with a frown. He snatched up the paper and unfolded it, John coming to stand at his side to read along with him.
The Auror winced and refused to meet Harry’s eye.  “Ah…it’s Doyle, sir.  He’s gone.”
Sherlock had approached the barrier around the car as John spoke, his head darting between looking at it and attempting to see further into the exhibit.  As John came to stand at his side, he whipped around to grasp his face in his massive hands, placing a fierce kiss on his lips.  When he finally pulled away, John was staring up at him, a slightly glazed expression on his face.  Sherlock’s head fell forward to rest their foreheads together, his smile wide enough that John felt it against his mouth.  He responded with a series of small kisses of his own before forcing himself to pull away and guide Sherlock into the exhibit.
They trudged across the snow dusted lawn and reached a gravel path that led to the cabins.  John felt Sherlock stiffen as he released his hand to dig out the key and John shot him a raised eyebrow.  Sherlock managed a small smile in reply before John pushed open the large wooden door and found all of his attention caught on the room within.
“So this was what you were doing on Oxford Street the other day,” he said, passing it to Sherlock.  “Made another stop at Lush, did you?”
She moved to stand at his side, placing a hand on his shoulder and smiling.  “John doesn’t perform much magic at home, does he?” she asked.  Sherlock shook his head and Molly lifted her wand, nodding her chin to encourage him to do the same.  Moving a tentative hand into his sleeve, he slipped his wand from its sheath and waited for Molly’s direction.  She turned him to face the sink, glancing down into it in search of something.  Pulling out a dirty spoon, she placed it on the sink top and lifted her wand, waiting for Sherlock to do the same.  He copied the motion and watched as she pointed her wand at the end of the spoon, saying, “Scourgify!”  The shallow, dipped end shuddered and the leftover pastry dough vanished.  She waved at him to do the same, smiling encouragingly.
“That one wasn’t long after our last game of the season, actually,” John said wistfully.  “We just barely beat Slytherin, one eighty to one seventy.  A bunch of the other seventh years and I decided to just have a scrimmage as a last hurrah type of thing.”  He pointed to the woman standing next to him, whom he had his arm draped over her shoulders.  As they watched, she latched her arms around his waist and squeezed him tightly, pulling a laugh out of him.  Sherlock heard the John seated next to him swallow and he clenched the fist that wasn’t holding his present.
When Sherlock tried to turn back around, John moved his hands down to his shoulders and gave him a small shake.  “Listen to me!  We need help, we need to tell Minerva and Harry.  We can’t keep going on our own.  It might put her in even more danger than she already is.”
Hermione flushed at the compliments.  “It’s a challenge, but surprisingly I’ve enjoyed it.  Kingsley did half of the hard work for me by revamping the entire Ministry for the better.  He deserves his peaceful retirement.”
“Mould culture?”
Heyyyy welcome to 2021 y'all, hopefully the year when this fic is finally finished. Sorry again for dropping off, 2020 was absolute chaos for multiple reasons (and this year is already starting to look just as mad) but we're here and we've got fic.
“How so?”
“Stop distracting me when I’m about to teach you magic.”  He darted around Sherlock and into their room, snatching up his wand where he left it on the nightstand the evening before.  When he returned, he set a detection charm on both the sitting room and kitchen doors in case Mrs. Hudson or a client arrived before returning to Sherlock’s side.
“Please.”  Sherlock rolled his eyes.  “Surely we’ve known the Potters long enough to have heard the name Scorpius Malfoy.”
Albus and Scorpius didn’t notice anything off as they sent Cecelia along with Sherlock.  Cecelia linked hands with him and babbled about everything they had done while she was with them and Sherlock gratefully distracted himself with the conversation.  He almost felt normal again when they returned to the flat, finding it empty.  Sherlock briefly worried that something had happened to him, but Doyle couldn’t have been down bothering Sherlock and doing something to John at the same time, so he pushed his worries aside and began to help Cecelia get ready for bed.  Once they finished reading and he kissed her head good night, Sherlock made sure the flat was secure and went to find John in the hospital wing.
The shopping was completely put away and the pram back in its rightful place downstairs when he made it back to the main part of the flat.  A single mug of steaming tea sat on the kitchen table and when John looked around, he spotted Sherlock at the desk with his own cup.  John picked his up and brought it out into the sitting room, walking to his chair and sitting on the arm.  They sat in silence drinking their tea, Sherlock clutching his tightly and staring down into it.
Chuckling, John slid the pen from Sherlock’s hand and replaced it with his wand.  “Well, as I expected, you have the theory down perfectly.  Now give it a shot with that.”
“Easier said than done. This group flocks to you like flies on honey.”
“Sorry, we’re not quite used to all this,” John explained, waving his hands between the vehicle and the car seat in turn.  “Usually stick to walking and the pram, honestly.  We’re a bit out of practice.”
“That…wasn’t supposed to happen.”  John blinked slowly up at Sherlock, whose round eyes were locked on him.  He reached down and snatched the wand up to hold it out to Sherlock, who cowered ever so slightly away.  “Go on, then, take it.  I want you to try something.”
“We didn’t set a password, but we can if you two would prefer it,” Neville said as he led them inside.  The first room was a small but cozy sitting room with two armchairs, echoing the setup in 221b.  A miniature kitchenette, nothing more than would be found in a hotel room, sat directly across from the fireplace and chairs.  They could make out a narrow hallway across from the door that presumably led to a pair of bedrooms.  John suspected McGonagall was behind the various homey touches, but he didn’t think on it very hard before flopping down into the more comfortable looking of the pair of seats.  Sherlock followed his example, albeit more gracefully due to the bundle on his chest.  “I’ll leave you all to rest.  If you need anything, there’s Floo Powder in that green urn – feel free to give Minerva or me a call.  We’ll keep our fires lit.”  John replied with a smile and a wave, and Neville left them with a dull thud from the closing door.
This one is one of my favorites of these yet.  Big thanks to
“No, there was nothing. We had employees and security watching it constantly. How on earth does this keep happening?”
McGonagall smirked at him and rested a hand on the railing.  “Can’t you deduce it?”
The rest of the event passed in a blur for John. He felt even more in tune to Sherlock than usual, as though he sensed his vulnerability through the connection they created during the scene. They really didn’t need to speak, John feeling the slight trembles in Sherlock’s hands and arm when he needed him to be closer and Sherlock immediately coming back to John’s side when he noticed the uneasy turn of John’s mouth if he stepped too far away. They both let out a sigh of relief as the audience left for the evening and John immediately started to guide Sherlock to their dressing room.
Sherlock blushed again and rubbed his fingers along one of the ruffles. “Oh. Well. Thank you.” He looked back up at John through his lashes. “We should find you some boots. A taller pair would go well with your outfit.”
“The quill doesn’t matter,” Mycroft said low so that only Sherlock could hear.  “Your magic defied it and denied it the chance to be less than it should be.  Just as you always have.”
“There’s Albus, about halfway down,” he said as Sherlock attempted to spot him.  “He’s next to the boy with white blonde hair.”  Just as John mentioned him, the blonde turned and glanced up at the head table.  He spotted John, Sherlock, and Cecelia almost instantly and prodded Albus, getting him to look up at the table with indistinguishable words and a pointing finger.  Albus broke out in a smile and they both waved up at them.  John waved back while Cecelia nearly jumped out of her seat to go see him.  John managed to stop her just in time, pulling her into her chair by the back of her robes.
“Doyle came back after you left,” Sherlock said quietly, keeping his eyes closed.  “He…isn’t always particularly kind to me when he finds me on my own.  I suppose I’ve grown weaker as I get older and can no longer simply toss aside whatever someone says any longer.”
“It’s the least I can do, given what has happened.  Is Cecelia…”
“She’s killed you once by Muggle means and I’m not going to give her the chance to do it again!” John roared, bringing Sherlock to a stunned halt.  He approached Sherlock as he yelled, only stopping when they were so close that the tips of their shoes touched.  John pulled in a ragged breath that fluttered across Sherlock’s cheek when he released it, causing Sherlock to instinctively shudder.  When he spoke, it was barely loud enough for even Sherlock to hear.  “She will never be allowed to hurt you again.  As long as I’m alive and breathing, she will never hurt us again.”
“Jesus…” John muttered, sitting up from his sprawled position to tentatively crawl closer to the creature.  In response, he straightened and shuffled back into the water, his eyes widening and darting behind him at the open ocean.  Instantly John froze, terrified of scaring him off, and instead raised a hand in offering.
Sherlock’s expression wavered between determined and something John couldn’t quite place.  Just as he was opening his mouth to speak, they heard footsteps coming back up the stairs and Mary call out.  “Hey Sherlock, have you got any honey up here?  Mrs. Hudson was out and I was wondering – “  Her statement cut off with a strangled noise.  The next thing they knew, she let out a muttered, “
“John!”  Sherlock gasped out his name, his eyes wide and blown.  The sight instantly called back the Sherlock of Baskervilles to John’s mind, and frankly he couldn’t blame him for the terror.  “What…that…John!”
“So, Mycroft,” John said as he grabbed his tea and sipped it.  “To what do we owe the pleasure?”
down with Mrs. H while we get everything settled up here?”
You scooped me up
“Because…I love you?”  Though he meant it to be a statement, it came out more as a question.  Sherlock’s eyes grew wide and his mouth formed a small o, causing John to shake his head in amazement.  “You can’t tell me you didn’t know.  Surely you’ve realized by now that I love you.”
Sherlock ignored John’s sarcasm and tightened his hold on the bag’s handles. “A few things I collected over the years that may be useful for costuming. Niall has a wide selection, but it doesn’t hurt to be overly prepared for all circumstances.”
Most of the room was dark, bathed in soft moonlight from the windows that flanked most of the walls.  Sherlock spotted John standing beside a bed along the left side, the glow of a lamp creating a circle of golden light around him.  From where Sherlock could see him, he was bent over the bed with his wand in his hand, guiding it from the top of the bed to the bottom.  He straightened and gestured in the air, studying the results that floated before him.  Sherlock lurked at the end of the bed next to where John worked, just outside of the light’s reach.  Simply watching John work reassured Sherlock and for the first time since Doyle showed up at the Three Broomsticks, he felt himself breathe without a sense of foreboding settling in his throat.
“None, actually, seeing as it was a gift.”  He rounded the table and held out a waiting hand.  “My coat now, please, Doyle.”
“Right.”  John smiled wider when he redirected his shouting to Greg and Molly.  “Just have to make sure Sherlock’s okay, then I’ll be back.”  He guided a stunned Sherlock along, carefully leading him inside to sit in one of the plush chairs of the campus centre.  He sat on the low table in front of him, their knees brushing together, and waited for Sherlock to meet his eyes.  “My name’s John.  You okay?”
"How could you think that, John?" Mary's eyes flashed with tears when her head shot back to face them. "I am not a monster! Cecelia is my child! I will love her, regardless of what she is, until the end of time! Nothing could ever be done to change that!"
“It’s a hell of a lot more common for wizards to marry young,” John said as he pulled away with a shrug.  “As long as you wait until she’s had the chance to graduate as well, I don’t see the problem with it.  Like I said, more than one of us was expecting it.”  His gaze shot down to Cecelia staring up at him.  He reached a hand out to lay it gently on her head.”  “Sorry, Síleas my girl.  Just don’t go blabbing to your mum about Da’s sailor mouth.”
As delicious as Sherlock looked the night before, John found him even more appealing that night. The sleeves of his shirt had been pushed up to just below his elbows during their activities, revealing just enough more of his tempting skin to draw John’s eyes to them. His shorts, already barely large enough to begin with, hung lower on his hips than before, the shape of his resting cock obvious since he couldn’t adjust it properly. Whether it was a trick of the light or John’s own overactive imagination, he had no idea, but John could swear he still saw the faint outline of his come covered palm on the meat of Sherlock’s thigh.
“Good luck, John.  Stop by any time – we’ve missed seeing you around more often.  It was a pleasure to meet you, Sherlock.”
“Well, yes, technically.  I meant more the date rather than the day of the week, though.”
“Sherlock?  Do you want to pick up your puzzle for me?” she asked, her voice falsely sweet.  He hated when she asked if he would like to do anything.  They both knew he didn’t, but she always made it a point to phrase it in that particular way in the hopes that this time would be different and he’d comply easily.  Unfortunately for her, neither of them would be getting what they wanted.
Sherlock stumbled out of the fireplace and into McGonagall’s office.  He brushed soot from his suit jacket and glanced around for Mycroft.  He stood down amongst the circle of former headmasters and headmistresses, staring at an empty frame.  McGonagall was nowhere to be found, so Sherlock stepped down to come to Mycroft’s side.  They stood side by side watching as Albus Dumbledore shuffled into his portrait and took his seat.
John heard a snort from behind him and his head shot up.  While he had been distracted, the attractive librarian had moved on to the shelf directly next to them.  He sorted through the books on his trolley, his nose wrinkled in distaste.  He glanced at John out of his peripherals, rolling his eyes dramatically when he noticed John watching.  Readjusting his glasses and straightening his already ramrod back, he attempted to affect disinterest in the proceedings at the table.  Frowning, John shifted back around so that he was facing Jane again.
John stared into the fire, refusing to look at Sherlock as he spoke in case he decided to read more into him than he was prepared for.  “There was a wizard, years ago, that decided to try to take power over the wizarding world.  Tom Riddle, more commonly known as Lord Voldemort.  He was supposedly defeated once, back before I’d ever gotten into everything, by a man named Harry Potter.  Well, I say man – at the time, Harry was only a one-year-old baby.”  John paused to crick his head thoughtfully, a furrow growing between his eyebrows.  “Haven’t really thought much into what that must have been like.  I never met Lily and James, Harry’s parents, but I know plenty of people who were close to them.  It’s strange to think of someone not much older than Cecelia managing to destroy the greatest dark wizard of our time.”  John shook himself from his brief reverie to continue.  “Anyway, that was that, as far as anyone could tell, and a few years later I was at Hogwarts.  I decided to train as a Healer, their version of a doctor, and was considering how to train as a Muggle doctor as well when he came back.”
Sherlock took a step back and nodded his approval, giving John a chance to look him over as well. He wore a full corset in matching black and gold, his shoulders bare and his waist pulled tighter over his own shorts than John’s. His corset had finely stitched golden thread running vertically at intervals down the fabric. His own gold trimmed buckles, with five matching buttons holding them secure, ran in even lines across his chest and stomach. The top was made for someone with a flat chest but the original design obviously was made with breasts in mind, coming to two rounded points just below his collarbones and somehow making them even more prominent than usual.
James chuckled and shrugged a shoulder.  “Got it from the family who trained her.  Apparently they let the oldest son name her and he’s a huge superhero fan.  He insisted that she was a Thor, and I rather like it.  She strikes me as a god of thunder.”
Sherlock smirked as they took their seats across from Neville and Flitwick.  Cecelia stared down the table, taking everyone in, before finally settling on Flitwick himself.  He smiled over his cup at her and winked.  “Nothing wrong with being a touch on the short side,” he commented.  “I’m part goblin myself.”  Her eyes widened impossibly more.  Flitwick turned to John before she could reply.  “John Watson, it is excellent to see you again, young man.”
“I’m getting to that.  Even if I am drugged, this is all rather much to take in.”  Sherlock returned his attention to John’s wand, which he had placed on the couch between them.  It was a fairly common looking wood, smooth until the last few inches where a crisscrossing design had been etched into it, and was as well taken care of as John’s gun.  Sherlock shifted just enough so that he could look directly over at John through his fringe, their eyes instantly meeting and holding.  “What’s it made of?”
“Well isn’t this a lucky coincidence,” a low voice purred into his ear.  Sherlock felt his skin prickle as his sense of dread cemented into certainty.  Doyle drew his wand tip slowly up Sherlock’s spine, pausing when he felt each notch through his suit jacket.  Gritting his teeth, Sherlock straightened his back and kept as still as possible.  He hoped Doyle wouldn’t be foolish enough to try and curse him while they were standing out in the open where any student or professor could appear, but given the fact that he already had his wand out, Sherlock decided it was a chance he’d rather not take.
Sherlock’s face screwed up in thought.  “Seven, stereotypical number associated with magic.  Bit of an odd number for years for schooling…you’re considered an adult at age seventeen?”
“Ready?” John asked, wrapping a loose arm around his waist when he came to his side.  Sherlock nodded and turned to Molly.
John rolled his eyes and prepared another snowball.  “Hey, get a room!” he yelled before letting the ball loose.  Unfortunately, he overestimated how far away they were and it flew past them, heading towards the pavement that circled the quad.  With horror, John realized that someone was walking directly into its path, their head buried in a book and completely ignorant of what was about to happen.  John tried to yell out to them, but was too late as the snowball firmly smacked the person in the face.
John cricked his head to the side thoughtfully.  “Fair points, but no.  Hufflepuff.”
“No, although that didn’t hurt. I’ve felt decidedly not platonic about you for quite some time now, Sherlock Holmes.”
of magic.  Perhaps a different core…”
for the beta!
“Don’t worry about a thing, John,” Molly declared, swaying Cecelia in her arms.  “Greg’s got a late night tonight anyway, so he won’t be expecting me at any particular time.  You know I’m always thrilled to spent time with my favourite girl.”
I kind of took this prompt in a more vague direction.  Hopefully it actually comes across the way it should, if not it's cute regardless.
“NEVILLE!” she cried, throwing herself at him.  He nearly toppled over as she attached herself to his leg and squeezed.  Laughter ran down the rows of students and Neville winced, prying Cecelia off of him.
“Thor, eh?”  John offered his own hand for a sniff and rubbed her back.  She sniffed at his jeans and accepted his petting for a moment before returning to her spot close to James.  “She’s a beauty, although the name’s a bit…different.”
“Just noticed you sitting over here all on your own,” Doyle said, his smile not quite meeting his eyes.  “Thought I might come over and see if you’d like a bit of company.”
“I was worried more about your feelings than your technique, but as long as you’re sure.” John swallowed and tried to think of anything but what they’d be doing soon. “I’ll let you choose whatever supplies you need, then. Condoms and lube and…yeah.”
John shot him the tiniest of smiles and shook his head.  “Not possible, I don’t think.  They’re delivered by owl and they’re trained not to give up until their delivery is made.  If you were meant to get a letter, they would have kept trying until you got it.  You should hear the stories Harry’s told the lot of us in the Order about him getting his; they’re determined creatures, Hogwarts delivery owls.”
“Busy as always,” the man replied as they pulled apart.  “You’re looking well.  Ginny and the kids still the same?”
Turning back to Sherlock, John let go of his arm and spread his arms out wide.  “See?  Now you can trick or treat with us!”
“What about your throat?” Sherlock’s voice was still gravely and, while he expected he was fine, John still felt an exaggerated need to check him over. Pausing in his flurry to head out the door, Sherlock bent over slightly and presented his long neck for John’s inspection. John felt around the muscles, gently guiding Sherlock as he felt along the length of it for tenderness. When Sherlock didn’t respond to any of his touches, he had to admit defeat and release him once more. “I want you to drink at least one full glass of water slowly, more if it helps. I’ll text Molly to make sure she sees you do it, so don’t try and get around it. If it still hurts in the morning, let me know.”
“Ready for whatever this is?” he asked, opening his bag.  Another smaller and brighter purple ball sat inside, its exterior shimmery and smooth.  Sherlock nodded and John dropped the bath oil in to join the disintegrated bomb.  A darker purple, shot through with silver glitter that matched the tones from the bomb, started to seep into the colours already present in the water.  Coils of lavender with an unusual woodsy background melted with the sweeter smells that were already floating through the air, mellowing it out without overpowering it.  By the time it was gone, the water had become a dark, shimmery purple galaxy dotted with glitter that blinked in the light.
The path to their quarters was fairly easy to remember, even given how close they were to John’s old common rooms.  They were just down a few doors from the portrait of fruit that led to the entrance to the kitchens.  John’s nose twitched at the memory of sneaking off to visit the house elves late at night, befriending them easily and gaining limitless treats as well as fascinating new companions.  He made a mental note to bring Cecelia to visit the elves before they left as they rounded a corner and met a large wooden door.
“Well, thank you,” he replied as John sat.  His posture, while still military straight, seemed more comfortable than when they last met at John’s wedding and his expression had grown into a relaxed contentment John had never seen on him before.  The look suited him and made John grin wider.  “Perhaps now I’ll get to learn more about why we’ve been called into the city for the afternoon.”  He looked down at the floor and John followed his gaze, blinking down into enormous brown eyes in a black and tan face.  The medium-sized German shepherd cocked its head at John before turning to glance at Cecelia.  It looked up at James, waiting for him to notice, and without looking down his hand moved down to scratch its ears.
Sherlock must have felt him tense and looked up, following John’s gaze. It was as though the sight flipped a switch in Sherlock and he bolted to his feet, his jacket falling carelessly onto the floor. A pocket knife with a jagged blade was stuck into the smooth wood of the tabletop, the folded note of the evening held down with it like the collection of letters Sherlock had on their mantle. John couldn’t tell if the similarity was meant as a sign or simply a coincidence, but the main point John’s mind made as he stared at it was that he recognised the knife from the accessories they’d been given by Niall at the start of the week. He remembered considering it for his costume on the first evening and passing on it for the fake guns, leaving it in one of the boxes in the dressing room where it had sat ever since. From the look of it, he doubted the blade would actually do much damage, but clearly it was sharp enough to stick into the wood and stay there.
Thanks goes to the groupchat for the inspiration to give James a service dog - Thor is a doggo I knew very well when I was younger.  My best friend's family got a German shepherd when we were about eleven and her older brother got to name her, hence Thor the female pupper.  She was absolutely the sweetest dog on earth, so it felt appropriate to give her to James.
“Sure it is.”  John winked and leaned against a shelf, his arms crossed over his chest as he eyed Sherlock up and down.  “Two people who like each other going out and having a good time.  Aren’t you having a good time?”
“Okay.”  John paused, hoping Sherlock would explain himself on his own, but when he remained silent, he was forced to continue.  “So what was that about this morning?  I thought you were excited about learning and developing your magic.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“They’re here!  Bye Papa!”  Sherlock bent down obediently so she could kiss his cheek.  “Bye Da!”  John stepped away from the stove just long enough for her to do the same with him.  As she rushed down the stairs, Sherlock followed as far as their door to watch.
Sherlock pulled back to gape at him.  “You can’t be serious.  How the hell did that happen?”
Sherlock let out a huff of frustration and spun the book around so John could read it, pointing a single long, elegant finger at the appropriate spot.  “Not on Mary, but we may have an explanation for how I’ve managed to use a bit of magic and combat Muggle wards.  It would seem magic really does run in the Holmes family.”
Neither of them moved or spoke for a long moment. John swallowed down the last of his fear, stepping in closer to Sherlock and gripping the sides of his coat. “I can’t say I’m upset that we did. I would have been disappointed if we had to end things early, even if it was only by a few days.”
WHAT IS UP MY FRIENDS.  Yeah, sorry, this took forever.  I spent most of the last month working on my application for graduate school (!!!) but now that that has been sent off into the big bad world I can come back to this.  And to make things even more exciting, Sherlock gets to find out some shit about John in this chapter.  AKA yer a wizard, Johnny.  And now I'm just mindlessly rambling because I'm tired so I'm just going to shut up and post the chapter, okay, okay.
“Good evening, students, and welcome to a new year at Hogwarts.  As I’m sure you’ve all noticed, there are various new additions to the staff table this year.”  She gestured to Doyle, who stood and straightened his robes with an enormous smile.  “Taking over for Professor Allison in Transfiguration, we have Professor Doyle.”  A scattering of applause fell over the hall and Doyle bowed low in exaggerated thanks.  “Professor Doyle attended Beauxbatons Academy but has graciously decided to leave his position there to teach at Hogwarts and be closer to his family.”
like I did with John's in FI.  These woods were all possible options I wrote down when selecting a wood, but as soon as I read sycamore's description, I KNEW it had to be Sherlock's.
John chuckled. “Well, Niall never said anything about getting some action after the fact. How’d you get all of this info out of them?”
Sherlock made his way back to 221b, ignoring the burn of the sun baked pavement on the soles of his feet.  As soon as he had returned to the living room, he dove for his laptop (actually his for once, as was more likely now that John had moved out) and settled into his chair.  He pulled up a search and typed in Hogwarts, scrolling through page after page of random information leading him to nothing of use.  The same resulted when searching for Floo and McGonagall’s name, leaving Sherlock even more irritable than when the morning began.  By the time he looked up again from the screen, darkness had fallen, dousing him in little more than the bright eerie glow of his screen and the dull yellow of the street lamps peering in from outside.  He scrounged about in the cushions of the chair, eventually uncovering his buried phone, before sending out a quick text and leaping to his feet.  Surely somewhere in the city of London he could find an open library or bookstore, possibly one that could provide more than the internet had.  He tossed the phone onto the mantle before heading for his bedroom, intending to finally get dressed now that he had a proper reason to do so.  The message on the phone’s screen glowed on the scull’s ivory surface from where they sat side by side, open for any to read.
The trip may have been quicker that way, but that didn’t make it any easier.  John was moderately talented at Apparating back when they took their tests, but unfortunately seventeen was farther away at this point in his life than it was close.  They landed with a dull thump in front of the statue honoring James and Lily, a spot where John knew there were anti-Muggle charms in place.  Instantly he let go of Sherlock to check on him and Cecelia, wary of any potential splinching from the sudden and unexpected form of transport.  Both seemed fine, if slightly shaken, and John could finally take in his own state.
Sherlock frowned but nodded.  “You’re right, of course you’re right.  I need to talk to her.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll figure it out. He won’t quit until he finds out whoever did this.” Niall nodded, but his expression remained dejected. John patted his shoulder and left him to clean up for the evening. He caught a cab home and seemed to move up and around the flat on automatic, his mind on Sherlock and Nicolette’s claims. As it grew later, John finally gave up waiting for him to come home and, with a reluctant sight, trudged up to his bed.
“Ah now, my wee lass, none of that,” John said to her as he reached down to take hold of her.  He lifted her into his snug arms, tucking her head comfortably into the crook of his elbow.  Swaying softly, John made his way over to the window, glancing out at the view.  He leaned in towards her as he began to mumble quietly, gaze drifting between her and the garden outside.
Sherlock sighed and nodded.  “Perhaps.  I can always just avoid him; it shouldn’t be too hard in a place this size.”  He glanced out the window, studying the dark night setting in over the forest.  “Shall we get ready for bed?”
“One of them,” John replied, kissing him again before sitting up.  “You can thank me properly later tonight – Cecelia’s bound to be up any second.  Best get yourself cleaned up.”
Y'all can thank this Lestrade/Lestrange business on my beta Ashlee.  As bad as I am with making the characters suffer, she's even better by coming up with these plans and encouraging me to fuck with them.  Also ten points to the house of your choice if you catch the movie reference in this chapter.
“What happened?” Sherlock muttered, the only sign of possible agitation showing in the slight increase of pressure around Cecelia as he held her closer.
Sherlock soon returned from the kitchen with a tray of mugs topped with twirls of whipped cream.  The moment he spotted John’s expression, he set the tray aside and joined them on the sofa.  John instantly shifted so that he could lean against Sherlock, who wrapped his arm around John’s shoulder in such a natural way that John had to stifle another sob.
Sherlock walked behind at a more leisurely pace, making sure to keep Cecelia in sight as she darted along the path after rocks and bugs.  Though Sherlock would always prefer the city, he had to admit that living out in the openness and peace of Hogwarts was doing them all good, particularly Cecelia.  Both he and John found themselves much more at ease than they ever were in London, the constant threat of danger against Cecelia in the city dissipating at Hogwarts.  She quickly became a popular fixture amongst the students and staff, particularly Albus and Scorpius.  They had followed up on Sherlock’s suggestion to stop by, knocking at their flat door one evening after dinner.  Albus already got on beautifully with Cecelia since she was tiny, but since Scorpius was an only child, Sherlock was more uncertain about him.  He happily was proven wrong, however, when Scorpius instantly engaged her in conversation and treated her as a younger sister.  They already had plans for the boys to watch her occasionally whenever John and Sherlock needed to make a trip back to London or wanted an evening to themselves.
The sound of rustling paper and a lowered mug announced John’s arrival.  “Well, good morning, Sleeping Beauty.  I was starting to wonder if we’d even have a Valentine’s Day.”
“Sounds great.”  Mary stood and placed a kiss on Cecelia’s forehead.  “She won’t cause you any trouble while you’re out, will she?  I know the girls at the clinic wouldn’t mind if it’s only an afternoon.”
“Jesus,” John muttered, throwing down the rose as though it burned and letting it lay flattened on the stone floor.  His shoulders slumped downward slightly in defeat.  “So she did in the others who were behind their deaths.  Now where would she go?  Does she even have anyplace left?”
“It’s morning?!” Sherlock yelped and straightened far too quickly, causing the room to spin.  John’s hand shot out to firmly grasp his arm, steadying him and forcing his back against the armrest.
“No, it’s.” He looked down at the floor, his enticing lips pursing. “It’s nothing. It’s fine. Let’s go.” He pulled John along and John followed reluctantly.
“Right, thanks.” John traded the folder of paperwork for the bag, hiding his surprise at how heavy it was. “It starts at six, yeah?”
“But we found the pin days ago,” John said, forehead wrinkling in confusion. “If we’d shown Niall the handwriting and pin then, it would have been over on Wednesday.”
“Fine.  Simply marvelous.”  All of the ease that had relaxed Sherlock’s shoulders since they left the castle had returned in the few minutes John was gone, thanks to Doyle.  Now his posture hunched forward like a curly haired vulture glaring down at a meal that refused to die.  John held his hand out on the table, palm side up, and waited for Sherlock to notice it and decide if he wished to return to their comfortable companionability.  Eventually he spotted the offering and took it with a sigh, his head falling down between his shoulders.
“John, if you don’t take off my pants immediately, I will shove you off and do it myself,” he groaned, rubbing his cock up against John’s collarbone.  Instead of answering, John pressed a kiss into his stomach and started to slide his pants down.  He got as far as settling them at the creases where leg met torso before getting distracted by the cock immediately next to his cheek.  Still grasping the pants, he turned his mouth to lick a line up Sherlock’s cock.  He felt Sherlock quiver and try to stay still as John mouthed at what he could reach, his head cricked to the side to wrap his lips against him.  He ran his mouth up and down the curved edge, taking Sherlock’s momentary distraction to pull his pants the rest of the way down, and came to the sudden realization that he was still in his jeans.  Pulling off from his cock and placing a wet kiss to the tip as he went, John tossed Sherlock’s pants over the edge of the bed and sat up.
She rose to her feet so fast that it seemed as though she were more spirit than being. The motion caused both John and Sherlock to raise their wands at her, but her own hands were empty. "I had no idea what I was doing the night I killed your parents, John. I certainly had no idea they were yours. I was following the orders of my commander, not unlike you."
She looked over his shoulder and smiled.  “You brought him back to the wizarding world, didn’t you?  Certainly that’s enough of a reason to believe that your presence in his life is for the good.”  Giving him a final wave and nod in parting, she walked to the man and child, a second boy the same age popping out around the man’s leg.  Before Sherlock could call out to her, John spoke behind him.
“He does that.  More often than not, actually.”  His smile turned soft as he glanced down at Cecelia still in Teddy’s arms.  “I’d be careful, he’s likely to come back and snatch her away from you.  He claims he can think more clearly with her nearby.”
Sherlock is left drained and distracted after Mycroft's revelation, so John decides to call in reinforcements to attempt to patch things up between them.
Hey there friends. How are we doing. Staying inside? Washing our hands? Taking care of our mental health? It's a rough world out there right now, but it also means that my awesome beta is out of work for two weeks and has some time to work on betaing so I can get you something positive as a distraction. Take care of yourselves out there and I hope this gives you a bit of brightness for your day. <3
“It’s more than that. It’s like.” John stared down at his sandwich, trying to find the right words. “He’s really not like anyone else I’ve ever met, or probably ever will. He’s got this tenderness that he tries to hide behind his emotionless exterior, but I think he just cares so much that he doesn’t know what to do with it. Did you know, when we first started living together, he’d flinch away every time I’d get too close? But now it’s like he craves even the lightest touches, leaning into them like he’s trying to be casual about it but doesn’t want it to stop. I’ve no idea if he’s ever had any sexual experience, let alone a positive one, and I can’t just let anyone do this with him. He deserves to enjoy it and feel cherished in it, even if it’s only for a case.”
, at least.”
“Yeah, nope, that isn’t happening.” Straightening his back, John turned back to the others. “I’ll do the performances with Sherlock.”
“Remember what we talked about, kid?  Inside voices go double in the library.  We don’t want to bother the other people who are here reading, right?”
“I’m fine, Sherlock, it’s fine.  The residual curse always acts up a bit when I Apparate.  Bringing the two of you along just added a bit more pressure is all.  Give me a minute to rest and I’ll be fine.”
“Exactly!  That’s why we’ve got to keep going!”
“What on earth does your sister have to do with any of this?  And what happened to the suspects?  We need to contact Lestrade immediately!”
Mycroft pulled the door open to reveal his waiting car, holding it open for James and Thor to pass through first.  Before following, he paused halfway through the doorway to look back at Sherlock and John.  “Thank you, to the both of you.  For…all of this.”
“Not exactly what I had in mind, but sure,” John said with a chuckle.  As she began to meticulously roll the bandage back up, John grabbed a second one along with his wand, sanitizing it with a quick spell before tucking it away in an individual plastic package Cecelia held out for him.  They worked in relative silence, broken occasionally by Cecelia humming to herself, and soon had a box of freshly cleaned and packaged bandages.  As John set the last one back in the box, he crossed his arms over his chest and studied her.
“You don’t sound very enthusiastic,” he remarked.  Sherlock sighed and let the cauldron drop into the sink.  His rested his hands on the sink’s edge, his head hanging low between his shoulders, which hunched up to his ears.  The cauldron thunked dully against the metal as it fell.
“Is that
, come look at this.”
“You were angry; it would have gotten worse if you came back then.”  They stood in silence simply holding each other, long enough that John lost track of time.  Abruptly Sherlock’s head shot up again and he pulled away just enough to meet John’s eyes.  He bit his bottom lip, his face alight with barely contained excitement.  John lifted a hand to stroke his fingers across his cheek, smiling softly up at him and waiting for him to say whatever it was he suddenly remembered.  “I think I may have figured out how to channel my magic and help it work properly.”
“Sherlock…” John started to say, taking a step toward him.  He abruptly walked past John, however, and marched into the bedroom, shutting the door behind him.  John sighed, watching the closed door with a frown.
“Molly, please, dear.  Come in, both of you – I felt you Apparate in through the shields and everyone’s thrilled to see you both.”  She released his hands after patting them in a motherly manner and headed inside.  John stepped up behind Sherlock and placed his hand on the small of his back, both to reassure Sherlock and himself.
“Ah…I am, yeah,” John eventually replied, silently reassuring Sherlock with a soft thumb stroking the seam of his trousers.  “Sherlock’s a bit more…complicated.”
Sherlock’s gaze darted to the floor in obvious discomfort, but he nodded.  “I’ll try.  It…I’ll do my best, but it hasn’t gone well so far.”
“…all this, hmm?” Sherlock was saying.  Cecelia mumbled, the noise sleepy and distant.  Sherlock sighed and his clothes rustled as he moved, crackling over the speaker and making John wince.  “He’d think I’m being ridiculous, I’m sure.  I can’t help worrying that something’s going to go wrong.”
“We could go see Mr. Doyle in his class.”  She turned to pretend to fly down the corridor, her arms held out like aeroplane wings.  “He’s showed me some stuff and it looked really cool.”
Sherlock clutched his violin closer.  “Yes.  You don’t normally play on that part of the violin but Ms. Ingram said it was okay because it was part of the piece.  I think she was making it up because the other students can’t play the notes right, but Mummy says I can’t say those sorts of things since it’s mean.”
The librarian rolled his eyes, his arms coming up to cross over his chest.  “Very well, but I’m sure her mother will be absolutely
“Obviously we are the last people for you to be worried about knowing your sexuality.  It was clear from the moment you both sat down at the table together that something stronger than friendship existed between you and Albus.”
Shaking his head, Niall replied, “Every time I think you two can’t surprise me more, you prove me wrong. So we’re going with gears tonight?”
It was still early enough in the evening that the pub was fairly empty, a few regular locals dotting the tables near the bar.  John nodded to Madam Rosmerta, who smiled and winked, before leading Sherlock to the tables and chairs scattered in the empty dining room.  He chose a table tucked away in a corner near a window, once more helping Sherlock with his coat.  Sherlock raised an eyebrow at him, but allowed John to push in his chair once he sat without comment, watching him with interested eyes as John sat across from him.
“Might I interest you in a cup of tea, Professor?” he asked, a mockery of courtesy turning his deep voice almost friendly.  The woman smiled stiffly back, hands folding together on her lap.
“What is it, John?” Sherlock continued to encourage, a hand resting comfortably on his shoulder as he knelt on one knee at John’s side.  “Does it mean something specific?”
With Teddy's revelation, John and Sherlock are left attempting to deal with the consequences.
Rather than just you and me.
“No, they really didn’t,” Sherlock replied matter-of-factly and John rolled his eyes.  He prodded Sherlock in the side, but his face showed he was more amused than annoyed.  Harry and Ron laughed outright at the comment and the third man Sherlock had yet to meet crossed his arms and surveyed him with a smirk.
Sherlock shrugged and fiddled with John’s collar.  “I just wanted to show my appreciation.  For what you did with Mycroft and last night.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Or that my boyfriend would be,” he said, raising an eyebrow at her.  Her smile widened as she crossed her arms over her chest and shrugged.
“Ah, John, excellent, I was just about to text you,” he declared, scooping up his cell phone and pocketing it.  “Lestrade has a case, at least a seven, possibly even higher from what I can tell.  He needs us immediately.”  He dashed down the stairs, John following close behind, and called out a farewell to Mrs. Hudson as they left.  John hardly had the chance to catch up before he was climbing into a cab and they were off.
. They’ll be completely delighted, particularly with this dynamic. At this rate, I’ll have to hire you two on properly regardless of the notes just to please all the people who will want to see you two perform.”
“Not at all, which is what makes it feel so peculiar.”  Sherlock’s head zipped around to stare over at John so fast that a curl at the base of his scull just brushed along John’s finger.  “I’ve been drugged countless times, by countless means and substances, but beyond your claims, this is the least impressive feeling of being drugged I’ve ever experienced, if I am in fact drugged.  It’s a rather dull sensation, if truth be told.”
“Okay, Neil, come back round after dinner and I’ll check on those burns.  That potion should take care of most of the pain and damage, but I might want to apply a second coat to minimise the scarring.  You were very lucky; it could have been much worse.”
“I’ll get her,” Sherlock muttered as they broke apart, his voice thick and vaguely quivering.  John nodded and took his wand, watching Sherlock head up the stairs.  By the time he returned with Cecelia, his face was more composed and John had made them both more tea.
The sheets below were a deep purple that was almost black, complete with matching pillows.  Her toys waited in a wooden chest below a window that should have been impossible.  John soon recognized it as a similar design to the ones in the lower levels of the Ministry that were meant to copy the weather outside.
“The entire notion of virginity as a concept is asinine, but no, technically not what society would call a virgin.”  John nodded stiffly, his lips pinched tight.  Sherlock grinned and leaned his head back against John’s shoulder to look at him properly.  “John Watson, are you jealous?”
Sherlock smiled into her hair.  “Yes, that man.  Do you understand now?”
Though he looked doubtful, Mycroft nodded in agreement.  “Very well.  If you really think it will do any good.”  They both turned to John, waiting for him to continue.
“Oh John,” Sherlock breathed out, stepping away from John to continue to slowly meander through the bushes.  He lifted a hand to gently run along the petals of a rose close to the top, his fingers pale against the dark red of the tips.  John pulled the pocket knife he had stowed away out of his pocket and found a rose fully in bloom, cutting it cleanly at the base to avoid any thorns.  He approached Sherlock and took his hand, setting the rose reverently into his open palm.  “God, it’s beautiful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s eyes shot up in interest at that statement.  “You’re able to tell when another wizard is like yourself?  Is it innate or something that takes development?”
Sherlock grunted his agreement, leaning forward until he was nose to nose with the dead man.  His head cricked to the side, eyes squinting down at the etchings across his forehead.  “Mudblood,” he murmured, climbing over the dead man in a shadow of a gangly curly haired black widow.  “Mudblood.  What does it mean?  What makes you worthy of the insult?”
Frowning, John sat next to Sherlock and placed his hand on Sherlock’s thigh.  “I don’t understand.  Who’s J?  And what does it mean, one out of two?”
Stoicism breaking momentarily, Mycroft’s face softened.  “Of course.”
“Yeah, all right, enough. So what are you doing at Baker Street, then? Delivering a personal invitation to this exhibit of yours?”
Coming over to the sofa as well, John lifted Sherlock’s feet so he could sit.  Instead of letting him tuck them away, he placed Sherlock’s feet in his lap and rubbed one of his ankles.  “Have you looked in that Entering Hogwarts book yet?  Maybe it’s got something about the question marks that could give you a better idea of the direction we should head in.”
The patches of occasional sky that peered down at them through the trees grew lighter, casting a reddish orange hue across their path.  John had long since lost track of where they were, unsure if they even were still on the Hogwarts grounds or had walked beyond them.  Sherlock’s hand in his was freezing, reminding John sharply of how cold he was as well.  Despite the fact that it was spring, the chill of winter still remained crisp in the air during the night.  At least they had been somewhat prepared since they had started out dressed for the outdoors, but they had no way of knowing whether Cecelia had been properly prepared for the weather when she was forced out into the cold.  For all they knew, she could be worse off than they thought.
It's finally time for a trip to Diagon Alley.  Along the way, a few friends from John's past show up and bring up more questions from Sherlock.
!  God, John, I can’t even get a single piece of paper to move, let alone levitate, and I’ve been trying for two weeks!  A bloody piece of paper, and a first year spell!  I can understand it taking time, but if I actually had any skill at any of this, surely it would have shown itself by now!”
John took the bottle and studied it carefully.  “It looks great.  Have you tried the Living Death again since you had your breakthrough with your magic?”
They stood in awkward silence for a moment, Sherlock peering around the room and John trying not to watch him too closely. With a huff, John physically tried to shake off his nervousness, making his way around the room and grabbing a few pillows and blankets and tossing them onto the mattress. Once he was satisfied, he moved back to Sherlock’s side and scrounged around in the box, choosing two different bottles of lubes he’d used himself and enjoyed before considering the assortment of condoms.
sounds?”
“No, no, not at all,” Niall reassured him. “Only two completely consenting adults are performing sexual acts, with a new couple rotating out each week. No members of the audience are allowed to engage in anything sexual during their time at the exhibit, with the couple or any other audience members. We provide various sorts of fancy dress, predominantly steampunk in nature, for the audience to use as they wish to decorate themselves for the couple’s chosen setting. They are then invited into the decorated space where the couple waits and everyone is allowed to mingle, developing the environment’s story together in whatever sort of role play they wish. At a designated time, the couple is led to the performance area to present whatever sexual act they have agreed upon prior while the audience observes. Once they are finished, they remove themselves exactly as they are back into the communal room for more interaction with the audience until the evening is over.”
“But -!”
They both began eating in companionable silence.  Once Sherlock saw John take his final bite of omelet, he set aside his fork and steepled his hands.  “So.  Poppy Pomfrey?”
“No,” Sherlock interjected, his mouth set in a determined line. “You’ll just need to find one other person. I’ll perform next week.”
“Renatus Lestrange,” Greg replied without emotion.  “My brothers are – were, I have no idea if either of them is still alive – Rodolphus and Rabastan.  Fucking ridiculous, all of these antique mouthfuls of names, but it was tradition.  Anyway, they’re awful, all of them, and I’ve hated them my entire life.  I’m sure you know how shit they are to Muggles or even half-bloods – as soon as they realized I didn’t have any magic, I was no better.  They basically just kept me shut away in the house all the time, away from anyone who visited in case they could tell I didn’t have any powers.  God, it was just…horrible.”  He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, clenching his fists on his knees.  “When they ignored me, which was most of the time, it was almost okay, but the other times…they were disgusted by me.  It was a bit like I was just another one of the house elves, but they couldn’t boss me around without me fighting back.
Sherlock blinked and his eyes narrowed.  He remained silent as John finished his goodbyes and ushered him out to the car.  As Sherlock started the engine, John put a hand over his on the key to stop him.
“You’re Harry Potter’s wife,” he stated before she could begin.  “Obviously a Weasley.  I remember from what I’ve read that you’re the first female born into the family in quite a few generations.  The descriptions of your hair do not exaggerate.”  His focus settled on John, who had slumped so far into his chair that it threatened to pull him into its depths.  “Please tell me you are not corrupting these children with your ridiculous reenactments of our cases and simplifying them down to mere ‘robber stories.’”
Later that night, after Cecelia had been put to bed in her newly decorated room, John and Sherlock sat on the floor of the sitting room once more.  The remaining bags lay at their feet waiting to be unpacked, mostly made up of John’s things that needed to be sorted and organized.  The fire had been built up at their side into a cheerful crackle, Cecelia’s baby monitor remained silent, and each held half a glass of wine John discovered at the back of a cupboard.  Half because of the wine and half simply due to the elation of being in 221b again, John found himself spending more time watching Sherlock than actually unpacking.
John’s jaw worked silently, eventually able to let out a single syllable.  “What?”
“Well,” John finally said, his voice low and hoarse. He cleared it and grinned, snuggling up closer to Sherlock. “Bit different from the last few days. I think I prefer your bed and having it just be you and me.”
“That’s fine.”  John studied Sherlock, his movements nervous as he moved over to Cecelia to make sure she stayed within her pillow fort.  She’d hardly moved from her original spot, continuing to slam and skid her train across the blanket.  Regardless, he adjusted the pillows needlessly, refusing to turn and look at John.  Frowning, John glanced at the desk behind him and snatched up a pen.  “Here, give this a try instead.  It didn’t look like you really needed much practice anyway, so you should be able to move on to trying it with my wand in a mo.”
"You’ve got a wand,” he murmured, smiling up at him.  The box lay jammed between the two of them, still held tightly enough in Sherlock’s grip that his knuckles turned white.  Sherlock stared at the box, his hand trapped with it in the heat between their bodies.  A corner of his mouth ticked up in a small smile when he raised his eyes to John’s.
Mrs. Hudson answered almost instantly, wearing an apron and wiping her hands on a tea towel.  “John!  Come in, dear, I’ve just finished up with a batch of chocolate scones.  I know how your two loves adore anything sweet.”
“But I’ve seen your leg…there’s nothing, no sigh of a wound – “
“You were jealous, weren’t you?” John spoke for the first time since their exchange began.  “Sherlock was already the younger child, given more attention because of that alone, and then when he had the magic…they would have been excited and focused on him, for the most part.  Definitely more than they were already.”
“I’d heard from Harry that you were finally back with us,” Ron said as he pulled away.  He glanced him up and down and shook his head.  “You look well yourself.  Where’ve you been keeping yourself, then?  Mum and Dad’ll be thrilled to hear you’re ‘round again, you’ll have to come over sometime.”
Harry finally contacts John and Sherlock with more information.  With the clues she leaves, Mary gradually guides them to where she may have gone/
“COOKIES!” Rosie screeched as she ran down the stairs.  They heard Mrs. Hudson’s door open and close, Rosie’s muffled voice and footsteps echoing even from far away.  Sherlock strolled to the door and closed it, cutting off the noise, before turning to lean against it and grin over at John.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I did it so that I could protect you, Sherlock!” Mycroft retorted.  His face twisted in a combination of fury and anguish.  His umbrella clattered to the floor when he lifted his arms to gesture vigorously as he spoke.  “I knew that I had made a mistake and I hoped that by becoming this I could make up for what I had done!  And I have, despite what you may think.  Your enemies are more skilled than you could have known…by being involved in both worlds, I at least had the chance to try and keep you safe.  I may have ruined it for you as a child, but I had to do what I could to at least try to make it right.  By watching out for you on both sides, it was the only way I could think to help.”
“Oh yes pleaseeeeee, Da, tell me!”  He lifted her back down and led her into his office, which sat just outside the central door to the hospital wing.  The room was small but cosy, the wall behind the desk made up entirely of filled bookshelves.  The desk itself took up nearly half the room, a long oaken block with papers scattered across it and a winged back chair behind.  John rounded the desk’s sharp corners to pull open one of the drawers.  He dug around to the very back, eventually clasping a small velvet bag.  Cecelia watched him with impatient curiosity from the doorway, leaning back and forth on her feet and bouncing up on her toes.  John knelt down before her with a creak and a groan, positioning her hand out flat as he upended the contents of the bag onto her palm.
“I still don’t understand,” John muttered as he ran a hand through his hair, mussing it up even more than their trek through the woods had.  “Cecelia has nothing to do with this.
“Well…I talked to Greg.”
Sherlock nodded.  “It’s understandable.  Regardless, her life as we all knew it was over, whether it was through death or a life sentence in Azkaban.  It was unfortunate that those were our only options.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No!  God, no.”  John quickly set down his mug to reach out and clasp Sherlock’s hands in his own, stroking his thumbs along his knuckles.  “Love, you and Cecelia would come with me, of course you would.  Plenty of other Hogwarts employees have family close by, and I could never even consider taking any sort of position that would take me away from the two of you.”
“Oh? But not for you?”
John winked at him and sauntered in the direction of the next shop.  “Well then, it’s a pleasure to meet you, Sherlock Holmes.”
“He’ll be back any moment,” Sherlock replied loftily, hoping it wasn’t a lie.  “A small issue up at the school, nothing more.  Unlike some, John’s sense of duty to both his job and his personal life are equal and he takes into consideration both in everything he does.”
Sherlock stood to step forward and place a cup of tea before John.  He nodded his thanks before downing nearly all of it in one go, practically scalding his mouth in the process.  Sherlock lowered himself back into the chair opposite, sipping from his own cup much more sedately.
He shifted in his seat to pull his phone out of his pocket.  Scrolling through his contacts, he pulled up the name he wanted and sent out a message.  When he finally looked up, Sherlock was still watching him intently, Cecelia’s empty bottle held aloft above her face.  Cecelia, in turn, stared up at him curiously, hands grasping up to try and pull it down.  At John’s raised eyebrows, Sherlock shook himself a bit and set the bottle on the coffee table.  His body automatically set about preparing to burp her, but his attention was focused on John.  “You said you knew two metamorphmagi.”
, what do you expect to do? You aren't a wizard, Sherlock, you haven't been properly trained, even if there is a possibility you've got a bit of magic in you."
John grumbled under his breath, something that sounded a bit to Sherlock like, “It’s too early for this,” before shouting back to the living room.  “You’re the detective, deduce it!”
John apologises to Sherlock for his rash behaviour from the night before and they head out for the final night of their performance. The culprit is finally revealed and John ends up with more questions than when they began.
Cecelia immediately rushed for the tree, dumping her backpack and all of its contents across the sitting room floor.  Billy the skull soon found himself with a pair of tiny antlers on his head, the bison skull topped with a jauntily placed Santa hat.  As Sherlock and Cecelia tackled the tree, John frowned at the tangled pile of fairy lights.  While the mess could easily be fixed with a wave of his wand, he wasn’t sure what point they would have if he couldn’t plug them into anything.
“I know. I wanted to.” John tilted his chin up to meet his eyes and grinned. “Part of orgasm denial is the satisfaction for both of you when you’re finally allowed to come.” Sherlock smiled weakly back but otherwise didn’t respond. Following his instinct, John grabbed Sherlock’s hand and entwined their fingers, a proper, confident hold neither of them had used so far. Sherlock didn’t object and followed silently as John guided them into the dressing room.
“Is that why I’m here and he’s not?”  Doyle’s smile grew as Sherlock’s frown deepened.  “Really now, Sherlock, surely you can afford to spend a few moments of your incredibly valuable time in my company.”
Meanwhile, John stood from his chair and pulled off his gloves, tossing them on the side table next to the bed.  The sixth year Ravenclaw who sat on the bed flexed his hand, studying the bandages wrapped around his fingers.
“Take it as an opportunity to learn.  Hey, you might be able to see something the rest of us can’t, between your background knowledge in science and studying magic at an older age.  It could help you learn it easier that way too, if you were to come at it from a scientific approach.”
And for once we can truly be beautiful.
So how about that ep lads?!  Ironically there's a line in this chapter that is basically said in tst, which is mad because I wrote this in November.  Anyway, there's another attempt at smut coming your way and fair warning, my awesome as always beta
“It was a common phrase back when Voldemort was still around,” John replied with a sigh, rocking back onto his heels.  “The same sorts who called Muggleborns Mudbloods were the most likely ones to use it.  Typically it referred to people or families who were purebloods but favoured befriending Muggles rather than getting rid of them.”
Sherlock looked back down at his book but didn’t continue reading.  “No.  I’ve run out of useful books there.  I have Harry looking out for anything new to send me that might prove useful.  He seems quite interested in getting the Ministry equipped with internet and has been bringing several of his own Muggleborn Aurors in to see what they could figure out as well.”
As Sherlock continued to explain, John snaked a hand around Cecelia to link his with Sherlock’s.  He stuttered briefly in his speech, but when John squeezed his fingers he spotted a lift at the corner of Sherlock’s lips right before he continued.
Harry stepped between them, placing a hand on each of their shoulders.  “All right, enough.  I think we’re missing the real point here.  This is neither of your faults – this is Doyle abusing his position and attempting harm on someone else.  If you’re going to be angry, be angry at the person who actually deserves it, not each other.”
Sherlock’s head shot up.  “Of course.  If it’s important to you, I’ll always do it, whatever it is you ask.”
John leaned across the table and placed a light kiss on his lips.  “That was to shut you up, not because you asked, by the way.  Rosmerta knows exactly what we are to one another.  Have you paid any attention to what today is?”
“As much as I hate to admit it, it’s the truth.”  Sherlock sighed.  “It feels wrong, not doing anything.  I feel…useless.”
John tried to chuckle along with Mary, but his focus could only be distracted for so long before it meandered back to Sherlock’s text.  He considered half a dozen possible replies to it, ranging from
James’ eyes shot to John for the briefest moment before he straightened impossibly further.  “John and Mycroft have both told me a bit about what happened between you two.  I suspect I’m not being given the whole story, but it hardly matters.  They thought I might be able to provide some input about what it’s like on the other side of the problem when you’ve made what you thought was the best choice and it turns sour.  As you’re aware, I’m a bit of an expert when it comes to survivor’s guilt.”
“Oh Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson huffed with a shake of her head.  “Must you be so rude to everyone who comes to call?  Honestly, young man, what would your mother say?"
Check it out, Baby Watson has a name!  The prologue had a teeny hint, but you finally know what I named the little darling.  I chose Cecelia both because I really like the name and because it has a lovely equivalent - Síleas - in Scot.  I like the idea of John wanting to further his mother's Scottish legacy by naming his daughter after her and occasionally calling her that.  ^.^
A little over an hour later, John and Sherlock emerged from their cab outside of the Leaky Cauldron.  Blinking up at it, Sherlock glanced between John and the pub as John paid and came to his side.  He laid a hand on Sherlock’s lower back, causing him to jump before easing back into the touch.
“Oh hush, Mycroft isn’t that bad.  I think it’s rather an unconventional but pleasant fit.”  John’s hand ran from Sherlock’s hair down his side, his nose nudging at the junction of his neck and shoulder.  “Care to take this to our bedroom?”
John’s eyes clenched shut as he shook his head.  “Fucking hell, you have to be kidding me.  You can’t actually be saying Mary is a metamorphmagus, that’s she a fucking…a fucking
“Take me, then,” John countered.  “Let Sherlock take Cecelia and you can do whatever you want with me.  I’ll leave my wand with them and go without a fight if you just let them leave safely first.”
“What in Merlin’s beard is going on over there?” Flitwick demanded, his hands going to his hips.  “Mr. Holmes!”
“I appreciate that, Harry, but no thank you,” Sherlock replied.  Harry nodded and shoved his hands into the pockets of his robe.
“At least one of us does,” Sherlock muttered, earning him an elbow in the side.  He raised his voice enough for Cecelia to hear and said, “You look lovely, Cecelia.”
!  How are you?”
We're really starting to get into the plot of the story with this chapter.  I had lots of fun writing Mycroft - I think I just enjoy writing the somewhat stuffy characters who have a knack for sass and wit.  XD  Also, this chapter gets us started into the case; the fic itself isn't necessarily what I'd call a casefic, but the case is a decently significant plot point that I wanted to make sure I developed fairly well.  Before anyone says anything, yes, I borrowed a bit from the movies here.  I'm fully aware that an offhand comment John says later on is something that only happened in the Deathly Hallows movies rather than in the books, but it worked really well with my plot so I went for it.  Yesterday's Pottermore info was surprisingly well-timed to be helpful here, particularly in that it reminded me of some things on the Leaky Cauldron that I didn't remember.  Anyway, I hope you enjoy, and let me know what you think!
“But I didn’t bring him in,” John mused, a faint crinkle of a bewildered grin at the corner of his mouth.  “He just followed.  Sherlock, you just
John gains a bit of insight about Sherlock from the observations of one of their suspects. Sherlock, meanwhile, illustrates just how experienced he is.
“Well, can’t have you cold, can we?  Would you let me buy you a coffee to warm up you up and tell you how sorry I am for pelting you with a snowball?”
John shot James an apologetic grimace.  “Sherlock, we can’t just…James, I’m sorry to be a tit, but could the three of us have a moment?”
John situated his head so that it rested over Sherlock’s shoulder and considered his questions carefully.  “I don’t think there’s anything you should do differently, honestly.  This doesn’t change the fact that you do have that magic in you and that you’re learning it, to hell with actually going to Hogwarts.  Mycroft’s fuck up didn’t stop you.  I mean, we can’t even know for sure if it did anything in the first place.”
John heard him put down his mug and stand.  Moments later, long arms folded themselves across his chest and Sherlock rested his forehead between John’s shoulder blades, his front completely plastered to John’s back.  “I can’t make excuses to avoid it when you say things like that,” he mumbled, his voice muffled.
John mentally ran through their slim list of male suspects. “That makes it either Michael, Alec, or Jack, right?” Sherlock made a noncommittal noise and started to pull on his trousers. Following his lead, John began to dress as well and followed Sherlock out of the room and down to the office area. There they found Niall and Ian, Ian behind the computer glaring at the screen and Niall leaning against the counter with his arms crossed. When Niall spotted them, he straightened and his face brightened hopefully.
“Hogwarts?” he simply asked, keeping his voice low.  John shrugged and took a large sip.
Tumblr: futureofthemasses
“Well, there aren’t many of them – it’s a rare gift to have, and I’ve personally only known two of them, and even then they were related.  So it theoretically should be easy to narrow down which one it is, but because of the skills they have, if they want to hide…well, it’s pretty easy for them to do.”
Sherlock’s timer went off and he snatched up a colander, straining the Valerian root pieces in the beaker out of the water.  Using an eye dropper, he collected the water and counted out seven drops into the cauldron.   With his free hand, he picked up his wand and used it to stir, watching the potion turn lightly purple in colour.  “The Burrow?”
The night of their dinner at the Burrow arrives and John introduces Sherlock to the Weasleys.  A bit of John's background is discussed and, once they return home, they encounter a surprise with Cecelia.
“The Museum of London?” he asked, staring down at John with furrowed brows.  “What could possibly be romantic about the Museum of London?”
“Excellent!  Let me just grab everything we’ll need…”  As Slughorn dug around through his shelves of supplies, Sherlock conjured a back to one of the stools to make it sturdier.  Once certain it wouldn’t collapse, he lifted Cecelia up into it and pushed her towards the table.  When sat flat on her bum, she could nearly rest her chin on the tabletop.  Slughorn chuckled as he brought over their cauldron of supplies, giving his wand a wave once his hands were free.  Her seat gradually rose until she could sit at the table properly, instantly reaching out to pull the cauldron closer.
Sherlock settled himself further into John’s chest, burrowing his bum into the cushion.  “Hopefully.  I had already picked up one on runes of some sort before we even went to Ollivanders simply because it looked fascinating.  I should have asked Ollivander before we left.”
“Go down to the Slytherin common room and see if either Albus Potter or Scorpius Malfoy are around.  I left Cecelia down with Professor Slughorn and you all thinking I’d be back soon and I need one or both of them to look after her until we’re done with Professor McGonagall.  Just let them know that something’s come up and I’ll be down later to get her, okay?”  With a salute, Thompson adjusted his bag and darted off down the corridor.  Once he was gone, John turned to the rest of the group, who stood pretending they weren’t hanging on to every word of what was happening and failing.  “As for the rest of you, back to your common rooms until dinner.  I’d tell you to keep this to yourselves, but I know that would be an idiotic suggestion.”  They chuckled and awkwardly shuffled around Doyle to continue on their way.  As soon as they thought they were out of earshot, they began whispering amongst themselves.
“Not at all, John dear,” she replied, not even attempting to hide her smile.  “The others are out in the garden setting up the table if you’re looking for them.  Get the lot in the sitting room out there, things are almost ready in here!”
Sherlock immediately shot to the corner, bending over to dig around through the pile. John swallowed his groan as he watched his arse swing around as he searched, forcing himself to remain where he stood. Thankfully Sherlock straightened back up quickly, holding a short velvet top hat with a pair of goggles the same shade as Sherlock’s corset sitting on the rim. John took the hat and tried it on, observing himself in the mirror. He nodded and slipped both the room key and the rope into one of his jacket pockets before heading towards the door, expecting Sherlock to follow. To his surprise, he stepped into line just behind John, staying no more than a foot or so at his back.
John chuckled and kissed the top of Sherlock’s curls before taking his own seat.  “You’re the real clever one, you git.  Now eat.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not as far as I know, but John might know more on that.  I haven’t had the reason to do anything beyond seeing them to figure it out, and I’ve never had anyone try and use anything on me other than just asking me.”
I love the fact that Diagon Alley is on Charing Cross because it was only a few blocks away from where I lived in London.  Denmark Street is an adorable little side street off Charing Cross that specializes almost completely in music shops.  It's absolutely delightful and I highly suggest taking a meander if you're in that part of London.  Also, that churchyard was a common spot for me to go and chill while I waited for Ashlee to get done working so we could go eat Chipotle nearby like the Americans we are.
As much as Doyle was leaving Sherlock alone, Albus and Scorpius were around even more often than before.  Cecelia adored both of them, often going with them back to their common room to spend additional time with them.  Sherlock and John, after years of caring for her without many breaks beyond the rush of cases, appreciated them for each new chance they had to be alone.  With Christmas break approaching, both Harry and Draco contacted John about the possibility of the three of them joining their families for the holiday.  When John was forced to decline due to the fact that he would need to remain at Hogwarts in case of an emergency with the remaining students, Albus and Scorpius instead decided to remain so they could all still celebrate together.  The two had plans to come to the flat for brunch with John, Sherlock, and Cecelia on Christmas morning and both of their families had agreed to send their presents along to go under their tree.
John wasn’t certain how he ended up in the comfortable chair locked away in Harry’s office.  The last solid memory he had was watching Sherlock dive for Mary as she fell.  He imagined he ought to be feeling some sort of grief, at the very least flashbacks of when Sherlock fell, but oddly all John felt was hollowness.  It was as though his mind, when forced to confront watching the wife he didn’t even really know fall to her death, decided that the only possible remedy for the situation was to shut down.
They managed to go about ten minutes before anything broke the comfortable silence of the carriage.  The vibrating buzz of a mobile echoed from behind John and he risked a peek over his shoulder at the man.  He sat with his knees pulled up nearly against his chest, resting his legs on the back of the seat in front of him, and his arms crossed over his chest.  It was obvious the buzzing came from one of the deep pockets in either his coat or trousers, but he appeared determined to ignore it completely.
Running a hand up to scratch at Sherlock’s scalp, John shuffled down so that their faces were close and placed a kiss on his forehead.  Sherlock grumbled and huffed against his skin, his eyes scrunching closed in irritation.  When he refused to move, John’s hand moved down to the back of his neck to squeeze and rub at it in an attempt to encourage him awake.  His grumbles turned to groans and he rubbed his cheek against John.
“Well, you’ll get them soon enough.”  John increased his pace without thinking to match Sherlock’s so they marched side by side.  “Harry said he’s at his office, yeah?  I can Apparate us right into one of the safe zones.  Hopefully he’s got you the proper clearance to get into the Ministry without walking out Obliviated.”
Twitter: ShannCanWrite
John stared up at Sherlock, his eyes boring into the man’s while he replied.  “Exactly what I said – I loved her once, at least as far as I thought, but haven’t in quite a long time.  Honestly, it’s because of Cecelia that we were together at all.  That and…other things.”  John broke his stare to glance down at his feet.
“Together.  Yes.”  Sherlock straightened his spine and his razor focus narrowed on the goods surrounding them.  “Now then.  Where are the cauldrons?”
Before Sherlock could insist otherwise, John said, “Yes, definitely.  I don’t know if he’s done this to others, but he absolutely can’t be allowed to do it again.”
“Daddy, you’re HERE!” she said, grabbing him around his neck and burying her face into his shoulder.  He could feel her smile through the fabric and rubbed a hand down her back.  “Daddy, are you gonna help us with our Christmas activity?!”
“Perhaps we could continue this at a later time, John,” he said quietly, speaking down at the papers below the wand.  “I really must get to Lestrade, and Molly has a set of lungs I’ve been meaning to look at.”
Her eyes hold the truth of it – she’s her daughter and I can make her even more great than she ever was or could be!
Swallowing back a sob, Sherlock ran up the final steps to the school, throwing open the door and leaning back against it once he was inside.  He gulped in breaths, attempting to calm himself down, and discovered that he was shaking violently.  Rubbing his arms, he bent his head and marched down toward the dungeons, intent on fetching Cecelia to reassure himself that she was okay.  Luckily he didn’t meet anyone on the walk down, giving himself the chance to calm down and regain his composure.  By the time he knocked on the Slytherin common room’s door, his shaking had stopped and his expression was neutral.
As in your boyfriend Ian?”
“Now now, Sherlock,” Doyle muttered, leaning forward to speak his words against the skin of Sherlock’s neck.  Sherlock nearly sprawled himself backwards across the table in his attempt to get as far away from him as possible.  “I have been nothing but kind to you and your darling little daughter.  Do I really deserve such unreasonable animosity?”
“No, no, I would have told you two if I was,” Greg hurriedly explained.  “I’m…well, I’m a Squib.  A dishonoured one, if we’re being completely honest.”
“Put this on first,” he said, handing the swath of fabric to Sherlock. He inspected it with an indifferent expression, his eyes the only thing that exposed his interest. It was a short, camisole type dress, made entirely out of black lace edged with dark red. Normally it would reach mid thigh on the average heighted woman, but when Sherlock pulled it over his head, it barely came to the bottom of his tight, and short, boxer briefs. The red in particular stood out boldly on Sherlock’s skin and he nodded his approval.
“Ew,” Cecelia muttered, climbing down off the sofa.  John barked out a laugh while Sherlock simply grinned.  “Can we have food now?  I smell French toast.”
“I didn’t...”  Sherlock shook his head as though he was trying to shake out the words.  “I wanted to feel you better.  Aren’t you a wizard and can fix…?”  He gestured at their midsections lazily, cricking one mischievous eye open at John.
When John rushed in, battling to contain his hope, he froze as well at Sherlock’s side.  Spread out on Sherlock’s pillow were two osiria roses, one dead and black and surrounded by the plucked petals of the other.  A folded piece of parchment with a simple S written on the front sat just below the dead rose.  With shaking hands, Sherlock reached out and opened the note to read it.  A gasp left him before he sunk onto the bed, holding out the note to John before burying his face in his hands.
Mary is found.  Confrontations are had.
Standing and pulling Sherlock up with him, John firmly interlocked their sticky fingers. “Of course. Whatever you need.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed as he considered.  With a reluctant sigh, he turned back to Tom to question him.  “This isn’t over, John Watson.  Now, do you own this establishment?”
In response, Sherlock surged down and crushed their lips together. John clutched at his shoulders and moved with him, coming up occasionally for ineffective gasps of air. When he started to get dizzy, John carefully guided them apart, though only far enough to breathe in each other’s air. Sherlock’s mouth was a mess, the lipstick smeared across his chin and parts of his cheek, and John suspected he was in a similar state. With an amused grin, he gripped Sherlock’s hands and walked with him backwards towards the bathroom. Sherlock followed willingly, seemingly in a daze and transfixed on John’s face.
“What are you making?” John asked, untying the note he still held and flattening it out on the table.
Sherlock furrowed his brows and frowned down at his puzzle.  Project?  He attempted to remember if Miss Jones had mentioned working with another class on something, but nothing came to mind.  He assumed that it hadn’t sounded important enough for him to pay attention to or remember.  It was nearly Christmas break, with only another week until they would be done until the new year, and Sherlock had been struggling with trying to care about what they were learning even more than he did the rest of the year.  Most of the time he found it all of school dull, not interesting or engaging enough for him, or even something that he had already learned about on his own.  With a break approaching, and the opportunity to spend time at home working on projects he actually cared about, his motivation to participate in class had plummeted even more.
John hid his grunts in Sherlock’s ear, letting his breathy noises and muttered expletives fall where he could hear.  The only other sound in the room was the slapping of skin against skin.  As he felt himself getting close, john skirted his hand up Sherlock’s side, and down the arm Sherlock had thrown above his head, pulling it down to lace their hands together.  Sherlock’s grip was almost painfully tight and he flexed to silently ask for more when John’s other hand wrapped around Sherlock’s cock.  Sherlock kept him close by bringing his other leg up to lock his ankles at the small of John’s back.  John’s whines increased in pitch at the move and his pace faltered slightly as he felt molten heat radiating between all of the places their bodies touched, centring in at his groin.
“What do the runes mean?” he eventually asked, but John felt smug at the breathless quality to his voice.  He suspected the question was half genuine and half a way to divert John away from his mission to distract him, so for the moment he played along.  The hand at Sherlock’s nape moved to take the wand and he brought it closer to inspect it.
“May I help you?” he asked through clenched teeth.  His grip on his glass tightened as he fought now to throw its contents all over Doyle without due cause.
“It’s not a requirement, but usually it’s general knowledge anyway.  As infants, we tend to have almost no control over our changes, so it’s pretty easy to tell right off if your kid’s a metamorphmagus or not.”
“Make sure you turn off your phone,” Sherlock mumbled in a low voice that caused John to jerk in surprise at the sudden noise.  He frowned and raised an eyebrow.
“I’ve been offered a job,” he began, deciding to be straight to the point.  She set the bowl she had been cleaning aside to clap her hands and turn to face John with an enormous smile.
The shop was empty when they entered it.  John led a resilient Sherlock up to the counter where a small bell sat.  He tapped it with a palm and a soft trio of notes rang out above them.  A rustling came from one of the long, wand covered rows and in a moment, a scraggly head peered around a far corner.  When the man came fully around the corner, he held a wand box in one hand and was settling a pair of crooked glasses over his nose.
John took the offered hand with a small grin.  “Let’s.”
Sighing, John rose to his feet. “Can’t even let me have a cuppa before swanning off.” Niall watched as he pulled on the jacket he’d barely taken off twenty minutes prior.
”  Doyle turned to Cecelia, taking in her terrified expression and attempting to rock her as though she was a baby again.  “I’ve never cared about you, either of you, but whatever I could do to distract you from my main goal was the perfect advantage.”
“I’m perfectly fine, John.  It isn’t as though that was the first I witnessed someone dying.”  Sherlock’s eyes fixed on John’s face, studying it intently.  “The more important question is how are you?”
“An excellent suggestion.  Coincidentally, this may have a connection to what I originally called you at Baker Street about.  What did Mr. Holmes tell you of my visit?”
“I was wondering when you’d ask, you git.”  John smirked at him as he picked the wand up and shoved it into Sherlock’s hand.  “Go on, then.  Can’t cause much harm if you haven’t got the skill.”
Seemingly delighted that Sherlock was  beginning to piece it together, Doyle reached his free hand into his pocket to pull out a wand.  He shifted enough to set Cecelia at his feet, where she latched onto his leg.  John jolted forward slightly, as though to open his arms for Cecelia to run to him, but Doyle shook his head.  “I’m afraid not, John.  It’s amazing how much more obedient a child is when put under the Imperius curse.”  While John mumbled angrily under his breath, Doyle pulled up the arm of his sleeve and placed the tip to his forearm.  Speaking too quietly for them to hear, he shoved the wand against his arm until gradually a shape began to form against his skin, twisting and contorting as though a creature fought to crawl from his touch.  Once finished, he brandished his arm for them to see and John instantly recognized the faded Dark Mark.
Sherlock’s eyes widened and he considered Hermione closer.  “Minister?  All of my most recent books have said that position was held by Kingsley Shacklebolt.”
“It’s not that,” he said, clutching the phone in a tighter grip.  “Just something from Sherlock.  He sent me a text last night at bloody two in the morning.  Shouldn’t be surprised, but it got me thoughtful.  We can still go.  I want to.”
Sending James a brief glance, John replied, “We, ah, could take you back to school and…discuss the matter with a former headmaster.”  He stared down at Sherlock, willing him to understand what he was insinuating, and Sherlock’s eyes widened in comprehension.  He gaped over at Mycroft, who remained frozen and watching him.
"You disgust me," John spat out, taking a step backward nearly into Sherlock in his physical repulsion. "How can you, how can
"Agreed, though your concerns are groundless. I've already tried a handful of spells using your wand and mastered them with a bit of work. I highly doubt I am capable of 'blowing us all up to hell.'"
“What did you see?” he asked the prisoner in a low voice, fingers curled around the iron bars.  The prisoner shot Sherlock a cocky grin and shrugged, leaning against a wall in the cell so that he was out of view to all but Sherlock.
Sherlock’s interest piqued at the offhand comment.  “What sorts of background?”
“Okay, I think you might be overthinking it.”  John moved around so that he stood in front of Sherlock, waiting for him to open his eyes and look at him before continuing.  “We know you’ve got the magic and you’ve gotten my wand to work with some effort before, but the thing with spells is…it’s hard to explain, but part of it is just letting it happen and trusting it’ll do what it’s supposed to do.  If you don’t have enough faith that your magic can handle it, that can psych you out and force you to try harder than you need to.  It interferes with the magic’s natural ability to just, you know.  Be magic.”
Sherlock shot up in his seat and reached under the sofa, pulling out a small stack of books.  As he shuffled through them, John heard him say, “Brilliant, John!  I believe I saw an entire chapter in it on the acceptance process.  Something in there must prove useful.”  He hummed in success and returned to his stretched out position, pulling his feet out of John’s lap to use his bent knees to prop the book up.  He flipped through the pages at lightning speed until he reached the appropriate chapter, settling himself further into the cushions to read.
“No, it’s fine.” Sherlock stretched and started to climb out of John’s lap. He stopped and turned large eyes on John. “Don’t go too far?”
“Why do you insist on doing this?” Sherlock bit out through gritted teeth.  His hands scrapped along the wall in an unconscious bid to get further away.  “Clearly I have absolutely no interest in you and forcing yourself on me certainly isn’t going to make me change my mind.”
After his latest encounter with Doyle, Sherlock is even more reluctant to be caught alone.  Despite his best efforts, he's forced into his worst situation with the man yet.
“Yes, it’s positively horrid to see you as well, baby brother,” Mycroft drawled.  “But if you could possibly contain your displeasure just long enough for me to convey you to Mr. Potter, it will be as though I was never here at all.”
“Well, this obviously clears up any questions of whether Mary’s involved,” John muttered, leaning back with a deep sigh to sit on the hard floor with one of the osiria roses in his hand, twisting it slowly between his fingers.  “I mean, she’s got the ability to get in and out of here unnoticed because of the whole metamorphmagus thing, and we know she has a wand again.  But why the hell would she break in to the Ministry to kill the same blokes who helped her do the murders?  It’s not like they’re going to tell us she’s in on it, at least not now, and if anything she’d be better off breaking them out than killing them.  Why go to this trouble just to get rid of them herself?”
“Oh, but you two have surely been together for ages now, with the way you act together.” Michael’s face lit up at the chance to discuss their private lives, probably hoping John would be convinced to share some interesting information. The combination of having nothing to tell and refusing to fall into the trap Michael set for him made it easy for John to literally shrug the comment off.
Random side note - friends are super useful when you need character names.  I borrowed the last names of three friends from college for Jones, Havens, and Faulkner.
Sherlock sighed and rolled his eyes.  “Very well.  I suppose Jeannette wouldn’t appreciate a slide of decomposing plant life as much as we do.”
“What the hell do you mean he’s gone?” Harry demanded at the same time as John muttered, “You’ve got to be kidding me.”
John smiled a small smile and leaned into the door jam.  “Yeah.  I could, you know.  Join you here.  If that’s okay with you.”
Dumbledore’s bushy brows raised and he focused more fully on John.  “Congratulations, then, if congratulations are due.  I’m a bit surprised you would be here without your partner, however.”
“I’m still a novice, John, I wouldn’t want to hex your cock off.”  He reached up to run a light finger along John’s sensitive cock, causing him to shiver.  “I’m not done with it yet.  Best to let you do it just in case.”
“I…” John struggled with a way to respond without giving too much away. “Our circus lives are separate from our private ones. He’s free to do with himself as he likes beyond our…performances.”
“Better. This style suits you.”
You'll notice with each new chapter, I'll be adding tags that include what sorts of acts will be happening in the chapter that is posted. This is mostly so that I can keep track of them, but also can give y'all an idea of what's coming.
“Remember what we read about summoning charms, bee?” he asked.  When she nodded eagerly, he continued, “The spell works on everything except…”
“How do you feel about condoms?” he asked Sherlock, his voice surprisingly even. “We’re both clean, according to Mycroft’s tests, so it’s really just a matter of preference, particularly today. Not sure how interested you are in getting messy, since we’ll be parading around like that for a bit before being able to clean up.”
They took a moment to catch their breaths before John pulled slowly out and pushed back in.  He repeated the motion a few times, keeping his movements steady and teasing.  Sherlock released his hand to dig it into John’s thigh instead, the fingers on both of their hands tingling.  As Sherlock increased the pressure on John’s leg, John increased his pace until they were knocking more water out of the tub than they were keeping in.  He felt the low burn of impending orgasm settling in his groin and he shifted around to pull at Sherlock’s cock.  In reply, Sherlock began to let out a high-pitched whine at the back of his throat, his body shifting between thrusting down onto John’s cock and up into his hand.  Within half a dozen strokes, Sherlock was coming and sagging back against him.  John followed half a second later.
Sherlock slowly nodded.  “I…yes.  Just cold.  I’m fine.”
“Greg, I’m so sorry – “
“Papa took me to the ZOO!”  She waved the stuffed animal up at him at the same time as she grabbed the second one.  “An’ look, we found otters that are just like you an’ Papa!”  As soon as their front paws were close enough, magnets hidden under the fur caused them to attach as though they were holding hands.  John chuckled and rubbed one of the otter’s hands.
Sherlock’s frown deepened as Neville ushered them out of the greenhouse, calling over his shoulder for the students to collect their supplies.  He turned to Sherlock and Cecelia once they were on the threshold and winced at their expressions.
The two glanced at each other before the first shook her head. “No thank you, but we appreciate it. We trust that you’ll catch them quickly and the threats in the note are only that.”
John's been sent out in search of Christmas decorations for the clinic.  Instead he finds a handsome stranger and a particularly determined old woman.
“Da, what are you doing?” Cecelia asked, the spray of glittering shine distracting her from covering every bottom branch of the tree with decorations.  When John held up the glowing light, she let out a gasp and dropped the stuffed elf mouse ornament she held as she ran to his side.  “How did you
Eventually the elves began to disperse as the afternoon passed and dinner approached.  The first elf he called over shyly handed Sherlock his mobile back, a tiny smile on her face as she waved and ran off.  Sherlock grinned to himself as he downed the last of his food and thanked them all before heading back out into the castle.  He fended off piles of food that they offered up for him to take with him by promising to return soon with more Muggle items for them to investigate.
She shrugged and shuffled her feet, refusing to meet his eyes.  “Just around.  Sometimes he comes to the hospital when Da’s busy and keeps me company.  He took me to the library once so I could get a book.”
“I’m ready whenever everyone else is,” John replied.  He shifted the bag from his free hand to his shoulder so he could shake McGonagall’s hand.  “How are you, Minerva?”
“You didn’t have to do that,” Sherlock said quietly as he caught his breath. John still stood close in his space, bracketing him against the wall with his body.
Sherlock stood in the middle of the first row, the conductor directly in his line of sight, and he immediately sought out Mummy.  She, Dad, and Mycroft sat near the doors they just walked through, next to another set of parents with a boy who looked a few years younger than Mycroft.  His sandy blonde hair just barely poked around the shoulder of woman in the chair ahead of him, but Sherlock could see his scuffed white trainers kicking back and forth under the chair legs.  Before he could pay the boy any more mind, Ms. Ingram and the conductor were calling them to attention, their faces plastered with nervous smiles.
John approached him and placed a soft hand on top of the disorderly curls.  Sherlock jumped so much that he nearly knocked the book out of his lap.  John frowned in concern at the unusually strong reaction and crouched down to kneel at his side.
Sherlock blinked and turned scarlet, looking off to the side. John shifted his hands down to Sherlock’s waist and rubbed his thumbs against his skin in soothing circles, wanting to reassure him without pushing him. Eventually Sherlock cleared his throat and shrugged. “It’s not that I didn’t
“Not a problem,” James replied, and came to take Cecelia from him.  “Let’s go see this nursery of yours your da’s told me so much about, then, my lass.  Thor.”  Perking her ears up, Thor trotted over to retake her place at James’ side.  As they passed to head up the stairs, Mycroft placed a hand on James’ shoulder.  They shared a glance and seconds later the three of them were gone.
“Muggle.”  Sherlock tested the word on his tongue, grimacing slightly at the sound of it.  “Those without magical skill, from what I understand.  Muggleborn wizards come from a pair of Muggle parents.”
