And Dean is putting all of Cas’s training to work, clenching and releasing his muscles just right, able to focus he realises on Cas’s need instead of his own. The tide is in but just enough to let him wade through it and back to shore before the waves crash, back to where he can make Cas his every thought, Can give himself completely to this.
After he eases out the speculum, he pressed his palm flat against Dean’s abdomen, leaning over trying to gain back his focus.
“No,” His voice firm, the strict tone he knew would work on Dean, “You’ve been trying. I know you have but now it’s my turn to take over, like we agreed. I’ll get to look after this till we get back to where you need to be. With you forgetting to eat and pushing yourself too hard, it’s to be expected." He cups his jaw and places a gentle kiss on Dean’s forehead. "I’m not upset, you did so much better this time, you managed almost six months. You just need a little additional help is all.”
Dean eyes the pile with a mixture of contempt and longing.
“He’s good Sammy,” Dean can’t keep the affection out of his voice.
“He’d been with us for about three months when he had the first seizure. He’d hidden his other symptoms because he was terrified of submitting. He just didn’t trust us and knew that if he started to show symptoms again, we would force the issue. When he woke up in the clinic, he played it off by agreeing to start training the next day. That night was the first time he broke out.”
John picked up the phone once again, “Gabe? You still there?”
Three days later, Caladh House had sent their private jet to retrieve him. Three days was all the time they gave him to pack up his life, say goodbye to his family and friends. Three days have his lawyer go over the employment contract and sign the NDA. It wasn’t enough time, but at least now he knew why they were so desperate. He understood.  For a Pure Submissive in distress, even that much time without treatment was likely agonising. They’d assured him that Dean wasn’t in immediate danger of crashing. He wasn’t stable either, but at least he hadn’t progressed into the acute stages yet. Castiel could take his three days.
Dean can’t reply, but Cas doesn’t seem to expect him to. Instead he says, “I’m going to hang up now because I need to drive, be strong, I’ll be there soon. And let Charlie take care of you…” and after a moment “I love you.” Then he’s gone, a lifeline cut much too far from shore.
“That’s it. You can relax now,” He sat next to him on the sofa and he eased Dean’s body down so he was relaxing with his back resting against Castiel’s chest “I’ve set it to a slow feed.” Dean groaned, of course he’d set it slow. He loved to see Dean unable to move, tied physically to the stand, reliant on Castiel even down to this basic level.
“I want my brother standing up the front with me.” Sam’s gone a little misty eyed, but holds it together.
This chapter has somewhat intense medical and caretaking aspects, as well as kink. A gently reminder that this world doesn't resemble our own in some key psychological, social and medical aspects.
“Sweetheart. I know something that can help. Take the pressure away. If I do that do you want it?”
“Yeah, you too,” undeniable love, quietly present behind each word.
Sam nodded confidently, “You’ll definitely have that. We are committed to him. Not just Dad or me either. In our community children are cherished, we raise them collectively. So, in losing Dean, the whole community lost a child. And everyone saw what Dad went through all those years, saw the toll it took on him. Then when Dean was found, we were all so happy, so hopeful. Did you know that in our culture, someone receiving a Pure designation is considered a blessing on the entire House?”
Cas stepped in behind him and with practiced ease slid one hand down his abdomen to rest gently against Dean's bladder while the other grasped his penis expertly.
“It’s me. That’s it, slow your breathing down. You aren’t there anymore. You’re here with me. Here in our home. That’s it.”
Though it still feels weird to Dean, standing under the spray and feeling his own hands working the soap and the shampoo up into his hair, it’s disconcerting. He’d actually refused to have Castiel wash him when he first came here. He had railed against the gentle way Castiel had soothed the washcloth over skin, the expensive goat’s milk soap Cas prefered, the care taken. It scared him, the intimacy of it all. He wanted it so badly but at the same time was so unused to gentle touch that it felt dangerous, it terrified him how much he wanted it, what it did to him when he could have it. The chance it might all be taken away.
“Swallow,” Cas demanded, his voice raw with emotion.
The work he made now though. It was magnificent in a completely different way. Still utilising metal, clay and glass but it felt open and freeing. It allowed colours to shimmer through the stained glass panels, it illuminated every room it was in and generated a sense of peace in chaos. Dean was still struggling, at times desperately, but his art told Castiel everything he needed to know, it just took time.
“You will” he promised.
“It says here that they thought separating you at that time would have emotionally crippled Dean, he apparently relied on you too heavily for that to be an option.”
He's panicking.
“Three,” Dean’s mulling it over, “I want it. I do. But Cas I’m already desperate here, I’m not sure I can do three more days.”
Once done, Cas was just as quick to act, pulling his thumbs back out and locking his hands around Dean's chin and jaw. Gabe pressed his palm over Dean's lips, holding his mouth firmly shut.
Cas was there, shushing and wiping away the sweat and tears that ran down his face with a warm, slightly wet cloth. "Hush, it's ok darling. Just relax, breathe along with my breath, let your muscles accept the knot. That's it, good," Cas slid his fingers through Dean's sweat damp hair and gently massaged his scalp.
Dean has his eyes shut, leaning against the window, a grave weariness overcoming him. He’s exhausted, but can’t actually fall asleep. He can hear their quiet exchange though, spoken with the assumption that he was unconscious.
Before he picks up the last of the restraints he leans over, fixes Dean with a questioning look.
“We’ll keep this simple. 10 sets of 5 second just like normal. I won’t count seconds or anything, just do your best. If you want me out you say so ok? Or lift your hand, like this” he lifts his left hand up and shows Dean his palm.
He pumped one more time and disconnected the tube. Dean was panting against Cas’ chest but at the same time, his muscles were unlocking nicely, tension flowing away as he settled onto the knot.
Though Cas was careful to keep his distaste of that particular way thinking off his expression, Benny must have caught on anyway, because he quietly added, “Can’t say I agree with it. Coming in here and chatting with the clinic staff and patients in the waiting room was one of the only ways Dean still got to socialise. He was even helping out a bit, tidying up, fetching equipment, stuff like that, and people liked seeing him around. Lots of people miss him now that he’s confined to his rooms.” Benny sighed, before looking up and levelling his gaze directly at Castiel, “At this point, Dr Novak, I’d agree to try anything with even half a chance of keeping that boy alive. I can’t say I think we’ve done much of anything right.”
“No, I can. I like him. And Benny's still got three months training left in Paris. Honestly. I’d like to work on it.”
“Listen man, I wasn't trying to go behind your back with the touching thing. I’m just trying to look out for you, do my job. I figured Cas needs to know if there is anything wrong.”
, “As he is literally the only Pure Dominant in the entire country who is also a qualified Dynamic Therapist, I don’t have much of a choice in the matter. Am I happy about handing over the care of my son to someone with such a reckless ideology? No, of course not! But I’m desperate enough to give him the benefit of the doubt, at least for now.”
“Did you also know that he did his training at Harvard in the Progressive School of Dynamics? That his treatment methods aren’t going to be anything like the ones used here?”
Lightning-fast emotions flicker across Dean’s face, disappointment, anger, frustration. But eventually giving way to resolve, he nods. He knows how this goes by now.
Dean smiles, glorious confirmation. He knew it!
“Of course,” Cas volunteered, “just let us know if there is anything you need.”
But he couldn’t let Dean die. Not only would that break John’s heart, but it would throw the entirety of Caladh House into a year-long period of mourning. All of their businesses would be affected and worse, it would deny Gabriel the right to run for Council Leader.  He would need to wait another eight years and he couldn’t let that happen,
“It’s ok I knew him before.” he raises his hands and backs away slightly, “Shit! No...I probably shouldn’t be talking to him. I’m sorry. Okay? I’m sorry!” He tries to address Dean again, but Charlie is in front of him, basically blocking Dean from being seen. Her presence the only thing preventing him from breaking down entirely.
Dean slides his legs back down and eases his stiff knees. He just wants to sleep now, to drift off to nothingness, it’s nice actually, the empty feeling without the rush of release, new but nice.
“What about his heats?”
The next morning Dean's attitude was even worse. Castiel had to hold back his frustration and disappointment. He knew that it always took Dean time to accept this particular treatment, every time they have to do it he took a few days to come around to the idea and that it was nothing personal. But seeing the love of his life scowling at him from the minute he opened his eyes, was not the most pleasant experience to wake up to.
“Yes, his file says she died when Dean was only four, a break-in gone wrong.”
“Yeah.” Sam actually laughs, obviously recalling the day in question, “He was pretty unimpressed with that. Said he felt like a pin cushion. But we haven’t been able to get any of his dental work done yet. Dr Palmer, our on-site dentist, did a quick examination a couple of days after he arrived, but he responded really, really badly and refused to go back. After that, with everything else that’s gone on with him, it just never seemed worth the inevitable fight. I’d really appreciate it if you could add that to your list though, I know our dentist has been very concerned about it.”
Dean disappeard from the line for a moment and could be heard chatting quietly in the background before reappearing a moment later.
Gabe can't yet guess how many different options they'll need to work through, so far this heat is shaping up to be one of the worse ones. He flicks his eyes up to the monitors on the wall, the readouts still showing a ramping up of the heat, it will be a few days yet that's for sure.
“That’s good. That’s real good. Now you gonna let me put it in?”
“Dean.” his voice soft but firm, “come on, look at me.”
Warnings: Mentions of past child abuse, misuse of legal and illegal medication, death of a minor character (Mary Winchester), description of past violent acts,  - any others you'd recommend?
“He has DDS!” Sam choked out, “He's dying. Please don’t hang up!!”
Dean does eventually, eyes rolling over to his slowly, dark with need.
“You're doing great sweetheart,” he said resting his hand gently on the base of his spine, feeling the tension there.
Dean nods, comprehension finally reaching his eyes. He remembers picking it out together from that website and when it arrived opening it together. He also remembers Cas pulling it apart and showing him how it locked together. He remembers the slight exhilaration he felt thinking about Cas owning him in that way, taking over control in that fundamental way. Even now he has to bite back a moan of arousal, his heart beating a little faster at the thought.
Gabe’s been in here before, to restock the supplies and to go over the equipment with Cas in preparation. He was familiar with almost all the pieces already, having worked with Omegas for most of the last decade but knew it was helpful to revise some particulars anyway.
Dean snorts, sure of the conversation they’ll be having later about proper record keeping and the need for thorough explanations.
“Thank you,”
“Yes. I know. I’m sure I will.” He looks so relieved that Cas hasn’t the heart to tell him that it’s probably a fifty/fifty chance, two weeks isn't a long time to gain weight, even with the help of a specific diet.
“Want to do this on the sofa or at the desk?”
“I’m doing good too. Honestly. It’s hard with the extra classes they’ve asked me to I teach and the commission work, but I’m happy, feel like I’m really achieving something here.” but then his voice drops and he guiltily adds, because he knows Cas would want him to keep Sam informed, “but, I lost some weight again, been pretty irresponsible with my meals outside the house. Cas put me back on that damn liquid diet.”
“Thank you,” Cas sounded grateful, but distant, focussing all his attention on the man in his arms.
“No, Dean. Look at me.” Cas waits, Dean does, fearful. Cas wants to reach back in time and punch John Winchester in the face, “I’m proud of you. It’ll come give it time.” Cas leans forward to plant a soft kiss on his lips.
Gabe typed it all down, noting the time and frequency of Dean’s breaths as well.
Cas takes his own seat across from Dean, readying himself by taking a slow mouthful of coffee and considers how to start.
Dad, he wasn’t so lucky. Got what he wanted I guess. Partially anyway.” The last word is almost regretful sounding, agonising.
She pulled a swipe card out of his back pocket and handed it to Castiel, “This will get you into Deans rooms and any room in the clinic, as well as your apartment, the public parts of the Mainhouse and onto The Estate.”
“What did you do?” Cas is fearful but already suspects the answer.
“No, thankfully it hasn’t been necessary. But it’s been discussed.”
“At first, he seemed ok with it. I think he figured that coming here would be better than going back to prison. And he just kinda played along, telling us what we wanted to hear, showing us what we wanted to see. He was even starting to learn a few of the basic Protocols and taking part in social events. He was able to put up such an incredibly charming and charismatic façade that we didn’t realise that he was suffering. For a while he had everyone fooled.”
After the election at the end of the year, Gabriel intended to take those three seats. Recently, Gabriel had started openly discussing Dean’s illness, praising the devoted care Dean was given by the House and the admirable way everyone was coping. It had served to further increase the sympathy and garner support for Caladh House (and it’s leadership) and Gabriel intended to use their sympathy wisely.
Cas, as usual responded calmly, barely reacting to the outburst, unsurprised. Instead he gently reached down to secure the straps more firmly, holding him even tighter to the bench and the machine. Then he reached between Dean's legs and felt the swollen, aching passages there, a relieved expression flickering across his eyes.
“Yes,” clear and precise, as much as it was hard, Dean truly did want to try this, give this over to Cas, submit his needs to him.
“Good,” Gabe encouraged as Dean arrived at his front and shifted to place his back against him. The tension, tight and visible in every movement he made.
He was barely a day into his contract and he’d already learned so much, and so little, about the man who, for the next year, would be the centre focus of his life. Castiel was beginning to feel a little overwhelmed by the immensity of the task ahead.  He flipped shut his notebook and gathered up the files Sam had given him.
But Dean hated Aphroxil. He hated his own response to it, fought it every time, fought the shift in his mind, into mindless obedience.
“Good, that gives us time to get some food in him and hopefully a little sleep while I ready the heat room.”
They had worked on coping strategies, sleep techniques, meditation, and even the limited use of medication. Mostly they had it sorted and were now focussing on the nightmares, but, Cas couldn’t help when circumstances meant that Dean struggled more than usual.
“No, just take me through to his room.  I can build trust more successfully if I initially work alone.”
“That’s yours,” She gestured through a door that she had opened. It was indeed an office, much like any other, with a desk, a computer monitor, a couple of chairs, a table and some filing cabinets. This he opened and placed Dean’s file inside before locking it and pocketing the key.
“How old was he?”
As they readied for bed that night, Dean tried again to talk him out of the feeding tube. Castiel bathed and prepared Dean with his nighttime dilation devices, another area that Dean had needed to grow to accept. They were significantly bigger than the daytime dilators Dean usually wore and took some getting used to, but like the feeding tube, Dean eventually grew to accept them as necessary. Dilation was something Dean was very familiar with from his time in the OSP centre. It just took Castiel being firm and consistent in his expectations.
“Yes?”
“I’ll be fine in a minute,” he confessed, “just getting lost in my own thoughts again.”
They scrubbed their hands thoroughly and checked their nails before moving over to the window. Castiel gazed through it curiously.
“After the last time I mean, I was so worried. That last time man, it was rough, no one figured you’d be able to take that much but you did! You were a champ!” but the jovial tone faded and then man’s eyes clouded over with regret,  “I worried... didn’t think you’d make it a year putting yourself through shit like that let alone show up here looking so great. It’s a relief you know.”
“Alright, I suppose we’ve covered enough for now.”
Castiel had seen the changes himself, not just in Dean physically and emotionally but also in his work. He’d heard of Dean before he met him for the first time, been to more than one of his openings and been viscerally challenged and struck by his art. The work he completed in the years prior to their relationship was stunning, that much was obvious, but it was also heartbreaking. The sculptures he created were a combination of metal spires welded together with pottery fired with shards of glass, graceful yet brutal, and painful to comprehend. He understood why the university had stepped in to practically force Sam and Dean to sign the guardianship contract offered by the Omega Support Program. They didn’t want to lose one of their most talented and beloved staff members. He'd almost died, and his destructive spiral down into harmful behaviours needed to end.
“Yes, I know.” Sam says, sounding miserable, “ I think we need all the help we can get.”
But though he’d felt an almost physical draw towards him, still does, he never did approach him. But that same feeling lingers, even now as he wipes down the examination table with intense concentration, his attention to detail is so alluring still.
But then Sam stilled and fell quiet, refusing to meet Castiel’s eyes as he added, “and declared him ‘legally incompetent and irrational’.”
It’s the reason Dean’s dying and why Nick never stood a chance.
“What did the man say?”
Castiel was going to make sure Dean survived this.
“On my back, knees up,”
Sorry I'm so slow. But I will keep writing this, I promise!
Castiel takes a breath, thinks it over for a moment and realises, yet again, that now is not the time. He holds himself back from correcting Sam, but only just.
“Bye,” Dean replied, still panting a bit from the kiss. God he wished he could get off! He wished Castiel would just reach down and touch him, ease him through another of those earth shattering orgasms it seemed only he could ring out of Dean’s body. But no, he was in the middle of some plan, something about training Dean’s body to accept denial or something. Dean didn’t care he just missed the tender rather than clinical touches.
“Of course,” Cas doesn’t begrudge him his privacy.
About two months into his stay, Nick started losing weight, getting night terrors where he’d wake up screaming and sobbing, scratching his arms and shoulders so deeply that the therapists had to put him in mitts. They swapped out Nick’s hourly hormone tests for a Continuous Hormone Monitoring device (CHM). He stopped eating about a month later, slowly growing weaker and sicker. He started talking to his dead wife, begging her to allow him to drop, screaming at her when he couldn’t. He was losing touch with reality.
They end up chatting about plans for the wedding over the rest of breakfast and well into the morning until finally they really do need to get on with the day. There are things that need to be done, no matter the occasion.
“Sam, are you joining us?” Cas asks, even though Sam always does.
They had three spare rooms in their house but kept one especially for Sam and Jess, Cas hoped it might encourage them to visit a little more often.
“They took me into a back room, it was obviously set up for it. And they gave me the drug. I don’t know whether I wanted them to hurt me or fuck me. But I got both.”
“Smells amazing!” came Sam’s voice as he emerged from his bedroom sleepy eyed and slightly ruffled.
It happens so quickly that Dean is left breathless and gasping. Both of them pushed to the edge and finally coming back down. And though it’s a different high than an orgasm, something about it makes it just as sweet. Cas is curling into to him protectively, engulfing him as much has he can, their bodies still tied together with the knot.
He can tell it was the right decision when he turns and Dean catches his eye, determined and fighting for it. His fingers are white where they hold onto the bed frame, he’s far from ready to be left alone but he’s coping, watching Cas with conviction.
Cas wrote down
“It’s a chastity device. Remember we ordered it last month and I explained how it fits.”
Cas was hastily trying to remember the effects of Verindox, desperately cataloguing side effects and duration. It was a drug he refused to prescribe himself due to it’s potency and awful side effects of memory loss, depression, nausea, headaches to name a few. Most reputable doctors no longer even considered it an option.
“He was with you for two weeks?”
“Vanilla,”
Dean panted a little, refusing to give into it just yet, putting off the inevitable for as long as possible.
“Tell me sweetheart. What do you need?”
“Oh darling, you took that so well. You have no idea how proud I am of you!” he looked so absolutely convinced of this that Dean couldn’t help but smile back at him, his heart warming if not his dick.
I woke up four days later, they’d given me an IV of something. It must have flushed the drug from my system. But I was...I think I wanted to die. The owner of the club was there, he looked as terrified, scared shitless that he’d almost killed me probably. He kept apologising, promising he’d never give the drug anyone else again, begging me to not tell the cops what happened. He and a couple of other alphas got me up and practically carried me upstairs. They shoved me inside a van they had parked up there.
Cas adored him.
“Swallow,” Cas commanded again, more aggressive than last time. Practically growling it.
Cas dumps the contents of his arms on the bed beside them both, sorting through it quickly and organising his mind while he does it.
Dean fights the cuffs, struggling as they rise up into the ceiling, pulling him relentlessly up till just the tip of his feet rest on the ground.
They spent the next hour or so, going over the rest of what Sam knew of Dean’s background, which wasn’t all that much.  As Dean had mostly refused to speak about his past, the House had paid private investigators to dig up all the information they could find on him and assemble it into some kind of timeline of his past.
When he’s done he nods, both to himself and for Dean’s benefit.
Castiel has noticed and pauses what he’s doing, dropping the device and ice pack on the nearby instruments table.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean remembers a lot from those days, but much of it is a bit blurry around the edges. He knows he wasn’t in a good place and that affected his ability to care about what had been happening to him, apathy and pain had played a great part in his descent. He thinks he remembers vaguely a day Cas had spent an inordinate amount of time fingers deep in his ass but he can’t be sure that is what he’s referring to, Cas spent a lot of time deep in his ass in those days.
Again he tucked his head down into the crook of Cas's neck, deeply inhaling the alpha's scent, and knowing it wouldn't be enough to blunt the panic slowly settling in, he could feel it building lower in his back and running up his spine, the oversensitivity. It was too much, yet not even close to enough, he knew that, even as the plastic pushed deeper and deeper till finally, finally it rested, fully seated inside him.
Dean nods, familiar with the routine. He pulled away, turned instead to Gabriel.
Castiel made a promise to himself that night.
The whole setup reminded him of a locked dementia ward he’d once visited, he wondered if Dean’s safety plan was based on similarly resuscitative protocols.
Dean whimpers a little, hands clenched tight to the outside of Castiel’s thighs, tight enough for bruises in the morning, a little unconscious revenge. But Cas doesn't rebuke him because Dean’s trying not to touch, to speed this up, taught that lesson through frustration and denial early on. Plus for Cas, a little pain of his own only feeds his desire.
“Just breathe. That’s it. I know, it’s not the right scent, but that’s ok. It’s just us here. Breathe. That's it,” He rambled slightly holding Dean tight against his chest as the gas did its job.
Cas set Dean up at the kitchen table with a gravity bag hanging on the IV stand and set it to flow fairly quickly. He’d want this over with as soon as possible.
Dean growls, angrily, swinging his weight against him in a desperate effort for contact. Words might be lost to him right now, but his intent is clear, and his pain.
“You know I will. Always.”
Gabe gently toggled the device and lay the extra tubing against Dean’s shoulder so as not to pull at the tubing taped to his cheek.
Gabe pulls one of the stools over and lowers it to the perfect height to watch both the mechanisms of the machine and Dean's reactions. He activates the first program, watching carefully as the first phallus raises up inside the machine through a mechanical opening and directly into Dean's vaginal passage. Dean gasps, but doesn't try to pull away, more shocked than anything else. Once the first is fully seated but not yet moving, the second is raised, the device's inner panels sliding open to allows the second phallus to ease itself into Dean's anal passage. This time Dean does shift, the sensation of both passages being filled somewhat difficult to accommodate. He lets out a shaky, slow breath, preparing himself for what he knows is coming.
Six more hours pass and Gabe can see that Castiel is running out of steam, his exhaustion clearly getting the better of him. With normal heats, there would be periods of rest interspersed throughout. But with Dean sleep has to be forced, preferably through restraint, but sedation has been used in the past.
“I’ll certainly try my best,” Castiel was always careful not to make any promises, especially regarding patients as sick as Dean, but he too hoped to be successful. This exact scenario is what he’d spent his whole life training for, he’d be damned if he was going to fail.
“Yeah, when I got into Stanford and I took Dean with me. I just told him that he had to, for the first time ever I gave him a direct order. He didn’t even argue, just packed his bags and got on the bus with me.
It was with bitter humour at that irony, for first time he had laughed again. With a gallows humour he’d told Sam ‘
“Ok. What do you suggest?”
“They wanted to arrest him!” Dean snarls, angry and hurting, “Cas, let me up. I can’t do this!” He shifts against the straps, pulling and trying to dislodge himself. The heavy chair easily resisting the struggle, till he collapses again, letting the leather take his weight. “I can’t.”
He hooked Dean up for IV nutrition and set the feed for four hours.
“Alright…” she says doubtfully, as if the grey walls offended her personally.
At least he tried to wait but the liquid started to flow the minute Cas grasped his cock. Dean groaned in annoyance but didn’t attempt to stop the flow, obviously overwhelmed by the urgency. It was a lot Castiel could see, it must have been rather uncomfortable to hold so long.
Dean looks away at the earnestness in Cas’s eyes, he knows better than to argue, even if all he feels counters that belief entirely. Dean doesn’t know why Cas loves him, only that he does. He knows this to be true, a fact, even if he can’t explain why or even how he knows it.
“It’s ok. We’ve got you.” Cas kisses the corner of Dean’s mouth
The both sleep naked so it was an easy thing to turn the water on and scrub them both down. Dean was even pliant enough that he allowed Castiel to use the inbuilt enema hose in the shower stall instead of his preferred gravity bag to give him his morning enema. Castiel kissed him encouragingly and had him hold it for a few minutes while he washed both their hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ok, lean over,” Cas drags the harness up over his head. This one isn’t nearly as restrictive, although much more functional. It’s very similar to a full-body rock climbing harness as it features a large belt around the waist with straps over the shoulder and around each thigh. It was designed for suspension and flexibility. Additional fittings could be added as needed. It came with simple wrist and ankle cuffs as well which Cas attached.
His eyes were shut and he was feverish, twisting in his arms.
“Ten sets of five seconds each. Do you need me to count?”
“That’s you done then?”
The weight of their bodies pulling them together, Dean is clinging fiercely in his arms. He’s not crying, not able to yet. But he tucks his head into Cas’s neck, hiding from the fear he saw in Cas’s eyes. Hiding from reality a moment longer.
He’s lost count of how many times he’s reminded people, ‘
He just hoped it would be enough to save Dean.
“You too. See you soon.”
“That was perfect sweetheart,” He said as he measured out a length of tape and fitted it carefully across Dean’s cheek.
Castiel had stopped even before his skin started to pink up. He’d seen that look before in Dean’s eyes and that was misery, deep seated and enduring, no lessons would be learnt here, no calming release, nothing healthy. He couldn’t continue.
“And what? Stayed with Dean the whole time? Turned down the job of a lifetime to babysit a brother who was by all accounts excelling?”
“Yeah, and it was fucking agony. Every cell was burning and there was nothing I could do for it but let them take me. I begged them to, over and over. I’m not even sure how many. I stopped thinking, stopped remembering, stopped being. I know that’s fucked up alright. But it was the only thing that worked. It felt right that they used me. I’m sorry!” He looks shattered and guilty as if his actions were somehow damaging to Castiel instead of himself.
Dean thinks it over but shakes his head, obviously reluctant to have his mouth filled again so soon.
“Gonna finish off this section,” Dean gestured to the roughly six foot pile of twisted metal, “and then see if we can get to the next section in the afternoon.”
Cas can’t help but feel proud of Dean. It had taken a lot for him to be able to show physical affection, he still can’t with most people, but now, with those he trusts he lets himself indulge a little.
They’d practised this too.
“Good. I think he’s getting married. He didn’t want to come out and say it yet. But they’ve been together for ages now. It’s probably time.” Both Sam and Jess were betas and if they wanted to conceive, they’d probably have to start trying soon. Unlike omegas, betas had a harder time falling pregnant, well normal Omegas anyway, for once Dean was glad he didn’t have to worry about that, even if it was still a sore spot he didn't like to think about too often.
And if Submissives themselves don’t realise it, well, Dominants never stood a bloody chance!
Dean nods, certain, needing.
“Please,” he practically moans the word, “Please, Cas!”
I can see it now, looking back, how messed up he was, how cruel. He never actually said it and he’d have denied it if asked (even to himself I reckon) but I knew he blamed Dean. Didn’t want to, Dean was only a kid, a baby and it was totally illogical. But that’s pain for you, can make you think crazy things.
Dean had refused to submit to anyone, and he hadn’t even tried to go down into his headspace. He also refused to participate in any training. We figured that with everything that had happened, and his designation so new, he just needed a little more time to adjust, we didn’t want to pressure him. We were, of course, deluding ourselves. By allowing him to avoid submitting, we’d ignored all of our own rules and practices, we allowed him to get so sick. But at that point, we thought that the DDS hormone replacement meds were still working. We thought we had time.”
“Seventeen? We think so anyway. The foster records are a total mess,” Sam looked furious. He reached down into a drawer under his desk and dragged out a huge chaotic binder, hundreds of documents, some of them obviously decades old. “It’s completely unacceptable! This lists six different birth dates! Not one record of a visit to a doctor or a dentist in all that time.” He looks despairingly down at the pages, “How could they not even bother to get him vaccinated? We had to do them all here, on the first day he arrived.”
Cas pulls him close, running his hands down his side and cupping his ass possessively.
Dean wished that if he ever was in real trouble that a dedicated doctor like Castiel was on hand to treat him.
“I’m going to undo you in a minute, but first I’m going get something to help you with this. We talked about it before remember?”
“Yeah, they were... god they saved us both. They’d been trying to find Dean for a long time, apparently he had been flagged multiple times on their system as a possible abuse case, guess his teachers were more observant than we thought.”
“I was stupid. I should have said something,” his voice grew more determined with every word, “I want this ok. I want to trust you.”
As they readied for bed Cas secured the straps across Dean’s body without him even having to ask
“Thanks,” he sounded genuinely touched, if a little shy at the compliment, “Can I help you with this?” He said gesturing to the bags Sam had brought in.
“Yep. Listen, you know that Novak’s Progressive, right?” Gabe asked, his tone wary.
"Ready?" He asked Cas, preparing to select the first six-hour sequence already preprogrammed in preparation.
“Ok, before we do this, I want you to know you can tell me to stop anytime you want. Even if you’re just not feeling it alright?”
“Yeah, he never forgot once, took them everyday like clockwork. Even tried to get some once we moved away.”
“Looking quite hot there Deano!”
“That’s it.” He praises, “Keep still.” the direction clear as a bell, even when spoken in Cas’s soothing voice.
He sounds every bit the doctor, calm and precise in his instructions, even if his voice is a little tight around the edges, it soothes Dean immediately.
Cas is quiet for a moment thinking.
Gabe flicked his screen over to the app recording the various vital signs from the sensors placed about Dean’s body, they were elevated but not worryingly so, fairly normal for a pre-heat Omega.
Dean wants to tell him it's impossible, but feels himself nodding obediently instead.
Cas heads into his clinical rooms to collect the scentless oil he uses in clinical massage and a couple of instant ice packs.
“You piss yet?”
They learned that as a baby, Dean had been stolen away from the safety of the Harbour and his loving father, who had never given up searching. How Dean, having been denied his true name and identity, was raised by heartless foster carers and brutal institutions. They heard how the callus government had refused to give him a designation test and then abandoned him, leaving him homeless and vulnerable.
“Benny Lafitte,” the man said, holding out his hand for Castiel to shake.
Dean huffs out a laugh, “Yes, God Dammit Gabe! Stop!”
“Not tonight. You’ve worked your body hard enough today. Go to the bedroom and lay down. I’ll be there in a minute.”
Not for the first time did Dean imagine he hadn’t been matched with a doctor, he loved Castiel with everything he had but sometimes wished that he had been an architect or painter or something. Even though he knew a different alpha would probably be more traditional in his discipline, a fear Dean really didn’t want to entertain, not after...he just couldn't.
But he started in on Dean. He convinced himself that if Dean was tougher, wasn’t a weak Omega, hid who he was, that maybe he’d be better off. Be able to protect himself. He taught Dean to shoot, to fight, would go at him over the littlest things, like how he wore his clothes, brushed his hair, how he talked. Everything was too weak, to Omega. Even then I knew it was wrong but I didn’t know how to fix it.” the regret colouring his voice, the guilt. Sam, Castiel couldn’t help thinking, probably didn’t even realize how much it had hurt him too, watching your brother suffer and being powerless to stop it, and he truly thought he was the undamaged one. He wondered how Jess dealt with it. He should probably bring it up with her on the weekend, another painful conversation to have, he thought bitterly, so many dark places yet to explore.
“I’m right here sweetheart.”
“No way, with your gigantic lungs, you could hold it for hours. Just shut up and let me hug my baby brother.” Dean replies, not budging an inch.
“I’m not sure ‘raised’ is a good term for that happened to him. Dean refuses to talk about his past, so what we have is from our own research. We know they went by many different aliases and moved around constantly. We think she fell in with some shady people and possibly resorted to prostitution, lots vulnerable submissives get manipulated and abused when they are as isolated as she was. We know that she died just after Dean’s tenth birthday and that the death certificate lists it is an overdose. I’m pretty sure not even Dean knew her real surname, so when she died, his true identity got lost. The social worker chose ‘Smith’ as his surname and joked that at least it was better than ‘Doe’.” Castiel grimaced, she wasn’t wrong, but it was a pretty ruthless way to name a kid.
“What did it say?”
“I know sweetheart.” Cas shushes, resting his head beside Deans on the pillow, letting his solid weight do the rest. He has Dean’s arms pulled up above both their heads, resting on the pillow, his wrists gripped tight in his hands, he doesn’t let go.
“But it did get better. After…” Cas flips through the file for the answer, “seven heats?”
Cas thinks,
“Awesome.”
Dad was angry at first, but it was a token gesture, probably happy to be free of the ‘burden’. He eventually just drunk himself into oblivion like usual, didn’t even see us off at the busstop.”
A CRP frame is a padded metal structure which is designed to partially encase the patient’s body and prevent most types of movement. Each frame was custom made for the individual to fit the exact contours of their body. Some patients called it a ‘cage’, but Castiel didn’t think that term quite fit as the frame itself was completely open on the front and only encased the back and sides of the patient. This was to allow the patient to breathe freely and for other necessary minor shifts in the body. It was the multitude of thick straps that actually held the patient into the frame, rather than the frame itself that restricted them. Each individual part of the body was gently but firmly restrained into the frame, right down to the individual limbs, fingers, toes, etc. The head had slightly more movement, where due to the lack of metal under the chin the head could be nodded slightly, but that could be remedied, if desired, by the addition of a chin strap. The whole frame was mounted on a device which could be lowered almost to the floor or raised to waist height. It could also be rotated into several different angles and even completely upright into a standing position, should that be required, but mostly it left to make slight shifts automatically to prevent the development of pressure points. It was often paired with a weighted blanket and sensory limitation devices such as blindfolds and earplugs.
As expected Charlie was there already working. She climbed down off the ladder she was teetering on dangerously and gave him a suspicious look, eyeing the NG tube with disdain.
“Yeah, well where was I the next time he needed me? I’d fucked off with Jess, that’s what!” Cas can hear him swallowing raggedly in the background, obviously fighting off tears, the guilt Cas knew he held still for not being with Dean, even now. “Where was I when that Bastard came back?”
They all had a long night ahead.
Sam patiently waits him out, holding his own arms gently around Dean, understandably although mistakenly fearful of his past fragility, knowing full well how lucky he is to have this at all.
He doesn’t always make Dean wait for his assistance, obviously it’s impossible while either of them is at work or when they’re separated for other reasons but when they are together the expectation is that Dean will ask, will wait for him. A sure fire sign that Dean wants (or needs) to go back on the catheter is not telling Castiel when he needs to go, or more problematically going before asking assistance.
“Yeah. I remember,”
At the front Cas pulled up another section of the device and slid Dean's cock down into an attached chamber, his balls resting in a silicone sheath behind it. Gabe couldn't help but wince, while the device between Dean's legs would bring him only pleasure, the secondary one in which his dick was currently being fed was designed to limit penile sensation and prevent orgasm if necessary. Medical research had shown that vaginal and clitoral orgasms were the key to ending Omega Heats, and that penile orgasms could actually delay the process. Although normally it didn't matter as Omegas heats were generally able to resolve on their own, anything that prolonged Dean's were to be prevented. They usually tried to make the first 24 hours of his heats as normal as possible, including allowing penile orgasms. But after that, they actively prevented them.  It was tough on Dean, but he understood.
“How about we find Benny?” Castiel asked, already walking out of the room.
Until Cas sits back again, against his chair and takes a deep breath. He looks down at the medical reports, thick and damning in the file and curses the man for teaching Dean to be such a good liar.
“So, I’ve got a couple of classes today and then I’m just in the studio in the afternoon. When are you thinking of coming by?”
When Cas decides he’s had enough, he pulls his fingers out and wipes him off. The collection jar is whisked away, probably to be sent to some lab somewhere knowing Cas and the still warm blanket pulled back over the rest of him, tucked in tight and secure.
"You will always be mine. None of this matters. You are perfect. Ok?" He's waiting for a response, and Dean obliges, nodding, a little teary but agreeing, taking the comfort.
He leaned forward, heaving against the straps that held him to the bench until he was far enough forward to tuck his chin in under Castiel's neck and breathe. Warm arms encircled him, his lungs dragging in deep ragged breaths, he wanted Cas's scent, Cas's body.
Dean screams and screams. He panics and shudders. Ripping, tearing the bedding off himself. He begs.
“The drug worked? You went into heat?”
, he’d explained to them,
When Nick entered the facility, at first, everything seemed to be going fine. He smiled and joked with his therapists and other patients, he even joined in the baseball games they often played in the afternoons. Castiel was stoked, begging his therapists to allow him to scene with Nick, sure that he could help drop him like none of them could. He was Pure too, he argued, why not let him assist at least? But they always refused him.
“He uh….he just turned up one night, boot full of whiskey and told me he was crashing for a while. Told me not to tell Sam, said Sam was dead to him.”
“Do I have a choice?” his voice heavy with resigned acceptance.
“I’m going to try put it off for a several more hours at least,” Dean groaned in frustration and his breathing picked up speed, obviously listening in to the conversation, even if he didn’t feel able to take part.
Cas does too. The irritability, the attitude bordering on outright disobedience. The emotional wreck that Dean became. He’d vowed not to tell that happen ever again and had added a supply of sleeping pills to his everyday kit just in case.
Gabe ignored it for now, choosing instead to focus on the bed, pulling off the covers and back the sheets. By the time they needed it, Dean would be much too far gone to bother with the covers.
“Turn over for me,” he voice a study in composure.
The job of a Dynamic Therapist isn’t just to work with the patient, often it’s even more important to work with the family members. Intensive Dynamic Therapy intervention of the type Castiel specialises in requires family members to both participate in the treatment directly, but also to engage with the therapist for themselves. Usually, they have their own issues and concerns that need addressing, as well as help learning the skills and techniques necessary to support their loved one. DDS is a terrible illness, but with the family on board, it can be cured.
“I convinced myself that he was right. He convinced me, every night in my sleep, I saw him mocking me and calling me a whore. Ordering me to give in to it. Eventually, I did.”
It goes on like this for a while, Cas occasionally praising him and continuing to work him further and further along. But eventually Dean feels it, the nothing release, the slip of liquid out of his cock and the unfulfilled ache flowing away. He still wants to come but now it’s emotional instead of physical, he can feel it easing away. He smiles privately into the blankets, trust Cas to know just what to do.
“That looks painful.” Dean remarks dryly, but feeling a little sheepish, the intimate moment broken by the reminder of the coming cold pack currently defrosting on the instrument tray.
“They’re getting there,” Dean answers dismissively, his voice tight.
“Shit, ok. Sit down.” She helps him move backwards, towards a bench on the side of the path and sits him down. Crouching in front of him, but not touching him.
At first scent, Dean bucked angrily away from him, instinctively reaching up to pull the mask off, but Cas held his wrists, harshly yanking them back down to his lap. Fists turning white in the effort.
“How was his first actual heat? It says here he needed hospitalisation.” Cas is almost afraid to ask.
Gabe purposefully didn’t crowd him, but he did make eye contact, hoping to reassure him.
“Thank you. I mean it.”
“It was my first time,” spoken plainly like Dean tends to do when it hurts.
At first, he’d thought he was just another lawyer representing the House. He’d just politely refused again and was moving to hang up, when he heard Sam yell down the line, words he’d hoped to never hear again.
Cas waits, gently reassuring him with an endless run of words, whispered and gentle directly into his ear. Listening to Dean’s lungs gasp and pant, slowly calming, slowly coming back.
In those three words, the judge had rendered Dean entirely powerless and reliant on the goodwill of the House. By declaring Dean ‘legally incompetent and irrational’ the judge had stripped him of almost all his of civil liberties including; the right to liberty, freedom of speech, right to own property, right to body autonomy and integrity, right to privacy, right to equal treatment under the law and due process. Castiel felt sick at the thought. That Judge had really done everything in his power to bind Dean to Caladh House.
“Hey, don’t get me wrong. I definitely want it out. I even asked Cas if he could take it out early, for lunch tomorrow.”
“That was years later Sam. You couldn’t have known. Dean was by all accounts doing well, he had his job at the university, he was living independently, hell, he even had the OSP fooled.” The least Cas could do was reassure Sam that it wasn’t his fault, the blame lay squarely on the shoulders of their father.
But Cas is being kind tonight, wanting to release the tension for Dean not build it up. So he reached up behind his head and pulls up the key fastened to a chain around his neck.
He knows that's when they realized, saw him slowly coming undone under a doctor's gentle examination and thought to themselves, this will do.
Dean tucks himself tighter, not away, just inward, letting the sensation flow over him and out. It’s not like it was leading anywhere anyway so he releases it. Enjoying it for what it is and not what it isn’t.
Cas is reluctant, he hadn’t planned on this but upon reflection he should have expected it. He had needed to do this to Dean almost every night when he had first come to Castiel.
“She’s right. You do look good. Happy.” Sam added with a shrug.
“I’ll tell you what I know of it, but I haven’t been told much. My Dad doesn’t like to talk about it. I’d suggest you speak to my uncle Bobby, he’s my Dad’s best friend and was there at the time. He might be willing to give you more details.”
“Yes.  He placed Dean under the ‘Full and Permanent Guardianship’ of Caladh House. He named John as his primary guardian and me as his secondary. Due to the violent nature of Dean’s crimes, high flight risk and extreme vulnerability, his guardianship contract includes an exceptionally strict set of care requirements. I’ll give you a copy of the contract, but for example, he is required to wear a ‘full and leash’, be fitted with a  GPS tracker, a locked collar with the Caladh House name and contact details and be supervised whenever outside of the estate, and that’s just the supervision requirements. You should see the list of behavioural constraints!”
“But you have to tell me before it gets too bad, before I have no choice but to force you,” Cas is leaning over, willing their eyes to meet, he holds Dean's chin tightly circling his head with his other arm, his weight pressing them both down to the bed. Locking him into the uncomfortable conversation.
“That sounds good, thank you.”
“Can’t say I’ve met many progressives. I was raised and spent most of my life here, so there hasn’t been much opportunity,” her eyes seemed curious rather than hostile, “they’ve asked me to help you fit in around here, you know, teach you about our customs, beliefs, protocols, and basically anything else that comes up. I’d be mighty pleased if you’d be willing to do the same for me? I’m so curious about all of it!” Charlie is beaming at him with puppy-like enthusiasm.
“Sensory processing issues are often the first symptom to manifest in DDS.“Sensory processing issues are an extremely common symptom of DDS. It’s often the first symptom of the condition that patients experience, often an early warning sign that medical intervention may be required. Although, Dean may have been dealing with it for years before the other symptoms became severe.” Castiel himself was quite familiar with the pain associated with being unable to process noise or bright lights, “It’s something which will hopefully reduce once his hormone and neurotransmitter levels stabilise. There are also several therapeutic techniques and coping strategies which can be taught. As for the NG tube, unfortunately, that’s also quite common. It’s essential that he maintain a healthy BMI and receives adequate daily nutrition. In my experience, it’s best to act preemptively on this issue rather than allow patients to lose significant weight and then struggle to gain it back. Dean may not like it, but it’s something that I’m likely to advise we keep using in the longer term, at least until he’s able to reliably consume a variety of food types and meet a reasonable daily calorie target orally.”
“He got good you know, at hiding it. Worked out, built up muscle. He’d watch Dad and other alphas, copy their movements, their way of speaking. He’d get me to help him pick clothes and stuff. If you met him then you would have sworn he was a beta, maybe even a weak alpha. But for Dad it was never enough, I’d come home to him taking his belt to Dean for speaking in a certain way or sitting wrong. I swear, nothing Dean could do was good enough. He was black and blue more often than not.” And that was it, the cruelest thing, because that was all a Submissive ever wanted was to be accepted, to be good enough, to be loved. Cas’s heart broke for young Dean.
Cas snaps. He can’t not have this man in his arms a moment longer.
It’s like a shot rang out. Gabe is up and out, pulling bodily away from him, giving him space.
“Come on!” he practically whines hating the sound of his won voice but wanting it too badly to care, “You can talk later. I’m waiting here!”
The only piece of equipment that was new to Gabe was actually the most important. It took up most of the middle of the room, was designed to Cas’s exacting standards, and like most of Cas’s equipment, custom made.
And he wants it now. Wants to get to the part where he had Cas’s inside him. Where he can feel Cas’s fingers smoothing down the straps, working him open. He’s had enough waiting.
Cas hasn’t loosened his bonds though, instead, he’s got him on his back and was lying over him. Pinning him down with all of his weight.
Dean's knows that those first days with him he wasn't right, disassociated and emptied of anything but pain and anger.  But somehow it being Cas they chose, the man he felt so entirely drawn to but able to approach began a flicker, a whisper of something, a spark.
“You don’t want...?” Dean asks nervously, never sure when it comes to offering himself.
“Dean! Dean, breathe for me. Calm down, I'm right here.” Cas guided a little brokenly, while Gabe wrestled back control control of the struggling man.
“Tell me what you need.”
Any kinks you'd like to see explored in more detail?
Dean led him to his office in the back and shut the door behind them. He pulled the blinds as well, unable to not be self conscious. There was an ensuite bathroom off to one side and Gabe followed him in there.
“Alright. I’m going to have him do the pelvic floor monitoring internally today. I want you to try at least, if it’s too much, ask him to step back. It won’t be a failure if you can’t do it. Ok?”
Mostly it’s the damn stirrups that Dean dislikes, he actually threatened to take to them with a hacksaw but Cas won’t let him. Reminding him that they are the
He feels rather than sees the tears, Dean’s an expert at hiding his pain, but his cheek is damp where they’re pressed together. Cas knows better than to comment.
Dean nods, not trusting words yet.
“I can't… please,” Dean growled, angry and hurting. But Cas holds back, doesn't even approach the bed, though it's obviously difficult.
The minute Sam enters Dean is up and across the room, throwing his arms around Sam like a lifeline.
Benny nods, accepting the advice easily, “That’s easily arranged. We have a House tailor who already has Dean's current measurements, he'd be happy to create whatever you need. Is there a specific garment design you have in mind?”
“Shh...not yet.” Cas warns, but does sympathetically assist by again tightly circling the base of his cock, holding off release a little longer, drawing out the need. Cas’s other hand however isn’t so helpful and continues to work in and out of Dean, pushing again and again against that inner place his thumb massaging and unerringly finding that outer mound that has Dean practically thrumbing with it.
The fingers inside him are dipping deeper with every thrust and the hand working his cock again finally moving, finally letting the pressure….the pleasure….
“Sorry?” the jumble of words and sounds barely contained any meaning though Cas can guess what Dean is wanting. He’ll have to ask though, it’s important that he expresses what he wants.
“Yeah?”
He felt his muscles relaxing down comfortable and secure on the knot. The pain of it fading back into a lazy sort of ease. He feels himself relax, finally, and can't help moaning a little around the fullness in his mouth. It feels so good, so right to be full again.
"Pass me the blindfold," he hears Cas say, before a sweet darkness overcomes him, "that's perfect, you're being so good for me right now."
“You too, sorry I haven’t called more. I’ve been so busy with the new commission,”
Cas could imagine it, John driving himself further and further down that bitter road of resentment till finally snapping and releasing it all on the one who loved him most seemed logical. Angry at the world, and at a boy innocent but forever blackened by an act that destroyed them both. The guilt must have eaten at him till it turned around back on Dean. Guilt over his own actions that night, grief and loss never resolved. And though he never met John, Castiel felt he knew the man, understood the fractured way his psyche saw it, and condemned him nonetheless.
Sam pulled out another file, this one twice the size of the last. Cas tried not to blanche, that couldn’t be a good sign.
Gabe knew what he wanted, a second alpha was needed, or at least the illusion of one. Dean’s body was confused as to why he was responding to two alphas but felt only one.
‘Thank you,’ Cas mouthed, not wanting to shatter this moment. Even he looked better, more collected. He lay down on the camp bed by the wall, curled his body purposefully away from them and tried to go back to sleep.
Benny nods, apparently satisfied with that answer.
“How long do you think?”
“That’s it sweetheart.” Cas allows, finally, “Let it go.”
“This should help with the pressure and the need a bit. I’m going to give you a prostate massage. We’ve done this once before, when you first came to me. Do you remember?”
“How did Dean feel about all this? Did he come here willingly?” Cas asked.
“That’s ok,” Castiel reassures him, “I’m used to people not knowing what information is relevant and what isn’t. How about I ask some questions?”
“You mentioned that Dean likes gaming? Movies?”
“Yes, I read the report in the file.” Cas flips through and pulls it out, turning to the social worker’s statement.
Luckily, the medical supplies were kept by the door so it was easy enough to grab a tube of glucose gel from the shelf, the injection kit and an energy bar for Cas.  He brightened the lights a bit, signalling his presence. Dean pulled his arms up to cover his eyes, growling low and frustrated. Cas, however, seemed more lucid, pulling himself up to meet Gabe’s eyes calmly, but obviously not up to talking much.
He sees the door, the dark corridor, the smell of freshly laundered sheets, the alphas, all waiting, there, for him. He dreams of dirty sheets, of daylight days later, sunlight searing his eyes after the darkness. He screams.
Cas for his part doesn't hesitate, he guides the mouthpiece deep into Dean's throat. They'd swapped it out for a larger size this time, a longer tube that pushed deep down his throat, hoping it might help calm him and noting how he'd almost bitten through the last, smaller one.
“Can do!” she replied, “Sam says you want to meet Dean and his team now?”
Castiel's fingers are unrelenting in their movements, never giving Dean a chance to calm down, "We'll work on that,". With his other hand he turns Dean's face, running his fingers along his cheeks below the blindfold, "that's alright right isn't it darling? You can give me three more?"
He knew the day had been hard on Dean, the first couple were always the hardest by far and he wanted to reward him. He had several ideas in mind.
“Can we do the test yet?” referring to the hormonal testing strips they used to see if his heat was satisfied.
Benny led them over to the table in the corner and sat down, gesturing to the other chair across from him. He looked exhausted, which Castiel couldn't blame him for, there was little more destructive to a person than watching someone you cared for physically and mentally declining and being powerless to help them.
“Of course. God Dean, you scared me half to death.”
But honestly, and he does need to be honest with himself, he’s learning that, he also wants to be denied, he wants Cas to use his body for pleasure without receiving any himself because that in some way will be true submission, let him give Cas everything for once, everything he has.
I started to fear that every word I spoke, every movement I made might give me away. I couldn’t talk to anyone without feeling like a fake, I wasn’t worthy of taking up their time, wasting their breath on me but I was so desperate for anything to make me feel something, I wanted it anyway. But it just made it worse. I wanted touch and affection so bad it almost killed me. But more than that I didn’t want them to find out that I really was.”
Dean looks away meaningfully, dragging his eyes across the room and fixing them in the corner, fixing them on the wooden chest resting there.
Dean was still gasping, and gritting his teeth, anger still simmering, he panted and growled.
Also, I really just want to know if my strange, little universe is making any sense!
“But, he was my Dad. I owed him so much. After Mom...he tried his best.”
Cas slips his hands away and uses them to turn his face towards him, sinking into the kiss willingly. He keeps them like that for a little while, lazily working their lips together as he lets Dean gather the pieces of himself back together.
Jess is next, warmly pulling her soon to be brother-in-law into her arms.
As both his parents were neutrals, everyone assumed by that he would be Neutral too. So unfortunately, it was only in his late teens, after months of increasingly debilitating nausea, fevers, migraines, cramps and so many other horrific symptoms. His doctor finally, after having ruled out everything else, ran the DSPD blood test.
Sometimes, he knows, it’s only been Cas and Sam, his therapist, the centre and all the other people invested in him surviving that have kept him sane, kept him alive. He knows, he’s broken. But hopes. In some distant, fantasy way that maybe one day he might catch a glimpse of what they tell him they see clearly. For now, he imagines it in his art, from once depicting the tormented things he saw when he looked inside, he now creates what he dreams they see in him, what beauty he wishes he too saw deep inside.
“No, not tonight, we’ll see how you go. But, if you can’t sleep for a few nights then it’d be a good idea. We don’t want you falling back into old patterns again.You know how sick you got the last time we let that go on too long.”
His body already knows how, instinctively relaxing as his alpha commands. And suddenly it's not so bad, the slide feels deep but comfortable and fulfilling, and the want has returned too, the need to be filled up. It feels so good, each minute push, a beautiful expansion of the sensation, pleasure sparking down his spine where only minutes ago he felt only panic and pain.
I'd love to hear your thoughts!
Cas lets him sleep. As long as possible. Long past the dawn and into the late morning, unwilling to end what his body must desperately need.
But then he got a call from Sam Winchester.
“No, I can do it.” Dean was a little tense, trying to keep his breathing even like Castiel had taught him. Castiel rests his hand lightly between his legs, feeling the muscles clench and release rhythmically, the pelvic floor exercises getting easier for Dean the longer he does them.
“What can I say?” John chuckled, “After bringing Dean into my life, it’s put a lot of other things into a different perspective.”
“Cas? Hi, what can I do for you?”
"That's it sweetheart, just breathe and let the gas do its job. That's good, very good," Cas's voice is calming, soothing away the bitter anger. Already he can feel the distress slipping away, pleasure at giving into his alpha, pleasing his alpha taking its place.
“Ok, no problem. I have patients lined up till around one but I want you fed at least twice before then. So we’ll do one now and I’ll send Gabriel by around eleven with the next bag.” Cas wished he could do both feeds himself but he has other responsibilities. Gabriel's an excellent nurse, alongside Benny and Charlie, he was someone Cas could rely upon to care for Dean in his absence. They’re also friends which helps quiet Dean’s protests that he can do it himself, he always looked forward to catching up with Gabe.
“You should already know the answer to that. Isn’t it in his file?” his voice is hesitant, like he just want to avoid the topic altogether. Too painful Cas supposes.
“Hey,” Gabe said, seeing the humour fall from Dean’s expression, “I know this sucks. I’d hate it too you know, I couldn’t stand a day without reaching for the nearest candy bar. But Cas, he’s only doing this because you need it.”
Castiel made himself a simple meal of reheated stew and set Dean at the table with another glass of ice and a full bag flowing down steadily inside him. Once they were done, Dean made to head into the training room where they usually spent a couple of hours after dinner working on various physical movement and obedience exercises.
“Hello?” Sam’s voice sounds tired and a little tense. Cas supposed that he’d probably just come home from work, was ready to crack up open a beer and de-stress from the day.
Gabe nodded, meeting Cas’s gaze squarely, he knew how hard the request really was on both of them, how intimate this would be.
“You doing ok?” the worry evident.
Dean sighs, “I know you meant well. I just struggle with it. I know you do your best but it’s going to take time.”
“Because he doesn’t understand that we’re just trying to help him!” Sam looked like he was about to cry, “He fights us every time we take him down and we haven’t even managed to induce a partial drop yet. We’ve tried everything but we can’t make him submit and he’s just getting sicker and weaker. He’s slowing fucking dying, but still he fights us. We’re failing him and he hates us!” Sam has his head in his hands.
That came out way sadder and angsty than planned :( Weird chapter I know, but some people have been asking for flashbacks to Dean at the OSP for ages now and while I didn't want to deal with Cas and Dean's early days (thinking a sequel for that, what do you think?) I did want to go into the immobilization thing and how they figured out that Dean might respond to medical intervention in an atypical way. He's still pretty messed up in the head at that point so it reads as pretty dark and sad, sorry about the feels!
“I let him fuck me. That man yesterday. In the club. I asked for it,” Dean says it so quietly that Cas barely catches the words, ashamed and whispered to the water that surrounds them. Cas had run a bath and now they rest, curled around each other, limbs entwined, soaking away what they can of the earlier pain.
Plus, it wasn't like he could masturbate or anything, Castiel would be ringing him immediately to ask about his elevated heart rate and why the sensors in his daytime dilators were registering unusual readings.
“Do you want a gag?”
“But you know what’s worse?” Sam all bitter resentment, “They’d get him fed, hydrated and up on his feet again for a couple of weeks and then the next one would hit and the next and the next, for months. He was in and out of hospital and basically living at the OSP centre between heats. Even though they said it would get better, I eventually stopped believing them, not that I let Dean know that, but it was just… just so scary and I was so angry. I wanted to track Dad down, make him go through what Dean was going through. I wanted to hurt him for it.”
Once fitted Dean had an hour or so before they started expanding as they were designed specifically to give him time to fall asleep. So, Castiel quickened his movements, knowing Dean would need as much time as possible to settle for the night.
He felt Dean purposefully matching his breathing, a technique taught by the OSP to calm himself. And he could feel him just as purposefully loosening his muscles.It worked, for a time, over and over, he’d wake and sleep and wake again.
“I’ve got a few follow up consultations and Dr. Meyers has asked me to assist him this afternoon. Apparently a young Omega patient of his is having trouble stabilising her heats and she doesn’t want to look for an Alpha till she is regular.” Dean nodded sympathetically. He’d gone through a similar thing a couple of years ago and could appreciate just how draining it could be on the body and the mind never knowing just when a heat would hit. His were still awful, but at least he knew when they were coming.
“Please!” desperation, want and pain and all of it again and again, “Please! Please! Please!...”
“Slowly, it’s one thing to design it and another thing completely to build it. But we’re getting there and Cas is being great about the long hours. I feel bad you know, getting home so late each night and working all these weekends.”
Against the advice of his therapists and the doctors, Castiel eventually attempted to take Nick down anyway, he knew that he just had to try. Of course, they had brought in other Pure Dominants, attempted that route many times already. Half a dozen different Pure Dominants had flown in from all over the country and attempted to get him to go down. But not even they were able to help him. The medications had stopped working entirely and the nurses had begun to avoid meeting Castiel’s eyes when they spoke about him.
“I have to go in,” Dean sounded reluctant, “Charlie needs help with some welding and I can’t trust Mark alone with the kiln.”
“Do you think his issue is with being restrained?” Cas started to jot down notes as Benny talked.
“Dad was devastated. He’d tried really hard to connect with Dean, but we all failed. Even now, we don’t really even know him. He was polite, friendly even, but he never told us anything about himself, never really let Dad or anyone else in.”
“Okay,” Cas huffed out a laugh, “for now, we walk.”
“Dr Novak?” Sam held out his hand, “I’m Sam Winchester. Welcome to Caladh Estate.”
“Sam was there when I woke up. He’d flown down as soon as they called him. I’ve never seen him so scared.” Dean looks away, refusing to face the guilt he feels.
“...my beautiful Omega. I knew you could do it. Look at you...” the stream of words Cas is speaking finally breaking through to his jumbled mind. His voice the anchor he needs not to fall apart, not entirely, but Cas notices anyway, he always does.
“It’s okay, take it easy. I’m going to get you off, don’t worry,”  He turns his head to whisper in Dean's ear as he slowly works the plastic in his hand, “I’ve got you.”
“And you?”
“We’re just going to crash, if that's alright. It’s been a really long day,” Sam brushed a hand over his eyes, the exhaustion obviously getting the better of him.
Gabe supposed you could call it a piece of furniture and it did nominally resemble a bed in its current neutral state. But a bed was actually the least of it’s uses, it was more a frame for Dean rest on, to hold his exhausted body as the Heat raged through him than any sort of bed.
“I know alright. You don’t think I try?”
“You know our mother died when Dean was still young?” his voice toneless, deliberately emotionless.
At the time he hadn’t known whether what he was feeling was relief or terror, probably both he’d supposed. He’d always known it would end like that, being handed over to an Alpha, a random owner like some piece of property, he’d always known it was all he was worth.
But it was all still a painful work in progress.
Then Cas is climbing into the car and they’re driving away. Unconsciousness does taken him then finally, once he can hear Cas’s breath, beside him, easing him off to sleep.
"Okay, I hear you. We'll try the Valium first," Cas sounds relieved, pleased that Dean can talk, even if it's a struggle
The groan he was met with was anguished and low, Dean didn't even try to respond, instead practically throwing himself at Cas. Gabe's firm hold the only thing stalling the desperate movement, pulling him back down.
“What happened after that? Castiel asked instead, “They can’t have sent him back to the prison. It’s not a suitable environment for a pure submissive.”
He got up instead, letting Cas gather a few precious hours more. The guilt felt over the disturbed night outweighing his need for companionship.
"It's ok darling, just relax. Let in it. Let it all the way inside you,"
“Remember sweetheart. Nil by mouth until I say so. You can suck on some ice to wet your mouth but that’s it.”
“Yeah, fountains don’t build themselves you know.”
“Difficulty forming and maintaining social and family relationships can be challenging for subs from traumatic backgrounds. It is possible for them to learn to trust again and to form friendships, but it must be earned, and requires patience and a commitment from everyone involved.”
“Is it alright?” Charlie said gesturing to the rest of the room, “Do you need anything? Sorry there isn’t a view, but we can paint it, or change anything you like, honestly, these room are so grey and boring. Benny just got a new…”
They had already gone over the plan for the next few days in minute detail, had it all figured out. Cas had provided copious notes documenting Dean’s previous heats and a copy of his medical file. They had a strict contingency plans for every possibility.
“It’s complicated and a really, really long story. I genuinely think Dean should be the one telling you.” he’s nervous, unwilling.
“I know you do, Honey, but I’ve finished my rut.” when he can't hold himself back any longer, Cas pulls Dean into his arms from behind, encircling him,  “It’s going to be both of us helping you now.”
He shifted from foot to foot, nervous need pouring off him in waves, he wasn’t too far gone yet but it was building. He looked terrified and desperate all at once.
“Okay, first this.” Cas reaches under the bed and pulls out the straps permanently fastened there. He flips them first across Dean’s body, checking the length and positioning. He slides them under Dean. One under his ankles, one his hips, his waist, and the last under his shoulders.
Then he grabbed me. Fist full of my hair, dragged me to the Impala and shoved me in the passenger seat. He was blind drunk and angry. Could barely get the key in the ignition but when I tried to get out, tried to talk him down, he slammed my head into the dash. By the time I figured out what was happening, we were driving on some middle of nowhere street.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” Dean huffs a little annoyed.
Yes, it was hard. At times all he wanted to do was scream at Castiel to just leave him the hell alone! But, Dean had been alone before. He had pushed everyone and everything away, including his own health and well-being, and it had almost killed him. He didn’t want to walk down that darkened road again, and he didn’t have the strength to turn around again and reach begging into the light for help. He knew what it was now to walk the road together, sometimes carried when his will gave out, sometimes led, but never alone, never again.
“I pretended for a while that nothing had happened. I was totally numb to it. Like it had happened to someone else. I went to work, ate a little but never enough, drunk myself to sleep every night. I tried to forget. But it rotted inside me, the knowledge. It was like I could hear his whispering to me all the time. Telling me how worthless I was, how I was only a hole to be filled by alpha cock. The thoughts got into me so bad, sometimes I couldn't breathe.
Dean nods,
Dean had told him to ring Sam before but he had wanted to do this together, carefully, gently and at his pace, but now he was out of time. He needed to at least get the timeline sorted out, the facts right. Sam could do that much for Dean. But Dean would still have to do the rest.
The pelvic floor exercises Castiel included twice daily in Dean’s physical training also helped stretch, work and relax his internal muscles. Plus, the lack of pain and increased pleasure Dean felt being entered made it absolutely worthwhile.
Cas eased himself down beside him, gently running a soothing hand up his spine, pushing him back down to the mattress when he attempted to raise himself.
“Fucking Gabe. Tells you everything.” Dean bit out, a little betrayed.
Dean’s blood sugar levels were dangerously low.
“Shall we aim to be home by seven, barring emergencies of course?” it wouldn't be the first time Cas had been forced to stay late in the hospital or rush off there in the middle of the night. Omegas were much rarer than either Betas or Alphas, so, while it was less common for Castiel to be needed at a moment’s notice, occasionally it did occur that a specialist was necessary.
“Cas...I”
Dean led the way, settling better this time into the familiar process of the feeding. Castiel didn’t even have to prompt him as he prepared the bag and connected up the tubing. Dean had other things on his mind, he wanted to show Castiel the new sketches he’s drawn and the final mockups of the fountain’s base.
“I know,” Dean sounded almost ashamed.
Castiel smiled back, “Nice to meet you, Charlie. Please call me Castiel, or Cas”
“No, he...he was a mess. Worse than usual. I don’t think I saw him sober the whole time, he… he was just so angry you know.”
“Shh, Sweetheart this isn’t a punishment. You know it’s not.” He pulled Dean in close to his chest, rubbing his back with his free hand comfortingly. “We talked about this. When you drop 5% below your ideal weight the tube goes back in. It’s to help you.”
“Well,” he seems at a loss for a moment “Thank you,” he sounds almost proud, like he’s earned something precious, maybe a little in awe.
"I'm sure there are a few more. I'll write you a list as I think of them."
Castiel chose not to go down that road yet, it would be a conversation for a later time and probably with John instead of Sam. Instead, he chose to move on, focus back on what he could do now.
“Yes,” John said, “I’ve been told.”
“Settle.” Cas orders, “We need to get you clean first.”
“uhh” Dean moans annoyed at having to shift but does as told.
Before long Castiel had settled his hands in the dip of Deans lower back and begun working the muscles there with expert precision. Dean couldn't hold back a moan of absolute pleasure, the burning ache he’d developed throughout the day slipping away under Castiel’s more than capable hands.
“You think I don’t know that? It’s just...” he pauses, like he doesn’t want to admit it, to himself or Sam, it’s unclear, “It’s just that sometimes it’s easier, you know, feels good to hand over the reins.”
“Yeah, well I couldn’t keep up and it was worse than before. Everything came back. He could see I was different. He hated me even more. It was like he just came back to torment me.” He said the last with a brokenness Cas had never heard, an acceptance that almost shattered Cas’s resolve. That bastard of a father didn’t know what he had.
“But you couldn’t”
“Was he angry?”
“You ready to head home?” Gabe asked, the tension obvious around Cas’s eyes. It was clear this was as hard on him as it was on Dean.
Dean laughed, he probably looked like a sweaty mess, but he appreciated the pun even if he pretended to miss it, “Shut it Gabe. You try drilling through 70 pieces of sheet metal and see how you feel afterwards”
Thankfully it worked, Dean's movements stilling completely into lax and plaint sleep.
Dean winces and almost silently whispers, “I know.”
When he was done Castiel led him over to the bench and deactivated the dilators. They slip out easily and he put them away to sanitise later. The relief Dean felt was palpable. Castiel could imagine that two enlarged dilators pressing against a full bladder can't have been comfortable.
“Shh, just relax sweetheart. I’m just going to give you a massage.”
and again, and again, and again…
Castiel was quite familiar with the CRP Technique, he’d often used it himself with dysregulated or overstimulated submissives. The Compression-Restraint-Pressure Technique was designed to calm a submissive’s overactive amygdala and hypothalamus by reengaging their parasympathetic nervous system. It used a combination of deep pressure massage, joint compressions, targeted pressure restraints and whole-body pressure stimulation using equipment such as weighted blankets, compression vests or like they’d used, a CRP frame.
Gabe came at 11am as promised and Dean couldn’t help feeling his heart start to speed up. He could do this he told himself, it’s not like it’s the first time Gabe has examined him, hell, he does it almost every time he visited. It’s just for a little bit longer, he scolded himself.
Dean snorts, but it's a sad lonely sound, “If that was all it was, I'd….God Cas! You don't know the shit I've done.”
After Nick’s body had been taken away and the therapists, terrified he’d relapse also, brought in the only Pure Submissive within an hour’s drive of the facility to scene with him. Under their supervision, he’d brought her down carefully. Using every skill, he had learned, every technique he could remember to send her down into the deepest, most complete submissive headspace he could achieve. He worshipped her body and sent her mind flying. By giving her everything he had, he got a small gift of serenity in return. Afterwards, when she kissed him gently on the cheek, she’d thanked him for the best scene of her life.
But, then something is placed over him, soothing away the cold and the pain, a warmed blanket he realizes. Cas kept them in a special cupboard for moments like this.
“This has to go too ok?” He asks, gesturing to the pillow under Dean’s head. He nods and allows Cas to slide it away. He lets his head fall back against the mattress, no longer able to watch what Cas is doing, trusting him.
Over the years, Gabriel had carefully and delicately cultivated an impeccable reputation for Caladh House (and it’s members) within The Harbour. Most people now considered the Head of Caladh House, Lord John Winchester, a stable and dedicated leader. He was seen as an ethical and sensible father figure to his House, who had demonstrated resilience and dedication to Tradition throughout his life. Caladh House itself, including Gabriel and the rest of the leadership, were also perceived favourably, their businesses flourishing, and power growing under its virtuous reputation. They now held seven seats on the Council, more than any other House, but for control of the Council it needed three more.
“Thank god! I really need to pee and I knew you’d want me to wait. But I’d almost given up!”
Gabe is silent for a moment considering, but Dean’s resolve must have shone through because all of a sudden Gabe was smiling again.  Reaching out to ruffle Dean’s already messy hair.
“Yeah, you probably don’t want the reminder. Sorry! I just, I just wanted you to know I’m glad you’re doing good, not doing that to yourself anymore.” he does sound sincere, not that it helps much. “What went down with you convinced me not to go back, It wasn't right... it was….yeah” he realizes he should really stop talking now. Clumsily halting but obviously wanting to say more, unsure what to do now, but not wanting to leave it be.
But already he can feel his limbs loosening, his breath coming in slower and more relaxed, even as his mind desperately battles to stay lucid.
“Yes, My Lord.”
Cas shifts him so that Dean’s back is completely resting against his chest and his head heavy against his shoulder. He can tell that Dean wants to move, to thrust but he’s being so good, letting Cas maneuver him, letting his Alpha take control.
The rest of the weekend had gone so wonderfully smoothly that Dean felt like he should have expected it all to come crashing down come Monday. He just didn’t expect it to crush him quite so completely.
“Well, it should help. It shouldn’t hurt, if it even stings I want you to tell me. I’ll be utilising it more and more as we explore your denial and submission needs so I need to know that it’s working properly.” Dean grunts his agreement, looking forward to having Cas in his ass again, even if it’s just his fingers.
“Thank you,” Sam pushed the thick binder across the desk to him, “I know you probably won’t have time to read all this, but you might as well keep it. Some of it might be useful to you.”
“I’ll be massaging your prostate for a few minutes to stimulate a release. You won’t orgasm and you won’t get hard, though it should feel fairly nice, if a little intense. You might feel like you need to go, you don’t. The best thing to do is just relax, let it happen.”
“I know that was a bad one. Thank you for coming back to me.” He offers Dean an encouraging smile. It’s returned, albeit weekly.
Dean can’t respond, not yet but nods, tucking his face into Jess’s neck, hiding himself from the emotional onslaught.
But Cas wants more than enough. He wants to give Dean everything, all that they’ve been working towards for months.
Luckily, Sam and Cas knew him well enough to wait, Cas giving him time to process by pulling Sam into a hug, “Congratulations Sam. We’re both thrilled for you.”
“Oh good! I spoke with Benny before coming over and he said he should be available for the next hour or two if you’d like to talk.”
But then his head is forced up and he comes eye to eye with a very worried looking Castiel. His voice however doesn’t waver when he speaks.
“Sure. Same room I’m guessing?”
He’d wanted that for Sam as long as he could remember, feared neither of them would ever find it. He’d always hoped to see him with kids underfoot, a good job and a lovely woman like Jess. He couldn’t help the choked gasp and tremor that started in his hands, he opened his mouth to speak but nothing came out. His emotions running too high.
Mostly, it was hard for Castiel not to feel outraged on Dean’s behalf. He was disturbed by the sheer inadequacy of his upbringing and the trauma he must have experienced. A pure submissive child, abandoned time and time again, building a desperate sense of self amid constant rejection and likely abuse. That the very people who should have cared for him, failed to notice that he wasn’t behaving like everyone else, failed to care that he couldn’t interact with the world like everyone else did, failed to protect a child from an illness that he had no capacity to manage on his own, it was heartbreaking and utterly unacceptable.
Cas lunged forward, driving himself deep into Dean while at the same time locking his hands on either side of his head. His thumbs slipping into each side of Dean’s mouth as it fell open to gasp at the sudden forceful thrust. He recovered quickly though, bucking up and trying to shake off the hands holding his mouth open, but Gabe was too quick, holding the already open tube over his open mouth and squeezing the contents inside.
Cas fights back the urge to wake Dean up and check him over, check for damage he knew wasn’t there to be seen. He also knew of the test results, the originals were right there in his file. But he can’t get the image out of his head of teenage Dean panicking and frightened over something he has no control over. Fearful and ashamed when he should have been reassured, protected.
“Please!” Dean begs again, knowing he’s repeating himself but like always words defeat him, the need shattering his mind just enough. And though the thing between his legs keeps him down, he wants Cas just as badly as ever, it’s just a different want, a less physical and more instinctual one.
“Yeah, got tanked each night and slept through the day while I worked… He’d wake as I got home and crack open new bottle. Make me share it with him as he...he talked, told me how worthless I was, how useless life was anymore.” Then his voice changes, turning to Cas to explain, the guilt evident, “I swear I didn’t want to drink, I know I’m not allowed to without supervision,” Cas nods, an old rule between them, borne from experience “and the meds they had me on then anyway, it made me just feel sick, want to vomit.”
And finally, finally Dean is allowed up and back on the table. He doesn’t even complain about the stirrups once. Because soon enough it’s Cas’s fingers working him open, Cas taking away all the other doctors hands, replacing them with his own. And though it’s not arousing like it normally would be, not with Sam watching every small detail closely, it’s comforting, known.
Dean took a steadying breath and started. He clenched, held, counted and released, eight times. Not strenuous but it took long enough for him to grow seriously uncomfortable with Gabe’s hand.
’ of the Head of Caladh House publicly returned (under extremely mysterious circumstances), it was inevitable that people would talk and gossip. Knowing this, Gabriel had prudently recounted a sympathetic and heavily romanticised version of Dean’s story to a couple of known gossips. Delighted by the tale, talk and gossip they did, endlessly.
“Dean?” he asks hesitantly, seeing that he's roused “I know it'll hurt, but we’re going to have to talk about this eventually. I need to know what happened so I can keep you safe.”
“Fine. Just please, don’t strap me in tonight. I need to be able to get up if they need anything.”
“My brother, Dean. He’s a Pure Submissive with Dynamic Deficiency Syndrome.” In that moment, Sam had sounded nothing like a lawyer, his voice fragile and desperate, he’d sounded scared.  “We’ve tried everything, but we can’t help him! Please, just treat him until he’s stable. That’s all we ask.” Sam had begged, “Just give us one year to save his life,”
Cas could imagine it, Dean finally, finally getting the help he needed. He’d grumble and put up a token resistance but the beautiful man who just wanted to please could finally come out, find release. Cas was sad he had missed that time, a time of awakening, of growth into the amazing man Cas knew. Of course, it had all come crumbling down once again. But for a moment there, there was hope and a chance he had never had.
“Breathe Dean,” he reminds, calm as ever while Dean goes to pieces on his examination table. The want is just too much, seven days and Cas hasn’t entered him once, hasn’t let him come once. The desires is like a drug coursing through his body, searing his skin with hot tendrils of want. God, he thinks to himself, if it’s this bad now, what is it going to be like in a few days.
Three days to pack up everything he owned, to say his goodbyes and leave his life behind.
“You have every right to be angry,” Gabriel replied in as soothing a tone as he could get away with, “You’re scared, I get that, but everyone is doing their best in a terrible situation, and your anger isn’t helping.”
“I know it's hard sweetheart. But we’re going to practice because we can't let the past ruin this for you.”
“Last ones. Ready?”
“No, come on Cas. I’ll do better. I don’t need this again.” Dean’s voice shook as he stared at the roll of tubing resting innocently in Castiel’s hand, the rest of the nasogastric feeding kit sitting on the table next to them.
He spun the wheel.
“Look at me.” Cas commands, “We’re doing this together. It wasn’t fair what happened, what he did to you. But you are strong enough. Stronger than you know. And the only thing I want you to ask yourself is this; Do you want to do this? Do you want me to know? If you do then we will get through this, that’s all that matters. ” He has both their hands clasped now, their knees touching.
“I can certainly make it a high priority.” Castiel shuddered to think what decades of dental neglect might have done to his teeth. That would definitely be extremely high on the list.
“A little,” Dean sounded hesitant, ashamed, “I tried.”
Dean huffs but doesn’t put up a protest. He’s well aware how worked up he gets over Sam’s visits.
“Yeah, we’ll try not to use it too much.”
“Yes,” John was aggravated at the reminde
Dean dreams. He remembers.
“A kid like Dean testing out as both Omega and a High Needs Submissive must have raised a few eyebrows and to have him come and go from so many different schools it would have been unusual enough for them to take notice. But, they would have been powerless till each school filed a complaint and by then you were long gone. Then he aged out of school and the reporting stopped.” Castiel explains, noting the almost two dozen reports filed with them over the years.
“I can…” Dean finally managed to pull together the strength to interject, “I can still walk!”
Castiel for his part wasn’t hiding his own lunch but he didn’t make a big deal out of it either. Eating his fill and throwing away the packaging within the first few minutes of their time together. He knew this was hard for Dean and while part of the process was about building more enthusiasm towards eating, he’s not going to make Dean suffer needlessly.
“We need to talk about Dean.” Castiel didn’t want to have this conversation over the phone, hell he didn’t want to have this conversation at all, but it was for Dean so he persisted.
This chapter sucked to write and took me way too long because I avoided it. I set this pain up and then didn't want to write it. Well it's done now, and Cas as usual comes through for him as best he can.  On to brighter things and well, more angst :P oh and porn! Dean gets an orgasm soon, only took forever, poor guy! I'm sorry!
“Sure. Just give me a minute ok. I think my heart might be trying to beat out of my chest.” and he wasn’t kidding, his breath was labored and he looked a little off.
“Awesome!” Charlie was practically vibrating with excitement. With his agreement, her whole demeanour had changed, like he’d passed some sort of unspoken test, but he could tell she had something more on her mind,  “When I heard they were hiring a progressive to help Dean, I was thrilled. The thing is, this place never hires outsiders when we have qualified people available, not for in-house roles anyway, let alone a Progressive! They must have realised that they needed someone with more experience, with something different to try. Everyone just adores Dean. He's funny and clever, and such a sweetheart! He’s nice to everyone, although he’s actually kinda shy, but he tried so hard to fit in. I feel so awful now that he's so sick. Everything they try is just making him sicker and sadder. Everyone's really scared for him. I just hope maybe you can help him, turn things around?”
Cas leaves for a moment, rummaging around in a storage cupboard at the back of the room. Dean tries to see what he’s doing but the forehead strap holds him in place securely. All he can hear is boxes being opened and searched through.
“Do I have to?”
Dean pulled on the sweatpants Castiel offered him, there was no point getting properly dressed, he’d just need to take it all off again in a little while. Might as well be comfortable, not gonna be dressed for very long anyway.
The ice pack was placed down gently between Dean’s legs but still hit him like a strike to the nuts. He involuntarily clenched up and then down, trying desperately to escape it, but Cas followed him through it, keeping one hand holding the pack down and the other gentle on his forehead, all the while talking to him soothingly, talking him through the agonising sensitivity.
“Dean,” Castiel warned, a firm reminder.
Next is the thighs, he normally doesn’t bother with these anymore but Dean needs it this time.
“Four weeks after he died, I walked into an Alpha Club and told them to give me Verindox.”
Charlie caught him looking around in amazement, “Yeah,” she smiled proudly, “we take care of our own in Caladh House. Dean’s rooms are that way. But the team offices are over here,” She said pointing down a short corridor with another set of double doors at the end.
“Okay,” he’s helped up, with Charlie on one side and Cas on the other, he’d plain forgotten she was even there in the panic. But right now he half walks, half hangs off them as they guide him to the car, gently easing him into the passenger seat.
His hand is slick with the scented oil they’d added to the water and readily slips along the shaft, keeping his hand just this side of too tight, too slow. And he can feel Dean holding himself still, feet braced against the bottom of the tub, the muscles of his thighs practically vibrating with tension. But he doesn’t move, fights back to urge to push up against the palm now working over the head of his cock.
Unlike Castiel he always allows Dean to touch himself when he goes but was also carefully watching the colour and the amount of liquid expelled. Dean didn’t bother to button up his fly, waiting for Gabe who’s pulled out his tablet and is making a couple of notes for Castiel.
Gabe left them to the last bit of peace they would have for a while, the calm before the storm, to carry his and Cas’s equipment bags into the Heat room. He’d already set his own belongings up in the his bedroom (the spare that he habitually used when he was needed to stay over) so he only had these last few things to bring into the house.
“Noy yet. We’re only 25 hours in,” no point in sugarcoating it.
“Nil by mouth,” Castiel reminded gently as Dean continued to stare at the mug. He kissed his grumpy lover on the forehead, knowing he just needed time to adjust.
Gabriel laughed, “It was either her or Ash. You know how inflexible the rest of your people can be! They would waste his time teaching him High Protocol cutlery etiquette or some other bullshit. He needs to focus on Dean, everything else can go to hell.”
“...that’s it. Good. Just a little longer. You’re doing so well…” Dean could feel the wetness on his cheeks and dampening on the pillow where the tears had pooled.
“As I’ll ever be.” Dean shrugged, eyeing it unhappily.
Cas slid the lights up to half brightness, his face a little less wrecked now that he’d managed a few hours sleep, but still very tired. And completely lucid. Not a trace of his earlier Rut induced need in his eyes. He was well and truly finished and he knew it.
His hand is greeted with equal pleasure from Cas. So often he’d wished they’d had more opportunities to develop their friendship further. He knew that if Sam lived closer or was able to visit more frequently then there was every chance they could become good friends. They already shared a deep respect for eachother built slowly over the years. Sadly though, most of the times Sam had been with them was by necessity, when Dean needed him most, either during heats or when he wasn’t doing so well physically or emotionally.
“What else does he like to do?”
Sam too grabbed a couple of slices each for him and Jess and carried them over to the table. Dean sets out juice and coffee for them all before sitting himself down in his usual spot to wait for Cas to set up his bag. He tries not to be embarrassed, this is far from the first time either Sam or Jess has seen the process, but he still couldn’t meet either of their curious gazes.
“Feel like you need some more lube? Cas noted you were dry this morning.” He was looking down at his tablet at the notes Cas had provided.
“Out with it.”
Because sitting here and waiting to be opened up, he can't help thinking back to those early examinations, dozens of cold uncomfortable hours spent on his back while the doctors tried to figure out what was going on with him internally. So many test, so many samples. And though they tried to be kind, be quick and gentle, Sam's hands, one on his shoulder and the other smoothing back his hair, was the only thing that kept him from fighting off those who were only trying to help. Well that, and the straps that held him tight.
He starts at the bottom, levering up the base section of the examination table and locking it into place before unstrapping Dean's legs and laying them flat on the table. He carefully pulls the blanket over them, knowing how Dean appreciates it before continuing up the undo thigh, hips, chest and forehead. He ends with the arm and wrist restraints, pulling Dean’s hand up for a light kiss on the knuckles before tucking it back under the blankets.
“It’s just…”
The ice pack was finally removed and Dean had to stifle the urge to peer down at himself, shriveled up and pathetic between his legs. Instead he looked up at Castiel, who meet his eyes lovingly, the pride and what could almost be amazement shimmering in his eyes.
He would need to have a long conversation with Dean about each of the treatments that had been tried, which he felt were helpful and which he considered punitive. Castiel was starting to suspect that he may have a significant number of treatments to cross off his list.
“So far so good.” Cas answered with a brittle grin, “Rut hasn’t kicked in yet, thankfully. Mine was never very strong anyway.”
Benny thinks for a minute, “He really likes Classic Rock, and before all this he loved junk food and working on cars. He’s one hell of a mechanic. He used to really like to cook, but he can’t do much of that anymore, since it’s not safe. He reads a bit, mostly pulp fiction and trashy romances, now that his ability to focus is shot, but he tries…” his voice loses its humor, “he tries to keep doing the things he still can. Can’t say he’s been able to do much of anything for a while now. He spends most of his time drugged up, restrained or asleep.” Benny’s voice has a defeated, brittle tone.
“Soon.” He promised, consciousness slipping away again to the feel of Cas’s strong arms around him, keeping the world away for a little while longer.
At one of his gallery showings, before it all went to hell, he’d watched a man in a tan coat fight rough and drenching weather to see his art. It was one of the only times the gallery had been nearly empty and Dean had been so thankful for the quiet reprieve from the normally hectic nights. He watched as the man stood long minutes in front of each piece and with such a complex expression on his face that Dean had lost the courage to speak to him, as much as he had yearned to.
“Eight hours since initial symptoms. He was slightly feverish at 100.4F, taken ten minutes ago, but that is to be expected. At 6:30pm he managed two cans of nutritional supplement and has since had one glass of water, 300mls. He continues to pass all cognitive test questions and therefore initiation of the intervention phase may be delayed upon reassessment in an hour.”
“So you left?”
Dean rolled his eyes at him. Of course it’s for him, but it’s for himself too. He wanted to learn to trust, it’s just really hard.
He pulls out one of the novels he'd packed, knowing he wouldn't make much progress with it but figuring it'd at least give him something to think about other than what's going on in the other room.
“We knew this might happen eventually. Don’t worry, he’s strong. But, he might need a few days.”
Dean starts his exercises, feeling the familiar pressure of fingers testing the muscles, measuring his internal strength. And for a moment he feels brave, brave enough to lift his hand and tell Gabe to stop.
He pulled out his laptop and opened up the Wikipedia pages about The Harbour Society and Caladh House. He figured, if he couldn’t sleep, he might as well do some research. As it loaded, he thought over what he knew about The Harbour Society, which honestly wasn’t much.
“Friday night, after work. We’ll pick up something for dinner on the way so don’t worry about feeding us.”
Cas nodded used to having Dean struggle with himself at times.
Sam picked up his phone and had a short conversation with someone on the other end. Barely a minute later, there was a knock at the door and fiery-haired woman entered.
It’s the reason why sometimes doctors could do everything right and still lose their patient. A simple, obvious truth that everyone chooses to ignore. Even though it’s written in all the textbooks and taught in every Dynamic class, but that doesn’t seem to make any difference. Castiel wishes they tattooed it on every Dominant’s forehead, wrote it under every street sign, plastered it across every TV station until they accepted it!
He feigns sleep for a while, leaving limbs touching, breathing synchronously, hearts beating against each other's chests. Reassuring and quiet in the calm morning.
He wakes to Castiel pulling him out of his trousers and easing him into the bed.
And it’s everything and enough all at once.
Gabe ran into the room, skidding over to the edge of the bed.
Cas pins him down, holds him tight, past experience has taught him to hold on, hold him and don’t let him go. Otherwise Dean just breaks faster, breaks further, curls in on himself and lets the pain take him over. Loses himself. The suffering all consuming.
Gabe nods and writes some notes in his tablet, "Sixteen seconds duration, not too bad. Ideally he should be able to achieve 25 to 30."
“I didn’t want to deal. I got the morgue to send his body off to some place for cremation. I didn’t even pick up the car. Just let it get towed off and impounded.” He sounds upset about that, Cas knew he loved that car, but the rest is spoken emotionlessly, an empty story.
The Interlude (Dean goes through a difficult heat) has been moved to make this story make better sense... you can find the link below ;)
Sam steps back and takes a good look at his brother. His eyes linger on the tube for a moment too long, causing Dean to drop his head slightly in embarrassment but he doesn’t comment. Instead he turns to Cas and holds out his hand in greeting.
“I can imagine.”
“Are you ok?” Gabe’s voice sounds shaky, miserable.
Dean's struggling in Castiel’s arms. Obviously still asleep by the uncoordinated way he moved but he was fighting the straps none the less. Lost in a dream.
Gabe entered the room again but this time didn’t raise the lights. Dean was straddling Cas, busy licking his way down Cas’s torso and encouraged by Cas to take his time.
Castiel nodded, he’d finally had a chance to read over Dean’s recent medical records. He’d have to read the older ones later, when he had the time. There had been copies waiting for him in his room, and overall, he had been quite impressed with Dean’s care team. Their records we comprehensive and informative, detailing a long list of attempted and abandoned treatments, changes in medication regimes, test undertaken and so much more.  He still he also had a long list of questions, but he knew that Sam wouldn’t been able to answer the medical ones.
“From what I’ve heard, Dad and Dean’s mother Mary, had him when they were both teenagers. Dad won’t talk about it, and no one else will tell me what happened, but I know that when she ran away, she took Dean with her. Dad got a letter from her when Dean was about a year old.”
Cas and Gabe helped Dean climb up and lower himself onto the device so that his legs were straddling both it and the bench below. Although not technically necessary, as Dean was producing an abundance of his own slick, Cas still carefully slipped his fingers between Dean's legs and slicked him up. Careful to make sure all the surfaces that connected with the device were well and truly coated. It fit tightly between Dean's legs, forcing him to spread them even further before he could fully seat himself down onto its snug frame.
Dean ignored him as he approached, too engrossed in his task to notice as Gabe slipped in behind him. He needed to be quick as the mask needed to be locked tight over his face before any of the pheromones could be released. There was a very real risk of Cas having an aggressive response to the rival scent if any of it escaped before the mask could be secured properly.
But, before he starts he recites his promise to Dean and the very first thing he ever said to him, reminding him of it once again, “I want you to remember this promise. You are safe. You are mine and I will take care of you. You can stop fighting now.” It’s like a mantra, one Dean has heard Cas say thousands of times. He’d first said it in the OSP clinic on that first day, as Dean lay on the gurney, strapped down and ready for transport to Cas’s home. He’d leant over and checked the IV, before placing his warm palms on either side of Dean’s face and forcing him to look up at him and hear those words. Dean had been woozy, drugged and sore at the time but heard them clearly enough. Heard the promise in them. The finality of them.
Dean nods against Cas’s neck hiding a little.
Instead he curls himself against Castiel, pulling inward towards him, drawing in like he’s trying to enter him bodily, hide inside him.
Cas takes each of Dean's wrists and cuffs them to his own thighs. He then pulls Dean against his chest, hugging him tightly to himself.
So they sit together for a while, kissing gently but thoroughly, letting their wills rebuild some of the resolve they need to finish this conversation.
“Um…” Dean is confused, is he meant know this man?
Benny also said to tell you that the medication should have worn off by now, but that they’ll be keeping him in a low sensory environment and on a CRP frame for another couple of hours as per his current de-escalation plan guidelines. He would be happy to discuss all this with you in more detail.”
“I have to. If I don’t now. I won’t ever.”
“I really don’t want to be the one to give you a shot, can you swallow?” she’s talking to Dean and holding two valium pills in her hand as well as his water bottle, he must have faded for a moment because he missed her getting those out. She still has the phone wedged between her shoulder and ear, but Cas must say something because then she’s holding it out, pushing it against Dean’s ear and he can hear Cas’s voice.
Benny just smiled fondly, “I also want to thank you for taking this job and agreeing to move here. I know it was a lot to ask of you at incredibly short notice. ”
That reminded him, he hadn’t done a Blood Hormone Level (BHL) test since yesterday and he needed to do the test at least twice a day.  He tried not to scold himself too harshly, as he wasn’t usually so forgetful, but with everything going on, it just had slipped his mind.
“Yeah, I know.” He pulled his hands away, resisting the urge to tug on the tube experimentally. He’d done that once before and then been forced to feed it back in himself before Cas saw what he had done. Not an experience he wanted to repeat.
He retrieved two of the cans from the fridge and poured the first into a glass before handing it over. Cas guided Dean over to the sofa and pulled him down, bodies close. He took the glass from Dean’s shaking hand and held it up to his mouth for him, tipping it gently but insistently against his lips.
“Let’s try two weeks and see how we go from there,” Castiel smiled down at him, kissing him on the forehead as he eased the blanket up to chest height. He loved the times when he controlled this aspect of Dean’s life, although unfeasible for long term use, he did cherish the ability to directly nourish and care for his complex omega. Thankfully, simply the periodic reminder a couple of weeks on the tube was usually enough to have Dean eat more regularly.
“Have I shown you this hilarious cat video Chuck sent me?”
Cas drags the chair over to the table and digs out the full set of restraints. He doesn’t give Dean a choice about using it but he does ask “How many do you want?” Gesturing to the small pile of leather sitting on the table.
“I’m aware of that.” John kept his voice carefully emotionless.
“How did Dean feel about all this?”
“Okay, take a sip of water now,” he said releasing Dean’s neck and lifting the cup up to his lips, the water helped the tube slide down into the right position, with only a small amount more gagging as it went. He reached across and checked the length inserted.
“I’ll tell the Dean that he’s sick. He won’t mind, Dean is his favourite employee.”
“He said he’d love to see you. When were you planning on driving down?”
That night as Cas was putting him to bed Dean reached out to touch his face, fitting his fingers along his stern jawline, he gathered his courage and said “Thank you,”
He flicks the television in the main house over to the cctv channel but tries not to focus too much on it, instead lets it stay in the corner of his eye while he prepares himself and Cas something to eat. It'll be a few hours till Cas is ready for it so he places his plate in the fridge.
And he does, releasing his control, giving in to it.
“I should just check if they need anything.”
Cas and Dean were still curled up on the sofa when Gabe returned. Dean had leant back slightly against Cas, his arms relaxed at his sides and one of Cas’s hand rested high up on his chest, his eyes were shut and he was breathed steadily, too controlled to be anything but forced. He was obviously working his way through one of the breathing exercises Cas had taught him.
“Might as well try and get a couple of hours sleep. I doubt we’ll manage much but it might be helpful to at least lay down. You should nap too. Sam always tried to fit in as many hours as he could early on,”
Contains references to traumatic events.
Covering the majority of the floor space and under most of the furniture were huge, padded foam mats. Cas grimaced, the only reason to install mats like that was if they were needing to wrestle someone down to the ground, repeatedly.
. I could have stopped it.”
For her part she returned the hug enthusiastically and seemed honesty happy to see him.
He could hear Gabe doing something behind him, the sound of plastic being adjusted. Then Cas reached back and took something from him, the fucking mask. Gabe came to stand by his shoulder, both hands resting on either side of his head, holding it still.
Dean closes his eyes and breathes raggedly, words refusing him.
“Everyday you amaze me how strong you are.” Cas says, pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips, trying desperately to communicate, “Everyday I get to come home to the kindest and finest man I know, despite you father, despite everything.”
“Needy,” Dean replies a bit nervously, but huffs out a bitter laugh, “but not too bad. Aphraxil sucks balls.”
"That's my brilliant, strong Omega. Just relax and let us take care of you,"
Cas cups his jaw and leans in for another gentle reminder for his lover, lips pressed chastely against lips.
“Benny picked up on it first. He’s got his own traumatic background and he wasn’t raised in The Society either, so he saw through the deflective humour and false confidence a bit quicker than the rest of us. Benny’s been Dean’s carer right from the start, so he got to spend a lot of time getting to know him.
Cas nods.
“Yeah, yeah. I remember,” Dean dismissed the concern lightly, crunching down on an ice cube just to spite him. Cas choose to deliberately ignore it.
Unfortunately, Castiel knew exactly how it was dropped. Whenever a ‘High’ or ‘Pure’ submissive is discovered within the foster system, it triggers a set of special protections and requirements aimed at protecting them. It’s an additional burden on an already over-stretched system, so mostly Case Workers just don’t order the tests. Deliberate and wilful blindness. He doesn’t mention this to Sam though, not wanting to add additional burdens to his already frayed emotions.
Instead, he pulls out the earliest file he has on Dean, the one the OSP gave him when he first agreed to the contact. It has what little was known about Dean’s past, which Castiel has practically memorised by now. He’s added to it over time, what little Dean had been able to share and from his own observations but much of it is still blank, still barely filling in the gaps of a history drenched in pain.
The minute he is released Dean lunges towards Cas, but Gabe is quicker, manhandling his wrists up and fastening the cuffs to the ceiling-mounted cables fitted for just this purpose.
Dean couldn’t help a slight moan as Castiel slipped his lightly lubricated fingers inside him. Castiel hadn’t entered Dean nor allowed him any release for several days and Dean was obviously missing it. Rarely did Castiel deny him this long but he firmly believed that it was in Dean's best interests to be denied at times, for him to understand his needs and be pushed to accept Castiels control over this aspect of his life now. It was hard for him, Castiel knew that, he was such a sexual being, but thankfully in this at least Dean understood that Cas was helping his body and mind find a more healthy path to submission, through acceptance. He wouldn’t beg, not yet at least.
“You’ll stay with me?” Dean replies instead, calmed enough by the process to find his voice again finally.
he tried to communicate even when words didn’t come because he truly was. For the first time  that he can remember he is okay, with Cas he has the Alpha/Omega bond between them but this time, all he has is trust. Trust that Gabe is going to be professional, isn’t going to take this any further than Dean wants it to go, that right now Dean is the one in control.
As long as they’re unbonded, a submissive can reject their Dominant.
As they strode through the swinging double doors to the ‘clinic’ Castiel realises that this was much more like a hospital than any general practice he had visited. It had a series of corridors leading off in several directions and he could see ward rooms with several beds in each, nurses stations, examination rooms, signs for X-ray, MRI and dental facilities and if he wasn’t mistaken, even a surgical suite.
“You ready to go home?”
“The thing?” he asks, a little dazed, the want making him breathless.
“No problem,” Dean smiles as he plates up the banana bread for Cas, his favourite.
“Why didn’t you tell me before how hard this was for you? Why did you hide it?” the hurt and betrayal evident in his voice.
“Is everything alright?”
“How do I…?” he tried to ask, but she’d already walked out, “I guess I’ll just have to figure this thing out…” he peered down at the device doubtfully. He hated learning new technology.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the time Castiel didn’t understand why, but soon it became all too clear.
“It’s no problem. Just don’t do that again unless you really mean it ok. I felt like the worst person in history there for a moment.”
“No! No, I like him. He’s just… not you.”
The problem was that Dean’s heats were excruciating. Both their duration and their intensity were far, far above the normal range and while they were thankfully regular, Cas was simply unable to do it alone.
“And Dean? How was he?”  Cas was almost afraid to ask, knowing the importance of creating a routine and firm guidelines in stabilizing him.
“They tried. We moved. Way to often for them to catch up with us. And Dean, he was so good at hiding it. He’d swagger in, all cool as you like to every school and pull off the perfect Beta. You’d never know, hell even I forgot sometimes, he’d hide it from me too, best he could anyway.
Sam is quiet for a long time, mulling over what to say, his loyalty to Dean’s private nature battling with his need to help his brother.
He stutters a little but manages to congratulate them both. Even engage them in a sort of stilted conversation about their plans for the ceremony. Sam and Jess patient and considerate of his clumsy but heartfelt attempt.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s ok, " Castiel comforts, petting him tenderly “we’re almost done for the day, just one more thing then we’re done, I promise.”
He pulls out his phone, a new pad of paper and a pen, time to finally update the file properly he supposed. The conversation tomorrow is going to be bad enough without knowing all the history behind it.
They shower and get ready slowly, for now putting off the inevitable conversation. But it can't last and Castiel isn't about to have Dean obsess and fret over it all day till he breaks. It’s time.
For a couple of hours he focussed on his own job, drilling patterned holes in sheet metal ready for her to weld. Stopping only a couple of times to suck on some ice from the fridge in the back. It was hot work and hard going on the shoulders. He was leaning back stretching his spine out from the hunched over position when Gabriel walked in carrying a cooler and whistling at him suggestively.
“Thank you for agreeing to help me.” Dean sounded shy but determined.
“Dean.”
I'd love to hear what you think! Comments give me life!
The speculum was cold as Cas eased it in, he’d purposely not warmed it, hoping the slight discomfort might be enough to distract him but instead it just seems to have drawn his focus further inward. He’ll have to change the plan, Cas realizes, give him some form of relief even if psychologically Dean wasn’t ready for the denial to end quite yet, he wasn’t yet where they both wanted to go.
He pulled on a shirt but left his feet bare. Cas had insisted he not wear scrubs for this as he wanted to keep it as informal as possible. He felt a little weird without shoes but was willing to go with it.
Most Omegas experience a healthy appetite while in Heat, happily snacking between knottings. Replenishing energy and replacing the extra calories burned, but Dean’s not like most Omegas. During his heat, even the simplest foods cause waves nausea and pain. He can't help but resist when he knows what's coming.
“At first he tried to go on like he had before, but without Dad telling him what to do all the time. The cracks really started to show. And on top of that I took away his meds, flushed them. Stupid! I know that now. So fucking dumb. I could have killed him! He went into shock when he couldn’t get any more. I came home one night to find him seizing on the floor of our apartment. I called an ambulance, so fucking scared I was about to loose my brother.
, Castiel reminded himself,
“You’ll have that. I promise,” he smiles and kisses the inside of Dean's thigh, thanking him for everything, for this gift he’s giving him.
“That’s the spirit!” Gabe’s voice all false cheer. He knews how much Dean disliked this process and Cas is super strict with him about it. Absolutely nothing except water was allowed to be swallow for the whole whole time the tube was in and even that was minimal.
Castiel stepped through and looked around. They were standing in what he presumed was meant to be the ‘living room’. It was an incongruous space, someone had obviously tried to make it feel homely, with warm coloured walls and lots of soft furnishings, but it was clearly clinical.
“You look better,”
“Thank you. I appreciate the support.” It was important to have the backing of the entire treatment team, they would need to work together if they had any hope of succeeding. Castiel would rather not have to make staffing changes, but he couldn’t afford to be fighting on two fronts. His focus needed to be on Dean alone, at least for the moment.
And it’s then that Dean finally realizes how much this had meant to Castiel too, to give him this. He looks at Dean desperate to see that he’d done the right thing, that his choice had been the right one. And Dean but can't help return the gaze with something akin to pride. No matter what, Cas seemed to know exactly what Dean needed, what he wanted more than anything else.
Dean nods, settling back in his previous position. Heart beating calmly, steadily.
“Not really. We mostly just wanted to catch up with you both. I mentioned I had some news. Well, now is a good a time as any,” Sam casts a look over to Jess who returns it with a smile, “We’ve decided it’s time to start thinking about the long term and we both want to have children soon. So, we’re going to get married.”
He dragged over the spare IV stand that rests in the corner of the office. Dean sat gingerly on the sofa, readying himself for the process.
“Yeah.” Sam sounds hopeful but fractured, lost in thought.
“I’m coming. I’ll be there in seven minutes. I want you to take the pills and focus on the breathing exercises we've practiced. Charlie will give you the injection if you need it,” he knows full well that Dean hates that medication. Sure, it prevents Omega Sensory Shock Syndrome, but medically induced submission isn't fun for anyone.
“That’s good.” Gabe encourages as he slips inside. It’s definitely not the first time Gabe had done this, he’d checked the dilators Dean wore and even slicked his fingers up and worked lubricant inside him. But this was the first time Dean truly let himself feel Gabe’s fingers, didn’t mentally take himself some place else for the short time it took for him to do it.
“How about a shake?”
Then he’d had him up on the table, efficiently working him open both passages at once, obviously trying to help Dean but getting through it quickly and efficiently. So much for that Dean thought wrily as he clenched his muscles again slightly, working himself as best he could against the metal instrument inside him.
Dean slept little, fitfully waking each time the slightest noise could be heard. Cas didn’t sleep well either, worry waring with frustration and easily overcoming his need for rest.
“Thanks Dean,” Sam leans over and pulls him into a hug that for all the world feels like it would never end.
Cas knew this was a possibility but had to use the device anyway, his own pheromones were simply not strong enough for Dean, no ones were. Especially during his heat.
Sam nods, “Yeah, that would be fine. It’s just all so… he’s had a hard life, you know?”
“Yes, and we’ve had some success with that as well. He has a restriction-pressure vest but doesn’t like to wear it much. He whines and complains for the first few minutes, but eventually he does settle down and then falls into a more relaxed state. It's really good for him, but it's hard to get him to agree to wear it.”
“Yes, I have several different designs in mind. Once I’ve met with Dean and talked it through with him, I’ll email you the details.”
But there is little Castiel can offer for that, little relief from a regret that he too feels intensely, that it had happened that way. The chance for a better start for Dean, for them both, hangs hauntingly between them. But he pushes back the regret, conscious of his responsibility and the chance that they have now, and slips his hand down to encircle the cage resting between Dean’s open thighs.
“We really just want you guys there and Jess’s immediate family.” Sam adds, “and we’re going to do it soon. Maybe in July.”
Gabe doesn’t touch him yet, he’s waiting for something, searching Dean’s face for some signal that he’s obviously not getting. He looks so sad all of a sudden.
Sam laughed, but it was bitter and short, “Oh, he definitely tried! He didn’t make it far that first night mind you. Barely made it out of the Mainhouse before Michael and the security team picked him up. But he played it off, said that he was out for a midnight stroll. We gave him the benefit of the doubt. By the third attempt, after he’d almost made it over the estate walls, we stopped believing his stories. By the fifth, they brought him back biting, kicking, and screaming. By the seventh attempt, after the cops in the next town over picked him up, we realised that this was deadly serious. Dean was utterly terrified of us and trying desperately to escape.”
“So they told me.” Sam sounds sad, like it’s his fault somehow, Cas could imagine the conversation he must have had with the OSP people and it couldn’t have been pretty. “I felt like such an asshole, not even thinking about what it would do to Dean going off his meds cold turkey. I was so sure that all he needed was to get away from Dad and everything would be fine, Dean could be a normal Omega finally. So fucking naive!”
Luckily no emergencies occurred that afternoon and after a satisfying consultation with the young Omega in which several strategies were discussed, Castiel was able to leave right on time.
He can feel the drugs starting to work finally, and the tightness starting to ease a little. He’s started to cry he realizes, can taste the salt. He can feel the slight breeze across the park and the sound of the leaves moving slightly above them in the trees.
"Gabriel will have to do the 11am feed again since I’ll be in surgery all morning, but, I’ll come by and check on you though in the afternoon. Say two?”
“Not much. Just that he knew him from before. That he probably shouldn’t have spoken to him though.”
“The sofa,”
Then he met Nick, a Pure Submissive, and the only other Pure designated patient Castiel had ever met. He was clever, funny, and incredibly kind. He liked terrible 80s hair metal bands and go-kart racing.
He slipped in the other side of the bed and curled his body around Dean. Checking his pulse and blood pressure on his phone before settling in to sleep, his ear resting over Dean’s heart where he could feel it beating steady and sure.
“Cas?” he gasps out, it’s barely a word, confused, timid.
“What happened to Dean after her death?”
Dean must have been desperately sick for them to approach a Progressive like him for help.
There is only one fundamental truth:
“Pretty soon after that they came in with a lawyer and explained what a Guardianship Contract was and how important it was that I sign it. I didn’t want to, but Sam begged. He said that he didn’t want to lose his brother. That he didn’t think he was enough and that I needed more help than he could give. He was so desperate, but I just felt numb. Like nothing of myself mattered anymore, just Sam. I didn’t want to see Sam so scared ever again.”
He decided that he might as well make use of the time and set about pulling together ingredients for a batch of muffins and some banana bread for breakfast.
“Canoutakhetueoteaypase?”
“That’s good sweetheart. Perfect. Now shut your eyes,” Gabe reached across the mattress for the blindfold and pulled it against Dean’s face, “that’s good. We’re going to get you all wrapped up and then you’re going to have a nice little nap.”
“Alright then, follow me.”
Dean sits up easily, his Heat still pushing back much of the exhaustion, but his eyes are still vacant. He looks lost. They guide him into the bathroom and help him over to the toilet to release his bladder. IV nutrition is convenient, but it does mean a lot of liquid flows through Dean’s body.
Cas can feel Dean shivering with the need he’s been denied, his body betraying exactly how hard this past week has been. Not once has Dean attempted to ease his discomfort, attempted to gain the self-pleasure that was once habitual for him but it’s been hard won and Cas wants to ease this for him as much as he can.
She led him down the corridor only two more doors and didn’t even bother knocking before swinging the door wide open and practically yelling towards the occupant inside.
“Nah, you know him. He doesn’t get angry. Just gets all disappointed and starts plotting ways to 'fix it'.”
“Thank you Sam.”
Castiel had agreed immediately, unwilling to let anyone else even be considered. There was always something about Dean that drew Castiel to him, even before the offer came in, Castiel knew Dean was someone that he wanted care for, to control and also to love. And athough guardianship was an unfortunately harsh way to begin, he was determined to help him, shower him with affection and carefully maintain every aspect of his health and wellbeing.
“Sam, it’s Castiel.”
He moans and shakes his head a little as the plastic mouthpiece eases out between his teeth. Cas strokes his hair gently, "I know, sweetheart," he pressed his mouth against Dean's lips, pushing his tongue in to deepen the kiss, helping him chase away the bitter taste of the artificial pheromones and replace them with his own.
“Then let’s do that.”
He never misses an opportunity to check on his brother, Cas thinks he finds it comforting to see for himself that Dean is healthy and strong. He’s long since got past any squeamishness when it comes to his brother.
“Thank you. Castiel is fine. It’s good to finally meet you in person,” Castiel took his hand and shook it firmly.
His whole body screamed to pull away, pull off this thing before... he knew what would happen next, and yet, when he heard the click of the settings changing, the device flipping over and that thing starting to expand, he was startled nonetheless, huffing out a choked off sob.
, he reminds himself,
So they sat, for a comfortable hour going over the different design elements and construction strategies while the meal slowly made it’s way into Dean’s stomach. Castiel for his part had a turkey on rye sandwich with an apple juice, nothing fancy but enough to make Dean’s mouth water already, not even a full day into the process. Dean couldn’t help but feel a stab of jealousy but tamped it down quickly, he wants this he reminded himself, he needs to train himself to remember to eat and if a couple of weeks of denial is what it takes to incentivise him to remember then so be it.
“Some man was talking to him. You should have seen him, it was like he saw a ghost. I’ve never seen him so pale.”
“You’re not….!”
"Ok, I'd like to meet him."
“Yes, I can assure you that we took that requirement into consideration when allocating your apartment. It’s one of three directly above the clinic. Normally, it’s made available to on-call doctors and staff members, but they were more than happy to use the other two for the instead. It has direct access to the clinical rooms via the staircase directly across the hall. Dean’s rooms are just off to the left of the clinic. It was decided early on that it would be best if he was accommodated close to medical supervision and treatment.”
Please comment! All feedback desired and respected :) please tell me what you think!!
“Back with me?”
Castiel dragged his fingers through the short strands of Dean’s hair, pleased that he was finally relaxing into the process. He had his eyes shut, not asleep but resting as the liquid slowly made it’s way down the tube and into his body. Castiel knew Dean had a hard time accepting his help with this, still fought giving up this aspect of autonomy over his own body, but Castiel was patient, willing to wait him out as he struggled with his own conflicting desires to submit and his fear of giving over too much.
“What?” Castiel felt like all the air in his lungs had suddenly been replaced with tar, thick and choking.
“Dean, it’s me. We’re going to do this just like we practiced. I’m going to walk over to the bed and I want you to come with me.”
“I’m sorry.” he sounded a little broken himself, denying Dean this was just as hard on him, “If we start now, your body won’t be able to handle it. We have to put it off as long as possible.”
There will be time in the future for that conversation, Cas reminds himself.
“Shh..” he soothes as his fingers find the lock, slipping the key in place and turning it immediately. Then he eases apart the plastic, careful not to catch or pinch the skin before dumping the whole thing on the floor by the bath.
“Dean. Wake up! Right now. Wake up!” he orders harshly, knowing it was one of the only ways to break this, break through to him.
“Dean,” Cas scolds gently, “sometimes you need this, you even want it. You have to know by now that I'd never deny what you need. Ever.”
“I can’t, I’m so sorry.” Cas’s voice was rough, hurting, “You’re too far gone. If I touch you now, I’ll go into rut too soon.”
He’s got a sheet out and is in the process of laying it across the sofa as Dean enters the room.
Dean laughs, bitter but affectionate towards the fury in Castiel's voice. It breaks the moment, releasing the tension. Cas knows, if he could go back in time John wouldn’t last long enough to hurt Dean this way, but the past is done. And now he has this beautiful man here with him, dragging himself through hell to share his pain, willingly laying open his soul. Bearing the wounds up and trusting Castiel not to carve them deeper. He can barely comprehend the courage it must take, an act braver than any he himself has ever committed.
“No one blamed Dad for killing the guy. He was just protecting his family. But with Mary gone and the blood practically still wet on his hands, he packed us up and fled. My earliest memories are sleeping in the car with Dean, curled up in the backseat as we moved from town to town, Dad getting what little work he could till the alcohol and his vicious nature cost him the job, over and over.
He can’t reply, but between gasps he clumsily pushed his satchel towards her hoping she’d get the picture. She does and while rummaging through it, his phone starts ringing, of course it's Castiel. He'd have been alerted the minute Dean's heartrate had skyrocketed and immediately called.
“Yeah, I guess I can see how that might happen,” Sam sounds uncertain, still finds it unusual to hear his own brother talking about getting looked after.
“Yeah, yeah I…” Dean murmurs, trying to follow the objects now once again out of his field of vision,
“Absolutely, let me just wash up and I’ll meet you in there.” He gets up and heads into the bathroom, calling out over his shoulder as he goes, “Don’t start without me.”
And he knew, really knew, right down to his bones that Cas was good for him, good to him, that he needed him in some essential, necessary way. Even if that scared him a little, at this point he couldn't imagine life without him.
Castiel reached behind his neck and picked up the end of the feeding tube, checking that it was clean and getting the port ready to connect it to the nighttime feeding machine.  He’d set it up earlier and readied the tube. All the was needed now was Dean to lay back and relax while he attached everything. It would take around five hours to complete the feeding.
“I’ve had a chance to read through his medical records. They were extremely helpful and detailed, but I do have a few areas I’d still like to get your perspective on”
Castiel considers for a moment whether it’s too early to start making changes to the care-plan, but figures there’s no harm in offering general advice, “Deep Pressure Stimulation is more effective at engaging the parasympathetic nervous system if used on a routine or continuous basis. I’d like to observe the effects it has on him directly, but he may benefit from a more routine use of restrictive-pressure garments. If it proves effective, I’d recommend we have a custom garment made to alleviate the sensory concerns. We should also consider trailing the use of Joint Compressions and The Carisi Protocol.”
A submissive, even a pure one like Dean, can refuse to enter their headspace, resist their needs, fight their own biology, and deny themselves submissive release. Castiel knew that if Dean continued to reject his headspace and refuse to be guided down, he was going to die and there was nothing anyone could do about it.
Castiel gave it a try and was pleased to see that it already had Sam, John, Benny, and about a dozen other numbers already pre-programmed into the contact list. Well, at least that solved one problem.
“Really?” he sounded sleepy but delighted, he had obviously expected to be spending the evening doing several hours of grueling exercise. Cas was quite happy to surprise him.
“Yeah, I know he's high risk for OSS Syndrome, but he's still lucid, just panicking. Okay, yeah, I've got it right here,” She pulls out the med kit he carries and opens it up.
He knew that globally, around two million people were members of one the Fifteen Traditional Societies. He knew that although this was just a tiny fraction of the global population, the Societies operated in almost every country and had an incredible level of power and influence on global politics and business. Although they technically chose to live their lives separated from the rest of the world, in the last two hundred years the power, wealth and social influence of The Societies had grown exponentially and now they owned several of the largest multinational corporations, held key seats in parliament, in universities and ran several of the world’s largest private banks.
"That would be very helpful thank you.” Cas does genuinely appreciate the affection Benny clearly feels towards Dean, “Can you tell me what you find most effective at calming him?"
“Ok,” Sam pulled out his tablet, “Where do you want to start?”
“Cas?” Dean’s voice has a strange nervousness to it, enough to make Cas look up from the research paper he was reading and peer at him curiously.
Dean smiles at him as if summer warmth had just appeared suddenly in the middle of a winter's day.
He must have dozed a little himself because the next thing he knew Dean was moving in his arms, fighting against the hold he continued to maintain around him.
Two days after that he fell into a coma.
Cas pulls back the blanket just slightly, but just to ease a pillow under Dean’s head and to curl a warm hand under his jaw with affection.
And Castiel is there, finally back where he belongs, back inside him, where he should have been the whole time.
“Please,” Dean practically begs, “I need to finish this. I asked them. They didn’t want to but I convinced them.” Cas doubted that was very hard to do.
A knock sounds out across the room, hollow against the metal and plastic. Sam enters and smiles at them. He's changed into a comfortable shirt and pants, his hair still a little damp.
“He’d found a knife in the kitchen, was waving it around crazily slicing anything he could reach. But Mom, she got between them screaming at him but he ran at her, cutting her open. Then Dad got home and he…” Cas knew the telling of this story was painful for Sam, the way he kept it as short as possible, giving over only the most significant of details. “But Dad, apparently he got out his hunting rifle and shot the guy ... square in the chest. It was too late though. For her.” Sam’s voice broke a little then, up until that moment his voice had been flat, like he was recounting something that happened to someone else, but now it was broken, open and raw.
“I’m sorry,” Sam said, pulling himself together before Castiel had the chance to figure out how exactly to explain that he, and possibly everyone else here, was a God. Damn. Idiot.
“Would you like to take something to help you sleep?”
“Ha?” Gabe grabbed the tablet and quickly flicked it open to the monitoring app, “Shit”
Dean was looking gorgeous resting heavily amid the silk sheets on their bed. He wasn’t asleep, Cas could tell by the still tight muscles of his back and shoulders as he struggled to unwind from the day.
Then the pressure starts, and Cas wasn’t kidding, he did feel the need to go but it’s peripheral, instead he wants push into it, the half burn half caress is maddening. But Cas seems to know this and rests his other hand high up on his back, anchoring him in place.
“No,” Castiel’s voice harsh, strained with emotion, "leave it on."
“I’m not sure I...” it’s getting harder for him to speak, nervousness stilling his voice, what if it’s too much?
Cas eased back down to nuzzle Dean’s neck and scent him.
"No, no shots... Please Cas..." He'll force himself to down the pills, at least they only make him feel sleepy.
Cas walks around the other side of the bed and clips the straps to their counterparts. He tests them, convinced.
Dean continued to struggle, but less and less, tears streaming down his cheeks as he sobbed quietly, fear and betrayal in his eyes, even if words were beyond him.
“Is he going to be ok?” She asks Cas after a moment.
“Can you tell me a bit more about his main areas of concern?” Cas asks gently, “What bothers him most? It’s helpful to know and account for any main trigger areas before I meet him.” Cas pulled out his notepad and wrote:
“Good because Dr Novak’s not going to know anything about how things work here, any of our laws, protocols, beliefs, nothing. We’re going to have to help him fit in or it’s going to be a disaster.”
“What did you say to him?!” She demands of the man, the anger seeping into every word.
Before approaching them, he clicked the pheromone canister into the slot on the side of the mask, activating it momentarily to check the speed of release. The mask covered the lower half of Dean’s face, fitting snugly over his nose, mouth and under his chin.  It forced him to breathe in an artificial alpha control pheromone called Aphroxil, used to make him pliable and obedient. It was also completely illegal outside of clinical settings.
“Ha” he laughs humorlessly, “they would record it like that! I was six months old so I don't remember any of it but Dean does. Apparently, some guy broke in while Dad was at work one night, the cops said he was on drugs, delusional, ranting about Omegas being possessed by demons, that he had to kill them. He got into the back of the house, broke the back door down easy as, like it was nothing, started ranting while he staggered from room to room.
A moment later, the screen on Benny’s tablet began flashing and a quiet alarm rang out. Benny slid the tablet over and showed Castiel the screen, “He’s waking up. We use an EEG headset to monitor his sleep. It’s been challenging to make sure he completes full sleep cycles."
He wasn't stupid, he knew they realised that there was something unusual about his reaction to them, they knew it affected him, knew it opened up parts of himself that he couldn't continue to deny, needs he hadn't realized he had. He just didn't know how to deal with it, not for a long time. The straps had become another requirement each time, slowly increasing in number till he could barely move once they were all done up. And though they helped, they allowed him to sink down, to that peaceful nowhere place, it wasn't ever enough, not like when Cas did it.
It took a while, almost long enough to have Gabe reaching back for the sedative, but eventually, Dean’s breathing evened out again. His body relaxing back into a feverish sleep.
“That must have been distressing,”
So rarely does it build to this that it scares him. Like he’s about to lose himself to the heat, like he’s about to slip over into that mindlessness instead. But Cas’s is absolute and his conviction keeps him here, not fighting it, but wanting it.
Gabe could feel the change immediately. Dean's muscles relaxed, his breath became less laboured and his eyes drifted closed. Some sort of miracle of human evolutionary reaction there, he marvelled. Dean stilled, calmed for the moment.
He can't help thinking back the first of those examinations at the OPS, with his little brother and the doctors anxiously whispering between themselves, Sam’s voice a tale of fear and uncertainty.  Sam was still a teenager then, thrust unfairly into legally making decisions for his older brother, a role he just didn’t know how to fulfil.
“That’s real good Dean. Because Jess and I were hoping to come up and visit, maybe next weekend? We’ve got something to tell you guys.”
He climbed up on the bed and rested his back against the headboard, legs open and his body language non threatening.
“Ok, I’ll just,” he gestured to the office.
The OSP had been right. Dean needed a firm but kind, carefully placed hand. Experimentally, Castiel had spanked him once, when Dean had forgotten to drink enough, leaving the carefully labeled bottles in the fridge for Castiel to find when he returned that night. Dean hadn’t fought as Castiel shifted him over his knees, but he hadn’t relaxed either. Not even when Castiel had steadied him, working his hand down his neck and along the edges of his spine, like it normally would. Instead he took the hits with a flinch and a hiss, forcing himself through sheer will to endure it.
Castiel always wants to argue back, tell them that ‘
Unfortunately, the hospital bed in the centre, the IV stands, monitoring machines and screens, medical equipment cabinets and drawers, all worked against that image. Especially the CRP frame currently dominating the centre of the room.
While there they explained to him that he what it meant to be a ‘Pure Dominant’ and that he had all the classic symptoms of Dynamic Deficiency Syndrome (DDS). They’d shown him a picture of a greyscale with numbers written beneath it spaced evenly from zero through to twenty. The zero was underneath the white, the ten was in the middle of the grey and the twenty was at the other end under the black.
“Um… he doesn’t like his harness and leash. I remember the first day he came here, they’d just driven over from the airport, so John still had him in his harness, leash clipped to his waist. I could tell that Dean was really put off by it, he kept tugging at the chest straps and rubbing his neck, but he had a smile on his face, and he was joking about feeling like a ‘show pony’ the entire time so no one else noticed how uncomfortable he was. I don’t think I saw him draw a complete breath until he got inside, and John took it off.
Castiel frowned. To go from utter neglect to being placed under this level of civil control was beyond self-correcting, this was the system doing a complete 180-degree turn. He didn’t understand it. He’d heard of permanent guardianship contracts including some caretaking requirements, but nothing like this. To also have so many focussed on preventing Dean from escaping…. He wondered whether the judge had been influenced by John or someone else? Maybe someone fearful of Dean disappearing again? Or maybe the judge genuinely believed that ‘Pure Submissives’ really needed this level of rigid guardianship, some people did still maintain extremely outdated notions.
“Benny!” she called enthusiastically, “This is Dr Novak, but he goes by Cas. He’s the Dynamic Therapist that’s going to cure Dean!” Cas bit his tongue, not wanting to stifle her enthusiasm, he was having to do that a lot here.
“Yes, My Lord. I believe Pure Dominant Dr Novak is currently meeting with High Dominant Samuel. I expect he’ll go down to meet with Dr Harris and Dominant Lafitte after that.”
Dean has a nightmare, Castiel deals with it in a typical Dom!cas style. A short piece that didn't quite fit in with the next chapter.
For me it meant nothing, whether I kept my job or not, nothing, I didn’t care. I just wanted to disappear. Figured that getting handed over like a broken toy to some strange alpha had been inevitable from the start, might as well accept it. Dad was right again.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was a line they both drew. Dean knew Castiel had his body and his love but he would never touch his art. He swore to himself that if he ever even tried, that would be the end of it, he would call the OSP and terminate the contract then and there, his lovelife be damned, his job be damned, his health and sanity be damned, the whole world could go to hell as far as he was concerned. He knew he was better off with Cas, more stable, but that didn’t mean there weren’t lines that couldn’t be crossed, luckily Cas seemed to instinctively understand this, one of the many reasons Dean loved him.
“You’re going to allow him to use those methods with Dean?” Gabe queried gently.
“Of course. You’ve dealt with the process admirably, consistently gained back the weight you lost and above all that, I know how much you enjoy sharing food with your brother. I see no reason to deny you.”
“You promised.”
“You’re not. And you never were! You raised a kind and confident brother in Sam, you kept yourself together through years and years of his abuse and you came out the other side still the brilliant man I love. Don’t you ever call yourself weak!” Cas’s voice a study in harnessed rage.
Problem was that keeping Dean Winchester alive was becoming an increasingly difficult thing to do, and if John Winchester decided, out of some misguided notion of tradition, to prevent the only doctor with a chance of saving him from doing his job, well, Gabriel was just going to have to do something drastic. He was about to do
Dean nods and leans over, hungry for a kiss. Cas straddles the bench in front of him, and kisses back desperately, as if to claim back ownership of Dean's body. Gabe can't imagine how difficult, how powerless it must make Cas feel to have to watch while machines do what his own body can't. He doesn't linger long in the kiss, but not fully pulling away either, instead he rests his hands on either side of Dean's chin, making him focus for a moment longer.
“Sure! Right this way.”
Dean knows that somewhere deep inside him is raging, but all his body wants to do is obey, give over to his alpha everything.
“One last thing,” Cas remembers and returns to the chest, reaching right into the bottom and pulls out the specially designed weighted blanket folded inside.
Dean finally lets go of Jess and lets himself be guided in under Cas’s arm. Castiel knows how Dean struggles with emotion this powerful, with happiness especially.
John Winchester, the Head of Caladh House, paced back and forth across his office as he fumed at the person on the other end of the phone, “Gabriel, don’t you dare tell me to calm down!”
Benny gestured to the doors that opened off up the central space they were currently standing in, “That’s the bathroom, the gym, treatment rooms 1 and 2, the cinema, the library.” He pointed to each door as he went around, “and finally the bedroom.”
“I know,” John sighed, rubbing his tired eyes with the back of his hand, “I’m sorry. It’s just that when I went down to see him this morning, he’d ripped out his IV again. He was panicking and acting aggressively towards his nurses, me, even himself. He was covered in bruises. They had to put him back in a restraint jacket and completely strap him into a CRP Frame before he could calm down. When I tried to comfort him, he screamed and cursed me. He was completely irrational.”
This was to be expected, and had happened before, but never this early on. Hopefully, he could still get Dean to take glucose orally. He really didn’t want to resort to Glucagon or IV dextrose yet. He scratched his head, considering his options.
Enough for Cas to slip his hands down to curl them about Dean’s waist and pull him in, it’s enough to let him lean in and kiss him. Gently opening up and guiding his tongue inside Dean’s welcoming mouth possessively. It’s enough to give him the strength to ask.
But, there was one small benefit of the damn NG tube Dean mused, Cas had to find the time to visit him here. They got to spend at least an hour at lunch together every single day. Dean was nervous but thrilled at the chance to show Castiel his new work. It was to be the centre sculpture in a new fountain being built to commemorate the 150th anniversary of the university and was the first commission Dean had ever done involving water.
Dean nods and fixes his gaze on Gabe
“No honey. Tonight was all about you.”
By the time Cas led him over to the toilet Dean’s eyes were watering, his hands clenched at his sides in the effort. Cas sat him down, letting him rest his head against his stomach as he let go, shushing him and running his fingers through his hair comfortingly.
He knows differently now, knows how lucky he really was. What could have happened, would have if not for him. Because Dean knows, with clear and terrible certainty that if it hadn't been for Cas he would have found a way and nothing would have stopped him. The end would have been a mercy, a relief.
He changes his slightly damp clothing as well, giving himself a snack from the cupboard. He’s still munching on the muesli bar when Cas leads Dean out. They both look better, clean. Cas has pulled on a pair of pyjama bottoms but Dean is still naked, but he's dry and comfortable.
