Rhodey and Cho watch them escort Tony out before they snap out of it and get on a separate elevator.
“I… I hafe always dreamt about one day meeting someone who could be my soul-bonded. I am not naive enough to wish for an ula kui, and I definitely did not expect an u’hoa. Any… any of the three is a treasure; a blessing. But, for someone to reject… I do not undestand.”
Steve freezes and nearly gets hit in the face with the bag when he whips his head around to gape at her.
He doesn't like what he sees. His heart thuds in his ears and he clutches the sheets hard enough that his knuckles pop and turn bone-white. "Jacey, are you saying-?"
“Oh, right, you guys don’t know who that is. He was a colleague of sorts. Until he went… uh. Batshit insane?”
She’s considering giving the man a sedative, so he’d just go to sleep already, but she doesn’t want to deprive him of someone finally,
His therapy was going quite well, and he was learning a lot about new manners and etiquette in this day. He didn’t much care to learn about standard behavior in the 21st century. But, the doctor had explained, the behavior wasn’t due to lack of caring or compassion, but more fear of being met with disdain and ridicule. There was even a fear of being sued by people who’s lives you saved, which was a startling common occurence that Steve had met with disbelief and disgust.
When the two men come back, looking as fresh as they can with their still world-weary faces, Tony knows they don't have good news. He turns off the TV and lets them talk their fill.
“He’s unconscious. Stable, somewhat, but he’s lucky the sepsis was caught quickly. Honestly, I don’t know how he went on functioning normally like that.”
“You– I was wrong about you that day on the helicarrier. You’re more than just a suit of armor, Tony.” Steve’s blue blue eyes are so very sincere and Tony wants to cry. “You’re so much more, and I have never been happier to admit that I was wrong. You are a hero, Tony, and you didn’t deserve what I put you through with the Accords.
It sucks that this Stark didn't see Stane for the snake he was sooner. Tony can only imagine how dealing with all that must have felt. Holy Hell, Stark has too many goddamned companies. Tony feels it's... almost a little too imperious.
Reed opens his mouth to protest, but then closes it. He moves his head in a way that signifies agreement.
Steve’s heart twists in his chest and he feels tears come up unbidden. Even after all this… even after… he still…
He loves Pepper, don’t get him wrong, but she just… sometimes, she confused the persona Tony put in front of the camera with the real one. It’s… looking back, it’s probably another reason why they didn’t work out so great. It’s fine, though. She’s happier, he thinks, and that’s all he ever really wanted was for her to be happy. He knows that she probably will worry about him ‘til the end of his days, but that’s because she’s a worrier by nature.
Thank you all for oh so patiently waiting on me! Life is hectic and yada yada yada~ but here it iiiiiss chapter 5!
Trigger warnings: implied torture, graphic depictions of violence (? sort of? it's implied), implied sexual activities (because I can and this fic is only M for a reason), potty mouths, (uh idk what else but msg me if there is something)
Then he remembers that he's supposed to wait for assistance. However... a battle has just begun, so help is unlikely to come in the next five minutes or so. He'll have to assist himself.
“Yes, yes, I know. I’m an impatient horndog,” Tony rolls his eyes. “Seriously, though, that’s impressive self-control.”
"I know... I know you're still mad at me from pushing too hard the other day, and I'm sorry--" She twists her hands together and dread is curling in her stomach into  a ball of nauseating knots.
Steve checks the workshop first. Even if his elevator code had worked… He’s not sure this code still will-- is sure they won’t after everything, but figures a failed attempt will at least give Tony some warning.
The two doctors frown, but grudgingly agree. They’ve got a Jeep that looks like its seen better days, but it runs and it’s conducive for the kind of off-roading they’ve been doing way out here in the boonies. Stark lays across the back seat, shuts his eyes, and sleeps.
Fuck, he was so pathetic. He couldn't even get up from his self-induced pity-party to get a single goddamn drink.
Hope you enjoyed!! Remember to subscribe! More is on its way! (I seem to have lots of feelings to work through after Civil War sweet baby panda Infinity War is going to wreck me to pieces i just know it. there's not even a trailer out yet but guys THINK OF THE FORESHADOWING oh dear Odin the angst)
“Thank you, Richards. Alright, so we’re… in Mongolia? Right? That sounds about accurate. Okay, so where are we going?”
The sheets are warm and soft around him, but there’s a beeping noise that is frankly driving him up the wall––would somebody turn the damn thing
first off: THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH FOR BEING SO INCREDIBLY PATIENT! I LOVEEEEE LOVE LOVE YOU ALL TO DEATH
come find me at spiritedobsession.tumblr.com ! don't hesitate to drop an ask or something...i don't bite! :P
Steve’s eyes go wide. “Really? The second quadrimester? But you’re–” He wisely decides not to finish that sentence when Tony’s eyes narrow.
Tony scrubbed his face. God dammit. The not-scotch because, despite it being scotch it wasn't actually alcoholic (Tony was not an idiot and he knew what alcohol did to fetuses), tempted him from the bottle across the room.
The contraction stops. Tony's chest heaves and tears roll down his face. "They're coming so fast," he whispers, "too fast. I-- I think the placenta--"
Tony spends a week in that infirmary where the doctors did their best to get his pneumonia flare-up under control. They also do a few ultrasounds to check on the baby, though the doctor had surprised him by telling him that it wasn’t just one baby in there.
Tony decides that he's feeling a little cramped, so he nudges Jacey in the arm and she grumbles incoherently.
Tony wipes his eyes, “And I just--” his gray-blue eyes seem to flicker and he hiccups, “I thought-- no, I
["Hey, what's up? Do you need food or something? I just got done with my last patient, so I'll be--"]
Also, I just... all the commenters... thank you. Really. I couldn't have done it without you. Special shoutout to 88problems for encouraging me and for regular commenters Constance_Truggle and Laura_trekkie, and any and all other regular commenters I'm too short on time to mention right now, but don't worry you'll get a special shoutout next time ;)
He knows Strange and Reed are watching and listening. For once, he doesn’t care about appearances or reputations, so he cries. In a manly way, of course.
“That’s–” Steve hunches in on himself, clearly ashamed. “Those were extenuating circumstances. What happened… it wasn’t… I didn’t mean for it to go so far. I was reacting and not thinking, and if I could take it all back? I would. But… I can’t, so I have to live with my mistakes and try and make it up to Tony the best I know how.”
They walk away and realize maybe they’d lost more than they thought they had. It’s not a good feeling.
Steve decided it was a losing battle and just followed the king. It turns out the king was right. He didn’t believe it.
“Oh.” He had said all those terrible, ugly things to Stark on the Raft. He had seen the look on Stark’s face; had known that his words were cutting Tony deep.
Fury purses his lips. “I’m tempted to kick you off the team for all you’ve done, but we need all the eyes we can get to search for Stark. You’re lucky Thor and Banner aren’t here, otherwise I would sack you without a second thought. You hear me, Rogers? You’re in deep shit and you’re going to be spending a long time cleaning up this mess you’ve made. Got it?”
Mostly, though, Steve becomes unhealthily obsessed with finding Tony. The engineer has been gone for so long now, and the supersoldier shudders to think what the kidnappers might have done to him to get Tony to cooperate. He needs to… he needs to see Tony with his own eyes, and to make amends for the way he treated his potential mate. Steve had always thought that he would wind up with an omega, but he wasn’t about to lie to himelf by saying that he wasn’t interested in Tony, or wouldn’t want him for a mate simply because he was a beta. Saying such things in this day and age, Steve had discovered, was similar to mistreating a lady in the forties. It simply wasn’t done.
Tony twists to look behind him. “You… you the manager, then? I gotta tell ya, man, that ride over here? Big fix; most uncomfortable car ever. I think it’s time for an upgrade.”
powers that he imprisoned heroes--friends--we once fought side by side with! Tell me, Stark,” Rogers growls, “why would he lay in bed with the enemy and betray all his friends out of
He doesn’t have many of those these days. “You shouldn’t be,” he whispers so quietly Cho almost doesn’t hear it.
“You’ll regret it,” he meets her eyes and silently pleads for her to tell him otherwise. For it not to be true for once. “Everyone always does.”
her year. She could lie and say she’s baffled, but really she’d been expecting this, so she’s not surprised. At all. It’s actually
also: infinity war broke my heart in hALF and i SWEAR TO GOD if Marvel doesn't FIX IT WITH PART 2... i don't know how i'm going to cope.
hah. hahaha. haha. *builds fortress with really tall walls and a nice defense system* wat chu guys think of my castle? yeah? pretty awesome, huh? I'm not-- I'm not hiding, no, of coURSE not. that'd be... hah... that'd mean i'd done something-- *winces* I just-- *shifty eyes* okay I'm so sorry about this *hands reader a cookie and tissue box* *hides behind walls*
His thoughts spin and he comes to a startling conclusion that sends cold dread clenching his stomach and tying his chest into a painful knot. Tony wets his lips and tries to breathe. Tries not to panic.
.” Fury takes a long, deep breath to calm himself down. “What I want to know is why the five of you acted like fucking
1. Spiritual companion or soulmate. The highest/deepest level of bond ever recorded in humanity’s history. Exceptionally rare. May develop from a henkō; one in one million chance.
“No,” Jacey laughs a little, “that’s probably why he sucks at it. No, first he was a beta. The serum changed every part of him to become the ideal super-soldier, right? His designation was included.”
“Yeah. In… the dungeon… the guy said something about an invasion. I–” Tony’s eyes widen as that whole conversation comes back to him with striking clarity. “No, not
By his expression of horror and disgust, she’d guess not. It’s been a long time since anyone has had certain
“His condition is critical,” she says softly, “I recommend you hurry.” Cho hangs up the phone and gets to work doing what she can. She gives him the highest, strongest dose of antibiotics she’s got and gives him more morphine and a sedative, so he doesn’t wake up. She’s got a chest tube hooked to him about an hour later. She’s about to set to work on the sepsis with vasopressers and insulin, since they’ve already gotten him on an IV, oxygen, and antibiotics. She’s hoping the vasopressers will stabilize his low blood pressure, but unless the sepsis doesn’t lessen in its intensity in the next hour, she’s going to have to do surgery. For now, she’s done all she can. Later, she’ll have Tony use an inhaler to help with his airways.
“That’s true, but Tony has thousands of employees under his wing and not to mention the hundreds of contracts, charities, foundations, and scholarships he’s built up in several countries.
it would be to give in and to let Steve rock his world all over again. To let Steve make Tony lose his mind in toe-curling pleasure.
Oh. And Steve suddenly understands everything that Tony had been trying to tell him and even realizes the implications behind Tony showing up to Siberia to help him and Bucky out. Steve is ashamed of himself. Again.
Tony is still reeling from the revelation that there's presumably no second-sexes/endotypes here. What a very strange world he's in. Apparently, there's also a lot of supers here, therefore a lot more Avengers. A lot more. Jesus. Plus something called the... X-Men? Who are mutants? What?
“I admit, I was pretty embarrassed. I was also kind of mad that he just barged in front of me and paid for my drink, so I was conflicted and my face was bright red. My friends laughed at me. Assholes.
Reed blinks at his vicious tone. “Oh. So you’ve kind of got your own Doom situation going on, huh? Yeah, that’s not a–um–a good time?”
His… education on modern matters was going well, and he was getting a grip on himself and coming to terms with the past and all that he’d missed and been forced to leave behind. It
For some reason, Tony finds this entirely too comical and doubles over from giggling. God, but if they’re trying to cheer him up, he must say they’re doing a stand-up job.
Steve purses his lips into a pout and looks away. He grumbles, "They're perfectly logical to have in our line of work."
Tony must black out for a few seconds because when he blinks open his eyes again, his nerves are shot and he can’t feel much. He can’t smell either, and his vision is getting blurry with grey and the edges are black. He’s running out of time. Steve is saying something, but it’s sounds so far away…
He sighs. Ever the psychologist, she is. “Just… it was about Pepper. That’s all. I was thinking… I’m glad she’s happier, now.”
Tony had requested him to watch over both the Ross-s and keep an eye on them for suspicious behavior. If he left now, he would inevitably be disappointing the engineer, and that just simply isn’t done.
The engineer purses his lips and picks at a non-existant thread of his leather couch. “Well, I… I didn’t tell you about it.”
“Good boy,” she chuckles, “But, as long as you promise to take your prenatal vitamins, follow this dietary plan to the letter, and get at least eight hours of rest each
“Anyways, I just thought that the baby must be growing really fast if you’re already so big. I was worried… because…” Steve bites his lip.
Tony hears a crackling whooshing sound and looks behind the couch to see Stephen Strange walking out of his weird glowing portal thing-y.
“I do not know.” This voice is deeper and more comforting in a strange way. “He is injured,” the man remarks.
“I know it won’t mean much from me, but for your part in it… for the mistakes you made… I forgive you, Tony. You don’t have to forgive
“It was better for you not to think your brother’s safety depended on where your loyalty was,” Tony replies softly.
“Damn, Romanoff, what’d he do to you to piss you off so bad?” Tony tries to make his tone lighter; to make the whole situation lighter. Really, to avoid this conversation in general. He can see, though, in the grim set of her mouth and the tension in her shoulders that she knows what he’s doing.
The man’s face turns purple, and then it’s smoothing out into a perfectly blank mask. That scares the shit out of the brunet. He isn’t sure how it happens, but suddenly there’s a pool of lava below him and his chair is on a little island. It’s sweltering.
"Mm, no," Tony purses his lips and shakes his head, "he looks more like a really buff movie actor/model than an actual... well, than an actual
Steve blanched. “My– what? No, nevermind. Um. Yes, sir. I just– I lost control and Tony just wouldn’t… he wouldn’t
Steve swallows and looks ashen. “I– I just thought it was one-sided. He didn’t show any signs of… of a bond, so, I just… but I couldn’t do it. I only took half a dose. I didn’t want to break it,” Steve finally admits miserably.
Then Tony’s laughing too, at the ridiculousness of all of it, and he feels his broken heart start to mend. Jacey has always said that laughter and kindness is the best medicine. He hadn’t really believed her, before, but now he does. He is so, so grateful to her.
Tony barks out a loud laugh. “That’s me: Tony ‘Brutally Honest’ Stark. It’s not the first time I’ve heard that.”
Tony leans against the window and tries not to feel the cracks in his armor or the holes in his heart.
“Could’ve fooled me, Cap. I see now you never considered me your friend. Fine. Goodbye, Steve,” he replies flatly and turns to leave.
She looks offended. “No, not at all. Do you know how many orders he broke while in the Army? He’s not used to any form of a chain of command that he wasn’t the lead of. He needs–has always needed–another perspective to get his head out of his ass. That’s why he and Barnes were such a great team. That’s why
Peter has proven to be a promising heir to Stark Industries just as much as he is a promising hero; a promising
Cho just gives him that sad, sad look again. He knows Bruce won’t be coming. He knows where he is, of course, how could he not? But, he knows it’ll be a while before Banner comes back to the team. He misses his science buddy.
, Jacey can definitely see why Tony thinks Steve’s attractive. What she can’t understand is why Tony’s in love with him. She’s here to suss that for herself, as well as give a shovel talk. Or three.
They share a smile and continue down the corridor. Fate beats a cruel drum in Jacey's ears. She knows what's coming. It's only just a matter of time. She gazes at Tony's relaxed features and prays Strange and Steve won't be too far when the hourglass runs out of sand.
No, he rectifies, the stupidest thing he ever did was pitting his friends against each other. It wasn't Tony who'd broken up the family after all. It was Steve, and he's got a lot to fix before anything will ever be okay again.
“Yeah,” she nods, “if I’m recalling correctly, I think the end-result was that due to a stressful environment or being around someone who was not pack or family during the crucial developmental stages of puberty, that for some reason a hormone releases and essentially makes you dynamic-null. So: no heats, no scents, stunted growth and development, prone to outbursts - usually of the thrill-seeking or rebellious variety - , difficulty bonding with others, and little to no satisfaction from sexual activities.”
He starts off with the beginning. His parents: his mother’s soft voice as she plays the piano, a shared secret in the language from his mother’s homeland, and gentle hands petting his hair or rubbing his back when he was ill; his father’s harsh tones, disappointment, and alcoholism that made his childhood difficult. It wasn’t until that fateful Christmas break that he realized his dad had been trying recently. He’d been too focused on the way the words grated and the past to actually listen then, but since his demonstration at MIT, he’s come to terms with his grief and his regrets. Or so he’d thought.
asked, though. If the Accords had done what the SHRA would do to “rogue” heroes… if appealing to the government hadn’t been an option… Or, maybe, if the SHRA
By the time they make it to the ground floor, Ross is pushing Stark into a car and slamming the door shut behind him. "What do we do?" Cho whispers, "He's still in recovery... and he's pregnant..."
Jacey tosses her more red than blonde strawberry-blonde locks over her shoulder and wrinkles her nose. “Pumpkin is better. Besides,” she smirks, “I know you love my blueberry pie too much to ever let me go.”
Tony chokes a little when the alien squeezes his windpipe too hard. Didn't Strange have them last? Why are they asking him?
of you. I am--I’m so sorry, Tony. I-- I realized a few things thanks to the other Stark. I’ve been so
to make him stop by using extreme, unnecessary violence. Why didn’t you just talk him down, Rogers? Why didn’t you try to get him to calm down, hm? Can you tell me that? No? Well, I’ll tell you why, Rogers, and it’s because you’re going through something called Bond Detachment.”
“Postive reinforcement does wonders,” he chuckles. He looks out the window and sees the blue, blue sky and fluffy white clouds. And, he thinks that it really, really does. “Well, you also helped me make peace with Howard.”
“That’s an excellent question, Lang, glad you asked.” A familiar voice sounds from the doorway. They all spin to look– and it’s Fury. He definitely looks furious too.
Horror is next all over Steve’s face. “Oh, God. Oh, God, no. Please, Tony, tell me… tell me I… that this is new.”
"Yes, that is what I'm telling you. My abilities... are mostly time related. Healing, jumping forward, slowing down, reversing, reality hopping... I can do all of it, but at a price. Sometimes... sometimes the price is inconceivable. Sometimes, the price can't be paid because the reward is too little. I'm telling you, now, free of charge as best I can that two weeks from today your life
Since he's returned to New York, many things has happened. One: he got to meet a lovely lady called Carol Danvers, two: Jar- Vision - has been with him and been incredibly supportive since his fight with Jacey, three: he no longer feels like he wants to hit Steve with a bus, and four: the babies are perfectly healthy and safe. Helen and Rhodey don't entirely approve of his ignoring Jacey, but he's stewing a bit since the rogue super soldier has been texting him repeatedly.
Happy Halloween! Y'all stay safe and I love each and every one of you who has subbed, kudo-ed, commented, bookmarked, read, etc! You make my DAY!
Oh, this is bad. This is all kinds of apocalyptic bad, like worse than losing your car keys and your phone at the same time,
After that... well... it's a bit difficult not to fall in love with the ginormous teddy bear all over again. He won't admit that either. He does have some self preservation, believe it or not.
The scene is something out of a horror movie. There are agents all clad in black breaking into one of the floors of the Tower. They’ve busted the windows in and it’s too quiet. Some minutes later Everett Ross is seen hauling Tony out of the Tower rather violently. Tony doesn’t look good. The image is somewhat blurred from distance, but Steve can see that he’s clearly not been doing very well. Tony is pushed into a van with the words JCTC stenciled into the side.
“Well, Mrs. Kirk, I don’t think you’ve remembered it at all. That all sounds very far-fetched,” Tony rolls his eyes and grins sarcastically.
“That’s…” Tony heaves a sigh of relief that takes all of the tension out of his shoulders and makes him sag a little. “Thanks, Jacey. That really… I wanted to do those, but then the doctor said…”
Rhodey and Tony glare at him. "Uh, yeah, you kind of do. I'm American; I have rights. My lawyers are going to have a field day with you," Stark threatens.
. Which, obviously, was not where he was currently. His hands are immediately reaching for his belly that is no longer swollen with life and he panics.
The captain finds the request strange, but if it’ll help keep Tony awake and aware he’d do anything. “Sure, Shellhead.”
He takes in more long, deep breaths and looks around. It... looks like New York? Manhattan, maybe? He looks behind him and his blood freezes.
She gives a small, apologetic smile and comes to stand beside him. “I am sorry, you know. For… for leaving you like I did. I should’ve known better.”
“And, Stark?” She says with her back turned facing the door, “I– I really– thank you. For saving him. I owe you a great debt, and I did you a terrible disservice. I am truly, truly sorry.” She leaves.
Tony doesn’t know how long he’s been in captivity; he lost track at three weeks. He files the information he’s learned for later use and pondering. He goes back to being numb.
Natasha is decidedly very unhappy with a lot of people right now. Namely, Steve. Also Clint. She’d handed her burner phone over to a terrified archer who could hear his wife yelling from two feet away. Damn fool better be sorry, and Natasha always kind of secretly enjoyed it when Laura tore Clint a new one. It was amusing and plus she seemed to be the only one who could screw that man-child’s head on straight besides Phil Coulson and, occasionally, herself.
angry at her or vice versa that they just sit down face to face. He said sometimes they just yell at each other for hours, but other times they talk or stare and–” Steve flushes bright red “–‘kiss and make up’.”
urgh this is late i'm sorry. life is... ugh. my mojo has... erm well it decided it needed a little vacay so idk when the next update is gonna be. my muse is unpredictable. buuuuuut hopefully next-ish month? your comments inspire me as always! they make me think about my fic and what it still needs and then i get IDEAS and then you get chapters hahaha. I LOVE COMMENTS SO MUCH HAHAHAHA
He probably gaped at them for a good half hour before he saw sense and snapped his jaw shut. That, and usually the apologies took that long.
The doctor looks mildly surprised, and then heartbroken. “My husband was a soldier,” he murmurs and starts rolling the wand thing across his belly.
“You could just sign the Accords, that’d be the easiest and most efficient solution. Or, you could offer to set up negotiations with the various governments backing the Accords. That’d be longer and more arduous, but I think it’s the most likely solution you might be willing to take.”
Tony’s heart twists and his stomach fills with butterflies, and despite everything he knows–everything he’s afraid of–he’ll give Steve another chance. Not… not romantically. Not yet. Tony doesn’t know if he’ll ever be ready for a long-term relationship again, after Pepper, but he lets himself believe that maybe he and Steve could possibly be friends.
"Steve... Steve and everyone else were there for a press conference," Tony whispers, his face going pale.
“Jacey is a psychologist, actually, and her only policy is that she won’t resort to meds until every other option has been explored.”
Warmth floods Tony's stomach and he grabs Jacey's hand to put it on his massive belly. "There," he murmurs, "do you feel it?"
“Rogers, are you trying to tell me that Tony’s reaction to finding out his parents were murdered and you not telling him, was unjustified? You better not be victim-blaming, or I will cut you, Rogers, and I will call in every favor Barton owes me to make you
also, i'm about to get really, really busy so prob will be another month until i can update again sorry folks!
Tell me that’s not what that is before I put it all over Twitter that Tony Stark watches terrible reality TV.”
” Rogers does sound contrite, Cho will admit, but it’s not enough. Rogers is more at fault for the way things turned out than Tony ever will be. All this could have been avoided if Rogers had stopped for a moment to listen.
He walks with his head bowed, watches the pavement move under his feet. He shoves his hands into his pockets and walks.
“... you women and your intuition,” Tony murmurs. He closes his eyes and thumps his head onto the pillow.
“Listen, Carol, you can trust me. This…” He points to his forehead, “...shows me things, on occassion. I know that you are new to your abilities, Ms. Danvers, and I would like to help you.”
Steve flinches a little. “I… I don’t have any. Not– not of the romantic variety, at least. I just wanted… he spends a lot of time dealing with people who hate him. I thought it’d be… I don’t know. I thought it would cheer him up a bit. To see that not everyone hates him. I never planned on telling him who they were from.” He puts a hand on his neck and lowers his eyes to the floor.
The strange one pokes at him and tells the other one to carry Tony on his back. “Be careful,” the man is murmuring, “he is gravely injured.”
“Yeah. Just… maybe… start by being his friend first. Get to know him. Sit with him and ask him about his day, about his projects, about his likes and dislikes; show him you care. Compliment him when you can, and give constructive criticism when you can’t. Tony doesn’t respond well to being yelled at,” she closes her eyes and clutches her skirt in her fingers until the knuckles turn white.
["Tony, I need you to listen very carefully, okay? I need you to tell me how fast your contractions are coming and how long they last, okay? Tony?"]
"She's beautiful, Tony," Steve murmurs with tears in his eyes. Steve instinctively lays the baby on Tony's chest and the baby howls when she hears her mother's heartbeat. Tony feels a new wave of determination spread through him and he pushes. And pushes.
and he certainly doesn’t use the word “fuck”. Steve’s lips quirk up at her surprise, but he doesn’t say anything. He just turns his head and looks down in shame.
Her face scrunches up into an equally befuddling expression, and Tony finds himself waiting for her to say something.
i'm so emotional right now. *blubbers* i just... i never thought i'd get to 20k+ viewers or get as many awesome comments that I squeal and obsess over and re-read because i'm a sentimental sap and i love all of you just SO MUCH AND THIS CHAPTER WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE ACTUAL PLOT GOD DAMMIT
"Did you not wonder why the green beast always seemed so infallible? Why he never dies, and rarely is able to be injured severely? Hulk is built to live through to the planet's last days. He is designed to last 'til
"Oh, come on!" He hisses, "I just went! You babies in there," he grumbles with a pat to his large belly, "need to keep off my damn bladder."
She finally leaves the room. Rhodes is in the hallway; he’s pacing. He finally sees her and asks her how Tony’s doing.
The door suddenly swings open and Tony is leaning out looking around with surprised and wary eyes all at once. “Fri, what do you mean Steve is--”
Clint snorts and tries to keep from laughing too hard. “That’s one way of puttin’ it, but c’mon, guys, lay off. Dude’s uncomfortable.”
“She sounds too good to be true. Psychiatrists don’t care about the patients, they just wanna make money by prescribing drugs.” Reed mutters as if he’s speaking from experience.
"N-no idea. H-haven't seen h-him since you guys showed up u-uninvited," he stammers and his vision blurs.
“My name is Vision, or Viz, as Wanda likes to call me. I am well, thank you, Ms. Davers, and how are you?”
Lord knows I wouldn’t, but I’ve got my head screwed on straight now, I swear it, and I’ll do better. Be a better friend; listen. But God, Tony, why didn’t you come to me about the SHRA
“Yep. Still have loans, believe it or not. I probably wouldn’t if I hadn’t wanted adventure so much, but I can’t really regret it, ya know. I loved my travels.” There’s something oddly wistful about his voice.
Tony raises an eyebrow, but doesn’t argue. “Sure.” He slips on his underwear with the gown on, and then shimmies into his jeans. He pulls the strings undone and slips out of the hospital gown. “Oh.” He’s still got the IV and stuff in him. “Guys.”
He decides that he doesn’t have the right to speak to Tony yet, so he writes him letters instead. He tells Tony everything in his letters. All the way from his day to apologies to what the future holds.
She cocks her head, eyes questioning and searching his soul. Her looks are often perceptive in this manner. For a moment, her eyes soften and glisten and he thinks she might have figured it out.
going well, until T’Challa burst through the doors during one of his sessions post-mission and ordered him to follow him to a conference room. Immediately.
That seems to be the final key to convincing Jarvis because the butler steps aside and lets him pass. Jarvis stalks off down the hallway, presumably to the kitchen, leaving Steve behind to fend for himself. He doesn’t blame him.
He freezes. He looks over to her and clasps and unclasps his hands in his lap. He closes his eyes and droops.
He talks about waking up here, not the first time, not when Tony had found him in the ice all those years ago, but the most recent occurence. Where they
Tony wakes in more pain than usual, but he’d almost rather take that over the morning sickness– speaking of which, it seems like Peanut has spared him the usual bout today. Tony will count that as a win.
“Ross seems to be very angry, Boss, he claims he will come back with a warrant and a SWAT team if he isn’t let up.”
Tony’s eyes narrow and he is so done with this shit, “You lied to me first, Rogers! You knew what happened before all this happened, and you didn’t say a goddamn word! All this could’ve been avoided,” Tony’s voice raises, “if you’d stopped to consider how someone else felt! How
Scott clams up instantly and then babbles, “Whoa, I’m sorry, man, I didn’t know that was a touchy subject and I’ll just shut up now–”
“Richards and I were attending a conference in Ulaanbaatar, we met, and then Richards’s scanners showed an energy reading out here. We came to investigate. Finding you was lucky.”
Dread curls deep in Tony’s belly and he’s afraid. He pushes through, though, and just nods with a lump in his throat. It’s probably his heart (he wouldn’t blame it).
“You’re not, though, are you? You definitely weren’t when Ross confronted us, and you definitely aren’t now. Give me some credit, alright?”
(p.s. i made up the scene from KUWtK. idk if that happens or not. i'm abusing my artistic liberties with my shiny creative license ok. it was supposed to be funny. i'm funny right?)
Understanding lights up Jacey's eyes and she hurries to acquiesce. "Guys," she taps annoyingly on all the sleeping Avengers' faces.
It’s Jacey’s turn to stop in surprise. She hadn’t expected this at all. “Fine,” she murmurs vaguely. “Tony is doing well.”
"'Cured' is a bit of stretch," Tony shrugs, "but if you mean she doesn't glow as a threat of an impending explosion, then yes."
"I don't need your fucking judgement," Stark spits furiously. Defensively. His knuckles crack and his fists strain.
"You are in labor," the alien mutters with some amount of disgust and another emotion Tony is too out of to properly define.
Drunk? He hasn't been drunk in nearly ten years. Not since the whole palladium poisoning fiasco on his birthday.
"You're saying the Earth will..." Tony can feel a panic attack coming on. This is why he'd been obsessed with Ultron, with protecting his world because of the things she was now telling him. He can't accept this. He won't accept this. There has to be another way.
*winces* i know. i'm sorry. haha... you know the saying it'll get worse before it gets better? well... it'll get better. eventually. now begins my self-indulgent time travel, dimension travel, hand-wavey magicky science. you're welcome.
“Ella lived during that time, and she was one of the few to document her experience. She died some time after World War 2, I believe. It was reported that her husband, Tom, died days after her due to a broken heart and a broken bond. The syndrome was named after her, then, on the wishes of her family.”
Jacey wakes comfortable for the first time in a very long time. Tony has nodded off beside her with the remote laying in his hand. She smooths back his hair and rubs her hand across his pregnant belly. Her heart clenches in her chest, so she pillows her head on Tony's shoulder and tries not to cry.
. Tony's told Peter the names, too, and that Peter's their honorary big brother. The poor kid almost starts crying he's so touched. Rhodey swings by more often, though Tony knows that Ross has been on his ass ever since Rhodey got more used to the braces and re-learned how to walk.
By the time Fancy Pants comes back, Tony’s probably got heat stroke. He’s exhausted, too, and he’s already peed himself.
P.S. do yourself a favor and google what a gortle is. you'll laugh. i originally intended for it to be goose+turtle, but well. this was so much better.
CAUTION: *cough cough* CHARACTER WHUMP, UNHEALTHY AMOUNTS OF ANGST AND FEELS, PLEASE DON'T HURT ME OR YOUR POOR INNOCENT MOBILE DEVICES AND/OR LAPTOPS/DESKTOPS
Tony is bored. No, okay, hear him out: he’s so bored that he’s considering watching this god-awful telenovela that somehow the cable box was a good preset. Not. Also, he’s still in the hospital and that is just not cool, okay? Tony Stark and hospitals are like fire and gasoline. They really, really don’t get along.
She gives Tony a look. Her eyes are so full of grief and misery, so he stops to think for a moment. Slowly... slowly... the gears turn. "Jay, what does the word 'Thanos' mean to you?" His lips thin.
Tony lets out a weak chuckle. "Gotta love omegan parturition hormones. Didn't know they worked on other... intelligent species. 's interesting." Tony is so, so tired.
“You know what else I find interesting, Captain? It’s that you chose Barnes over the person you bonded with. Now, how’d that happen, I wonder? Considering your very biology is supposed to ensure the survival of your mate at all costs. What’d you do, Rogers?”
“Did you tell Tony that? Or did you let him just assume you didn’t want him anymore? Still, you managed to get rid of those symptoms of yours and finally got a clear head. What I can’t fathom is how you were able to beat him to shit in Siberia without your physiology intervening.” Fury leans back into the chair and stares pointedly.
thank you all for your kind words and well-wishes. your patience is a blessing and a balm. i hope you still like it.
"What?" Tony's world spins to a stop and he feels his heart drop to his stomach. There's a faint buzzing in his ears. Don't panic, he tells himself. Don't.
Nothing would or could prepare him for that eventual meeting, so he tries not to think about that either. He’d expected to have more problems come from the shindig at Siberia, but maybe he was too fucked up from beforehand to have anything more affect him. He should be glad, but all he feels is cold.
Finally, the toilet is in sight and Tony resists the urge to moan. (He can't say the same for when he actually manages to collapse on the toilet-seat to relieve himself, but nobody needs to know that.)
“I know. He’s not wrong, but neither is Tony.” Rhodes lets out a deep, exhausted sigh and pulls a phone out of his pocket. Cho hasn’t seen a flip phone in years.
The first time the incident happens, the team–what’s left of it–is training in the Wakandan forests. They’re chasing some kind of animal. Steve’s not sure what it is, exactly, but all of a sudden–out of
"The Accords were all about checks and balances," Tony explains, "the populace wanted us to have accountability, and from the sounds of it-- it's much the same here, right? And it's a fair request. The Avengers had a lot of very large battles. Many of them took place in big cities, which means a high potential for civilian casualties and an even higher chance that our mistakes would become very, very public. And there were, and they did. Angry constituents means angry politicians. Those angry politicians wrote a bill, and because of certain contacts I have, I was clued in. I got involved in the process. I made sure the Accords would be able to be easily amended, and even though we would have to ask permission to cross borders--which we should have done in the first place--signed Avengers would have blanket-permission to access most countries as long as we basically sent a heads-up first. The Accords made it so that a panel of elected ambassadors would choose our missions and where to send us--"
Tony holds back a sob. Once, he might have teased Steve. Once, he might have seduced him with a couple of breaths against sensitive flesh. Once, he might have smirked and flirted and talked dirty, filthy things that made Steve blush even brighter. Once, he might have chased that blush until Steve was easily coerced into doing… more fun things. Once. Not anymore. Maybe not ever again.
Shit. Shit. Shit. Tony is so fucking grateful for those dynamic-dulling nose strips. Without them, Tony knows he would have jumped up on Steve the minute he walked in the room and climbed him like a tree. Or, he contemplates, shucked off all his clothes and presented like omegas did in the old days. Both would have been bad, but
cliffy is my best friend and i'm just gonna hang you off it, k? no? not okay? *cackles* SORRY NOT SORRY i'm so mean really
! Not fat! Who’s told you you’re fat? I’ll rip them a new one, I swear to God… fucking people… insulting a pregnant person…” Steve grumbles and his Brooklyn accent trickles out.
“Which is why,” Steve takes a deep breath and steels himself, “I won’t ask you to let me be apart of the baby’s life. I– I think you’re going to be a great dad, Tony, and I don’t deserve you or the baby. I haven’t treated you right, and I’m going to change that from here on forward. You have my word.”
“I love you too, Tony.” She then looks down at his small, non-descript baby bump and pets it lovingly. “These twins are gonna have the best mom in the world, and the best aunts and uncles, too. They’re going to be so happy, you’ll see, Tony. You’ll be amazing at it. Hell, you’re amazing now.”
Tony holds her hands and tries to communicate with touch that everything's fine. He... he may have a lot of regrets, but not this. Never this. It's okay.
“Mr. Stark, himself, has not been available to make a statement, but we have his word that he’ll–” The woman frowns and touches her headset, “What did you say?” Her face widens into a look of utter horror. “Stan,” she says to someone off-screen, “I need you to re-route to the Avengers Tower.
According to the rest of his impromptu history lesson from his double, Stark has been through the ringer over the last couple of years.
“You haven’t recently?” The gel is cold when he rubs it in, but Tony is calm; his nerves quiet. It’s a nice reprieve.
"Jacey!" Tony's eyes are wide and he's clearly surprised to see her. Jacey sees his belly and feels vomit rise in her throat and has to fight her emotions to keep tears from falling. Luckily, Tony doesn't seem to notice.
pisses her off. She’d seen the goddamn news. She’d seen Steve and Barnes mauling Stark, and that was enough to really get her blood boiling because
, Tony. You were hiding from me, from public view, so that they wouldn’t see the wreck I’d helped you become.”
She gets up to leave and is nearly at the door and freezes when she turns around and meets Tony’s confused expression. Her own eyes travel down to his navel, and her face morphs into abject terror.
It’s fitting life would choose to deal him a hand like this. If this were poker, he’d be bluffing. He can’t do that anymore. Maybe this will be the one that he doesn’t come back from. The one where he and Steve are finally getting somewhere even if they’re biting each other’s heads off to do it. The one where his former teammates have realized their mistakes and come to apologize one by one. The one where he takes Peter on as a protege because the kid needs guidance, but will probably be alright. The kid’s got such a big, bleeding heart. He’ll– he’ll be fine without Tony. They all will be. He’s made sure of it.
Steve is not allowed to use 21st century slang, Tony decides. Even if he is technically quoting someone. Why? Because, quite frankly, Tony Stark is going out of his goddamn mind. It’s just not
Jacey tries to keep a straight face, but she ultimately fails and bursts out laughing. “Oh, Tony… you really… you crack me up, you know that?”
He knows where Bruce is. He’s been in discrete contact with him, so he knows that Bruce could have come back at any time, but he didn’t. Tony knows why he didn’t do that too. Tony knows a lot of things actually. He knows that Bucky is innocent, he knows that Rogers was right about the Accords, he knows where the team is, he knows that Laura is pissed at Clint (she called Tony), and he knows that the Vision isn’t JARVIS. He knows all of that. He does, but it’s still not easy.
"I'm sorry, I-" she whispers, "I- just- I love you so much, you know? And- And- I have to tell you this h-horrible
“...He would’ve seen it, too, if he wasn’t so busy being stuck in the past to look ahead to the future.”
"We knew he'd come -- sooner or later," Tony chuckles derisively. "I'd hoped it'd be much, much later."
“He has what the Koreans like to call ppalgan yeonmu, or angae, for short. A rampant over-production of testosterone and epinephrine caused him to be in a state similar to the end result of rabies in animals: madness and viciousness.”
She walks away and hopes to Hell she didn’t just make a massive mistake. Tony’s not the only one who’s a futurist, after all. She can see, clear as day, that Steve is pining harder than a school girl. She can also see, however, that Tony is giving up on Steve if he hasn’t already.
He’s on bed rest and the few doctors he (kinda sorta) trusts have turned his bedroom into a mini hospital. He hasn’t been to the compound in a week. He wonders if Rhodey’s noticed. He wonders if Cap still has people watching him. Probably. He’s hooked up to more things than he can possibly count. He’s got the chills and the doctors keep saying something about heart palpitations. The coughing is miserable and drains him of any energy he’s got everytime he does it. He feels like a train ran over him. God, he hates his body sometimes.
"That-- that sounds perfect, actually," Steve breathes. A relieved smile covers his once tense face.
“I, uh, I didn’t think you’d want to see me.” Steve’s got a sanguine, charming little grin on his face.
"Well, considering I've just woken up after being most decidedly dead-- yeah, I'm just peachy." Tony laughs a little at the look of horror that passes over Steve's face.
Jacey raises a very judgmental eyebrow and goes into another long fit of laughter. “Twitter,” she says when she stops guffawing for a breath.
Jacey digs her fingers into her legs. “I’m sorry. I know it makes everything worse, but since your bond has mostly been cut off… his physiology is getting used to the bond in small doses, which is why he seems different than before.”
ago. I'm not even in the clothes I died in, what the fuck? And, you have a word like 'incursion'? Asking me if I've been drunk? Like, Jesus, I haven't been drunk since my
She wipes her eyes, bright green shining with mirth and sadness. “You think you’re so funny,” she says flatly.
God, what even…? Tony had asked every doctor about his so-called infertility at least three times because he was still in shock. Luckily, Jacey is sitting with him during one of these times.
. Tony gets the feeling this is going to be much, much worse than Loki's invasion a few years ago. The brunet swallows and breaks out into a cold sweat. They are going to need
Steve’s mouth twists into a self-depreciating and wry grin. “Yeah. I did make it all worse, didn’t I?”
Natasha frowns and watches him. “Stark. You were emotionally compromised. That you managed to function at all is something even the highest trained agents struggle with. You should be proud.”
. That's what got him blown up by his own missile, that's what got Wanda's family killed, it's what got Charlie Spencer killed. No. Tony would rather be left alone -- a verifiable sitting duck -- than let people down.
Jacey just giggles, high on the endorphins of Tony's compiled nest pheromones. "Don't be silly! Steve~ join us!" She smiles broadly and just squishes his face into her chest and smothers him with her arms.
Tony contemplates his life choices. Has a couple of revelations. He learns of loads of new Avengers, and gets a history lesson. Not necessarily in that order. oh what a wonderful world.
He should probably not be letting Steve into his home when he’s five months pregnant, baby bump looking more like he’d swallowed a soccer ball than the pouch it’d be with just one. Probably also not a good idea for an alpha to be in the same room with him because he’s really, really
"Hm? Oh, Steve," Jacey gets a dopey grin on her face and jerks him down to her level. He falls down face first on to her chest and he blushes profusely.
Tony's lips quirk up just a tad and the first responders are trying to attach him to IVs, and heart monitors, but... he can't feel them. He can't really see them either.
Carol is not having the best of days. In fact, she's willing to sound awfully dramatic and cliché when she thinks it's probably one of the worst days of her life. First, her new job at NASA was going pretty well up until today where she gets kidnapped by a psychopathic alien. She wonders if maybe all these goddamn aliens are fucking crazy. Second, said kidnapping did not go well and she had to see her friend Mar-Vell get killed by the alien who kidnapped her. Third, she gets knocked into some weird ass machine that did something and now she feels weird. Fourth, she loses her awesome job at NASA because apparently she's supposed to have some kind of cosmic control over the aliens that attack NASA. And, her supervisors had somehow expected her to be able to deal with said aliens despite her being human. Needless to say, Carol is extremely angry and is writing her complaints in a journal. Maybe she'll turn it in to a book. That'll show those bureaucratic assholes.
“I don’t know. I seriously don’t know either!” He replied in frustration and dropped his face into his palm. He seriously couldn’t believe it was actually happening. Tony actually came back to them. It wasn’t his hallucination. It wasn’t just him, Peter could also see him.
“Tony.” He said. “I think it would be good if you don’t go out of the house, okay? You know, in case something like last time happens again.”
Steve changed the calendar to July and noticed that there was only around two weeks left before the rainy season ended. It made his heart clenched tightly in his chest.
Tony adjusted the hem of his shirt as he waited outside the conference room of SHIELD. The cold and quietness of the place sent a shiver up his spine. Why did secret meeting places always have to be so dim and cold? Why did they have to build it in some underground classified area where proper air conditioning wasn’t even provided?
“Teacher!” Peter called out to their class teacher, Miss Wanda. She was Peter’s favorite teacher. She understood him better than the rest of the staffs. Even his strange behaviors. “Something incredible happened yesterday! It was amazing!”
“It’s nothing. Just a scratch.” He brushed it off. He hung his bag on his shoulder proceeding to walk away from the scene.
“I, no ‘we’ get it, Nick. That Bucky Barnes as the Winter Soldier has caused a lot of casualties and crimes over the past 20 years but I think we get a say on whether we want to hand him over or not. You people have tried for years to capture and bring him in, right? But who are the ones who actually made that happen? Us. The Avengers made it happen. We can handle it even if he escapes or go astray. You don't need to worry.”
"I'm glad you got the Stark issue dealt with. That guy seriously could have put a damper on things if he wanted to," Sam says.
By the time Tony opens the bathroom door and emerges, Steve is fairly certain he's managed to get his treacherous, stupid body under control.
From behind him, Tony hears Clint let out a completely undignified squawk. “Didn’t need to know that, dammit Rogers!” he shouts. Steve looks completely unfazed and unashamed as Tony tries and fails to hold in a snicker.
"Nice to meet you, James," Steve says, holding his hand out to shake. Rhodey reaches out to take it, pumping Steve's in greeting.
“Well aren’t you just the sweetest thing,” she says, leaning down towards him and brushing her fingers against his arm. “Nice guy like you, all alone in a place like this.”
A ring of sparking light opens beside them like the shutter on a camera, and then Dr. Strange is stepping through, looking bruised, bloodied and worn. He drops to his knees beside Tony's prone body, one trembling hand at Tony's wrist, the other pulling up Tony's eyelid to check his pupils.
He smells it, first. The heavenly scent of coffee in the air, reaching him through the heavy down blankets he's piled under.
"You gotta put a quarter in the jar," the child informs him solemnly. Tony sighs, but nods his head in agreement.
"What's wrong with the coffee cart out front?" Rhodey asks, wiping at the little droplet of sweat on his forehead. It's Wednesday, and it's only 11 in the morning but it's already upwards of 85°F. Tony doesn't care, though. Brewed Awakening has air conditioning. And, more importantly, coffee.
Steve needs to be there for him. To help shore him up against that loss. And as much as it breaks Steve's heart, any kind of relationship will have to wait.
"So he can keep it for himself? I don't know about you guys but my memory of what Loki did the last time he had the Tesseract in hand is
"Because all you talk about is how nice Steve is, how generous and kind and friendly, but every time
"Few days," Steve says, giving him a gentle smile. "Almost a week. But you saved the world, Tony. The whole universe."
Steve comes back a moment later with a coffee and a sandwich from the back. It looks like a fairly simple sandwich, but Tony can smell garlic and pesto and something rich in it. Tony takes a bite of his cannoli, watching Casey work his way through his cookie.
. The time that he'd spent with Steve in the pocket world, in Haven, was the first time he'd truly felt safe in longer than he'd care to remember.
Clint scoffs and waves him off. "That's not the same. I didn't know you were into guys, you can't blame me for that."
"Yes, Daddy, I did!" Casey is practically vibrating now, because as sneaky as Tony thinks he might be, his son knows well enough how this is about to go.
“Sorry, I didn’t understand you,” Steve replies, flat tone and wicked grin. Tony rolls his eyes, but swallows before speaking again.
"I'd like to speak to the owner, actually, is there a way I can get in touch with him?" Tony replies, proud of how detached and not-at-all invested he sounds.
"I will be," Tony assures her quickly. "Steve has some VA project thing he's working with Sam on tomorrow anyway, he needs to be up at the crack of dawn. That's why I really wanted to see him tonight."
"Steve, hello," she says, voice trembling a little, as she leans in to kiss him on the cheek. "Are you okay?"
you, Tony, you keep forgetting that, but I know you and I love you like a brother and you have gross romantic feelings for this guy –"
"Thought he was going to have an orgasm, honestly," Clint chimes in. "Hey, we should call the daily brew 'The Orgasm,' 'cause it's so good. And then, next time Tony comes in, you can give him an Orgasm."
Steve reaches for it, but it's too far away. Tony grins wickedly up at him, pushing Steve off and to the side and following straight after so that Steve is lying on his back now, with Tony straddling his hips.
"It's okay, Peter," Steve says, taking pity on him. He instantly understands why Tony likes this young man. He's a good kid, sharp and smart, and he talks a mile a minute.
Tony scoffs. "Sugarbear, you know if I started flirting there'd be no doubt in the room." He ignores the way his heart speeds up and his cheeks go hot. He had
Stark nods. “Trust me, I am intimately familiar with that, and it sucks. I’m going to take that as blanket permission to be as much of an insensitive asshole as I want to be, by the way.” For a brief flash, he looks almost hopeful, like he’s trying to offer an olive branch and he’s hoping Steve takes it.
"You don't get to come back here and make all the calls," Tony growled. Sure, he'd mostly managed to soothe the feelings of betrayal from the last year, but that didn't mean there wasn't still a sting there. It didn't mean Steve could just come back and act as though nothing had happened, as though he were still the leader of the Avengers. There
Steve steps up to the cash register and smiles at the next person in line. Even he can feel that the smile is brittle, tight around his eyes, but if he and Evan can get past this rush, he'll be okay.
"Addiction," Tony says with a sage nod of his head. "Best way to run a business. Why do you think we design smartphones on the side?"
"Well then, I better get you set up in a room for the night. You're not making it back there tonight."
"So you took Casey as what, blackmail? You thought you were gonna get the stone as ransom?" Bucky asks. His voice hardens, and Natasha can see his fist clench.
"Tony, you know as well as I do, the reality was different, different history, different experiences that influenced us, but it was still us. It was still real. Everything we felt was real. You know that," Rhodey says gently.
"Me, too," Tony agrees. "Honestly, she's been a total lifesaver, and Casey loves her." So, Steve thinks, good with kids, and she very clearly has a previous background that lends itself well to kicking ass. She is, quite possibly, the most perfect fit of a nanny that Tony could ask for, Steve is happy to observe. "So you know, if you see her walking around the neighbourhood with him, it's totally fine."
"You won't have your memories," Strange said, glancing at each of the volunteers in turn. "You'll still be you, mostly, but you won't know anything but that reality. You will belong there – you'll have lived lives, you'll have histories, and you won't know anything about this world. You won't know about the stones or about Thanos, or any of us."
"Aw, I'm sorry, sugarplum, you know I'd be yours in a hot minute if you weren't so tragically straight."
"The last time I asked Clint to make us cannolis he told me that not only is he not our personal baked goods chef, he has never made cannolis in 'real life', and the next time I asked he would be shoving Bucky's metal arm somewhere that would change my pitch when I tried to sing the Star-Spangled Man."
Tony shifts up and then back down, easing into a smooth, gentle rhythm, riding Steve slowly. Steve's hands fly up to take hold of Tony's hips, thumbs rubbing tiny circles over his hip bones.
“I’ll have the same, ma’am,” Steve says without thinking. She smiles again, fills both their coffee cups and hurries back to the kitchen with their orders. As soon as she’s gone, Steve realises his mistake in agreeing to come. Now he’s sitting across from Tony, he realises that he’s going to be expected to make conversation, and honestly… he’s not sure he has it in him.
Natasha takes hold of Steve's hand and grips it, pulling it to her cheek and brushing the back of Steve's wrist against her cheek. "Go on," she whispers, eyes tracking up past his shoulder. "I'm okay here. You should be there when he wakes up."
They manage the last few steps, and Shuri is there ready for them. They help Vision up onto some kind of exam table and Shuri sets about setting up a bunch of equipment more advanced than anything Tony has seen. She sets to work, throwing up some of the scans that they'd previously taken of Vision and pulled from Tony's servers, and displays it up on one of the screens beside the bed.
"Tony has a meeting in Rochester with a tech start up in a few days," she informs them. "He said he wants to drive, take the day to see the countryside."
He'd better be. Tony's not sure he'll be able to handle losing Casey again, which is how it would feel if they lose Vision.
"I've been trying to work some healing magic," Dr. Strange says, coming in the door behind them. "I can't tell, yet, if it's working."
"Okay…" he says slowly. A moment later, another green splat appears on a car parked out on the street. And then another. Tony very deliberately sets down his fork, and pats at the corner of his mouth with a napkin. "I am going to pretend that I did not just see that. If you love me at all, you’ll do the same."
Clint, Natasha, and Spider-Man had already been taken to the secondary tents already. Clint had fought tooth and nail, but Bucky himself had dragged him there. Clint had put up a hell of a fight for someone with two broken arms, actually.
"You just thought you could touch him and get away with it?" Bucky steps forward, eyes burning. Natasha doesn't stop him.
Steve shakes his head. "Not if it's a trap, which we think it is. Too many variables, then. They can't subdue Tony if they have to worry about Casey. They'll leave him somewhere safe."
He pulls his eyes away from the dancer and continues his scan of the room. So far, there has been nothing to suggest that anything out of the ordinary is going on. No signs of HYDRA, no shady dealings, not even so much as a belligerent customer. But, the night is young. Steve sighs. At this rate, it’s going to be a long one.
He finds a boxing gym a few blocks away, run by an old, retired tough-as-nails guy named Pinky, of all things, that Steve takes an immediate liking to. He suspects the proximity to the gym is part of the reason that he’d ended up living in the building he had, but he isn’t complaining. He also suspects someone at SHIELD — Fury, in all probability — had had a word with Pinky, because after the third night that he’s there punching bags well past closing, Pinky hands him a set of keys and the alarm code, and tells him to just make sure he locks up when he’s done.
"– because I seriously cannot deal with that on top of everything else right now, okay?" He barrels forward, completely ignoring Steve. "I am up to my neck in R&D for a new initiative that needs to be ready to present to the shareholders in a few weeks which is
Tony had swiped his phone and punched some stuff into it before they’d left the gym the other day, and Steve hadn’t thought anything of it at the time. Apparently, it had been so he could get Steve’s phone number.
Steve actually leads Tony outside onto the sidewalk, and for a moment Tony actually has a sharp stab of fear – this guy is
"Yeah, we should get out now and try and beat it." Tony looks mildly disappointed, and Steve looks at him quizzically. "What is it?"
," Tony says, and his voice shakes even though he knows it's true. "I was only like that with him because of Strange's magic whammy, remember? To protect the mind stone!"
"Tony, I'm okay," Steve promises. "Messy, but okay." Tony doesn't really want to let go, but he has to begrudgingly admit that Steve really does seem fine.
Tony's there, and he's wrestling with Thanos' hand, tugging and pulling the glove until it finally slips free.
As he waits, his eyes scan the room as it gradually fills with more clients. A new act has hit the stage, a dancer who manages to move and twist herself in a way that Steve knows would take incredible strength, training, and discipline, and she does it while making it look seamless and effortless. For a brief moment, he is reminded of the USO girls on his tour, each of them beautiful, definitely, but more strong and graceful. He’d seen the hours of effort they had put into practising their dances and had decided early on that dancing was an incredible feat of athleticism. He’d gained even more respect for it after Natasha had walked him through some ballet basics.
"I said it's different here," Tony says, sharp and brittle. "It's different, it's complicated, and I don't even know how he feels."
Steve stares at him in disbelief through the display. “Do… you have a countdown to when I’m back?” he asks.
Sam's probably right. Steve wants him to be wrong, but as much as Steve thinks he's come to the right decision about telling Tony how he feels, there are other priorities when Tony wakes up. Laying the burden of his feelings on Tony's shoulders isn't fair to him, not when he's already reeling from the loss of Casey. And Steve knows that, as much pain as he's feeling about that loss, Tony's is exponentially worse.
“You set up a deal, take our money, and then set Avengers on us, that’s your plan?”  Steve hears the sound of a clip loading into a gun as the owner continues. “Let me show you just what happens when you try and screw me over.”
"Interesting," Bucky says with a false casualness. "But see, I have a different theory. I think the reason you haven't been around, is that you're avoiding Steve."
"Me, too," Steve agrees. For a second, Tony thinks Steve is going to say something else, but his eyes slide shut and his breath evens out. He's asleep almost immediately. Tony's also tired, but he can't keep himself from staying awake for a while longer, just so that he can look at Steve and savour the feeling of having Steve's warm body pressed against his. It's still unbelievable to him, that this is something that he has in life. A stable relationship with Steve, someone so amazing and incredible, who loves Tony as much as Tony loves Steve. It took a hell of a lot to get to this point, but now that they're here, Tony feels like he's won the lottery every day.
“Yeah. We were. The day you were taken,” Tony says quietly.  A moment later, he feels Steve’s arm settle around his shoulders.
And he vows, at that moment, to make sure that Tony never doubts it. From here on out, Steve can be the brave one – he can make sure Tony knows he's loved, knows what Steve's true feelings are. They have spent too long fighting to conceal themselves from one another.
The main room of the club is in chaos. The patrons have all fled, leaving an empty dance floor, upturned tables, and shards of broken glass littering the floor. All that’s  left remaining are two groups of people, facing off.
"Let's start with something simpler," Natasha says, forcing her body to calm. The jitter in her extremities stops immediately, and she slows her breathing. "Tell us your name."
Bucky shakes his head, but Natasha smiles bemusedly, as though she knows what's coming. Clint barrels on. "He said that after the last time Casey was in, when he was talking to Steve about art and drawing – because, you know, Steve is hanging out with Tony's
"So maybe it's time we thought about… sharing that love. With someone who could stand to see a little bit of that."
Tony watches them, completely oblivious to the passage of time. He thinks sometimes he even joins in on the conversation, though he's barely paying attention and he wouldn't be able to say, later, what the conversation had been about. But Casey and Steve are getting along like a house on fire, and it makes Tony's chest ache.
"This is one hell of an entourage," Tony says as he flies over the battlefield. Thanos himself hasn't arrived – Tony isn't quite sure if he's more, or less relieved over that – but the initial invasion party is… not insignificant. There are a handful of formidable beings; tall, strong, well armed, ordering a literal army of vicious, wild creatures who are throwing themselves at the force field over and over again until one or two manage to make it past just by sheer stubbornness, overwhelming the energy field. They're savage things, fast moving, all teeth and claws hell bent on tearing the Wakandan forces to shreds, and they have the advantage of sheer numbers. But the Wakandan warriors are the best that Tony has ever had the honour to fight beside, which is good. Otherwise they wouldn't stand a chance.
Steve sits in the chair, watching Tony breathe with the aid of a machine, and listening to the steady beeping noises of the heart monitor fill the room.
here, he's not all that nice. He just stares at you, looking all sad. So, did he ask you out and you said no because you're a moron?"
"We'll leave you to it, then," Strange says, turning and leaving the room. Vision goes with him; presumably to head back out to the field to see if there's anyone else they can help.
in the Haven, I saw you with Casey. God, watching you with him? The way you interacted with him? Every day I fell more and more in love with you – watching you with Casey made me want something I never realized I'd wanted. Never thought I had any business wanting."
"Fuck you," the woman spits, her voice thick. She does manage to lift her head and make eye contact with him, but Natasha can see the tiny little tremble in her fingers, tied behind her back.
telling me that, loudly and often. And yet, you continue to go to the coffee shop every day, and every time I talk to you you're telling me about something Steve said or did or how the breeze fluttered his golden-spun hair –"
"Mr. Stark," Natasha greets him with a smile as she puts her purse down on the little table beside the door.
Steve takes the cup back, and Tony only relents because Steve has a coffee pot in his hand to top it off before handing it back. He's still clinging onto the cup like his life depends on it while Steve guides Tony to one of the small tables and sits him down. He can't bring himself to care, because this coffee is restoring his soul.
Jacey bites her lip and starts walking down the sidewalk. It’s a lovely park, really, even if it’s not Central Park. The trees are tall and full, the grass mowed and green, the flowers are in bloom, and it’s peaceful. Quiet.
She hangs up and Tony feels lighter than he has in weeks. She really is a true friend. Tony doesn’t know what he’d do without her. Probably curl up in a ball and wallow.
His next dream is a nightmare. It’s the one Scarlet gave him. He’s awake before Fancy Pants gets there. The man looks smug. He asks more questions. About the Avengers, about Extremis, about the arc reactor, and about JARVIS. Tony never says anything. Well, he’s sarcastic, but that’s it.
"I told you, remember? When Wanda did her freaky mind magic on me? I told you I'd seen the aftermath of a battle far worse than we could possibly imagine."
The days pass slowly, biding their time. That's alright. Tony doesn't mind. There's a peaceful air to the Tower that it's never had before. He's known more joy in this last week alone than he has in decades. He's happy. Blissfully so. He rubs his hand over his bulging belly and stares out his windows to the large city before him. A knock comes at his door and he bids whoever it is to enter.
A rumbling begins and Tony cuts himself off. He looks around the room and his eyes fall on Strange's hair.
He gulps and tries not to think about his leg or Steve. He fixes his eyes overhead and counts slowly.
The news channel is featuring Tony Stark because of course it is. The anchorwoman is talking about everything Tony has done to bring peace back to the people and all the philanthropy he’s shown to the families of victims as well as various charitable organization in the past year. Then she goes on to talk about the changes being made in the Accords and all the amendments that are being enacted.
"Sta-- Tony, everyone was quite clear in their wishes for at least one Avenger to remain by your side. I cannot, in good conscience, run to help them when you are in need of protection as well."
“Well,” she nods, “you did do that. But, you were trying to get me to leave, weren’t you? You pissed me off, and it did work. I guess I’m trying to say– thanks, Tony.”
“I knew that this–” he waves a hand through the air in some gesture “–this was always going to become something that divided us. I knew Steve wouldn’t–won’t–back down from his ideals. That he wouldn’t compromise his own beliefs or think past his stubborn mindset to see beyond–” he makes another obscure gesture “–instead, he fought me. He fought all of us and made it into something I don’t even know if we can come back from it. He can’t choose his battles. He doesn’t know when
Steve tilts down his sunglasses and furrows his brows at Tony. "You were unconscious when we met," he mutters, "you shouldn't know who I am."
God. He should stop thinking about this. All it does is hurt him. His therapist would say that he’s avoiding his problems and his issues; that he’s running away. She’s not wrong, of course, she never is. She’s a lot like Pepper in that regard, and it’s probably why he likes her so much. Jacey… Jacey was kind and thoughtful and understanding. If it weren’t for her, he’d probably still be having night terrors and still be suffering in silence. In all honesty, she’s probably the best friend he has. Sure, there’s Rhodey and Helen… but he can’t talk to them about a lot of things. He tells Jacey everything. He knows that she goes out of her way to accommodate him, and that she does things not necessarily in a strictly professional sense, like she should, but instead she focuses on his emotional state and his well-being. She even gave him her personal cell phone number in case he needed someone to talk to. He memorized the number even though he can’t memorize his own social security number.
“I’m so sorry for– how awful it must be. My best friend– he– I’ve known him for twenty years and I– I get it. It. It’s not easy, right?”
Jacey opens the door and smiles guiltily at her friend who's laid up in bed with fluffed pillows and some TV show playing on low volume. "Hi, Tones."
There are flowers when he wakes. There’s no card and the nurses won’t tell him anything except that, “No, Mr. Stark, you are on strict bedrest. You are not allowed out of this bed.” He thinks they probably get a kick out of it because they always smile these secret little smiles when he tries to ask who the sender is.
And, well, Steve really has nothing to say to that because he had at one point thought poorly of Tony Stark. He also never properly apologized for that either.
. It makes sense, she knows, why Tony's been a little short with her lately. Omegas do have their ways of knowing something is being kept from them. In hindsight, it's probably why Steve and Tony fell apart when they did. Why the fights and the bickering just kept... worsening. She has to tell him, though. This... even though she's not supposed to interfere, and she won't - not really - but this is important and she can't see another loved one die. She can't.
This is my first fic in this fandom-- but i've been a reader since... god. Since 2010ish. NOT my first fic. IDK if Helen Cho is out of character or not. We saw her for, what, 10 minutes? YAY FOR -- what's it called when you can do stuff in fiction that may not necessarily be true IRL? I can't think of the phrase. help me.
“I know,” she whispers, “that it is not Ms. Potts’s because she is not male, nor is she an alpha. As far as I can see, there is only one alpha male on the Avengers team that you were in consistent contact with. You and I both know who that was.”
," he mutters. He leans backwards and scoots as far forward on the couch as he can. He puts a hand down and lifts himself with his legs and hips. Carefully... slowly...
Tony’s eyes fill. All these goddamn pregnancy hormones and Steve’s being… he’s being everything Tony’s ever dreamed about wanting. “I’m glad we both agree you’re an asshole,” Tony snickers and bumps into Steve’s shoulder.
. It’s less extreme for the ula kui mates, the widowed/widowered half suffers from severe bond withdrawal, depression, anxiety, and sometimes a mental collapse (i.e. they slowly lose their sanity), but if treated promptly death shouldn’t be an issue– it can be, of course, but it’s not
As always, comments ARE LOVE AND I SQUEAL AND I LOVE EACH AND EVERY ONE ANDDDDD HEREEE WE GOOOO~! enjoy!
“Whoa… what’s all this about?” Rhodes looks extremely confused and a little disturbed by Tony’s clingy behavior.
Guess what I just found. By complete chance, mind you. so I sometimes like to use a word counter tool for funsies. I just opened that same website aaaand IT HAD SAVED IT. BY SOME MIRACLE. IT SAVED IT. AFTER 5+ MONTHS. i don't even know.
“My, so polite this one! Say, Vision, I am going to be leaving, so do you think you could entertain him for me?”
["SHIT! I'm calling Steve and Strange, right now. I'll call up a midwife I know, too, everything will be fine, okay? Hang in there! Remember to breathe and relax!"] Jacey hangs up and Tony is left alone.
Warnings: some violence, childbirth, lots of pain, TEMPORARY (it's complicated) character death, angst, and whump. The childbirth isn't very graphic, I don't think? But lemme know if anyone needs me to mark it as a trigger.
Stark closes his eyes and folds his hands. “I wanted you to make your own choice. I didn’t want you think that I’d… that I’d hold Pietro against you, so I waited. He’s… he’s still asleep, anyways, and the docs say they’re not sure if he’ll wake up, and I… false hope is... I hoped to spare you if he didn’t–”
Jacey has been noticeably absent. Tony hadn't asked why, though he can guess. She'd said earlier on that she wouldn't be allowed to interfere, and that she'd send Dr. Strange as quickly as possible.
. I don’t think they were expecting all the media backlash from the very, very angry populace that their sole remaining hero had not only been arrested, but also
The man rolls his eyes and sighs. “You can call me Doctor, if you must. Now, first question: Extremis.”
"Vision, you could be the difference between them winning and them losing. It-- if it's not a bad fight, or if you win right away, then you can come straight back here and protect my ass like you want, okay? But, Vis, I just -- I need you to do this. Please."
"Tony," her voice cracks and she sits on the edge of the bed with her back to his face, "I have to tell you something."
Tony jerks his hand away and gnaws on his lower lip, but Steve can’t read the expression on his face.
Tony blinks owlishly at him. “Oh, sure, sure. I get buildings dropped on me everyday; walk in the park.”
Strange looks at Tony in the rearview and his eyes tell Tony that he’s too perceptive. “You’ll probably run into your old team,” the surgeon murmurs.
before you became a Capsicle, but it’s creepy that you just quoted a red-haired singing mermaid without ever seeing the movie,” Tony interrupts, bewildered.
Tony laughs a little hysterically. "Um. No. Probably not? I-- everything's a little numb and I'm pretty sure that's because of all the agony I was in, but at least I'm not in pain now?" He laughs hysterically again.
Have you cried lately? No? Do you have enough angst and feels in your life? No? Well, ladies and gentlemen... allow me to rectify that problem with this overly emotional chapter that I had to cut in half because I got carried away. Here's 4,203ish words of feels and probably an OOC Steve.
“T’Challa,” Steve began as they hustled through the hallways and to an elevator, “has something happened? I wasn’t informed of a debriefing. Doctor Cha’na was supposed to tell you that all the Avengers would get a 24-hour respite after another failed mission. I believe she hoped it would help keep morale from falling.”
“You don’t have to talk, but I just… I want you to listen. Please.” Steve’s head is bowed as he pleads. A throwback to Tony’s entreaty at the start of the war. He doesn’t deserve this chance, he knows. Hadn’t given Tony the same deliberation, but--
Tony can't stop staring at the damn mansion. And he can't help but think about the way this world looks. To him, it's so different. The air-- it feels heavier, like something big is happening and he doesn't know what.
“I just want you to know,” she says and bookmarks the page, “that I don’t approve of this tactic; running never solves anything, Tones. However... I’ll let it go on one condition.”
The kid does and Tony proceeds to hurl in a ditch. “You okay?” Oh yeah. He was… rescued? This guy is the soothingly strange one. “Just. Fine.” He hurls again.
Richards eyes bug out of his head. “Holy shit, this is news to me–to everyone–but, wait, why do you need alpha pheromones to make you feel better?”
"Well." Tony wets his lips and clears his throat, "Maya Hansen originally got the idea from me, even if I
"So, you're telling me-- you're telling me that you're one of these Beings? What the fuck?" His eyes are wide and full of disbelief and denial.
Steve rushes into the Tower lobby and heads for the elevators. He presses the ‘Up’ button aggressively. He has to try to fix this.
Rogers looks contemplative. The soldier sighs and rubs his jaw, “The Wanda here was once an Avenger, and we accepted her despite her past… alliances. It was a good choice. It wasn’t until almost a decade later that she turned into a supervillain.”
“Oh. Well, good. Anyways, he’s collapsed and Ross is pounding on his doors as we speak. This poses a problem, obviously, as Mr. Stark is not even fit enough to move,
P.S. i would like to inform you that Steve may seem OOC. this is because I am angry. and biased. sorry in advance. I'd say go and enjoy but you probably aren't.
“Coffee?” Tony’s ears perk up and his eyes stretch wide open. “Jacey!” He crows, “You are an absolute angel! You are my
“Helen!” Tony chirps happily, his scent immediately going sweeter from the presence of a trusted “pack member”.
"Oh, 'last minute,' he says," Rhodey snorts, "Last minute." The airman stalks over to the two and squeezes in next to Tony.
Holy. SHIT. This is why Tony fell half-way in love with this man. Fuck, he thinks. Fuck. He’d already… he’d given up. Whatever crush or infatuation, or feelings of adoration he had for Steve, he’d
The engineer doesn’t answer. He sighs heavily and rubs his stomach. “I wish I could do it all over.”
The look she levels Tony with feels like a punch to the gut and a balm to his aching soul all at once. He nods and clenches the arm-rests.
“He– I don’t know. You’re right, okay? I was just– I don’t know what came over me, but I had to protect Bucky.”
The plane pulls into the gate and the walkway connects to its side, where the door is. The unfasten seatbelt sign blinks off, and the passengers clamber for their suitcases in the overhead bins, but Tony doesn’t move.
Tony flushes and sputters, "Not- I didn't -" He knocks a book off the bed with his foot. "No! That's not what it -" He puts his face in his hands, the blush spreading to his neck and ears.
By the time Steve receives another call from the tiny flip phone he knows belongs to Tony, it’s not Tony’s voice he hears. Again.
Tony sighs. "I know. It sounds crazy. There I was bleeding out on my own damn kitchen floor during a fucking alien invasion, no less, and my babies crying next to me, and then I shut my eyes-- I die-- and I'm sitting here on a sidewalk in front of my father's fucking mansion that I demo'd
Tony sometimes thought that everything would be better if he'd just never told anyone he was Iron Man.
“Mm?” She turns to him with a smile, while putting a thumb down on the page of the book she’s reading.
“The… other superheroes are there, right? At least, as far as Strange and I can tell, they are. Or were. Should still be, anyways, we’ve got… well, Strange and I found something. It’s big, Stark, and we’re going to need help.”
Yeah. They call this the honeymoon phase for a reason. Tony’s never been this happy in his entire life, and even though things aren’t perfect… Well. For the first time, Tony’s optimistic about the future.
That brow furrows even deeper and Tony has to bite his lip to keep from laughing. "What can I do for you, Captain?" Tony sets his cup on the table and gives Steve his undivided attention.
Steve wrings his hands and looks embarrassed. “I. I liked… I liked what we had. I just wanted you to know that. I thought– well, I don’t think I ever said it, and you were never… you were never just a rut partner to me, Tony. You were so much
The brunet sighed and scrubbed his face again. He wasn’t looking forward to when the little peanut decided to start kicking up a fuss in there. He groaned, oh yeah, that was just going to be fantastic. Omegan male pregnancies were always the most difficult and the most dangerous. There were just so many problems that could arise… they could bleed out during birth, the baby could accidentally kick many wrong spots and even cause some internal damage/bleeding. Tony had read far too many horror stories about alpha babies being born from a male omega and how the baby had accidentally broken a portion of  the omega’s spine during labor. Not to mention how most pregnant male omegas had to go on bed-rest for three or four months. With Tony’s advanved age, he was certain he’d be one of the unlucky ones who had to be on bed-rest for at least five. Plus the vitamins, the pills, and the frequent doctor visits because the probability for miscarriage was so damn high in male omegas, not to mention in older male omegas.
Another nurse came in and told him it was time for another ultrasound. Tony nodded, and if the nurse noticed him flinch everytime the nurse did something with tools, well, he didn’t say anything.
Tony smells coffee and looks up. It appears to be some local place, so Tony gladly steps in to order a latte. He takes a seat outside under one of the umbrella-covered tables and nurses his drink while simultaneously reconsidering all his life choices. And Stark's, because why the fuck not? If he's gonna go for broke he may as well get a much-needed nervous breakdown out of it.
She huffs and stands. She folds her arms and arches back to look at the sky. “If you ever hurt him again,” she threatens, “there’ll be nothing left of you for anyone to find. Do you understand me?” Her green eyes glint in the sunlight and a shudder runs down Steve’s back from her murderous glare.
Steve scrubs his face and lets his shoulders droop. “Let’s head back and see if T’Challa has any news.”
“Stark said? Why has Stark been lying all this time? Why tell me now? Th-this– to not tell me of my brother– I do not understand?”
“N-neither of us knew, then, Cap.” Tony can definitely feel his body start to shut down. He’s getting light-headed and he’s freezing.
She nods. Tony sighs and pulls her in for a hug. She lays next to him, soaking in his scent and warmth and finally drifts off to sleep.
"Where...?" Another contraction hits Tony, and that's when he clues in to the fact that his labor is going to be a terrifyingly fast one. Tony starts to yell and scream with the pain. This one only lasts 60 seconds.
Tony’s eyes lose focus and he can no longer see. He can hear Steve sobbing next to him, somewhere saying everything’s Tony’s ever wanted him to say.
He's horribly disguised, just like Tony, but while Tony realizes their faces are eerily dissimilar, Tony knows who this is right off the bat.
His father's house. The house he grew up in is standing tall right before him and Tony's not sure he can process it. He's not sure that he's processing anything at all, at the moment.
century, but well… she can see there’s no point. “It is unfortunate that it took you this long to consider my advice,” she murmurs.
For God’s sake. He just wants to go back to his tower and sleep in his massive, California-king size bed. He also wants his HD TV that gets more than 50 channels in low-quality resolution. Honestly, it’s like this hospital is living back in the
reviews are my lifeblood and I just want you all to know that I squeal like some kind of dying cat when i get one and then proceed to vomit rainbows. just so we're clear.
Also, please please tell me if you think I'm even a little bit funny because I like to think I am-- but if it's more cringe-y or too corny PLEASE TELL ME it's killin me not knowing if y'all get my jokes or not.
Steve had a minute to process Fury’s words before he paled and could no longer look the man in the eye.
“Oh, Tony,” she says, “I’ve got your vitamins and supplements with me, as well as some alpha pheromones… I thought they might help.”
. Why you decided to be a hypocrite when Tony was spiralling with Ultron. You know just as well as I do that Tony is a
in his life. It's like a water hose or something. He's so, so disgusted with the fluid bursting out of him that he almost doesn't notice a twinge in his lower belly and back.
Steve swats at him and sputters, "Th-that is-- you should't say stuff like that!" Steve's eyes glance down at his chest and his brow furrows.
Carol lets out a sigh. “Let me guess: you want me to claim I wrote everything in a fit of rage–no, of madness–and tell the world that, no, actually, I didn’t mean anything I said; it’s all
"My Steve was convinced that 'the safest hands are still our own'." Tony grits his teeth so hard he can feel bone grinding.
“No! I mean: no, he’s not. We just,” Tony closes his eyes, “we disagreed, and he got angry. It was my fault; I didn’t explain my side well enough. We weren’t even… we weren’t dating, Rhodey, so it’s okay.”
that he had already more than proved himself a hero, if not in his own eyes than at least in the public’s, was massively insulting, and Tony wasn’t going to stand for it. Not anymore.
that are somehow instrumental in maintaining balance. These people have abilities that let them affect and bring change to their surroundings. Merlin, the famed wizard of old, is one. King Arthur was another. Doctor Strange's teacher, the Supreme, was also such a being." She pauses for a moment and twists her hands together nervously.
Well, any alpha in his current state probably would, but Steve especially since he’s the one who knocked Tony up.
The babies are fine, he breathes when air catches in his chest. That’s all he’s got to concern himself with right now. The babies. His beautiful, beautiful babies that are just fine and won’t be leaving him anytime soon. Well, sooner than he’d like because twins always were born earlier than singleton babies. Tony sighed. So, his pregnancy would likely end at about ten months, maybe 9, if the pregnancy articles he’d been reading held any weight to them. Unfortunately, that means he’s likely to go on bedrest next month or at the end of this one. It sucks. He groans and screws his eyes shut. Really, this is the last thing he’d expected to happen. Damn supersoldier serum
, and I was too stupid to see it. So, I wanted to tell you, in case you didn’t know. But, it’s true. I– I know I haven’t really proven it lately, but I thought I should tell you that I do care about you.”
He closes his eyes. When had things changed? That Steve... That Steve would be able to shuck everything they'd been together aside... he doesn't understand. Sure, they hadn't been the best of pals, but they'd known each other for a few years and, about a year ago, during the whole Ultron fiasco—and, man, hadn't
Iron Man had taken a hit directly to the face, and Steve knew it wasn’t the first one. They’d been roughing him up since the Avengers arrived, and now he wasn’t moving. “Iron Man!” Steve yelled again. Silence.
Steve tore open the envelope addressed to the mansion in Sue Storm’s neat penmanship. He’d received a similar letter a few weeks ago in the same handwriting, except that one was smaller and contained an invitation to the Four’s Christmas party at the Baxter Building. All of the Avengers had received the same letter, but Iron Man hadn’t been able to attend. He’d “had the night off,” according to Mr. Sta—Tony. Steve had been disappointed—Iron Man more than deserved every rare break he got, but Steve had (selfishly, privately) hoped that Iron Man would’ve wanted to attend the party with him anyway.
The ship jars again, and Steve has that same instinct in him, the same muscle memory as before that leads him straight to the co-pilot’s seat next to Widow. Hulk and Thor stay standing, having something to prove to each other (or perhaps they just don’t fit in the seats), while Stark and Barton buckle in behind.
They barely land the ship. Steve tucks away his heartbreak for the Iron Man that he hasn’t known because he knows how to do that. Reality or not, he’s a soldier. He knows how to compartmentalize and this band of misfits, as Barton called them, need a leader. Tony won’t have died for nothing. He’ll be sure of it. If there’s one thing that’s felt right to him in this world, it’s here and it’s now. He'll have time to breakdown about Tony later. It doesn't stop his throat from tightening, though.
“You want to do some trust exercises?” Stark says. “Fall backwards. I’ll catch you.” He’s still looking at Steve like that, leering, and for some reason it doesn’t itch at him the way it should. Steve should be annoyed. Stark is clearly every bit the asshole billioniare, but there’s something about him that makes Steve want to grin back, respond,
Steve frowned, dutifully leaning over to glance at the paper. “Yes, of course,” he said. “It’s Iron Man.” Iron Man had suggested they head out after a light skirmish with some of AIM’s goons uptown:
Hawkeye scrambles out of his seat to get a closer look. “That’s a bomb! Abandon ship!” he yells. “I’m going first.”
It had been a pleasant evening, on the whole. Steve’s stomach had been full and the atmosphere had been bright with Christmas lights and gleaming with music and laughter. He wished Iron Man had been there—of course he did; he always wished Iron Man was with him—but that was alright. Maybe next year. Maybe by next year Steve would have had the guts to ask him, and maybe they would be the ones to host the party, and maybe they could even decorate the tree together, and—
“When MODOK’s power damper was destroyed, I called them!” Steve says, raising a finger to point at the Avengers’ quinjet hurtling towards them, and it’s going to be okay.
Steve kneels right next to Tony because there isn’t much room in their makeshift hideout, but Tony definitely isn’t complaining. He does wish that the vent walls were maybe a little closer together. Just enough that he would have an excuse to push his shoulder against Steve’s.
It’s a couple of hours later on the ship and they’ve determined that the image Stark saw when fighting the Squadron was apparently a separate reality. This universe, or perhaps more accurately, this stream of reality, is an illusion crafted by the Reality Stone, which Stark, Falcon, and Thor all declare they have been after. Spectrum has the stone, as the scientist of the Squadron, and their goal seems to be eliminating this group—Steve’s not entirely sure what to call them. Teammates? Partners?
It’s just like crashing his plane, he’s freezing this time around as well, except now there’s no chance of a miracle, and God, he doesn’t want it to be like this, Tony can’t have died just for Steve to fail him, the Squadron is too strong, and here he is, pathetically falling out of a building, fifty feet from death—
Steve privately wonders what Stark is to him in this alternate version of their lives. He’s standing off to Steve’s left, discussing something with Falcon and gesturing wildly at a holographic screen.
They’re heroes in this other universe. They live together in New York City and save the world on Tuesdays. They seem like a family. They seem like they love each other.
“Yeah,” Iron Man said, and then there was a little burst of static, like he was clearing his throat. “You really scared me there, Steve.”
He looks around again, evaluating these villains on principle. He could take them, if needed. They're new to villainy for the most part. Falcon is young and naive. Hawkeye will be an easy takedown without his infamous arrows. Widow will be harder, but he’s prepared to handle her hand-to-hand. Thor and Hulk are definitely stronger than him, so distraction should be the best strategy. Iron Man, on the other hand…
It’s not like they haven’t been this close before. They’ve been closer. Tony has fallen asleep on Steve during movie nights more often than he’d admit, and Cap has carried his armorless body out of countless battles, but  it's never like this.
It all added up, now that he knew. Iron Man was just as brilliant as Tony, his quick-thinking having gotten the Avengers out of one-too-many sticky situations. Tony funded, cared for, upheld the Avengers because he was an Avenger. Iron Man didn’t have a room at the mansion because he didn’t need one. Tony was always sporting black-eyes after their battles because he was the one getting tossed around. And Steve—Steve was so attracted to Tony Stark because he
Steve throws the shield on pure instinct to knock away Iron Man’s gauntlet and a second later he’s giving up his cover, stepping forward into the lit room of the airship to catch it on the rebound.
He thinks maybe Steve has always seen right through him. When he made to disband the Avengers after they rescued Cap all those months ago, Clint and Nat and Thor and Hulk all put it straight down to his ego. Steve was the only one who stayed in the room long enough to ask why.
Steve took a second to take a deep breath, wiped his bloodied hands on the thighs of his uniform, and moved up to his chest. “Alright, Shellhead, brace yourself.” He reached for the edges of Tony’s chest plate.
Iron Man paused. “Take off the armor.” He sounded grim, as if he’d already been through the possibilities and this was inevitable. Then again, gentler: “Cap. I’m going to need—ah.” His breath hitched in pain. “Need you to take the armor off. You know where the catches are.”
Steve looks sheepish. “I may have guessed. When Skull had me - that time he made us switch bodies - you were so good to me, and so worried . . .”
Tony is glad for the interruption. Listening to MODOK talk in any situation is like nails on a chalkboard.
Steve steps closer. “I’ve had my suspicions for a long time. I feel forced to be something I’m not. A lot of things feel wrong to me. I didn’t know who to trust. . .”
Then, finally, a moan from inside the armor. “Cap?” Iron Man said, and that was his voice. That was his honest-to-god voice, no vocal filters in the way. The low note sounded strangely familiar.
Steve dimly registered the news anchor’s voice: “Iron Man carries a civilian to safety, away from the Avengers’ battle with the Wrecking Crew.”
He hears footsteps coming towards him, and quickly pushes his thoughts aside. He turns on the bench to look up at the doorway, wiping a bit of grease off the undersuit. It’s Steve who walks through the door, apparently unsuccessful in getting his uniform back from Clint. The Crossbones outfit does wonders for his body. Tony imagines peeling him out of it.
Steve is going to be lost to the ocean again - and Tony didn’t even realize that. Being here can’t have been easy for him. Captain America lost his first life to the water, and now he’s going to go under again. He can’t hold on to Steve any longer without the added strength of the armor. He tries, but the wind wrenches Steve out of his grasp, and they’re both falling backwards, down, back to the water.
The heavy hitters, clearly Hulk and Thor, will distract part of the Squadron. Widow and Hawkeye will sneak into their tower. Steve’s mapped out all the right vents and hallways to get in unnoticed. Once they’ve found Spectrum and therefore the Reality Stone, Falcon will fly Steve in directly to meet up with the other two and they’ll take it from there.
“I’m betting my life on all of you,” Tony responds loudly, over the ticking of the bomb. “There’s no time to defuse it right now, and we’re not letting civilians die. I know you’re all heroes. Prove me right.” His jaw is set and his face is resolved into something determined. That’s stubborn Tony, Tony who’s not going to change his mind. He puts the faceplate down, and before Steve can grab him or tackle him to the floor or
—that could’ve meant anywhere in his abdominopelvic cavity. He pulled at the catches, lifting the plate as slowly as he dared.
There’s some screaming and yelling. Steve punches Tony and then winks. Red Skull breaks the submarine with his trident.  Tony drops some specifically worded comments and the entire cabal turns on each other. Tony gets his armor back. It’s almost too easy.
Suddenly, the ship jerks, jolting Steve out of his own thoughts, and it turns out that Nighthawk has acquired a jet and is now aggressively and quite excessively shooting at them. That confirms that theory, then. The Squadron is certainly eager to get rid of them.
“Steve!” Iron Man clanged into the room, raising a hand in greeting. “I checked the library for you but you weren’t there. Figured you’d be here instead.”
Steve’s blood ran cold. His hands flew over the catches and he pulled off the neck plate first to reveal a deep gash on tanned skin. He could hear Iron Man gasping for air, relieved. He checked that his body was shielding Iron Man’s from the press behind them—it was, thank god, and he moved to the faceplate next. It was dented badly around the nose and mouth area, metal pressing downwards. Remarkable that Iron Man could still breathe.
Iron Man gestured to the TV and the coach groaned under his weight as he took a seat next to Steve. “I, uh. Stark finished up a prototype for the company and decided to call it a day. Set me free, too.”
He picked the newspaper, ignoring the words in favor of the photograph. It was black and white: Captain America was on his knees, stars and stripes on the back of his uniform hunched over Iron Man’s body, shield discarded upside-down behind him. Only Iron Man’s legs were visible, but Steve could see the pieces of the armor he’d flung off scattered around them in disarray.
Tony doesn’t know what’s coming but his heart is beating fast in his chest and well, if Steve calls him, he’s going to go.
The group turns to gape at him (except for Stark, who just smirks) and the first thing Steve notices as he scans the room is that Stark is
He throws it inhumanly fast—faster than even Steve himself could throw it—and so hard that there’s no time to move. The shield hits him square in the center of the chest and sends him flying backwards, but there’s no wall behind him because the windows are shattered. He’s accelerating fast towards the cement. There’s no way he can survive a fall from this height. His skull will crack as soon as he makes impact, and he’ll be dead minutes, if not seconds, after.
got to see enough of Tony, but that was alright. He had Iron Man right here next to him. He couldn’t ask for more. “How about we watch High Noon, like you wanted?” he said, and didn’t need to see Iron Man’s face to know he was smiling.
But Steve can’t fly. He grits his teeth. There has to be a better solution. One where they all survive.
Steve didn’t let himself stop. Didn’t respond. He let his training carry his hands to the abdominal plates. He would worry about Iron Man—
Tony and Steve share a look. “Twenty thousand leagues under the sea,” Tony says, “reevaluating their partnership.”
Steve sighed, setting the paper on the empty dresser. He should have gotten flowers, he thought stupidly.
Sam hasn’t yet recovered from Hyperion’s hit so he doesn’t see Nighthawk flying towards him. “Falcon!” Steve yells, trying to get his attention, but it’s no use.Nighthawk whips four gold stars at Sam, lightning-fast, and three of them bounce harmlessly off of Sam’s armored wings but the last one slices into his abdomen as he doubles over, coughing and groaning.
Tony hates that look. “Look, I admit it. If you hadn’t come up with this plan to infiltrate the cabal, we never would’ve learned how serious this was getting,” he sighs.
He steps towards the center of the room, where Spectrum’s contraption still stands. There’s a hole in the center, shaped perfectly to fit the stone, so Steve pushes it gently inside, and he can see—
civilian into a building. After that, he remembered Thunderball getting one good hit in, and then nothing.
He let himself imagine it briefly: Iron Man, worried. Iron Man, carrying Steve like a damsel. Iron Man’s metal gauntlets clutching at Steve’s face, grabbing his hand in his own. Iron Man pulling them off, to dig his real fingers into Steve’s shoulder. Iron Man rumbling,
Steve grinned and offered Iron Man the remote. “Not much is on right now. I was thinking we could watch—”
“How cute,” Jan said. “Might have to save this photo for the anniversaries.” She tilted the paper further towards Steve. The printed article wasn’t even about either of them, but rather the trouble some AIM members had gotten into and the collateral damage they had done to the city buildings (which was obviously all paid for by Mr. Stark, bless his heart). Still, Steve’s eyes lingered on the photograph Jan was indicating.
"I've got you," Clint murmurs, and then there are a couple of silent shots. "Can't get a clear shot on the others."
“Sir, Captain Rogers is outside the workshop. He seems hesitant to request access.”  Tony’s heart leaps and then plummets, adding to the roller coaster of  feelings he’s already got riding around his stomach.
The footsteps stop and Steve looks up to find a man who, at first glance, looks so much like Howard, Steve does a double take. But on the second look, he realises that no, while this man is clearly Howard’s son from the way he looks, the way he stands – cocky, confident, like he owns the room – he’s very clearly his own unique entity. There is something about his presence that draws Steve in immediately. Steve isn’t quite sure how to feel about it, can’t really tell if it’s a good thing or not as he rises to his feet and meets the man’s intense gaze.
"But. I can't. I can't not be home. It's not possible. Casey – he – you don't understand, he's never been alone overnight before.
"If it's not as good as the stuff you make in Brooklyn, you and I are going to have serious problems."
First, his mother, then Bucky. Then himself and the idyllic life he'd wanted with Peggy. Then it was Bucky again, Peggy had died, and then he'd lost Tony.
"Steve's magic coffee won him over," Clint adds from where he's now climbed up onto the counter to pull down spare bags.
He still misses Ru, of course, but he'd made a promise to her, as he'd held that tiny, undersized boy in his arms. He would protect Casey with his life. Nothing mattered except Casey.
“Wow. What a strong, definitive answer,” Stark says, deadpan, a playful twinkle in his eye. “You feel like sparring?”
"I can go really fast, Daddy!" Casey says, squirming until Tony has to put him down, laughing, and then running at full speed down the hallway toward the bathroom.
It takes almost no time for him to remotely connect to his servers, and share all the data they had collected from back when they were searching for the tesseract, and from when they had been working on the Ultron project before it went sideways. From there, it takes Shuri very little time herself to do her thing and set up the scan to search for Vision's unique energy signature. Unfortunately, once it's started, there isn't a hell of a lot for any of them to do except sit around and wait for something to ping.
Tony can't help it. He's so caught off guard by the ridiculousness of it that he bursts out laughing – wild, braying guffaws.
“He didn’t think you had,” Stark says, shoulders stiffening fractionally. “But he wanted to bring your body home. He figured you deserved that much. You’re welcome, by the way. You know, for finding you.”
"Name's Fred," the man says as he grabs a pocket flashlight from his hip and shines it into Tony's eyes. "Anything hurt...?"
Tony follows after, eyes tracking the shop all over. Steve's at the counter, wiping it down. It's fairly quiet – late for the morning rush and early for lunch, so there are only a few people inside, and there's no line.
He knows that Sam sees the truth on his face, because Sam gives him a sad, sympathetic smile. "Yeah. I'm sorry, man. It's not fair."
The sound of it breaks Tony's heart all over again. He wonders how much pain he's expected to sit through before Thanos comes and puts him out of his misery, already.
“Except you pretty clearly weren’t,” Stark points out. “Unless I really have gone off the deep end and I’m imagining you. Which, okay, definitely a possibility, but probably not.”
Steve take a step back, trying to stay out of the line of fire until he can come up with a halfway decent plan. He only manages a step and a half before he hits something.
funny. I like you. I’ll be right back with that drink, handsome.” As she leaves, she somehow manages to find and excuse to touch his arm again, her slender fingers and long nails lingering too long and squeezing his bicep too tightly.
He goes after the HYDRA leader, facing off with him in a fighters stance. Steve’s pretty sure he recognises the guy from SHIELD, but can’t put a face to the name. The man eyes him, and then sneers with a harsh laugh. “Captain America, caught with your pants down. How embarrassing for you.” With a snap of a movement, he goes to reach for a gun, but Steve is still faster. He rushes into the man’s space, and in one quick movement, has the man disarmed and is trying to wrestle him into a hold. The man manages to break free, but judging by the hiss and the crack, it costs him at least a fractured wrist. Steve can’t say he feels sorry for the guy.
A surge of irrational anger and resentment wells up inside him, and the implication that Stark feels he’s
Natasha lingers behind a moment, looking from Clint over to Bucky. "Don't worry, alright?" She says to Bucky in a low voice, and nods over to Clint. "He's going to be my new best friend, nothing more. Besides, he very clearly has eyes for someone who
After a moment he nods, pulls his hand back and stands. He turns and sees what she'd been looking at past him – Bruce is on his way through the med tent, checking on people as he goes but definitely headed for Natasha's bedroll.
"Uh huh. Sure you are." The man said, clearly not buying it. "You boys look like you got yourselves in a right mess. What happened?"
Tony groans, and hides his face against Steve's shoulder. He does not want to be awake. He does not want to move. He wants to lounge in bed and doze with Steve as his pillow. But JARVIS insists. "May I also remind you that it was you who insisted on the meeting being moved to this morning,"
at the feeling, and Tony can't help but wonder what he would have to do to make Steve make that noise again. Something fun, this time, maybe. Sucking a bruise into Steve's clavicle, maybe. Rolling one of those pert little nipples between his fingers. He wonders what noise Steve would make if Tony dropped to his knees and swallowed him down to the root – he hadn't done it in years, of course, but he'd learned to suppress his gag reflex pretty well. It's probably just like riding a bike.
"What? Tony, no," Steve said with an abortive step forward. If Tony didn't know better, he'd think Steve actually wanted him around here.
“Well it’s not like we have anything better to do,” Tony snaps. “But you’re right, if you want to leave, I won’t stop you. Have fun and don’t let the door hit you on your way out.”
Apparently Steve's understanding of 'swiftly' is not the same as Thor's, because two days later, Tony is still unconscious. He's got an IV in for nutrition and hydration, but other than that he's not really hooked up to any other life-saving machines. Monitors ensure that his blood pressure and heart rate remain steady, but Tony is the one keeping himself alive now.
because nothing is going to happen. His mind can wander down that path all it wants, but it's looking at a future that is never going to happen. One that he'll never have.
Tony blinks at him. "That's a great idea!" he says, and Steve beams at him. "You could go down there in uniform, boost some spirits. Hell, we could all go. I could start a separate foundation, maybe – MSF is more about relief efforts but something for orphans specifically might be nice."
Casey to grow up like he had – with a silver spoon shoved so far down his throat that he choked on it when he hit his rebellious teenage years.
Natasha had said to take Casey home, that she would 'take care' of the woman who had taken Casey. Tony doesn't know exactly what that means – he mostly hopes it means Natasha would call the police and stay with the woman until they arrived, but if it meant something else, Tony's not even entirely sure he'd give a shit.
Tony needs to stop thinking about Steve in a romantic capacity. Not only had they gotten off on the wrong foot, but Tony doesn't have time for romance. He hasn't had time for romance since Casey was born – that was the deal. Honestly, he's a little surprised at how easily he'd managed to develop feelings. Rumiko had been the love of his life. Since the moment she was gone, he hadn't thought he even
"Ms. Potts," Steve says, his voice steady. He gives her a deferential nod of his head, and even as he's doing it, he realizes that he's made a seriously grave error in judgment.
"Ooh," Tony hisses between his teeth, reaching a little further behind the stove. "What am I late for?"
Steve nods. "Yeah. His little boy is four. He's a single dad. He's a bit protective, worries a lot about his kid."
They hadn't intended to have children, of course. They'd both been more concerned with their careers, with bringing Stark Resilient into the spotlight, with investors and research and development and networking. But they'd been careless enough to think they were untouchable, and gotten pregnant because of it.
a bit small, but how much space does a coffee shop really need, anyway? He pulls the next file open.
"You've got so much here," Steve tried. He stepped closer, brought his volume down so the two of them weren't so easy to overhear. Not, Tony mused, that the other Avengers wouldn't be listening in with everything they had.
“The team.”  Steve opened his mouth to reply, but Tony cut him off. “Yes, the team. They are unbearable, Steve. Insufferable. Ever since last night.”  He returned to his work, double checking the knots before tying one end around the leg of the ancient wardrobe. God, he hoped it would be heavy enough. Gathering the bundle of tied-together sheets, he dragged them across the room and threw open the window.
"Of course!" Clint crows. "The colour relates to how maple-y it is. I want the darkest stuff 'cause it's got the strongest maple flavour, and it'll be the best for baking. Ohh – I could try out that maple walnut bundt cake I was thinking about. Anyway, the stuff's expensive, generally, but the quality is worth it. So it would be awesome to get a line on some more affordable stuff."
"You don't think the lemonade is enough of a treat?" Tony asks, keeping his voice light. Not that he doesn't have every intention of getting them something out of that case, but he doesn't want Casey to realize how spoiled he is.
Tony tries to get it back, but it's a lost cause. The car careens off the road, hits a windrow, and rolls into the ditch. It happens so fast that it's over before Steve knows what's happened.
, it doesn't make any sense! They sent you all here to protect the stone, why did they think you'd have time to raise a pretend kid?"
He's already familiar with available commercial real estate in the neighbourhood, so it's blessedly easy for him to pull up a shortlist of viable locations. One of them even already has a half kitchen built into it, so renovating would be easy. He keeps half an eye on all of his incoming e-mails as he throws together a portfolio of proposal overviews, highlighting the pros of each place. He can conduct multi million dollar business negotiations in his sleep, surely he should be able to sell a coffee shop owner on the benefits of one of these alternate locations.
"Agreed," Bucky says. "And speaking of not being able to lose people… " He nods over to the door, and Steve looks up again just in time to see Tony walking in with with a redheaded woman. She stands placidly, like she could be just any old person on the street, but there's something in the set of her shoulders and the way she's sizing up the shop, its exits, and every person inside in seconds that Steve recognises. He's not sure if she's military, exactly, but she's certainly no stranger to the habits. She's beautiful – maybe a girlfriend? He doesn't think she's Casey's mom, Tony had mentioned being a single father. Steve is suddenly filled with a hot burst of jealousy, which is stupid, because he absolutely doesn't think of Tony that way at all.
Tony smiles and waves to all the marvels of technology around them. "You've figured plenty out that I haven't even dreamed of. When this is over, trade notes?"
"You know what, Case? I think Steve's right. You can choose one of those cookies at the bottom there for a treat to go with your lemonade." Tony ignores Casey's excited squeal, barely pausing for a breath. "And then you're going to go and burn off at least 78 per cent of that sugar at the playground before you even think of coming home with me."
Bucky had taken the phone from Steve's limp, shaking fingers, and Steve could hear him talking to Tony, but it had been like listening to a conversation underwater. He couldn't quite make out the words, and the volume kept shifting up and down.
Tony bites his tongue to keep from making some comment about how beautifully well that's working out for them. There's no place for that, and they really are trying. "Alright," he says instead. "What's your name?"
"Turn around, Case!" he yells, and Casey doesn't even hesitate. He's so good, such a good kid, Steve thinks wildly, and as soon as Casey's turned around, Steve unloads the rest of his clip into the guy.
Casey nods his agreement, and presses his face against the display case. "Is that one new?" Casey asks, pointing out the maple glazed apple crisp cookie.
They drop their dishes in the kitchen and drag themselves towards the bedroom, stomachs full, and take some time to reacquaint their bodies to one another. Afterward, they snuggle in close to each other, Steve's arm draped around Tony's waist as they face one another.
He hobbles down the corridor after the chickenshit goon, and there's a door open at the end of the hall. He wonders if that's where Casey is, if the bastard had disappeared into that room, and then –
"Let yourself get close?" Bucky finishes. Tony nods, and Bucky continues. "Yeah, Steve is having the same struggle. He's head over heels in love with you, too, and he's too blinded by fear to see that you feel the same."
"Yeah," Tony says, feeling some of the trepidation melt away, as if Steve's solid, reassuring presence can disperse it all. "Okay. Let's do it."
"That leaves the Soul stone unaccounted for," he said, tone commanding. "All we know is that it isn't on Earth."
Steve heads back to the kitchen, leaving Clint and Bucky to give each other knowing looks up front in peace. He knows what they're thinking – and yeah, it's been a while since Steve's had any interest in anyone, but they don't need to make a big deal out of it. Besides, Steve's
"You know, if I hadn't seen your service record with my own two eyes, I'd never believe that you used to be elite spec ops."
“Come on, you made that easy, you left yourself wide open,” Stark taunts good-naturedly. Steve quickly decides it’s best not to underestimate Stark. He lunges forward and tries to land a hit of his own. Stark blocks the first two, but Steve is fast enough that Stark can’t keep up and the third finds its mark, hitting hard enough across Stark’s jaw to turn his head, and definitely hard enough to sting a little. Steve is about to step back and give Stark some space, when he feels the wind being knocked out of him as the other man delivers a hard uppercut. Steve grunts and takes the blow but before he can respond, Stark steps past him and turns, driving his left elbow back and stopping only an inch from Steve’s face.
“Roger,” Steve laughs softly. Tony’s stomach does a little flip. Doesn’t matter that they’ve been together for a while now, long enough to settle into a comfortable rhythm with each other. Steve’s smile and Steve’s laugh still make the butterflies in his stomach do their best impression of a cyclone.
"No, it's not – you two barely even knew one another before that. So how is it that, now we're back, you guys can just pick up where you left off in the Haven? It wasn't
"The orphanage on 43rd Street is at full capacity after the thing with Ares," Steve says, his tone suddenly somber. "They're having to shuttle a couple of kids out of the city."
Steve gives Rhodey a look at the low blow, but he also knows it's true, so he resolves to make an effort.
"You should go, Steve," Natasha says from her bedroll in the med tent when he stops to check on her.
Before they can get any further into it, Tony is hit by a sack of super-powered teenager, wrapping impossibly strong arms around him in a hug that Tony absolutely refuses to enjoy.
“Bad time?” A voice calls, and Steve quickly turns to see, surprisingly, Tony Stark standing there, watching him carefully.
"Don't worry about it, Stevie," Bucky says, patting his arms. "She's alright, that one. Congrats on your new BFF, Clint."
By the time Tony gets out to Brooklyn, he's in a truly shit mood. It probably would have been smart to delay what's about to come next, but he's running out of time. The core of the renovations have wrapped up and they're working on details, paint and interior now. He's got to get the shop moved before they start loading stuff into the new space, or he's not going to have a chance of succeeding.
Steve must see it on his face, because a moment later, he offers a soft “I love you,” which really means “thank you.”
Found guilty of treason, tax evasion, and trafficking, Stane wouldn't be seeing the light of day from outside prison walls any time soon.
Tony lets his head drop back onto the pillow behind his head, looking balefully at Steve above him. "I
“You should be the one to do it because I asked you to do it, and it needs doing,”  she says. “And because I can’t.”
Rhodey grabs hold of Tony's forearm, stopping their progress again. He tugs until Tony is facing him, and Tony wants to look away because they're about to have one of their 'feelings' moments and Tony's already feeling awkward and uncomfortable.
to not notice how attractive the guy is, but that's all it is. Tony just has eyes. It's not a big deal.
He'd tried not to look, he really had. It had been an accident. But he'd seen it anyway – Steve's perfect, heavy muscles glistening with the bathwater. Little pink nipples and rippling abs and thick, corded thighs. At least he'd managed not to sneak a peek at Steve's dick, as much as he wants to know what it looks like.
He tries to think about the evening with Tony and how he’d felt alive. He tries to use it as an anchor to ground himself, to hold onto a positive memory that he’s formed here in his ‘new life.’ But it feels false. Sure, at the time it had felt real and true, but the reality is, Tony’s just nice to him because he feels responsible for Steve. Hell, he all but said as much the first say at SHIELD when he told Coulson that he wanted to take Steve, reminded him how SI was the reason Steve was even found in the first place.
For a fleeting moment, he contemplates why Tony would reach out to him, of all people, in the middle of the night, but he doesn’t have the energy to pursue that thought. The cool night air might be refreshing, but his head is still a fuzzy mess and he’s not thinking much beyond ‘walk.’ So he shelves the thought, but it’s still sitting there prominently, just under the surface.
"Well, hell if I'm gonna let you all go to the Matrix dimension without me," said Sam. "That's not gonna fly."
Several days after Tony showed up with Casey, Steve is still thinking about it. Seeing Tony and Casey through the shop window heading down the sidewalk had been one thing, but seeing them interact in person had been something else entirely. Casey had been more adorable than Steve could have ever imagined – bright, excited, polite, funny, endearing. And Tony... Tony's incredible with his son. It had been clear since the first day he'd met Tony that Casey was the most important thing in the world to him. But it's more than just being a protective parent. Tony loves Casey with every fiber of his being. He has Casey up on a pedestal and will do whatever it takes to lay the world at his son's feet. Steve figures all parents are like that to a certain extent, but there's something special about watching Tony and Casey that made Steve's heart burst with respect and affection.
"Sandi is right here with me," Clint tells him. "She's going to call Angela and Mike to cover. I'll call Sam and bring him with me, Tony's gonna need him. Is Nat texting me the address?"
Surprisingly, it does get easier after that. Every morning, Tony makes a point to find Steve and ask him what he dreamed about, or what he thinks he remembers. Steve starts asking a lot more questions, and Tony is only too eager to fill in the blanks.
"If he goes, I go," Natasha said, looking between Tony and Steve pointedly before shooting a slightly apologetic look back at Bruce. Bruce just gave her a sad smile and a nod.
He had managed to keep himself from getting a humiliating erection by the skin of his teeth earlier, when Tony had been helping him in and out of the bathtub. He'd gone over inventories and baseball statistics in his head, over and over again, trying not to think about Tony's beautiful, elegant hands on him. Tony's shockingly well-defined shoulders and biceps.
"Where's – where's my daddy?" Casey asks through sobs. "The lady said – the lady said he was hurt, is he – is Daddy okay?"
After all the months of dancing around each other, the months of snark, and avoiding each other, and then of spending every waking hour possible around each other, there had been a date. And Tony, who’d assumed that his day of getting excited about first dates was a thing of the ancient past, found himself feeling like a teenager all over again.
Then, Tony starts bringing Casey in more often, when he can get out of work early and that's just even more wonderful.
"Yeah, well, I've been... busy. You know how it is," Tony shrugs. "The DoD thing, it's really got us tied up. And now there's the new thing from that meeting last week. Lots of stuff on the go."
Fumbling, he pulls the little device out of his pocket, hands shaking. There on the screen is a notification that he has a message. From Tony Stark.
They need a better plan. They need some way to weaken him, to slow him down. But with the gauntlet he's stronger than anything that they've prepared for, and they're still fighting off the swarm, too.
He glances over to the counter, and Steve is standing there, watching them. He seems to be wringing a dish towel in his hands.
Steve stares at him, and Tony stares back, for several long beats. Then Tony is pressing forward, lips sealing over Steve's, and this time the kiss is hot and rough, lips slick and tongues sliding together.
Steve called after Peter, saying he’ll catch up with them. Peter gave a wave, smiling, and soon disappeared among the mass. Steve followed them at a steady pace at first. But as he walked further into the crowd his body started to heat up, his head getting dizzy and a nauseous feeling in his stomach. He staggered into the crowd and soon felt himself becoming short of breath, sweat dripping down his face. The crowded atmosphere sucking the air out of him.
“You really like that teammate of yours, don’t you? You’ve been talking about him every time. Even back then when you were taking me back here. You kept telling me how ‘Tony did that’, ‘Tony did this’.”
Tony mentally face-palmed. “I thought you were gonna ask me something serious. You got me all worked up for nothing.” He says with an amused pout, giving the blond a light punch on his shoulder.
“Tony, are you crying?” Steve asks but Tony quickly shook his head. He sighs. “I don’t care about all of that anymore. You have already apologized and honestly I’m happy with you just talking to me like this. I missed you, Tony.”
Yes. Steve didn’t know. If he did, he’d have already done something about it a long time ago. He would have already mended the bond he had with Tony. The bond that had somehow crumbled along the years.
Even looking away from the gaze Tony could feel the intensity of it boring down at him. He let out a frustrated groan, ruffling his already tousled hair. Then he sighed, whipping his head around to face Steve.
Coming at him like a huge meteor hitting the dam of his locked up feelings. The over flowing affection and want he felt for his best friend all burst out in an instant and at that moment Tony knew he was in love with Steve Rogers.
“I feel bad for Peter.” Steve said out of nowhere as they entered Bruce’s office. He looked pretty depressed.
Tony looked back. His face crunched up into an annoyed expression. He was totally pissed off but didn’t speak, silently glaring at his ‘friend’.
They reluctantly pulled away when they began to run out of breath and stared at each other lovingly, smiling. Tony buried his head on the alpha's chest, his smile growing wider when he was embraced by big, strong arms.
“Hmm, you also seemed like you don’t like anyone whether they were girls or boys, alpha or beta. You don’t seem to have any interest in love other than your love for inventions. But I like that part of you too. I was just happy getting to have a seat next to you. Other than a simple greeting like ‘hi’ or ‘hey’ we didn’t talk much and we stayed like that until we eventually graduated. Through a recommendation I was accepted into a college close to home and you…went to MIT.”
They had almost believed him, giving him concern and worried looks, if it weren’t for the suppressed laughter from Steve that ruined it all.
“Hmm, I guess you can say that.” He replied honestly. That made her a bit annoyed. A sulky expression adorned her face as she continued her work.
“I see the way you look at my Steve. It’s so fucking clear that you’re in love with him.” Bucky sneered at him making Tony eyes widened in horror. “You are, aren’t you?”
“A very good morning to you, Steve my boy. We just got a new request for two table sets urgently. I want you to get started on one right away if you can. Tell one of the workers to work on the other set.” Mr. Smith said as he went around his workshop, supervising the works. He was the owner of the shop called 'Mr. Smith & sons' and was the one who gave Steve his much needed job years ago. Teaching him the ropes.
"We've all got combat experience, and the three of us had plenty of spec ops experience," Bucky says.
“I-I don’t know.” Steve looks around and shakes his head, almost as if he’s shaking off a daze. “I don’t know why I came here.”
Steve is leaning over the counter, grinning down at Casey, and the look on his face is adorable. Tony can't help but puff his chest out a little bit – his kid is really, really cute, and he always feels proud when someone else notices it. When Tony had first walked in with Casey, Steve had smiled that bright sunshine smile at him, and then glanced down at the little dark haired boy holding his hand, and his face had almost melted. When Tony had introduced him to Casey, Steve had gone so far as to lean all the way over the counter so he could shake Casey's hand properly. Casey had looked as though he'd just met a prince.
cannoli.' And I thought, seriously, he can't know for sure that Tony is coming in today, can he? Except turns out he
Tony's little sojourn out to Brooklyn means that he has to stay up even later to catch up on Stark Resilient work after Casey's in bed sleeping. He falls asleep on the couch with his tablet in his lap at around five. He gets Casey off to school, glaring daggers at the renovations at Brewed Awakening Jr., then drags himself to his office. He deals with a few shareholder memos he'd rather not deal with, looks over fourth-quarter projections to put himself in a better mood, then starts working on some of the
"Good to see you, too, Parker, but you're in space," Tony says. Peter immediately backs off, looking chagrined, and Tony wishes he'd let the boy hug him a little longer.
"Good news, boys, I think we've found him," she says, pulling up a holo display of a map. "And we're lucky, he's not far. And even better than that, it looks like he's smack in the middle of the Sahara, so the chances of anyone else having found him are low. And –" a couple of keystrokes "– I've patched the coordinates through to Strange to get him. He'll be back here in minutes."
heroes. But instead, you're just sitting here, cooling your heels and playing house, like the world isn't ending out there."
"Of course not. We can always grab something along the way, or back in the city. New York – always something open."
"All too well," Steve agrees, and takes a look at the list. "I haven't met Sandi, but I think all the others I've crossed paths with at the VA."
What he wants, what he wants right now more than anything, is to just have fucking died in that plane like he was supposed to. He’d made his peace with that. And at least if he had died, he wouldn’t have to feel like
Tony curls himself up against Steve and thinks of a bright eyed boy, face pressed against the glass of a cookie display. He thinks about the drawings stuck to a fridge, and an excited little voice telling him all about art that Steve helped him with. He thinks about the three of them together, tucking Casey in and sitting with him, watching him, the night that he was taken. And he thinks about what they never had the chance to experience — movie nights with popcorn and blankets, Casey snuggled between them. Saturday mornings with waffles, and afternoons in the park. He thinks about what that would be like, not with Casey, but with another bright eyed child who's right now sitting, lost and alone, desperate for a place to belong and people to love them. The idea of it warms his heart, makes his chest ache in the best possible way.
"I think–" he ends up not having to explain, because Barnes is tearing across the space with all his impressive super soldier speed and launching himself at the weapons cupboard. A second later Bucky ditches his practise weapons in exchange for some other gun. He's popping a modified clip in and firing. Clint tries to dodge, but ends up with a bright orange splotch on his pants.
Casey looks at him with wide-eyed wonder. "Can you show me how to draw more stuff?" He asks, bouncing in his seat.
"Thanks, Nat," he says softly. Then he takes a deep, trembling breath, and heads off toward the palace's emergency medical centre.
"What? Whoa, no, Steve, buddy," Rhodey interrupts, looking stricken. "You can't possibly think you could have – that's like saying
After the third bite, Steve slows down and sighs happily. "Sorry, I didn't realise how hungry I am," he apologises. "I kind of have a weird metabolism."
"Um.. can you come and pick us up in the morning when the roads are clear? I don't think my car is going to make it back to the city. Or anywhere, really. Got a tow truck coming to dig us out in the morning, but we'll need a lift back home."
"Is – is Mr. Stark gonna be okay?" Peter asks, and he sounds so young that Steve almost wants to gather him up into a hug, the way he would if the kid
Steve sighs, pouring Tony's customary coffee and pulling a cannoli out of the case for him. The cannolis, as well as most of the other pastries in the case, Clint had made the previous evening in the Brooklyn kitchen. "My oven's broken," he says. "I've just spent the morning trying to fix it, and I don't think it's working out. In fact, I'm pretty sure I'm just managing to make it worse. I've had at least a dozen customers who came in here looking specifically for cinnamon buns, because apparently everyone knows that Wednesday is cinnamon bun day, and I can't deliver because my oven is basically about as useful to me as a pile of scrap metal. I should probably just call a repair company, but god only knows how much that's going to set us back, and if they tell me that we need to replace it that's going to be an even bigger mess – Jeez, Tony. Sorry. Just forget all that, I shouldn't be unloading on you."
"We need all the firepower here, right?" Tony asked, looking at Strange even as he could feel his stomach sinking, feel eyes on him all around the room. At the same time, it feels right.
"So, nothing too catastrophic while I was gone?" Steve says as he shoves a piece of chicken into his mouth.
Casey preens a little at the praise and reaches into his backpack and pulls out a notebook. He flips it open to a page and then moves so that he's sitting right beside Steve, warm little body pressed up against Steve's side. "See? These are the problems that I solved today. Miss Julie says I'm doing really well and I'm smart."
"So I bypassed the thermal coupling," Tony says. "It's not like it's that important anyway, and older components like this don't necessarily have to be attached, we can streamline the whole process."
The coffee-making barista is huge, tall and broad and blonde. His waist is tiny – he looks positively triangular. When he hands people their drinks or their pastries he gives them a plush, pink-lipped smile that Tony thinks is pure sin. He looks somehow wholesome, but at the same time Tony can imagine him looking debauched and well-fucked, laying across a satin-sheeted bed.
He's got healing wounds all over his torso. His face has a few cuts and contusions, but for the most part he'd come out of the battle relatively unscathed.
“I mean I’m not seriously thinking about it, no,” he clarifies. “It wouldn’t make sense, it’s easier having us all here. Better. Safer. There’s too much on the go right now, trying to find Bucky, and all this on top,” he waves at the file in front of him.
What the hell indeed. Tony's mind is racing, trying to put all the pieces together. Not like they can just run around the city breathing on slime monsters to make them stop their messy rampage.
And it had been a great idea, them getting together. Finally feeling Steve’s lips press against his, Steve’s arms around his waist, Steve pinning him to the wall as they kissed with an intensity Tony hadn’t felt in a long, long time. Yeah, that had been a great idea.
Steve nods. "It's something we started early on in the Brooklyn shop. Folks can buy a coffee or a meal for someone and donate it, and we put a button in the jar. When someone who needs a meal but can't afford it comes in, we take a button out of the jar and give them a meal."
“Don’t worry, I talked to the team. Everything is okay now.” Tony cocked his head questioningly. “I told them they didn’t need to worry, I was capable of looking out for my own feelings, thank you very much. And-” Steve’s eyes darkened as they slowly raked down Tony’s chest, and he moved his hands so they were holding firmly on Tony’s hips, “-I told them it wasn’t
Tony takes off towards the group of students, and drops himself right down in the middle of them. One girl yelps and jumps back, staring at Tony with even wider-eyed horror than she'd been staring at the monster with. Which, kind of actually is a little offensive. Tony is much nicer than a slime monster.
Tony pulls back, letting Steve fall from his mouth, and moans, panting as Steve circles his fingers over Tony's prostate.
Of course, the peace is short lived. They both have to hit the ground running the next day even though Tony puts off getting up until the last possible second. He's got himself draped across Steve's body in a vain attempt to trap him and keep him in their bed a few minutes longer. It works briefly, and he gets to enjoy a short while of Steve tracing absent patterns on the skin of his bare shoulder.
Stark blinks at him, and throw up his hands in disgust. “Have it your way. And fuck you very much, too. Nice meeting you.” He turns on his heels and storms out. Steve stays exactly where he is for a moment that stretches out before him, longer and tighter until he feels like it’s going to snap. He’s so sick of this. He’s sick of staring at the SHIELD walls. He’s sick of dealing with question after question. He’s sick of the agents, and sick of being stared at, and sick of
Casey's safety is the only thing that matters, and Tony can't keep his son safe from the countless dangers of the world if Casey is going to be surrounded by the crowds resulting from a
On the fifth day, Steve is reading news reports on his phone when he feels an almost imperceptible shift in the air of the room. He suddenly gets the feeling that he's not alone here, and the first place he looks is the door. No one's come in, and that realization makes Steve whip his gaze back to Tony's face.
Clint furrows his brow in genuine confusion. "Uh, okay. What's that?" Steve also stops his conversation with Tony and looks over with interest.
“Plane fell through ice. Ended up in a cavern and got covered,” Steve says, closing his eyes briefly as he remembers the report.
"Pretty sure no one plans to get caught in a blizzard," Steve replies, feeling light despite the pain and the mess they're in. "It came on damned quick though."
Tony’s hand shot up into the air, and he flipped his middle finger back at Clint as he followed Steve. He ignored the cackling that down the hall echoed after them.
Sam comes out of the back and helps out by bussing tables, but there's a steady stream of people coming in and Steve figures he probably won't get the oven done until late afternoon, if ever. Actually, he should just call a repair company. They can't afford it, and honestly their line of credit is maxed out, but a little extra debt is still better than not having a functioning oven.
Steve stands to follow, still limping a little as they walk toward Tony's room. Tony can't help but look down at Steve's leg, the same one he'd hurt in the car accident, but Steve just squeezes his hand and gives a reassuring shake of his head. "It'll be fine, Tony. Nothing a couple days and some Tylenol won't cure."
“Yes we’re still talking about this because your house got blasted into the ocean and I thought you were
"Lots of guys say that," Steve speaks quietly. "Sometimes they're right. Sometimes it's the shock talkin'. Insisting they're fine and they don't realise they're bleeding out." He can feel the adrenaline still coursing through himself, and knows from experience the crash is still a ways off. But it'll come. For both of them. Tony looks at him with an expression that's somewhere around the mark of sober realization. Steve tries to give him a gentle smile.
“Recon,” Steve sighs resignedly. “On the intel that said HYDRA was looking to make a deal through here on the stolen SHIELD tech.”
“Last night was great, Tony. I had fun. And I’m glad we had a chance to finally… you know. Talk. Instead of-”
"He expecting you?" Asks the door man, picking up a simple black telephone and bringing it to his ear. He punches a couple of buttons on the touchpad attached to it.
"You know, I'm proud of all of you," Sam tells him. "Honestly. All three of you, you're doing incredibly, especially given everything you were dealing with."
Once he's suited up, Tony feels significantly better, though he's not sure if getting slime off the suit is going to be better or worse than trying to get it out of his hair. Over the comms, Clint is whooping and hollering in glee. Guy probably thinks he's died and gone to heaven.
He can hear a scuffle, the high pitched squeal of feedback, and a couple of gunshots. It's too loud, Steve needs to listen for everything else – Casey yelling, hostiles trying to get the drop on him – so he pulls the comm out of his ear. He knows it's risky, to go dark, but he needs to find Casey.
Tony quickly reaches out a hand to stop him. "Whoa, wait, where the hell do you think you're going?"
"Remember. Stay calm, don't get too close, and stick to the script. You want Casey, you'll give them whatever they want, but you want to see him. Before you agree to anything. Try to keep them talking, yeah?"
Steve nods his understanding, and Coulson takes his leave, leaving Steve standing alone in the barren space. For one brief moment, panic surges up inside him, and he wonders what the hell he was thinking. He’s adrift – for the first time since he’s woken up he’s
Assets that had since started showing up on the streets, and in the hands of other less-than-savory operations. Insight had been dismantled and Zola destroyed, but they were still left picking up the pieces in the wreckage that was left behind.
"Tony!" he calls, bounding down the stairs. He's in Tony's space in seconds, wrapping his arms up in what will always be the best hug ever. "I didn't expect you to be here. Pepper said you had a meeting,"
"It's alright, there was a motel a little less than a mile back. We can head there. I doubt anyone is going to be on the road in this weather." Somehow, just in the last couple of minutes the snow and the wind have gotten far worse. It's a total white out and they're lucky they can see the road to follow. Normally, it would be smarter to stay in the car until the storm passed, but all the windows are shattered, so it's not like the car provides much shelter, and they don't have a survival kit in the back. They can manage the less than a mile back up the highway.
It's nearing on a week since he's seen Tony. Tony and Rhodey had dropped him off in front of the shop, and he'd said goodbye. He wishes he'd known it might be the last time he saw Tony. He would have lingered a moment longer, said something different. But it's too late for that now. Tony had made it pretty clear that he didn't want to see Steve. Why the hell had his stupid brain betrayed him? What the hell had possessed him to try and kiss Tony? That had to be the issue, and now everything is messed up between them. Steve's lost Tony, he's lost Casey, he's lost friends.
SI. Stark Industries. They’re in the news constantly, for some reason or another, so he’s learned a lot about them, and he’s learned it fast. In the time he’d been out, the company that Howard had started had expanded into a worldwide mega corporation; a leader in technological advancement. It hadn’t been much of a surprise, given all that Howard was doing in Stark Industries’ early days, and all he’d contributed during the war. Of course his company would have continued on with years and years of cutting edge technology.
Tony wants to go with Strange to get Vision, but with his stupid portals, Strange has gone and returned before Tony even reaches him. Vision is in rough shape, leaning heavily on Strange as he waves his hand and snaps the portal shut. Vision's breath is ragged, he seems disoriented, and the smallest sound makes him wince in pain. But he manages to look up as Tony appears, and their eyes meet, all the memories another life passing between them. "Vision," Tony croaks out, and rushes to Vision's side to offer him some support. "We need to get him to the lab."
The angle is weird on both their necks, but Tony doesn't care – the pleasure feedback loop of his mouth on Steve's cock and Steve's mouth on his is too good to worry about it.
Steve sits down, hard, in the chair beside Tony's bed. He reaches out a hand to take Tony's, and notices that his own hand is shaking like a leaf. He soldiers on, and he rests his hand over Tony's cool, dry fingers.
“You’re right, I can,” Natasha agrees. “But I’m not going to. Because realistically, Steve, you are far less likely to look out of place visiting a strip club than I will. At least, this particular strip club.” Steve sighs, and flips through the file again. “Come on, you know I’m right.”
"That is the stupidest thing I have heard all day," Tony says flatly. "And trust me, if you had been in on my meeting this morning, you would realise just how many stupid things I have heard today."
The squad commander makes his way over, and Rhodey somehow manages to school his expression back into something resembling professionalism. “Everything checks out, building is secure, I’m officially releasing them to your custody, Lieutenant Colonel. But we’ll need them to file a statement.”
Tony blinks. “Of course I’m serious. You think i was just what, telling you you were going to get better to make you feel better?”
"It was infiltrated. By someone who was pissed that I'm the reason her dad's in jail, and who stupidly thought that getting the mind stone would let her save the world, and saving the world would be enough to get her darling dearest father pardoned. God, I can't even believe Hammer had a kid. Can't believe he actually managed to convince someone to sleep with him, I mean –"
When they get to the building, there's no list of buzzer numbers at the front entryway. There's a man sitting at a desk, looking bored but alert.
“Pretty sure being a genius doesn’t automatically make you great at people,” Steve points out. Tony stares at him, mockingly aghast.
"Wouldn't mind bein' stuck with you for a good, long while," Steve says, and Tony gives himself a moment to acknowledge the little thrill of pleasure before he retorts.
Hunka-Stevie – Steve, Tony reminds himself, because he is observant and paying attention to more than the man's pecs as he reaches around to his back to deal with the apron – walks out from around the display case full of pastries and motions for Tony to follow him. Tony really does not want to follow him because if there's one thing he knows, it's the value of a strong negotiating position. On the other hand, this is giving him a chance to get a look at Steve's ass and that's an opportunity Tony is glad not to miss.
Of all the things that Tony could have said, of all the reasons that Steve had never heard mention of Casey's mom, this is quite possibly the worst. Tony's words are a punch to the gut.
"You already have quite a reputation in the neighbourhood," Clint adds solemnly, and Steve just wants him to stop now, before he says anything too embarrassing and Steve has to kill him. Tony's companion studies Clint intently, eyeing him in a way that seems like she's assessing him inside and out for a brief but intense moment. Then she smiles brightly at him, and moves to stand beside him. They begin speaking in low tones, and Steve wants to pay attention but he's distracted by Tony at just that moment.
They both laugh it off awkwardly, and with his sheet now firmly tied around his waist, Tony once again offers his hand to help Steve up. It turns out that his injury is doing better today. While his whole body is sore from being tossed around, his knee can actually bear some weight as long as he is gentle and careful about it. Steve makes his way over towards the bathroom, and Tony leaves him there and goes to grab his phone.
It was into one of those bunkers that Dr. Strange had taken them, worked his magic to send them to the pocket universe. He'd said he was leaving a sample of each of their auras in each of the beds down here, to work as a sort of lodestone when they did come back to reality. He'd said it would be easier on them if their bodies had a place to be drawn to.
"Is Bucky okay?" Clint's voice loses all its usual jovial carelessness, and suddenly he sounds like he had back when they'd been in Iraq. Clipped, formal, to the point.
Steve grabs a second mug and sets about making their drinks with practiced ease. Casey stares, enraptured as Steve moves around behind the counter, and makes a show of pouring the milk and adding a tiny dollop of whipped cream and some shaved chocolate to the top of Casey's drink. Casey always looks so pleased when Steve makes the drink look extra fancy. He'd said once it makes it 'special.'
Rhodey is back to laughing at him again. "Bickering like a married couple already. I tell you, Tony, it's a match. You two sharing a room?"
"She was brilliant. I mean, really. She was incredible. We were young – well, she was, younger than me, I mean – we were eager, she was the smartest person I'd ever met, and the ideas she came up with – things I had never considered. When I finally realized what I'd lost when I'd given up Stark Industries, she was right there, helping me make Stark Resilient something even better. She was so innovative. There was no problem, no roadblock she couldn't find her way around. Impossible didn't exist in her world. Fujikawa and Stark. We were unstoppable. After she died, I had the company set up the Rumiko Fujikawa Foundation, which provides funding for young people to explore STEM fields and encourage creative thinking. It's the kind of legacy she would have wanted."
He keeps moving, riding hard and fast through the aftershocks, until they're both trembling and Tony falls into a heap over Steve's chest.
Clint sets down the box on the counter and stands beside Bucky, leaning in to whisper something that Steve can't quite catch. Judging by the way that Bucky stifles a snort, he's fairly certain that he doesn't want to know what they're saying.
Steve hauls Tony against him, wrapping his arms around Tony and hugging him fiercely. "Shh," he says soothingly. "I'm right here, Tony. I'm not going anywhere. I'm safe, and Casey's safe, and we're both right here."
The tall, slim man – Thor had called him Dr. Strange – turned and set his eyes on Vision. He stared for a moment, then turned to address the entire group.
because if she says it, that will make it real, that will make all of it true, and that will destroy the illusion, that will spit them back out into the real world, and they'll have failed – they're the only thing keeping the mind stone away from Thanos and if Hammer says it aloud it will shatter everything and Thanos will be able to find them –
Steve stares directly into Tony's eyes, not blinking, and reaches between them to guide himself to Tony's hole.
"You know this is totally not how I pictured this day ending," Tony huffs, his breath a little strained.
It's a short lived victory, because with both Steve's hands occupied, Thanos swings a hook with his free hand that catches Steve across the ribs and sends him flying, crashing hard into the ground with a grunt as all the wind gets knocked out of him. "Steve!" he yells, unable to stop himself. But from the corner of his eye, he sees Steve push himself up. That's enough, for now.
"That's fine," Tony says, mustering up a charming smile for her. "I'll let you get back to the kids."
Rogers blinks at him and glances over his shoulder at – oh, yeah – the busy coffee shop they're standing in front of. "Yes."
Tony can only grind on Steve's lap for so long, he thinks, before he loses his mind. He reluctantly pulls his tongue back out of Steve's mouth and moves to stand.
, we will go to the coffee shop for our meetings because that is the only way I'm going to be able to convince you to
“Well,” Stark says slowly, eyeing him warily.. “That’s kind of up to you, Capsicle. I mean, SHIELD has made it pretty clear they want to keep you.”
"What do you mean, you don't know?" Tony says, words raw, and brittle. "You're the one that set this whole charade up, how do you not know where Vision is? Why didn't he come back here with the rest of us?"
"I love you more than anything," Steve says, looking right into Tony's eyes. Tony tries to look away, but he can't manage it. "And you love me, too."
Tony reluctantly steps out of Steve's embrace so he can offer up the flowers and chocolates he's been holding. "I, um, brought you these," he said passing them over.
"Sorry, just thinking," Steve says, standing and taking his coffee back to the counter. They've still got another hour or so before the real midday rush starts, but they've also got to get about 50 sandwiches prepped before then, so he doesn't have a lot of time to sit around thinking about the strange man who's just left.
"Steve, Steve, Steve," Tony chants, throwing his head back. It's like the earth is moving in him, under him, and all he can do is hold on for dear life. He reaches down with one hand, the one still slick with lube, and he wraps it around his own straining cock.
Steve shakes his head, already going over multiple plans in his mind. Trying to anticipate hurdles, trying to work on a strategy.
"Hey, Steve. Everything okay? You look a little..." Tony trails off, and Steve gives him a little half-smile.
"Hammer?" Quill responds, "He didn't have one. Some kind of family drama, I dunno, honestly I wasn't paying attention to half of what he said. But he stole Rocket and Groot and ran off. Something about an axe? That guy."
On the other end of the call, Steve is snickering to himself from the safety and comfort of his seat on the jet. “Don’t you start, Barnes is your fault,” he tells Steve.
Tony hasn't thought about anyone in a sexual way since Rumiko died – since Casey was born. To feel desire for some barista in a coffee shop owned by Tony's newest arch nemesis? It would be underselling it to call it 'unexpected'.
"So did I," Steve replies. "Honestly, I wasn't sure that expanding was a good idea. I mean, we're doing well in Brooklyn, but we started out as just three guys with a pile of baggage and no idea what to do, or how to live like normal civilians again. Having a lot of empty time on our hands… it wasn't good for any of us. But I found this neighbourhood, and it felt right. Pretty sure I looked at every available building zoned for commercial space in the area before I settled on this one."
“You can get me the hell out of here,” Steve snaps. Coulson opens his mouth to reply but Steve cuts him off. “I’m serious. I need to get out of here. I want my own space. I want to not be living here. With, or without your help, I’m leaving.”
"Okay, I'll believe you for now," Tony tell him. "But I'm going to have to do a very thorough check over later.”
Tony chews on his bottom lip, then gives a quick shrug with one shoulder and flashes Steve an embarrassed smile.
"Oh, was that today?" Tony asks, but Steve can hear the lie in his voice. "Must have slipped my mind. Hey, good news, though, we don't make weapons so we don't need to talk to them."
They are both shivering by the time they reach the room. They've reached the point where they've warmed up just enough to realize how chilled to the core they are. Tony is less than thrilled that they're stuck in the honeymoon suite. Not that is he isn't immensely grateful to have a warm place to sleep after how sideways the day had gone, but come on. The
, for god's sake, and do you know how many people congregate around coffee shops?" He's feeling a little hysterical right now because
“Yeah, okay, yes I would. And did.. But first, home. We clearly need to work on our… communication skills.” Tony waggles his eyebrows.
Tony shakes in his arms, clinging to Steve's back. He's warm and solid but he feels somehow frail and breakable. Tony buries his face into the crook of Steve's neck, and Steve can feel hot breath there.
"Think we can just ignore it?" Tony asks, cocking his head to the side and watching in fascination as the things slide down the street, completely uncaring and unhindered by anything in their way.
It's a weekend, and Stark had kind of a rough week, maybe he's just taking a few days off. Bucky doesn't think anything about it until Monday morning rolls around. Steve's been quiet and withdrawn in the past few days, but again, it's to be expected. On the down low, Bucky had asked Sam to check in with Steve and keep an eye on him. Sam, excellent as he is, had stepped up and strong armed Steve out to a meeting and coffee after with some of the VA crowd the night before. It seemed to help, and Steve was in better spirits.
He can tell Rhodey's about to ask another question, but the door opens, then, and Bucky and Clint come back.
"I'm pretty caught up at work, so I thought I might take Friday afternoon off to spend with him, if you want a half-day?" Tony says as she follows him into the kitchen. He gives the pasta sauce that's been simmering on the stove a little stir, then puts on a pot to boil water.
“Explain to me again why I have to be the one to do this?” Steve huffs, looking back over the information that Natasha had dropped in front of him. It’s solid, convincing, well documented. It always is from her.
Steve bursts out laughing, and hearing it in person is just so much nicer than hearing it over the phone.
"Good morning Miss Julie," Casey says and lets go of Tony's hand, bounding happily up the walkway to greet his teacher, Julie Summerside. Tony follows a few steps behind, watching the easy interaction between Julie and Casey. She's really good with the kids— everyone here is. It's why he chose this place, after all. He wants what's best for his boy, and this place – this neighbourhood – is the best. Or it was until he had to deal with the threat of increased foot traffic and strangers stomping around next to his school because of a cutesy-named coffee shop. God, this is such bullshit.
"What about the Time stone?" Natasha asked, jerking her chin at Strange's chest. Tony was still a little weirded out about her blonde hair. It looked good on her, because Tony didn't think Natasha
A laugh burbles out of Steve's chest as Tony reaches for the drawer, keeping his mouth on Steve's. He manages to snag the bottle of lube, dropping it on the bed beside Steve before he starts kissing his way down Steve's chest and stomach.
He finds his way out of the medical wing, and finds someone to tell him where he might find food and a shower. Everyone knows who he is, so there's no hesitation – the woman gives him directions to some quarters set aside for him. She tells him someone will bring food up shortly, and gives him a small bead that, when he holds it between his thumb and forefinger, displays a blue holographic map in front of him. He gives her a tired but grateful smile, then follows the directions from the bead to find his rooms in the palace.
Steve thinks back to the conversation he and Tony had had that night in Syracuse, in the hotel by the side of the road. When Tony had told him about Rumiko, about how important to him Casey was, how he was the only thing in Tony's world for a long time.
By the beginning of the following week, Steve has four new staff members between the two shops, which gives him, Clint, and Bucky a little more flexibility to move between both of the shops
Even as Tony is laying down repulsor fire to keep the things where he wants them, he’s already planning ways to reinforce the labs at the university, and build better containment units for them, so the next time someone's project decides to take a walk and smell the fresh air, it wouldn't make it past the front door. He’s not nearly so delusional as to think an experiment from there will never again go awry.
you pawing at me," Steve says with a lazy smile. His face turns serious again. "I mean it, Tony. I've wanted this, wanted you, for a long time. After tonight… I don't want to lose our chance."
, so I've seen you be dumb, but this is next level. This is – just, wow, I'm starting to think you come from a long line of first cousins."
They dump their haul on the dining room table, then Clint comes back into the living room with the plastic case. He unzips it, and flips it open on the coffee table in front of Steve. "Look what I found," he says triumphantly.
"Vision isn't human," Strange begins, pacing back and forth across the space. "He isn't human, and the entire reality was built around him. He was the centre."
“We sure did,” Tony chuckles. He doesn’t add how incredibly hot it was standing toe to toe with Steve, the tension crackling between them right from the get go.  “And you were really sassy to me.”
they do, but as soon as they get in a room with me, they'll change their minds. Tell you what, honey badger, you talk to them, sell them on what we're looking at, and then I'll come and debrief you, and they never have to deal with my irresponsible self at all."
"Because of the oven," Steve informs him sternly. Tony looks at him, confused and bewildered. It's disgustingly adorable, and Steve really wants to just reach across the counter and give him a peck on the cheek because he's so damned cute. But he resists, and says, "Because you're a miracle worker who fixed our oven."
It's too easy to think about how easily Steve would slot into their lives. Too easy, and too dangerous. It was one thing to face off against Rhodey's teasing about flirting, it's another thing entirely to imagine Steve and Casey together outside the shop. The three of them walking down the street, each of them holding on to one of Casey's hands. Steve and Casey chasing each other around the playground. Curling up together on the couch watching cartoons, just the three of them. And late in the night, when Casey is sound asleep in his room, Steve and Tony laid out in a warm bed, limbs tangled together.
"And how many of these stones are there?" Steve had asked. Their reunion had been awkward, and they hadn't said much. Tony didn't know how to apologize, and didn't know how to let Steve apologize, either. So they had stared at one another, neither able to think of anything to say, until Thor had broken the impasse by gathering Steve into a twirling hug.
Steve doesn’t mind, because Stark’s not wrong. Everything he learned came from ally scraps, or on the fly in the war. Even just a few minutes sparring with Stark shows him that the man knows a hell of a lot more about fighting technique than Steve does. So he listens as Stark explains how to engage his whole body and move through a punch, how to keep his guard up so he doesn’t leave himself exposed, how to keep from telegraphing his movements before he makes them. It’s… fun. He can honestly say that he’s having more fun than he’s had at all since he’d woken up. Since before then, really, all things considered. Stark shows him a few basic combos, how to break through his opponent’s defences and follow up with a strike of his own. By the time they step apart to catch their breath, they’re both sweaty and flushed.
