“No one could forget you, Mick,” I said honestly. “America is a big country. There should be room enough for you two to stretch out and make your marks.”
Perhaps it was better he believed that. Then he would less likely to search me out. Less likely to ponder what had become of me in future days, or future years.
“Please, Miss Morstan!” I begged. “Please sit here and calm yourself. I am fine! I was never in any mortal danger!” It was a lie, but only a white one.
“Rubbish!” he uttered. “You are speaking nonsense. I am a consummate judge of character and I long ago I decided you are the most desirable of companions, for your bravery and for all of the manly virtues I hold in high esteem. So don’t tell me that I don’t know you. I have said before that I know everything I need to know about you. I have already selected you out of all other fellows as my perfect associate and partner. I wouldn’t have lived with you all these years and shared my professional secrets with you if I didn’t trust you with my very life. What more could any man ask for?”
I did not reply, but walked on, out of the dining room and back to my alien bed chamber.
“Not while there is evil in the world, Watson,” Holmes pronounced.
Soon I would be leaving London, perhaps never to return. Never to see anyone I knew again. It was a steep price, but I was willing to pay it. My life was worth little compared to...
Once he was certain I was ‘tamed’ enough to trust, the Irishman gave me leave to explore the house. I still spent most of my days in idleness, reading and staring into space, with little to occupy my body or my mind, except for the night hours when the Irishman found me to be of use. His days were mainly spent in his study, working on calculations and directing his real business – consolidating his hold on the criminal empire he was in the process of building. Occasionally he would repair to his college and lecture, maintaining the fiction that he was a humble professor of Mathematics. And he played that role superbly – with his mesmerizing gaze and commanding voice, he would have made a fine actor, if that had been his desire.
“It’s none of your business,” I snapped. I was angry with him and also angry at myself for giving a damn what he thought.
A forever unrequited lover.
Holmes stared closely at the lad. “Except?”
The Salisbury was crowded on a Friday evening, swarmed with men of all classes and categories. But unlike the sordid atmosphere of the Red Cockerel, there was a more carefree air here. Yes, there were low boys who were obvious renters, but there were also well-dressed gentlemen having a friendly drink and taking their ease.
“That seems quite sufficient,” I said. “Did Mr. Lovell say this was Mycroft Holmes’ room?”
And with that I followed my new-found friend out the door of our room and into my first day of drug rehab under the tutelage of Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
The cab ride from Holborn to Cleveland Street was the longest I have ever endured. Or at least it felt that way.
“I’m trying to keep me pecker up, Doctor,” Mick sniffed, wiping his nose on his sleeve. “But it’s a hard patch in here. I was born in the Workhouse, but I ain’t never been in stir before. I always tried to walk the straight and narrow – well, as far as I could.”
Holmes needed me.
“I’ll keep that in mind, Mrs. Barker.” You old bitch. “But I’ll be moving tomorrow anyway.”
“She called him Mick. I assume his last name is Mitchell, like her own.”
“Sir? Do you have the time?”
“If you must,” Collins grumbled sourly. “Follow me.”
Gladstone settled himself on his blanket by the fire with a satisfied groan.
“Cancel?” James frowned. “But why, sir?”
“Who said anything about sodomy?” replied Holmes. “You haven’t healed enough for any vigorous sodomy – at least not yet. And what do I care for honours and titles? Mycroft has titles galore and they haven’t made him happy for a single moment of his pitiful life.”
Except...
“So why did you partner up with this man in the first place?” Holmes said sternly.
“When you get to New York call upon this gentleman at ‘The New York World,’” said Holmes, giving Mick a sealed envelope with an address written in his distinctive hand. “He’s an editor at that newspaper and he knows of my work. I’ve written to inform him of your arrival. He should be able to direct you both to some gainful employment.”
“Right.” He nodded, quite abashed. “Good-night, Doctor. And you, too, Mr. Holmes.” And he went out.
“Well enough,” I replied.
I left Mick to take the seat again and went out to where Holmes was conferring with Inspector Lestrade and Constable Clark. “Is it needful to have a guard on this sick child?” I inquired. “I thought all charges against him had been dropped?”
“Splendid!” Stamford cried and we shook on it.
“The boy is a fool,” Holmes said dismissively. “He imagines he’s in love and so is willing to sacrifice all – his fortune, his good name, even his life. Such poppycock!”
“So,” I said, once inside. “You are a sodomite after all. Are you going to attempt my virtue in this closed carriage?”
“Of course,” said Holmes. “I’m a horrific influence. I assumed he’d gotten to you when you gave that ridiculous Affirmation.”
“No,” Dilly whispered. “It’s too late. It’s for the best, Charlie. You can live your life now. Find a girl to love – a real girl. Not some false and broken thing like Dilly Mitchell.”
“Yes, I know.” That was a habit he had picked up from me. I learned to like a good curry when I was in India and passed that love on to my partner.
I could not resist leaning close to him and adjusting that same cravat. “Except when you don’t.”
“Then find one!” The Irishman thundered. “There must be a town or farm nearby. Buy one. Here.” He reached inside his coat and handed over some gold sovereigns. “And if you can’t buy one, steal one!”
“You are a wicked little boy,” he growled. “You don’t know what or who you are. That is what intrigues me. You are unformed, like common clay.”
“You are too gallant, Dr. Watson,” she murmured, her blue eyes lowered demurely.
“Hello, sir! Remember me?”
“A little,” I admitted. The truth was very little. I’d sold two stories, the safari one and another adventure based on an incident I witnessed in Bombay, and made the sum total of £3, which was hardly enough to keep me in paper and fine-quality pen and ink. Still, it was something.
“Did you have a lady friend down in Sussex?”
“Yes,” I replied. “Thank you for the warning.”
“But...”
Once again Holmes had left 221b before I rose.
I dressed slowly. My leg and shoulder were both stiff from my recent exertions. I had two patients scheduled for the morning, but there was time in the afternoon for a visit to the Turkish Bath on Northumberland Avenue. The hot steam and the strong hands of the attendants were a better balm than any drug, especially in this damp weather. Holmes and I had often found an hour or two of solace there, lying side by side on the couches, wrapped in thin sheets, chatting in relaxed camaraderie. It was one of the few purely physical pleasures my friend allowed himself.
“I say, Holmes...”
Holmes looked at me sharply. His eyes were still red-rimmed, but no longer bloodshot or bleary. I did not know if he had packed the morocco case that contained his syringes, but I had hope that he had not, hope that this stay far from the cares of London would give him a chance to uncloud his mind and purge his body of the hateful toxins with which he insulted himself.
“Nothing to do with me,” he dismissed. “I’m still plain old Sherlock Holmes. Or the Honourable Sherlock Holmes. Some tosh like that. Titles might once have served a purpose in society, but they are not rational in this day and age.”
“And I was not included?” Holmes lifted an eyebrow quizzically. “Is that fitting? Inviting a fellow and neglecting his... friend?”
“I’ll take that wager.” Holmes paused at his pacing, his teeth gripping the stem of his pipe.
“Let us not start that argument again,” I said, pouring him a cup. “One lump or two?”
“You will?” Holmes’ face softened. “It might be easier with... with you going as well. To keep me company.”
“Is he out hunting for the man that took a potshot at you the other night?” James asked. “Does Mr. Holmes think he’s connected to the fellow who was blackmailing Mr. Charles?”
“Did you let that cat in here this morning?” I inquired peevishly. “She was in my bed.”
“Don’t know,” he admitted. “It’s something like I never felt before.”
“Ah, the final piece of the puzzle,” I remarked. “So, shot with my own revolver. I wondered where that bullet came from. Holmes, you are an absolute menace with a firearm!”
“Warming myself.”
“Twaddle!” said Holmes. “What earthly use to me is a title? I have even less need of it than Mycroft. And if Mycroft is the most unlikely man to breed an heir, I am certainly the second most unlikely. I have an allowance for life that more than meets my needs, and if I am ever short of funds, I ask Mycroft for an advance. Whatever would I do with this hideous monstrosity of a house? And all the land and farms surrounding it? And to be responsible for the lives of all the servants and tenants? I like my life as it is – I am a free Englishman, Watson, as are you, unencumbered by such trifles. Who could ask for more in this life?”
“It’s time for you to go, sir,” said Collins, unamused.
“They are substantial to me. For they are beyond my means to repay.” My heart was pounding now. The carriage was driving on, out of Kensington and into the northern part of town.
“I lay your dressing gown here, sir,” he said. “On the bed. And Mrs. Jenkins brought up these clean towels for you.”
“So, you don’t mind leaving here?”
“I do not need any more rest,” I insisted. “I am quite well rested.”
“Harder!” he cried, urging me onward. “Oh, yes! Lord, sir! Yes!”
“I’m sure,” Holmes said, looking down his nose. “Poetry to a girl who is not a girl! Letters that never should have been written! A silly boy who should know better! A pretty business, this, what say you, Watson?”
The entry hall was dim and cool, as it had always been. The mirror on the wall. The ticking of the clock in the parlour. Nothing had changed, seemingly.
Tomorrow morning – and the ending of my whole world.
I was dozing by Dilly Mitchell’s bedside and Holmes was quietly smoking his pipe when Constable Clark came in and tapped Holmes on the shoulder. “Mr. Griffith has arrived, Mr. Holmes.”
But not with a female, no matter how agreeable she might be.
“Now, see here, Holmes,” I said, still clutching the box. “We can’t simply pass off Wiggins’ cat on Mrs. Hudson.”
Yes. Where was the doctor? No, I was the doctor. I used to be a doctor. Long ago. When I was alive. In another life.
“I don’t need to search you,” he snorted. “I will find out all your secrets soon enough. And your cane?” I handed over my swordstick. He pulled out the steel and gazed at it. Then he sheathed it and handed it back. “I will be watching you, caro mio. But you may have need of this to defend yourself.”
That afternoon I informed my landlady that I had found alternate accommodations. She was a sour-faced harridan who took my money every week and ignored my simple requests, so I wouldn’t be missing either her or the seedy bedsit.
And then he reached up and touched my hand without waking. He was warm. Alive. And he smiled in his sleep, as in some pleasant dream.
More revelations.
“I wish you would have.” There was no avoiding it. I turned and faced him.
“I don’t think either of them have the patience for family life.” We paused before 221b. “Why don’t you take the rest of the day off, James? It’s a beautiful day and you should enjoy it while you are young and able.”
The hansom let me off on Piccadilly, near the Royal Academy. It was the nearest I could safely come to the Diogenes Club without giving anything away should the Irishman’s minions be stalking me.
“I know,” I interrupted. “We have only been in Rome a week and hardly seen anyone. And we are leaving soon for Naples and Capri. We have taken a villa on the island. It should be rather amusing.” I yawned to show how little it all meant to me.
“See? It’s working already.” Holmes proceeded up to the first floor and into our chamber, slamming the door behind him.
“What do you think, dear boy?” Holmes took a draw on his pipe and blew out a perfect smoke ring, which drifted over our heads. “He was incensed. He said that such nonsense was perfectly all right for gypsies, Jews, Italians, and other foreign riffraff, but I was the grandson of an English earl and he’d rather see me dead than exhibiting myself on stage for the entertainment of the common throng. And then he horsewhipped the poor violin master. That was the end of my musical education, to my deepest regret.”
I swallowed a lump in my throat. He was so near – the man who had injured Holmes. The man who had raped him, humiliated him. The man who wished to kill him. The man I must sleep with and be loyal to from now on.
Holmes smiled. “The Irregulars have come through again, my dear friend. Quigley brought me intelligence of Young Griffith’s blackmailer. I was only awaiting a later hour to catch him unawares, but now is as good a time as any, I suppose. You return to 221b and I will make my way to Soho.”
“Undoubtedly,” he agreed.
“Yes, he was arrested with a large amount of drugs on his person, enough to brand him a dealer, although he claimed it was a supply for himself alone. His brother, who is a rather influential man, was able to get him admitted here instead. But this is his last chance. And he’ll remain here until he shapes up. However long it takes.”
Then I can move my consulting rooms to a place more conducive to a medical practice. Harley Street would be ideal, but even Wimpole Street would suffice. And, one day, perhaps an intimate practice in a place like Highgate or Hampstead. A place where I might have a house of my own. A wife. A family...
“Crime?” I sat up a little, now alert.
Looking around the cavernous room, it seemed much more welcoming with a roaring fire in the hearth, the bedclothes on large canopy bed turned down, and the steaming tub beckoning. James had rearranged my meagre belongings, hanging my trousers in the press, and setting my brush and shaving kit on the dresser next to the porcelain ewer.
“I’m preparing your bath, sir,” said James, the youthful footman. “Mr. Sherlock told Mr. Lovell that you was to have a hot bath every evening. I’ve just been hauling up the water.” He poured a brimming bucket into the copper tub.
On stage the muscular man had moved the boy into yet another position, once again on his back, but it was obvious that their exertions were nearing a climax. The man grunted and pulled his glistening manhood out of Thommie, spending thunderously all over the lad’s pale chest. He then bent to lap up his own emissions like a cat, as Thommie panted in exhaustion. It was obvious that many members of the audience had also reached their culmination, as a flurry of handkerchiefs were produced to arrest the damage.
The man withdrew his cock and placed the boy on hands and knees. Then he put his mouth to Thommie’s nether regions, avidly licking and tonguing him, as the boy moaned loudly.
“How is Gladstone?” I asked. “And Moggy?”
“And they moved me in.” I watched Holmes’ hands hold the cigarette. They were quite beautiful hands. Too beautiful. I forced myself to look away. “The members of the Group don’t seem partial to you.”
The Irishman watched as she hurried across the piazza to her carriage. “That woman is a meddler,” he pronounced. “But she’s old. She might not live much longer.”
“Lovell was a footman here when I was boy,” Holmes explained. “And now he has full charge of this establishment. I don’t know what my brother would do without him.”
Holmes’ words made me shudder. “Will it come to that?”
“Men do not come here for the quality of their brew,” said Holmes, drinking down his beer without flinching. “We must find our way to the main attraction.”
After a short while I began to walk briskly down Bond Street, Holmes at my side.
Therefore, I grew up a complete innocent. What I knew of the fair sex was from memories of my mother and from the books of Sir Walter Scott that were my favorites. I took comfort in escaping in these stories about long-ago times, of knights and ladies, Border raiders and bold highwaymen, gypsies and maidens in distress. When I should have been reading the Vulgate or translating Greek, I steeped myself in romances. I even managed to read books that were forbidden to ‘weaker’ minds – Fielding and Defoe and French novels full of shocking revelations. But still I preferred Scott. He fired my head with thoughts of adventure, of thrilling times past, of distant lands and exotic climes. I thought of myself as one of those bold warriors, rescuing the wronged, aiding the helpless. I told my confessor that I wanted to be a missionary and travel to heathen territories and he agreed it was a fine ambition to which I would be well-suited.
“Certainly, sir.”
The Irishman dropped my hand and shoved me away in disgust. “Why are you here, John? Has he turned you out?”
“The servants must already know all,” I said. “Barton hinted as much.”
“And the brother is the blackmailer?” Holmes probed.
The woman glared at me, her eyes blazing with a fury I didn’t know she was capable of. “And leave me to deal with Mr. Holmes? With his rages and his chemical concoctions and his shooting up the wall at all hours of the day and night? And the drugs that he takes! You think we all don’t know about that? The maids are afraid to come in here when you’re not at home, Doctor, and that’s the truth. Sometimes I think Mr. Holmes is... is truly crazy! And I mean that! If you leave this house, then I won’t be responsible for him! I don’t care how much extra he pays me! It’s not worth it!”
“Silence, my dear boy.” Holmes pressed his fingers against my lips. “I know it will be difficult to stifle the sounds of ecstasy I am capable of coaxing out of a responsive partner, but at least make the attempt. If we hear anyone coming down the hallway, we shall simply desist until they advance.”
At the age of 16 I was dispatched to Holland, to a Jesuit seminary surrounded by water, to be trained as a missionary priest. What I remember most about the place was that dank canal water. You could not travel anywhere except by boat and the country was low and flat and wet, the sky always a foreboding grey. Or so it seemed.
“More for me, too, if you please,” I requested.
“On the sofa in my parlour,” she replied. “I can’t have him up in the attic where the girls sleep. They’d be up to all sorts of mischief, as you can imagine. That fellow is far too good-looking for safety.”
“It seems that Young Griffith was sent down from Oxford last year for being involved in a contretemps with a coterie of like-minded young gentlemen,” Holmes related. “They were would-be Aesthetes in residence at Magdalen College, many of them titled or the sons of peers, who fancied themselves poets and rebels against convention. Now, I can understand their impulse to defy the dictates of a narrow-minded society, for I have felt that impulse myself. But their error was in seducing the young son of a respectable townsman into their debaucheries. The more connected members of the circle escaped punishment, but the more vulnerable boys, including Young Griffith, were promptly cashiered. The entire incident was hushed up and poor Mrs. Griffith was told her son had merely failed to pass his exams. Unfortunately, that was a falsehood intended for the family to save face.”
“It ought to be!” I huffed. “I paid £2 for it not three years ago!”
“Emergency? What kind of emergency? A consulting detective emergency?” I huffed. “If I were safely installed in the Earl’s room then you wouldn’t be unable to creep through the secret passageway and make your way into my bed! Then I could get an uninterrupted night’s sleep!”
I lingered in the Recreation Area, not wanting to go back to the room where Holmes was undoubtedly brooding over my traitorous conduct.
“Hello, Lovell,” said Holmes as he leapt from the carriage. “Still here, I see.”
“Yes,” I said. “And now I’m going to bed.”
It was there that I began to dream. I suppose I was a late bloomer, but when my body finally came of age, it came with a vengeance. My nocturnal sins visited me almost every night, no matter how much I prayed, fasted, purged, and even scourged myself to stop it. Nothing helped. I sickened and wilted, unable to support the guilt I felt. I knew my body – young, healthy, and full of uncontrollable animal spirits – had failed me.
“What is going on here?” I demanded. “Are you truly injured, Holmes, or was this merely a ruse to vex me? And what is a monkey doing here?”
I found my way upstairs and down the dim hallway to my room. “Oh,” I said, as I opened the door. “I didn’t expect anyone to be in here.”
“John, may I speak with you?” Fred said in an urgent tone.
What I did not know at the time was that my brother was also leading a life full of chaos. His work as a solicitor bored him and he was delving into the speculative business practices that would eventually reduce him to bankruptcy. He was also drinking, albeit secretly, well on his way to becoming a drunkard. But this was in the future and I could not recognize the signs that were plainly before my eyes. But we never recognize the signs, do we? Not until it is too late.
“Will you be having luncheon in today, Doctor?” she asked. “Shall I send up sandwiches for you and Mr. Holmes?”
I drank another glass of champagne and chatted with Lady Percy for another hour, then said my farewells and began the long trek back to my small pensione.
I tasted them.
On the other hand, the flat was literally a penthouse, high above street-level, so the noise was abated somewhat. It was also luxurious – furnished with antiques and Turkish carpets, centrally heated and air-conditioned, with a kitchen twice the size of my bedsit.
Fred sighed very heavily. Holmes was obviously his cross to bear. “I’ll see you both at Group this afternoon. Remember -- three o’clock sharp.”
I was no longer certain.
“And you, sir,” said the Irishman. “You are a drunken sot. How dare you upbraid your brother? Look to your own affairs, Henry Watson, for they are in deep trouble. Do not judge your betters.”
“I’m sure,” I coughed. “Now... as to my bath...”
When I stepped onto Pall Mall I found that it was already dark. The city suddenly seemed full of peril. I thought of what Holmes had said about a bounty being on his head, with danger lurking in every shadow as the Irishman’s henchmen waited for their chance to take Holmes’ life.
Watson has a lot to think about.
Now, one more night and then I would be gone.
I waited for him to speak. But there was nothing. I turned out the light. He never came over to me. We both lay in the darkness, staring at the ceiling, as the minutes passed. Finally, I heard a soft snuffle and then a louder snore and knew there would be no final good-bye. I turned over and eventually fell asleep. In the morning, he was already gone from his bed when I woke. I took my bag, signed the release papers, and walked out into the bright, dangerous world.
“Turn here!” I cried out. “Please! My pensione is down that way!”
“Not today, thank you, Mrs. Hudson,” I said. “I shall be dining out this evening. But some tea would be welcome, if you will.”
“Hot water!” I barked. “And please remove this monkey!” The beast was at that moment swinging from the draperies, chattering loudly.
“No,” I said slowly. “I think I would very much like to meet Miss Morstan. You are right. I need to get out more. I have been retired from society long enough.
I was born in Guildford, south of London. It’s an old town, quiet, almost somnambulant, but that’s the way my father liked it. He was a solicitor, from an old Northern and Catholic family, solidly middle class. Things have changed since the laws against Catholics were reformed in the decades before my birth, but they are still an insular and clannish breed. Most of my father’s clients were other Catholics, and he married a girl with an Irish background whose father was a doctor who also served the Catholic community of Surrey and Middlesex.
“The doctor seems in fine fettle,” Miss Morstan added. She stood up and gave James a look that was almost triumphant. “This is the servant who told me you could not have visitors. I gave him my cards to deliver to you, but it seems you did not get them.”
I paid the driver and tipped him well. I would have no need of money when I was with the Irishman. I was left standing at the gate, my things around me on the pavement.
“Good to be where we both belong,” he added. “And together, my dear boy. That is the most important thing of all. Soon, Watson. Soon, in Baker Street.”
“And that’s a shock? That’s what you do, Holmes,” I said. “You think. You are a virtual automaton dedicated to thinking and little else.”
“I say, my boy.” Holmes sat up and leaned towards me. “What do you make of this?” He thrust an engraved card into my face.
Relief? I sat up in disbelief. “What are you saying, man?”
“Lady Lee,” he replied. “Ain’t she a pip?”
‘Sherlock I…’ He wanted to say he didn't expect it but it was a lie.
‘I want to…’ Sherlock broke off embarrassed. ‘When I touched you- the way you filled my hand...I couldn’t stop thinking about it afterwards. After I realised you weren’t a violent criminal of course. After I came to know you.’ Sherlock clarified. ‘I am not explaining myself very well.’
‘Good evening, Mycroft. Try not to start a war before I get home.. You know what it does for the traffic.’ Sarcasm was how they communicated, no reason to change that now.
With effort John kept his hands pretty much to himself. Though this was a date, it was decidedly a first date. He wanted Sherlock, with his admitted inexperience, to lead this, to show him he was sure. He didn’t have to wait long.
'Could be interested.'
‘Sherlock, It’s here. It’s in two two one Baker Street.’ John said, staring at the screen.
He gave John a final dirty glance, before lowering his head and smoothly, slowly, taking John's length into his mouth. One of John's hands threaded through the dark curls while the other grasped reflexively at the leather seat in an effort to stay quiet. If this were Baker Street he would be telling Sherlock in colourful language and vivid detail how good it felt and exactly what he wanted to do to him in return. As it was the detective laced his fingers with the hand that was abusing the upholstery, both their knuckles white with tension. The small wet noises feeding into John's arousal.
John sniffed unobtrusively. There was a faint spicy musk in the air, the ridiculous vanilla candles in the fitting room had been masking it.
'Sherlock, it wasn't your fault. The chemicals they use magnify everything, they make you ...'
'It's Harry.' John said into his damp skin.'She's been made redundant, that was her neighbour, they were worried – you know, with her history.'
'Did he kidnap you-again?' Sherlock said staring straight ahead at the pool of light on the darkened stage. He needed to break the tension, even if only so he could work properly.
They heard the rhythmic step of the CO approaching and scrambled to their feet. Muscle memory pulling them to attention.
'I'd Jack it in if I didn't care anymore.' Lestrade said, coming to stand beside him.
##########
Sherlock saw the glow of a screen as the cabbie put his own phone or Jennifer Wilson's phone back in a pocket and walked towards the door. The cacophony of Lestrade and his team arguing behind him was white noise.
The sound of the front door had hope swelling in his chest but he knew the confident heavy tread on the stairs and it wasn't John .
. He knew the voice but allowed himself a few seconds of denial until he turned round, his expression forced into neutral. Jason looked the same as ever, gorgeous. Tall, blonde with a swimmers build.
‘We need to get vehicles, get a helicopter. This phone battery won’t last forever.’ Sherlock stood and paced, Lestrade already on his phone.
‘You're an alpha.’
‘You asked me to come. I’m assuming it’s important.’
‘John I hardly think in Irene’s line of work it will make her uncomfortable.’ Sherlock continued to type calmly.
He'd sent the message before it occurred to him that this could be counted as flirtation, almost foreplay with John. Before he had a chance to give it more thought another text came through.
'Come on then. They're playing a good song.' John held out his hand. 'Dance with me.'
‘It's fine. Give me a minute.’ Sherlock gestured in the direction of the bathroom. His bladder was demanding his attention and he wanted to wash his face, clean his teeth.
‘You're lovely.’ John said simply. It seemed to be his favourite adjective.Hands skimmed down Sherlock’s arms.
'You too. Try and give your ankle a break.' John replied, squeezing harder, because he might be the alpha' s lover but he was also practically his doctor. He left with Greg realising with a stab of reflexive jealousy that
'There was something synthetic about it. The smell.' He'd been contemplating this in the car, comparing the scent to John. Obviously different omegas had different scents but this was more than that. Like the difference between a freshly sliced lemon and that bright yellow liquid Mrs Hudson used to clean the bathroom.
'See you at two tomorrow then. Bye' He looked at Sherlock, defiant.
John sat a plate of French toast in front of him, sitting down opposite with his own. They ate in silence for a while.
She nodded, still scribbling. ‘Ok - so let's talk about why you've no walking stick with you today..’
'There's nothing much to find, he left abruptly though.' Sherlock said, running his eyes over the workbench.
John laughed. 'That old chestnut. Not a problem, how about you?' Blue eyes regarded him keenly as if John were already in character as the besotted mate. John had told him after all, that he wouldn’t stop trying but to be flirted with suddenly, here, caught him off balance. He supposed that was the point.
'Was it because of this morning?' The detective said, slowly rinsing dishes, eyes fixed on them like they were a delicate experiment.
There was only ten minutes of visiting left and John knew he should really go but sitting so close he was drawn to Sherlock's scent all over again. Post heat it soothed rather than inflamed and he felt his own drowsiness catching up with him. He rested, just for a second, on the scratchy blanket, his head pillowed on his arms next to the detective, somehow ridiculously comfortable.
Sherlock's phone buzzed in his pocket.
'At the weekend he took me to this nightclub he has a share in. Flash place, made me feel about a hundred but anyway, it was going well. He was a bit pissed and he was moving in the direction of making me a serious offer, you know, cash. Suddenly he decides he wants to take me through the back. Says he's got a surprise for me. So I'm thinking the worst. We go through to this room, just as flash as the rest of the place but with a naked girl lying on a bed. John, you should have seen her. Her eyes were so - gone - and she had this blotchy flush everywhere.'
' Basically because I've been passed over for promotion, I'm within a few years of retirement and -since the divorce- I'm pretty much broke. I'm a textbook target.' Greg grimaced, running his hand through his hair.
I apologise for the rather soppy ending to this chapter (a bit anyway...). Seemed to me Lestrade should get something nice too after everything and it just sort of happened.
'This is not how people normally enjoy weddings you know.' John said with amusement as he was dragged. Reflecting that Sherlock was stronger than he looked for his skinny frame and wondering how that would play out in more intimate circumstances.
##########
Sherlock woke up hard, nothing particularly strange in that. It happened every so often and he usually dealt with it quickly and efficiently, like any other inconvenience of the transport. This time though, he was weighed down with sleeping John Watson, arousing and soothing all at once.
‘Probably…’ Sherlock was interrupted by his own phone. His expression grim as he listened. Harry was sitting, awkwardly fidgeting with her cup, obviously wondering whether she should stay or go.
There was a pause on the line as John remembered the goodbye kiss that morning that had somehow ended up with John pressed against the wall of the landing with Sherlock's thigh wedged between his. John almost felt sorry for Mycroft (sneaky, nosy bugger that he was) because no big brother should have to watch a sibling in that sort of situation. Still, served him right for installing the bloody camera.
He shuffled along the sofa, pulling a stiff Sherlock into his arms and burying his face in dark hair.
'What stopped you?'
'All the smugglers know it. It’s based on a book ...'
He excused himself, heading for one of the French doors that seemed to have been left open for smokers. There were steps down into a rose garden and he sat on a stone bench fighting the urge to cry or hit something, probably both. He knew Sherlock was too much of an independent thinker to hang on his parents opinions but it still stung.
'I'm good at the moment. Job, flat, the usual stuff all, you know, fine.'
'I dont need details Sherlock. I just need to know you're -
‘John-stop.’ He had reached out and grabbed John’s wrist as he passed. ‘I’m not some sort of hero John, I need you to understand that-or-you’ll just be disappointed.’ He’d made the physical contact without thinking, just a way to make his point but now John’s skin was warm and his pulse strong. He felt John resist slightly then relax, sigh, turn in the grip.
The floor Lestrade’s team worked on was already chaos. Someone senior, with a lot of braid on his hat was addressing a team that was putting on body armour. Sally stood at the edge of the group and looked, for the first time John could remember, pleased to see them. She gestured them into a conference room.
'Is it enough to do something?' John said.
OK. He wouldn't send any omega, less still one he cared about as much as John into that situation and yet...
'I want this..you.' Sherlock said, his usual eloquence gone as he shifted between John's legs and ran fingers reverently along his inner thighs.
'It's fine, just let me.' He planted a quick kiss on Sherlock's forehead.
It didn't hurt, not really, not when compared to the relief. It wasn't just having something inside him, good, right as that felt. It was the mix of hormones, his, the alphas. An effect that only increased each time the alpha took him.
‘Best give yourself five minutes.’ Sherlock’s gaze lingered for a second in John’s lap.
‘Murray has been to a brothel.’ Jones said with an eyebrow raise.
They walked to the side of the building in a casual roundabout way. The lock on the temporary site door was laughably easy.
'What are you up to Mycroft?'
'No, they won't leave without what they came for.' It was always a long shot, getting Dimmock to raid the theatre.' Dimmocks rant about his overtime bill was still ringing in their ears. 'Back to the books I suppose.'
‘Patience captain.’ William breathed close to his ear, going for his belt. ‘I want to make sure you’re good and…
‘They're going in. Not just here, his other two places. They'll pick him up too.' Sally Looked pleased , relieved as she came back. ‘Apparently one of the omegas from the other day is talking. Dimmock’s managed a warrant for the nightclub on the strength of it. Some problem with the other posh place though, sounds like an admin thing.’
‘John I riled him up, his response was predictable.’
When it had first been clear why Sherlock was dressed up John had entertained notions of something hard, fast, dirty. The two of them collapsing into a heap on the floor after with satisfied grins. This wasn’t that. ‘Is that what you want? More...just touching? We can do that.’
He moved quickly, John giving his backside an affectionate squeeze as he passed.
clear there wasn't some plan to have his wicked way with John.
'I should go mingle.' He nodded politely before hurrying back inside.
As William eased himself back up between John’s legs shirt buttons were nimbly opened. It was like some sort of inverted striptease, John losing clothes while the man almost in his lap stayed dressed.
'We used to do this at my old station. Lestrade said, delicately moving the mechanism.
‘How is he?’ Lestrade asked.
‘The British Government.’ Sherlock replied calmly.
‘Just getting some peace and quiet.’ John said, sipping his drink in a way that was supposed to be nonchalant but backfired when he somehow poured it down his shirt.
’ Mrs Hudson alongside a heavier tread.
'As I say sedation is the main treatment, and keeping him as comfortable as possible in isolation. There are hormonal therapies that we can try if it lasts abnormally long but there are side effects. He's on IV fluids. Omegas in his condition they...struggle to care for themselves. He's in a lot of discomfort.'
'They stepped into the circle of paraphernalia set up by the forensics team. The face white and clammy under harsh lights.
‘I met someone. Helped them with - a few things.’ John said defensively.
I've enjoyed this. What I'm saying is, if you need a medical opinion, if I'm available, I'm happy to help. Regardless of whether you let me near your arse again or not. Though I'm available for that too.’
'The bath. Only family rooms have a bath rather than a shower. He asked for it specially we wondered if it was because he was going to...you know.' She lifted her wrists and glanced uncomfortably at Sherlock who, in turn, glanced uncomfortably at John, remembering the gun.
‘Happened last night. Journalist shot dead in his flat; doors locked, windows bolted from the inside – exactly the same as Van Coon.’ Sherlock said, nodding at his laptop screen.
The officer opened his mouth to say something else but thought better of it, walking away talking into his radio as his colleague hand cuffed the thief.
‘Thank you. Please take a seat.’ John sat and listened as Ms Adler went over the house rules. These only amounted to what you would reasonably expect to keep everyone safe, protect everyones privacy, and this reassured John somewhat. The prostitutes (her staff as she called them) sat in purple chairs in the bar, clients in green so everyone knew who was who.
‘He likes it though.’ John said, looking him up and down. ‘The intrigue, the little clever twists.’ John made a twisting gesture with his fingers that somehow seemed to match the break in his voice.
‘I think we'll find once all is done this was far more her show than we knew.’ Sherlock said. Sally frowned, doubtful. He could understand why. For probably half her career the alpha gangster had been a shadowy figure at the back of all sorts of things. Not least police corruption.
'Luckily I've had more success.' His brother dropped a flyer on the table. 'Yellow Dragon Circus, Chinese, one night only. I took the liberty of booking tickets. Immigration records were most revealing.'
‘No, he was dressed, they were both dressed.’ Lestrade said, looking at some notes.
'I was wanting to speak to you anyway, I'm going to be out of London for a few days – my sister that I told you about. Can you keep an eye on Sherlock? I mean he's got Mrs H and his brother will keep a close watch but taking some food over one night would be a big help. Try to keep him eating something.' John suddenly wondered, given their performance last night (in two rooms), exactly how close a watch Mycroft was keeping on his brother. Probably best not to think about it.
‘You'll be fine. I can't see John.being the sort to just lie there anyway. I think you'll be given direction.
'Let's try and get you more comfortable.' Sherlock said softly, looking at John with a sort of awe. He grabbed a handful of tissues and cleaned John's semen off his stomach before pulling a couple of pillows onto his chest and encouraging the wiped out omega to lean forward, gingerly shifting his legs to make it easier. He finally pulled a blanket over John's back.
‘And?’ Sherlock prodded, definitely at the end of his patience now.
'I'll try.' John grinned.
Sherlock felt awkward, like he'd been caught out. 'It's just-like this.' He rubbed John's skin.
'OK-I'll ask. How did you know he was married? Tan line on the ring finger?' Molly said as the door clanged shut.
‘So how did you find out about us? A little bit of a trek for you isn't it?’ She said as she wrote a prescription. He knew she didn't just mean geographically. The clinic was in a decidedly poor area.
'It'd be good, to see you settled.' Harry John could protest that it was early days she sat bolt upright with a small yelp, staring at her laptop.
'It probably is time for you to go. I'll call you a cab.' The detective stood and John became aware that he was standing too, a few scant feet from his flatmate.
'So, tomorrow night?' John persisted and Greg took pity.
. As he spoke to John, he realised that he would have gladly spent time in his company anyway. It was unnerving.
‘Bespoke. For me.’ He was aware he sounded flattered.
He had decided, as he embroidered the posh brothel fantasy, that it was a man he wanted. He had a feeling, probably wrong, that a woman, even paid for, would feel the need to sympathise with his injury, his predicament. The two dates he’d gone on since his discharge had taken this form…
‘No, well, that's not why we're here though is it.’ The cabbie goes on to explain, a good pill and a bad pill. The cabbie takes the one he doesn't choose. A fifty/fifty chance with the pills, or a bullet in the head.
Frankly Sherlock's first thought was that the yellow paint improved the dark turgid portrait, but the interesting bit was the locked room. Secure door, never opened and the only other means of entry a balcony many floors up on the banks disgustingly phallic shaped building.
'And?' Sherlock said sharply with even less patience than usual for Lestrade's meandering explanations.
‘You said that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it. Well, maybe he ... I don’t know, talks to them? Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow.’ John at least was considering the problem.
Baker Street was surprisingly noisy when he got back. Music and giggles spilling out of Mrs Hudson's flat. Her cousin of course. Doubtless wine and possibly 'herbal soothers' had been consumed.
The shot that saved Matt came from Thomson, boorish Thomson. It struck John then, with pain blurring and bittering his mind, that if he'd just turned Bill down, sent Matt to Thomson then, neither of them would be here.
She hadn't been joking about sugary and she was stirring a hot chocolate with the works when she finally started asking questions.
#########
They had an awkward minute or so and John considered offering him a custard cream, just to break the ice, when McMillan started to speak.
‘Horrible,sentimental phrase –but yes. That is what I'm asking in the commonly understood meaning of the expression.’
‘Maybe fresh eyes will help.’
'You don't need to do this now you know. I'm not incapable , I'm not in...'He paused, his irritation ebbing away.
The deflection was obvious but accurate, by the time they got back he'd barely have time for a sandwich before he had to go out again.
A few hours later they were sitting in an old fashioned pub across the road from the address Joe had given them. Practically untouched pints in front of them.
‘I better talk to Sally. We can justify her interviewing them easy enough, another alpha could antagonise them.’
‘Thomson.’ Said with an eyebrow raise. John knew Thomson well, not a bad bloke really but boorish. ‘Look I'm not asking you for a limb. Just to have a lot of sex for a few days. It's fun-from what I remember.’ Bill smiled wryly. He'd married young, nigh on fifteen years ago but it had been a largely passionless affair for the last few years.
He unfolded it with shaking fingers. A beautiful copperplate hand, fountain pen, expensive heavy stationary.
‘Matthew, Matt.’ He replied with a nervous grin.
‘Fine.’ The detective said with obvious reluctance. John went upstairs on the pretext of getting a coat but really to shove the gun into his waistband.
In uniform everyone looked the same but John could feel the slight roundness in Matt's hips and belly that had developed since he presented. After that they took every chance they could. Regulations or not.
'Its like the British library in here.' John said as he surveyed the room. Moving a pile of paperbacks so he could sit on what Sherlock had come to think of as John's chair.
'Fine, that Thai menu is in the kitchen drawer. You can order, you know what I like.'
The thought of a heavily pregnant omega was, he knew, a common alpha fantasy but this was rather more than that. It led off into other thoughts about adapting the flat and redecorating and...
'I suppose I've thought a lot about the sort of alpha I am lately.' Sherlock said out if nowhere, it hardly lightened the mood.
‘Certainly. THe other invoices from the firm are meticulous, perhaps a little too meticulous.’ Sherlock was starting to get that bright energetic look. The one John loved. ‘Call him now.’
##########
'I'll give you both a lift back if you want to leave now, I need to go back to the Yard to sign off on something.' Greg said.
‘Sort of , made very clear to me that there was lots of money and herself on offer if I could help her out. We never quite got to what exactly with but what you said to Sally was right. She's got all sorts on Jim, so she says, enough to put him away for years.’
‘Thanks for this. If nothing else it's kept me out of my bedsit for a few days.’
‘We’re missing something!’ Sherlock barked as he paced, prowled the floor. The usual frustrations around an intractable case made worse by this being their friend.
John did but still nothing. Sherlock went off to call Mycroft, see if the 'people' he had watching Lestrade could shed any light.
‘I'm sure we'll get on fine then, have a seat and I'll get you a top up. ’ Victor held out his hand and Greg shook it, before sitting in John's vacated chair.
'This is lovely.' John moaned, roughly thrusting between Sherlock's thighs as he squeezed, and massaged Sherlock's arse.
‘Exactly. Little chilly to stand around outside if you don't have to.’
By the time Sherlock came back with a box full of papers he was deciding on dinner and cursing that he'd bought neither cereal or bread for the following day's breakfast. Sherlock immediately upended the box on the living room floor, documents sliding in all directions.
‘Thank you Wylie.’ An elegant woman got up from behind an equally elegant antique writing desk. ‘Dr Watson. How nice to meet you, Irene Adler.’ She held out a manicured hand.
'Of course.' The alpha petted John's hair.
Inside it was very like the place Joe had shown John. They methodically searched the rooms. Working together seamlessly as usual. They were on the point of giving up when John noticed the headboard. It was a chocolate coloured velvet and looked deep and squashy but up close was rigid and hollow.
‘Sally Donovan. She’s in my gym, we go to the same spinning classes sometimes.’ Molly shrugged casually, sipping her own coffee. ‘Said you two looked very cosy the other night. John isnt it? Is this a new thing then, one heat plus general dogsbody for the day after?’ Molly was warming to her theme.
. 'The museum.'
'At least promise me no fire escapes for a while,OK?'
‘You mean you don’t want to assume that because I’m dressed as a prostitute that I…’Sherlock tailed off leaning into John’s touch on his neck. ‘That’s nice.’
– but he's going to be hobbling about for the next couple of weeks, full of painkillers. You look like you can handle it. You do trust him don't you? I mean you looked close earlier.'
‘So, how long have you two been a thing then?’ Victor began. ‘ Sorry-If it's too soon, too private..’
As John settled into his arms Sherlock frantically calculated the time it would take to get home. Trying to factor in two sets of roadworks and a tube station closure. Beside him John gave a frustrated sigh and ran a finger round the inside of his collar.
Probably not
'Of course, I know I'm
‘No-I don't mean medical,
So I'm just going to say this-I don't like this chapter. It's been annoying me for weeks. Plot-wise it gets to where I want it to go but-meh.
'That's when you started suppressant?' John asked, leaning forward in a fruitless attempt to catch his eye.
'A bee.' John smiled at him and wriggled closer.
John gave him some advice about suppressant side effects and they stood in silence for a while. Drinking tea and eating the last of the biscuits.
They were signed in at the yard by a young omega constable, her uniform sat uncomfortably on her and she was nervous, eager to please. John smiled reassuringly, trying to offset Sherlock's usual disdain.
“Gentlemen!” I interjected. “If you must argue, please take your disagreement elsewhere! My patient needs peace and quiet, as do I if I am to treat him!”
The servant led me up the stairs and directly to the Irishman’s room. It was the same room he and I had inhabited before. He knocked once and pushed the door open. I walked through, to my meet my fate.
The boy brought the glasses and then sat down next to Wilde, grinning broadly. Although he was a very common lad, Oscar treated him as if he were a young lord, petting and fussing over him.
“Oh, that!” Mick sniffed. “I’m fine, Guv. The inspector is an old worrywart if you ask me.”
“If you will aid me,” I asked the valet.
“Oh,” said Holmes. “I almost forgot.” He reached back into his pocket and pulled out a second ticket. “This is for you, James. We can’t have Mr. Wiggins wandering around America all by himself. He will need someone with sense to keep him out of trouble.”
“I must go,” I said, hastily standing.
“Of course not!” Holmes spat. “Lestrade is a fool. Did you see the wound on the fellow? His throat was slit from the front, which must have sprayed arterial blood to Kingdom Come, yet Wiggins had only a trace on his hands and Dilly none at all. I suspect they walked in shortly after the real murderers left and Mick touched the body briefly to see if Fisher was still alive. It looks as if the pair were set up, Watson. Someone knew they were going to see Fisher and tipped off Lestrade, who arrived just in time to arrest them. He’s a blind idiot not to see the obvious!”
“What then?” His eyes were green in the fading light.
“No,” said Lestrade. “If you must know, we were tipped off. An informant sent us word that a murder was about to be carried out. Unfortunately, by the time we arrived it was too late to stop the grievous offense. Mr. Fisher had already met his sad demise.”
I felt the prick of the blade and a trickle of blood. But Moriarty hesitated.
Then I felt a touch. A hand stroking my hair.
“Yes,” I said. “A night of it.”
And with that Sherlock Holmes and I continued up the Strand and into the City to the courts and gaols of the Old Bailey.
“Don’t joke about it,” I said, my heart thumping wildly.
I felt my face go hot. “My feeble attempt to write a story of mystery and romance. I was paid almost £2 for its publication.”
“Holmes...  when I leave...”
My heart leapt in dread, but also in anticipation. The door of the carriage opened and I walked over and climbed inside.
“This is not your room,” Holmes replied. “It’s Mycroft’s room. Perhaps you were expecting him and are sorely disappointed?”
He pushed me to my knees and I did not falter. I did what was required of me and performed my duty to the best of my ability.
It mattered to... others.
“Please!” he said, gripping my hand. “Let me proceed or I will lose all nerve. For a long time after we began residing together I was at peace. We lived in harmony, more so than I had ever hoped to experience. I expanded my work as a consulting detective with new confidence, knowing I had a partner, someone on whom I could always rely, a comrade in arms, a brother in bond, if not in blood. But sometimes I would lose hope and sink into a melancholy, wondering if... if there were more to life than what I had made for myself. But I was afraid. I had been... hurt. I could not open myself up to that kind of hurt again. And so I resolved to keep myself at a firm distance. And when I could no longer bear it, I took out my morocco case and sent myself to another world – at least for a short while.”
“I agree with you on that,” I readily concurred.
“Yes,” said Holmes. “I will return directly.”
“I want you to do to me what I saw you do to that boy in Cleveland Street,” he said. “I want you to make love to me, John. To kiss me. To possess me. To fuck me. Because if you do not, then I don’t believe I can continue to exist.”
But Wilde’s friend, Mr. Ross, was staring at me intently. He leaned over and whispered some intelligence in Wilde’s ear.
But now I needed to face the truth. My feelings for Holmes had grown over the years until they threatened to overwhelm me. My misstep with Mick Wiggins and the weekend at Sherringford Hall had only confirmed the power of my... my attraction to members of my own sex. I had long pretended my relations with the Irishman were the result of youthful confusion, or of the Irishman’s irresistible force of mind. But that was never the entire truth. I may have been compelled the first time, but thereafter I did what I did with him because I wished to. In fact, I had desired it even before he had ensnared me in his power. Even when I didn’t know the name for those forbidden desires, I had them. Even when I was making love to many women and enjoying those carnal pleasures, I still could not rid myself of thoughts of men.
“Love letters are often the means by which a besotted man is caught by his own foolish sentiments,” I lectured. “He pours out his heart to an unworthy female, who then uses his tender feelings against him. I can see why an impressionable young gentleman like Charles Griffith should feel his whole world had ended with the revelation of a thwarted love.”
“We will retain a lawyer for you,” I said. “Buck up, Mick, and don’t despair.”
“Our room,” he said. “And then to dinner.”
“Chimpanzee,” he corrected. “And he isn’t here. He’s still at the Diogenes, dining with Mycroft.”
“Yes, I know that!” The Irishman’s left eye twitched. “I’m not a fool! I know everything about Sherlock Holmes! More than you know, my lad.”
“Oh,” said Holmes. “That’s rather a sticky one. Seems I had better call for a taxi after all. We can put your things in the cab and you can ride to the flat with me. Voila! Problem solved!”
“Heavens! Will this madness never end?” I exclaimed.
“And now you want to destroy...” I paused.
A dinner engagement fulfilled.
That truly chilled me. “You’d be killed!”
I nodded and let the young footman serve me.
“We have been acquaintances for a long while, Watson. Since before you went to Afghanistan,” Stamford leaned forward, confidentially. “So may I be candid?”
“Very well,” I said. “But the others must leave or I cannot concentrate. And I must ask the rest of you to stand back.”
“You... you... killed them?” I stammered. But even as I said the words I knew they were true.
“You have struggled?” Holmes cried. “And so have I! Struggled with emotions I never wished to feel. Struggled with thoughts I masked with ceaseless work, and when that no longer sufficed, with drugs. When I met you that day at St. Bart’s I felt a connection I had never experienced with another person, save one. I was drawn to you as I never am to others, not even to members of my own family. When we went to Baker Street and looked at Mrs. Hudson’s rooms I was of two  minds – I wanted you to say you would come and live with me, but I also wanted you to go far away from my sight. Because I knew your presence would trouble me. Trouble my mind. And also trouble my heart.”
“You may call me John,” I said, my eyes shifting to look at our counselor. I didn’t want to break the rules on my first day. But I couldn’t help asking, “Is your Christian name really Sherlock?”
“But... he might get the wrong idea!” I said.
By a circuitous route we wended our way through the dingy hallways of the facility like a pair of schoolboys evading the headmaster. Holmes pushed open a steel door and we were outside. If this was indeed the garden, it more than lived up to his characterization of it as a dirt pile. In the corner two sagging potted palms sat forlornly.
“Then why are you waiting?” he inquired, reclining on the pillow. “The time is ripe. Why defer the act any longer?”
“Then Lewis took me and Dilly to the Red Cockerel in Holborn,” Mick continued. “That’s when we found out he had another side to him altogether. Lewis was entertaining in this pub, in the back room, wearing ladies’ clothing and calling himself Lady Lee. I couldn’t believe it when I saw him, Guv! He looked like Lillie Langtry, all in feathers and lace. He said he could get Dilly a job there, that she was a natural. And she was. Took to the stage like a duck to water. Didn’t know she could sing so sweetly and look so pretty. And she met a lot of nice gentlemen there, too.”
“Oh, pish tosh!” she retorted. “Better I say them than you let that poxy Lord Brigham do them to you! Are you such a naïf, my dear, that you don’t know what they want a beautiful boy like you for?”
After consuming the toast that James brought, I dressed and went to see Dr. Anstruther in neighboring Marylebone Road. He was a no nonsense general practitioner, brusque and unsentimental, but also very ambitious. He was always willing to take on new patients, no matter where they came from. But still he viewed me with a jaundiced eye, undoubtedly believing me to be of a too unsettled and frivolous temperament to be a reliable physician.
The Irish Sea was grey even under a sunny midsummer sky. The steamship, the Irish Princess, was also grey. But it looked substantial, as if it could cross the Atlantic with no great difficulty.
But I refused to look. Indeed, I was afraid to look. I’ve never been one for bars or camping it up or any other overt show. That wasn’t the way I’d been raised. Perhaps some might say I had lived much of my life in denial and they’d be correct. I didn’t come out to my father until shortly before his death and my brother only found out under less than fortunate circumstances. But I’d never denied my feelings to myself. I’d known my inclinations from an early age and accepted them, even if I was loathe to broadcast them.
“Holmes!” I cried, springing to his side. I turned him over. His white linen shirt was red on the right where blood was seeping through badly applied toweling. “I told you he needs to go to a hospital!”
“I cannot,” I whispered, knowing my wishes were not a surprise to him. “Please let me stay and continue my studies. I can’t live this way any longer. It will be the death of my soul.”
“Our landlady, Mrs. Hudson, has a small staff and they meet our basic needs. I had an orderly in the Army, but otherwise I have always taken care of myself, as has Holmes.”
“Begging your pardon, sir, but you have already been told that’s impossible,” said the warder. “You aren’t their lawyer, unless you were called to the bar between this morning and now, and you aren’t a member of Scotland Yard, so what gives you the right to question prisoners accused of a capital offense?”
Holmes did not look at me, but kept his eyes upon the stage. “I did not say any such thing, Watson. My desires, if they exist, are of no consequence to this case. We are here to solve a crime and serve our client. That is all that matters.”
And Sherlock Holmes.
“That was rare, sir!” Thommie cried. “I came all over, too, just from your cock inside me.” He sat up and looked over my shoulder. “Are you ready for a go, too, sir? Just give me a few moments to catch me breath.”
I finished stitching and bandaging, then eased Holmes back upon the pillows. “Will you return to Baker Street tonight? I can try to make you comfortable in a hansom.”
“Are you a married man, sir?” the boy asked me.
“I don’t have a valet,” I insisted. “And I don’t need one to dress. I haven’t needed one yet and I won’t in the future, although how a lord like you has done without one all these years is a true mystery.”
“Certainly, Colonel.”
“I shall. Good-night to you, James.”
“Yes,” I said. “I mean, no. I mean, not exactly. The Hall is lovely and everyone here has been deucedly kind to me in my convalescence, but I miss Baker Street. I miss Mrs. Hudson and Gladstone. I miss being in my own bed, by my own hearth. Perhaps it’s foolish, but it’s the place closest to my heart, the only place since my childhood I could rightly call home.”
But the footman remained. “My cousin is valet to Major Griffith who holds Campton Grange,” he offered. “He’s been teaching me how to serve a gentleman. How to brush clothes and lay out the linen. I can tie a cravat four different ways – Alfie showed me!”
I indicated the luggage. “Are we leaving so soon?”
“You and Mr. Holmes – leaving? This is the first I’ve heard of it!”
He stood very still, his mind alert to my words. “Have you come here to offer me Holmes? That isn’t like you at all. You are the most loyal creature on the face of this earth.”
Holmes set down the pot and picked up his cup. “I am going to my room. I’m fatigued and I must get up early tomorrow to meet with the lawyers before they question Wiggins and Mitchell.”
That was the trouble. My entire existence was wrapped around Sherlock Holmes. I had little to occupy myself outside his compelling sphere. My meagre medical practice did not come close to interesting me in the way Holmes did. It did not rule my life, waking and sleeping, the way Holmes did. I was merely an appendage of Sherlock Holmes. An instrument. A shadow.
“I suppose not.” Inside the box was a beautiful golden stickpin adorned with a perfect sapphire. “It’s exquisite!” I exclaimed.
But to my dismay, he met my self-destructive fury with a surprising gentleness, even tenderness. That is when all the fight left me, for I knew something then I did not want to know – the Irishman loved me. He didn’t simply desire me or selfishly wish to possess me, he was in love with me. And that love defeated me utterly. I took to my bed, unable to eat or speak, and I could see fear in the Irishman’s eyes – fear that I would wither and die.
Chapter 52:
“I don’t know,” said Holmes, pretending to consider the proposition. “Is it far?”
“Perhaps you have that kind of self-control,” I retorted hoarsely. “But I doubt I’ll be able to stop myself from...” I gasped as he took a firm hold of my cock. “Good God, Holmes! I can’t... I just... can’t!”
The butler frowned. “Christmastide. He remained through the New Year and then returned to his pied-à-terre in London.”
Mycroft looked on with supreme unconcern. “You should be able to handle this well enough, Doctor. The wound did not seem deep and Sherlock assured me that no major organs had been compromised. I stanched the bleeding as best I was able and we waited for your arrival. Is there anything else you require?”
I sighed. “Can I see the flat first?”
I ran my hands over Thommie’s body. He was smoother and more girlish than Mick Wiggins, but no less wanton. This was not the body I desired. Not the man I had dreamed of or thought upon for so many hours of my life. This was something of the moment. Something bought with money, but no less willing for being bought. No less sweet.
At that we were called into dinner and continued the conversation there.
Holmes took out the ticket and put it into Mick’s hand. “This is how serious I am. You may use the ticket or cash it in – it is your choice.”
“Never think that, James. No man is better than you, not any gentleman or even a lord for that matter. It’s the character of a man and what is in his heart and not his position in society that is important. It’s taken me a long time to fathom that, but I believe it deeply.”
I moved to the door and pulled at it, but it was locked. “And meanwhile, while you are shillyshallying here, your brother – my intimate friend! – is bleeding to death somewhere in this preposterous maze of a so-called club!”
“That may be out of our hands,” I told him. I could not imagine that Charles Griffith’s little paramour was not a guilty party in this sordid business, but it would be a sad lesson for the lad to learn at so tender an age.
“Young Quigley is my current lieutenant. I am hopeful that he has some intelligence for me.” Holmes paced, his hands behind his back. “If you would excuse me, Watson, but I think the lad will be more forthcoming if it is only the two of us. He’s a bit of a bolter.”
“Think nothing of it!” said Holmes. “Dr. Watson is here and so am I. Please lead us to the patient.”
I threw aside my apprehensions and took him into my arms. “You know that answer! How could you doubt my feelings? How could you have ever doubted them, after all these years?”
“I do,” he said. “When I need to. But I don’t need to.” And then he walked away.
I took a glass of champagne and made my way through the rooms, observing. I was the youngest guest and certainly the poorest, but I knew I looked well in my re-made suit and silken cravat, so I was feeling confident. I also noted that none of the ‘infamous sodomites’ were present – Lady Percy had apparently crossed Lord Brigham and his crowd off her guest list.
“He’s just being petulant,” said Holmes, sitting up slowly. “Ow!” He put his hand on his side.
“Well?” He looked at me expectantly.
“Are you going to tell me what you are doing in my room?” I demanded.
“You like hotter, Doctor, sir?” asked the Russian.
I was truly taken aback by Alfie’s revelations. My mind immediately flew to the Salisbury and other such ‘theatrical’ establishments. But I imagine the low dives where such she-men ply their trade are not to be found on St. Martin’s Lane or even Charing Cross, but deep in the shadows of the City, far from the knowledge of decent folk.
I slept late the next day. Thankfully, my repose was devoid of dreams. I believe my exhaustion and the stress of the events of the previous day collaborated with Morpheus to bring me the respite I so craved.
Dr. Koenig, a small and unruffled man, oversaw his domain with a gentle but resolute hand. He didn’t ask questions – he knew I’d just come from rehab, so I assume the director had given him all the background he needed to know – but put me directly to seeing patients. It no longer mattered to me that my days as a surgeon were in all likelihood over, I was a doctor again and that’s what was important.
Holmes and Watson discuses their new case.
James was waiting outside the door to direct me to the library. “You could get lost in this house if you don’t where you’re going, sir.” He guided me into another, newer wing of the house and opened the door to a large Georgian-style room lined with books from floor to ceiling.
“Ah!” sighed Holmes. “That’s the ticket!”
I rose and found my clothes, dressing noiselessly. Then I unlocked the door of the bedroom and went into the outer room.
“Thank you, James,” I said. “You are too kind.”
“I suppose I am,” I replied. We stopped before my chamber door.
“I knew I would come in handy to you one day,” I said coldly.
“I see,” said Holmes. “It’s been a very long day. We’ll see to Wiggins’ cat tomorrow.”
“Never looked at it that way,” the captain admitted. “But you can’t count savages the same as good, honest Englishmen, can you?”
“But... I don’t think we should begin yet...”
I held my breath. “Why did that come into your mind?”
“Jane tells me you are the adventurous sort, Doctor,” said Miss Morstan, her voice low and caressing. “I am very interested in adventure. At least in reading about adventure. You are a published author, I am told? How very thrilling!”
“Well,” said Holmes. He turned and looked at Major Griffith. “Who found him?”
Having lost my innocence at 17 in a house of ill fame in Amsterdam, I set about discovering what else in life I had been missing.
He left me in the dim room, my mind swirling with emotions. But to what avail? I had now given in twice to the urges I had suppressed for so long. But I found I was not sorry. My body craved periodic emissions in the same way it demanded to perform other vital functions. So I took the Russian’s sage advice, shut my eyes, and rested. Then I slept. Not for long, perhaps ten or fifteen minutes, but I woke improved, as if I had slept a long and dreamless sleep. Ivan’s special treatment was precisely what I had needed.
That made me laugh. “Would you prefer to go three rounds with one of those bruisers at the Punchbowl? Or at Alison’s rooms?”
“Yes,” said Holmes, glowering at Fred darkly. “No funny business, my dear Watson! They want us to get to it, without actually getting to it.”
The carriage was large, of dark wood, with a crest on the side. The door opened. “Get in. ’Tis a long walk down to the city.” The accent was now clearly Irish, no attempt at disguise.
I shuddered to imagine what that might be.
“Here! Gladstone!”
“I’ll try,” said the lad, but his face was filled with terror.
Mick looked abashed. “I’ve known Dilly since we was kids on the street. She was a tiny thing and couldn’t defend herself, so I protected her and saw she got fed and had a safe place to sleep. You look out for each other when you’re living rough, know what I mean? She was one of the Irregulars for a while. Don’t you remember, Guv?”
“He is...” I hesitated. I had only met the man on a few occasions, in every instance in connection with one of Holmes’ cases. “A substantial fellow, of keen intellect and solitary habits.”
“I must get to the bottom of this if I am to save you and Dilly,” Holmes said urgently. “Tell me, Wiggins – who else might want William Fisher dead?”
“Yes,” he answered. “Last night’s attack at Baker Street was deadly serious, but this seems more an attempt of chance. The Professor must have put a bounty on my head and Redmond spied me and thought he’s make a try. I was coming out of St. James’ Park – he must have followed me from Whitehall. I was on my way to see Mycroft anyway, so I continued onward.”
“Charles is a tender-hearted boy,” I commented. “He seemed more concerned with the fate of his little paramour than he was with his own future.”
In the cab we did not speak.
As he went through the mail, sorting out mine – mostly bills – as he went along, I looked over the newspapers.
“I’m your counselor,” he’d told me, as if this were a summer camp for extremely damaged, over-grown children... which I suppose it was. The whole place had the makeshift atmosphere of camp. But I was used to camps. Much, much worse camps, in much, much worse places than North London, in a nondescript street just off the Bakerloo Line.
“My brother,” I said in sudden panic. “He’ll be coming home from his office soon. He’ll wonder where I am.”
Watson and Holmes face some difficult truths.
“Not in your nature to pry!” I stopped dead in my tracks. “You are the most probing fellow in the entire universe! You will not eat, sleep, or take a moment’s ease until you have gotten every detail out of a problem you have undertaken to solve. Yet about me, your closest companion, you know next to nothing!”
“Yes,” Alfie agreed. “But this is... is something worse, Doctor. It isn’t the one who the letters was written to who demanded money from him, but another, an unscrupulous villain! He drained poor Mr. Charles of his allowance and even caused him to pawn some valuables he inherited from his grandfather. And when that was gone, he borrowed money from his sister, Miss Anne. But when he could no longer pay, the cad went to the major. He showed him one of the letters and said he had more. And he threatened to reveal the contents and leave poor Charles in disgrace!”
Mrs. Hudson knocked on the door. “Mr. Holmes, one of your lads is here and wishes to speak with you.”
“The more fool you, then!” I huffed. And I began walking away, towards Trafalgar where I might find a cab.
Thinking of Baker Street.
For the first weeks I was in his house, I never left the room in which I had first been imprisoned. During the day I stared through the bars on the window, like a bird who vaguely remembers the sky but can no longer fly. In the evening I bathed and prepared myself for the Irishman. And when he came, I never asked questions, never denied him, but only submitted. That was my function – to submit.
“There’s no need.” He picked up a small jar from the nightstand. Holmes can always anticipate my actions. “It’s some of Mycroft’s massage oil, but I believe it will suffice.”
“Perhaps he is in love,” I said, watching the last log split and send a shower of sparks up the flue. “The object may seem to us unworthy, but who can peer into a boy’s soul? Or a man’s?”
But the reckoning always comes. For me it came after a little over a year of cheerful debauchery. I was 18 years old, arrogant, pleasure-loving, and footloose. I was making love regularly to two beautiful women, a French countess-in-exile who was the mistress of a duke, and the wife of a Member of Parliament with a house off Grosvenor Place and an estate in Hertfordshire. I was living rent-free at my brother’s house in Kensington and spending every shilling of my allowance on my wardrobe. For food and drink, I depended on invitations, and I had many. A beautiful face and an ingratiating smile took me far and my mirror told me that I might expect to parlay these gifts of nature into marriage to a wealthy widow or even the daughter of a peer. Then I would be set for life.
“You’ve been there,” he said.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson take on a new case.
“Rather damp,” commented Holmes.
“I didn’t mean to pry, sir,” said James. “I thought maybe you were having a... a love affair.”
“What do you think of that?” I asked.
“Dilly Mitchell, I fear, is a lost cause, but Wiggins – Ah! I had great hopes for that lad,” Holmes said regretfully. “I had never thought to see him on the wrong end of the hangman’s noose.”
On one side was Fred and the entire philosophy of Twelve-Step rehab.
“James is of no consequence,” Holmes dismissed. “You are perfectly capable of dressing yourself without assistance. You have done for many a year without a valet.”
“No,” he sighed. “But your touch is driving me mad! For God’s sake, John, get the rest of my clothes off or I’ll start screaming!”
“Slowly,” I chided. “We have all the time in the world.”
It was difficult leaving the Irishman, but I knew it was what I had to do if I didn’t want to become something I despised.
“What about the doctor?”
“Yes,” I said. “I shall dine with you.”
“Mrs. Hudson will be glad that her provisions are appreciated. And how are you, Mick? You look tired.”
I held out my hand and we shook on it. And with that I became Sherlock Holmes’ flatmate.
Usually Gladstone is taken out in the morning and again in the evening by one of Holmes’ Irregulars, a band of street urchins who always seem to be at hand. They are his eyes and ears on the streets of London, as ubiquitous as the mud and just as invisible. They are also very willing to perform any small deed in Holmes’ service, from delivering messages, to hailing cabs, to hauling coal for Mrs. Hudson’s stove. And walking Gladstone.
“One day, my dear Watson,” he has said to me on more than one occasion. “One day you will reveal my techniques to the greater world, bringing me fame unlike any ever known by a modest consulting detective and resident genius. You shall be my Boswell, for every great man needs his official biographer.”
“Title?” I thought back to the way James – the footman, not the king – had referred to Mycroft as ‘His Lordship.’
“He and his brother were born in this house, even as were Mycroft and myself,” Holmes commented, rustling the sheets with his restless movement. He was very close to me, too close for my mind – or body – to be completely at ease.
Returning to London was like being jolted back to life after a long and languid sleep. I was still in some pain, but I did not notice it as much because there was so much to absorb me. It was truly good to be home!
“And Holmes has... a certain reputation.” Stamford stepped carefully.
Sweat and pain. Pain and sweat. How long did it go on? Hours? Weeks?
“And...” he added in his baiting manner. “You had Major Griffith’s good lady eating out of your hand like a prize cow.”
“Quite,” said Holmes. “And where is my friend to be ensconced?”
“A fruitless oath, since you never knew that unfortunate lady,” Holmes retorted. “Now when are you going to tell me the entire truth?”
“Is your father still in the East?” I inquired.
“You’ll pay what I pay,” said Holmes. “Which is nothing. I told you Mycroft owns this building and the flat has been empty. He wants me to live somewhere secure and he wants me to live with someone who’ll keep an eye on me. I’ve consented to move here only if you’ll come in with me. I think it’s a capital arrangement, suitable to both parties – and agreeable to my brother, as well as the idiots at rehab who signed off on my release.”
“The very same,” answered Holmes. “This is where he met Dilly Mitchell. And where we are going to find our contact to take us into Cleveland Street.”
“And now I’ll do well for you, Doctor,” he said. And with that he put his arms around my neck and, standing on tiptoe, kissed me directly upon the lips.
“You two make me blush!” laughed Mrs. Stamford. “But my husband was too lean before. It is a wife’s job to feed up her spouse. You are looking rather thin yourself, Dr. Watson. Good, regular home-cooking would do you well.”
“I thought you were a Confederate?” I said. “I didn’t know they acknowledged the legitimacy of their conquerors. You see, sir, I may have been locked away in a strict Jesuit school, but I was allowed to read ‘The Times’ and other newspapers. I am not completely ignorant of the world – even if I am merely an impertinent boy!”
He sat up straight, his eyes glittering with triumph. “Of course you may, my dear fellow. It’s a wonderful flat, actually. Centrally located. It’s in a block my brother owns. There is a building society on the ground floor, then offices, then some flats above. Ours is on the top, almost like a penthouse. It’s very private.”
“Quite,” I coughed.
“If I were dying I would wish for the last thing I beheld on this earth to be the face of the one I loved,” I stated. “I believe Dilly Mitchell would wish for the same.”
“I must take the food for Mick and Dilly over to the gaol first,” he said, standing. “And I’ll keep taking food over there until they’re free. That might be a long while, mightn’t it, sir?”
“Thank me? For what?”
Little did he know how much I wanted to unburden myself to him, but I could not. “It isn’t about trust. I cannot explain. Let it go. Please?”
I gulped the fresh night air as a man who was drowning and is pulled from the water to safety. We stood for a number of minutes as I regained my faculties. Holmes did not question me, but stood by quietly, his hand on my shoulder.
Yes, that was the excuse I made in my note to Stamford and his bride.
“Ha!” Holmes brayed. “Capital, Watson! I should force my brother to come out and take a turn in the ring with me. Can you picture that? He always used to get the better of me when we were lads – he was so much older and larger. But the tables are turned now! Yes, the tables are turned!” He bit off another piece of sausage and threw the remainder to the dog.
“That’s my boy,” Holmes urged. “Shall I call your valet?”
“Yes,” I said. “We’re in agreement.”
Mrs. Ralston thanked me profusely and then thanked me again. I wanted to say, “Madam, do not thank me – I had little to do with this happy event, thank God!” but I refrained. Women do not understand humor; they are literal creatures to the extreme.
“Perhaps you should sit down?” Holmes guided me towards the main salon. “There are chairs over here. Did you notice that large portrait of the female in blue? That’s a Vernet, and a damned fine one! I knew there was a reason I was sent that invitation.”
“Could you manage a walk of two or three miles? It will be shorter if we cross the downs.”
Holmes nodded. “I haven’t forgotten. That’s heroism, my dear fellow, not thrill. You walked boldly into the mouth of battle because that was your duty, that was the calling of your honour. But to seek danger when you could seek safety, that’s a distinct kind of excitement.”
“Fancy some company, sir?” asked a redheaded lad with a cheeky grin.
“Well, it hasn’t,” I said, holding my head at an arrogant angle as the other patrons stared and whispered. Let them look! Let them stare! I no longer gave a damn!
“I can speak,” he said. The rasp had faded, but his voice was still weak. “But I have nothing to say to you.”
The son and daughter-in-law had a considerable laugh at that, but Mrs. Barker scowled fiercely at me and even more fiercely at Holmes.
“Lady Percy!” I was truly astounded. I had never heard a woman of gentle birth speak so crudely in my entire life. “I cannot believe you would say such things!”
“I like women,” I stated. “You do not.”
“I know it’s one of your favorites.” Holmes’ hand was on my shoulder. “The beefsteak is first rate. Good British food and none of that Frenchy stuff, right?”
The portrait of my mother on one hand – and the Irishman on the other! I needed to leave before I endured a complete mental collapse.
“His mind? Bah!” The Irishman growled the words. “His intellect? Sherlock Holmes is a mere insect compared to me! I will crush him under my boot heel!”
The door opened and James came back into the room. “Here’s your bag, Doctor.” He set it on the table. “I fetched it as quick as I could.”
I nodded. “Yes, I am quite well. It was only a... a momentary lapse. It has passed.”
“Why didn’t we take the train?” I questioned. “What are we running from? Tell me!”
“My name is Holmes,” he corrected. “Certainly. I always have something to say.” And then he was silent.
He took the cool cloth from my forehead. “The fever’s broken, Doctor. How do you feel?”
“And what school was that?” asked the man. He was tall and exceedingly lean, in his mid-30’s or thereabouts, lounging against the doorframe and smoking a long French cigarette.
“And why did you not tell me all this?” I asked. “Or didn’t you trust me?”
To the mother and child I prescribed a regimen of warm rooms and mild steam along with a tincture of eucalyptus for the child to breathe in at night. The boy was basically healthy, but I warned the mother that if the congestion continued beyond the spring, that a change of climate might be in order. I also suggested more fruit and fresh green vegetables in his diet. She frowned, but said that she would follow my advice. I told her to bring the lad back in a month to gauge his progress.
After a short while the front door opened and a man in a black tailcoat walked down the path. He glared at me through the bars. “Go away,” he hissed.
“I will endeavour to entertain you, my dear lady,” I replied, bowing. “Seeing as I am a confirmed bachelor who must sing for my supper.”
“What are you doing here?” I did not turn around. That was one face I never desired to see again as long as I lived.
“Have you seen what you wanted to see?” I said, my eyes never leaving his face. “Are you satisfied? And are you ready to leave now?”
“Love!” Holmes almost spat out the word. “Romantic drivel! Thank heaven you and I are men of rational thought, Watson. Neither of us would ever be swept up in such a maelstrom of emotion and disaster.”
“Yes,” said Holmes. He put his arms around me and, to my surprise, he kissed me, very softly and very sweetly. “I am happy. I did not know that I could ever experience happiness in the way others know it, or in the way it is portrayed in books or poetry or opera. I believed such a state of being was mere fantasy. But now...”
This indolent life took its toll, leaving my body slack and weakened, which was not to the Irishman’s liking. So he instructed his bodyguards to teach me fisticuffs and also engaged an Alsatian fencing master to spar with me daily with the foil and shortstick. The Alsatian started me on a course of exercise to strengthen my legs and upper body – a regimen that served me well in my recovery from the horrors of Afghanistan and which I use to this day to keep in fighting trim.
“Tonight?” I couldn’t imagine what he was talking about.
Holmes put his face right up next to Mick’s. “Listen to me, you foolish boy. I’m trying to save you from the gallows. But you must be honest with me. You must tell me everything!”
He was still for some moments, as if considering. We lay there so quietly I could hear his heart beating. It was a sound that made me happier than I have ever been in my life.
“Quite,” I said, turning my face away. “I misspoke.”
“It sounds like a lonely life.” I could not help but think of my own forlorn hours at school, my mother dead and my father and brother little concerned about my welfare or happiness.
“And what was that?” she inquired. “Is it about that cat? Because she’s been no trouble, but I wonder how much longer we must keep her here.”
“Quite,” I said, covering myself with my cloak.
“Why do you bring up this subject?” he said testily.
“A while ago,” said Holmes. “But he prefers rooms nearer his Club in St. James, so this has been empty for some time. He suggested I make use of it, since I can’t go back to my old digs.”
The Irishman was in his dressing gown, sitting at his writing table. The room was in disarray, with cases and boxes half packed and clothes in piles on the divan and the chairs.
As the cab rattled through the dark streets I made notice of something. “Holmes, we are going in the wrong direction. Cleveland Street isn’t this far from Baker Street. I believe we just passed through Russell Square!”
To my surprise it was excellent. A plain oxtail, but nicely done, as good as the soup at Marcini’s. The second course, a white fish in sauce, was also splendid, as were the lamb cutlets with spiced potatoes that followed. Lovell then produced a dish of seasoned greens for a salade verde. “Mr. Sherlock has instructed Cook to make this for you every evening, Doctor.”
Perhaps...
What else was there for me? The clinic, my horrid room, and more pathetic nights like the one I’d spent with the Oxbridge snob. Yes, Holmes was an Oxbridge snob as well, but the difference was that I was in love with Holmes. And he knew it.
But...
“Yes,” said Holmes. “To the lodgings of one William Fisher, full-time pimp and part-time blackmailer. He resides just off Old Compton Street in Soho.”
The Irishman’s hot breath was on my neck. “Moran is... useful. But he’s not a favorite. I have no favorites. No one knows my mind. I let no one know it. I have learned my lesson on that account.”
“And yet he has broken the law,” Holmes pointed out.
“Did you have something to say, Sherlock?” asked Fred. His face bore the long-suffering expression of an exhausted hound or a beleaguered social worker.
“Open your eyes. Please, sir?”
Perhaps I dwell on these things because I have been on my own for so long: my mother dead in my early childhood, my father a remote figure with little time for children, my elder brother of unsettled and uneven character. When I was still at school my father died, leaving only enough money for my education and little more. My brother, trained in law, eschewed that practice and instead followed business schemes that always seemed to go awry, usually due to his mind being befuddled by drink. He swiftly lost his inheritance – what little there was of it – and went to seek his fortune in the colonies, first the West Indies, then Australia. I never saw him again, learning of his untimely fate only when an unknown solicitor in Sydney sent me his personal effects, chiefly a few letters and our father’s watch.
“You may withdraw, Mr. Collins,” said Holmes. “Neither I nor the good doctor is smuggling a shovel with which Mr. Wiggins might dig his way out.”
Why was I here? What was I looking for? I had only a few nights of freedom left to me, yet here I was, walking aimlessly.
Sherlock Holmes was already in his country clothes, his red cravat loosely tied. “Get up and dress! It’s an emergency!”
John Watson faces the Irishman.
I will not describe the dreams I had, except to say that they revisited my deepest, darkest fears. The disturbing events of the previous night were nothing compared to the terrors that met me in the land of sleep.
I sipped some of the liquid courage. Now was the time. If I waited any longer I would not be able to say the words. I had told Mrs. Hudson and James, I had arranged with Anstruther, now all I needed was to tell Holmes. Then I could leave England with my mind clear, even if my heart was far from free of regrets.
Yes, that was it. The thing I’d been avoiding. The one thing I did not want to consider. But here it was, so obvious, so clear. At least it was clear to me, for I had no idea what Holmes’ feelings were, if, indeed, he had emotions like a normal human being.
I winced. “I pray that day will never come.”
“I think Miss Morstan has taken a fancy to you, old man!” he leered, digging me in the ribs. “She’s a corker, is she not? And you always liked blondes, as I remember.”
“Nearby,” I said. “A savage and mountainous land.” I closed my eyes, thinking about it. “I almost died there. I was hit in the leg as well. That wound was not life-threatening, but it troubles me more now than the shoulder. This bath is quite soothing to it.”
“No!” Wiggins wailed. “Doctor! For the love of God! You know me. You know I wouldn’t do nothin’ like this!”
I must have been mad even to consider it. I was in love with him and he was only using me.
“You are making progress,” he said, his voice somber. “And you’re not a hopeless addict, John. You never were. You’re a normal man caught up in wretched circumstances. You’ll succeed. I know you will. And you’ll leave here at the end of your month, which is swiftly approaching, and go back to your normal life.”
“So do I,” I agreed.
Holmes smiled with satisfaction. “Thank you, Watson. You always know what I need, when I need it.”
I immediately realized how out of touch I was with my fellow travelers, or indeed with contemporary fashion and mores in general. For one thing, no one else was wearing a tie. Many were not wearing shirts at all, or else the skimpiest of singlets. And they were young. Perhaps no younger than I, but they seemed of a different generation. With my plain white shirt, my brigade tie, and my officer’s moustache, I was a living anachronism. I winced to think that I had made a dreadful error.
“It is easy to be kind to a beautiful and noble lady such as yourself,” I said sincerely.
“And I feel the same,” I said, my heart exploding with happiness, terror, and relief. “I have felt the same since the moment I met you.”
Perhaps this was what I needed. Something to make me forget. Something...
And, he was telling me, being seen with eligible females would quiet the gossip about Holmes and myself.
“No matter what Holmes says, I’m fine! And I don’t need a nursemaid for a simple walk to the park,” I retorted.
“Come, Watson,” said Holmes, changing the subject. “The folly beckons!”
“This place is like a Chinese box!” I complained. “Why was he not taken to a hospital?”
“No,” I breathed. “I fear... not.”
Only in the dark were we able to put aside our exile from each other, and even then furtively, briefly. And never the completed act – that would have been too risky, too fraught with the possibility of discovery.
“In the end the tutor was dismissed,” said the housekeeper. “Afterwards Mr. Sherlock was even more obstinate and solitary in his ways. He was even short with the servants, which he’d never been before. Whenever the Earl or Mr. Mycroft tried to get out of him what had happened between him and his tutor, his face clouded over and he dug in his heels and would say not a word about it. He was ever a stubborn young lad.”
“Until I saw you at Cleveland Street. I already knew you had been...” he paused, his expression full of pain. “Been acting upon your carnal needs. With Mick Wiggins. He has always had a passion for you, you know. And I know there have been others, too. The thought of it made my blood surge with jealousy, yet I could not put myself forward. And once you had acted upon your nature, I feared the floodgates would open and you would eventually find someone... else. Someone who could give you what I could not. Or what I wanted to give, but was too apprehensive to offer. Too apprehensive even to admit to wanting.”
“None of us are,” I observed.
“You!” he breathed, breaking off the kiss and glaring at me. And then he slapped me across the face with all his might. It stung, but only that. Any pain I felt was not physical. “You slept with Holmes! I can smell him on you – taste him on you!”
“Sunday,” I agreed.
I sneezed. And then sneezed again.
“I must stay,” asserted the major. “And my man, Barton, too.” Major Griffith indicated a well-dressed servant standing on the far side of the bed. “There are... things which you must know.”
There was a short note on top. “To Mr. Sherlock Holmes – For your enjoyment,” it read. And was signed, “Your very humble and excellent servant. M.” Enclosed were sketches, done on creamy paper of a kind common in Italy.
“And Mr. Holmes, as well,” I said quickly. “He will assist me.”
“Do you want more water than this, sir?” he asked, indicating the bath.
“Lead the way.” Holmes cast me a triumphant wink as he followed Major Griffith out of the room.
“Doctor Watson!” the young man cried. “I wager you’re surprised to see my face.”
John Watson… a brave man.
“He sounds the perfect companion,” I said, a seed of jealousy opening inside me.
“I’ve never had any trouble finding a place for myself, Guv’nor,” said Mick, his chin lifted high.
Gladstone began whining, his paw tapping at my leg.
“If it wasn’t Afghanistan, then what was it, my dear boy?”
I needed to be around a woman. Before it was too late.
“Built by the Fifth Earl,” said Sherlock, looking up the hill at the strange edifice. “Or was it the Fourth? No matter, both were on the outs with the German Georges. Of course, the family owed their fortune to the Buggering Stuarts, so they wouldn’t have been all that happy with a change in dynasties. Are you ready to attempt the climb?”
Holmes squared his shoulders. “I don’t like to drive in the city. It hinders my freedom of movement. I thought I’d break it out of the garage when I came to fetch you. To carry all your gear and tackle. So much better than a cab.”
“Let me help you, Doctor,” the young man said eagerly, reaching for the cotton.
“No man can predict his future – or his fate,” I said quietly. “No man can ever understand the needs and agonies of another human heart – or its inner afflictions.”
“8 o’clock.”
“A good decision, Mr. Wiggins,” Holmes said. “But that’s not the kind of proposition I meant. I have in my pocket a ticket for the Irish Princess. She is a steamship that leaves from the port of Liverpool in a week’s time, bound for New York City. I propose that you take that ship and seek your fortune in the New World. I have some connections in New York and will write you a letter of introduction to help you gain employment. I will also see that an account is opened for you with a decent amount of currency that you may draw upon until you have settled into your new life. I think America is truly a place where you might make a fresh start and leave your old life behind. What do you say to this, Michael Wiggins?”
“Capital!” Stamford clapped me on the back. “You won’t regret it, old chap. Friday, then. We will dine at eight o’clock. Don’t fail me this time.”
I woke the next morning in my bed in Baker Street, drenched in a cold sweat. The nightmares were back with a cruel vengeance
“All right, but I will undress myself. Please get the towels.”
“As you wish.” I was in utter retreat and could not even begin to fight back.
“He was,” said Holmes. “Until...” And then he winced.
“Something I don’t discuss,” I said. “Something I cannot discuss. Ever. Not with you, not with any living being.”
“I was afraid of that,” I replied. And I took out my handkerchief and mopped the sweat from my fevered brow.
“Wot? This?” The young man tugged at the lapels and gave me a cheeky grin. “Looks nice, don’t it? That’s fine material, that is!”
I pushed my way through the throng and out the door. The fog had become almost impenetrable and I despaired of finding a cab.
From the time we left our room in the morning until lights out at eleven o’clock at night, Holmes and I barely spoke. We didn’t eat together, or walk together, or share private moments in the garden. In Group I sat apart from him and didn’t look his way unless he said something, which was rarely.
The Irishman’s arm tightened around me. “Are you threatening me, Johnny Lad?”
“Not necessary. I am a physician, remember? If I need a physic, I have my bag at hand.”
“Watson!” Stamford exclaimed as the maid ushered me into the drawing room. “Good of you to come. You remember my wife, Jane?”
The butler shrugged and let us in.
My mind cast back to Mick Wiggins’ words in his prison cell and I felt ice solidify around my heart. “And are you afraid to speak his name, Holmes?”
Holmes nodded as he lit and drew on his pipe. The smoke rose in the hot room, swirling to the ceiling. “Tell me something. Because I need to know the answer. Did you... love him?”
“That’s hardly fair, Holmes,” I protested. “He’s a mere boy! Surely his tastes are not warped for life?”
“I will have it brought,” said Mycroft. “Come, Sheridan.” He reached his hand out and the ape climbed down and took it. Then they both exited the room.
“Ah,” he sighed after taking a gulp. “The water of life.”
“I think you do,” said James, standing up purposefully. “Begging your pardons, sirs, but this place is a sight. It needs a good dusting and this carpet hasn’t been swept in an age. Look at all the ashes here! And your grate needs cleaning. And your boots polishing. And your cravat is all askew, Doctor. Here – let me.”
Mick winced at the word – as did I. It was difficult to think of Mick Wiggins as a whore, even if that’s what he was.
Two ageing bachelors, living in degraded rooms with a flatulent bulldog, as we progressed towards senility.
No matter what choice I made – life or death – it would be the devil’s decision.
Steady, man! I needed to be steady at this time above all others.
“Watson! Get up, man!”
“I think you boys better go outside and talk over the details,” said Holmes. “We will keep watch by Dilly’s side.”
I recoiled from the man. “He is not my lover! He is my dear friend and companion. But you could never understand such a relationship. Everything you touch, everything you think upon must be as sordid and corrupt as your own self.”
“We’ve left the main road,” the Irishman replied. “The highway is too dangerous.”
It was the redheaded lad who had addressed me the last time I walked into the Salisbury.
And at that moment the Irishman appeared. He always appeared at the exact moment when you were discussing him, as the Devil is said to appear whenever you speak his name out loud.
“They will,” I said. “Now to return to Baker Street.”
“Wiggins?”
Remake it in the company of Sherlock Holmes. Yes, perhaps in his shadow. But that was my own choice.
I came home one afternoon from a session at the fencing master’s salon, to find the house in an uproar.
The Irishman bolted down his claret and poured himself another glass.
Alfie Barton shook his head sadly. “Now you see why the young master wanted to off himself! The guilt of it was tearing him apart, but when his father found out the truth it was more than he could bear! I blame myself, Doctor! I should’ve seen it coming! I should’ve watched him like a hawk!”
Watson begins the story of his youth and education.
I sat in the edge of the bed and wept, stifling the sound with my fist.
“Take it, Mick,” James said softly. “It’s the chance of a lifetime. Don’t think of this place again. Think only of the future.”
“Eliminate you?” I shuddered. “Do you mean the murderers of William Fisher?”
I never ask where Holmes goes at all hours, sometimes for days at a time, returning dressed in rags, or smelling like chemicals, or with unexplained wounds on his body. I never ask. It is not my place to ask. Even when I sit up for hours into the night, staring out of the windows of the sitting room at 221b, listening to the passing hansoms and drays, the whistle of the policeman on his beat, watching the fog thicken and swirl. Wondering if he will ever return.
“Frankly, yes,” I admitted.
“That’s business,” Holmes averred.
“So everyone knew this whole story – except me?” I shook my head wearily. “I’m surprised it wasn’t on the front page of ‘The Times’!”
“They won’t,” Holmes assured me. “And if they do...” He sniffed dismissively. “I’ll take all the blame, no need for you to fret. I can’t get into any more trouble here.” His arm curled underneath my neck in a possessive gesture. “If you want me to go back to my own bed...”
Stanford’s wife was a little woman, not handsome in a conventional way, but with a good-natured face and a trim figure. I remembered that her family was quite wealthy and her parents had set Stamford up in his practice, and – probably – bought them their house as part of her dowry portion.
“I sailed around the Cape on my way to India,” I said with a laugh. “Some days I was so ill I thought I’d die. But I lived. And then the long journey home, the same thing. And we were at sea for weeks. You’ll be in New York in ten days.”
This was not a dream.
“Not far in a cab. It’s in Cleveland Street,” said the lad. “If that would be satisfactory?”
“Eureka!” cried Oscar Wilde. “I believe you are correct, Robbie. Excuse me, my dear John, but are you aware of a gallery over in Bond Street? It is rather new. It’s called the Glendalough, although how it obtained that twee Hibernian moniker is beyond my understanding.”
I winced. That’s always been my curse -- my looks. In medical school and then during my hospital training it was difficult for the professors and resident doctors to take me seriously. Later, in the Army, I struggled to make myself a figure of authority. I even grew a moustache in an effort to appear older. “Youth isn’t always a blessing.”
I have a full-length Victorian story in this Universe which I may begin posting later, if there is any interest.
“It was long ago,” I repeated, well aware that I was no longer the young man portrayed in the Irishman’s treasures.
“You poor fellow,” I said, stroking his unruly hair. “At least he didn’t break your violin.”
“This is most unusual, Watson,” he chastised as I tried to explain that I might be gone from London for some time. “I have covered for you many a time in the past, but only for short periods. But now you say you don’t know when you might return. I find it most unconventional.”
“Of course, it is only the dictates of so-called proper Christian society that have proscribed such relations. Any man who has read the Greeks, especially Plato, would know that the Ancients had a much more enlightened view of men who desired other men. And Renaissance Italy offers us Michelangelo and Leonardo and their sublime creations as proof that sodomy need not preclude genius. Even the Immortal Bard wrote blissful sonnets in praise of a beautiful boy.”
“Is that all you can say about this... this disgraceful display?” I returned.
We had always lived in equal circumstances, Holmes and I, sharing our expenses and subsisting on the same level. I had always assumed that Holmes, as the younger son of a genteel but reduced family, was living on a modest allowance which he supplemented with his earnings as a consulting detective. His needs had never been great, and although he liked his creature comforts, they were not expensive ones. He ate the simple food Mrs. Hudson offered, smoked plain shag tobacco, and wore his suits and dressing gowns practically to rags. His only real extravagance was an insistence on hansom cabs over common omnibuses or the more plebeian underground trains in our perambulations around London.
“She will be no trouble at all. Some scraps of meat and a bowl of milk should suffice to keep her in trim.” A small, white-mitted paw poked out from between the slats of the box and began batting at the air.
“And so it is!” she snorted. “They are competing to see which of them can be the first to get his prick into your bumhole, you foolish boy!”
“Are you expecting him from London this evening?” Holmes quizzed.
“I thought it the best thing to do.” He rose from the chair and pulled me aside. “Come Watson, let us make room for Young Charles.”
At first I ignored it, but as time passed it was harder to suppress the lure of sex. When I was on painkillers they also killed my desire – a desire which Holmes had awakened so keenly. And some days when I walked down the street by one of the pubs or coffeebars where the men spilled out onto the pavement I heard catcalls and come-ons – some embarrassingly explicit – as if I were some loose female available to all.
“You were shot, Doctor,” he said. “Don’t you remember?”
“My dear boy,” he said afterwards as he lit yet another pipe. Now that he was out of rehab he’d exchanged cigarettes for a black briar which burned some potent and distinctive-smelling blend. “What’s that mark on your shoulder? I certainly did not make it.”
“And I’m happy that John wants our help!” Betty gushed.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes!” said the lad. “But don’t let Dilly be harmed! I beg of you.”
“My grandfather, Sheridan, was the Seventh Earl. All in order, no shillyshallying. He married a woman from an illustrious family, Mary Fitzalan, and they had a son, Delafield, the heir to the title.”
“Your brother Mycroft,” I provided.
“I’m looking forward to taking my leisure,” said Holmes, taking out his damned pipe once more and lighting it. “There’s nothing like the country to stimulate thought and encourage relaxation, isn’t that true, my boy?”
“France,” said Holmes. “The Exposition is in progress in Paris. Have you read about Eiffel’s Tower? It’s said to be an architectural wonder.”
“Wiggins informed me that if we, as gentlemen unknown to them, approached the house on Cleveland Street, we would not be admitted. We must either be referred by another patron, or be brought there by one of Hammond’s boys.”
“Whatever! Now be still while I repair the damage.”
I looked around to see Holmes, standing before the closed door. I had not heard him enter, but I knew that he had observed all.
“Pity.”
“Ah!” said Holmes. “I doubt I was ever a baby. Mycroft -- possibly. He’s round and pink and cranky like a gigantic infant. But I believe I was born fully formed, adult and in the full power of my intellect, like Zeus.”
Holmes sniffed. “Grandfather could never stand losing at chess, either. Although he never climbed the curtains. At least not when he was at home.”
“Thanks for the advice,” I said, really feeling like a quisling.
“Holmes, I...”
And as I stood in our quiet sitting room in Baker Street that night after leaving the Irishman’s house, knowing Holmes was somewhere else, wounded and in pain, his life in mortal danger, I knew I had made the right choice, even if it meant the forfeit of my own life.
“Oh, two, if you please,” said Holmes. “I feel the need for a little sweetness tonight, Watson. It feeds the mind. And I have much to think over.”
The driver and his mate unhitched the horses and then disappeared down the sodden road into the mirk. The rain had ceased, so I stepped from the carriage to relieve myself. I foresaw a long wait as the Irishman’s servants sought and procured a new wheel – or a new vehicle.
“You mean the Griffith case? And the murder of William Fisher?”
I am a man of rational thought and don’t believe in spirits and other such tosh, but in such an ancient house, on such a dark night, I could well believe I was being haunted. I swallowed hard and gripped the bedclothes, feeling an eerie presence.
I turned to look at him. “I thought numbers were your stock in trade? The great Professor of Mathematics! Do you even know what year it is? Or what day? What keeps you alive – besides hate?”
I could not look at James and deceive him, but I also could not tell him the truth. I couldn’t tell anyone the truth. I couldn’t even face that truth myself.
“That’s enough of that,” said Lestrade. “The van is here. Take these two away.”
“I was knocked down by the force of the blast from your air-gun,” I said, exaggerating just a little. “And just avoided being its victim in a worse way.”
“No,” he said, holding me firmly. “I won’t leave you.”
“I wouldn’t dream of denying it,” Holmes said grandly. “It belonged to my grandfather. But you are correct – I don’t exactly need help in paying the rent.”
I helped him off with his trousers and eased him back onto the mattress. And then I remembered something else we would need.
“How do you know that?” I asked, eyeing him suspiciously. Had this strange man somehow seen my files? But how could that be? “And you knew I’d been in Afghanistan.”
We sat down and waited. After a short while a young man entered from a side door. He was tall, fair, and quite handsomely built, like a guardsman. He reminded me slightly of James. He stood by the divan and then began to take off his clothes. When he was completely nude he assumed a number of strongman poses, turning and flexing his muscles, which were impressive. I had witnessed a strongman show once at a fair in Surrey, but the man posing had been covered by a loincloth. This young fellow’s show was not at all hindered by his lack of garments. In fact, he seized his manhood and began to manipulate it with great gusto. The gentlemen in the audience leaned forward in anticipation.
“Go away, John!” he hissed. “How dare you approach me? You have disgraced our family name! Don’t you know that everyone is speaking of you and your... your degenerate companion?” He glared at the Irishman, who stood calm and dangerously silent. “You are not fit for decent society!”
“It’s beastly hot in here. I... I had a glass of champagne and... I’m a trifle dizzy. I must be coming down with a fever... my old malaria... or something.”
“I don’t need to see his cards,” he said. “I’ve been watching the game. I know exactly what hand every player has and what cards remain in the deck.”
“Young Mr. Griffith is my patient, James. I will look after him to the best of my ability as long as Mr. Holmes and I remain here at Sherringford. I want that unfortunate gentlemen to get well – and he will. Mr. Holmes and I will see to it. Do you understand my meaning?”
Holmes was already seated at the head of the table, a glass of claret in his hand, when I entered.
I did a cursory examination and then stood, anger overwhelming me. “This person should be in a hospital, not a gaol!”
But his hand stayed me. “What do you know about the workings of Fate, little boy?”
“I will, Mick, I promise,” I said. “And Mr. Holmes is working hard, too. You will both be free soon.”
I swallowed. It was difficult to be tutored in the truth by a man I judged to be without scruples or mercy. “I sometimes won. On days when I felt luck was with me.”
“Shut up,” the Irishman grumbled. “I’m surrounded by incompetents!”
Dilly was in a tiny niche off the ward, with a thin curtain for privacy, where a constable stood guard. Mick Wiggins was sitting by the narrow bed, holding Dilly’s hand. “Hang on, Dilly love,” said Mick. “Soon enough you’ll be feeling chipper and we’ll all go to the seaside. We’ll sit in the sand and the sun will beat down on our heads and it’ll be ever so pleasing!”
At that point Moggy, who had ceased her wails somewhere between Oxford Street and Lower Baker Street, began caterwauling once again.
“Elementary,” I replied. “Pray, lead the way.”
But I would not change that decision. No, not for all of the Irishman’s wealth and power.
“She’s in the hospital at St. Bart’s,” James put forth. “Mick says she’s doing ever so poorly.”
“No,” I whispered. For it was true. My brother only seemed to notice me when I was in trouble, and then he simply wished I would go away and leave him in peace. And now I had truly gone away, but how far I could not then imagine.
“You?” she said. “You’re going on a trip, too? Are you meeting Mr. Holmes?”
Control.
“No,” he said. His face was against mine, his cheek wet. “Watson – John! Stay with me! All will be well, I promise.”
I wanted to tell him so many things at that moment, confide in him as I never had to anyone else. But I was still afraid. Afraid to open up. Afraid to admit so many things...
Now Holmes had truly shocked me. “You mean that...”
Shortly afterwards, James appeared. “I sent the wire, Mr. Sherlock. I hope it gets there in time.”
James looked at me closely. “Were you with him, sir? Last night? I mean, on this investigation?”
“Nothing – yet. I’m seeing the world.”
Little did I know how wrong I was to be at that supposition.
“But this blackmail plot is not as much of a surprise to the major as might be imagined,” Holmes continued.
Holmes glowered at me. “I don’t mind a dish of peas or even a tip of asparagus provided it is covered with a decent sauce, but save me from rabbit leavings, Watson!”
I shook my head. When Holmes gets into one of these moods he might refuse to speak for days on end, even to me. There is nothing for it but to ignore him. I learned that lesson early on.
Yes, that’s my fear. That one day he will miscalculate. Or that his preternaturally strong body will eventually fail, defeated by one drug or by a combination of the two.
“Ah,” he hissed. “And are you a little Jesuit?”
“Well, I am relieved to hear that,” I replied in amusement. “For I hold him in equally high esteem.”
I shillyshallied over whether to take my medical bag, but decided that I had better. Who knew what I would find in the wilds of America? I might no longer be a practicing physician, but if the need came, I would be ready.
He worked his way up the front of my thighs and then paused. I could hear his heavy breathing against the background of dripping water and the muffled din of Trafalgar Square beyond the thick walls.
“I... I have heard of such places,” I acknowledged with a shudder. “But I never dreamed that an attractive young gentleman could be trapped in such a sordid web!”
“I was living in London,” he began. “I was supposed to be studying, but I was not. I had no desire to return to university. The dons are dullards. They have no finer feelings at all. No poetry in their blood, no fire in their souls! And they do not understand love.”
I well knew Holmes’ opinion of my literary efforts. “So I’ve heard. More than once.”
I turned to see Wilde’s friend, Mr. Robbie Ross, at my side. He was a small, neatly-made young gentleman, boyish and bright-eyed.
If I was never to see Holmes again, then I knew I must write him a letter of explanation. I owed him that much at least.
“The one who looks like a solicitor,” I put in.
“Doctor,” whispered Dilly, clutching my hand. “Will you and Mr. Holmes take care of Mick for me? He’s a good sort, even if he’s a little wild.”
I had changed. I once had lived here, ate here, slept here, made love here, if you could call it love. Now I was a stranger. No, not just a stranger, but an enemy.
“A small accident,” said Holmes. “I will take care of it.”
“We are both bachelors,” Holmes answered, taking out his pipe and lighting it. “We reside together in Marylebone.”
“But if you don’t wish to meet the lady, merely say the word,” Stamford continued. “And I will not speak of it again.”
I must say that I got quite a workout that night, which was what I had been seeking. But it was all so emotionless, so mechanical, that afterwards I felt even more empty than I had before.
“Here.” He got up and poured me some cold tea from the pot on the silver tray. “One sip. Slowly.”
“But...”
Holmes looked at me fondly, but absently. “I know all I need to know about you, my dear boy.”
“Not so much what was in the letters, which was full of lover’s twaddle and silly verses,” said Alfie. “But who they was written to. For they was addressed to another man. And not a gentleman of Mr. Charles’ own station, which would be bad enough, but to a common Mary-Ann! A fellow what displays himself in a low public house in lady’s garments and then sells himself for a few shillings to any man with the price. That’s who Mr. Charles was writing to, who he fancied he was in love with! And this is the conclusion!”
“Likely story,” she retorted. “Found a sugar daddy, have you? Watch out for that one. He looks right barmy.”
“Which I have done to you as well,” I stated, disgusted at myself.
“Who the deuce are you? And whatever are you doing wearing my old Norfolk hacking jacket?” I demanded.
The Irishman snorted. “Then you are both fools! Do you fear the approbation of the world so much, my lad? You were never so timid before.”
“So, Wiggins,” said Holmes. “You are telling me that you and Dilly only turned to blackmail because of the extremity of her illness?”
“Good lad,” said Holmes. “It’s time to go, so off with you both!”
I had a sick feeling. I recalled the housekeeper at Sherringford Hall and her tale of Mr. Sherlock’s tutor and how the boy had suddenly and inexplicably turned against him.
So across the Continent we moved, from one grand hotel and villa to the next, eating in fine restaurants, attending elegant parties, and mingling with wealthy and titled people. Everywhere we went the Irishman bought me things – suits and boots, jewelry and watches, golden cigarette cases, rare books, anything I saw and fancied, until we were laden with luggage like an army traveling with a city in its wake.
As the morning turned into afternoon, I waited for Holmes, but by two o’clock he had not returned to Baker Street. There was so much I wanted to say to him, but I had no idea how to say it, or how he would receive my confessions. I began to pace, my nerves getting the better of me. But my body, and especially my leg, was stiff with the tensions of the past few days. I was also exhausted, my sleep being sorely troubled. I needed something to temper my aches and take my mind off my worries. So, with no further patients anticipated and no word from my compatriot, I put on my topcoat, walked out of 221b, and hailed a cab to take me to the Turkish Bath on Northumberland Street.
“Yes, my so-called sensibilities have been assaulted,” I stated. “But seeing those two boys behind bars is far more upsetting to me. Dilly Mitchell is certainly dying – and without treatment I doubt he will live to see his own trial. And Mick Wiggins...” I paused. “Even his irrepressible spirit is being beaten down by his incarceration.”
“Not anymore. I packed it in when I was in hospital.”
“My God,” I sighed, collapsing on top of the boy.
Thommie, the dark-haired lad, knelt before the muscular fellow and took his manhood into his mouth. A man sitting in front of us gasped and whispered to his friend. The friend, in turn, reached his hand into the first man’s trousers and began to stroke him. I turned my head away, but there was no place in the room I could look without seeing something that I wished to avoid. All around us the watching men were pleasuring themselves as the scene before us all continued.
A sensation of dread raced through me, but I didn’t speak. Perhaps it was only a coincidence. There were many professors in England. Many. There was nothing to connect the Irishman with this man of whom Mick Wiggins was so petrified.
Holmes was lying on the bed, on top of the blanket, in his shorts and a plain dark tee shirt. His silk dressing gown was crumpled on the floor. He often lay like that, gazing up at the cracked plaster ceiling, sometimes all night, as if in a daze. I wondered if he somehow slept with his eyes open.
“I’m happy, too,” chimed in Arthur, the Heavy Metal fan.
“A green salad stimulates the digestion and purifies the blood, just as fresh fruit in the morning energizes the body. Mr. Lovell,” I said to the butler. “Please bring a plate of greens for Mr. Sherlock as well. He will also be indulging at the evening meal for the duration of our stay.”
“You mean that...?”
Those were the first words he ever spoke to me.
One thing I found in every city in Italy was an English expatriate community already well-entrenched. They readily welcomed me, although I had no money or connections. But surrounded by foreigners, we were all Englishmen together and that was enough. They housed me, fed me, lent me money, and advised me on the ways and wiles of the Europeans, as well as directing me to the significant sites of interest.
“Yes,” said Holmes. “I remember. But then Dilly disappeared.”
And I went to my room to change into something more suitable to wear to a gallery opening in Mayfair.
“No, thank you, James. This is perfection.”
But it was already happening. Ivan’s hand was stroking my cockstand. His touch was deliberate, but also gentle. Just as he seemed to know instinctively how to relieve my shoulder and my leg, he also knew exactly what my manhood required. Ivan was not a partner in this act, as the enthusiastic and inventive Mick Wiggins had been, but merely an attendant to it. With only a few minutes concentrated indulgence, he brought me to a lusty fruition.
“Holmes... Don’t forget... I... I love...”
When Lovell had cleared the last dishes away and decanted the Madeira, Holmes pulled out his pipe and began to puff thoughtfully. I felt it was now time to pose the questions that had been plaguing me.
I hate these times.
“But...”
“Then don’t hold back, my dear fellow. Release yourself to the moment.”
“Step swiftly,” he urged. “We are only a few paces in front of the ravenous pack.”
One of the young footmen, James, stifled a giggle.
“Why in search of evidence, my boy,” said Holmes. “I must change now, too. Put on evening clothes. Something suitable for a gentlemen looking for amusement.”
“It’s mine,” said Holmes proudly. “It’s a 1966 XKE coupe. Belonged to my father.”
Out of control.
“But... I thought those men were from the gaming club?” I said. My mind was spinning wildly.
The time has come...
“I’m the last man to judge, Doctor,” said James, wielding the spoon like a baton. “Besides, I already knew everything... or almost everything. It’s clear as crystal what you two fellows feel about each other – if I may be so bold to call you fellows, Mr. Sherlock?”
Holmes shook his head. “And you genuinely believe Moriarty would have abided by those terms? You are a gentleman, a man of honour, Watson. But Moriarty is not a gentleman! He’s an amoral devil! Even as he was preparing to flee the country – with you in tow – he was also arranging for my assassination, which would be made to look like an accident, to course. Luckily, I had an agent working in Moriarty’s house who was informing me of his every move – and yours.”
“No!” I replied with force. “That is not why I hesitate. To me you are far more desirable than any so-called beautiful boy. That lad, that Thommie, was a mere body to me and no more! Even as I was... was fucking him...” I flinched at the indecent word. “I was thinking of another. Only one person. Always that same person!”
“Our dog, my dear fellow.”
James put the bowl and glass back on the tray. “I’ll leave the tea in case you get thirsty in the night. Ring if you need anything and I’ll pop right up. Good-night, gentlemen. Pleasant dreams.”
As this little exchange between Holmes and Major Griffith was playing out, my patient was becoming increasingly agitated. He tried to sit up and speak, but he was obviously in great distress. The valet, Barton, endeavoured to soothe him, but to no avail.
“Is there something the matter?” I asked uneasily.
Mick’s mouth hung open in astonishment. “Are you serious, Guv’nor?”
I set down my plate. “I must go. Suspicor fatum nos voluisse diversos.”
But then I sat up. A sound, like a window-sash being raised. Yet I felt no draught. And the door of the chamber was firmly shut.
“He will understand why I wish to leave Baker Street,” I said, thinking of Holmes watching me with Thommie in that room in Cleveland Street. The look on his face. “This has been coming for some time. He will not be surprised by my decision. I will tell him that... that... I am going on a long trip. Perhaps to the Continent. To sort things through. He will not endeavour to stop me. And he will not seek me out, as he would if I were simply to vanish. Because if I did that he would never rest until he found me. You know that a mystery is the very air that he breathes.”
“Investigate,” said Holmes. “I am convinced that establishment is connected to William Fisher’ murder. He was a procurer for that house. He recruited both Wiggins and Mitchell, as well as this boy, Thommie. Gaining entry to the place is critical if we are to find evidence to free the lads. Why so reluctant? You cannot tell me that you have never crossed the threshold of a brothel, Watson, for I know that is not the case.”
“Stay away from your former occupation,” Holmes warned. “This is the chance at a new beginning, so don’t fall back on the easy shilling, my boy.”
Obviously, I could not tell Stamford the truth. I could not tell anyone the truth, but especially not Holmes. Which meant I would have to think of a plausible reason for leaving my entire life behind and disappearing from all decent society, perhaps forever.
“Amen to that, Doctor,” Mrs. Hudson agreed.
In Group I hardly spoke. I didn’t know what to say. And I didn’t know whose side to be on. There were things I wanted to share -- I had no one else to talk to about my fear of the future, no one else who might understand but others who were in the same position as I. Yet, if I joined in the discourse of Group, I knew Holmes would see it as a betrayal.
“Who is?” he asked softly.
“He’s working on it,” I assured him. “But this is a difficult case. And Inspector Lestrade and Scotland Yard are not helping. They believe they have the true culprits.”
“Another time then,” he said, turning over on his side. In a moment he was snoring.
“If that’s what you need, I will.” Without even thinking, I’d committed myself.
And when I was Young Griffith’s age, death was the farthest thing from my mind.
The spider at the center of the web.
“Don’t think of it, old man,” Stamford said dismissively. “I was in the neighborhood and thought I’d drop by. Did old Captain Phillips pay you a call?”
“Obviously!”
“Not hungry, dear boy?” asked Holmes as he tossed a sausage to Gladstone, who was at the ready beside his chair.
“Major Griffith,” said Holmes, alighting from the trap. “We came as swiftly as possible.”
Holmes puffed his pipe thoughtfully. “A matter of time, Watson.”
I found my own way out of the Diogenes Club without catching sight of Mycroft or anyone except the silent porter at the door.
“So... is anything else being kept from me?” I asked. “So I don’t worry my little head over it?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said the first fellow, looking me up and down. “I don’t like the suit, but I certainly like what’s underneath it.”
“Yes,” said Holmes. “He will always return – as long as I am alive. And as long as he still wants you.”
“I try,” I replied. “In general practice you deal with many children.”
Charles thought. “He’s a man in his thirties. Thin. Dark-haired. He has the manner of a thug.”
“Whatever are we to do with that boy?” I groaned, sinking into my armchair.
I approached the sofa and gently touched Holmes’ neck, feeling for a pulse.
He leaned close to me. “Will you look after my cat? She’s shut up in my room. If I’m put away, Moggy’s sure to starve to death.”
At first I was incredulous. Holmes had never shown a romantic interest in any living creature, let alone such a blatantly manipulative female as Irene Adler. But he was like a stupefied boy, unable to understand the meaning of his burgeoning puberty. In a word, she led Holmes around by his cock and he followed willingly.
“I must get something from my bag,” I said, going to the door.
“My profession,” he said, deftly discarding his clothes. “You don’t think I makes all my crust delivering messages, do you? I usually charge five shillings for a toss-off and another five bob for a suck, but for you, Doctor, it’s nothin’. I’ve always had a yen for you. Thought you was a handsome bloke. Different from the Guv. More smooth, like. Refined. But the genteel toffs is the best fucks, I finds. Once they give in, they give it all they got! I’ll even let you brown me, if that’s your fancy. And I don’t bend over for just any man, believe me.” He reached into my trousers and seized my member. “That’s a beauty, Doctor! A real beauty!”
He pulled me close to him, so close I could feel his hot breath upon my face. Smell the whiskey. Almost taste the water of life.
“That will be splendid,” I said, eager to be rid of him. “I won’t be requiring anything else tonight. Thank you, James.”
“I wonder how many times a night they perform this act?” Holmes mused.
He drank down the rest of his glass and put it aside. “I have been doing much thinking since I last saw you.”
I opened them. A smiling, kindly face gazed down at me.
“No,” I said. “I don’t need a drink. Only let me breathe for a moment.”
Mrs. Hudson turned to me in appeal. “Doctor, is there really a cat in that box?”
We drove back to Hampstead in silence. There was nothing to say. My humiliation was complete. In the days that followed, my anger at myself and the world grew. In my bouts with the fencing master I no longer attempted to score off him, I attempted to run him through. And when I boxed with the Irishman’s bodyguards I urged them on to punish me as best they were able. But the Irishman’s servants had been instructed never to hurt me, no matter how I might bait them, under pain of their own death, and so my frustration intensified.
But I had known ever since my first entanglement with the Irishman that my unnatural and unlawful desires would be my eventual downfall. I had lived too long with Holmes, co-mingling my life with his, putting aside any thought of a separate existance, following his lead. I had stood by his side in moments of extreme danger, tended him in illness and injury, and attempted – in vain! – to wean him from his willful and damaging slavery to the needle.
But in staying at that bleak place I saw what drove the Irishman – his had been a grand family once, but little was left. The Irishman had his great mind and that was his legacy. But I also heard stories from the servants there, dark whisperings of insanity and betrayal and even murder, for there was a forbidding streak running through the family. The Irishman, apparently, came by his moodiness and villainy naturally, in his blood.
I was glad when we returned to London.
“Thommie, sir,” he said to Holmes. But his small hand was on me. “Eight shillings for both you gentlemen. You can have me one and then the other, or together if you wish. Whatever is your pleasure.”
“A bastard!” I exclaimed. “How appropriate!”
James left and I sat down again in my armchair. Gladstone tried to climb up into my lap, as he used to do when he was a pup. That was when I first moved in with Holmes. So many years ago, but it seemed like yesterday. I was ill and tired and alone in the world. And I had denied the Irishman for what I thought was the final time. Even though I was no longer young and beautiful, but weary and damaged, he still wanted me. But I could not go with him. Could not...
“Under the bed?” He frowned. “It’s only a servant, Watson. Why should I hide?”
“I will need to stitch this,” I said. “Would you like a dose of laudanum to numb the pain?”
I closed my eyes and pictured myself when I first returned from India, friendless, ill, and almost out of money. That is when the Irishman appeared again, as he always seemed to appear at the crossroads of my life. He stared at me with disdain, berated me, and told me I was now ruined, crippled and worthless to anyone. Then he begged me to come back to him. I refused. Two days later I made the acquaintance of Sherlock Holmes and my life was settled on a different path.
“Not to be a nosy parker, Doctor, but... you were out all night. Does that have to do with why you’re going away?”
Holmes coughed. “I believe that yonder couch is already in use. Besides, Mr. Baker and myself are not professional performers.” He nodded in the direction of the stage, where the two females had produced an ivory implement and were busily impaling each other with it.
“That you loved me. Not simply as a friend and companion, but... as something more. I knew you had loved both men and women in your life, but I also knew that for years you had suppressed your desire for men... until recently. But during the years we have been together I also have suppressed my desire – but that desire was for a single person, a person I could not reveal myself to out of fear of the strength of my emotions. So I channeled that desire into my work. And when I could constrain it no longer, I sought the ring, hoping it would be beaten into submission. When even that did not suffice, there was always the needle.”
The lanky man leant away from the science equipment, letting a breath escape in a huff. Retreating into his mind palace, he analysed his symptoms.
woman. The
"Better?"
Sherlock woke up two days later, disorientated and weak - John had the tube removed from his throat and fed him sips of water as a friend, and always a friend. He left the medicine up to the consulting physician, who told Sherlock he would have to remain on dialysis until further notice - both heard the carefully unspoken: "Probably for a long while - former addicts tend not to be high up on the donor list."
"Yeah," John said, voice breaking. "So, don't ever do that again, yeah?"
"It's alright, you just had a bit of a wobble in there," the doctor soothed, and Sherlock raised his eyebrows tiredly. "Okay, it may have been more than a bit of a wobble."
The med student stared expectantly. "But what?"
particularly noise sounded oddly like a body slamming into the floor. It took John precisely forty-six seconds to make it down the stairs. It took him another three to locate Sherlock, who quite frankly, was hard to miss.
Not ten minutes later, he had fallen asleep.
When they arrived in A&E, Sherlock had already been hooked up to oxygen and flung it aside agitatedly twice - the nurses took one look at him, blue lips and all, and rushed him through to a private room. John explained that he had asthma and that his reliever was not working - he brought the blue inhaler out and handed it over to the attending doctor - all the while Sherlock weakly fought off a nurse as she tried to insert a tube into his oxygen mask.
He'd caught it early, at least. He was only really on the cusp of extensive stage SCLC when he'd sought help – at his brother's request. Mycroft had even accompanied him when he was summoned to discuss the results of his CT scan. Had sat next to him whilst Dr. Wilson – an experienced, private oncologist his brother had found – explained that his nausea, unprecedented weight loss, and concentrated urine were not in fact, related to kidney malfunction at all, despite appearances. Instead, he was experiencing the syndrome of inappropriate antidiuretic hormone secretion, or SIADH – a direct result of the small, oat-like malignant cells clotting the spaces in his lungs.
John fitted Lestrade with some tracksuits and one of Sherlock's shirts, before drying off and getting changed himself. "I've never seen him like that," the DI said, awkwardly scratching the back of his neck, "at least, not unless he was in withdrawal."
"Your bronchodilator. The red one. Did you take it before bed?"
Lestrade just about manages to get them over to a bush before Sherlock doubles over and vomits noisily onto the grass. Wiping his mouth, the younger man straightens out, eyes slits against the sun.
Sherlock points to the window, where a weak sunlight streams in. "The sun hits this carpet every day. Its light causes the carpet to fade in colour-" he gestures to the area in front of them, and then to the sofa. "See here? The carpet next to the sofa is considerably brighter than that of the rest of the room. That's because the sofa usually sits on top of it; but as the victim fell and hit the sofa, it was moved." Anderson can't help but gawp as Sherlock pulls off his gloves with a snap. "The victim didn't know her killer. She was taken by surprise from someone behind her-" Sherlock stands next to the sofa and demonstrates someone pushing him from behind. "She didn't know who it was. But I do."
John wasn't family – technically, he was barely a friend – and so he sat huddled in the waiting room, a tepid coffee held loosely between his fingers. He'd been here since they'd rushed his friend in for a lumbar puncture, had dutifully taken the ciprofloxacin they'd given him, and had remained in the same position until way past breakfast back at the castle. At this moment in time, they'd be administering an intense course of antibiotics in an attempt to combat the bacteria multiplying in Sherlock's bloodstream. He felt sick.
recently?"
"You okay mate?" he asked with what could only be trepidation, and Sherlock shot him a withering look, pausing halfway up the stairs. John swallowed.
Thankfully, Sherlock's irregular breathing had evened out, and he turned the toddler onto his side, just as the leaflet he'd stolen from the doctor's office had said to do. His tartan pyjama bottoms were dark where his bladder had emptied under the pressure. Only then did he shout for their mother, voice shaking just slightly as he explained the situation to an ashen-faced Lydia Holmes.
Mycroft took up one side and Redbeard the other as the seizure began, but unlike those in the past, it didn't seem to end. Mycroft checked his watch as four minutes passed, and then again after six, before drawing out his substantial Nokia to dial the emergency services. He shouted for their mother, and then screamed for their father when Sherlock bit his tongue harshly and blood began to dribble down his cheek. After eleven minutes, the seizure finally stopped, and although all were unbelievably grateful for the stillness, the teenager's chest also remained resolutely motionless. Lydia had collapsed and begun to sob; Gregory was soon shouting at the dog to
'I'm guessing this may be the first of you've heard of this too but he's being transferred tomorrow to a private clinic. Armadale House it treats drug problems mostly, though that isn't his problem this time. How much do you know about alpha suppressant?'
He sat in his chair with the suppressant and syringe balanced on his knee and suddenly thought about how John had felt in his lap that night. Vulnerable and in control all at once. He tried to brush the image aside. John could do better than a virgin alpha who got addled by pheromones like an adolescent. He began to prepare the syringe, hands shaking, when his phone buzzed.
‘Oh don’t be offended. We believe he comes across as very normal, he…’ Sherlock broke off and looked him up and down, words fading on his lips. ‘Would you like me to… give you a few minutes?’
As they left John was pleased to note a subtle lean in as the two took in each other's scent.
John had thought about it too. He was under no illusions about what would have happened if things had just gone slightly differently that night.
. Something's wrong. They're going to call me back.’
'I don't want you to hate me. You realise it could have been you that day? If we werent...it might never have happened any of it.'
‘What isn't?’ Sherlock said, half heartedly helping by getting milk out.
John ran himself a bath. The omega called him as he waited for it to cool. He passed on Greg's message and promised they'd talk more at the charity dinner. Joe sounded calmer than earlier, resolute.
'She can continue her work.' Sherlock finished.
Dr Sloan blushed and rolled her eyes. 'Hardly Dr Watson. How far off a heat are you?'
interested then, good. I usually go for three days but best allow yourself four. I don't like to use condoms so naturally I'll have clean results to show you and I will expect to see yours. Obviously I use hormonal contraception. I have your number.’ Sherlock nodded at the phone that now hung limply from the alphas hand. ‘Problem?’
'Never saw him, hadn't been aware of his coming to visit.' Mycroft replied.
‘I suppose we're sitting this one out?’ John was eager.
'Seriously though, it's been nice. Maybe before I start this job I could come visit you? You could show me the sights?'
The omega PA was sympathetic, he gave Sherlock a glass of water and he took his newly prescribed pills. Before he left though he'd pieced together Van Coon’s movements the day he died. Worked out he was delivering the package from his suitcase to a particular street but couldn't narrow it down further.
Sherlock tapped out a message. Taking a discreet lungful of scent.
'Yes, Mycroft's very progressive in that way at least. No interest in gender as long as they're happy to do as their told for queen and country.'
'I should go, I've got reports to write.' Greg swallowed the last of his pint and got up to leave.
'Very nice-and the bracelet?'
'IA, assuming they are straight, are secretive for obvious reasons. The thing is Sherlock, with them working in the same building it wouldn't even need to be conscious, just a vague remark about where you're going or anything could be enough to let Graeme know they're on to him. I certainly don't want to risk it with Joe and Richard. We're on our own.'
Alphas would say all sorts when they were inside you. Sherlock had been called a slut, a whore. He'd been told he was loved and everything in between. He didn't have the time to consider it further.
He couldn't decide what was causing his brother greater offence. His latest sample for drug testing or the chunky mugs of tea in which the teabags still floated. Sherlock had deliberately chosen the no frills café for the meeting to annoy his older sibling. Small victories.
He'd forgotten, Harry didn't know about Sherlock being an alpha. Probably best it stayed that way for now.
'What's wrong?' John said. The landlady didn't usually touch their stuff.
##########
Thanks so much for all the comments and kudos on this. Sorry about making this look like 1 of 1, it was always going to be longer by it was nice to get so much encouragement!
He then found himself at a bit of a loose end. Neither of the books he'd brought appealed at the moment and there was nothing on telly. He opted to get out his laptop, a bit of a more qthorough read of the press articles on Graeme might be useful if he was needed again. Staring at the blank search engine box though he typed in a different name, Victor Trevor.
‘Would you like me to undress you captain?’ William was curling his frame around John snakelike as lips brushed against his temple.
'Of course, I'd be honoured.' He said formally, then immediately laughed along with John at how ridiculous he sounded.
‘Yes, on that from I rather hoped you'd accept the help of the British government.’
When he turned back Matt had removed the shorts and stood naked and slightly shaky in front of him. 'It's not like I expected, the sweat, this
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘Northumberland Street of course. Something better to do?’ He said, knowing that between confronting a serial killer and a quiet night in front of the telly there would be no contest for John Watson.
The capsule fell forgotten from his hand as he clambered over another bench to the window. Expecting to see a Met marksman in the building opposite, a mess of blue lights and uniforms below but there was nothing, the place deserted.
‘Like these so you?’ The accent was less like Sherlock than John had imagined it would be. A touch more of the east end and some other twang that John took to be a result of years abroad.
The black tramway was one of those half abandoned industrial sites that only the homeless, criminals and Sherlock seemed to bother with. He slipped in through a side door that swung carelessly open. The burst padlock hanging limp. If confirmed what he had already realised, he was expected.
'Her schoolfriend, Ritchie, was quick off the mark I'll bet.'  Greg said. 'I'll tell you what else. She's got no good alibi the night it happened. Jim has but not her. We think it was an accident but...'
Sherlock knew that Sergeant Lestrade had tolerated him at first only because Mycroft had offered to pull strings at the next promotion round. The beta certainly deserved the rank of inspector more than his alpha moron of a boss. Sherlock though, had more than proved his worth on cold cases.
'Look at me.' John shuffled around using his leg as leverage to force the embarrassed alpha to meet his eye.
‘Do you need me to stop?’ He said, chivalrously. It would be torture for him to stay still,less still pull out but he wanted this to be the best it could be for John.
‘John, you probably want to shut up now.’
‘Better, I don’t think it’ll be long now.’ Sherlock said, brow furrowing.
‘Sherlock, this is my sister, Harry.’ John said hesitant. The detective spun round and John literally gritted his teeth, waiting on the deluge of deductions.
‘Unbelievable. Anyone who complains about this doesn't deserve an omega.’ John brushed fingertips across his collar bones and down his ribs. ‘Can I kiss you?’
When he came back the alpha stood up to meet him. The soft fabric of Sherlock's robe draped over his arousal.
'What a charming analogy. You may as well take John's room.'
‘I know. I love you.’ John said his hand pushing firmly into Sherlock's hair, pressing the alpha in place against his neck. Before Sherlock had a chance to reply coherently John pushed back hard and his knot slipped inside. Swelling to fill John who clenched and spasmed with pleasure around him as his teeth, with no conscious thought, broke the skin.
'For God's sake John sit down.'
'So, I've been monitoring my levels at work.'
‘Of course, child's play.’ It wasn't though. During the cab ride, their bizarre chat, he'd been going through things in his head. The cabbie’s background, the origin of the glass of the bottles, the colour of the granules in the seemingly identical capsules. He was seventy percent sure but no more than.
It felt incredibly decadent somehow lying here in a pile of high end pillows as a battle hardened soldier rubbed himself off against you. Sherlock was acutely aware of John's thick length rubbing over his balls, the pressure of each fingertip on his hips and arse.
'He's right.' Greg said finally. 'I hadn't thought but - we should try and -you know- smell right.'
'You don't like it.' John looked disappointed.
‘No, course not. So do you know him from work or…?’ John watched Victor closely for a few seconds his eyes were following them carefully . Following
'You’re ex-military, I think we lead with that.' Sherlock went on, regarding the question as rhetorical. 'Your experiences have made you concerned about security, especially with a new mate to be. I don't know exactly what is going on in there but I have a feeling, given the background of the supposed victim, you'll be among former colleagues. I have a feeling they are selling more than old cars.'
Jealous alphas were expected, were even considered a little romantic. Omegas though, on the right day, could give them a run for their money. As a naive young medical student in Bart 's A&E he'd treated a few who'd fought tooth and nail over alphas, literally. He'd never thought he'd feel like becoming one of them-until now.
‘I think that we, the Met and her Majesty’s government are being used. I plan to get out in front somehow. If we can get some detail from these earlier cases.The method was so unusual, with the taxi victims we never got to motive. We know there were potentially at least two cuckolded spouses. Then there is the MP.’
John noticed Anthea kept the windows open on the way home.
John thought back to that wonderfully strange moment in a Dartmoor churchyard, they had been arguing, really going at it. He had boldly stepped towards Sherlock, wanting to get his point across, to his surprise, Sherlock hadn't moved away. The fight, the silly fight, of a few seconds previous melted to nothing and suddenly there was no alternative but for their lips to meet. John had known in that moment that this would be many things but never casual.
‘I've explained to him what I think. I could give him home medical leave but he's no family to speak of, parents dead. It may come to nothing and if a heat comes on at least he's with friends. He has asked if an alpha could see him through a first heat, if it happens, give him a chance to think.’
It did give him an excuse to look into the alpha, if he was inviting someone to the flat he should know all about them he reasoned. He 'borrowed' a secure laptop from his brother to get into the service databases. Going on the basis that John Watson screamed military to anyone observing the man properly. He was right.
'I dont think so, I better get on.' He steered her towards the door. He'd tried to convey to her the day before that there was a good chance John wouldn't be back at all but she wasn't having it.
‘You didn't this time…I meant it doesn't matter…’ He broke off a little embarrassed as he waved his hand between them. To indicate where they were still joined but not, this time, knotted.
‘Nothing to go on. I suppose someone like that, they've got enemies but…’ Lestrade shrugged. ‘You any ideas?’
(See the end of the chapter for
The omega insisted on making breakfast while Sherlock went for a quick bath. The detective shyly wrapping a dressing gown around himself as he got up-much to John's amusement.
‘Absurd isn’t it? Standing here, done up like a dogs dinner in no underwear then proclaiming my innocence of such matters.’
'One person?' John sounded doubtful.
Sherlock was up, already moving to the door.
Then came the vomiting bug. Suddenly he had more shifts offered than he could handle. Three weeks later, after the worst had passed he was checking his bank balance. He realised that for the first time since he left the army he actually had a bit spare.
He brought his hands to rest either side of Sherlock's head, leaning into his lovers space. Resting his face against the dark curls for a few seconds until his shoulder began to protest at the odd way he was balancing his weight.
More enthusiastic noises on the other end)
‘Yes. You're above average size for an alpha and I'm much more aware of your size, girth in particular in this position. It's-
'Indeed, my brother has his uses. I assume if I sneak backstage you'll follow? There may be a scuffle.'
John laughed nervously. 'The usual- asking for it harder, faster. Billy took to calling me sir.'
'No sign of a struggle.' Lestrade replied doubtfully.
' End of the week, with John.'
'You wouldn't be saying that if one of them was near a heat, nice young things like that.' John said quietly. Sherlock stopped dead in front of him.
Matt nodded and stepped into his space. John let him move in his own time. They started off in what seemed like a formal dance hold but then Matt gradually settled against him with a sigh. John moved to hold him loosely.
'No, unfortunately that's when I started cocaine. Suppressant was Mycroft's idea, much later, when he'd dragged me out of one too many bad situations. He thought it would be one less trigger for me to get high, and he was right. He pulled some strings and got me some of what they use in prisons. Terrible rough stuff it was but it at least put part of my brain at rest. So I developed my own and used it, until now.' The detective looked at him over the rim of his cup.
John wanted to say that only alpha proportions could give him relief but somehow every form of words he could think of seemed to be either too clinical or like a bad porn line. ‘You say you've been the receiving partner before, with a beta?’ Matt nodded.
'What's this?' Sherlock said, prodding a crutch into the building on the opposite side.
'I'm not a distraction then?' John smiled. 'Its fine, actually if you didn't mind we could both lie on the bed.' The detective's eyebrows shot up.
A few hours later they were sitting in the living room, in dressing gowns,but otherwise ready, waiting for Greg.
'Of course he did.' John said dryly, another one of Sherlock's nine lives gone.
‘John, while I'm flattered I should tell you I consider myself bonded to my work.’ John looked up from his now clear plate.
'The thing is, they're driven by money, can't have their employees-who are also criminals of course -stealing from them. Then there are all the blackmail possibilities. Give me a serial killer any day.' Sherlock said with disgusted shake of the head.
'George was always the alpha I wanted to be.' Lestrade finished. A silence settled, Greg was clearly finished talking about this. A change of subject seemed to be called for.
They went to Sherlock's room without discussion, there had never been any formal 'moving in'. The number of nights John spent in his own room just gradually dwindled. This led to two things, firstly Sherlock now slept six or seven hours a night and second John's nightmares all but stopped. John was irrationally worried that if he mentioned either of these things to the other man he would somehow break the spell so he kept it to himself.
Sherlock dearly wished they could get to the part of the conversation where Mycroft accused him of using and Sherlock stormed out but small talk seemed to be obligatory at these meetings.
It was a classic body dump location. Waste ground at the side of a canal. Not in the canal though - so this one was meant to be found.
'Not let-I want you to. Half the times I looked at you today your eyes were on my arse, you were hypnotised. I thought like this you'd be able to touch me exactly where you want to.
‘What's the point in it all anyway?’ John asked as he put the notebook back on the bedside table.
'Its quite simple really.' Sherlock leaned back in his chair, glass drained.
Running full pelt through the crowd he carried an aluminium walking stick like a weapon. Assuming an accomplice Sherlock pushed himself extra hard , fighting his lethargic legs, only for him to run straight into Mr Walking stick who had stopped dead and turned towards him. The thief had been caught by an (unusually observant) police officer.He found himself on the filthy tile floor practically on top of the man, the
'He's been frozen.' Molly said dragging back the sheet. It was eight hours later and the harsh light of the mortuary was giving Sherlock the beginnings of a migraine. Either that or the lack of sleep. ‘There’s been very little deterioration so it happened soon after death. He was executed, bullet to the back of the head. He has some bruising that happened not long before death. I think he was probably in a fight. Also there's this.' She nodded to an assistant who helped her turn the body. The bite was still raw looking but obviously older than the bruising. Sherlock leaned in close to examine it.
'Of course we can come out tomorrow if it's his aunt's birthday.'
It wasn't long before Sally Donovan rejoined them, tossing down her body armour in disgust. Only illegally imported tobacco in the warehouse.
This time felt decadent. Slippery wetness spreading across his skin as John moved against him. His cock thick and heavy inside his mate as he nosed against the bite on Johns neck, revelling in the still new scent of them together. John, he noticed, was more vocal during his heat, unashamed moans and curses of pleasure and satisfaction. Sherlock will never tire of hearing them but he does imagine Mrs Hudson below them, turning up her TV with a knowing smile.
Sherlock opened his eyes to John lying beside him staring. His face curiously satisfied given he was still hard.
‘I am aware of the literature thank you.’ He said sharply, turning back to his blood results. ‘Fifteenth of next month do you think?’
'Why you though?' John said sitting back in his chair.
The circus was in a small slightly tatty theatre, the entrance festooned with paper lanterns. Mycroft was of course right, it did make sense. Especially given how difficult an exit visa could be.
'I pride myself on loyalty between my team and I.' She smiled and sat in her chair.
A bonded omega lived there but the visitor wasn't her alpha. Youngish. Her books and films told him she was a native Mandarin speaker. Her sour milk and stale laundry in the machine that she hadn't been back for about three days. He was starting to wonder how's the previous visitor had got out when it came to him in a wave of panic , they hadn't.
He opened the door to the waiting room a crack and looked out. Joe. Trying to disappear into the corner.
‘As I explained before, not my area.’ Sherlock stared hard at the street outside number twenty two. It should not be possible, he reflected, to have this awkward a conversation with someone whose semen is inside you.
'This is where they run things from- for now. It's a show flat in one of the developments, changes every few months. There's no omegas or drugs but that's where they do the admin, for want of a better word.' Joe flicked his cigarette to the ground, grinding it out. 'Richard works there one day a week. There's paperwork, to do with transport mostly.' Joe got up then quickly sat back down.
‘Afghanistan or Iraq?’
Sherlock had snuck out, leaving him sleeping. No doubt hoping to avoid awkward questions about why the cast was getting taken off his ankle so early.
'I've created a monster.' John said, arousal settling in his belly as Sherlock backed him against the wall.They fumbled their way to the narrow bed.
'I've not seen him for two hours or more. Have you?'
'Thank you,' John said breathless. 'If you ever did let me inside you it would be amazing.' Sherlock
'Thanks again.' Matt shook his hand and they both stepped closer as if to hug but not quite sure where to start.
‘Your brother?’
##########
‘How is he?’ John said, feeling his edgy anticipation was somehow a little inappropriate.
'Then there's the tan, doesn't go above the wrist so not on holiday, work hence the…’ He trailed off, probably because John was grinning like a fool.
‘Keep the bags closed please.’ Craig said sharply. Sherlock wanted to make some cutting reply but was stopped by a warning glance from Lestrade.
'What was that?' Anthea said, sipping her own drink casually.
'I've been in Japan, not a cave. I can use the internet you know.'
Several alphas passed them on the way out. They said nothing did nothing but Sherlock could sense what they wanted to do to John. Deduction and instinct in sync. He steered John towards the waiting car, Mycroft's car, and the omega laughed.
'It's not like that. He mentioned the other night he missed a full English when he was abroad and I offered. He's interesting.' Greg sounded as if he was trying to keep down his own enthusiasm.
‘Sherlock, I know where Lukis had been, where he was going, it all fits the Chinese connection too...can you meet me there?’
'Hardly saw his ring finger,always covered, he fidgets with it constantly. His clothes have creases that suggest they've been folded small, he's probably living out of a suitcase at a friend's after a recent separation. Also, notice the way he said 'staying here at the moment' as opposed to, 'I live here.'
‘Thats harsh. He’s an attractive alpha.’
‘You should. We could split it, remember? Anyway it's not just that. I have a fan apparently. Moriarty is the name. The cabbie told me before he died.’
John was muttering something about whether he'd heard of an Oyster card as they got out of the cab at a smart modern building.
Sherlock remembered the recorded conversation from the party, the all too convincing resignation at John's supposed infidelity. 'Have you seen anyone else since?'
'I won't post it.' John shrugged.
'We need to be quick in case your mum comes looking for us.' John said, protesting as Sherlock divested him of his clothing. Now there was a sentence he never thought he'd use at his age.
