“Awesome.”
Now that he did, though, he couldn’t stop. Dean took Jimmy into his mouth once more, but this time massaged his shaft and balls with his hands while sucking him off earnestly. Above him, Jimmy couldn’t keep his profanities inside and he cursed and clenched his eyes, visibly straining himself from cocking his pelvis and thrusting all the way inside Dean. Only once Jimmy was very close to coming did the blonde move him deeper into his throat again, past his well-trained gag reflex, and swallowed around him, his nose pressing into his pubic again and his stretched lips brushing Jimmy’s testicles.
Jimmy smiled and nodded, eyes focused on where Castiel was currently rubbing and massaging the soothing cream into his buttocks gently. Dean’s skin was crimson from the backs of his knees up to the curve of the small of his back, even though Castiel hadn't struck him that high or low. He guessed that the warm spread of the impact merely traveled out further than where he was actually hit while taking in the few, dark spots already turning into a shade between red and purple, and bruising. They would leave marks for sure and Jimmy felt a rush of sympathetic pain for Dean at the thought of sitting down on his cheeks.
Throwing his head back slightly, Dean let out a soft sigh and closed his eyes, widening his stance for better leverage, his hands clenching at his sides. Castiel left his spot on the bed to walk behind him and saw that Jimmy had already started to prep Dean as Cas’ eyes caught his fingers between Dean’s cheeks, pumping in and out of his tight hole. He smiled and listened to the soft sound of it for a moment, then stepped closer to his boyfriend, nuzzling the crook of Dean’s neck from behind – he felt the collar brushing his cheek while doing so – and praising, “You make for such a lovely gift, Dean. All for us, to do with what we desire.” Dean merely sighed and turned his head a bit to the side to offer his neck to Cas, who took the invitation gladly and swept his tongue across the salty skin in wet, messy kisses. He even let his teeth graze the skin a few times, a slight threat that had Dean visibly torn between leaning back into him or leaning into Jimmy’s mouth.
WARNING: restrictions and orders, consensual somnophilia, cumplay, (cum-)marking, (semi-)public sex, using odd things for pleasure: popsicle, temperature play, shibari, cockrings, glans ring, butt plugs, small punishment, underwater sex, sex fantasy (double penetration, multiple orgasms)
needs is when they’re either floating in subspace or in their euphoric state after a scene and I am there to care for them. Because that’s when they truly
“So you’re saying you aren’t good looking?” In her desperation, Jessica tried humor but ended up being looked at with an unamused glare. “What do you mean?”
was still not safe with Dean after all this time they’ve spent together.
At that, Cas almost choked on his beer and Sam made a noise of disgust. And yeah, Jimmy could picture Dean in lingerie and he had to admit that he’d gladly fuck the man’s brains out while he was wearing a pair.
he could do this, and he could.
Chuckling, Dean said, “Man, he was like a lovesick puppy when they met at school, came home every day to tell me all about her and teaching me sign language. The only time he was even worse was when he met you, Jess. Once, we walked down a street, and Sammy was so enthralled by telling me a story about you, that he straight-up ran over a little boy.” He was laughing again now and it was intoxicating as always. “Jesus, hearing him stammer out an apology to the kid’s mother with his face all red was hilarious.”
He felt like he lost some sense of time as he floated on his orgasmic high, Cas still glued to his back, harsh and loud breaths falling to his shoulder and making him shudder. Though, he seemed to recover fast enough because, a moment later, he was back to nibbling on his skin, irritating the already inflamed spot even further. And then, Dean felt Cas’ grin against his shoulder right before the Dom started to untangle himself from him, and Dean only had a second to concentrate on the tingling feeling in his neck where his boyfriend had been sucking on before the sensation of Castiel’s thick spunk dribbling out of his fucked-out ass caught his attention.
After a long moment of silence, Jimmy answered, “You know there’s a huge window next to the door? The one in our kitchen?”
“I adore and treasure you, Dean,” Cas rasped into his ear, making Dean moan as his hands started wandering across his belly again, fingers grazing his pubic area teasingly while starting to place open-mouthed kisses down the back of Dean’s neck. “You’re so giving. You know exactly what we want and you give it to us without wanting anything in return. And for that, I want to worship you because you deserve to feel every ounce of pleasure we know how to give you and so much more.”
The sticks tasted delicious and Jimmy loved watching Dean enjoy his food, he even ate the salad with a happy smile on his face – probably because it helped cool his mouth. By the time the veggies on sticks and the salad had been eaten, the bread on sticks were ready and they each grabbed one, waiting for it to be in a temperature that didn’t burn their insides. Once that had been achieved, they all enjoyed the bread while talking about the summer they had before their conversation was about camping and Dean commented, “We did that once, remember? Dad took us on a hunting trip when you were, what, about six? I recall that we slept in a tent, the old man wanting us to be able to survive in the wild, and in that night, you told me about your first crush, Eileen.”
. We’d follow you to the end of the world, go through Hell with you if that’s what it takes to be with you. You could never let us down, Dean. Whatever it is, we’ll work it out. We can talk about it. You’ll never have to worry about that, baby. I promise.”
So he knew that it took a lot of work and time, and because his ass was already accustomed to their length and girth and easily opened for either Cas or Jimmy, it hadn’t been difficult to use the first three toys, but this one was huge and Dean swallowed thickly as he jerked his hand up and down its shaft to coat it with lube until it was dripping with it.
As he glanced at his twin, he could see the spark in his eyes and the loving expression with which he was staring at Dean and his neck. As he was staring at what was
It was as if Cas’ worries and panic had been days ago, totally forgotten about, as Dean laughed breathlessly and Jimmy chuckled, making Cas grin softly. As if Dean had put a spell on them and nothing could ever make them break as long as they had this beautiful and radiant man in their arms.
And Dean was gorgeous like this. Of course, he was always gorgeous, but with his skin glowing, glistening with oil, breath panting and his rim stretched around one of his boyfriends’ thick cocks, he was breathtaking.
and Dean enjoyed feeling Jimmy’s hot and pulsing flesh inside him, clenching down around him to take in every inch and making the man groan loudly. He loved this; the moment the person taking him kept holding still for a moment after bottoming out as if trying not to shoot their load already. It gave Dean the sense of having great power over them at that moment and he felt so wanted and good, waiting for the person to snap their hips back and thrust back inside in desperate need to bring them over the edge.
“I stole a lot from stores just so that Sammy could have a cake for his birthday or a present for Christmas. And while I didn’t have any real depression back then – at least I wouldn’t call it like that – I guess it was where it all started. Kinda the origin of my inner turmoil,” he chuckled dryly and Castiel’s heart clenched. “In school, I never had any real friends ‘cause we were the weird guys with a dead mother and absent father, you know? Maybe another reason why people didn’t like me was that I was a flirty fuck and a real threat when it came to girls. And I, dunno, just started to sleep around pretty early. They used to call me the school slut, although I always tried to hide that from Sammy.
It was just then, that Sam started asking himself where the Hell Jessica had gotten all this information and knowledge about this topic, and he asked, “How do you know all this?”
It still didn’t make any more sense to him than it did before, but he nodded anyway and told himself that he would see what this thing was for when Cas used it on Dean.
So he closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths to prepare himself for their scene, surrendering to Cas and Jimmy only and feeling the calm wash over him that typically came with submitting. At this moment, Dean realized that, with their regular scening, he hadn’t heard that voice in a while, which only encouraged him even more to be good now.
Well, that answered all the questions without him even having to ask and he sent a quick look at Cas, trying to show with his eyes how thankful he was to be the one today. He heard a quiet ‘oh’ coming from Dean and smiled, grabbing the lube to slick himself up and taking his position behind the Sub on his knees, framing his ass with his hands and admiring the sight. Dean parted his lips and stared at his Dom until he got his nod to continue and took him into his mouth, placing his chest down on Cas’ legs and sinking down with his hands holding the base of Cas’ cock. The change in position made it easy for Jimmy to penetrate, but before he did as much, he took his sweet time in riding between Dean’s slick and cherry red cheeks, teasing him by rubbing the head of his cock against his hole without slipping inside and testing his patience.
Castiel was like a furnace at the blonde’s back, taking Dean in harsh and unforgiving thrusts as he made sure to nail his prostate with every drag, and Dean just found himself meeting his thrusts with intensifying frequency, his lips parting with every moan and jaw dropping so he could pant out. Each snap into Dean had his neglected cock bouncing and bobbing between his legs, slapping against his belly, and if Jimmy hadn’t already come, this sight would have tipped him over for sure.
“Yeah, I’m all good. Dean is warm and comfy on me, and it’s not like this is the first time I’m underneath him like that.” Jimmy was stroking Dean’s side gently as his other hand massaged his scalp, his eyes focused back on their boyfriend waiting to be taken.
And so they grabbed a few pens, a laptop, and paper and sat down in the living space, printing a copy of the checklist Castiel usually took for this occasion and starting to read it over, all on their own. Occasionally, Dean and Cas had to explain a specific word to Jimmy and so they let him take his time, asking if he knew what everything meant and correcting him if he assumed something else.
Smoothing his hands down Dean’s thighs and up to his hips again, Castiel watched Dean’s hands as they cleaned the last plate and set them on the dish rack to dry and rasped, “We could have done that later… you’re still somewhat calming down from your second orgasm.”
Sam barked out a laugh at that and nodded. “Sure. But you know you’re no–” He forgot all about his sentence when Dean finally took a step towards him and Sam got a close look at his face for the first time, except when they had hugged. But Sam had been too occupied returning the embrace of his brother he hadn’t seen since his birthday in May to notice the fading but still prominent bruising around his left eye and the cut above his eyebrow. It was yellow-brownish and if they’d been further apart from one another, Sam would have probably not seen it, but the cut was still an angry red and it practically screamed at him.
“Do you want to watch a movie? I have Netflix, although I don’t really watch it.” He took a seat next to Dean on the sofa and grabbed the remote to turn on the TV. They had some space between each other but not enough that Cas didn’t feel Dean’s body heat anymore. It was like he was radiating off warmth and it felt amazing. Cas wanted to just slide over and press his front against him to take it all in.
“Of course, Dean, we’d never spend the holidays without you.” Jess smiled and patted Dean’s knee reassuringly, which made Dean smile slightly and he nodded.
Placing a hand on Jimmy’s shoulder, Jessica said, “Hey, it’s a lovely story, we know you didn’t mean to offend. It’s quite the opposite, you know, ‘cause now we get to tell all our friends that Dean has been mistaken for a prostitute and Sam here almost choked on his own spit at hearing it!” She laughed again, wheezing, “It’s hilarious! Really.”
, Dean?” Castiel whispered, kissing his lips once more.
Grinning, Jimmy answered, “Only that we promise not to have sex or do other obscenities with Dean.”
“Dude, don’t thank me,” Dean laughed but there was warmth and affection in his eyes. “Makes it sound like a big deal… not that it wasn’t, you know…” Sighing, Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose between his fingers before looking at Cas. “God, I’m making an ass outta myself right now. I’m just not good with words, you know?” He let go of a long, steadying breath and sat up straighter, continuing, “I just wanna say how much I like you.”
When he went to bed after they called it a night, Dean felt better than he had in a long time and he was out surprisingly fast.
The small passage was dimly lit but honestly relaxing for Castiel’s eyes as they made their way through, passing one private room after the other until they reached the main area, which was illuminated by a few stage lights in varying shades of red but still only bright enough to see the other people in the room. The music there could be heard even from the private rooms but standing here in the center of it, Castiel was surprised to realize that it wasn’t in fact as loud as he thought. Would it have been louder, he wouldn’t have heard the commotion coming from the direction of the exit, which was where they were headed. But as soon as they saw the crowd that had gathered there, Jimmy and Cas paused, taking in the situation in front of them.
“Dean, we would like you to come back now, though,” Cas said more firmly, trying to get through to Dean. “Just open your eyes so that we can see that you’re okay, nothing more.”
“What are you doing, my love?” Cas asked with a soft smile once Dean broke the kiss, his hands sliding up his lover’s thighs where they sat spread wide around his hips.
The snarl that ripped from Castiel’s throat at that sight was almost animalistic, and Dean’s eyes widened, his grin getting giddier. He stopped, then, stilling his thrusts and letting go of the pillow with a sly smile, his eyes slightly hooded and forehead sweaty.
Behind Dean, Jimmy shifted his position so that he was sitting cross-legged behind his boyfriend and wrapped his arms around Dean while tracing the tip of his nose along the oily skin of the back of his neck and shoulders, fingers finding his nipples. He nipped at his earlobe and licked his skin, which had Dean humming and sighing into Cas’ mouth as they still kissed passionately. Then the two parted and rested their foreheads against each other’s, breathing in the same rhythm. Their skin prickled with goosebumps at how intimate and sensual this was, especially with Cas’ rock-hard cock deep inside Dean’s soft body.
Up until now, they had always found a way to get their time with Dean. No one got left behind and if someone was kissing Dean already, the other would just have to wait. They never truly fought for Dean’s affection or attention like this and it left Cas perplexed for a moment as he watched his twin grip Dean’s thighs to lift him up and press him against the wall while making sure his lips would never recover from this hardcore make-out session.
A responding smirk crossed Castiel’s features and he clasped his hand around Dean’s wrist, growling, “I’m not your ‘sir’, Dean. I’m your boyfriend and Dom and you better treat me like one.”
“I want you, both. Please! Fuck me.”
He was ripped out of his reverie as one of the twins wrapped their arms around his middle, pulled them back against their body, and buried their face in the crook of his neck, taking a deep breath. When that someone spoke, Dean realized it was Jimmy and he placed his hands above his, relaxing into the embrace slightly while listening to that husky voice saying, “When you told me that you’ve never seen the ocean before, the first thing I had in mind was this room. I’ve been here about five months ago with some friends and I knew I needed Gabe to agree to this. I wasn’t sure if it would be too much but now that I’m seeing your expression, I know this was the right decision.”
Thankfully, Jimmy sensed that Dean wanted to stop and began running the popsicle across his burning skin and over the marks and bruises instead. This time, the cold was actually soothing and not just refreshing and Dean felt every bite and bruise his Dom had left behind on his sensitive skin that Jimmy made sure to kiss and soothe, leaving Dean to pant and relax again. He could feel his mind easing by the care his Dom took and it didn’t hurt that Cas was right there too, scratching his scalp gently.
“Like I’d wanna miss any of this,” Dean said, looking around their room. “And, it’s not like I spent a fortune on your gifts…”
Shaking himself out of his dirty thoughts, Jimmy smiled and answered, “I thought I’d wait so we could eat it together. The pies are amazing here.”
“I gotta make this right.” Dean freed his hair from his fingers and let them fall back into place at his sides, taking a step back. “I owe you two this much.”
“That sounds interesting,” Jimmy said, hearing Dean hum in agreement.
Dean was currently drinking his third beer, which was also going to be his last. Back when they had talked about rules and everything, Castiel had made clear that Dean nourish himself and keep a healthy lifestyle and had set the rule that he was only allowed to drink when they were either drinking with him or giving him allowance to, with a maximum of three bottles of beer or one shot of the harder stuff.
Not long after the first digit followed the second one and Dean hummed as Jimmy spread and scissored them inside his velvety channel until a third, then a fourth finger slipped in without resistance. Castiel admired Jimmy’s gentleness with which he prepared Dean. His motions were slow and careful and his eyes sincere as he speared Dean on his fingers, easing them inside and pulling them back out, alternating between those two actions to open Dean up for him. It didn’t take long after that until Jimmy tenderly pulled out his fingers and used the residue of oil on his cock as lube.
Castiel had never needed someone as much as he did Dean and he also never wanted to make someone
The process of waking up took longer than anticipated and Jimmy enjoyed playing with Dean like that. Once he had scissored him open with four fingers, he pulled them out and used the residue of the lube on his hands to slick up his cock. He wasn’t going to fuck Dean but he could still have his fun with him in a different way. So, he positioned himself above Dean, knees bracketing his thighs, and pulled his cheeks apart with his hands once more, exposing his prepped hole to the room. Feeling bold, Jimmy leaned down to blow a stream of air against the glistening skin and watched with rapt attention as a shudder wracked Dean’s body and a gasp chimed through the room. Then, he lined his erected cock up with Dean’s ass, but not to penetrate. Instead, he had his fun sliding his hard flesh across his skin, up and down Dean’s cleft. The glide was slick and it felt wonderful, and he made sure to push down extra firmly whenever he grazed his boyfriend’s hole while gliding his cock up and down between his asscheeks.
“Mhh… green–mnmh…”
A few nights after their first public scene, Dean had wanted them all to sit down together and talk about it. At first, Jimmy had thought that Dean was about to tell them that he’d never want to do something like that with them again, but as it had turned out, their boyfriend had totally enjoyed their scene together and was more than eager to repeat it. He happily remembered back to the first part of that night despite what had happened afterward. Castiel had been the happiest upon hearing this and had surprised Dean with a reward in the form of a sensation play scene that same night.
Those eyes had the exact same shade of icy and grey-blue as Alastair did and it shocked him to see them so close.
“Hmmm,” Jimmy hummed as if weighing his options while studying Dean’s face, “You wanna see it?” Instead of a verbal answer, the blonde merely nodded his head twice and bit down on his bottom lip with his teeth, trying hard to look coy for Jimmy. And, admittedly, he succeeded. So Jimmy scooted a bit closer to Dean in his chair and turned slightly, throwing a glance at their guests that were too occupied with their food to notice what happened around them, and whispered, “Lift my shirt.”
“Hey, Dean… what’s wrong?” Her voice was quiet, tentative, as if to not break the heavy silence in the room. When she reached the bed, Jessica crouched down in front of him and grasped his hands with her own to bare his face. “What was that right there? Why do you feel like you can’t tell us the truth? We know you’re not okay. Let us take care of you just like family is supposed to, Dean.”
“Yeah, sure, if you don’t mind sharing body heat with me…” he grinned cheekily and took his hand to lead him out of the bedroom and into the bathroom, where they stepped into the shower and washed off cum and sweat together.
They are resting now – have been for three days – before they have to be at the front again. And Castiel tried to enjoy those rare peaceful and quiet moments before all there is going to be is death and destruction, tried to spend those few days with his friend –
“You truly don’t,” Cas assured, meeting Dean’s eyes with sincere ones, “I fell asleep last night not even thinking about my erection. You know after a while, it just goes down on its ow–”
“It’s referred to a sensation after an intense play session, mostly experienced by Subs, which often occurs as a result of the release of endorphins – chemicals, that produce a natural high. Although, the down from such a heightened experience can be quite low and so it’s important that adequate arrangements are made for aftercare.”
Leaning in closer again, Dean whispered, “It’s just part of my charm.” Castiel believed him and if he weren't currently that aware of Dean’s breath ghosting across his skin, he would have been able to find a remark to that. But all he could think of now were Dean’s lips again and they were
Letting out a frustrated and angry huff, Castiel said, “Then change it! Goddamnit! Let me be there for you! Let me,
lost Dean.
me. During that, they’re like Dean; they trust me to take care of them, to bring them back from their high, out of subspace, and back to reality. It’s when they’re most vulnerable. They give themselves over to me completely. And– and this trust, this responsibility I have, it’s what makes me feel needed and gives me the sense of having a calling in this life.”
When Dean still didn’t answer, he turned around and crouched in front of him, placing his hands on his knees to keep his mind clear by reminding him of their presence with touches. “Are you with us, Dean?”
The weight of it all crushes Castiel like a fly and he slumps into Benny’s arms with a “he’s dead, Benny,” and lets out sob after painful sob.
Jimmy did not intend to swallow so loud that it chimed through the quiet bedroom but it happened anyway and there was heat building low in his stomach that he had no control over as he imagined what Dean was saying. “Go on,” he managed to press past his clenched teeth, trying not to flip Dean over and take him right here and now.
Unable to contain himself and his burning desire for this man any longer, Jimmy slightly bent while keeping a firm grip on Dean’s ass and lifted him up off the ground. He could feel the smile against his lips as the blonde chuckled slightly at this show of strength and wrapped his arms around his shoulders while he crossed his ankles underneath Jimmy’s butt to steady himself as he was being led into the bedroom. Jimmy was careful not to hurt Dean as he bent down to place him on top of the mattress after his shins hit the bed frame. When he was securely resting on the sheets, though, Jimmy crawled on top of him and took a moment to appreciate Dean’s beautiful body all bared and stretched out in his bed just for him.
After the tour, they went into the store to buy food and other stuff they might be needing, like some toiletries for Jimmy and Cas since they didn’t bring any. Dean joked and laughed a lot while they were walking down aisle after aisle and Cas was delighted to be here and see the man so free and happy – like having them here made him feel untroubled in a way he never did before. If they always had such an effect on Dean, then Jimmy and Cas never wanted to leave again.
As their lips parted, Dean felt those slick fingers circling his hole for a moment until one digit pressed inside to the third knuckle and started moving around inside of him to stretch him open. When a second finger was added to the first one to start scissoring and thrusting in and out, another set of fingers began massaging his stuffed cock and thrusting the sound in and out in rhythm to the fingers in his hole. It all threatened to overwhelm him too soon, especially when Jimmy pulled the rod out to replace it with a wider one to start stretching his slit just like his ass was being stretched by three fingers, and he felt heat creeping up his neck and ears as he clenched impossibly around the digits and his hips moved on their own accord.
Cas smiled, bending down to place a kiss into his hair and breathing in Dean’s scent like he loved to do. It was oddly satisfying that their boyfriend smelled like they did since they were using the same shampoo, and Castiel’s heart swelled at the thought that people may know that they were together by merely their scent.
“Of course.” Castiel thought about what they could do together that had nothing to do with sex. They could have watched a movie, or eaten something, though Castiel wasn’t particularly hungry and Dean didn’t seem like that either, so he opted for something more intimate and hoped it wouldn’t scare Dean away. “You don’t shy away from my touch. Do you trust me?”
And that is what they do; they spent the entire night flicking through the small photographs of a teenage Dean and his Dad on a hunt, of a young Dean in a leather jacket that looks just a bit too big for him in front of a black sports car – a ‘67 Chevrolet Impala; Sam tells him it’s Dean’s ‘Baby’ and that his Dad gave her to him for graduation before he died in an accident – Dean and Sam preparing a ‘major’ prank on Jo, which backfired tremendously because they didn’t expect that Jo planned on their prank and led them into a trap. And that is why, while he cries about the death of the love of his life during all those happy memories, he also cries with laughter.
After that, Dean was helpless to Castiel’s mouth as the Dom began to lay kisses over the curve of his shoulders, his stubble scraping across Dean’s sensitive skin. He traced his lips down the length of his body, trailing open-mouthed kisses across his chest and belly, dipping the tip of his tongue into Dean’s navel, and sliding further down to mouth at the freshly shaven and super sensitive skin of his pubic area while avoiding his cock altogether. Then he mouthed the meat of his inner thighs and scraped his teeth against it teasingly, creating wonderfully delightful friction. His scruff was so close to where Dean wanted him to be, but he mirrored this on the other side and then just trailed down his legs to lay kisses over his knees and his ankles, leaving him unsatisfied.
A loud groan caught Jessica’s attention then and she hung her coat over the rack next to the door before turning around and watching as Dean got into an upright position on the couch. His back was facing her as he stretched his arms out above his head with a slight
When Jimmy turned around and looked at Dean, the blonde was sitting on the edge of the chair, his legs swinging since his feet didn’t touch the ground and his arms were propped up next to his thighs, making Dean’s upper body look long and muscular. That aside, he seemed shy once more and there was this cute little smile on his lips that Jimmy wanted to kiss. “Anything for you. And it’s alright, really.”
A steady stream of moans and gasps was leaving Dean’s throat with each thrust and Jimmy knew he was stimulating his prostate just right. He kept going like that, pushing them both further and further towards the breaking point while Dean started to truly let go, his body going pliant and soft and welcoming beneath Jimmy.
“So, you work here?”
“There are a lot of things you can do without experience as long as you’re careful and observant. Like what we did just now, it was vanilla sex with the exception of our new dynamic. You can be dominant without experience or give orders. You can also provide for aftercare. What you can’t do without experience is using certain toys or equipment like whips, crops, floggers, ropes, or medical stuff. And I am not even talking about the extreme.”
It was their love language.
The two of them had discussed that the most because, while Cas didn’t need to have physical relationships with his Subs and only needed to have control over them in certain ways, he had realized that Dean did need a physical one with his Doms and that just wouldn’t be possible miles apart from each other. It took a lot of explaining and some convincing arguments for Jimmy to understand and agree to it, even though Cas had his own problems with that because he internally bristled with anger at the Dom for treating Dean this bad and every fiber in his body and everything he stood for went against this decision. The only thing that kept him from getting all bossy and demanding that Dean end things with Michael was the spark of hope every time he looked at Dean and he kept convincing himself
When Dean started to talk, his voice was steady but quiet and he focused his eyes on his hands where they were tracing invisible patterns across the blue fabric of the couch. “I’ve always felt lonely, especially since John never showed up and I had to raise Sammy all on my own… as just a kid myself. I guess I was overwhelmed with this responsibility and having to grow up too soon, without having a childhood of my own. When John was home, it was never to stay. He always just wanted to grab some stuff and gave us some money that didn’t always cover everything. He wasn’t there on birthdays or Christmas and that made me feel pretty lonely and sad because John was once someone I had always looked up to. When I was younger, my dad had been my hero. Indestructible and caring. I always wanted to be just like him but when mom died, he changed. My hero was gone and what was left of him was a dead shell of the man I used to love, an alcoholic that was unable to care for his sons. But I still care for him, you know, even after… everything.” Cas nodded in understanding and watched as Dean sniffled. Their boyfriend had never told this much about John Winchester and he didn’t know if he should be surprised or sad about the fact that he was right in guessing he had played a main part in all of what led Dean to his depression, and that Dean still cared for a man unworthy of his devotion and loyalty.
Cas admired how unbothered his boyfriend seemed to be by his hard cock pressing into his velvety insides because, unlike when he was soft and stayed inside after sex, his cock didn’t go with him, didn’t bend when he did. It just stayed stiff, pulsing, and throbbing with pleasure at the shift in position, and he felt it poking into something very soft. As crazy as it was, Castiel checked Dean’s belly for a bulge to see if he poked into something important, but it was as lean and soft as always, stretched in the position Dean kept himself in. His legs were still on Cas’ shoulders and he bent forward just a little to stroke his boyfriend’s gorgeous stomach while Jimmy cradled Dean’s face and massaged his scalp.
“Oh,” Dean breathed out before seeming to understand what Cas had just said and repeating, “Oh.” This time, it sounded more like a realization and Dean smiled, leaning in to give Cas a soft kiss, and when they parted again, he whispered, “God, you’re sweet.”
. A wave of possessiveness rushed through him and he was reminded of other people wanting Dean – other people like that guy in the pub, which Cas would have loved to see without balls. Just the bare thought of strangers’ hands on his boyfriend, hands that weren’t his or Jimmy’s, made him so furious, that he had to detach his lips from Dean’s to place his forehead against his boyfriend’s and take a few steadying breaths.
While he covered the rubber with as much lube as he thought was needed, Dean took in the design of it. For whatever weird reason, he loved unique dildos. He loved colorful ones, weirdly-shaped ones, or ones with amazing texture. One of his favorite go-to's was
Starting to pick up the ropes he would need and draping them neatly over his arm, Cas asked, “Have you ever had problems with your back? Any injuries?”
He took a step closer and reached down to cup Dean’s chin in a firm, demanding grip, guiding him to his hard cock. With a satisfied smirk, Dean shifted on his knees to turn towards him, his hands gripping Cas’ legs for purchase as well, and he chanced a glance at Castiel from underneath his lashes, his eyes sparkling.
Then, a soft
He shook his head to snap back into reality and forget about what happened to concentrate on the raging boner in his pants. A predatory, though still loving smile crossed Cas’ features as he felt Dean’s equally hard erection pressing into his thigh where it was pushed between his legs, his boyfriend backed up against the wall to the shower. They shared another heated kiss and then, Castiel leaned back a bit to finally take off the offending piece of clothing and roamed his hands all over his lover’s broad chest, making sure to trace his tattoo and graze his tender bruises with his fingertips.
“Fuck, yes! Yeah,
The closer they’ve come to their public scene, the more obvious it got for Jimmy and Cas that Dean was nervous, so they had known it would only be a matter of time until Dean would ask for a punishment to ground him again. And even though Dean had cried again, Jimmy had been able to watch it all without breaking into a panic or getting mad at Cas.
“I want to continue. I know that I can, Castiel. I just need a break.”
The blonde nodded a few times, slowly rising to his feet in the bathtub with Jimmy’s aid, holding his hands to keep himself steady and prevent himself from slipping, and then placed his hands into Cas’ open and waiting ones to hold on to them while stepping out of the tub. Once Dean was standing on solid ground, Castiel walked into the front part of the bathroom, coming back with two towels in his hands, one of which he reached out to Jimmy, who was currently stepping out of the tub as well. He took it with a thankful smile and toweled his body dry as soon as he managed to get his soaked clothes off while watching Cas do the same with Dean.
Shaking his head softly, the blonde said, “It can wait.” Then he turned his head to look at Jimmy and asked, “Unless you want to sleep?”
Eyes wide, Dean shook his head and hurried to say, “I do! I do, Cas. I’m sorry I didn’t come to you. I didn’t wanna hurt you, Cas. I’m so sorry. Please forgive me… please. I’m sorry.” His body trembled and tears were leaking from his eyes now and Jimmy wanted so desperately to make it stop. When he looked at Cas, he saw that his twin was equally shaken about the situation.
Cas was completely taken aback by those words and so Jimmy was the one to speak first as he assured, “This isn’t a game to us, Sam,” and Sam only appraised them with a critical eye.
Just as he wanted to slip his hand underneath and play with Dean’s cock, the blonde decided to turn halfway onto his stomach, angling his leg so that his foot pressed into the knee of his other leg and burying his face into the pillow with a soft sigh. But now his ass was on display for Jimmy and that was even better.
It had taken a while for Dean to realize he hadn’t heard of it before and so the question came a bit delayed but Jimmy shot Cas a knowing smirk nonetheless and mused, “You’ll have to find out.”
“Oh, okay. Then you two haven’t had time to gossip about me while I was asleep…”
, he didn’t deserve any of them… and his mood swings started to fucking annoy him.
Jimmy’s eyes bugged out and he said, “So you visit your brother every year for the holidays and you’ve never been to Long Beach?”
Making his presence known in the silence of the room, Jimmy breathed out, “Hey,” and took a few strides towards the bed. Castiel looked up at him then with glassy eyes and Jimmy saw how nervous and worried he was, so he closed the space between them and sat down at the edge of their round bed, asking, “What’s wrong?” Cas merely turned onto his other side to face Jimmy and propped himself up on his elbows but said nothing. “Do you wanna tell me why you texted me this,” he grabbed his phone and waved it through the air a few times, “and what it means?”
It wasn’t a hard one at all. With all the sex he had with them, he felt as satisfied and fulfilled as never before and didn’t feel the need to masturbate as much as he had when he’d still been single. That would just be a waste of time when Cas and Jimmy were always there, wanting him. And that was what really confused him because they knew he didn’t have any need for some alone time underneath the sheets or in the shower. He had not once laid a hand on himself when it wasn’t asked of him during sex and he was allowed to stroke himself while being fucked.
A quiet, sleepy, “What?” came from the blonde and Castiel realized he had almost fallen asleep.
This made Castiel chuckle and he answered, “No.” Then he used his left hand to frame Dean’s face and caress his cheek with his thumb.
“Noo… Please don’t stop… green, please.” It was barely above a breath and he didn’t even open his eyes.
“Wha–”
“Didn’ say it was modest,” Dean slurred, grinning giddily, “Said it wasn’t big enough anymore… ‘cause you two fucked me so loose.”
“Well, we just did, but…” shrugging, Jimmy admitted, “I guess. I’m not sure. I
” He growled quietly and playfully snatched Dean’s bottom lip with his teeth before kissing him soundly.
The old Dean would’ve said something along the lines, ‘nothing ventured, nothing gained,’ but this was serious and way too damn important to make fun of or take lightly. No, Dean knew that this was something he had always been looking for and if he messed this up, he would never forgive himself. He had changed somewhere along the way after all.
Right now, Castiel was pressing his chest boldly against Dean’s back where he stood at the sink to clean the dishes he’d used for making those sandwiches and brushed his hands up his boyfriend’s flanks and down over the swell of his clothed ass – they had gone upstairs afterward to take a shower together and get dressed; Jimmy was still upstairs going through a few emails quickly – while leaning in closer with his face, lips opening slowly against Dean’s ear. Humid breath tickled him as Castiel purred, “Thank you so much for surprising us like that, my love.”
Scooting closer, Jimmy grasped his dick right underneath the head and aligned it with Dean’s rim, then guided it into his sloppy hole and pushed inside. Even asleep like this, Dean was as relaxed as always, allowing Jimmy to take his time penetrating him because he loved the feeling of Dean’s inner walls giving way to make room for his cock, loved feeling Dean’s muscles around the head of his cock while breaching him and the fact that there was always a bit of resistance that gripped his sensitive tip like a vice no matter how thoroughly they’ve prepped him before, only to give way and grant his dick entrance. It was the best feeling in the world and Jimmy understood why people called it ‘hitting home’ because this was where he always wanted to be and when he felt most powerful. Most like himself.
As Castiel stared at Dean’s face, taking in his pink mouth with spit shiny lips and his flushed cheeks, he remembered why he changed position, even if being able to openly stare at him like this was wonderful, because Dean was a vision, truly. This fucked-out look suited him perfectly. But Cas wanted Dean to finally look at him, so he demanded, “Look at me,” as he breathed in his ear while tracing the shell with the tip of his tongue. Dean shuddered and Castiel repeated, “Look at me, Dean. Don’t hide.” It took a while and some more thrusting, but then cloudy, dark eyes drifted to his own and green locked onto blue, while Cas pushed inside with fervor, punching another gasp out of Dean.
Without his say-so, he could feel a few new tears falling down his cheeks and he hurried to wipe them away with the back of his hand. But it was too late since Cas already saw them and was now staring at him with sympathetic, almost guilty, eyes. As if understanding what had Jimmy so rattled.
Jimmy was gone on him just like Cas and he didn’t have the slightest idea how the Hell that was even possible. It sounded like the cheesiest romcom when he thought about it now.
Skipping his crotch, Jimmy began massaging down the length of Dean’s body again, using the same techniques as they did on his backside, and started to rub and knead and cup Dean’s thighs. Cas knew how much their beautiful boyfriend liked to be touched and gripped at his thighs and saw him smile in exhilaration at getting exactly what he loved. Every muscle and every part of Dean’s body told Cas that the man was completely relaxed and getting closer to be entirely at their mercy with each passing touch. Cas was even able to decipher a few content hums or noises that sounded suspiciously close to purrs and it made his heart swell with love and adoration.
Jimmy joined them after closing the front door and they were careful not to touch Dean or to come too close to him in favor of preventing him from being overwhelmed. “Dean?”
“I won’t ever leave. Not as long as you’ll have me.”
Now, they had to walk this path again and all Jimmy wanted was to finally arrive at their hotel room to take off Dean’s clothes and take him to bed. He wanted to snuggle up to him and take a nap in his arms because, as much fun as they had and as exhilarating this day had been, he was exhausted and just wanted to rest for a bit, preferably cuddled up to his boyfriend.
As soon as they settled, Dean clenched down around Cas’ cock to encourage him but this was not what Cas wanted, so he just took in the moment of sheer bliss and peace at having Dean so close, even though euphoria swamped his senses and his cock pulsated and throbbed inside of his boyfriend. He knew Dean could feel it, which was why the blonde looked at him questioningly with a raised eyebrow, but Cas closed the space between their lips and kissed Dean senseless instead.
his voice softer now.
“Yes,” Cas said, getting back Dean’s attention which had just been on Jimmy, and watched him closely as he continued, “there would be certain boundaries and rule number one would be to always be honest with each other because honesty and communication are key to a successful relationship.” Dean nodded, his expression concentrated and focused as if taking in everything the twins were telling him with caution. “Special boundaries would be that you, Jimmy, and I all agree to refuse any other sexual or romantic relationships out of this arrangement, with one exception,” Castiel pauses for a moment, taking a calming breath at the lingering jealousy clawing its ugly nails into his insides, “you’d be allowed to continue scening with Micheal since we live at different places and I’m out of the question to take on his role from such a distance.
But then he stopped and swung one of his knees over Jimmy’s thighs, his hips keeping up swinging to the song, and straddled him. For a moment, he just rocked his hips back and forth like he did with Cas before and put his palms flat against his chest to move them in wide, slow strokes up and down his torso. Jimmy loved the feel of them as Dean touched him and now
Taken aback by that, Cas frowned and asked, “Where?”
There was a crease between her eyebrows as Jessica frowned, matching her expression with Sammy’s, who asked, “So, how did you get a tattoo?”
He’d actually never thought about it before, never even truly thought about what it meant that he was in a polyamorous relationship and loved two people at once, thinking that he somehow did identify as poly, all things considered. But he didn’t know if this was situational or if he’d always been poly but never realized. Up until he had met Cas and Jimmy, he’d never been in such a position – had never been in a relationship and met someone he loved as well before. So, he had just shrugged and said that he’d just known he was bisexual ever since he was a teen, and then Gabriel had told him that he was pansexual and digressed a little from their original conversation to tell him about his fondness for a certain non-binary, androsexual submissive that frequently visited his shop. Dean had been excited to hear about Gabriel’s stories because he had always been thrilled to learn new things about the LGBTQIA+ community and expanding his knowledge, hearing about identities.
Dean had managed to get rid of all his furniture over the course of three weeks, an old friend of his even gave him some cash for the couch and TV, which Dean was pretty happy about. His apartment was therefore completely empty safe for the fitted kitchen and a few blankets and pillows on the floor in the center of the living room that posed as his makeshift bed. Since the linoleum floor was hard and unforgiving, Dean’s back had been stiff for a few days now and it all just added up to his mood.
Dean was here, in their arms. He was warm, healthy, and happy, and watching Dean smile at them while explaining to Benny how their sex life worked, made it easier to leave those thoughts behind and concentrate on the here and now.
A moment of silence passed, then, “Thank you, Dean.” When Dean tilted his head like Castiel always did when confused, which was pretty adorable, Cas added, “For helping me with my drop. And Jimmy, thank you, too.”
Behind him, Jimmy stepped up close and asked in a soft voice, “Would you lift your arms for me?” and as soon as Dean did, he also rubbed in some gel and started shaving his armpits.
Frowning, Dean did what he was told and lifted his legs upwards to then bring his knees to his chest, holding his feet in the air. Castiel hummed contently at that and wrapped his large hands around Dean’s ankles to gently rest his feet against his own chest, each foot on one pec, getting into the right position, still on his knees though, and leaning his upper body slightly over the blonde so that the tops of Dean’s thighs pressed into Dean’s chest entirely. After a moment, the Sub raised his hips a bit without having to be told to and lined up his entrance with Cas’ stiff cock.
“Nah, I’m not ‘exhausted’ after sex or even a scene. I dunno, I just feel so content and warm, that I drift into that comfortable state and it’s hard to pull back out of it, you know?”
Feigning innocence, Cas asked, “Start sooner?” while his hands slid further up Dean’s body, from his hips up to his waist, before snaking past the waistband of his sweats to linger there.
He turned his mind off while Jimmy pounded him, moaning like a wanton whore as the man ravished him, his entire body wrecking with the force of his thrusts. Dean felt his orgasm right underneath the surface and he knew it wouldn’t take much longer until he snapped like a twig and came all over their bellies, but he tried to stave it off for as long as possible to obey Cas’ orders.
Frowning, Dean shouted, “What the Hell are you talking about?! Get off me!” Nothing made sense anymore. Neither the fact that Michael was supposed to be Jimmy’s and Castiel’s brother nor the things he was saying to Dean. So he tried again by growling, “Please, get off me, Michael,” and hoped that the man finally regained some senses.
Nodding, Dean waited for Cas to finish cleaning his hands and for Jimmy to step back as well, and once he did, he turned around and kissed Jimmy quickly, giving him a soft smile before walking towards the door and leaving the room. He slowly made his way through the hallway, passing private room after private room and taking in their respective numbers while trying not to eavesdrop on what was going on inside, even though he could hear the occasional moan coming from one of them, until he reached the main area of the club where the dance floor and the bar were located. It was about 1 am, so the place was still very much packed with people in various states of clothing and he carefully made his way through the crowds of people.
In his hand was a silver, thin piece, about 7 inches long and textured with small beads along the entire shaft. Lifting his gaze to look at Castiel, Jimmy asked, “That’s a sound? This thing?”
As soon as the sound stopped and Dean met his eyes, Cas helped him get up again, whispering praises, and flushed the toilet for him, cleaning the few water droplets between his legs and pressing a kiss to his temple when Dean whispered a ‘thank you,’ before grabbing his wrists once more and guiding him back into the bedroom, where Jimmy was already laying in the right position.
And Castiel saw red.
Tracing the line of his sweats with one finger where his panties sat right underneath, Cas asked, “Are you wearing a pair right now, Dean?” And when he met Castiel’s gaze, his eyes were dilated and hungry.
“So, you’re a mechanic. I hadn’t thought of that.” He admired the way Dean was as relaxed as if taking a nap while getting a tattoo like there was no pain at all. Or he was just pretty amazing at not showing it.
This was getting exciting and Jimmy thought about what to ask Dean. He didn’t want to start with something too deep or heavy and decided to begin with harmless questions. “Alright…”
Castiel barely managed to keep the relieved sigh he let out at that inaudible and smiled contently, deciding on what to eat. “I think I’ll have the same.” Dean merely shot him a sweet smile and sat back in his chair.
how he’ll make him pay for his sass…
“That was so relieving to hear. Knowing that I wasn’t fucked up in the brain and, while it was one of my deeper needs, there were other people out there that needed it too or had a kink for it. I wasn’t alone out there and it made me feel so good. After a while, I got so curious about it, that I visited a club when I was eighteen.
Dean merely nodded and purred again as Castiel moved his hands down from his waist to his hips and kneaded this part of his back. Cas’ fingers were so close to the hem of Dean’s pants that he brushed the fabric occasionally and after a while, he just couldn’t keep himself from trailing lower and lower until his fingers slid into his jeans and boxers and started kneading Dean’s buttocks. The sound Dean made for Cas then was just intoxicating and he watched, mesmerized, as Dean’s body slackened while he groaned loudly.
Nodding vigorously, Dean sighed, “Yeahh… yes.”
“Like what?” Jimmy asked, staring at Dean’s beautiful ass and the way the dark red, shiny silk dug into his soft skin. It pronounced his freckles and red had always been a color that looked freaking amazing on Dean, so it was no surprise that Jimmy couldn’t take his eyes off of his boyfriend.
Jimmy and Cas burst into laughter and Dean tried to hide his amused smile but failed miserably as he chuckled slightly. “Yeah, yeah,” he laughed, his eyes sparkling with amusement. “Keep laughing, but you’ve never seen a dong-zilla close up.”
Sam knew that Dean wasn’t very proud of himself for losing his temper like that, but he didn’t see the problem. He merely defended himself and he even gave the guy a chance to drop it. It was not like Dean just went in there looking for someone to slam his fist into. But he let his brother sort this out in his head and stayed quiet, only talking whenever he needed to know if something hurt during his patching Dean up.
He briefly worried that he was crushing his boyfriend, but Jimmy’s breathing was still as even and deep as was possible mid-sex, despite Dean’s full body weight resting on his body. They lay like that for a few moments, Dean concentrating on all the sensations, until Cas’ wandering hands slid along his over-sensitized cock, drawing out a long moan from him.
The blonde looked absolutely stunning and when he turned around to give Cas a thankful kiss for freeing him, Jimmy had the perfect view of his behind and his breath almost caught at it. Dean looked like he was still dressed in rope because there were clear lines all over his crotch and thighs and ass right where the silk had been. It was like he was wearing invisible rope and Jimmy sighed in astonishment, seeing utter love and admiration in Cas’ face as he took a look at his twin, who was seemingly just as affected by the view.
How his brother ended up slightly drunk anyway? That was something Sam had no idea of. Maybe it was because he was drunk himself and didn’t really make sure that Dean stayed true to his word, and he couldn’t remember that Dean had ordered alcohol at all but when he looked at the blonde now, there were three empty shot glasses in front of him and he was currently nursing a beer.
Nodding enthusiastically, Dean answered, “Hell yeah! I’d be honored to wear it for you. Show everyone that you own me.”
There is a tiny smile on Dean’s lips that gives Castiel hope and the confidence to say the next: “It’s because you’re a reckless idiot and I care too much about you to lose you over something stupid I could’ve prevented.” He bumps his shoulder against Dean teasingly, who snorts in amusement; his smile widening.
“Cas?” Dean asked after a moment of silence, starting to feel vulnerable. “What are you doing?”
“Only human,” Cas answered, even though it had been a rhetorical question. “I know what you’re trying to say, Dean. I understand. Jimmy is my brother and I love him, deeply. But I can’t find it in myself to feel bad about us, either, Dean. Or to feel sorry for Jimmy. I can’t, Dean. I could never regret something that feels so pure. How can anything feel so good and right but be wrong?” He scrubbed his face once, then sighed. “Sex like this was never really an option for me, Dean. Not with who I am and especially ever since I knew how powerful it could be as a Dom/Sub dynamic. Even before, it was never enough. But having sex with you, Dean, made me feel whole. Like being inside you is the cure to all. You made me feel content and satisfied and stilled a part deep inside of me that only ever got sated with control, through dominating my partners.” Castiel let his thumb stroke across Dean’s cheek again and whispered, “So, as much as I love my brother, I don’t ever want to
“I’m very glad that we’ve made you happy.”
I'm always happy about a kudo if you like what you're reading 😉
What was he supposed to think of that? Maybe this was why he couldn’t sleep – his mind wasn’t calm enough. God, he hated that. He hated whenever his thoughts got so loud that they kept him from sleeping or doing anything else. That was why he started to submit. It helped him let go, made his mind and the voice inside his head calm down. When someone else took the reins and gave him orders for what to do, he could just turn it off and do whatever his Dom wanted. He didn’t have to use his brain to decide what to do anymore, because someone else did that for him. Indulging in scenes like that sated his needs and balanced him with the Dom he was playing with – at least that was what it originally did.
Swallowing thickly, Dean gave another nod and with that, Cas slid his hands down his thighs before withdrawing them completely, and took his swing, slapping Dean’s right cheek with a loud and meaty
bad at words. He made himself sound like the biggest jerk. “I mean, I think it was ama–”
The best of all this, though, was that Dean was happier than Castiel had ever seen him, and he filled their daily lives with so much joy and fresh air, it was astounding. There was a lightness to him like a weight had been lifted off of his shoulders that had been there for years, and he shone as though from the inside, beautiful and good. And Castiel’s heart ached with it.
“No, it’s okay… ‘s not your fault anyway. Why would you apologize?”
“But you did it and that’s all that matters. This happened before, right?”
“Hush,” Cas whispered, stroking his thigh lovingly to soothe the sting, “None of that. Now, what’s your color?”
He was still thinking about that, rutting into the mattress to create delicious friction and pumping his fingers in and out of his sloppy hole, by the time he heard someone call for his name and then footsteps approaching. It surprised him that time had gone by this fast but he kept going, making sure to put on a nice show for his Doms and mentally preparing himself to get punished very soon.
The elder Winchester just shrugged off Sam’s hand and gave his brother a fake smile. “I’m fine, don’t worry.”
“What do you think you’re doing?”
It had been too natural for Dean to fall forward so he could put his mouth on Castiel’s dick, and as soon as he’d found the right position, he had laved it with spit and kisses and nibbles. Since he wasn’t able to use his hands because they were propped up on Cas’ knees to hold him up like that, Dean couldn’t really get the right leverage he needed while also still riding Jimmy, but enough wriggling had Cas’ cock finally sliding down his throat and Dean began to bob his head immediately to make up for having made him wait this long, feeling tears gathering at the corners of his eyes already.
Dean didn’t answer for a very long time where his expression got even a little panicked before he schooled his features and masked his worries, hiding them from Cas, who merely sat there, watching, and waited for Dean to explain what was going on. The silence stretched on for so long, that Castiel started to get nervous until Dean breathed out, “What are we going to do now?” It was barely even a whisper and Castiel strained to hear the words. When he did, though, understanding dawned on him and he suddenly felt very stupid.
Cas was lonely… that must’ve been it. He’d felt like this the entire day after he got to spend time with Dean last night. He missed his voice and laugh and the warmth of his body so close to his own. It was weird. But he wanted to see him again, he wanted Dean to show him his new tattoo that he must have gotten by now.
Jimmy was half laying behind them, his head using Dean’s side as a pillow as he stroked their boyfriend’s leg absentmindedly while watching a show Dean had originally hoped to see but dozed off to. But the two granted him his sleep since he’d been pretty exhausted after using the day to look for a job. And it was nice to just rest and not worry about Dean’s newly silent side.
So why the order?
Sam had told her that Dean had been having those since childhood, presumably ever since their mother died and their father started to show no real interest in taking care of them. It had been especially hard for Dean whenever John had left him alone with Sam and the younger Winchester had admitted to Jessica, that, sometimes, he would find his brother locked up in his room. Whenever this had happened, Dean would be frighteningly quiet after that, not speak except for when he had to and Sam would practically see how Dean’s mind was tearing him apart from the inside and suck his brother into them, how Dean was getting lost in them with no anchor to ground him.
So, Jimmy wasn’t at all surprised that, when Cas asked where Dean wanted the rope to go, the blonde had answered his butt. Though, he was sure it wasn’t just because he loved any friction he could get on it but also because he’d still be able to wear shorts at the beach that could hide the rope and make him feel less like a freak – yes, Cas and Jimmy were still sad about the fact that, after all this time, Dean still thought like this about himself.
Dean’s immediate reaction to that was a head shake and a
Jimmy spared a surprised glance at Dean and asked, “Anything?”
Dean’s eyes turned sad and Castiel swore he could feel his heart sink deeper at that. He was quiet for a moment, and when he answered, his voice was small and rough. “No.” Castiel had never felt this relieved about anything before and he took in a steadying breath to calm his wildly beating heart. “I feel bad…” Before Cas could freak out about this, Dean went on, “…not about this,
right on that spot, making Dean wail and jerk his hips with the sweet, sharp pain coursing through his body before massaging the leather into the spot and resuming the tap tap
Dean let out a shaky breath and smiled. “Okay,” it was almost a whisper and his voice was soft and raw. The sound of it made Castiel’s skin prickle pleasantly. “Then we’ll be open and honest with each other. So I gotta tell you that I’m gonna meet him tomorrow at his studio to get a tattoo.” Their eyes met then and Castiel took in the by now darker shade of green of his irises as the sun was starting to set and covering the town in faint shadows.
Placing a well-manicured hand on his shoulder, Jess said, “thank you,” at the same time as Sam opened the door and gave a polite “thanks.” The two entered the room and deposited their bags in front of the bed, taking a look around. “This is truly amazing,” Jess exclaimed, gazing at the twins and directing a grin at Dean. Sam was more modest with his gratitude than his girlfriend and he merely nodded, stuffing his hands into his pockets, but Dean knew how impressed he was that Jimmy arranged all this just so that Dean could see the ocean for the first time in his life.
Once Dean affirmed that his color was still green, Cas decided that his Sub had gotten enough warmth and probably needed something like a cool off, so he silently left the room to hurry down the stairs, grab some ice cubes, and return to his former spot just as quietly. With the ice, he started to trace the beads of wax left behind on Dean’s heated skin, watching the red drops being replaced by a trail of water as the ice started to melt fast underneath Dean’s warmth. He traced the trail of water with his hot tongue, sliding down his torso and then his thighs to get the wax off with ice cube after ice cube. When he reached Dean’s scrotum, he took some extra time to glide the ice across the sensitive skin and erase the wax, soothing it with his tongue right afterward and sucking his balls into his mouth, making Dean squirm and groan.
“Don’t leave. Please, I’ll make it up to you. I won’t ever hurt you again, Dean, I love you, please don’t leave…”
And with that, Cas ended the call and Jimmy put his phone aside to resume cleaning up. Well, at least he started putting the dirty dishes into the dishwasher while he couldn’t stop thinking about how disgruntled Cas had seemed about the fact that Dean was here. Although, the reminder that Cas was the first to sleep with Dean kept Jimmy from feeling bad about upsetting his twin.
When he checked up on Cas, Jimmy could see that his eyes were a little darker than they’ve been before and he smirked, knowing very well how he felt.
“I can't believe you're ours, Dean,” Cas grunted into his ear, giving an extra hard thrust while his hands traveled all over Dean’s body, possessive as they grabbed and squeezed their way up to his chest. “Our submissive. Boyfriend. You chose us. Out of thousands you could’ve been with, you chose us and I feel so lucky that I'm the one who gets to bring you pleasure. I'm the one who gets to see my good boy swallow my cock and stretch so beautifully around it, so ready and greedy for me.”
Grinning in teasing amusement, Cas countered, “I see you like that I like it,” and watched as Dean slowly dragged his eyes up Cas’ face to meet his gaze once more, his own tongue darting out to wet his bottom lip.
Cas met Dean’s eyes again and smiled fondly, saying, “I wish I knew.”
Castiel knew how much Dean hated Michael using toys that he never learned to professionally use on his Subs because that was when the Dom ended up hurting him, just like he did with his fists, and Cas couldn’t believe that Dean would keep something like that from them, especially since they’ve had a video call last night where he told them about their meeting and obviously lied to them.
The time read 9.24 am when the door to their apartment opened and Dean entered the living space. Jessica and Sam were having breakfast on the couch, watching some shitty TV, and they turned their heads to look at Dean as he closed the door and started towards his room.
His expression was quizzical and Jess bit back a smile. “I’ll tell you another time, I promise.” Sam just nodded.
The blonde turned back to look at him and he rolled his eyes in exasperation, but he knew that Dean appreciated their concern… most of the time. “Well, I’m not twenty any more… But, yes, I’m good.” He moved his jaw a few times, testing if he felt an ache somewhere. “It’ll just be a bit stiff tomorrow.” That had Castiel grinning wickedly and meeting Jimmy’s eyes, and Dean snorted, giving Cas’ chest a playful jab. “Shut it, you prick! You know you’re way above the average size. No need to brag.”
Taking another sip of his too-sweet drink, Castiel wished he would be in the place of the redhead to take a better look at his face so that he could make out the color of his eyes – in the dim light of the hall, everyone’s eyes seemed dark. Castiel decided that, as long as he wasn’t able to do exactly this, he would just continue to stare at his face instead.
Nodding, Cas confirmed, “I’m all good.”
“Thank you?” Dean asked, looking down at him with big, uncertain eyes.
There was a fleeting expression of confusion in Dean’s eyes before a tiny smile crossed his face, turning it sheepish, and he whispered, “Feed me your cock or I’ll get it from Jimmy,” in the most innocent voice he could muster while bucking up into Cas instead of apologizing as he had expected, and the unexpected cockiness startled a surprised laugh out of him. Since they were not in a scene, Castiel could just let it slide and take it with humor – well, he always liked it when Dean got bratty or brave and showed some attitude during sex, in whatever way, but as a Dom, it was his task to reprimand his Sub for such behavior even though he quite enjoyed it.
“Good. Here’s what I need: During a scene as well as afterward and in our typical daily life, I will need to praise you as much as I will need to give orders during a scene. I don’t like to degrade or humiliate you, and name-calling is fine with me as long as it’s still respectful. I won’t ever slap or beat your face to prevent reminding you of Michael. I will always need to care for you afterward, emotionally, and physically. And, but this is optional and I’ll only do it if you want to, I’d like to buy you a collar that you’ll always wear so that everyone knows you belong to us.”
“Ours only.”
Staring at the sound in Castiel’s hand, Jimmy asked, “So, does the urethra stay stretched afterward?”
Turning his body in Dean’s direction, Cas began, “While you were taking a walk, Jimmy and I took the time to discuss something, and we came to one conclusion that would work for us both. There are three possibilities here, though, and
And yet another kiss before Castiel had even been able to ask if he was one of the nice ones. Their making-out got more heated again and Dean started creating some friction with Castiel’s thigh until he suddenly stopped and withdrew from Castiel while he tried to chase after his mouth. He leaned out of his space to look at him worriedly and asked, “Are you alright, Dean?”
Though, as Jimmy was about to lay down at Dean’s side, Cas fumbled around in their bag and pulled out a bottle of water and a few snacks, seemingly having something else in mind and already preparing for aftercare. His assumption was confirmed when Cas said, “We’ll wake him up now because he needs something to drink. I think he’s gotten enough sleep for now and I know that he’d be sad if he woke up and didn’t see the evidence of what you’ve just done.” The last part he said with a small smile on his lips and Jimmy nodded, grabbing Dean’s legs and lowering them down to the ground from where they’ve been resting on Jimmy’s thighs in a way that didn’t jostle their boyfriend too much.
Just like Jimmy had. And
Before he starts moving, Castiel reaches out both of his hands and searches for Dean’s, lacing their fingers and holding on tight as they find each other. Castiel is propped up on his elbows partly, and he leans forward, tipping his head down, to capture Dean’s lips in a passionate kiss while simultaneously starting to pull out until only the head of his cock is inside and thrust back in just as cautiously.
“Why?” Jimmy questioned, looking just as confused and concerned. “Why would you think any of that?”
It was okay, really. Jimmy and Castiel had everything they needed. They both had their lives and were fairly content with them. The only thing Castiel was missing was someone he could share it with.
He had the best view of everything happening and Jimmy enjoyed the sight, watching as Dean hovered above Cas’ straining erection while grinding and swaying his hips to the music, having his way and obviously his fun by doing so. Castiel’s gaze was insistent and unwavering even though the poor guy was being tortured in the sweetest way and he was gripping the seat of the chair in dire need to control himself and not lay a hand on Dean’s beautiful body with his fingers so hard, that they were white-knuckled.
“Don’t you remember?”
Dean still had a few minutes since it was only 6.52 pm, so Castiel tried to tame his hair a bit, though he wasn’t very successful with that. He couldn’t remember ever having acted like that – wringing his hands and clenching his jaw to keep from making a noise with his shoes as his legs didn’t stop bouncing.
“But I didn’t have the chance to analyze that further anyway ‘cause then I was turned back around and Alastair’s lips where there, on my lips, ravishing my mouth as if he went wild, and I don’t really know how it came to it but, suddenly, we were walking out of the room and into one of the bedrooms and I was thrown onto the bed, watching as Alastair locked the door and walked back towards me. Everything just happened so fucking fast that the next thing I knew was that I was naked and Alastair jerking himself while cutting off my air with his hand squeezing my neck painfully. And then everything was just a blur as Alastair shoved into me without having opened me up for him first and I think I screamed at the pain and the stretch, but I’m not sure. And even though Alastair was going slow, it was the most painful thing I’ve ever felt, and all of a sudden, I was very sober.
Silence.
And then Castiel leaves Dean’s mouth, panting for air, and rests his forehead against the younger man’s cheek and feels a familiar wetness: Dean is crying again. He knows in an instant that this is too much for Dean – overwhelming him – and that he doesn’t know what to think or feel or do; Castiel doesn’t know himself right now.
“So what about it?” He asked, shrugging, “You two have seen me naked before. ‘s nothing you haven’t already had the pleasure to discover.”
“We intended to, but after we shared a few intense kisses and arrived at my place, he told me that he wouldn’t want to treat me like all his other hookups and so I took him to bed and held him while we simply talked.” Castiel had already forgotten what Dean tasted like and also how his lips felt against his own, couldn’t feel it like a memory of touch against his skin anymore and he hated it.
Castiel and Jimmy waited for Dean to fall asleep to gently roll him onto his back and rest his body next to Jimmy’s. Cas went into the bathroom to get a washcloth and start cleaning Dean and Jimmy and once that was done, they snuggled up to their boyfriend, throwing the covers over them and hugging him close, and got some rest as well.
To brighten up the mood again, Dean teased, “If I did, who’d make me come this hard and often anyway? You two have ruined me for every other man or woman…” and it worked just fine as Jimmy chuckled deeply and pressed his body against Dean’s back, nuzzling the spot behind his ear and humming, “Mmhh, really?”
There was just a tiny bit of jealousy churning at his insides when Cas answered, “That’s great. Sounds like you had a nice time.” But even if it was tiny, it was still there and Castiel wasn’t one to get jealous this fast and above all not of Jimmy. His brother’s happiness had always been the one thing he supported, no matter how. And if Dean made him happy, which he obviously did, then how could Cas be jealous of that?
With time, they had healed and Dean had seemed fine after a long time of recovery.
“Oh,” he merely whispered, staring down on Jimmy’s lips while his hand strayed from Jimmy’s waist up to his chest, placing it flat against the skin there. Then, Dean locked his gaze on to his again, his eyes vibrant and intense, and it was all Jimmy needed to lean in and kiss his boyfriend passionately.
Standing up, Dean let out a frustrated sigh, Castiel’s hands dropping from his hips and falling to the mattress with a
Castiel wanted to get to know him better, he just didn’t know if he’d ever get the chance to do so and that made him sad. He didn’t have any idea why he felt like this and it started to freak him out. He felt like losing control over his own feelings and he had always been good at monitoring them.
They stood there for a while longer, basking in this special moment, before Castiel said that he had also bought some cherry pie that he could put in the oven to reheat, at which Dean practically beamed at him, running down the stairs and opening the fridge to take out the pastry.
“What if he isn’t going to be happy about us visiting without a notice?” Where did those worries even come from? Only two nights ago, Dean had confessed how much he missed them during their daily call, so there was absolutely no reason to act like this now. The worst thing that could happen was Dean not having enough space for them so that they would have to take a motel room close to him
Chuckling, Jimmy grabbed the two cups of coffee and reached one over to Cas, who took it with a thankful nod while staring at Dean with loving eyes and a soft smile. As soon as they were both moving towards Dean, the blonde scrambled further into the middle of the sunbed to make enough room at each side of him for his boyfriends and Castiel happily snuggled up next to Dean, curling his body against his lover’s side and sighing contently as he lowered the blanket on them to engulf them in warmth.
Sam was just taking on his suit jacket when they finally came out of the spare room and it reminded Dean that he still had to take on his own. By the time Dean returned from his room with the jacket on, his brother and Jess were deep into locking their lips. He smiled at them before he turned towards the door. To say he was happy for them was an understatement. Dean valued their happiness more than he did his own and he was glad they had each other.
Back to his more cocky self, Dean chuckled and crossed his arms in front of his chest, leaning back in his chair. “What makes you think I’d have a problem being half-naked in front of strangers?”
Leaning in, Cas placed one more, this time, chaste kiss to his boyfriend’s mouth and smiled sweetly when he felt Dean’s grin against his lips. Parting from Dean’s mouth again, Cas said, “I can’t wait for the scene today.”
The twins merely grinned at him, Cas placing their bags on the beige bedroom bench and Jimmy closing the door behind him with a quiet
Chuckling, Dean said, “Yeah? You know what, sometimes, you hump me during sleep. Well, you only do that when you’re spooning me, when Cas spoons me and I face you, you’re not doing it. As if your dick knows that my ass is always there for the taking…” Jimmy buried his face in their boyfriend’s neck to hide his embarrassment and the way his face blushed at being called out, while Castiel couldn’t stop himself from laughing at that.
He freaking loved feeling this full.
“Come on, you lovebirds, Sam’s got the fire started, we can eat in a few minutes!”
It had been a rather long time since he last presented for someone like this but he wanted to make sure that Cas knew just how much Dean respected and trusted him, and he wanted to show his discipline and obedience even though it probably didn’t seem very different from the typical kneeling he did. But for a trained Dom it did and Dean knew that.
In addition, there was the fact that, when Castiel put his hand into Dean’s and their skin met, it sent pleasant chills down his spine like refreshing electroshocks. It was amazing and got overwhelming way too fast, which was why Castiel grabbed his drink and downed it in one go as soon as Dean – unfortunately – let go of his hand. He missed his touch immediately and his hand felt too cold.
Once they were inside, it took a few minutes to find Dean’s door and when they stood in front of it, Cas felt his heart going wild inside his chest to the point where he believed even Jimmy could hear its excited beating. Holding his breath, Cas placed his fist against the wood and knocked a few times, loudly.
Behind him, Castiel shifted slightly and asked, “You trust us this much?” At Dean’s answering nod, he continued, “I only want to make sure you’re okay with all this, so… how did you feel about my being here?”
“Come on, let’s get out and have some fun.” When she stood, Dean followed and she wrapped her arm around his shoulder to guide him towards the door. “What you need now is a distraction. And what better opportunity than to seek one at a party? You’ll find yourself a nice lady, or gentleman, and enjoy yourself!” Jessica slapped him on the shoulder playfully and grinned at him with an excited expression.
A squeeze to his ass had him nodding enthusiastically and he breathed out, “Yeah, I can do it.”
Chuckling, Jimmy advised, “Don’t. Really, you’ll regret owing him a favor. Besides, he told us that it’s no big deal and that we’re not the only friends he’s allowed to stay here.”
Taking his hand into his own, Castiel said, “It’s not stupid if it concerns you. We’re here to listen, Dean. Talk to us.”
Nodding, Dean smiled sheepishly and pressed back closer against Castiel’s body and while the raven-haired hummed his appreciation once more, trailing wet kisses down the column of his neck, Dean could hear Jimmy enter the room and come to a stop at his left side, resting his hand on Dean’s hip. He must have looked into the drawer, too, because the next thing to happen was Jimmy reaching into it and pulling out the purple panties to dangle them along his fingers, humming as well. Dean was starting to really love this noise and when Jimmy pressed his front against Dean’s side, he could feel a certain stiffness poking slightly into the jut of his hip and he groaned softly, his eyes fluttering shut as he copied Cas’ ministrations and kissed along his neck as well.
When Castiel turned his head to look at Jimmy, he could see that he was just as pissed-off about the things they were hearing as Cas was. And when his gaze fell back on Dean, he saw shock written into his face as well, although he still seemed to try and suppress it.
When Dean flicked his gaze down on Cas’ cock right in front of him, he leaned in a bit and brought up his large hands, delicately rolling his fingers along the shaft and flicking his thumb just under the head to get a gasp from Castiel. He teased him a bit longer, circling the head, thumbing his slit, and stroking along the length until Cas made a sound of protest at being played with like that, making a mental note to punish Dean for it with a cockring next time.
So he ignored all thoughts telling him that this would be a bitch and start hurting after a while and that he’d probably have some aching in his legs and hips tomorrow, and submitted to Jimmy, giving him exactly what he wanted.
With a sad sigh, Dean closed his eyes and grasped Castiel’s hands in his, taking in their warmth. “Thank you, Cas,” he looked at Cas then, “for this night. It may have not been anything special but it was for me. I’ve never shared this much of myself with anyone except for my brother and it means a lot.” He internally yelled at himself for letting a tear drop. Now he not only was a selfish jerk but a stupid teenager, having no control over his stupid feelings. “You’re amazing, Cas. Don’t ever change.”
Jimmy silently watched as Dean shrugged his shoulders slightly, averting his eyes from Cas’ gaze and mumbling, “Don’t think I’m good or pretty enough for you…”
WARNING: consensual somnophilia, sex toys, spreader bars, enemas, butt plugs/nozzles, urethral play, sounding, urethral rods, shibari, bondage, full-body harness
Castiel watched as the blonde’s cheeks turned even redder and how the tips of his ears tinted pink, and decided that Dean had struggled enough for now. Leaning forward on his arms and half above Dean, Cas made sure to catch those stunning green eyes with his own and held them, saying, “I like you, too,” with a smile widening his lips before bending down and capturing Dean’s mouth in a powerful kiss. The blonde’s lips were heavenly and Cas found himself getting lost in the feel of them against his own once more until they broke apart to breathe. But he hadn't quite gotten enough yet, so Castiel trailed down open-mouthed kisses along the bend of Dean’s neck, traveling to the softer parts of it until his lips reached Dean’s Adam’s apple and licked softly across the slightly salty skin, at which he could feel the blonde’s joyful rumbles coming from his throat. Grinning, Cas mumbled against Dean’s skin, “I swear that, if you were a cat, you'd purr all day and I would gladly spend every minute making you do those lovely sounds for me.”
“We drank together and talked for a while at the party until he asked me to dance and then we kissed and after that, I just wanted to have him in my bed, all for myself.”
“I…” Dean scrubbed a hand down his face and let out a shaky breath, “I may have… slept with Cas last night.” There it was. The rejection, the pain of liking someone you can’t have. Jimmy closed his eyes to keep himself from bombarding Dean with questions as to why he chose Cas and not him, but then the blonde went on, “I don’t regret doing it.” It was like Dean had stabbed a knife into his gut and was twisting it to prolong the pain unnecessarily. “But I feel terrible about the fact that we did it without you knowing about it. Because I like you, Jimmy. Very much. I don’t wanna betray you.”
“No,” he shook his head at that and smiled softly, “Feels good against my skin if you’re not.” And it was true. Where he preferred to have a clean-shaven pubic area as well as armpits, he liked that Jimmy and Cas only trimmed their hair because it felt really good during sex when it rubbed against his sensitive thighs or scrotum. And just like him, they didn’t have visible chest hair, which he was truly thankful for because he found that pretty unattractive.
And it hurt. Well, he knew that it would hurt – it was still not the first time after all – but with all the sex he had already had before and his already tired and fucked-out muscles, it was literally a pain in the ass. Tears had welled up in his eyes from the sting during the process, but Dean ignored them as much as he had ignored his embarrassing whimpers throughout it all. He was thankful that Cas was still letting him adjust to it because his ass was still clenching and unclenching around them as if his body was trying to take in their size and shape.
All Castiel could do after hearing that was stare at him with understanding and amazement and what else. He thought he must have looked stupid.
It was a blessing, truly, having Dean for themselves like this – spread out comfortably and completely bare. Cas always loved when Dean gave himself over to them as a Sub, but this was a wonderful feeling as well. It was something they haven’t done before and it required new trust. But it wasn’t just this fact which made this so beautiful to him, Cas also admired Dean’s excitement for something small like a massage.
Their boyfriend’s eyes widened a fraction upon hearing it and Cas smiled faintly, pressing a soft kiss to his lips.
, which didn’t mean that sometimes, Dean couldn't still be a bit of brat during play sessions – or a lot, actually – but Jimmy and Cas knew that his need to please them prevented him from outright disobeying a direct order, and they also knew that he technically hadn’t broken a rule nor disobeyed any of his orders for today just now. But Dean was well aware of the fact that Cas liked to be talked to with a certain amount of respect when he was his Dom and that both Jimmy and Castiel hated when he used degrading words to describe himself. And they especially despised when he called himself a sex slave because that was not what he was to them – and Dean knew that, of course – he also didn’t feel like they treated him like one or felt like it generally. That wasn’t their dynamic after all but Dean still had his fun irking them with it, at least to a certain extent and not further.
“Really? You’d wear it to work and in public for us?” His voice was breathy and low and Cas tried to quell his excitement but it was hard.
On the other end, Jimmy grasped Dean’s sides slightly, almost tickling him, and pressed his lips into the line between his ribs, just underneath his pectorals.
“What do you mean? Unprotected sex?”
“Don’t have too much fun, though,” Jimmy cut in, smirking lopsidedly at their boyfriend, even when he turned an exasperated expression at him and rolled his eyes, an amused smile playing on his lips.
selfish to take him all for himself while he was the last person on earth worthy of him. How could he deny people with those qualities a person like Cas?
He’s been tossing and turning in his bed for hours now, sleep just wouldn’t come. The apartment was quiet, Jessica had gone home for the night and Sam was asleep. The only thing Dean heard were some cars driving by time and time again.
“No, Castiel.”
Charlie and Sam had clicked immediately and started geeking out about everything and nothing as soon as their asses hit the couch and a drink was in their hands. After only one night knowing each other, Sam and Red had already developed their own inside jokes and were teasing each and everyone at the party, and Jessica had been just as happy to join them. The two of them had won the game of
Still, it didn’t reach Dean’s pleasure spot, so Cas retracted a hand from his ass to stick his fingers into his mouth and get them all slick and wet with saliva. Then, he pushed his tongue back inside and started to ease in one spit-slick digit alongside his pink muscle, feeling around and probing at Dean’s smooth and soft walls, stretching him until he could add another one and another one until he had four fingers plus his tongue inside Dean. His muscles clamped and fluttered pleasingly around his embedded fingers, driving Castiel’s increasing desire to bury his throbbing cock inside and claim him until Dean screamed.
After all, it wasn’t every day that Dean got to tease Cas like this, so he made sure it felt as good for Cas as possible and watched him shiver and squirm in his seat. It was a nice change for once and seeing Cas so turned on was so hot, that Dean wanted to see him come in his pants at all costs. His Dom’s self-restraint had up until now been absolutely remarkable and Dean wanted to test how fast he could get the man to come into his pants, so he intensified his rubbing while sliding a hand into his panties and palming his own cock, stroking it leisurely and feeling the heat coil tighter in his lower abdomen. When he rolled his heel particularly deep and slow into his boyfriend’s crotch, massaging his hard dick, Cas let out a long groan as his body visibly jerked, and seconds later, Dean felt a rush of warm wetness against his foot as Cas came right into his pants, firm hands still massaging Dean’s foot into it.
Cas’ thoughts got all mixed up and Jimmy needed to help his twin find back to reality, so he grabbed his wrists and held them tight when he said, “Castiel, listen to me. You did
He took Dean to a place he had been to a lot before. Jimmy really liked the atmosphere there and it was never as crowded as the fancier places so he could enjoy his coffee or meal. Besides, it was right around the corner of his apartment so he usually went there on weekends in the morning to get himself some breakfast, and then he would go to the roadhouse to eat dinner or just order take-out because he was not at all good at making his own dinner and his fridge was only filled with beer and stuff that didn’t make a full meal. Jimmy had to admit that he was a terrible cook, Cas on the other hand, always liked to prepare nice meals and they were tasty every time, though a bit too healthy for Jimmy’s liking.
With a wide and happy grin breaking out across his face, Castiel looked at Jimmy and saw an equally pleased and excited expression, his eyes glinting with happiness. “God, you’re the best, Dean,” Cas breathed out. This meant so much to him. No one had ever been as important to him as Dean and that gesture showed him just how reciprocated their feelings were. It said more than words could.
Dean seemed to know exactly what he was thinking about and a rosy shade tinted his cheeks as he shifted under the scrutiny. “See something you like?”
In front of him stood Dean in all of his six-foot-something glory and he looked handsome, though weary and tense. When he lifted his head to meet Jimmy’s eyes, he could see they were a little red. He didn’t know what to do but stare at Dean in pleasant surprise.
Dean was slowly getting a few kinks out of Jimmy as well, and it also made Cas happy to see his twin come to life like that.
As soon as the person laid their hands on his hips, Dean froze as he realized that it wasn’t one of the twins. When he let go of the cue and straightened his back to turn around and yell at the person to back the fuck off, he was spun around as if he was some sort of lightweight and suddenly standing chest to chest with this complete stranger. He opened his mouth to tell the tall guy exactly what he thought about this little assault, but when his gaze landed on the guy’s eyes, he froze completely.
Once they both calmed down, Jimmy pulled out carefully and helped him stretch his legs out again, and Dean moaned at the freeing feeling. He offered him a drink from a new bottle Cas must have brought and Dean took a few sips before falling back into the mattress, his body heavy with exhaustion.
“Yeah, a lot of people assume that, because we’re twins, we have to be the exact same. Like the same stuff, wear the same stuff, do the same stuff… But we’re truly not. We are two very different individuals with different orientations and lifestyles, although there are a lot of things we have in common, too.”
When Dean was done, he let go of his cock and placed a tender kiss on it, and Jimmy couldn’t help himself. He grasped Dean’s face with his hands before he could sit back straight and pulled it into his own, smashing their lips together in a heated kiss that got sweeter with each passing slide of their tongues. Breaking the kiss to breathe again, Jimmy placed one more kiss to his mouth before letting him go and watching him straighten his back and leaning into Cas’ touch when the Dom wrapped his huge palms around his hips, fingers stroking the soft skin of his groin.
Hearing their boyfriend talk about their shared future was the most wonderful thing, and the fact that Dean was not only looking forward to it but making plans for it, made Castiel's heart swell painfully behind his ribs.
“Thank you. It was really nice to spend time with you, Jimmy.” His freckles stood out with the sunlight falling on his face and he looked stunning.
“Well, what do you think? I’ll continue to get new tattoos, of course.”
Believe it or not, the guy had the guts to try yet another kiss with Dean, but this time he was mad enough to shove Michael away so hard, that he stumbled over the threshold. And this was the point where Dean went wrong. Because, instead of giving another punch right after the first one when Michael was still stunned and unprepared for it, he reached for the door again, wanting to slam it into his face, but before he could, a large and strong hand locked around his wrist as Michael rumbled, “No, you don’t get it!”
Dean took a step back again and chuckled beautifully, saying, “Not like we don’t see each other every other week.”
“He’s been very important to me, yes.”
Before he made a move, Castiel took in Dean’s face and got lost in his eyes for a moment until the blonde squeezed his ass once with his feet and he was brought back to reality. He went so incredibly slow as he pressed forward and sunk inside Dean, savoring every inch. It was unbelievably tight and hot and there was a hint of pressure at first, but after Dean relaxed his body and stopped pushing his feet into Cas’ buttocks, the head of Castiel’s cock popped past Dean’s rim and he suddenly let go of the breath he didn’t know he’d been holding in. The blonde held back a moan at the sensation and Cas whispered, “Please, don’t do that.” His voice was low and hoarse and he sounded so absolutely wrecked, that even he didn’t recognize it himself.
“It feels fucking fantastic. I swear, if there’s more to come, I’ll be like jello in your hands, all gooey and giddy…” Dean’s words were slightly slurred and muffled by the pillow but they were able to understand what he was saying just fine and it placed a big, pleased smile on their faces.
Castiel whispered the next time he talked as if trying not to destroy the quiet. “I thought, maybe, we could talk.”
“Fuck,” Dean cursed, grounding down on Jimmy extra hard and letting out a moan.
“To waste even more water than we already have t’night?” Dean asked jokingly, though he was right. “Nah, I’m good.” He looked at them with a smirk and said, “‘sides, we don’t have anything to clean up since Jimmy did a good job at that, right?”
He couldn’t help but frown slightly, already thinking about the filthiest fantasy currently playing in his mind. When he chanced a glance at Cas, he saw soft curiosity in his expression, even though he was probably trying to play it down by continuing to trace patterns into Dean’s belly absentmindedly. Both their gazes were on him and he swallowed once, thinking harder.
lost the love of his life.
Lifting his gaze, Dean shrugged. “Nah, I thought you could recommend something.” There was a playful smile gracing his lips and Castiel nodded.
. Every sensation felt heightened, he was so hot and hard, that it hurt and he was so far into subspace, that it felt like an out-of-body experience when Jimmy took his cock into his mouth again and stroked him fast to bring him to finally orgasm. It hit him so hard, that his legs gave out, his sobbing intensified, and his body went completely boneless in only a matter of seconds.
Before Dean could start to feel bad about it, Cas sat down on the bed and stretched out his legs, laying down on his back while never breaking eye contact. Then he lifted his hands and moved his finger at Dean in a ‘come hither’ gesture and Jimmy smiled when their boyfriend practically jumped to comply. Dean was so eager, that he started to climb Cas’ lap and sit down in it but Castiel stopped him halfway with his hands on his waist and said, “I want you in the same position as you’ve previously been in, but I want your face in my lap, not your ass.”
Now that even more blood was rushing south, Dean didn’t know what to feel; it was all just too much. He felt extremely hot because he was as hard as possible and aroused as fuck, but at the same time, he felt like he wanted to retract himself to escape the cold of the ice but still wanted more. His entire cock was pulsing, throbbing with stimulation and everything else happening, and when Jimmy used the melting ice to circle his cockhead along the glans ring and glide it across his slit, he felt himself drooling more pre-cum.
“It’s something that I never had before.”
– it was the main reason – but something about this made sex more thrilling and hotter, but also more important and meaningful. Because it was true; through sex, they showed their love for each other.
This whole time, Cas couldn’t forget about the condom in Dean’s pocket, though, and his thoughts kept going back to it in between conversations. Like now, Dean just finished his meal and took the napkin to wipe his mouth with and Castiel found himself staring at them while his mind provided him with various scenarios where they could make use of the rubber. He had never had such an explicit imagination as he did with Dean and it was starting to get frustrating.
He shoved his tongue into Dean, running it along his teeth and every crevice of his mouth to show him exactly who he belonged to and who had the honor to dominate him like that on a daily basis. The hand wrapped around Dean’s penis slowly loosened its grip and Cas slipped his arm around Dean’s waist, his hand now pressing into the dip of his back to push him against his own body more firmly. But then the blonde was suddenly yanked to the side by his wrist as Jimmy crushed his lips against Dean’s to make sure their boyfriend understood that he was just as much his partner as Castiel was, and Cas had to admit that this was something entirely new.
And while Jimmy was the preserving one, gladly waiting for Dean to finally show his surprise when he wanted to, Castiel was rather impatient and commanding, so it was no surprise when Dean felt a body press up behind him where he still stood at the kitchen island in front of the sink, a soft pair of lips kissing along the column of his neck making his skin break out in goosebumps.
“Mmmh,” Cas hummed with a smirk on his lips, “You’re already open for me. Couldn’t wait for me to be inside you, huh?”
Chuckling, Jimmy answered, “Yeah, I guess when he applied for all those colleges in New York at the other end of the country. He ended up attending one in Cali, though. I was glad about that because I didn’t want to be the only one here with Naomi.”
A few seconds later, they stepped back from Dean to let him take in some air and calm down again, watching his chest rise and fall in heavy breaths. His parted lips were kiss-swollen and glistening with saliva, his face flushed and hair a mess. This look suited him specifically well and Cas had to refrain from leaning in and starting this all over again, but this was already crossing the line of taking it slow, so it would have to do for now.
The blonde laughed shakily. “Hell, I dunno. We’re not doing the extreme stuff, you know. There’s no suspension, nothing like that.”
They went into the bathroom then, after they turned off the TV, Castiel giving Dean a spare toothbrush and constantly sparing glances at the green-eyed when he thought he wouldn’t notice while brushing their teeth and getting ready for bed. This felt way more domestic than it should have, considering they met three times total. But Cas didn’t care at all, led Dean to his bedroom, and smiled brightly when the blonde asked which side was his as he stood there in front of Castiel’s bed and stared at it shyly. Since Cas didn’t really have a side, they ended up in the same position they had been the night they met – Dean spread out on the right side of his bed and Cas pressed against his back with his chest, arms wrapped around Dean’s frame and their legs tangled.
“Yes, but we know how much you appreciate the water, so we had to have a room with a view of it.”
After that, they merely watched the ocean in peaceful quiet, listened to the sounds of waves, and felt the water rush over their feet, which, Jimmy had to admit, started to numb just a little. But he ignored that in favor of enjoying merely standing there with his amazed boyfriend, relishing the moment. And it only just then dawned on him that he was starting something big and great with this man and his brother – that this was only the beginning of something so much more than life had offered him before and he couldn’t wait for it.
Now there’s pain, and grieve, and guilt.
“Yeah,” their boyfriend uttered after a while, “husbands.”
“We’ll plan something that covers a kink from each of us, Dean,” Cas assured, kissing his lips after leaving open-mouthed ones all over his neck and chin.
“Dean!”
“I want a scene tomorrow, Cas,” Dean whispered as he leaned in, nosing along the bolt of his jaw.
With merely the towel wrapped around his waist, Dean left the room and walked past his boyfriends on light feet, receiving a whistle from Jimmy and a fond smile from Cas, which wasn’t as innocent as it seemed once he saw those hungry eyes that belonged to the face. Smirking, he put some extra swift into his steps and made sure to capture their gazes with his swinging hips because he was
Once the initial shock and the overwhelming sensation of their orgasms were over, Cas thrust up ever so shallowly a few times but stopped as soon as Dean started twitching at the overstimulation. “Are you okay?” Cas asked breathlessly, stroking Dean’s thighs where they were now bracketing his hips.
They had the right shade of blue. So bright; like a clear, deep sea in spring.
Cas had been pretty good at measuring the height so that it was unproblematic to rest between Dean’s legs on his knees, his cock easily guided to Dean’s entrance. The blonde was patient while Castiel entered him, and he seemed to just enjoy every sensation, relish everything that he could, and even after Cas had bottomed out completely and given Dean some time to adjust to the hard length filling him up, he didn’t squirm or cant his hips to get him to move. And he also didn’t say anything like “move, Cas,” which was totally fascinating.
Dean hummed once, grinning to himself, and said, “Yeah… he told me about his first tattoo and that it was a rebellious phase.” Castiel chuckled and watched as Dean turned around to face him fully, crossing his legs on the cushion. “And he told me about that Christmas dinner you flat out told your mom you were a Dom.”
“He can’t be dead! He can’t be!” He still feels Dean’s touch, his breath ghosting across his skin, causing goosebumps on his body. Castiel still feels the brush of Dean’s lips against his own, his warm body pressed tightly to his. And he still feels safe just thinking about it, while at the same time those memories are breaking him apart.
Dean’s eyes dropped down to his hands and Jimmy followed his gaze, looking at the gauze wrapped around his knuckles. It was still wet from the shower and some spots were a little red from blood coming through. “I just want to let you know that it had a reason.”
“You already know where I live so I’m just gonna skip this and ask why you never made it out of Kansas? I mean, is something holding you there?”
“God, yes.” Dean swallowed and met Jimmy’s eyes. “Three days without this. Never again…” He went back to devouring his burger again and Jimmy wished he could devour Dean right then. This man was just perfect. How could anyone look that hot while eating a greasy burger? He’d have Dean shoved against a wall in the alley by now if it wasn’t for Cas. Why did he get to meet him first?
“Please, believe me, I didn’t want this to happen…”
As Dean started to part from the kiss, Cas tried to chase after his lips and made Dean chuckle, rasping, “Do you want to take off the rope now?” in a breathless voice.
He moaned loudly, the sound muffled by Jimmy’s insistent lips, just as Castiel began to rumble, “You were amazing up there. So beautiful and good. God, I love you so much, Dean. You’re everything.”
Fondling the soft skin of his tummy, Castiel asked, “What’s your color, Dean?”
Now it was Jessica’s turn to say what was on her mind and she said, “I heard that, just like Dean, you were bisexual, Jimmy. It’s fascinating to see just how different you two are from another.”
He was ripped out of his thoughts when someone splashed water against his chest and Jimmy grinned brightly when he lowered his head to look at Dean. He was hanging on to the end of the dock, his arms crossed between Jimmy’s open legs, and smiled cockily up at him. Water was dripping down his wet hair and into his eyes, and Jimmy had never been caught this breathless at merely looking at someone. “Whatcha doing there, sugar?” he asked teasingly, “Getting bored already? I say jump in as well, it’s not as cold as it seems.”
Once they calmed down again, Castiel helped him get up from Jimmy and guided him into a comfortable position on the bed, starting to untie his arms immediately while praising him, telling him how good and beautiful he was and that he was his obedient and perfect Sub. Jimmy appeared at his side with a glass of juice and a granola bar, which he gave to Dean one after another, while Cas kept unwrapping the silk from around his arms. As soon as the rope was gone, he started to massage the skin, tracing lines of indentation from the rope on his skin and pressing kisses into it.
Chewing on his berries, Jimmy watched as Dean searched for the remote with his free hand and turned up the volume once he found it. He only realized then that Scooby-Doo was on TV right now and he was surprised that it was still so early. With his mouth still half-full, Jimmy mumbled, “Haven’t seen that show in almost a decade.”
It took a while for Dean to register but he managed to shake his head.
They shared a very long moment of silence like this until Dean broke it by reminding him, “You didn’t tell us what your fantasy is…” and playfully poking a finger into his chest in a challenging way.
Dean laughed and grabbed the menu, tugging at his shirt with the other hand. “I wear a tee under that.”
The blonde turned to look at him with wide and amused eyes, a smirk playing on his mouth as he teased, “You call me baby? When?”
Dean smirked triumphantly at Castiel as he saw how successful he was at turning him on and Cas didn’t know if he should be punishing Dean later for his brashness and being this bratty or praise him for always managing to get Castiel aroused no matter when or where…
For a man as tall as him, Dean was both wonderfully agile and light as his ass rocked back and forth against Castiel’s thighs before slowly graduating upwards while grounding his hips against him in rhythm with the song.
Wrapping his arm around Dean’s shoulder to press him against his side with a hand on the small of his back, Castiel buried his face in his boyfriend’s hair and inhaled deeply, taking in the smell of artificial apples from their shampoo and Dean’s very own, very unique scent. He mumbled a greeting against his scalp and could feel the responding smile against his skin as Dean chuckled slightly. Behind him, Jimmy rouse as well, turning onto his side to stare at them with a grin. “Morning,” he whispered, leaning into Dean to press a kiss against his spine and stroking his hand down their boyfriend’s side. With his eyebrows slightly raised, Jimmy mumbled, “It’s your turn today, Cas,” before giving Dean a playful slap on his boxer brief-clad ass and smirking at the responding gasp from him.
Dean wished he could slap and punch that ugly smile right off that motherfucker‘s face, but there was something way more important to ask, and he stuttered, “Ho-how do you know all that?”
The grin on their boyfriend’s lips faltered for a second as confusion crossed his handsome features. “So…?”
“I like it because your place tells me that you live in it.”
“Yes.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean leaned back against the cushion and smiled sheepishly.
Castiel was well aware that a perineal massage could get Dean to come just as easily – it wouldn’t be the first time – because it meant stimulating the prostate externally and Dean was an overall sensitive man who could be stimulated very fast, which was also the reason why Cas would sometimes be a little reluctant to try hard impact toys on him because he didn’t want to overwhelm or hurt his boyfriend. But Jimmy wanted to get him so close to orgasming, that Dean saw stars before stopping and slowing down again in order to achieve an extensive, powerful full body orgasm. And Cas was totally on board with that. So, it wasn’t at all a surprise that, when Dean’s breathing got erratic, Jimmy just stopped. Castiel knew for sure that every inch Dean’s body was buzzing right now and had been taken over by that intense warm-fuzzy feeling leading up to an orgasm, and he chuckled as the green-eyed mumbled curses in his daze at having been kept from tipping over the edge.
He had to scramble backward on his knees to uncover Dean’s lower body entirely, and when he dropped the fabric once Dean was laying bare in front of him, Jimmy found his breath hitching at the sight of such beauty this close to him. The blonde was wearing nothing but navy blue, satiny silk French knickers that even had a little bow in the same color in the front and he looked so unbelievably sexy, that Jimmy had a hard time breathing. His cock was now at full mast and all he wanted to do right now was to touch and taste and make Dean his own.
Cas permitted him a minute to calm down until he turned to face Dean, making him meet his eyes before asking, “Do you see it now?”
He’d always had sensitive nipples but right now, they were fucking insane and even the slightest bit of friction or a freaking ghost of breath would have been enough to have him leaking pre-cum like a tap if he wasn’t stuffed. The stimulation was like a freaking lightning rod of arousal straight to his cock and he let out a strangled moan that he tried to swallow as quickly as it came out. And either Cas didn’t hear or let it slip this time, but he moved on to the other side to repeat the same treatment with this nipple. Dean managed to keep still until Castiel sunk his teeth deep enough into the skin of his areola to leave behind bruises and sucked hard on his nipple as if trying to coax milk out of it. His hips bucked up automatically and he wailed as hot pleasure and pain rushed through his entire body and set his skin on fire.
“‘Kay.”
His brother let go of a breath he’d been secretly holding and nodded, saying, “It’s not that I think Cas and Jimmy are bad people, it’s just… sometimes, I don’t really understand what it is you do even with Jess telling me about it and I can’t help it.”
“Can you blame us?” Cas asked innocently, giving Dean a wide grin, “You look truly luscious all gloriously naked.”
His head started nodding before his mind decided that this was going to be his reaction and words spilled out of his mouth, things like “Yes, love it. Love you,” and “more, deeper, love you,” and “let me be good for you,” and in his head, they sounded pretty clear when they were probably just slurred snippets of sentences in reality. Maybe he hadn’t even said them out loud at all…
“H-how do you want me, Castiel?” Dean asked, his voice thick with anticipation of what was to come.
before but since it’s a gift from Gabe, I assume that it’s something sweet, maybe liqueur…”
“Did you mean it?” His voice comes out quiet and gravely, and he has his eyes trained on his hands in his lap, fiddling with some loose strands of his trousers. Castiel doesn’t have to ask what he was talking about, he just knows.
“Do you sometimes just…” Dean began, and Cas almost startled at being reminded of his surroundings, only now realizing how deeply ingrained in his thoughts he had become. He looked at him, waiting for him to go on patiently while stroking his knee with his free hand through the thick blanket. Shaking his head slightly, Dean first looked at Jimmy, then Cas, setting down his mug between his legs once more, and continued, “I dunno… just wake up and think this was all just a damn nice dream? Like no way your life is truly this good right now and you’re convinced it isn’t real?”
to keep his mind off the fact that Jimmy was taking his little game of footsie under the table a bit further than appropriate. The cold liquid felt refreshing as it made its way down his throat while Jimmy slid his foot up his calf and further, but Dean nearly choked on it when Cas suddenly leaned into his personal space and whispered, “And how does your ass feel, sweetheart?”
He slung his arms around his lover’s middle and pulled him back against his body, kissing the skin of his neck that wasn't covered by the collar. Dean turned his head and looked at him. “You don’t have to, y’know.”
Jimmy’s smile was so wide, that his cheeks hurt but he didn’t mind. “How about we take that nap now?”
The first thing Dean registered was warmth. All around him. But especially behind his back and he subconsciously pressed back against that warmth. He also had the feeling that he was grinning, though he wasn’t sure since sleep still had him under its claws, trying to pull him under, but awareness slowly started to form and Dean felt…
They gave Dean a moment to come back to himself and Jimmy crouched next to Cas, though further away from Dean than his twin to not crowd him too much. “Talk to us?”
“Sometimes,” Dean breathed out, his skin breaking out into goosebumps as Castiel trailed his fingers down the inside of his arm teasingly, stopping when he reached the level of the waistband of his pants. “I've worn them for a few Doms, too.”
But after Castiel had taken some steadying breaths, he started to gently guide Dean’s body away with his grip on his thigh before moving him back into his body, smoothly and carefully swinging him in the air to impale him on his cock again and again.
Struggling to take all this information in but starting to understand, Sam let out a long breath and nodded. “Okay, I think I get it.” He ran a hand through his hair and imagined Dean being sliced open with a knife just because it turned him on and a shiver went through his body. “What… what is Dean into?”
Then Jimmy turned towards him and asked, “What did I miss?”
It was only once they were all for themselves again that Sam spoke, “Did John know?” His question came so out of the blue, that it left Dean blinking at him in question, so he added, “That you were bi? I mean, did… did he ever catch you with a guy?”
For a moment, they lingered like that, merely sitting there in silence and listening to Cas opening the fridge in the kitchen until Dean moved his hips just slightly to draw Jimmy’s focus on him with a small smile gracing his lips. “How about that shower?”
Chuckling, Dean shook his head and said, “Not before I take a shower,” which made Jimmy look at him sharply. “If you’ll let me, that is,” Dean added as he took in his expression.
“I get it, man,” Dean chimed in, looking at them over his shoulder, “the thing about a guy coming into a lingerie store and buying some sweet panties is that fucking no one thinks they’re for me. Hell, all these women at the register telling me that my girlfriend is surely going to be pleasantly surprised about this gift or asking if I didn’t want to get the whole set with the fitting bra because ‘she’d definitely appreciate that’ with this flirtatious wink at the end of the sentence… I sure had my fun just playing along with them.”
To his surprise, Dean’s eyes weren’t even red, which was a good sign and told him that he hadn’t cried last night, at least not continuously. And it gave him enough strength to breathe out, “Okay, thank you,” before collecting himself and stroking Dean’s arm soothingly in a selfish act of comforting himself. “I know you don’t always like to talk about how you’re feeling and that’s alright, Dean.” He took a short pause to dig a little into his inner Dom, needing some of its control and rationality, and said, “What I’m going to do now is ask all the questions that are at the forefront of my mind. Maybe Jimmy has some questions of his own that he wants to ask,” Cas took a quick glance at his twin and saw him nod, then continued, “and I want you to only answer the questions that you’re ready to answer. The ones that you don’t want to talk about, don’t have to be answered. Okay?”
“You’ll get it,” Cas assured, not letting go of Dean’s face.
Then, he bent over his boyfriend’s back and started placing wet and open-mouthed kisses along his spine, and his skin was so wonderfully warm under Castiel’s mouth, that he found it difficult to detach himself, preferring instead to drag and brush his lips and tongue along whatever skin he could reach.
He smiled faintly and nodded. “Thank you.”
dignity, the waitress finally returned with their plates and placed them in front of their seats, probably smiling politely and most certainly unaware of what was going on underneath the table. Of course, even with the waitress around, Jimmy and Cas didn’t back off with their ministrations on him, if anything, they seemed to even intensify their touches while thanking her politely as if they weren’t currently turning Dean’s mind into mush. Only once she’d departed did they back off and turn to their plates, smiling at Dean and telling him to enjoy his food while going about their meal like any other person in this restaurant having a nice, innocent meal.
So, with a playful smirk, Dean jimmied out of his sweats while wiggling his hips and presented his satin clad crotch to his boyfriends. Next thing he knew, there was a low growl and Dean was on his back, laying on the bed with Jimmy gripping his hips and eyes roaming his body like he was some piece of meat. Then, he grabbed the hem of Dean’s shirt and almost yanked it off of him, baring his skin for his hungry gaze and running his hands all over his body. Smiling, Dean closed his eyes and parted his lips in a long exhale. “Fuck, Dean, do you have any idea how hot you look in them? I want myself all over you, I want to take you and show you who you belong to.”
And while Dean stayed in bed, cuddled comfortably into the covers, Jimmy collected the clothes he’d be wearing today and listened to the sound of water running as Cas took a quick shower. Once his twin was out, Jimmy jumped into the shower to freshen himself up as well and only took a handful of minutes before he was out again, drying his body and walking naked back into the bedroom to take on his clothes. He smiled when he saw that Dean was watching them intently, a small grin still gracing his lips as his eyes roamed their bodies, and Jimmy had to admit that he quite enjoyed this attention given to him. He was even sure that he could feel Dean’s eyes raking over his body as he pulled on his jeans and was pretty certain that that was because Dean was taking in his tattoos again, which he loved to do. It was so sweet that, after all this time together, Dean still seemed to be breath taken every time he took in those wings on his shoulders and back, and it never failed to make Jimmy smile and preen internally.
And just as he made a move to take a step into Dean’s direction, a pair of arms from a person in the crowd locked around his chest and pulled him back, yanking him close by the collar of his shirt and growling, “Try that and you’ll lose a hand,” into his face. Before Michael could’ve even responded, a fist came flying to his face, the knuckles connecting loudly with his nose, which started bleeding mere seconds after that.
“No, I’m fine,” Dean confirmed, the three of them falling into silence again after that.
“In public?”
He wasn’t able to refrain from roaming his hands all over his body any longer and when he did exactly that, he watched as the hairs on Dean’s body stood on end and his lips parted just slightly. His body was so wonderfully warm with sleep and the remains of his fever and Jimmy didn’t know if he would ever be able to stop touching Dean again.
“No…” Dean interrupted, taking another few steps back until he was almost in the corner of the room and no longer in the center of it. He shook his head vigorously, shock and disbelief but also denial making him feel so sick, that he thought he’d throw up for real now.
Dean closed his eyes as he chewed and it was all the invitation Jimmy needed to stare at him. He could see Dean savoring his burger and as he swallowed, his Adam’s apple bobbed, when he took another generous bite, his eyelids fluttered and another tiny moan that only they could hear escaped his throat. Heat was pooling low in Jimmy’s gut now and he felt his pants growing tighter as the sight in front of him did nothing to tame down his excitement. He was glad they were sitting so that the table hid his crotch from Dean’s eyes. The blush, though, Jimmy couldn’t hide.
he was so stupid.
Michael, right, Dean?” Castiel repeated, his voice insistent as he looked at Dean with horrified eyes.
Dean’s hands moved rapidly to his fly, fingers nimble and deft as he started undoing his belt buckle, button, and zipper, and Jimmy sighed as the pressure in his pants loosened. Once they were opened, Dean gripped Jimmy’s waistband with a playful grin and tugged it slowly down his thighs before his underwear followed, pulling it down just enough to free his hardening cock and get it out right there in the stall of this fancy restaurant like there was nothing more he would rather be doing.
He was glad when Jimmy interrupted his thoughts by asking softly, “Have you two talked about the BDSM situation? Except allowing Dean to continue seeing Michael?” – probably letting the first thing in his mind fall from his lips, his words slightly muffled as he spoke them against Dean’s skin.
He was about to crawl off of Jimmy and Cas interrupted him, holding out a hand to stop him from moving. “No, I only need you. Just the way you are right now. Stay like that, if it’s comfortable for you both.”
He pulled Dean’s legs close to his chest so that he was almost folding him in half and positioned himself over his submissive, resting on his hands and stretching out his legs. Their position was almost like the missionary one but Cas loved bending Dean however he pleased, so he grabbed his boyfriend’s leg to carefully place it on his shoulder, repeating that with the other side and sliding in further. Dean was now truly folded in half with his claves resting easily on his shoulders on either side of his neck, arms still spread and hands tied to the anchor points. His face was turned towards Castiel’s, which was hovering only inches above his, and he wished he could see those eyes and get lost in them the way he always did.
“Amelia,” Cas answered for him and they laughed. “She was crazy. You liked her?”
And this was exactly what they did; grabbed their body lotion and shampoo and washed themselves before finally turning off the water and stepping out of the shower to towel their bodies dry. Once that was done, Dean told them he would be waiting in bed while Jimmy and Cas took care of locking up their front door downstairs and picking up all their clothes to put into the laundry basket before joining Dean in the bedroom.
And just like that, Cas grabbed Dean’s hand and helped him get to his feet again, using his grip on him to tug him towards the stairs and guide him into their bathroom. Jimmy had half a mind to turn off the TV before he hurried to follow after them, and once he was inside the bathroom and closed the door behind him, he pulled down his pants and joined them in the already running shower.
on her.”
There was a short pause but Dean could feel Cas’ body heat above him and the mattress was still dipped where he sat, and when nothing happened, he thought that they were going back to keeping him guessing until his cock was suddenly enveloped in hot wetness as Castiel started sucking him hard, and more pre-cum dripped down his length that Cas was fast to gather with his tongue. He kept hollowing his cheeks, bobbing his head while sliding and pressing his tongue against his shaft, and Dean clenched his hands so hard to keep from thrusting his hips and moaning, that his nails nearly broke the skin. When he was about to come down Cas’ throat, though, the Dom retracted and left Dean spinning with pleasure and extremely frustrated at having been deprived of his orgasm like that.
But still, he was so goddamn exhausted and his bones felt heavy and he had to tell Cas the truth, he owed him this much, so he whispered, “Yellow, Castiel.”
They chuckled at that and leaned in to kiss each side of Dean’s face, making him smile happily. “Thank you for tonight, Dean. I won’t ever forget that,” Cas said once their eyes were locked together again.
It was just too mesmerizing to watch the shiny steel dip into his widened urethra, how pre-cum leaked out of it despite it being stuffed, how the rod disappeared into his penis. But the thing that had always done it for Castiel was how the skin of the underside of his cock thinned and bulged slightly where the sound was sliding deeper down his slit, the vein there throbbing. Just the fact that Cas could see how deep inside it was, was enough to make him want to sob with desire and he didn’t know if he should continue to admire Dean’s beautiful cock or release himself.
“Wow indeed,” Dean hummed, biting his bottom lip in that sheepish way of his before taking a step back and saying, “I’m gonna take that shower now.”
There was no answer at first and Dean thought he did something to piss Cas off, but then there were three messages at once and he chuckled.
Cas smiled broadly, reaching a hand out for Dean’s body, and as if understanding what Cas wanted from him, Dean took a tentative step towards him so that he could place his hand on his hip and pull him closer. “I thought you’d like it. Why? Don’t you?”
After a while, he noticed that he had been more than just openly staring and realized that his lips were parted, so Castiel closed his mouth and collected himself before he could do something embarrassing like start to drool. He righted his bow-tie and cleared his throat, then smiled friendly and said, “Hello, my name is Castiel.”
So, this evening, the three of them hunkered down on the couch, snuggling together in front of the TV, and read. Well, Jimmy was watching TV and Cas was reading while Dean was snoozing partly on his chest, making him smile whenever the blonde adjusted at Cas’ side to recline in a more comfortable position. It was so domestic, so peaceful… something that Castiel never even dared to dream he would have. And while he was reading, he gently ran his fingers through the hair at Dean’s nape that was still damp after the shower they had taken together.
There was a beat of silence where Sam tried to collect himself, before it was broken by her, saying, “How about we prepare lunch and then get Dean to join us?”
Placing a soothing hand on Dean’s knee, Jimmy assured, “If this is going to be too much for you, then that’s okay, Dean. Or if you should decide to give this a try and after some time, you figure out that this isn’t something you’d wanna try any further, then that would be alright as well. Even if you’d want to try both options, Cas and I would go with it.”
With a chuckle, Cas mused, “It’s a shame that you despise surprises like that, Dean.”
His entire body was a wash of sensation and building tension, and he couldn't begin to focus on any one part because it was all just too much. The aches in his muscles were being replaced with desire and arousal, and even though Dean was enjoying himself, he realized in the back of his mind that he was crying, everything inside him screaming at him to fucking
“How is he?” was the first thing Sam asked after he put the groceries down and took off his jacket. He looked at Jessica with uncertainty and there was a nervous smile on his face.
“I’m sorry,” Benny rasped in a calm and gentle voice, running his hands down his face, “You’re right, I’m sorry.” He sighed heavily, meeting Dean’s eyes with concerned ones, “I’m just… I can’t believe he did that. And I didn’t know about it…”
“What would we gossip about you?”
I’m always happy about a kudo if you like it 😊
Chuckling, Dean met his eyes once more and said, “That’s what I call a catastrophe in the kitchen. But,” leaning even closer into Jimmy’s personal space, he whispered, “you make up for that in other fields,” and placed one open-mouthed kiss to the edge of his jaw before withdrawing and grabbing the plates to wave them in front of him, informing, “breakfast’s ready,” and leaving behind a flustered Jimmy.
Locking his eyes onto Dean’s again, Castiel answered, “Don’t play games, Dean.” Then he stepped even closer and leaned forward to brush his lips against his ear, whispering, “There are so many things those hands could do, so many things I’d like to see them do…”
“What?”
Dean just kept talking while his breathing got more and more erratic and Castiel didn’t know what to do. “Dean, it’s okay. We won’t leave you, ever. But please, stop worrying about that.” His thumbs stroked Dean’s skin and Cas’ eyes were worried as he got devastated. “Dean, please, whatever it is, it’s going to be fine. We aren’t going to leave you. Please, just concentrate on your breathing. Try to calm down.”
app on his phone, Jimmy tracked Cas’ location to make sure he didn’t go to the wrong place and his heart started beating even faster when he saw that Castiel was still at home and not at work. His entire life, Cas had never once stayed home and called in sick if it wasn’t something really drastic, so Jimmy had a right to be concerned.
Jimmy smiled brightly and flicked his eyes down to Dean’s lips to see they were parted in a soft smile of his own. And that was all Jimmy needed to lean in and close the distance between their mouths and kiss Dean. He started slow, merely probing lips brushing against Dean’s softly while his hands slowly traveled up his arms, his fingers tracing lines on his skin. But when the blonde let out a shaking breath against his lips, Jimmy gripped Dean by his biceps and pulled him in to devour him in a hot and messy kiss. Their tongues wrestled with each other until Dean let his be subsided by Jimmy’s and he had full access to Dean’s wonderful mouth. He slid in and took everything he needed from Dean which made the green-eyed moan into the kiss and it got so rough, that their teeth clicked together as Jimmy dove in deeper. Dean had his hand buried in Jimmy’s hair, the other pressing Jimmy’s body against his own at the small of his back.
“You mean some smart-ass retorts that are stupid and boring.” Castiel nods and Dean grins. “You know, using air-quotes makes you look like a total dork, by the way.”
Sometimes, it was still hard to believe their luck.
Dean closed his eyes and said, “I’m good, Castiel,” with a gruff voice, making him smile.
“Oh, sure. It’s a pentagram. It’s to remind me of my past and prevent things from repeating themselves.” Smiling, Cas nodded and stroked Dean’s palm tenderly. This felt way more intimate than anything else he had ever done in public, and he had had some public scenes with a Sub in the past…
Dean had asked Castiel to choke him during sex and even though choking and asphyxiation was on their list, it was a soft limit for Cas because he’d only done breath play once and that had been under the watchful eyes of someone trained. He’d been afraid to accidentally hurt Dean, so Cas had refused to do so, too scared to risk causing him pain. But Dean had been insistent and Castiel could see him withdraw into himself, so when Dean had nodded and averted his eyes, the Dom had started to go through all non-verbal safewords again and ordered Jimmy to watch Dean closely.
Before they had taken off to Long Beach, Dean had struggled to pack appropriate clothes and after a few, very frustrating minutes, he had asked for Jessica’s assistance. While she helped him choose his things, Jess had smiled at him incessantly, as if knowing just how nervous Dean was. God, he felt like a teenage boy choosing his clothes for his first party ever or something like that. Ridiculous.
One last check before Jessica clapped her hands together, said, “Done!” and grabbed Dean’s shoulders to turn him around, so that he was facing the mirror of the wardrobe. “So… what do you think?”
Lifting a finger, Sam corrected, “
As Jimmy’s grip in Dean’s hair tightened, Dean pulled off with an obscene pop and smirked, running the long length of his tongue up the underside of his cock to give him some time to calm down. He always did that – not wanting them to shoot their load too soon. And even though this was very familiar, this was still different. So, so different.
An excited smile spread across Dean’s lips and he said, “You gotta tell me about that!”
“We will be preparing everything while you take care of yourself, so take your time,” Cas informed, meeting his eyes before adding, “But don’t take too long.” Once both had kissed his lips one after the other, Dean walked into the bathroom and closed the door behind him to start preparing himself.
His smile turned fond at Dean’s eagerness. “How are you planning on earning that, my love?”
“No, I’m fine. It’s just so exhausting and it takes so long.”
“You pushed him!” he accused, stepping into his twin’s personal space and giving him a shove. “You’ve never gone so far, Cas. You pushed him today!” Castiel merely looked up at him questioningly from where he had been staring at his hands perplexed before, and so Jimmy continued, “We’ve done so many things, some riskier than the others, but he’s never used his safe word. He was hurting today and you tried to push him to use it!” His tone got louder and he was almost yelling at Cas, his eyes stinging with tears once more, and his voice almost broke when he asked, “How could you?! He trusts us and you hurt him!”
Now Sam looked surprised. “Talk? What could’ve possibly gone wrong then?”
Castiel tried to swallow the stab of pain at those words and willed his erection to go away. His priority was to care for Dean at that moment and nothing else mattered, so he assured, “It’s okay, Dean. If you don’t feel it… if you don’t want me like that, I’ll understand.”
Cas pulled out of Dean carefully and scrambled to his knees, gently placing Dean’s legs back down on the mattress and bending down above their boyfriend. Placing a hand against his cheek, he rasped “Dean,” with his voice still rough from his own orgasm.
Jimmy merely nodded and agreed, “capisce,” before leaning in and pecking Dean’s lips, his fingers caressing Dean’s naked side softly.
Behind them, Jimmy leaned in closer and wrapped his arms around Dean, resting his chin on his shoulder to look at Cas and ask, “You sure you want to blindfold him and take those eyes away from us?”
The group started to grab their cutlery and look down on their food with hungry and excited faces, beginning to eat. And even though Jimmy knew that his boyfriend was hungry, Dean turned in his seat, directing a quick glance at Cas, who turned with him to peek at Jimmy over his shoulder, and leaned closer, reaching out a hand to stroke his finger down the length of Jimmy’s arm and ignoring his amazing smelling lasagna. “You still haven’t given me your present…” he drawled suggestively, tracing his finger across his t-shirt-clad bicep teasingly.
“I love you, too,” he whispered, his voice rough and quiet with emotion. And once he said it, he couldn’t stop. “I love you. Both. I love you the same. I love you so much. You are the first ones I ever loved. Ever will. God, I love you…” A tear dropped down to his chest and when he concentrated on them again, he saw that Cas was crying silently and Jimmy’s eyes were glassy with unshed tears. “I love you, only you.”
So he kissed back with everything he had, and soon enough, they found themselves panting for air before Jimmy stepped in and claimed Dean’s lips as well. All three of them started to toe-off their shoes and while they took turns kissing the blonde senseless, they started walking up the stairs and into the bathroom.
…?” Jimmy let his eyes drift from the paper in front of him to Dean and Cas.
When he slapped Dean’s other cheek, the blonde almost yelled, “Yes, Sir!”
Castiel seemed to have noticed as well as he slowed his movements and leaned in to ask, “What’s your color, sweetheart?”
“I like it, it’s what I wanna do but I don’t love it. It’s not what fills me with excitement every time I talk about it and then there’s you who talks about his car with this twinkle in his eyes and so much enthusiasm and love. Or Cas who loves taking care of his Subs, who finds himself in it. You two put everything you have into the things you love… I don’t have that kind of passion inside me. I’ve never even cared enough for someone to go out on dates with before.”
Trying to peek into the oven, Dean explained, “Jimmy told me that you liked to cook a bit healthier.”
Whatever that was about, Castiel found it frightening but also exhilarating because this feeling was entirely new to him. And then his eyes caught Dean, squeezing past the people on his way and crossing the space between them, and he felt like a weight had just been lifted off of his shoulders. He took a steadying breath and extended his hand out towards Dean, who placed it into his own and intertwined their fingers. Castiel’s knees went weak again.
Carefully, Cas pulled out and supported Dean’s weight with his hands, slowly turning him around to look at him. Jimmy put himself back into his pants and stood to walk towards the bed and take in Dean from close. His green, half-lidded eyes were bright and glazed over, his skin flushed and sweaty, and his smile lazy as he blinked up at them sleepily. “How are you feeling, Dean?” Cas asked softly, stroking his arm to keep him with them.
“Thanks, Cas.” He didn’t know how to answer so he just sat on his bed and smiled like a love-sick idiot, but he didn’t have to because, after a while, Dean added, “‘Night, Cas.”
“The best thing I’ve ever done? Walking down that street when you did.” He didn’t dare look at Dean right now because his words meant so much, were so big, he felt like he exposed himself to Dean and it felt good but also frightening. His words were unmistakable and they expressed what he felt for Dean. Jimmy never thought it possible, and even though he had never felt like that before, those feelings were obvious and could only mean one thing: he was in love with Dean.
The last thing he remembered doing was mumbling something like “the funniest” before slumber took him in.
He watches as recognition passes Dean’s features and his eyes start to focus on his again. “Cas.”
“You’ll be getting an extra hard treatment for speaking like that to your Dom,” Cas rasped dangerously low, his eyes dark with lust and a hint of threat, just enough to make Dean shudder with anticipation but not enough to actually scare him. He knew Dean loved when he showed the power he was holding over him just like he did right now. Looking at Jimmy, Castiel chastised, “Such a bratty little boy, kissing his Doms with that filthy mouth. We should teach him a lesson about how to use it correctly, shouldn’t we?”
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, giving them a content and dreamy smile, as if thinking about that scene as well. “Guess we could make Cas’ fantasy come true during our public scene, right? And since you loved taking me here in public, we could cross two things right off the list.”
Dean barely kept the whine from slipping out of him at those words… because didn’t that just sound fucking exhausting? He’d been on this for almost an hour now, fifty minutes of fucking himself open with toys in varying sizes and being on the brink of coming. And just the thought of having to endure four orgasms after this was enough to make him sag with exhaustion. But he had agreed to this scene and he wanted to please his Doms, so he hurried to get a grip on his emotions and took a few more calming breaths, before grabbing his last toy and knee-walking back into the center of the bed where the bottle of lube had been abandoned earlier as Cas returned to his spot in front of the bed next to Jimmy.
When he looked at his twin, he saw that Cas had laid down next to Dean, cuddled close to his body and holding him so intimately and possessively with soft and loving eyes focused on Dean’s face, Jimmy understood now more than ever what Castiel had meant as he talked about needing his Subs to need him. This was the point that he needed the most, the moment during which he felt most like himself. And Jimmy understood. It was so beautiful and pure and he hoped that he would get to have this with Dean for a long time.
And Jimmy did indeed take an extra long shower that night while Castiel was already laying comfortably in bed and snuggled up to Dean. When he emerged from the bathroom to slip underneath the covers as well, even the dim light of the bedside lamp couldn’t hide how flushed his body was.
“He tried to kiss me, nothing bad, but he was insistent and I told him to leave and that I didn’t want him like this. He just didn’t listen and it was my fault anyway,” how Dean always managed to make himself the bad guy and at fault for everything was beyond Jimmy, “I pissed him off and he got mad so he tried again before slamming me against the wall. It wasn’t his fault that I hit my head on the door guard and started bleeding, he even called an ambulance when I blacked out. He tried apologizing in the hospital after I woke up but I told him to leave, that’s why I didn’t answer any of your calls that morning.”
“Yeah?” Dean asked, leaning closer still. His breath fanned out against Jimmy’s chin and his eyes were locked onto Dean’s, though what caught his attention the most was his lover’s semi pressing against his thigh and he couldn’t help but want to ‘lay a claim’ on him as well. “What is it? Something you wanna add?”
“I did. Very much.” It wasn’t a lie because he truly enjoyed the scene tonight, but there were still some things that worried him, besides the state their boyfriend was still in.
He was smiling brightly as the others watched him dice the vegetable in expertise and smooth swivels of his wrist. Next to him, Cas had grabbed a knife as well, preparing the mushrooms for the sticks, while Jess took it upon herself to prepare the pineapple. Sam took care of the cheese and Jimmy washed the salad and berries.
With a smile, Dean turned towards Jimmy once more and asked, “What? You gonna miss my eyes so much?”
“Dean, there are many couples out there where one person likes bondage but the other doesn’t, and they find their compromises. We’ll find one as well if you should not like this. Don’t worry about it, Dean. Okay?” But Dean still looked a bit concerned, so he added, “I find it interesting that it bothers you, since you’re the most experienced man I’ve ever been with, Dean.”
“Sorry, I don’t. Because you just don’t come back from some random hookup looking like
“What are you gonna do now?” He asked, cradling the side of his face in his hand lovingly.
He left the room as naked as he had entered it and went straight to the bedroom, where Dean still sat on the bed in the same position Jimmy had left him in, lifting his chin and turning his head to look at him with big, green eyes. “Are you okay?” he asked as he opened a drawer of his dresser and grabbed boxer shorts and a pair of socks.
Then blue meets green and an intense heat starts to bloom in his gut and all he wants to do is throw his arms around Dean and never let go again. “I do have a wish, Cas.” He waits until Castiel tilts his head faintly, as he always does, and adds: “I wish for you to be inside me.”
Next to them, Jimmy reminded Cas of the time with a soft voice, combing his fingers through the tips of Dean’s hair with affection. They still had forty minutes to take a quick shower, get dressed, and have a quick breakfast, which was their new normal and all the time they needed. After all, they had a good reason to set their alarms thirty minutes earlier than they had before, now that they lived with Dean and could indulge in some pretty energizing and wonderful morning ‘workout.’
Gabe had then started to tell them about Kali and the way he talked about them showed just how much of a goner he was for them. They had ended the call with Gabriel telling them that he was excited to get to know Sam better as a friend nonetheless because he was smart and interesting and Dean had been happy about the fact that he introduced Charlie and Gabe to Sam.
“Used lots of lube,” Dean confirmed with a nod and a wide, cocky grin, that was almost adorably proud.
At first, he didn’t know what he was supposed to like and merely stared at their boyfriend, but then he realized that Dean probably asked about the rope, so he nodded and assured, “I love it. You look stunning in rope, especially this color.” And the way it dug into his soft skin… Yeah, Jimmy was becoming a big fan of bondage on Dean.
“I need words, sweetheart.” Castiel had to know in order to make him feel good. He couldn’t just take Dean without him liking it, that went against everything Castiel stood for. Consent was one of the most important things during sex.
He merely smiled and stared at Dean for a moment, before asking, “So, you had a nice day?”
Carefully, Cas asked, “What are you saying?”
“First of all, I'm doing this because it’s relatively normal to do laundry in a relationship unlike
It was something they both agreed on – if they wanted to give Dean control for once and make this all about him, then he should also choose his way to orgasm. So, of course, if he wanted their cocks, they were happy to oblige. And really, it wasn’t a surprise. Dean had always been their beautiful power bottom and he loved being taken just as much as they loved giving it to him.
That didn’t mean that Jimmy wasn’t sad about the way Dean had gotten here, though. His life could have been so much less painful and cruel, without him having to be Sam’s father and mother figure at once, without him having to carry the weight of parenting and responsibilities as a young boy on his shoulders, without him having to go through things a person should never experience. If it were possible, Jimmy would do anything to give Dean back his missed childhood, missed opportunities, and a father that loved and cared for them. But he couldn’t and those experiences were what formed Dean into the loving and amazing person that he was now. Those things he had to go through led him to this: their own little family.
Smiling, Castiel asked, “Am I allowed to know what you do? As work, I mean.”
And then Jimmy leaned in even closer to flick his filthy tongue around Dean’s stretched rim and he thought he was about to lose his mind. Dean loved any time Cas and Jimmy ate him out and couldn’t ever get enough of it, honestly. But there was just something about the way Jimmy’s tongue filthily licking around his stretched rim, tasting his skin and lube and sweat, that set Dean’s blood on fire. And when Jimmy started mumbling, “So good. Taste so good, our perfect, beautiful Sub,” his mind turned to mush completely. He basked in it, unthinking; all the praise, all the sensation. And he wanted more. More pleasure, more Jimmy, more anything.
, help you change that! Why, for God’s sake, can’t you just accept that we’d love to be the ones to help you get better?! We could make this work. You, Jimmy, and I, no one would be left behind. So what’s your problem here? Help me understand!” He was so close to tugging at his hair and his pulse throbbed with adrenaline.
“I wouldn’t have been able to keep serious if I had been in your situation,” Cas admitted, “I think I would have made a lewd comment and left the store.”
“Once he arrives, we won’t ever have to be apart from him for so long. I can’t wait to hold him in my arms again.”
Placing his feet on the mattress and angling his legs, Jimmy met Dean’s thrusts with slow rolls of his hips into the blonde and he reveled in the feel of Dean’s soft and swollen lips against his own. The green-eyed had sneaked a hand under Jimmy’s neck to cup the back of his head while sliding his tongue into his mouth. Their foreheads were practically glued together where they touched because of all the sweat but Jimmy wasn’t complaining. Not at all. Especially not when he realized that Dean’s breaths came quicker and gradually louder after they parted from their kiss. The blonde was close now and Jimmy wanted more than anything to bring him over the edge, so he grabbed Dean’s neglected cock from where it was leaking an almost steady stream of pre-cum onto his stomach and began to give it languid strokes, making sure to wipe the pad of his thumb over his flushed head at every downstroke. His ministrations matched the rhythm and pace of Dean’s movements, though Jimmy didn’t even comprehend because he was just too enthralled with the sounds the blonde was making for him.
“I missed this,” Dean sighed happily and Cas opened his eyes to gaze at his content smile. They both whispered a responding “me too,” and Castiel almost forgot about his worries, if it hadn’t been for his greedy eyes taking in the blonde’s body and catching sight of two already healed laceration marks on the skin where his fingers were stroking Dean’s lower back. At the sight of physical pain that had been inflicted on their boyfriend, Cas felt anger bubbling up inside him and he knew it was Michael’s doing. Right then, he wanted to spit in the man’s face before punching his face bloody and whipping him just as unskilled as he did Dean. Maybe that was what had Dean down today.
After a while, Jimmy had worked through the list and already crossed out things he could never imagine doing and the two watched him patiently.
As an afterthought, Dean added, “You don’t have to pay, though, it was a gift after all,” and winked at them, smirking cockily, which made Cas and Jimmy laugh heartily.
And while Castiel enjoyed how pliant and dazed Dean could be after a scene, he also loved this; the way their boyfriend subtly stuck out his ass, probably thinking it was a smooth and barely noticeable move, as he craved more even after the exhaustive scene they’ve just had. So, to give Dean what he wordlessly longed for, Cas made sure that his thumbs were still lubed and slid them down into the crease of Dean’s ass, sweeping over his sensitive and open hole and relishing the way his body shuddered at the teasing touch. After doing this a few more times, Cas decided to carefully start massaging Dean’s hole as well, which had him moaning beautifully and his hole fluttering around his thumbs.
Shrugging, Dean said, “Not always, I guess. Sure, if a Dom decides to edge me for hours only to make me come so hard, I practically blackout, it can get pretty intense afterward. But bondage can have the same effect without even a promise for release…”
At the sight of their equally erected members at level with Dean’s mouth, Cas could feel euphoria swamp his senses. Their boyfriend sent a quick look at Jimmy once more, waiting for his nod and turning back towards Castiel while licking his lips in anticipation, and Cas thought his pulse had never been quite as picked up as it was now. All he could do was stare at Dean, who looked up at him from underneath thick lashes, the lust and adoration in his apple green eyes almost too much to handle for Castiel, as the water trailed in rivulets over his flushed skin.
“If… if he’s dead… if Dean’s dead… that means–” a sob wrecks his body and he has to stop. “It means I killed him. It means he’s dead because of me…” Castiel can’t bear the thought, but it’s the truth and it’s killing him. “He died because I was being stupid…”
At that, Castiel’s heart swelled impossibly and he kneeled down in front of Dean’s ass, sliding his hands up both his thighs. “Oh, Dean…” he whispered, gripping the meat of his thighs and placing a kiss to the skin, “thank you, dear.”
The stranger had the audacity to lean his face into his as if waiting to be kissed and Dean had a moment to be furious about that before he felt a presence next to them.
“Come on, I can show you.” Dean stood and extended his hand once more.
It was so,
Before Cas focused his eyes on what his twin was about to do, he let them sweep over Dean’s oily and glistening body. It was so warm from their touch and with arousal and relaxation, that Castiel could feel Dean’s heat radiating from his body and flushing his own skin. He loved that Dean was always so warm and soft and when he placed his hands on the blonde’s hips to keep their bodies connected with a firm touch, Castiel let out a soft sigh at the feel of his warmth, the evidence of life flowing through his veins, and at Dean’s ministrations behind him. Because the blonde was done with his balls and decided to gently grip his hard cock and bend it back towards himself so that he had access to licking the head and sliding his tongue along his slit to taste his pre-cum. Cas couldn’t keep from groaning now.
“Aren’t you staying at your brother’s?” Cas frowned.
He is a Winchester now and a part of the family. And he’s not only a part of it, he feels like it; feels like he’s gone home to the place he always belonged to.
His mind had been running wild all day about the fact that their boyfriend was out there meeting people without them and his annoyingly possessive side had been nagging him to do something to make sure Dean understood he was theirs. And his fingers had been itching to touch the blonde since he had left this morning, which was why this here felt so good – feeling him underneath his fingers.
Jimmy could only hold it back for so long until his laughter just broke free and he had to stop tattooing for a second. “Your grandmother?!”
There was a pause, then,
Without any reason, Dean started to blush anew and he nodded his head, then cleared his throat and poked his fork into the pie to have a forkful of it. And again, as his lips closed around the fork, Dean’s eyes fluttered shut and a moan came out of him as bliss softened his features. Jimmy didn’t understand why it was so stunning, he’d never seen someone enjoy his food this much. Just thinking about what sounds or facial expressions Dean would do while Jimmy had him panting and bared underneath him while rocking into his taut body reminded him of the half-mast problem in his pants.
for better resolution! 😉
The thought of being left in a cock cage for a day turned him on even more and instead of getting back to resume watching the show, he switched off the TV and climbed the stairs, leaving the bedroom door open after entering it. He thought about what to do now since he still had a bit of time until Jimmy would come home and weighed his options; he could either sit around and wait or take a totally unnecessary nap… or he could take care of that semi in his pants and make himself feel good. Castiel’s warning was in the back of his mind, telling him to behave or get punished for disobeying, and the mere thought of getting a spanking or something else – maybe a day in a cock cage – made his dick twitch with anticipation and he made up his mind.
Then, without any preamble, Castiel thrust home in one powerful push, cock sinking all the way deep into his scalding heat, making Dean shudder and his mouth drop open in a loud moan. For a moment, Cas seemed overwhelmed with Dean’s tightness and screwed his eyes closed, taking a few panting breaths while clamping his hands around his boyfriend’s hips in a bruising grip. After a moment, he seemed to have gained enough control to hiss past clenched teeth, “You and me, Dean, pressed together, our bodies interlocked and enjoying each other like this… I’ve never felt anything purer than that. I know how you taste, Dean, I know the weight of you, I–" He interrupted himself as he moaned lowly, his fingers biting into Dean’s skin so much, that they turned white. “
The blonde was still grinning lazily when Castiel leaned down, kissing him softly and whispering, “Let go, Dean. You can let go now. We have you,” with his deep, gravelly voice, gently running a hand through his sandy brown hair.
“Then you know she died of cancer when Dean was just a kid.”
The blonde took a moment to answer and lifted his head after a while, looking at Jimmy and mumbling, “No, Cas’ care after the scene’d really done its job. Now, all I feel, if at all, is a dull ache but no stinging or soreness,” which seemed to reassure Jimmy enough that he nodded and continued to work on Dean’s arms and hands.
Dean let go completely, something he could only do with Castiel and Jimmy. Even though he thought he’d done that with his other Dominants before, this didn’t feel anything like what it felt like with Michael or anyone else. He could
This, combined with spending his Sunday with the best company he could ever wish for, was just what Dean had always longed for in his life; always knew he needed deep down inside but never dared to dream he’d once have.
“Because that’s perfectly fine for spanking, for something that should still be pleasurable, but it doesn’t hurt enough, Jimmy. When I need to be punished, I need the pain. It grounds me and sets my mind at ease. I need it to hurt. I don’t want to feel pleasure, Jimmy, I want to regret what I did and never do it again.”
while taking it all in, throwing his head back into Cas’ lap to groan his pleasure. Each snap of Jimmy’s hips had his head pumping into Castiel, jarring him with every thrust as he chased his orgasm. His rhythm wasn’t slow, but it also wasn’t so fast that all Dean could feel was hit after hit. No, Jimmy knew what felt good, and sometimes, he’d pull out almost all the way and circle his hips before rolling them into Dean, keeping him guessing and stimulated. He also brushed over his prostate every few thrusts and it had Dean leaking pre-cum after a while, moaning lowly and uttering obscenities into the room.
Castiel smirked as he thrust his fingers back inside, three at once, and started tapping his prostate and bumping them in and out of his beautiful hole. He added a fourth one not long after that and when he scissored them inside of Dean often enough to know the blonde was able to take him now, Cas pulled his fingers out and wiped them off on his pants, which he pulled down and took off along with his boxers to be able to move freely.
Sam still didn’t understand what that meant exactly, so he asked, “So this is no ‘master and slave’ or ‘I give you the reigns over my life’ thing? I don’t know how to imagine what you said.”
Dean hummed rather than using real words but Jimmy got the message and nodded. Then, he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to Dean’s inner thigh and rumbled, “Okay,” before pushing his nose into his heated skin and breathing him in. His face was very close to Dean’s genitals and he was waiting for more to happen even with him starting to float, and as it seemed, Jimmy had run out of patience minutes ago.
In the corner of the room, where there was only glass, was another shelf filled with a few books and behind it, a bigger plant called Bird of Paradise, if Jimmy remembered correctly. Next to it was already the sliding door for their roof terrace and when Cas had opened it to show Dean the sunbeds they had bought for it, the blonde had practically been over the moon, not able to stop standing there and looking around in amazement.
This wasn’t only practice for Dean, though, it was also a reward for doing so well during his punishment last night. Yesterday morning, Dean had been feeling the need to be punished and Cas had asked how much of a punishment he wanted, to which Dean had answered that he wanted it hard and unforgiving. And because Castiel took every one of Dean’s needs and wishes very seriously, even if it wasn’t always what Cas wanted for him, he had put on a cock cage – with a urethral plug – on Dean the same morning and said that he’d take control of his bladder for the rest of his punishment, which would only end the night – they had been able to do that because it had thankfully been a Saturday. He had informed Dean that he would decide if he got to relieve his bladder and if he deserved it or not and promised him to give him a cold enema later since he knew that this was a punishment that always worked with Dean.
“How would that be?”
“So beautiful, Dean. So Perfect,” Castiel praised with an expression of wonder all written over his face. Dean’s breathing was slow and controlled, every fiber of his body on high alert. Jimmy could see that he was relying only on Cas now and his twin knew it. He was so rapt up with Dean’s obedience, that for a long moment, he merely stood there with his hands on Dean’s hips and stared.
Now, Castiel was stroking the side of Dean’s face while calling his name softly to pull him back out of subspace when Jimmy entered the room with the water and snacks. He smiled sweetly at them and slowly sat down on the bed, watching Dean’s lids flutter and eyes roll back into his skull every time he managed to open them in his fight to stay with them. But calling Dean’s name after such an intense scene was never enough to pull him back out, so Castiel resorted to the one thing that always worked and clamped his hand down around Dean’s thigh to ground him again. “Dean, baby, come on. You have to take in some nutrients,” Cas rasped, his lips brushing Dean’s cheek as he leaned in to press a kiss into his skin.
to help.
As Sam withdraws, Castiel sniffs once and then the younger Winchester is looking at him with a careful expression.
He nodded again.
“Well…” Dean started, seemingly searching for the right words. “After we visited your friends at that club to talk about dropping, I kinda have the feeling that Jimmy’s genuinely interested in public scenes…” He looked at Jimmy with questioning eyes as if wanting to assure himself that he was right and grinned suggestively once Jimmy gave a tentative nod. “And I know we’ve never truly talked about it, just mentioned it a few times, but I think I’m ready.”
“Gabriel right?” Dean turned to look at Cas, who met his twin’s eyes curiously, waiting for an answer.
WARNING: Whipping (only a dream), hand jobs, full-body massage, (kind of) edging, talking about somnophilia
“Yeah.” Jimmy met Cas’ eyes happily, then focused them on Dean again. “Yeah. Let’s give this a shot. I want it to work.”
to have sex with, out of one. It was a bit difficult for him not to slip into habits but this was exciting and it felt amazing, so he just went with his gut here.
loved once, and I do not doubt that it’ll be a lifelong commitment. So why not secretly call you my husbands, that is, if you want it…”
“You came inside of me, didn’t you?” When Jimmy gave a tentative nod, Dean just hummed and assumed, “And you used my hand to fuck yourself with it, amirite?” Stopping his trail of kisses, Jimmy grinned a bit slyly, teeth sleek against Dean’s neck, who chuckled breathlessly. “That wasn’t hard to guess, y’know…”
Then they had gone about the thing they had actually come there for and started looking for new toys that all three of them liked. Before they had had the chance to even start, though, Gabriel had grabbed Dean and told Cas to give Jimmy the tour since he knew this place so well, telling him to explain one or two things along the way because his twin looked like he’d seen a ghost – Jimmy had been a bit overwhelmed by the range of sex toys in the shop and all the things he had probably never seen before, outside of porn – then guided Dean into his favorite corner of the shop to show him some really nice items for Subs. They had talked a lot, exchanged experiences, and learned about each other’s preferences. Gabriel had told him that he’d been a switch ever since he started and Dean had been genuinely interested in hearing about all the stories he had to tell, saying that he thought it was nice talking to someone who had had experiences as a Sub as well.
