Realize I never really celebrate.
In Heaven will it be you I see
Since then, I’ve never been the same
So ruin, I take on the final spin
Now I’m lost
and the last goodbye
Shattered - Trading Yesterday
Your embrace after all these days
Can’t deny, could never cry, but I give it one last try
Into the blue
Do you recognize my whacked soul?
Desperately I held myself up strong,
flying high
Too much time I spent refusing to feel your torment
what was
Now I’m breaking the dam
If only I have told ya, if only I could hold ya
finding me
I was blind and wrong. You had me all along.
Untill all is falling
Deny in vain, put on me the blame
Nothing but scars remain, keep me sane
Yeah, they were hard and rough,
and falling deep
Like a hopeless man needs a single consoling sound
You got a hold on me just too brief
It’s like my blood has found its core
I can’t reach you, you are gone too far
You care about me with all your grace
What those mean can no longer stay unseen
Led me through my selfmade maze
But I need him to say
And I can’t see light in the dark
That he will be fine
Between
No matter, just stay by my side.
Where the wind goes
Didn’t want to identify it’s singing you the last lullaby
But it was me, I wasn’t there
Don’t cut our bound
At the horizon I hear the nearing thunder
Were my base despite my disgrace
I didn’t know you could feel this way.
Your love I’m lost in
It stays, prays, colours all my greys
I can’t be strong and carry on
I’ve got nothing more to spent, no tears
I carry your torches through the rain
and what remains unseen
When I’m at our lake after the rain
In the end we are the shattered ones
hush, keep quiet
It always has been you
Your faith, your home, your loyalty,
Destiel-Oneshot "
and breaking down
Till I come home to you someday.
Pretending has never been so hard
And ended with you at the fifth of November.
There will be no sorrow, no tomorrow
You were always close behind, now let me follow
The war and an entire army,
I rather closed my eyes, unable yours on me to espy
Never wanted to be that guy holding one on standby
Can’t you see, I’ll never be a righteous man
Till then look down on me in time,
I damn my childish fears
And nothing to hide
’Cause for me there will be no reprieve
I’m ready now to fade away
And behold what’s underneath
Between
Want to let go, just falling
Things I ignore are those I most deplore
You never knew, I hide to deep.
In your blue I drowned
I said too much
Drown me in your ocean tide,
I had never met someone to cling
Since then, I’ve never again felt clean
Day by day the water is getting colder
It’s like I got something to believe
Yang to my yin, you‘ve gone all in
Instead of my consent, there is now heard a lament
We tore, how could I ever ask for more
Like a tree’s roots need the rain and leaves the sun
and not enough
With arms open wide
Standing on the rim, let the fall begin
Keeping me save you were my guard
Dean wants to ask, but it feels kind of – whatever. Weird. Cas is obviously grieving. Then he stumbles, grips the wall.
, except Cas is looking at him like – good morning. Like that’s all he meant. He smiles, and again, Dean’s body leads the way. Without even thinking about it, he smiles back.
‘Can I talk – can I tell you about – the angel?’ Cas says. ‘The one who found me. I need to – I think I need to—’
Back at the car, Crowley’s tapping and thunking away at the roof of the trunk. Dean couldn’t think of anywhere else to put him, so he just left him in there. ‘Hey,’ he snaps, and thumps on it hard with his fist. There’s an indignant noise, then nothing. Then he realises he’s just thumped baby. He walks round to her side, strokes the roof apologetically, leans up against her to eat, feeling the last of the day’s warmth on his face.
Cas blinks at him. ‘It’s all different,’ he says, after a moment.
Dean rolls out of bed, showers, dresses. Halfway through all this, he sees it’s 7am and stops doing it quietly, starts banging around, making noise. It doesn’t make any difference, though. Cas stays asleep, laid out on his front like he’s been dropped from a great height. How can
‘Yeah?’ Dean says, smiling. ‘Welcome to the club.’
‘Cas, are you coming here? Because, listen, things are, uh. Sam’s sick.’ Dean almost feels better for saying it, for having somebody to tell.
Dean pulls the light on in the bathroom, turns the shower on to heat up. Cas follows, but stays in the doorway. ‘You’re wet too,’ he says flatly.
Dean sighs heavily and puts a hand over his face.
‘No, I do,’ Cas shrugs. ‘It’s nice. It wouldn’t go on the list, though.’
Cas shrugs. ‘TV,’ he says. Yeah, Dean knows what he means. But anything’s worth a go. So they talk to Sam, or rather, through him, addressing parts of their shared conversation in his direction. It makes Dean feel kind of strange, but at one point Cas swears he can see Sam’s brow creasing, like he’s listening to their voices. The hope of that moment is an unclenching deep in Dean’s ribcage where he hadn’t even realised he was still wound up so tight.
‘Hey Cas,’ he says. It’s the first thing he’s said out loud for ages. Somehow, alone, it didn’t feel the same, talking to Sam. ‘You, uh. Want something to read?’
This life they lead. He’d go out of his mind, wouldn’t he? And here he is, and they had a chance to shut the gates on Hell forever, on every one of those sons of bitches that cause so much havoc and misery, that killed his Mom, and he couldn’t do it. Even after all that sacrifice, even when Sam said it was what he wanted, Dean just couldn’t bear it, couldn’t bear to lose him.
And then it’s over. Like it was easy.
After, he feels cleaner and warmer and calmer. Cas is sat on the bed in the towel, waiting for Dean’s help, presumably because he still has no clothes of his own.
‘Sorry,’ Cas says. He meets Dean’s eyes, mystified. ‘I feel strange. Why?’
The doc looks horrified. ‘I wasn’t trying to shake you down.’
Cas says nothing. Dean goes out of the bathroom, lies back in bed, in the dark. It feels like a long time until Cas follows him out and climbs into the other bed. Dean listens for the sound of his sleep-breathing, but he has a horrible feeling that, for whatever reason, they’re both wide awake.
‘But you must like some more than others.’
‘Sure,’ Dean says. This isn’t really what he meant. He rubs his eyes. ‘Was I right?’
t-shirt.’
Cas blinks at him. Then he rolls his eyes and picks the magazine back up. ‘Do you want to hear the rest of this article or not?’ he says flatly.
‘How’d you get it?’ she asks, concerned.
‘You slip up and tell her you’re, uh, old as recorded time?’
‘That’s it,’ Dean says. ‘Let go for me.’ Cas does.
‘Your brother’s medical bills. I’m aware, of course, that a longer stay--’
Unsettled, Dean lets go, moves back, stand up. As he does so, Cas says, ‘Dean,’ just once. But Dean doesn’t know what he’s asking for, he doesn’t want to know.
‘Yeah,’ Dean swallows. That’s the name the hospital has for him, Sam’s doctor. He stands up right away, can feel Cas do the same beside him.
This is way above Dean’s paygrade, his entire medical knowledge an uneasy mix of half-processed technical detail from
Dean sighs. There’s no accounting for taste, he’s realising: no pattern through which he can understand it, define it; Cas’s body just wants what it wants, likes what it likes, regardless.
, the doc said,
Sam’s doctors seem happy with his progress, so that night they go out to a bar with draught beer and thirty different kinds of chicken wings, because they deserve to celebrate, and because Cas is getting into food and Dean wants him to work out what he likes. ‘That’s the thing you need to know, your tastes,’ he said. It’s something about being human that he understands, that he can do for Cas, that he can help with.
.’ Then he sees her mouth drop open.
Dean sits there a while, drinking coffee and not eating anything, because he has no appetite. And then, just after nine, Cas shows up. He stands in the doorway and says, ‘Good morning.’
Cas’s mouth falls open under Dean’s, like all he’s ever wanted is to offer himself, open up, and Dean slides his tongue across Cas’s own, tasting red wine. Cas makes a noise thick with longing, and Dean pushes him hard, too hard, teeth knocking together as Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders. This is a stupid place to do this, an insane thing to be doing, but Dean can’t stop, can’t bring himself to let go, holding Cas in place as he kisses him, rough and urgent. He nudges Cas’s legs apart with a knee and feels Cas hard against his thigh. God. What is he doing.
Dean pulls him into a hug, feels Cas tense in every muscle, like trying to get hold of a stray animal, but after a moment he relaxes, holds onto the back of Dean’s jacket. When they let go, Dean holds him at arm’s length, like a mom. ‘Ah, you look fine, you look the same,’ he says roughly.
And he needs another fucking liability like that walking around? It would be insane, reckless, things being what they are. He’d be asking for trouble.
‘I’m wet.’
‘How are we today?’ she says cheerfully. ‘Sam?’ She’s wearing lipstick, a dark purple the same colour as her flat Doc Marten shoes, and it makes her look younger. Dean would’ve put her mid-30s before, but she might be late twenties. Too young to get mixed up with an ex-angel new-human dude with – with whatever baggage Cas is carting around. Dean had been thinking about setting them up on a date, but maybe he shouldn’t. And thinking that, it’s kind of a relief – knowing that, after all, he doesn’t have to do anything about it.
‘Please,’ Cas breathes, pushing his face against Dean’s neck, and Dean feels a drag against his skin, teeth and stubble. Cas is crazily hot against him, like he’s sick with something, like he has a fever, and then his dick is in Dean’s hand, a warm weight in his palm, and there’s a stream of noise coming out of Cas’s mouth like nobody’s ever banged on a wall and told him to shut up before, presumably because they haven’t. The panic’s still there, as though somebody’s left a radio on in the back of Dean’s brain, but then he rolls his wrist and Cas bites down so hard on his jaw that he forgets just about every thought he’s ever had.
He stays there, keeping an eye, until he’s sure that Sam’s asleep. Then he slips out of the room, into the corridor.
Dean swallows. ‘Right.’
on the end of his search and: ping. Easy.
Not that he has any reason to think Cas saw it as any more than human curiosity, new body, new feelings, new desires. Besides, it’s all moot, because Cas doesn’t want to stay human. And once he’s back to normal, everything else will be too.
Up in the room, Dean realises he left the window open that morning; the rain’s so fucking horizontal, it’s soaking the carpet. He tugs it shut, then turns to look at Cas. He’s wearing the red hoodie he stole from the laundromat in Marion, and so totally wet-dog soaked to the skin that Dean starts laughing, can’t help himself.
Eventually, the bathroom door opens. Dean goes perfectly still, like a wild animal that can’t risk movement. Maybe Cas will think he’s asleep, and in the morning, they can laugh it off. He hears Cas move through the room, in the dark, to the other bed, hears its springs creak.
Cas is leaning against the far wall, and as Dean crosses the floor towards him, Cas smiles in a small, private way that makes Dean's mouth feel dry. Is that a human thing, or did Cas always look at him that way, and he just never noticed? ‘Sam’s awake,’ he says, Captain Obvious, but, whatever, it feels good to say it out loud.
Dean rolls his eyes. ‘So you can find your flavours again. So you know what to order, what to get, what you – what stuff you like and what you don’t.’
?’ Dean asks, delighted.
‘Seriously though,’ he says to Sam. ‘How do you feel?’
‘Listen, if it’s angels, we’ve got to get you warded, right?’ he says, but Cas doesn’t reply, doesn’t look up.
Dean looks away, touched and embarrassed and pleased. ‘Yeah,’ he says.
‘Older,’ Cas corrects. ‘And, no.’
‘Yeah and
Dean blinks. ‘No, course,’ he says evasively. But it hadn’t really occurred to him that there was any way back. He wonders why that is. All the rules of his life are that everything’s reversible, anything they do to you can be undone, didn’t he get free after all, didn’t he get lifted out of hell, don’t good things happen sometimes? But when Cas told him about his grace, Dean had thought only: well, that’s gone.
‘I think it’s called Marion. I’m fairly sure that – there was a sign--’
Cas’s voice is shaky. ‘No,’ he says slowly. ‘I’m sorry, Dean. When I spoke to you, I was with an angel. She seemed lost – I thought I could help her, but --’
Sure.
‘We ate at a pasta restaurant. None of the flavours from your napkin were on the menu. But I ordered arrabiata, because you said I like spicy foods.’
‘Dean?’ says Cas.
‘How’d it go, ladykiller?’ Dean asks, not glancing up from his hands, running the razor under the tap.
That afternoon, Dean goes out for lunch and comes back with a stack of car magazines for them to read aloud from. Cas says the magazines are ‘unintelligible’ and ‘would make him want to stay in a coma’, and when he goes to stretch his legs, he snags a ten-dollar bill from Dean to bring back coffee, but what he actually comes back with is one coffee, for Dean, and one $3.95 novel from a second-hand stall in the café. It’s about a woman living in New England in the eighteenth century, in fear and thrall to a local buccaneering pirate.
‘So you’re human. That’s what that means, isn’t it?’
Cas looks alarmed, eyes wide, and Dean shrugs. ‘Couldn’t think where else to put him.’ Then he flicks the radio on, the speaker releasing a steady hiss-whine of static as it searches for a station it knows.
By the time they get back to the hotel, it’s late. Dean’s dead on his feet, aching from the drive, knots of tension in his shoulders that feel as big as a fist.
‘Oh,’ she interrupts. ‘Your eye.’
Dean’s anger burns out right away. ‘Cas, are you okay?’
Not meeting Cas’s eyes, he steps out of the bathroom and shuts the door behind him. He stands for a moment in the now-dark room, half-blind with a mix of panic and arousal, and thinks: okay. And then he thinks: that was for Cas. Which makes it okay. He can be fine about that. He breathes for a moment, slowly and steadily. Then he peels off his jeans, careful not to touch himself, and lies down in bed in his t-shirt and underwear.
to anybody, just – just be discreet, all right? Cas?’
‘Few days.’
‘Crowley’s in the trunk. I don’t know how much he can hear, but--’
Cas opens the bathroom door, leans up against the doorjamb and says, ‘Hello, Dean,’ something light and strange in his voice.
‘Are you
‘I can get them,’ says Cas.
‘Dean.’
‘Ew,’ Sam’s voice is a rasp. ‘You read me that? Not appropriate.’
‘Like this?’
, but Dean can’t think about that, he won’t.
Dean finds him a button-up to wear (‘Can’t go to a restaurant in a Zeppelin tee,’), rolls the sleeves up for him, undoes the top button, musses his hair. For all that Cas had said, only moments ago, that he wants to do things for himself, he just stands passively and lets Dean dress and undress him with unmistakable fear in his eyes.
‘Thank you.’ Cas rubs his undamaged eye with the back of a hand. He looks away. ‘Dean, I’m sorry,’ he says again.
‘I’m useless. I can’t help. I can’t heal your brother.’
‘Dean, I’m not a child. You’ve been behaving like this since I – like I’m incompetent. I—’
Dean swallows. ‘Your,’ he says haltingly. ‘Your – hand.’
So, yeah. It’s a nicer day than he expected. And the best thing is that Dean doesn’t feel like Sam’s gone or like he’s anywhere else but with them. Maybe it’s just that they’ve been talking to him – maybe that’s why people really do it – but he can almost hear Sam laughing when he says, ‘Woah there, cowboy,’ and lifts the bodice-ripper out of Cas’s hands; can almost hear him say, grinning, ‘Dean, it’s his book, let him read it.’
Cas seems doubtful, but later, when he tries the jerk wings, his eyes light up. ‘You were right,’ he says slowly. ‘These are better. I. Prefer them.’
‘And get yourself murdered by some nasty trucker or another crazy angel? No way. You’re human now, you’re--’ he manages not to say any of the words that spring to mind,
Dean follows Natalie to the cold, bare room where families wait for bad news. He’s glad they’re not spending the day there. ‘Take any of these,’ she says, but before he picks up the chair, she touches him on the arm. ‘It’s good to see you talking to Sam. It might feel weird, I know, but keep going.’
‘You don’t like it.’
‘Am I okay? Yeah man. Fine. Are you okay?’
Dean rattles off the name and address of the hospital, says, ‘Listen Cas, just come here, I’ll,’ and then he stops. He’d nearly said,
. You should have a shower, come on.’
Dean swallows, steps back. Weird. Stupid. ‘You better jump in before the hot water goes,’ he says, and steps around Cas, back into the bedroom. He shuts the door behind him.
But Cas just says, ‘She asked me out,’ wide-eyed. ‘I said I liked her lipstick and then she – I didn’t realise – I didn’t know what to – she said could we go for a drink later and, I, it wasn’t—’
Dean laughs. ‘Yeah, man. It must’ve been well over a day since you – since all this. I’m guessing you haven’t slept?’
where you bleed and you eat and you sleep and all the things you never had to worry about before…’
‘I don’t want you to treat me like I’m a child. I don’t like you thinking I’m helpless.’
Cas moves his hand away, but on some instinct, Dean reaches out, catches hold of it, presses it between his palms. Cas looks at him, eyes wide and very blue. He looks like he’s on the verge of saying something, but then he doesn’t. He says nothing.
‘What about?’
Cas chews, considering. ‘Nice,’ he says slowly. ‘Salty.’
,’ in a voice so bitter, it’s like being winded.
‘Please, Cas, I want to feel your hand on me. Your skin. I want – I want you to--’
‘Strange?’ Dean blinks. ‘Well, uh. You been to sleep?’
‘In here,’ he calls. What time is it? Doesn’t seem late enough.
Dean picks up a towel, wipes the last of the shaving foam from his jawline and meets his own eyes in the mirror. Uncertain expression. Then he meets Cas’s, watching him. ‘And?’ he says tensely. He’s not sure what he’s asking.
‘I don’t mind.’
. Then he spots Cas lying in the other bed, sound asleep.
likes ham and mustard just fine.
‘In here,’ Dean says, pushing open the door. If Cas thinks anything about the room, he doesn’t say it, though Dean turns back from pouring them a nightcap to find Cas staring at the curtains like they might attack him.
Cas shakes his head. He’s holding two coffees; he hands one to Dean and then takes the stack of papers out from under his arm. A couple of newspapers, three gossip magazines. He sits down in his chair and says good morning to Sam. Then he opens one of the magazines and starts to read.
He looks up, eyes narrowed suspiciously. ‘What?’
And yes, okay. Yes. And Dean gives up, arching into Cas’s touch, pushing a hand into his hair as he says, into Cas’s mouth, ‘Just put your hand back, please.’
Cas reaches. His hand is cold on the back of Dean’s neck. It makes Dean shudder, but he doesn’t look away. In fact, he does nothing at all, except stand there, thrumming with quiet panic as Cas leans forward. They look at each other, Cas’s breath on his mouth, and Dean should say,
‘I guess.’
Dean makes himself shrug, non-committal. ‘Sam’s in good hands,’ he says, trying to keep the tension out of his voice. The whole day and night team basically have his number, the doc promised he’d call if there was any change, it’s – but Cas knows, of course, how it is. Dean looks away from the sympathetic expression on his face, which kind of hurts, like the hotel receptionist being nice kind of hurt, a dull ache in his ribs.
. That’s how it works.’
, he knows how it works. How could he have asked Cas that, asked him to come here? What was he thinking?
She goes and stands above Cas at the window, tilting his bad eye towards the light. He closes his eyes, obedient, face blank and open, and Dean watches the professional assurance of her touch with something that feels like envy. When she smoothes Cas’s hair up and out of the way, he opens his eyes to smile at her, and she smiles back. ‘You’ll do,’ she says.
‘I feel like I ran six marathons. All in one go.’
‘I said are
‘No, sure, okay. Well, I guess... When Sammy was five, I think, he got this thing for a while where he didn’t like going to sleep. Bad dreams. I used to worry, you know? Like, what did he remember, what could he remember – about Mom. But he used to get me to talk to him, tell him stories when he fell asleep. Is that what you want? A story?’
And the guy’s eyebrows go up like: you thought there was something you could
Cas does it right away, palming Dean through his underwear, and there’s something confident in his touch that’s surprising. Then Cas kisses him again, with agonising gentleness, and that’s too much, so Dean bucks up against him, Cas’s bottom lip between his teeth, and grits out, ‘Please.’
‘And what?’ says Dean.
Dean claps him on the shoulder, a little harder than he meant to, and Cas rocks slightly on his feet. ‘Knock ‘em dead!’ he says, too loud.
‘Human.’
Dean rolls his eyes, says, ‘Well,’ and guides him away from the wall, half tossing Cas onto the spare bed. The springs of the mattress wheeze softly under his weight. Dean wonders if Cas is heavier or lighter without his grace, if it was a physical thing that could be measured and it’s gone now, like losing a kidney or something, or else if it was something woven through every bone of Cas’s vessel that made him – whatever. Never quite here.
‘Whatever they want,’ Dean says to himself, and his voice sounds strange in the empty room.
‘Ow,’ says Sam.
So Dean goes out on foot and finds a cheap hotel two blocks from the hospital. The woman behind the desk is young, more of a girl, with a weak chin, thin face, generationally unlikely perm. There’s no point pissing away money he’ll only have to get back somehow, so Dean asks for a single, but at the last moment he says, actually, he has a friend who might drop by, how much for a twin?
– but if he wants to turn around and drive right back, and he does, then he’s better off eating now.
Dean rolls onto his back, tries to imagine falling asleep. He listens through the wall to the sound of the running tap and wonders how long it would take for sleep to come if he just lay here pretending.
‘Right. That’s good, that’s a start. So where are you, man?’
‘It’s uncomfortable,’ Cas concedes. ‘But you never complain.’
‘And don’t stand around all day being obvious, okay? Keep a low profile. If you can get some money, get some food, do it, but don’t do anything weird, don’t
‘Dean,’ Cas says, something pleading in it. For a moment, Dean wants to say, look, if you don’t want to go, don’t go. You’re the one who said yes. He wants to say, you can spend the evening with me, if you want. Text her. Cancel. I’m here. But it’s all too weird to say out loud. Of course Cas wants to go, of course he’s just nervous.
‘I didn’t want to come back here in case they followed me, I tried not to, but wandering around with blood all over my—’ He shakes his head. ‘I was attracting attention. And then I thought, I’ll only get into more trouble, and you’ll have to—’ He breaks off, covers his face with his hands. He’s not crying or anything, but it’s an unusually emotive display, and it makes Dean feel queasy.
Dean’s phone says 2am. He gets out of bed.
But he doesn’t. It’s not just the clothes, it’s – it’s different. Dean can’t put his finger on it. Something about how Cas holds himself, like he knows how easily he could be broken, damaged, hurt; like he knows how temporary, unlikely his body is. It makes Dean’s bones ache in physical sympathy. No saying any of that, though.
‘I’m in, uh, it’s a small town, I walked here from the car wreck--’
‘I’m an adult. I need to learn to look after myself. I’m sure you’re worried about – Sam – but I—'
‘And thirsty, and uncomfortable, and – and so—’
‘Oh Jesus,’ she says sympathetically. ‘Want me to take a look?’
‘Okay, hang on.’ Dean puts Cas on speaker and types
‘I think so.’
The nurse comes by just after ten, one Dean’s met before, Natalie, she works mornings; she’s easy to remember, with her sensible nurses’ shoes, brightly coloured nails and beads in her braids. ‘Your friend came,’ she says, instead of good morning, and Dean feels the skin on the back of his neck heat up.
‘Huh,’ says Dean. Like it was a science experiment. Then he pulls his hand away and picks up his drink. ‘Well. There you go.’
‘I didn’t know how to say no.’
Dean wakes up because his phone is ringing. He must have fallen asleep in the chair, stiff-limbed and uneasy, and now the hospital room’s full of thick, bright afternoon light. He’d been dreaming about something, shooting stars, a sky of falling angels, he’s queasy and disoriented. His phone says
Cas looks up, turning his black eye fully towards her in the process.
The teenage girl behind the counter shrugs. ‘Sorry.’
With two chairs, they sit either side of the bed, Dean in his old spot, Cas by the window, pale and calm as a marble statue. He should look funny in his borrowed, too-large t-shirt – I HEART BRANSON MISSOURI in faded lettering, from when Dean ran out of clothes on a job fifteen years ago – but somehow, he doesn’t. He looks sort of sincere, like he really does love Branson Missouri and he’d like you to know about it. No, that’s too easy. He looks – whatever. Comforting to have around a hospital room.
Dean glanced up at him, smirking when Cas refocused his gaze on his face, “Like what you see?” He teased, taking a swig of his drink.
“Sir, yes, sir,” Cas chuckled, turning around to kiss Dean again. His fingers fumbled to undo Dean’s belt. He had to stop the kiss to undo the zipper and button, his shaky hands not helping with the situation. Eventually, he got them undone and the jeans fell into a loose pile around Dean’s ankles. He promptly kicked them off to the side. Cas didn’t get a chance to see where before Dean had him bound in another kiss.
“Fuck,” Cas said, shoving a pillow over his face in an attempt to stop the thoughts in his head.
His brain felt fuzzy. He needed coffee. He walked downstairs to the kitchen to make a pot. The sun had barely risen so the kitchen was still dark. Cas flipped the light switch as he walked in. Stale coffee from the morning before sat in the machine. He grabbed the pot and brought it over to the sink to dump it out.
“Yeah,” Dean repeated, leaning over and planting a gentle kiss on his lips, “We should probably get cleaned up.”
Dean felt his cheeks start to heat up, “Uh, nothing. What’s up?”
When Cas looked back up, he found that Eli had moved closer and was now leaning his shoulder on the wall no more than six inches from where Cas was.
“Fuck,” Dean said. He stood, finally noticing Cas’s abandoned cup. He picked it up, grabbed his own, and headed inside; out of the chill, off the peaceful roof, and back to reality.
“That doesn’t sound like you,” Chuck noted.
“Castiel,” he said, a smile pulling on his mouth.
“He’s comatose.” Balthazar.
Disclaimer:
“Hey,” Dean said, reaching a hand up to cup his cheek, “It was good. I’m glad it was with you.”
Cas copied her and started towards the door.
Dean heard the chair behind him squeak over the monotone script of his teacher.
He reached across the table and grabbed one of Dean’s hands. He brought it to his lips in a kiss, making Dean flush red. Cas cackled at the reaction he’d managed to get out of Dean.
“Wait,” Dean said. Cas looked up at him, halfway sat down, “Uh, never mind. Have a good day.”
“Oh, hey,” he smiled, “What are you doing here?”
The rest of the day passed quickly. Dean barely noticed the time passing, only bothering to pay attention when one of his friends brought up the party.
“I can’t believe you made me wear this,” Cas said as soon as they reached the corner. He hooked a finger into the choker, scratching where the lace itched his skin.
“Yeah,” Dean answered, rubbing the nape of his neck nervously, “I know we didn’t make it official yet, and I was gonna ask, but I dunno. It just felt right.”
His father didn’t respond so he left his bag and walked to the Cafeteria. He saw Gabe sitting on a table with Anna sitting on the benches surrounding with her back facing the door. She turned when she heard him walk up.
“I’m sorry,” he said, backing up to sit on his bed with his hands in his face. Cas remained leaned against the desk. His face was frozen in shock, slowly processing what had just happened before slowly walking over to stand above Dean. He squatted down in front of him. Cas felt his mind and heart racing. He reached up and gently tugged Dean’s hands away.
Dean sighed: No it wasn’t. I overreacted. I was being stupid. I was drunk and I shouldn’t have been driving. I knew, even then, that I shouldn’t have. I was just…
“And, you’re glowing with joy over overpriced flavored water? Damn, what was in it?” Gabe replied, his tone dripping with sarcasm.
“It’s from her,” he said, pointing at a brunette sitting at a table with her friends. She blushed and gave a small wave when he looked over at her.
Dean imagined cornering the smaller boy, trapping him between Dean’s body and the wall. He pictured those perfect blue eyes staring up at him innocently as he leaned down and pressed his lips against the plump, pink ones. Moistening the chapped lips with his tongue. Maybe he’d run his hands along the boy’s hips and back. Kissing the scruff along his jaw and neck. Fingers slowly exploring every nook and cranny of-
Dean: Why? It’s not your fault
Cas contemplated for a minute typing and retyping answers, weary with sleep: Watching Netflix. He lied again.
Luckily it wasn’t too cold and the visits were quick. Cas was the last one to go in. He didn’t have a group to go in with, so it was quiet when he entered the Hospital.
“Uh, a venti iced coffee with skim milk and sugar and a grande black coffee.” Cas responded firmly, continuing on as Eli typed the order into the computer in front of him, “I like your tattoo.” Cas nodded towards it, surprised as he felt himself lean towards the boy on the other side of the counter. Was he seriously flirting with this guy as he was buying a coffee for his crush? A pang of guilt stabbed his stomach at the thought. He wasn’t expecting anything to form between him and Dean but he still felt that guilt. He shoved those thoughts aside for now.
Dean winds up in a coma in the hospital after the accident. Cas of course goes to visit him, unsure of what to expect. What happens shocks him.
“Hey, hey,” Dean said, bringing his hands up to wrap around him, “It’s okay.”
Dean searched for his voice, wanting to say it back, needing Cas to know he was listening. A pair of lips pressed against his. Cas’s lips were chapped but soft. Everything inside Dean lit up with joy. It was perfect. Dean opened his eyes when Cas pulled away.
Dean: What show?
“Dean invited me,” Cas shrugged, walking over the desk and plopping the car keys on it.
“That witch,” Dean said. Castiel sat across from him, his arms folded across his chest. “She probably cursed us or something.”
“Well, yeah” Gabe replied with a roll of his eyes, “I mean for after. Remember last time? We don’t want another incident.”
Dean Winchester was a beautiful man, unfortunately for Castiel. Since the day Dean had moved into the house next to him, Castiel’s life had felt like a living hell. It wasn’t enough that Dean was hot, he spent almost all his time outside in jeans and a tight shirt, or no shirt at all. He always seemed to be in Castiel’s view when he was home. If Dean wasn’t so painfully straight, Castiel would’ve thought he was teasing him.
The microwave beeped, pulling Dean out of his daze. He took the plate out, nearly dropping it as it burned his fingers. He put it on the counter and gave his hand a little shake to help with the pain. He dug through the cabinets, searching for hot dog buns. He settled for slices of white bread. They had ketchup in the fridge. He assembled the hot dogs, folding the bread around them as a makeshift bun. Sam was not impressed. He looked up at Dean confused when he put a plate in front of him.
“Not that I don’t love this but, feeling kind of alone here,” Dean said, his face slightly pink.
“Well someone looks happy. What’d you do, get a date?” Gabriel teased when Cas approached them after school. He had interrupted Gabe begging Anna to go to a party with him this weekend.
Why were there sirens?
Cas had been lost in his thoughts of Dean Winchester. He finally snapped back to reality. Gabriel, Castiel’s best friend, was shaking his arm.
“Woah, sorry,” the man chuckled, his hands held up defensively.
“What?” He asked, making Dean realize he was staring.
He pulled at the hem of Dean’s shirt as they made it into the room. Dean got the hint, pulling away to take it off. Cas watched eagerly, his eyes raking across Dean’s torso and stooping at his nipples. "Wow, you weren’t kidding,” he breathed, staring at the piercings admirably. He reached out, fingers brushing gently against the skin as his eyes explored Dean’s tattoos.
When the two got to the school Cas’s dad parked in the back where he usually did. They grabbed their stuff and headed inside. Not many other people were at the building as early as the father and son. Mostly teachers hiding in their classrooms or the Teacher’s Lounge. There were a few students scattered across the school, most of their parents had early work hours.
“I can’t. He’s probably straight, even if he wasn’t, he wouldn’t be interested in me.” Cas sighed sadly.
“Cas!” Charlie said, looking up at him confused but happy.
Dean stood, joining his teammates as they gathered around the bench.
“But nothing,” Dean interrupted, “I have to be okay. Now drop it.”
Anna gave him a sour look. She never agreed to go but she was stuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ugh,” Dean moaned sleepily, “What time is it?”
“Do you want to sit with me at lunch?” Dean asked. He was twisted in his seat watching Cas pack.
There it was again, that name. That one syllable that could bring a smile to his face or take it away.
For the next few weeks, this became a habit, a sort of way to cope with the fact that he was the original cause of why Dean was even stuck in this state. Not to say that he didn’t enjoy seeing Dean, he just wished Dean were more...conscious. Talking to Dean in this state, even with the minor reactions, felt equivalent to talking to a brick wall. Fear that Dean may never wake up looming over his guilty conscience with every visit.
“I think not,” Cas argued, “If I get caught drunk again Dad’ll probably kill me.”
“What do you mean ‘plan of attack’? I thought I was just gonna sneak out the window like usual?” Cas questioned as he sat next to Anna with his hands folded on the table in front of him.
Dean shot a glare in his direction before going back to staring at the mansion. He had never been to a place like this in all of his party goings. Honestly, he’d expected a frat house or someone’s small house. Not a literal MANSION. They started walking down the driveway towards the set of double doors which had elegant designs carved into the shining knockers nailed on each door.
“I-uh, I’m a teacher,” Cas answered.
Cas just hummed into his pillow in response. He wanted to go back to sleep but any chance of that was gone now. He hesitated, taking in the feeling of the smooth pillowcase before letting out a grunt and sitting up. His eyes blinked a few times, adjusting to the new light and position as he folded his legs under him. Another yawn escaped him and he smacked his lips again, allowing himself some time to wake up before reaching for where his phone was stuffed under his pillow. He unplugged it and checked for any notifications.
“I guess we’ll find out,” Dean answered with a wink. He leaned forward to peek out the window, “I should probably go though,” he said, finishing the coffee off in a few gulps. He licked his lips collecting the stragglers and put down the cup on the counter. “I’ll see you later?” he asked.
Dean looked down and read the note. It was a Good-bye note. From Cas. Dean felt a sudden rush of emotions.
“Good,” Cas said.
Dean shook his head, swallowing hard, in an effort to focus again, “I- uh. Do you have any coffee? I ran out and forgot to buy more. I can pay you back for it,” he asked.
“Nothin’,” Cas said. Eyes trailing Dean’s face once more before focusing on the sky again, his small smile unwavering, “beautiful, isn’t it.”
Dean sat up wondering if he looked as dead as he felt, “Who says I’m not.” he joked back.
Sam looked at the ground, “Hot dogs,” He said.
Castiel glanced around, looking for a place to sit. One of the people, a friendly-looking girl with red hair, waved him over, patting the spot next to her on the couch. Cas sat smiling at her in a silent thanks.
“Good,” Dean smiled at him. They stood, smiling until the warning bell rang, “I guess that’s our cue,” Dean said, pulling open the door and ushering Cas into the hallway. They walked back to the classroom quickly, barely making it in the door when the bell rang. The pair hurried over to their seats. Before Cas could sit down, Dean grabbed him and pulled him into a kiss. The class erupted into hoots and screams. “Told ya,” Dean whispered when he let go of Cas.
“Are you okay?” Dean asked.
Dean looked at his phone confused: Why? It’s not your fault
When they got back to the school, Cas headed up to his Dad’s classroom. Chuck smiled up at him from the computer when he walked in.
“Castiel, huh?  Weird name” Dean said with a slightly confused look on his face.
“What exactly are we looking for?” Cas asked.
“Shut up,” Dean muttered, attempting to kick him under the table but missing and making him laugh harder.
He thought about his next words carefully:  I caused the accident. You saw me kissing Eli and I hurt you and made you leave and I tried to stop you but you didn’t and it’s my fault.
Cas was certain that he was dreaming as he stared up at the beautiful man beside him. Moonlight washed over his face, making it glow. He traced the sharp jawline and connected the freckles with his eyes. His eyes flitted up when Dean’s eyes fluttered open and peered down at him, a blush forming on his cheeks, barely visible in the dim light.
Cas stood with his back pressed against the door. His breathing was short and panicked.
Dean: This wasn’t your fault.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas chuckled, whipping his eyes, “I should call a nurse or a doctor.”
“Good morning,” Cas smiled back.
“Hi!” He smiled back. He felt the hair on his neck stand up and found himself staring into the bright green eyes of Dean Winchester.
Dean pulled out his phone, opening his messages. We need to talk, he typed, hitting send before he could chicken out. He heard Cas’s phone buzz on the desk behind him. Cas sighed, stood up, and walked to the door. He stopped, looking back at Dean expectantly. Dean got the message and copied him. They walked down the hall to the men’s restroom in silence.
Dean closed the distance between the two, pressing his lips to Castiel’s. Cas gasped at the unexpected action. Dean had pictured this moment a thousand times but never thought it would be like this. Cas didn’t return the gesture. Dean stopped and pulled back, cheeks flushed, looking embarrassed.
“Sorry,” John grunted before striding into the room to check on his son, a cup of fresh coffee in hand. Cas couldn’t find words to answer and simply stared dumbly as the man went and sat down in the chair situated next to Dean’s bed.
Cas watched him open the oven and take out the bacon, his brain still hazy from earlier. “You got coffee?” he asked when Dean had gotten himself situated again.
“Dean,” a deep voice said next to him, accompanied by a hand grabbing the arm which held the keys to his car, “Dean, I can explain, but you can’t drive like this. Please, Dean.” Dean looked over at Cas with a venomous glare in his eyes. He snatched his jacketed arm back from the other and somehow managed to shove the key into the car’s lock. He recognized pain in Cas’s eyes as he slowly lowered his hand from where it was clutching empty space.
No response.
Unsure of what to do next he simply stared down at Dean’s unconscious body, studying his face. There was bruising under his eyes and his nose looked broken. Cas’s mind flashed back to the night before. He fidgeted with the sleeve end of his flannel as he imagined what might’ve happened if he’d kissed Dean that night.
“Yeah, like the angel. My family’s religious.” Cas shrugged.
Cas looked up at him through his eyelashes. His eyes pinning Dean in place, paralyzing him. Cas cleared his throat, straightening up. “I should go,” he said, not looking at Dean.
“Yeah,” Dean sighed, a relieved smile breaking out on his face. Castiel drank it up. He followed Dean back to the kitchen, avoiding the beer puddle on the floor. The selection had shrunk by quite a bit since the beginning of the party. Dean rummaged around in the fridge, pulling a beer from out somewhere inside. He held it out to Cas, “Want one?”
Dean hummed in approval, “Do you want to get another drink? I kinda spilled my beer catching you,” he asked, palming the nape of his neck.
“C-can I borrow the car?” Cas managed to mumble out.
He was right in his guess. Only four tired-looking people were standing in front of him in line. Cas pulled out his phone and slipped in an earbud while he waited. His turn to order came quickly.
Cas, Anna, and Gabe shoved their way to the bar to grab drinks while Balthazar went to find his friends. After they got them they went their separate ways. Cas wandered over to a mostly corner of the room and leaned against the wall watching the dancers. He left his perch soon after, as a couple started making out loudly beside him which made him uncomfortable. He navigated the crowd, looking for a familiar face.
“You’re awake,” Dean said, finally noticing him. Cas shifted as Dean’s eyes traveled up and down his body.
“Yeah, she, uh, she left a while ago,” Dean answered the unspoken question.
“Thanks,” Dean chuckled, grabbing the coffee and taking a sip. At first, he looked ready to spit it out onto the floor. After a few more sips his expression changed to a more neutral look. “Just the way I like it.” He said with a chuckle. Cas inspected the other’s face curiously. The freckled cheeks were tinted pink. Upon further inspection, Cas realized Dean looked nervous. He realized he was staring and he glanced up into the other's eyes. They made eye contact for what seemed forever but was a few seconds. Neither spoke.
Dean chuckled at the formality of the words, “Yeah, you can’t see much of it from the kitchen can you?”
“What is it?” Castiel asked. Dean didn’t look at him.
“I am,” Castiel interrupted. A newfound energy tapping into him. He looked at Dean, gaze hard enough to make him squirm.
“It’s nothing,” Cas responded nervously, “just something about the case.”
Cas hummed, eyes returning to Dean’s. Dean glanced at Cas’s lips, suddenly aware of how close they were. He took a step in, waiting for Cas to move away. When he didn’t, Dean moved in. The space between them closed, little by little. Their breaths mixed, warming the space between them.
Dean was rushed out and into the hospital immediately, Cas got pulled over to the side for questioning.
Cas took a deep breath before walking over to next to the bed. He studied his face for a minute, holding his hand gently, before beginning his speech, “Hello, Dean. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I never meant to hurt you, in any way. Before I met you, my left felt empty, meaningless. I always wondered what my true happiness could look like. I never found an answer. Because the one thing I want...it’s something I know I can’t have. You changed me, Dean. I love you,” before he knew what he was doing, Cas leaned down and planted a soft kiss on his lips, and, for a second, he thought he felt the other boy kiss back. He pulled away, crying, and whispered, “Goodbye, Dean.”
Cas does as he’s told, but his mouth is a thin line. After a moment he says, ‘Talk to me.’
‘Hey,’ Dean says. ‘Cold water.’ He reaches over, turns off the hot water and runs the cold instead. Then he lifts the wet material out of Cas’s hands. ‘Leave it, okay, sit down, I’ll do it.’
‘Yeah, I’m here,’ Dean blusters out, heart racing right away. ‘What is it, what’s wrong?’
‘Go to sleep, okay?’ he says flatly. ‘You’re tired, you’re just. We. We’ll find a tattoo place in the morning.’
Dean made good time, it’s not long after six, so he goes into the NiteMart while he waits. He buys potato chips, coffee and, after a moment, taquitos. He hasn’t had much of an appetite since Sam – well,
‘I just figured,’ Dean says slowly, ‘once you patched him up, I could take him home to rest. To get better.’
Dean’s phone rings and he lets go of Cas’s hand to answer. ‘Hello?’
‘Yeah,’ he says. He feels kind of sad, which is dumb. Things are fine. The sun’s shining. Sam’s doing better.
She shakes her head.
They kept some in the car for a while after that.
Dean says nothing. He tries to keep his breathing as even as possible. He can hear Cas’s own breath, long and slow and tired, and thinks:
There’s something unfocused and desperate about it, about Cas, that reminds Dean of being a teenager; the way Cas keeps rolling his hips, fucking urgently into Dean’s hand like he’s fighting against him, against his rhythm. It should be annoying, but actually it makes Dean heady, desperate in a way he hasn’t been for years, still wearing all of his clothes with his hand on Cas’s dick. He says, ‘Like that? Is that what you like?’ but Cas is incoherent, moaning roughly against the skin of Dean’s throat.
‘Cool. Back early, though. Not gonna be awkward when we see her tomorrow, is it?’
‘Yeah,’ he says. ‘Cas, Natalie.’
‘Hi,’ says Cas, lifting his hand in a wave.
Then Cas goes for take-out and doesn’t come back.
‘I’m just wondering if you’re still here, at the hospital.’
‘What?’ Cas’s voice is rough even for him.
and front-line, sewing-yourself-back-up-in-a-shell-hole type first aid. A splash of vodka and something to bite down on, he can do. Sam said once that’s where superglue comes from, that it was invented for Vietnam soldiers to put themselves back together until they could get to a field hospital, and Dean had said that was a cool fact, and he’d also thought,
After a moment or two, Cas says, ‘I’m sorry. I should have come to you when we spoke. But I’ll start today, I can hitchhike.’
‘The what?’
And if he can let himself glimpse it through the low, white noise of his panic, the same panic that’s been fizzing beneath his skin for days and has nothing, he can admit that, nothing to do with the horror of Sam being sick, or the bodily sympathy of Cas’s humanity, but is separate, its own living entity – well. If he could, he’d have to admit he’d wanted that for a while. Cas. And that he enjoyed it. That it felt good. Which is terrifying, of course, because what the hell does that mean?
White noise in Dean’s ears as he lifts a hand, runs his fingernails up the front of Cas’s jeans. Cas gasps into his mouth. ‘Yeah?’ he says, and, ‘Yeah?’ thumbing open the button of Cas’s stolen jeans.
‘Wait here, okay?’ Dean walks back to the room, slides his duffel out from under the bed and grabs his first-aid bag.
‘Thanks,’ Cas says, taking the drink from Dean, sitting on the undisturbed covers of the second bed. There’s something weird about this whole thing, dreamlike – Dean’s been in a hundred fleabag rooms with Cas but never one where they both planned on sleeping.
– then he realises Cas hasn’t come in with him. He glances up. Cas is waiting in the hall. Dean wants to tell him to come in, but something holds him back.
Dean shakes his head. ‘Nothing.’
‘Good. So we’re both okay.’
‘You and Sam. You must feel this way all the time, all these things. Cold. Hurt. Hungry and – hungover—’
‘Oh come on, Cas.’
Dean clears his throat, meets Cas’s eyes for a moment, looks away again. He feels tired.
‘Fuck,’ he says, ‘I’m gonna,’ and Cas says, ‘Yes,’ mouth at Dean’s temple, breath in his hairline, his other hand holding the back of Dean’s neck, and it’s hard to say if the relief Dean feels when he comes is just the narrative release of orgasm, the bodily hallelujah (and god knows it’s been a while), or if it’s something else. If it’s the relief of having asked for it, having said it out loud.
After he’s come, both of them stand there and breathe. Then Dean steps back, half-laughing. ‘I’ll let you get cleaned up.’
‘Sure. I mean – good. That’s great.’
‘Who’s this?’ he asks groggily.
Cas makes a sound that could be a laugh. ‘Tell me what you want,’ he says.
‘Pirates.’
‘Dean,’ Cas murmurs, pressing his mouth lazily, contentedly against Dean’s own. He pushes a hand against him, rubbing through Dean’s underwear. Dean gasps and fucks up against him, into Cas’s palm, but he also turns his face away and says, ‘Come on, man,’ so, mixed signals.
Dean wakes up as soon as the door opens. He’d been dozing restlessly, the kind of sleep that’s barely sleep, his danger-senses tingling, and he sits bolt upright in the dark right away. ‘Cas?’ he says, voice rough with tiredness.
He’s just picturing Cas, halfway to being a stranger, having Dean over for some fucking soulless dinner party, when Cas comes out of the bathroom with a towel round his waist and says, ‘Shower’s yours.’
‘Cas,’ he says, and Cas kisses him, thumb stroking a circle on the back of Dean’s neck, and soon after that, he falls asleep.
But there’s no reply. In the quiet, Dean’s phone beeps. Call ended.
A horrible feeling begins to spread through Dean’s body as he remembers that Cas has no mobile phone, but also no angel radio, he can’t hear Dean’s prayers, he can’t – nothing. Dean can’t reach him. There’s no spell, no celestial megaphone he can use, Cas is just another body, now, wandering around in a world of billions upon billions of bodies.
‘Hey,’ Dean says. He takes Cas’s wrists in his hands, but Cas is strong, won’t budge. ‘
Cas grunts, a low, derisive sound that might be a laugh. Dean pulls a big square sticking plaster out of the box, peels the back off and presses it in place. ‘There you go.’ Then he sits back on his heels and looks up.
‘I’ve been reading the papers,’ Cas says slowly. ‘Every day since I got here. There’s things, there’s – things I have to fix. The mess I’ve made, Dean. I’ve been so stupid.’
‘Oh, listening to me makes you feel tired?’
‘Cas?’ Dean sits up, wide awake, panic vying with relief, with anger, with the part of him that just thinks, oh, now, finally. He must’ve fallen asleep still praying to Cas, like he’d prayed to him all through the long, sleepless night at Sammy’s bedside, hours and hours of muttering away as it became clear no answer was coming.
‘So when can I take him home?’ says Dean. The doctor looks at him with narrowed eyes.
Natalie doesn’t notice. She doesn’t know what Cas is, was, doesn’t seem care that he’s wearing Dean’s too-big old clothes and pronouncing words like Versace as though he’s not from the same universe as them. Dean turns and watches her watch him while Cas reads, ‘
‘Sleep?’
‘Just before six. I’m sorry to call so early. I waited, but—’
‘It’s fine, I’m sorry,’ he says, without looking up, although clearly he isn’t. He’s holding the t-shirt under the water, trying to rinse the blood out. Hot tap.
‘Well?’
‘Because that’s,’ Dean flaps a hand. ‘
. I can’t heal your brother, Dean. I can’t help you. I need to be where I can do some good.’
Next morning, they go straight to the hospital. Dean needn’t have worried: Sam’s okay, for a relative value of okay. No change. But his doctors are looking happier. One of them gives Dean a thumbs up on his way out the door.
Dean exhales, flicks on a light. ‘What time is it?’
For a while, they sit like that and watch the fountain, the birds in it, the three-year-old kid trying to poke something at the bottom with a stick. And Dean knows they’re thinking different things. That he wants to know what it’s like to be one of them, to be out there, living, picket fence, sticky-fingered kids and somebody who loves you, and Cas is thinking – thinking that he used to be able to help these people, and now he can’t. So it goes.
‘Ask lots of questions,’ Dean says. ‘Chicks dig that. And uh. Tell her you were home-schooled. That way, anything you don’t know about anything, it’s like, it’s a home-school thing.’
? But he doesn’t. He says nothing. And then Cas kisses him; soft, uncertain, close-mouthed, like a question.
It’s been a quiet morning. Dean wouldn’t say it’s been awkward, or not precisely, despite what he might have feared, but it hasn’t been comfortable either. It’s been more like a truce, suspended reality, just silently agreeing to act the same easy way they’ve been acting for days and not – not talk about – anything else. But as they sit eating in companionable silence, Dean can feel Cas’s eyes on the side of his face, and realises the truce is coming to an end.
‘No, don’t worry. How’s it going? You, uh – “done some good”, wherever you are?’ Dean sounds pissed off, but he’s still half asleep and, anyway, he is pissed off, who cares.
Dean claps him on the shoulder. ‘Attaboy.’
Dean blinks. But it makes sense. This is the closest, cheapest place. ‘My brother,’ he says, after a moment.
‘Dean—'
‘Cas,’ says Dean, and hears the tone his father used to use, the one that means: come on, grow up, don’t be a baby. But Cas looks up at him with slow, uneasy comprehension, running his tongue across his bottom lip like he expects to be able to feel some difference there, and Dean’s body betrays him. Against his will, he steps forward and grips Cas by the hips with both hands, crowding him back, pushing Cas flush against the doorjamb as he kisses him again.
? Like he can’t understand why Dean would ask that. And fair enough, probably he can’t. But his voice is gentle when he says, ‘I’m afraid you’re just going to have to be patient.’
‘How long was I out?’
‘It’s nice.’
‘Mr Doherty?’
‘Except – it wasn’t…’ Cas begins, haltingly. His voice has lost its lightness. ‘I realised, I didn’t--’
Dean blinks. ‘What?’
Dean spends the next few boring hours in front of the TV, channel hopping, eating pizza, not checking his phone or thinking about Cas’s date. He cleans his guns in front of
‘Dean—’
Dean wants to tell him it’s fine, obviously he’d rather they were in danger together than have Cas wandering around in some weird city alone, obviously that. But then Cas grits out, ‘I’m
Cas does as he’s told. Somehow Dean’s aware of every movement Cas makes, hyper-conscious of him sitting down on the lid of the toilet, leaning his head back against the wall. He concentrates on what he’s doing – rinsing, ringing the shirt out and rinsing again, watching the pale copper water run into the plughole – and tries to dampen the white noise of panic he feels even though Cas is here and largely unharmed.
‘Me?’
Dean laughs. ‘Cool,’ he says, picks up the bodice-ripper Cas found on a second-hand stall what seems like a lifetime ago, even though it’s only been a few days. This last week’s felt longer than some months. He holds the book up for Sam to see.
‘Dean, Metatron – he – he took my grace.’
‘Don't worry about me. What are you—'
But then the bed creaks again. Footsteps on the floor. And Dean feels his covers drawn back as Cas slips into the single bed beside him. ‘Cas,’ he says, like: stop, trying to sound half asleep, but then Cas’s thigh bumps his still-hard dick and the desperate sound he makes is fooling nobody.
‘Why are you making a list?’
‘I just mean there’s nothing… nothing I can do? That’s what you’re saying, right? You’re saying I just have to sit here and wait.’
Dean doesn’t touch Cas – can’t, quite – but he reaches out and, just for a moment, grips the sleeve of Cas's shirt, which actually is his, though not for much longer, perhaps. ‘Hang on to this if you want,’ he mutters, and Cas smiles.
‘So, teriyaki. Go.’
Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder and says, ‘Good.’ Then he lets go.
‘Nah, it’s good,’ says Dean. ‘Natalie, anything?’
‘Dean, are you okay? You must be worried.’
Cas wraps his hand around Dean’s dick, and there’s something fumbling about the rolling motion of his wrist, something inarticulate, but fuck, it’s so good. It’s lighter, gentler than how Dean would do it himself, but he can work with it, and then he thinks,
‘Well, I was,’ Dean says snippily. He clears his throat. ‘
‘You were,’ says Cas. ‘It was good. We drank red wine and I asked a lot of questions, like you told me to. She kissed me goodnight when we left.’
Dean has no way to find him, no way to know if he’s okay, if something’s happened. He just has to sit around and wait for Cas to come home.
‘No,’ he says again, more forcefully this time. ‘Course we’ll get it back, Cas, we’ll get your mojo back.’
Sam nods, eyes already closing. There’s a doctor at his bedside, checking his fluids, and he looks up at Dean and smiles; Dean barely noticed him til now, hadn’t seen anything but Sam.
He thinks about saying: man, what the hell was that? But somehow it doesn’t feel fair to ask that question, make Cas tell him. The guy’s only been human twenty minutes, he was just doing – whatever. Dean’s the one who should’ve known better.
‘Read it properly,’ Cas says, though he’s sunk down in the chair with his eyes shut. He sits up when Natalie comes by to say good morning.
Dean pushes his underwear down in one fluid movement. He wants that to be enough, but Cas doesn’t touch him again, and Dean’s thinking,
Cas chews his lip, brow furrowed, dripping onto the floor in his wet clothes with damp hair curling in his eyes, and for a moment, one insane moment, Dean looks back at him and thinks – if I just reached – if I only reached out –
Dean can’t finish that. He looks away. Thinks about reaching for Cas, about asking him not to leave. Just because Sam’s awake, that doesn’t mean he doesn’t need – doesn’t want – and what would happen if he told Cas,
Cas is sitting uneasily today, cut on one side of his ribcage, fresh warding tattoo on the other. It makes Dean feels kind of – culpable. Something. One time, Sammy got a shitty knock-off Action Man from a truckstop, must have been a birthday (was it really called Captain Go? Surely Dean’s made that up?), and Dean broke it on accident. He remembers the horror of seeing Sam’s clean new doll all fucked up because he hadn’t been careful, and that’s kind of how it feels, now, looking at Cas. The guy’s been human less than a week, and it’s Dean’s job to look after him, and he’s not been doing it right.
‘For everything. Not being able to heal Sam. Not having anywhere to go even though I’m – just being here, I’m putting you in danger. I—’
There’s a pause just long enough for Dean to remember the hours and hours of unanswered prayers.
Cas scowls, holds out the pirate book. ‘No,’ he says. ‘Here. Cathleen’s husband-to-be is looking for her. She doesn’t want to marry him without knowing if Marcus is alive.’
She nods sympathetically. ‘No luggage. Listen, I’ll do you a twin for the same price, okay? Don’t tell my manager.’
, and before he knows what’s what, it’s coming out of his mouth, telling Cas how he wants to come, exactly how he wants to be touched, how hard, how fast, and Cas, apt pupil, does it all just the way Dean says.
‘Right.’ Dean nods. ‘Course. I just meant--’
‘You’re just,’ Dean says slowly. ‘I don’t know. Always cold or hurt or whatever.’
‘Did I do something wrong?’ Cas asks, practical rather than hurt. ‘Show me how to do it right. I want – I want you to feel--’
The next morning, Cas doesn’t want to read aloud anymore. His voice is gravelly, even for him. ‘You can read today,’ he says.
‘But I can’t stay like this.’
‘I don’t know what that means.’
Anyway, Cas doesn’t want to stay human, does he? No point dragging some nice girl into all this.
Dean wakes up warm and comfortable, and then everything comes rushing back, panic and disbelief and the wet patch, all at once. He’s half-dressed, needs a shower. And Cas. Fuck. His heart’s beating hard in his chest as he sits up, thinking:
‘Dean.’
‘There was a cemetery, I passed it on the way. A modern-looking one, for soldiers.’
‘Dean?’ Cas says.
be so deeply fucking asleep? And what’s going to happen when he wakes up?
Dean goes down two floors to the café with the good barista and gets flat whites. He’s trying Cas on a different coffee every day, same thing as the chicken, good for him to know what he likes. But when he gets back to Sam’s room, Cas is sitting there dumbstruck, something like panic on his face.
He found a deserted back-lot to leave baby in, somewhere with security cameras but not much foot traffic. It’s a temporary solution, he’s got to drive Crowley back to the bunker at some point, but right now he just needs the problem to shut up and wait. The round trip took so long that he’s missed evening visiting at the hospital and he’s kind of climbing the walls about it, but he doesn’t want to say anything, doesn’t want Cas to see that he’s pissed, he’ll only feel bad about it.
It’s funny that for so much of the time Cas was an angel, Dean thought he looked like just a nerdy little guy in a trenchcoat, but sitting at Sam’s bedside, quiet and patient with the sickly-sweet morning sun on his skin, he looks sort of – holy. Except Cas is as human as they come now, of course.
The girl looks at him properly for the first time. ‘Someone in the hospital?’
‘Nothing unusual? No, uh, local museum or—’
Dean’s sure mustard is going to be a goer – it’s not spicy, but it’s hot, it has a depth of flavour, fits the profile. But Cas chews the ham and mustard sandwich with his head on one side, uncertain.
“I will,” Dean said, glaring at her.
“It’s okay if you’re not,” Sammy said, a small frown on his face.
Dean took advantage of the falter, his tongue flicking out to touch Cas’s and--what the fuck? Cas leaned back, confused. Dean opened his eyes, also confused. “What?” he asked, eyes searching Cas’s for an answer.
“No, I’m Castiel,” Cas smiled.
Cas started walking towards the door with them but stopped when he remembered why he was here in the first place. “Wait, what about Dean?” he questioned.
Dean thoughts wandered back to their blue eyed angel friend as he took a long swig of his black coffee. He felt a small smile spread over his face as he pictured the confused look on the scruffy face when some human trait or tradition didn’t make sense to him. He pictured softly kissing the plump pink lips, running his fingers through his beautiful black hair, questioning the chances of being able to cuddle up next to him as they binged Orange Is The New Black(Dean would have to explain to him the meaning of the title). Before he met the beautiful angel Dean was certain about his sexuality, he had forced down any thoughts or feelings about other boys in any other way than platonic. He still felt slightly uncomfortable thinking of Castiel in that way. Dean wasn’t entirely sure if it was internalized homophobia or the fact that he didn’t know if Cas felt the same way as him. His smile faded to a slight frown at the thought of rejection.
‘He took your
Dean looks at him, trying to work out what that means. He doesn’t look any different from when he left, though Dean’s not sure why he expected him to. ‘She is. You two had plenty to talk about?’
, but there’s a hitch in Cas’s breath on the other end of the line that means he knows what Dean was thinking. ‘Anyway, you don’t even know where you are.’
Ah. Dean nods. He already knew, of course. ‘You’re leaving.’
Natalie starts her round of checks, talking away to Sam the whole time just as though he can hear her, which Dean likes. She’s good at her job. He feels cheerful and easy in himself and relieved, because soon Sam will be better and they’ll be away from here, and he says, ‘Anyone want a coffee?’ full of the joys of spring. Not that it’s spring. Whatever.
It’s all impossible, of course.
‘Why must I?’
Dean shakes his head. ‘What for?’
‘Okay, Cas, that’s great. I know where you are. Listen, I gotta swing by the hospital, check on Sam, but can you be outside the NiteMart at 7pm? I’ll come get you.’
okay?’
Dean coughs. ‘There’s, uh. You can, but you should know we’re not alone.’
about all of them.’
‘He’s in good hands, but it remains very much a question of ‘if’ rather than ‘when’ he’ll wake up. He’s in a coma. Do you understand what that means?’
‘Sure,' says Dean but that sounds bitter. 'No, I get it. I do. It’s just, uh.’
‘He got mugged,’ Dean interrupts. ‘Speaking of, do you know anywhere round here he can get a new phone?’
‘I had the craziest dream,’ is the first thing Sam says, and Dean doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He doesn’t even make a joke. He just walks the two feet from the door to Sam’s bed and grips him by the shoulders, hard enough to bruise.
‘Quarters must’ve run out,’ Dean mutters. But he keeps his phone on the sink the whole time he’s in the shower, so he’ll hear it ring if Cas calls back.
In the quiet that follows, Dean heaves himself out of bed. He slept in all his clothes, ate some food and then just keeled over, like a kid. His legs feel stiff and cold, and there’s something dismal about the dark room that’s making his stomach heavy; but when he pushes the thick curtains back, it’s already getting light outside. Even the oranges and browns don’t look so bad in the sunlight. Probably he just needs a coffee.
Dean’s never stuck around to see a bill arrive; he almost, sometimes, forgets that they do. ‘No, no,’ he interrupts. ‘It’s okay. We’re fine, we can pay.’
Dean looks from Sam to Cas. Sam’s pretty well out of it. ‘That really work?’
‘Okay,’ he says. Then, because he’s been thinking about astronauts, he says, ‘Apollo Eleven took off in the summer of ‘69. It had three men on board, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin, and the other one. Everyone forgets the last guy’s name, so don’t worry about it, you’ll pass as human better if you don’t remember…’
Dean shakes his head. That wasn’t what he meant. But then the line goes dead, and he’s alone with the sound of the machines keeping Sam alive.
‘No,’ Cas says slowly, the word like something unsavoury in his mouth.
Sam gives some approximation of a shrug; not easy, lying down. His eyes are already half shut again. ‘Six marathons,’ he mutters.
In the silence, Cas exhales, and Dean thinks it again:
‘I,’ Cas says slowly, eyes flicking towards Dean. Great, now she’s gonna think Dean’s some kind of monster.
‘Right,’ says Dean. He slumps, sits down in the visitor chair, and then his mind empties out and he’s only a body, nose full of dull clean hospital smells, aching with tiredness and the ghost of adrenalin and with the long, long night of waiting for a doctor to come, and when he got here, this is all he had to say. Be patient. ‘Right,’ Dean says again. Then he closes his eyes and bites down hard on the inside of his cheek. Patience.
‘Do you want another chair?’
When she’s gone, Dean says, trying for casual, ‘Wow, man, guess you’re not oblivious to hot nurses anymore.’
‘Not down here, not at this.’
? If he said he wouldn’t let him go, wouldn’t allow it. His father’s voice:
‘How?’ Dean laughs. ‘Jesus, I don’t know, it just happens. Try not to worry about it. Shut your eyes.’
‘She’s dead.’
Cas doesn’t precisely snore, but there’s some audible quality to his sleep-breathing that’s so profoundly human, it makes Dean feel a kind of tenderness, deep in his belly. Or maybe it’s not about the human thing, maybe it’s just because they fucked, some dumb, Pavlovian, emotional response like a woman in a film. Christ, Winchester, get it together.
There’s a pause on the other end of the line. ‘What do you mean, sick? Is it serious?’
‘How would I know?’
Dean turns and faces him properly. ‘I don’t know, man, what happened? Good? Bad? Change your life?’
‘NiteMart, got it.’
Whatever he realised, he doesn’t say, trailing off into silence. Dean knows he should answer, but something in Cas’s face is stopping him. He feels frozen, fight or flight, and there’s a strange, stuttering pause where he waits for Cas to do what he knows, now, he is going to do.
‘Nobody knows. About Metatron. They all think that I – that I’m—’ Cas sounds wretched.
‘No. She has an early shift, she had to go to bed.’
‘Didn’t you hear what I said?’ Cas’s voice is wretched. ‘Metatron
‘It means are you in the one in Ohio or the one in Massachusetts?’
He puts the wet shoes back on. Might as well go now; Cas will know where to find him.
‘Yeah, I know.’
Which was what Dean wanted in the first place, right? Only it’s made him feel weird, and not because he’s worried about Natalie, though he should be, of course. He reminds himself there’s nothing to feel weird about. This is like the chicken place, the coffee; while he’s human, Cas has to figure out what he likes, who he is.
‘Cas.’
With his other hand, he pushes Cas back hard against the doorframe, holding his bucking hips in place so he can stroke him hard and fast, and then Cas digs the points of all his fingers into Dean’s shoulders, hands up under his shirt against his skin and moans, ‘
‘In a manner of speaking.’
‘Yeah,’ Dean says. ‘Yeah.’
Sam winces. ‘What did I miss?’
For a moment, Dean imagines Cas falling in love with Natalie, staying human, staying here. Imagines Cas moving into her apartment, becoming somebody Dean sees once or twice a year when he’s in the area. It gives him the same stinging, bruise-pressing feeling he had yesterday, the first time he saw Cas looking at her, only somehow he can’t stop thinking about it, imagining the details of their life together, fleshing it out in his mind.
Alone, Dean takes off his wet shoes and socks, wet shirt, hangs it over the heater to dry. The rain’s still beating against the windows. He rubs his hair and face absent-mindedly with a towel, then remembers Cas’s date.
Cas’s breath rattles. ‘Metatron tricked me,’ he says, quick and urgent. ‘It wasn’t angel trials, it was a spell. I wanted you to know.’
Cas meets his eyes.
old.’
Dean figures maybe there was a wait, turns the TV on, channel hops. But twenty minutes pass, half an hour, and still no sign. Eventually he walks down there. It’s starting to get dark and the place is empty, just one or two customers hanging about, waiting. Neither of them are Cas. At the counter, he says, ‘Have you seen a guy in here? Uh, dark hair. Kind of skinny.
He sneaks a glance; Cas has his eyes closed. Quietly, Dean assesses the damage. Nothing but the black eye and the cut. He watches the muscles work in Cas’s throat for a moment. Then, when he’s hanging the shirt up on the showerhead to drip-dry, Cas says, ‘It was another angel.’
‘Hey,’ Dean says, beside him before he’s even thought about it, gripping Cas by the elbow to steady him.
There’s something bleary in Cas’s face, high spots of red in his cheeks, when he says, ‘I feel like I’ve abandoned you.’
‘You want anything from the NiteMart before we get on the road? It’s kind of a long drive.’
Dean forces a laugh. ‘What did you say?’
Back in the bathroom, he tugs the hand-towel from its metal ring on the wall and runs it under the tap. Then he kneels between Cas’s legs. Cas watches him do all this, saying nothing, watches Dean lie a flat palm against his ribcage and dab the cut clean with the towel. If it hurts, he doesn’t react, but Dean still speaks soothingly, as he would to a child. ‘Lucky with this,’ he says softly. ‘It’s not that deep.’
‘What?’ Dean bites out, brain immediately full of: threat, angels, danger, danger.
For a moment, he tries to picture it: touching Cas again. Putting a hand on his jaw, here in this little oasis at the back of the hospital, with an orderly on the phone three feet away, bitching about her mother, and a guy trying to get a crying baby to take a bottle, and – and if he can’t do it here, how could he ever do it in the real world?
Dean thinks of three quips and four genuine questions and none of them come out of his mouth because the image is too arresting, clear in his mind as if he’d seen it, and Dean feels a bite of something deep in his belly that he could absolutely name, but refuses to.
‘Okay,’ Cas says. But he doesn’t look sure.
Weirdly he thinks: Doesn’t something happen to astronauts, their bones, if they spend too long in space? Sam would know. Dean lies down on the other bed, exhausted, knowing he should get up and brush his teeth, take his jeans off, he doesn’t want to sleep in all his clothes again, but for now he can’t be bothered.
He picks his jacket back up and goes out for some food.
and thinks about doing some laundry, but it’s too depressing. He thinks about going out himself, but he feels listless, not in the mood. Then he drinks three whiskies quite fast and wonders if his hair needs cutting. Seems a bad idea, but his hands are restless, he needs something to do with them. In the end, he decides to shave, and that’s what he’s in the middle of when he hears Cas’s key in the door.
Dean groans, but settles down and lets Cas read aloud. His voice when he reads is soft, relaxing, and Dean soon drifts off and dozes. He wakes up after a while to find Cas has stolen his coffee and got to a part about Cathleen’s bosom heaving in her modest dress at the sight of her pirate lover. Dean laughs so hard he nearly falls off his chair.
It’s the same shit Cas was saying last night, like he’s just a weapon, only as good as his use. Dean feels the dull heat of guilt in his belly and reaches out, brash, for Cas’s shoulder, although maybe he’s a little buzzed too, how much have they had? ‘No, man, come on,’ he says, except Cas’s hand is in the way, and he ends up kind of gripping that.
Dean parks outside the NiteMart to wait. It was a long drive, not that he minds, but still, Cas hasn’t called again and it’s been a whole day, long enough to imagine the hundred terrible things that might have happened to him since they spoke, wandering around an unfamiliar town with no money and no mojo.
‘Mr Doherty,’ he says. ‘Your brother has multiple systemic organ failures. He needs expert care.’
The room’s dark and 70s-coloured, browns, burned oranges and these horrible ombre curtains that are somehow both. It’s enough to turn your stomach, not that he has anything in there to throw up. Dean realises he’s starving, and for one bright, sad moment, he thinks of his kitchen at the bunker, clean and silent. He tries to imagine taking Sam back there when he’s better. What do you cook for someone who’s come out of a coma?
‘There’s some – some benches – a green…’
Cas shakes his head. Neither of them speak again for a while. Then when they’ve been driving a while, out under the sodium lights of the freeway, Cas says Dean’s name, and Dean looks over at him, and he looks absolutely ragged.
Dean laughs. Cas has spent all night eating fifteen kinds of chicken with him, has sat by Sam’s hospital bed the last two days and read more articles on eyebrow-bleaching than anyone could possibly be expected to endure. ‘Hell are you talking about?’ says Dean.
‘Cas?’ he says.
‘Well, they are nice.’
Dean looks up from his hands. Cas is watching him, very still. ‘You look like you’re thinking a lot of things,’ he says, and Dean laughs.
‘Dean,’ he says hurriedly. ‘What do I
Sure, that’s fine. Of course he knew.
‘Of course I do,’ Dean snaps, though, does he? He’s seen comas on TV, like when an actor needs a break for a few episodes of a soap opera, but obviously he has no idea what the trials have actually, medically done to Sam’s body.
‘I’m at the hospital now, doc says it’s his, uh. Organs.’ Dean shakes his head. Okay, Doctor Vague. ‘But whatever it is, you can fix it, right? You can help?’
, should say,
It happens late in the day, visiting hours are ending so they agree to meet back at the hotel, Cas getting some food while Dean checks in with one of Sam’s doctors – only when Dean gets back to the orange-brown room, there’s no Cas. And he should have been faster than Dean, the burrito place is just a couple of blocks away.
‘Uh,’ Cas says. ‘I’m by a shop called NiteMart. Without a g or a h.’
Cas smiles thinly, raises a hand in greeting. When he reaches the Impala he says, ‘Hello, Dean.’
Cas swallows. ‘Are you okay?’
‘Ah, great. I’m calling because your brother’s woken up. I’m sure he’d love to see you.’
Evidently, Cas isn’t either. ‘And what?’ he says, lips pursed.
For a while, the two of them eat breakfast in silence, bacon sandwiches in brown paper, bad coffee. Dean sits in his old chair and Cas leans against the windowsill. But after a while, Cas says, ‘We should talk to him.’
‘It’s not that,’ Dean snaps, but then, oddly, the anger drains out of him, and he just feels tired. He leans back against the sink. ‘Okay,’ he says. The shower’s hot now, the little, windowless bathroom starting to fill with steam. One of them should do something about that.
‘Cas,’ he says slowly. ‘I need you here.’
