"Were there any other horses in the barn?" Sherlock queried, his head tilting to one side.  Perhaps  it would be possible to collect samples from a living animal instead.
John laughed.  "Fair enough.  If you cook, I'll handle the cleanup.  And dessert," he added with a wink, his grin growing when Sherlock ducked his chin, feigning bashfulness.
"When you're ready," Donovan interjected, her voice reassuring, even as she shot Sherlock a disgusted look.
Molly bit her lip, then nodded.  "Okay.  If we do that, we should at least have a little bit of time to see the babies at the petting zoo before we have to get back."
"She said that last week when they went out riding, he—Colonel, that's the horse's name—spooked at something she couldn't see.  He reared and slipped and fell."
"I'm fine," Sherlock snapped, willing his traitorous body back to stillness.  "I'm just craving a cigarette.  It's nothing.  Now, what about the stall itself?  Did anybody examine it?  Perhaps to look for the remains of an animal?  Something that might have spooked Devil's Blaze...a snake or scorpion, perhaps?"
"Ahhh...it's the flavored spun sugar in all sorts of colours not found in nature and wrapped around a paper cone?  That stuff," Sherlock added, pointing to a booth that had bags of the aforementioned sweet clothespinned to a line like so many cashmere socks on washing day.
shit-faced," John announced sadly, confirming Sherlock's fear.  John knelt, bringing his face level with Sherock's.  "How did I not see that?" John continued bitterly, shaking his head slowly from side to side before scrubbing one hand over his face.
"Shit.  I didn't even think to warn you about that brown-nosing bootlicker," Edith swore.  "I didn't think he'd be here.  Did he offer you money for tips, Billy?" Edith demanded abruptly, her tone accusatory.
"I don't routinely work with horses," Donovan began, shooting Sherlock a warning look as she pulled a notepad out of her purse and flipped it open to a blank page.  "So apologies if this sounds like a stupid question, but why are you personally skeptical about this actually being rabies?"
"Doesn't telling you about my confidential case files violate some sort of professional code of ethics?" Sherlock asked, shifting slightly in his seat.  The console separating the two seats was too broad for him to 'accidently' bump John's thigh with his own knee, so he settled for conveying guarded interest with the angle of his shoulders.
"Joooohhnnn," Sherlock growled, forcing his eyes open with difficulty and tilting his chin to glare at the smirking vet kneeling between his legs.  "Stop.
.  The Professional Rodeo Cowboy's Association is quite aware of rodeo's historically brutal past, and also that fewer people actually spend time in close proximity to horses or cattle.  They've shifted their focus towards rebranding rodeos as a family-friendly form of entertainment, while simultaneously educating the public about what they entail as part of their long-range business survival plan.  Guidelines regarding rodeo animal welfare for all sanctioned events were implemented in the fifties to help quell some of the abuse claims.  Public perception remains key, however, which is why
"Because it's Molly," John replied without any real heat, fastening his cufflinks.  "Because she's very good at what she does.  Because she puts up with far too much crap from both of us and because she's our friend and deserves to have us sitting in the audience and applauding for her when she's presented with an award for her innovative techniques in the field of post-mortem pathology toxicology identification."
"Shut it," John said, evidently anticipating a dig about his height.  "It's one of the few advantages to being short."  He reached for Sherlock's belt and fly, egged on by Sherlock's increasingly heated breaths.  The sound of the zipper seemed abnormally loud in the quiet air, as did the rustle of fabric as John folded Sherlock's jeans back, allowing Sherlock's penis to bulge outward, its heated length just barely constrained by the fabric of Sherlock's silk briefs.
Sherlock blinked several times in rapid succession, feeling unacceptably stupid as the meaning of John's words suddenly became clear.  He'd overheard similar snippets of conversations at the clubs and parties.  John was using innuendo.
The audience burst into applause as Rose and her accompanist took their bows.  Sherlock clapped along dutifully in a vague belief that the action would somehow appease John, though John almost certainly couldn’t see him.
With a grimace at her watch face, Molly walked faster towards her intended target, paying careful attention to where she placed her boots.  The complicated shadows on the ground made it difficult to spot the tripping hazards that dotted the cracked and fissured pavement, and the last thing she needed was a broken or twisted ankle.  A few moments later she was standing in front of her destination: a large, highly-polished black 4x4 diesel pickup in the far northwest corner of the lot.  It was a decent location, close enough to take advantage of the electrical and plumbing hookups, but far enough away to guarantee the inhabitants a bit of privacy.
"Of course," Sherlock replied.  "He's quiet for the moment.  If you hand me some antiseptic wipes and fresh gloves, I can keep cleaning the worst of the blood off while I wait."
"Fucking gorgeous, Billy," John said simply, his voice soft.  He waved an expansive hand, indicating Sherlock's lanky form.
"Don't you dare!" Sherlock growled, surging upright to wrap both arms around John's hips and making the other man to 'ooph!' in surprise.
In-depth knowledge of tobacco ash had nothing on Sherlock’s mental library of the addresses, operating hours, favors owed, and kitchen escape routes for an innumerable number of London’s eateries.
"Well, that could explain the nausea right there; your pancreas is probably up in arms right about now from having to produce enough insulin to counteract all that sugar you overdosed yourself on.  Dehydration would also explain the dizziness and headache."  Mike captured Sherlock’s hand and placed it palm down on his own.  "Quick pinch," Mike warned, pinching the skin on the back of Sherlock’s hand hard enough to make it tent up.  He released it after a few seconds and they both watched Sherlock’s skin slowly return to its normal position.  "Well, you definitely have poor skin turgor," he reported.
Ninety minutes later, Sherlock was glaring at the computer screen, almost growling in annoyance at the error message displayed on the screen in front of him.  It seldom took him more than a few tries to guess the password of the average individual, but so far 'coffeeaddict,' 'fueledbycaffeine,' 'coffeekitty,' 'kittylovescoffee,' 'coffeecat' had all failed.  'Marguerite_Annie_Johnson,' 'Bass_Reeves,' 'Cora_Parchment,' 'Maya,' 'BlackPanther,' and multiple capitalization variations and assorted other permutations wherein letters were substituted with obvious numbers (3 for e, 0 for o, 1 for l or i, @ for a, or ( for c), had also been rejected.  To makes matters worse, Donovan had set her computer to automatically lock for twenty minutes after a certain number of wrong attempts, adding to Sherlock's rising frustration.
"Yes?" Sherlock replied, his voice ending on an upward pitch, voicing his unspoken question.  He was careful to keep his expression puzzled, giving no evidence that he knew the man's identity.  Simpson obviously wanted something, but was leery of being noticed.  'Playing dumb' was a tried and true method for uncovering an individual's ulterior motives.
"Oh for God's sake," Sherlock growled in disgust.  He lowered his chin and glared at John, frustrated by John's apparent obliviousness.  Surely somebody as...sexually experienced as John was could tell the signals of sexual arousal apart from slight intoxication?  "I.  Am.  Fine."
"They almost certainly could be."  Eyewitness accounts were notably unreliable, but a witness's impressions could still offer valuable insight.  Especially if they were written down almost immediately before the human brain had time to re-write the story.  "I need a copy as soon as you can get me one.  Please," Sherlock added belatedly, recognizing the importance of adhering to social niceties.
The building's interior was just as impressive as the exterior.  The floor was made of green slate tiles, while a gabled ceiling made of aromatic cedar and inset with recessed can lights arched overhead.  An enormous granite-topped, hardwood counter and a living wall planted in variegated shades of green defined the receptionist area.  A small, but industrial-grade Keurig machine sat at the far end of the counter; close enough that clients could easily secure a complimentary beverage while waiting for the staff to process any paperwork.
Sherlock tapped out the fingering for Beethoven's Scherzo on his left thigh as he pondered his next question.  "Besides Doctor Sterndale, Doctor Sawyer, and Doctor Watson, what other vets have you used the past ten to fifteen years?"
, Sherlock noted absently as he turned it over, studiously ignoring the faint tingles that John's touch had left behind.
"So what is this place?" Sherlock asked, climbing out of the truck and tilting his head to look at John.  "Why is it worth a thirty minute drive?"
"Nonsense John," Sherlock scolded, deliberately turning to give John a sultry look over his shoulder.  "Bees don't prick...to prick implies to 'pierce slightly'.  I prefer the term 'impale'."  Sherlock didn't miss the way that John's pupils dilated in response to his statement, or the disappointed sighs from the two women.
Sherlock mused, flinching in sympathy as he watched the rider and his hat go flying in opposite directions.
, not ordering.  His entire demeanor implied that it was Sherlock’s decision as to what happened next.  But Sherlock could see John standing with folded arms and a thunderous expression just behind the doctor’s shoulder as he waited for Sherlock’s response.  Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he watched John back, mentally assessing his options.  As tempting as it was to refuse Stamford’s offer, doing so risked subjecting himself to even further nagging and man-handling from an overreacting, over-protective vet.  Best to lay John’s fears to rest now and get it over with.
"I'd imagine not," Sherlock murmured, slotting the factoid into his mental files about John.  There was always something...
"A decent white—something dry that will suffice for both cooking and drinking with dinner," Sherlock replied, adding a small tub of flaked parmesan and another of butter to his basket.  "Do you have a preference between pinot grigio and sauvignon blanc?  An un-oaked Chardonnay would also work if that is what you prefer..." Sherlock glanced over his shoulder to see John looking at him with an amused expression.  "What?"
Unbidden, a yawn forced itself past Sherlock's lips.  Giving into exhaustion, he powered down his laptop and grabbed one of the spare boxes of nicotine patches he kept in his computer bag before walking into the bedroom.  He tossed the box on the far nightstand and promptly shed his shirt, jeans, and pants, abandoning them on the floor in a heap of crumpled fabric.  He set his mobile down on the closest nightstand, after confirming that it had enough charge to see him through the next two days.
Sherlock shook his head.  "I don't like hard things that have the potential to cut my gums or soft palate."
Sherlock quit struggling to fix John with his most fearsome glare.  "John, if you call me cute, I swear to a god that I don’t believe in that I will replace all of the coffee in your flat with decaf when you least expect it."
Sherlock returned his puzzled look.  "Of course.  I spend most of my time communicating and working with the equine, not humans.  Granted, sometimes the human has to be retaught since it's the human, not the horse, who has the problem."
Sherlock pursed his lips as he closed the attachments and opened the ones relating to Sternsdale and skimmed them rapidly.  Very little in the biographical data was new: emigrated from Zimbabwe, attended Auburn University, unusually high marks in some of the more difficult classes...The bank records were a bit more interesting.  There were a lot of them: business, personal, joint personal, savings and college.  Sterndale was a wealthy man whose financial records included periodic cash withdrawals worth several thousand pounds at regular intervals over the years.
Sherlock glared at the screen, trying to ignore the unpleasant combination of anger, fear and frustration brewing in his throat.  He could almost see the half-teasing, half-defiant expression on John’s face.  John’s ‘Devil-May-Care cockyness wasn’t unfamiliar to him.  He’d encountered the same ballsy, fatalistic attitude in more than a few jockeys who believed that meeting and/or maintaining a specific weight by whatever means possible in order to race was worth the health risks that came with laxative abuse, bulimia, dehydration, and excessive exercise.
"Good girl.  Thank you Brenda," Donovan replied, her tone approving.  She locked eyes with Officer Gregory, Mr. Tregennis and Sherlock in turn.  After receiving confirmation nods from everybody, Donovan pulled the tape recorder a little closer and activated it.  "This is Detective Sally Donovan with the White-Collar Unit of the Amarillo Police Department..." Donovan began, reciting the tedious details about the date and time for the record.  "Joining me in person is Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Equestrian Expert.  Also present by video conference are Officer Gregory of the Flagstaff Arizona Police Department, Brenda Tregennis, and Mortimer Tregennis, her father.  We are meeting to discuss Brenda Tregennis's experience at the Flagstaff Equifest Saddle Series Rodeo when she was attacked and injured by her horse, Cream Soda.  Brenda," Donovan continued, directing her attention back to the teenager and ignoring the other individuals in the room, "you're a barrel racer, yes?"
“Aaaaanndd that’s all, folks!” the announcer ordered as the crowd burst into spontaneous applause.  “Contestants, if you were one of the lucky few that qualified, please report to the judges’ stand for final ranking and prizes.  For those of you that didn’t manage to decorate your steer in time, we appreciate the entertainment you provided and better luck next time.  Our next event will be the Egg Stomp beginning at-”
Sherlock looked over his shoulder to observe the stallion.  Devil's Blaze looked calm enough on the surface—no foot stamping or rearing—but he kept raising his head to scent the air, his ears flicking back and forth in agitation.  Sherlock turned back with a grimace.  "To answer your question, Ms. Ross, progress continues to be slow.  I still haven't been able to touch him, though he did let us hose him down.  I spent an almost an hour in the round pen with him and he spent the entire time either running around the perimeter or threatening to charge me."  Sherlock flexed his fingers, fighting the urge to take out a cigarette.  "I'm continuing to observe him.  His body language continues to alternate between terrified and vicious without any action on my part."
Sherlock grimaced as he read John’s reply.  He’d done so himself.  It was a minor thing, but still embarrassing since he’d failed to research the issue comprehensively.  Fortunately, his persona as an overall rodeo ignominious made the error an easily-overlooked faux pas.  Sherlock tapped his thumb against his phone’s screen, debating on sending John another text when the announcer’s voice blared out again.
"Horses...pets...music…" John paused to clear his throat and take a quick sip of his water before continuing.  "The fact that I'm attracted to you."
does she do with her mustangs?  You mentioned their agility and endurance…Does she use them for polo or racing?"
Sherlock set his teeth and managed an approximate facsimile of a smile.  "Indeed," he replied, stopping at the end of a promisingly-long line.  "Oh," he said abruptly, as if he had just noticed something.
Fine.  He'd play this game a different way.  Especially if he wanted to keep John's attention focused on him and not on the two predatory hens behind him.
Sherlock was in the midst of reading an effusive article praising Doctor Sterndale's care of a ranking bull named Screwball Time who had returned to competition, 'nastier and more aggressive than ever,' when the sound of boots clicking over stone heralded the vet's arrival in person.
"Yes.  They were banned in 1934 when Parliament passed the Protection of Animals Act, one of the numerous laws passed in nineteenth and twentieth century London regarding animal welfare."  Sherlock tipped his head to one side and shrugged.  "Human sensibilities regarding what constitutes as abuse has changed over time, often in relation to how certain behaviors might eventually impact
"You want me to obtain confidential bank information from a wealthy, connected businessman who has no reason to cooperate, based solely on your impressions?" Donovan said slowly, her voice rife with skepticism.
"Standard fouls apply, except you lose all points earned during your current inning.  If you scratch, the other player starts ball-in-hand from the kitchen.  The last few points have to be made from caroms.  We can try it if you like or we can play straight pool instead.  More balls on the table, if that's what you prefer."
"Secretaries are founts of information," Sherlock replied, flicking his left hand dismissively.  "Especially if you play them right."  It wasn't strictly accurate—he'd looked at the desk calendar lying buried under different files and the sticky notes stuck to the edge of Donovan's computer screens—but incriminating somebody else made it less likely that Donovan would assign the blame solely to him.
The sun was setting, turning the turning the sky's sparse clouds different shades of amethyst, gold and blue.
"Right.  That's it."  Frowning his disapproval, John leaned over and plucked the cigarette out of Sherlock's mouth.  He made sure to grab the lighter as well, snapping the lid shut with an emphatic click.  Ignoring Sherlock's scandalized expression, John tucked the confiscated items into his back pocket before taking his seat and fastening his seat belt.  "Shut your mouth, Billy." John said amiably after a moment as he turned the key for the ignition and the well-maintained engine cranked to life. "You look like an indignant otter."
"Got it," Officer Gregory announced after a few moments.  He clicked the files open and adjusted the laptop slightly so that Brenda could see.
"Sorry, sorry!" Molly whispered as she hurried past, resisting the urge to pet noses and rub ears.  "Much as I'd love to stay and admire you all, I don't have time."  With an apologetic air, Molly hurried down the aisle to where the horses from the Triple C Ranch were housed.
Sherlock could see ranch hands moving about purposely, occupied with a variety of tasks despite the miserable outside temperature.  Two men were busy unloading bales of hay from the back of a trailer while an older woman pushed a wheelbarrow full of manure and old straw towards a large pile in the distance.  One of the men, hearing Molly's truck approach, looked up and waved a brief greeting before getting back to work.
John's brows lowered and his jaw flexed.  It was a long moment before he spoke again and when he did, his voice was even more clipped than it already had been.  "There...was also an emergency call I answered at the fairgrounds a few weeks ago.  A fight broke out between several steers and I ended up having to euthanize two of them—one somehow managed to break his neck.  The other got gutted and even if I did somehow manage to sew him up, the peritonitis infection probably would have killed him.  And then Sarah Sawyer had to put down somebody's dog after it got trampled by a yearling bull."
"Of course."  Reaching into her desk, Candii pulled out a key ring decorated with an embossed metal 'F' and tossed to Sherlock, who caught it easily.  "Your lodgings," she explained.  "Follow me."  Standing up, Candii reached over and grabbed a hat from the free-standing rack behind her before striding away.
"Well," Lestrade spluttered, "you know what he's like…he's a bloody good vet…all that practice he's had riding broncos and working at rodeos and all."
"Perhaps.  That was Doctor Früh's assistant at the Bluebonnet Clinic," Donovan announced, shutting down her computer with impressive speed while also juggling the half-drunk coffee, a small digital recorder and her purse.  "Apparently they've gotten some of their panels back.  Doctor Früh wants to talk to Greg and me.  You can come too.  Let's go."
"What sorts of results are you focusing on?" Donovan asked, jotting down Doctor Früh's answers in some convoluted form of personal shorthand.
Which was why it was such a shock when he had abruptly collided with a flagpole and gone sprawling backwards.
"While we were triaging New Scotland Yard, Captain Lestrade made an offhand mention of his horse previously acting uncharacteristically 'spooky' around some bull rides."
"That's one theory," Donovan answered, shooting a sidewise look at Lestrade.  "At this point though, we have too many questions and not enough answers.  I'm hoping that you may be able to help us answer some of those questions."
"So what are you drinking?" John asked when the waitress returned deposited Sherlock's refill on the table.
The obvious affection and concern in John's voice made Sherlock feel ill, but he ruthlessly suppressed the guilt.  Ultimately, the only thing that mattered was The Work.  By hesitating, he was allowing emotions to cloud his mind and worse was the knowledge that Mycroft would never let him hear the end of it if he failed to solve this particular case because of
John licked his lips and looked down to where Sherlock's unmistakable erection was creating a  sizable bulge in the crotch of his jeans.  It matched the one in John’s.  "You mentioned that you were pretty sheltered growing up, Billy..." John remarked, his tone one of speculative scientific interest.  "...and that you didn't do much dating because you've always been devoted to your work...Tell me, Billy…have you ever gotten  sucked off in a pickup truck?"
Molly shook her head.  "No.  Not at all.  I'm going to keep an eye on it, but I think that poultice you prescribed did the trick."
"Now if I've read this wrong and you're not...interested, that's fine," John said hurriedly, raising his chin slightly.  "I like you, but if I'm making you uncomfortable, I'll lay off on the flirting—I know I can come on like a steamroller.  I would like to at least be friends, though, if you're interested, that is.  I wasn't kidding when I said you're amazing.  Whatever you want, though, Billy, it's fine.  It's all fine."
It had taken some work to ensure his clothes looked like something an experienced rancher would wear, but the attention to details added credibility to his cover.  A stone-washed plaid shirt, battered brown Stetson, cowboy boots and a soft northern lilt to his voice completed his transformation from Sherlock Holmes: Consulting Equestrian Expert, to Billy Scott, a reclusive horse whisperer hailing from rural Montana.
Rodeos and cowboys.  Ugh.  Sherlock shuddered at the memory.  His recent experience at the Silver Spur Country and Western Club pub in Liverpool, courtesy of an owner's insistence on 'tekkin him oout for a byte aft'a sevvin me gurl 't ta best place aroound' had been distasteful, to say the least.  He'd been surrounded by whooping, hollering idiots, each determined to belt out the lyrics to insipidly sentimental songs louder than the last.
“Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson said, folding her arms and giving Sherlock a reproving look.  “In all of the years I’ve known you, you’ve never been much for waking up before two in the afternoon on the weekends, but then you came in to help me that Saturday both Philip and Jim called in sick and you haven’t missed a first-Saturday-of-the-month shift since…which happens to be the same day that the Medway Motors Club likes to have their monthly promenade and informal car showing here.  Not that I mind, mind you.  They all have healthy appetites, which is good for business, and I do enjoy seeing the young ones get all excited.  Like those two there,” Mrs. Hudson said, pointing out the slim brunette woman, her tall, prematurely-balding spouse and the boy and girl with them.
the man's eyes tracing the contours of his backside.  Mycroft would no doubt grimace when Anthea brought his attention to the charge for 'Leather Ass...ets' (not to mention the amount he'd spent).  Even with the promised discount the cost was significant, but it was absolutely worth it, Sherlock decided as he hurriedly scrawled his signature on the receipt.  He could easily argue that the expense was work-related.  Besides, Sherlock acknowledged with a private smirk, it suited his fancy to tweak his big brother's nose for sending him to this forsaken hell-hole in the first place.
His circuit finished, Sherlock worked his way to where Devil’s Blaze was currently housed.  He was careful to approach the quarantine paddocks from downwind and remain at a distance, denying the stallion the opportunity to scent him.  A nearby tree provided sufficient shade and was gratifyingly free of underlying debris.  Sherlock leaned up against the smooth trunk, his legs crossed, and pulled out his moleskine notebook so he could make notes on his equine client while unobserved.
“Well…” John drawled, leaning back and spreading his legs slightly.  “I’ll admit, that is a perfectly sound analysis…but I was hoping you’d go…
The trick to getting into most places without permission was acting like one was authorized to be there.  It was impressive how many places he'd accessed over the years using confident posture alone…the staff area of a veterinary lab in New York, the kitchen of a Michelin Guide ranked restaurant in Geneva, Switzerland…race tracks…private clubs…insurance offices…
The excited barking of Bonnie and O'Malley and the accompanying rooster plume of dust heralded the approach of a vehicle, effectively distracting him from his musings.  He reached up to shade his eyes, confirming that yes, it was John Watson arriving to pick him up.  Not that there was any doubt as to the identity of the driver, Sherlock noted, considering that John's approaching velocity in the Humvee was what a saner person would term as 'reckless'.  He ducked inside briefly to fetch his hat and jacket and dump the half-empty mug in the sink.  By the time he'd returned, John had already skidded to a stop and was hopping out of the cab with far more energy than anybody had a right to possess at such an early hour.
hit a horse, but Mom taught me that biting and kicking are the two big no-no behaviors.  She said that I should
Sherlock blinked rapidly as John resumed their interrupted snogging session, completely stunned by the absolute ease with which John had relocated them both.  He knew John had to be strong—most large-animal vets were—but he had to outweigh John by a good two stone of solid muscle and John had picked him up as if he weighed no more than a kitten.  The number of possible sexual positions John's strength could facilitate was dizzying.  He couldn't wait to start experimenting, something Victor had had very little interest in.  He could ride John while John pinned him against a wall and supported his weight, or they could try the cliff diver, where John wrapped his legs around Sherlock's waist and used the muscles in his biceps and triceps to support himself while Sherlock thrust into him from behind.  They could try the see-saw or flying...or the hanging feedbag where he performed fellatio while John suspended his weight from above...or they could try the standing cowboy, which was only fitting considering where they currently were...
Sherlock shoved the file aside with a huff.  Apparently, the pathologist responsible for the equine autopsy hadn't seen fit to run a full hormone panel.  Never mind.  He still had samples from living equines that he could test.  "Look," Sherlock began, launching into his observations rapid-fire, unintimidated by the glaring detective across the desk from him.  "I mentioned previously that I was looking for smoke, and you quipped back with something about fire.  Both Straakr and Melba Toastya were found to have traces of ash in their respiratory system; a highly unusual substance to find, considering the risk a fire presents in a barn.  Brenda Tregennis mentioned that a man was smoking outside the barn—coincidentally around the time that her horse, Cream Soda started acting up.  Brenda also reported a 'weird' smell and that somebody walked by Cream Soda's stall while smoking.  A video online posted by EquineadvoKat of Cream Soda showed the horse acting up in proximity to a lit cigarette, confirming Brenda's testimony.  In my professional experience, most of the equine medications or performance enhancers that I have encountered were administered orally, intramuscularly or intravenously.  But I know I mentioned the possibility of aerosol distribution as a vehicle earlier."  Sherlock leaned forward, his hands gesticulating wildly.  "What if someone figured out a new drug that could be administered via nasal insufflation?  One that drove the targets insane with fear or aggression when inhaled?"
"Yes and no, Mr. Holmes," Candii returned with a thin smile.  "The problem is you, like Detective Donovan, are operating on a common misconception."
"Okay," John said, the relief in his voice evident.  "We can do as much—or as little—as you want, at whatever pace you feel comfortable with.  And for the record, there is
Molly's accent was terrible, Sherlock noted, trying not to wince as he listened to her stumble through introductions in a mixture of Spanish and English with some truly…atrocious verb tenses mixed in.  He decided not to reveal that he was fluent in Spanish.  It was amazing what pieces of information people would let slip when they thought that he couldn't understand them.  He'd solved a case involving horse sperm smuggling in the Philippines that way.  Nobody had suspected the lost tourist in the loud shirt of having an ulterior motive, let alone being fluent in Tagalog.  Sherlock smiled at the memory.  It had been an exciting case and well worth the hassle of traveling across multiple time zones.
Sherlock nodded, recognizing a skillful non-answer.  On both parties' parts.  He hesitated, deciding what to do next.  He could continue to press John for information on Scotty, but there was the chance that it might be misconstrued, resulting in John becoming angry and storming out of the bar in a fit of pique—hardly a satisfactory outcome.
Sherlock studied the menu, noting the prices.  They were slightly on the high side, but not exorbitant—certainly not anywhere near what a restaurant in Greater London might charge—but if what Donovan had said was true, then John was probably accustomed to economizing by only ordering one appetizer.  Sherlock hadn't missed the fact that an order of chips and salsa was one of the cheapest items on the menu.  Ordering two appetizers would be a bit of indulgence and an easy way to impress the other man without
"Is there anything else I should be aware of?" Sherlock mumbled scrubbing the palms of his hands over his face in lieu of his wished-for coffee and drugs.
He still planned on approaching Lestrade about transporting New Scotland Yard to the Triple C.  He was confident that Lestrade would jump at the chance to have an expert work with his partner.  The tricky part would be convincing Candii Ross to agree, once she got back in the country.  The businesswoman obviously hadn’t gotten to where she was by not demanding full value for her money and time.  Ergo, it was highly probable that she would object to Sherlock spending his normal working hours on another horse.  Sherlock pursed his lips in thought.  He would have to make sure to frame his demand in a way that made the potential benefits to Devil's Blaze obvious.  His early attempt to introduce a companion animal in the form of a nanny goat had failed miserably...maybe another horse would be a better choice?  He vaguely remembered that there was an American author that had made the practice famous with the fictional account of an old cart horse named Napoleon and a black stallion racehorse that did his best to kill anything and everything that came near it...not unlike the red stallion in the round pen in front of him.
Dismissing them as irrelevant, Sherlock turned his attention to the next wall and the set of three, elaborately framed diplomas hanging opposite of Ms. Ross's desk.
The truck finally jerked to a halt in a cloud of dust in front of a lit-up barn that had three separate police cars parked in front of it.  The flashing red and blue emergency lights cast a confusing array of coloured shadows over the scene, illuminating the faces of the gawkers that had gathered in response to the excitement.  A combination of bright yellow caution tape and police officers held the press of humanity back.  Even then, Sherlock could see some people holding up their phones up to capture video or photos, no doubt drawn to the possibility of danger and excitement like a moth to a flame.
"You...tried them yourself?" John predictably asked after a long moment, one sandy eyebrow creeping up almost to his hairline.
Tucking his hands casually into his pockets, Sherlock cast his gaze back over the room, analyzing the various objects to see what Sterndale placed a high value on.  Objects of personal pride or value were excellent topics for facilitating further dialogue and were often locate closer to a room's focal point.  His eyes settled on the game trophies lining the walls.
No matter.  The facts didn't lie.  Neither did horses.  Sooner or later he'd find the evidence he sought.
At the end of the hallway, Sterndale opened a door and waved Sherlock and John through into a large corner office, before shutting the door behind himself with an ominous click.  The sound brought to mind the misery of countless childhood meetings with school officials regarding his discipline (or lack thereof).  Sherlock ignored the brief shiver of trepidation that ran down his spine; he was far more interested in the myriad details he could read in the enormous, rectangular room he'd entered.
Fortunately, it was an instinct that savvy trainers knew how to work with.  For a herd-bound animal, the technique was for the horse to spend more time with their primary trainer until the horse viewed the human as a source of safety, authority and enjoyable experiences.  If human/equine bonding time was not an option, other techniques could be used.  Many high-strung race horses tended to have a stable companion to help keep them calm.  Goats were the traditional choice, but ponies, donkeys and even pigs had been used.  Devil's Blaze clearly viewed humans as a threat.  Perhaps if he introduced another animal into the paddock nearby?  Sherlock filed the thought for later contemplation and went back to watching the stallion.
He hadn't played such a cutthroat of 14.1 in years, certainly not since he'd first dropped out of Uni and been cut off by Mummy.  Back then, the tension permeating the smoky air of the seedy bars and underground gambling dens had revolved around money: winning enough to support a drug habit, buy alcohol, fend off debt collectors or perhaps afford a hot meal and a tank of petrol.  The anticipation and strain that had wound itself around the players and audience had been thick enough cut with a metaphorical knife.  He'd become adept at tuning out distractions and focusing on the game.  It was a skill he'd acquired out of necessity.  Playing pool was faster than betting on horse races, and back then, the ability to make his shot in a pub might determine whether he made enough to score a hit, pay his rent, or both.
"—and she said it really got bad after her husband's grandkids came to stay with her for the summer.  She had some thoughts of teaching them to ride, but not with Colonel acting unpredictable," John concluded as he turned into a driveway and stopped in front of a large house.  "Here we are," John added unnecessarily as he scrambled out of the truck.
Mike’s face retained its placid smile, even as John bristled behind him.  "I’ll make it quick," Stamford promised.  "Who’s the current president?"
But he found her flaw of concentrating only on the evidence directly in front of her while failing to study the situation as a whole seriously aggravating.  She was guilty of
Sterndale's lips twitched in a moue of distaste as he gave the proffered limb a perfuctionary shake before releasing it.  He didn't quite wipe his hand off on his trousers, but the clench of his fingers made the urge to do so clear.  "Why are you here?" Sterndale demanded.  "You come into my clinic...You are looking to insult me again?"
Sherlock folded his arms and waited, using his silence and a single raised eyebrow to compel John to talk.  After several long moments, John took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
If it weren’t for the fact that it was anatomically impossible, he would blame the excessive heat and lack of humidity for the detrimental effects on his mind. It almost felt as if his brain was cooking inside his skull. As it was, however, he couldn’t wait to return home. Those that wrote about the glory days of the American Wild West had obviously never experienced the sheer misery of region’s summers.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow in invitation, prompting John to begin regaling him with a lively adventure involving his dog, a neighbor's stolen aluminium crutch, and a rubber duck.
The only good thing that had come of his foray was that he'd found the video that EquineadvoKat—or rather Kitty Riley—had posted—depicting Cream Soda's alleged abuse at the hands of her owner.
An unleashed small dog had escaped from his owner's arms and was nipping at a gelding's heels, oblivious to the fact that a single blow from the gelding's hooves would be fatal.  The gelding was struggling to rear, while the horse's handler desperately tried to control him by pulling down on the lead rope attached to his halter.  The dog's owner, meanwhile, was yelling and waving her arms at the dog in an ineffective effort to make her pet stop barking and to return—actions that were almost certainly adding to the horse's fear.
"That's no problem," the waitress replied.  "Do you want me to see if I can get some extra cheese in place of the bacon?"
Sherlock blinked, abruptly called back to himself.  He was supposed to be flirting and seducing John Watson so he could hack his computer and study his bank balance.  First inconvenient erections at inopportune times, and now thoughts of salival exchange with a relative stranger?  What
"It's doctor's slang for 'shit for brains,'" John whispered back, his blue eyes sparkling with amusement.
Sherlock shook his head; he was skeptical of the quality of Chinese food one might find in Texas and abruptly homesick for the taro-filled Dàbāo from his favorite Chinese restaurant back home.  They were the perfect snack for when he was working and the transport demanded food.  The steamed buns were sweet without being cloying and perfectly sized to provide necessary carbohydrates without weighing him down.  Biting into the tender, puffy dough was also gratifyingly reminiscent of the soft dinner rolls Cook used to make, which Sherlock would snitch, despite Nanny's repeated scoldings about ruining his appetite, (not that it made any difference to his behavior in the end).
Sherlock briefly narrowed his eyes in puzzlement.  John's hesitant tone seemed at odds with his normally confident attitude.  Was it because of Sherlock's huff of frustration?
"Oh I don't know.  I think it's kind of a universal thing for older siblings to be a bit protective of their younger siblings," John replied with a shrug as he swirled his drink around in a slow circle.
The screen resolved to show a young, heavy-set man with ruddy skin, clad in a dark blue, short-sleeved uniform.  His fair hair was cropped close in a buzz cut that emphasized the square shape of his head.  The officer looked from Sherlock to Donovan, visibly trying to figure out who was in charge. "Detective Donovan?" he asked crisply, addressing Sherlock.
"On the contrary," Sherlock replied, returning John's hesitant smile with one of his own.  "I'd love to see your place and the idea of spending time together in private sounds very appealing.  Perhaps we could watch a movie on the sofa?"
Sherlock pursed his lips trying to think of possible venues.  Alcohol might work to lower John's inhibitions and inspire him to answer questions...he would just have to be careful to restrict his own consumption.  "I'm...not one much for watching football on the telly, but I do enjoy billiards," Sherlock answered slowly, thinking of the pleasure to be found in the simple elegance of physics and geometry.
Sherlock ripped open another wipe packet and rubbed the antiseptic cloth over the small puncture wound, cleaning away the small droplet of blood welling from the site, before turning his attention to the larger, bloody grazes on Scotty's legs. Most of them were superficial, but a few would likely scar and there were several that looked deep enough that they might need stitches or butterfly strips.  He was busy wrapping a length of gauze around one of the deeper cuts over Scotty's left front cannon bone when the sound of boots and voices signaled John and Lestrade's return.
"Here, try this," John said, offering Sherlock his glass of beer, which Sherlock accepted gratefully.
“Oh shit,” John wheezed, his knees buckling Sherlock exhaled warm, moist breath through the denim.  Despite the thick barrier, Sherlock could feel the heat and throb of John's erection swelling as he nuzzled against it.  He couldn’t wait to have it in his mouth, all impressive girth and heavy warmth that resulted in the most fascinating reactions depending on what he did with his lips and tongue.
"So what’s your official diagnosis, Doctor?" Sherlock asked, staring at his hand suspiciously.  "Heatstroke?  Like John seems to think?"
*waves at lovely readers* Hey there!  It tickles me to no end to know that there are people enjoying this AU.  My thanks to my usual betas,
"Yes.  Of course," Sherlock stammered in Billy's soft lilt, still mentally cursing his slip up. "I'm sorry.  You were saying?"
The sage green one complimented his eyes beautifully—a facial feature he knew John admired—but it still had an unsightly stain on one sleeve.  The silk aubergine was a bit formal for a 'casual' night in...
"I think so, yes," Sherlock said, forcing himself to cast his gaze over the barn and its occupants one more time on the off chance that something might strike his subconscious as odd.  When nothing interesting registered, he turned back to face John.
"Wednesday?" Sherlock repeated, calculating quickly.  He knew at least two ranch employees left to go to Wednesday evening church services; nobody would blink twice if he left the ranch at the same time.  Especially if he was back before it got extremely late.  "I can do Wednesday."
"Over here John!  Northwest corner, behind the display of mass-produced, overpriced replicas of indigenous cultural artifacts!"
"You want another of the same, hun?" the short, zaftig brunette waitress asked him as she walked by, her hands full of empty plastic tumblers.
"Doctor Anderson, thank you for agreeing to meet with us.  This is Mr. Sherlock Holmes, the expert equine consultant I'm working with," Donovan explained smoothly, turning to indicate Sherlock.  "Mr. Holmes is the man who needs to temporarily use space in your laboratory to do some tests for a case that we are working on.  Sofia Curtis, in Forensics said you would be willing to help me?"
"Ah," Sherlock breathed as he accepted the proffered footwear.  A bag of rosin was tucked into one, and a steel-bristled brush was stored in the other.  Sherlock dumped the contents on the floor, (ignoring John’s indignant noise of protest) in favor of examining the boots themselves.  He held the shaft of one up to his nose and sniffed the interior.  Leather, sweat, saddle oil...and traces of rose and vanilla?  Curious, Sherlock stuck one finger inside, collecting a tiny bit of white powder caking the leather and placed it on his tongue.
His thoroughly satiated cock gave a half-hearted twitch at the memories invoked, before it was covered by Sherlock’s right hand, gentle as a butterfly’s wing on the sensitive skin.
"Is Mike around?  Dr. Stamford, I mean?" Sherlock dimly heard John ask from somewhere above him.  "I know he tends to volunteer for local events."
Sherlock pressed his lips together as he studied the man across the table from him through his lashes.  John's expression and the line of his shoulders were relaxed as he leaned forward over the table, his body angled invitingly towards Sherlock.  The posture allowed Sherlock just the faintest glimpse of the golden hairs dusting John's chest and hinted at the vee between John's well-muscled pectorals.  John's eyes were very blue and very warm in the dim light.  Despite the almost tangible exhaustion radiating from John's posture, his half-lidded gaze managed to be sultry and enticing.  As did the little pink flashes of his tongue as he licked his lips.  It was incredibly distracting and the sight made Sherlock almost want to drag John over to the nearest horizontal surface and devour him.
"Well, Captain Lestrade told them to stand back and the rest of us got our lassos out to help cross-tie Blaze so Doctor Watson could sedate him and remove him from the stall...Doctor Sterndale arrived about an hour later and he and Ms. Ross and Doctor Watson got into a big argument about whether or not Blaze had rabies.  Eventually Owen and George helped get Blaze loaded into a trailer so he could be taken to a clinic and checked out while the police photographed everything and questioned us about where we'd been, what we had seen, if Joe had any enemies.  That's...about it, really."
Opening his eyes, Sherlock stared up at the ceiling, as if the wooden panels could offer him the insight he sought.
Sherlock pulled a disgusted face, belatedly recognizing the pun.  "Right," he said, ignoring Molly's amused expression.  Opening the door, he climbed out of the truck, the heels of his boots sliding slightly on the loose grit and gravel dusting the pavement before he found his balance.  "It's almost ten.  You'd better go.  Text me when you return.  I'll meet you by the entrance gate."
Faster than Sherlock would have thought possible, John darted forward, managing to slide the hypodermic into the gelding's neck without breaking the needle while Scotty's head was turned away.  He smoothly depressed the plunger to administer the sedatives and scrambled back over the stall gate to safety with the empty sharp still in one hand before Sherlock could do more than gasp.
John unearthed himself from the blankets long enough to aim a bleary glare at Sherlock.  “If you plan on smoking, you’d better pick yourself up a bottle of mouthwash.  I don’t fancy my mouth tasting like I licked the bottom of an ashtray.  You might get some more lube, too.”
Sherlock stilled his fingers, embarrassed to have been caught.  He bit his lip frantically trying to think of a way out without offending John again.  "I don't know any of the steps..." Sherlock tried, purposely making his voice hesitant.  "And I don't much care for making a complete arse of myself."
The Hispanic woman, sporting a striking purple mohawk, looked up from the order tag she was finishing, revealing big brown eyes and lips coloured a deep, rich plum.  An eyebrow ring winked above her left eye and a small gold stud glimmered on the right side of her nose.
There was a pause of silence, like the collectively-held breath of a crowd before the starter fired a gun to signal the start of a race, or the appreciative awe of an audience watching the Lipizzaner stallions perform…
"Great!" John exclaimed.  Sherlock could hear the relief and enthusiasm in his voice.  "Do you want to pick a night when I get back—"
"Why potential?" Sherlock asked, recalling 'rank' was the slang term for an extremely high caliber bucking bull; the type that could earn the owner hundreds of thousands of dollars in a single year.
After a few false starts, Sherlock found an online rulebook that listed the standard rodeo payoff places and the percentage calculations used to determine the award per place.  He quickly scrolled through the pages, speed-reading the information provided.
"If he'll let me.  Legs and belly only," Sherlock replied.  "I can't get close enough to him yet to use a sweat scraper."
"Self-taught, mostly.  I can open a can, scramble eggs, boil water and fry stuff in a cast-iron skillet.  That's about it."  John took a sip of his ice water and shrugged.  "Neither my mother nor my grandmother thought men belonged in a kitchen—that was a woman's place, which pissed my sister Harry and me both right off."
"Can it, Holmes," Donovan barked.  "He had no way of knowing you'd be coming, and I doubt you'd have much luck exhuming a dead horse anyway.  Focus on what we
"Ugh.  Seventeen-year-old boys are horrible," Sherlock huffed, his brain supplying a sudden torrent of unpleasant memories of the idiotic, sex-obsessed sixth form boys he'd shared dorm rooms with.
Sherlock felt his eyes widen fractionally at the new information regarding John.  The assembly of dossiers Anthea had supplied had been focused on practical, factual data of the potential suspects: physical descriptions, education and employment information, known addresses, family composition, criminal records and/or potential criminal enterprises.  Messy family histories were usually something Sherlock preferred to avoid—the emotion involved tended to obscure the facts at hand, like grease on a lens.  In this case, however, they might prove fruitful.
"I said I'd gone into the grass to go take a leak, and ended up picking a spot where a baby was hiding...it decided to make a run for it while I was um...pissing."
"I was thinking, under pretty much any other circumstances, this would be a dream come true," John replied, conversationally as he carefully worked the strip of leather out of the zipper’s metal teeth.
John gave a rueful snort.  "Dick.  Bull riding's always been risky.  I mean, two years ago, a guy named Aaron Roy ended up partially paralyzed after getting bucked off and then getting his back stomped on by Gretzky.  Another rider named Will McKinnon almost died last year after taking a hoof to the chest.  Those are just the worst ones I've seen or heard about first-hand.  The papers are full of other wrecks.  You can google them if you want more.  And, of course, everybody's heard of Lane Frost's death—"
"Jesus, you're gorgeous," John rasped, pulling the condom out of his pocket and tearing it open.  At Sherlock's pointed glare between John's mouth, his throbbing cock, and back again, though, John paused and gave him a reproving look.  "Just hold your horses," John mock scolded.  "I'll get there when I'm ready."
Candii snorted.  "More like a friendly word of advice.  Other folks ain't as friendly as us Texans.  You mix egos and beer with your smart mouth and you're liable to start ending up a few teeth short."
"They are and most of them do," Alice retorted cheerfully, swinging the gate closed behind Sherlock and Girandola.  She pushed the brim of her cream-coloured Stetson up to better make eye contact.  "But this is pretty normal," she continued, brown eyes sparkling.  "Think how you would feel if you'd been cooped up in a hot car for hours and hours with your siblings picking on you and no chance to stretch your legs?  You'd probably be stir-crazy too!  Hell, my brothers and I 'bout kicked each other's shins to pieces whenever Momma wasn't watchin'."
"And the second?" Sherlock asked, deciding not to mention that many vets, especially in the racing profession did so on a regular basis.
he'd antagonized any of them to that extent.  Yet.  The waitress was a dead end.  The only person he'd spent any extended amount of time with was John Watson.
Without conscious thought, his mind recalled a mental image of John's naked torso, tanned to the same shade of a perfectly brewed cup of tea with milk by that same sun and slick with sweat.  Sherlock blinked in surprise as his penis gave a twitch of interest in response to the association the word 'tea' had produced.  It wasn't as unpleasant as the word association games he'd been subjected to by different psychiatrists, but it was still distracting.  He glared at the offending organ, willing it back to flaccidity, but his cock apparently had a mind of it's own.  Despite his best efforts at self control, his corpora cavernosa continued to grow and thicken in response to the flood of chemical signals from his hypothalamus, until his fully-engorged penis was bobbing slightly in time with his breathing.  A small bead of precome began to ooze from the tip and make its way very, very slowly down the shaft.
"I told you, I'm an equine rehabilitation expert.  I study body language and minute tells for a living." Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his uninjured hand.  "With horses, it's the difference between me getting injured or potentially killed, or me saving an animal's life.  Humans are marginally safer to deduce—generally the worst they'll do is punch you—and they make an interesting practice case.  I've had years of practice."
John blinked, visibly coming back to himself.  “Right, yeah.  Sorry.”  Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out a foil-wrapped condom and, to Sherlock’s astonishment, rolled it on using nothing but his mouth.
"I see," Candii replied, countering with a sardonically-raised eyebrow.  "Why, exactly, do ya want to bring him here?  An' no cagey pussy-footing, Holmes.  I've been 'round long enough that I can spot it a mile away."
.  Being forced to work with her was aggravating enough, and thus far, she'd proven to be one of the more intelligent authorities he'd been forced to work with.  "Girlfriend?  No…" Sherlock replied absently, as he read Donovan's reply, huffing slightly in aggravation, before slipping his mobile back into his pocket.  He'd reply later.  "I'm not currently involved with anybody."
“Feet hurt,” John explained. “Feels good to be off them, and if you sit down in the dirt here, you run the risk of getting goat heads or cactus spines in your ass, and then you have to drop trou and pull them out.”
John fell silent and blinked rapidly twice, the muscles in his jaw clenching at the unexpected rebuff.  Sherlock meanwhile narrowed his eyes, trying to deduce Sterndale's body language.  His dislike of John Watson was palpable, far beyond a mere professional clash of opinions.
Sherlock's upper lip curled in a sneer and he rolled back over, refusing to look at the pages scattered across the table on sheer principle, all thoughts of leaving London abruptly banished.
"You sure?" John asked skeptically, his expression matching his tone.  "You don't have to if you don't want to…"
When they reached the pen, they found a short, curvy, muscular brunette woman attempting to examine the inflamed sclera of one of the steers that had charged a member of the pickup crew.  The vet’s reflexes were fast, but the way the steer kept tossing its head wasn’t making it easy for her to examine its eye.
As he expected, John reacted to the information by glancing down at the heavy-duty, military grade watch he wore on his left wrist with a worried expression as he noted the time.  John shook his head once, his chin jerking sidewise in negation.  "What?  No.  Just no," John said, his tone firm, brooking no argument.  "Three hours is way too long to go ignoring a potentially busted wrist.  You said Molly?  As in Molly Hooper, employee of Candii Ross?"
"Ahh, that's better," John announced, wrapping one arm around Sherlock's shoulders while his other hand crept into Sherlock's hair.
The stall in question was easy to identify.  Bright yellow tape, printed with the repeating phrase 'police line, do not cross' barred the aisle on both sides.  Sherlock halted outside of the barrier before crouching down to study the floor, sweeping the beam of his torch across in a slow swath.
.  It was an old habit; the ability to practice his violin in his mind was a skill he'd acquired early on.  It had stood him in good stead during the tedium of his Uni lectures, (the ones he hadn't skipped outright, that was), and it was a productive way to pass the time when he had no choice but to sit and wait while he pondered his strategy.
"Oh God, JOHN!" Sherlock shouted, thrashing his head against the back of the seat as his balls tightened, heralding his impending release.  "John, I'm getting close—"
Sherlock lowered the magazine and met Sterndale's eyes, allowing a faint, superior smirk to shape his lips.  "Scott," Sherlock replied, allowing his voice to drop back to its more normal register and emphasizing his consonants so his voice sounded more clipped.  He levered himself smoothly to his feet, seamlessly transitioning from the laidback, approachable slump of 'Billy Scott' to something far more aggressive.  It was easy enough to mimic the testosterone-laden posturing of men confident in their own importance.  He'd seen it displayed by countless so-called peers during his Uni days and the racing industry was no different.
Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat stunned by the sheer brutality on display before him.  The videos he’d watched on YouTube hadn’t done the event justice.  They certainly hadn’t captured the smells, the grunts of pain, or the reactions of the fans around him.  At the rodeo he’d worked with Ross’s crew, he’d been responsible for supervising the horses and making sure nobody interfered with them.  It had been important work, but his position near the holding pens also meant he’d been blocked from actually observing the competition.  He watched the two pickup men drive the bucking horse away from the downed rider and silently cursed John Watson’s refusal to wear a helmet.  The man climbing to his feet had come dangerously close to having his skull kicked in.  The rider, meanwhile, apparently oblivious to his near miss, was reclaiming his hat and stalking towards the gate.  To the casual observer, he looked for all the world like he’d done nothing more than slipped and fallen, instead of being slammed into the dirt by several hundred pounds of angry horseflesh.
He almost whimpered, feeling stretched to his breaking point.  He could kiss John, here and now, and John would probably welcome it…but then he’d be required to stop long before he was satiated in the name of public decency.  It was like standing in the door of P.G.C. Hajenius and being told he could sniff, but not smoke, or sitting in the stands of the Cheltenham racecourse during the National Hunt, but not being allowed to watch.
A pocket of relative stillness caught his eye and Sherlock turned to see Captain Lestrade, standing beside his partner, Scotty.  The man and horse were both in full uniform, ostensibly there for the purpose of crowd control, but the way that the two were posing for pictures with children made it clear that their primary focus for the day was community outreach.  Sherlock spent a minute leaning against a convenient wall, admiring the training that had gone into the dapple-gray mount.  The horse stood calmly with eyes semi-closed and ears relaxed while idiots with yappy dogs walked by and small children shrieked in excitement.  He was about to continue walking when a sudden shout followed by the high-pitched scream of a frightened horse cut through the air.  Sherlock immediately stepped away from the wall.  It was dangerous to be trapped between a solid surface and an angry animal.  The crowd surged back, clearly trying to escape danger.  Through a gap in the parting crowd, Sherlock could see the source of the noise.
"Oh for God's sake," Sherlock bit out, before remembering Donovan's warning and—more importantly—his dependence on Anderson's continued cooperation.  Unlike Mrs. Hudson, he probably wouldn't be able to wheedle himself back into Anderson's good graces with a box of herbal soothers from an old college contact and a bouquet of daisies if he got kicked out.  "Just a moment John, let me move to another room so I can hear you better," Sherlock said, before giving Anderson a curt nod and complying.
John shrugged, his shoulders relaxing as he tilted his head from side to side, clearly debating the merits of Sherlock's explanation.  "It can be pretty lucrative for the winners," he said slowly.  "Pretty much everybody who's in the industry has heard about riders like Paulo Lima or Jess Lockwood, the nineteen-year-old up-and-coming rookie who made over a hundred grand for thirty-two seconds of work last year.  I'd be hard-pressed to think of another blue-collar career that would earn you that much for less than a minute's worth of work, which is one of the reasons bull riding is so popular."
Sherlock pressed his lips together briefly in aggravation before picking up his own glass and following John.  The sooner they got the talking over and done with, the sooner they could get back to the seducing and fornicating portion of the evening.
Mycroft had already sent him a copy of the necropsy report and Doctor Mortimer's records concerning the dead mare, but he hadn't yet read the police report or witness statements.  At the back of the folder were some miscellaneous documents that Donovan had evidently assembled: printouts of newspaper articles mentioning the attack, the aforementioned veterinarian roster and copies of emails she'd exchanged.
The crowd outside had grown Sherlock noted absently as he unlocked John's truck and began rooting around inside, seeking the items the vet had requested.
"I'm not," the blond man replied.  His voice carried a husky undertone that made Sherlock swallow in spite of himself.  Shivers reflexively ran down his spine at the intent look in John's eyes.  "I'm really, really not."
"Oh?" John asked, tilting his head to one side and licking his lips.  "What sorts of things do you normally cook when you aren't making meals for starving cowboys?"
Sherlock shook his head, a mistake he realized belatedly, when the throbbing in his skull abruptly intensified.  "Horses, mostly," Sherlock replied, blinking to clear his gaze again and preparing to stand.  Out of habit, he braced his right hand against the concrete, only to be rewarded with a stab of pain that shot through his wrist as he put pressure on the limb.  Reflexively, Sherlock jerked his arm up off the floor with a hiss, bringing it to his chest where he held it protectively.
John shook his head slightly, just a quick movement as if he were shaking his thoughts back into gear, his expression shifting to one of admiration as he looked at Sherlock with bright eyes.  "That was...amazing," John breathed, his voice infused with warmth and awe.
“I’m…okay,” Sherlock replied, remembering at the last moment to pitch his voice low, his consonants soft. He made to sit up, and immediately there was a warm, strong hand cupping his shoulder and easing him into a sitting position. “I just wasn't watching where I was going…it’s…slippery…here, and I wasn't paying attention.”
Sherlock slid off the bed and padded into the bathroom, his erection leading the way, to look for something that would function as a lubricant.  His eyes fell on his bottle of Moroccanoil Treatment sitting on the edge of the wall-mounted sink.  Ordinarily, he used just a drops at a time to tame his hair into curls, rather than frizz, but beggars couldn't be choosers.
Sherlock didn't consider it a particularly humorous story, but apparently Brenda did because she gave the detective a watery smile.
"Here John," Sherlock said, straightening up slowly, mindful of Scotty's unhappy snorts and whickers.  Lestrade stood on John's right, his anxiety almost palatable, despite his professional demeanor.  A fit-looking older man with a neatly-trimmed white beard stood on John's left.
John simply huffed and rolled his eyes.  "You're one to talk Mike…I've seen you giving toddlers getting their vaccinations.  You okay with this?" John asked, walking over to where Sherlock was waiting.  He held up his hands, showing Sherlock the wrappings he carried.
John paused from where he was adjusting a buckle to look up.  "You remember the gored horse I told you about?"
John was standing outside of the bar's front door, his hands resting on his belt, clearly waiting for something (or someone).  The fact that John had apparently arrived slightly early was a positive sign; it signaled both excitement and anticipation.
Research (and personal experience) taught that there were a variety of ways drugs or other chemical substance might respond to a test, depending on the solvent used for deliquescence and the degree of heat applied.  Some reactions were caustic, even flammable—a reminder that Mycroft periodically brought up, (usually in Mrs. Hudson's presence)—much to Sherlock's chagrin.
Sherlock scooted up further on the bed so that his feet were no longer overhanging the end.  He'd already stripped the antique quilt and top sheet from mattress in a fit ennui.  The freshly-laundered cotton of the bottom sheet felt slightly rough to his skin, accustomed as he was to Egyptian cotton, 1000 thread count, closely woven percale sheets, but the inferior fabric actually worked in his favor.  He could pretend that that he was in John's bed.  Sherlock shifted slightly, allowing the rough cotton to rub against his back, enjoying the slight chafing, as if John had tackled him into the bed in preparation for sexual congress.
the substance his coworkers at the Triple C had been imbibing all this time?  Disgusting.  Tea should
"What was that?  I didn’t hear you," John said, his voice taking on the resonance of ‘Captain Watson’.
John raised an eyebrow, like he couldn't believe why Sherlock was asking.  "Because bars tend to have St. Paddy's Day specials and wearing green is an easy way to show your Irish heritage?"
"In that case, what's the Latin term for attraction to amazing butts?" John asked, reaching down to give Sherlock's bare arse a gentle pat.
Molly flushed and shrugged her shoulders before tucking her hands back into her pockets.  "I told you; he used to be a show horse."
"Nope," John replied, drawing out the word and shaking his head.  His fingers flexed once against Sherlock's hips before relaxing.  "It's fine.  It's all fine," John added with a smile.
Sherlock could have sighed in relief at the anticipation of a hot shower and a few hours of sleep.  It was easy enough to ignore the demands of his transport when he was actively working.  Standing around and waiting was another matter entirely.  The nicotine had helped to somewhat dispel his headache but his shoulders were still tight and sore from the hours he'd spent crammed into a too-small airline seat.
"I'll be fine," Sherlock reassured her, looking up from the mobile screen and giving her his practiced shamming smile.  "I want to spend some time studying the stall where Devil's Blaze was housed the night Straker was killed…see if maybe I spot what could have potentially triggered him.  I also need to pick up a birthday gift for my grandmother.  Her birthday is next month and I thought she'd appreciate something handmade."
Swallowing hard, Sherlock moved over to one of the wall-mounted pool cue racks.  They were not professional quality by any stretch of the imagination, but after a few minutes of searching, he managed to find one that would suffice.  Satisfied, Sherlock turned to see that John had returned to their chosen pool table, a rack in one hand and a tray of balls in the other.
John opened and closed his mouth several times, his face turning an interesting shade of pink.  "Ahh...good to know."  John coughed awkwardly and reached up to rub the back of his neck.  "Right...so to answer your question, erm no.  No, I haven't.  I ran a few more blood tests on the steer I had to euthanise, and I also had the lab run a toxicology on the stomach contents of one of the cattle.  I was hoping that maybe they'd eaten something that the owners had missed, but all tests came back clear.  My job would be a lot easier if Sterndale would cooperate, but that's been a dead end."
Fly zipped and shirt tucked in, Sherlock left the bedroom to brush his teeth and make use of the loo. After a dubious glance at the bright sunlight pouring in through the bath's single window, he opted to apply the sun cream Mrs. Hudson had insisted he pack.
Sherlock let his phone fall into the bed beside him and blinked slowly, trying to better catalogue the sensations his transport was experiencing.  Aftershocks were still running through his frame, making him shiver, but at the same time, he felt ridiculously relaxed, as if he'd spent the last hour under the hands of a talented masseuse, rather than simply manually stimulating his genitalia.  The drying semen on his belly felt oddly cold, as did the sheen of sweat on his chest and Sherlock spent a few minutes wondering why something approximately the same temperature has his own body would feel cold, before the answer came to him.
"So why Sterndale specifically?" Sherlock asked in a sotto voce, his long legs keeping up easily with John's quick stride.  When John turned to look at him, Sherlock shrugged a shoulder.  "I know you mentioned that Sterndale was a cattle specialist and you wanted to consult him because you're a generalist...but there must be some other reason you aren't seeking out another vet.  Especially one that you're...shall we say, not on the best professional terms with?"
"Hmmmm?" John asked, shaking his head and blinking, before turning to look at Sherlock.  "What was that?"
"Better?" John asked, tipping his head to one side as he studied Sherlock's face.  Both of his hands were still gripping Sherlock's biceps with gentle but firm pressure, more solicitous than seductive.
winnings to their agents.  Horse trainers received anywhere from 10% to 12% of what their trainee won.  In a race with a purse of £20,000, the winning horse would receive £12,000, while the jockey earned a gross of £1,200, plus their mount fee.
Sherlock paused, puzzled.  Conventional manners dictated that it was a bit late for a telephone call.  Not that that had ever stopped him before.  He unzipped his coverall and pulled his mobile free of his jacket's inner pocket to see who was calling.
Sherlock rubbed a hand over his face again, trying to think like 'Billy' over the clamor inside his skull.  "You're right," Sherlock agreed, giving Molly a rueful, self-depreciating smile as he sat back up.  "My head hurts and I'm in a bad mood, but I shouldn't be taking it out on you."
"Well hello, hello, hello," John drawled, raising the plastic tumbler filled with some sort of golden-coloured liquor he was cradling in his left hand to salute Sherlock.  "I thought I spotted your fine ass over here, Billy.  Got room for one more?" John asked, with all the subtlety of a gold digger at one of Liverpool's more exclusive clubs.  Without waiting for Sherlock's response, John grabbed an unoccupied chair from a nearby table and spun it around one-handed before straddling it.  It was a neat display of masculine grace that unashamedly drew attention to John's crotch and well-muscled thighs.  Once seated, John folded his forearms on the chair's back, the motion making the corded muscles in his forearms bunch and ripple, all without spilling a drop of his drink.
Time seemed to slow down to treacle-like speed as Sherlock saw John nod to signal his readiness.  Then the massive gate swung open, revealing a horse that was in the process of rearing in the confined space.  Clearly he wasn’t going to waste any time fighting like a mad thing to dislodge the rider clingingly stubbornly to his back.  Speckled Band gave an odd little hop off his back legs, then another, followed by a third.  It was a move that Sherlock would have described as a
The announcer waited for the clapping and cheers to die down before resuming their commentary.  “NEXT UP IS WHAT IS OFTEN REFERRED AS THE BIG PERSON’S EVENT, STEER WRESTLING!  SO IF YOU’RE LOOKING TO WATCH SOME EXTRA BIG AND BUFF COWBOYS, OR MAYBE AN AMAZON OR TWO, YOU ARE IN THE RIGHT PLACE!!!  AND IFFIN YOU DON’T GET ENOUGH ACTION TONIGHT, YOU CAN CATCH OUR CHUTE DOGGING COMPETITION TOMORROW AFTERNOON AT 1:00 PM!!  WHILE WE ARE WAITING FOR OUR COMPETITORS, LET’S TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK THE MANY SPONSORS WE HAVE THAT MAKE THIS AMAZING SHOW POSSIBLE!  PLEASE PUT YER HANDS TOGETHER FOR THE VIVIAN THOMAS CARDIOLOGY HOSPITAL—THE PREMIER FACILITY FOR ALL THINGS WRONG WITH YER TICKER!!!  WE’D ALSO LIKE TO THANK DOCTOR MIKE STAMFORD’S CLINIC FOR ITS ONGOING CARE OF INJURED MEMBERS OF THE RODEO COMMUNITY.  NOW, I’D LIKE TO INTRODUCE MY GOOD FRIEND, FROM WAY OUT WEST IN SANTA FE NEW MEXICO, MISTER BUSTER KEATON, JR, HIMSELF, BUCK MACKAY AND HIS HORSE, CHARLIE!”
"Yes," Sherlock answered, reluctantly slipping back into character.  He smiled.  "I remember you, Doctor Watson.  Thank you again for your help at the fairgrounds."
"Good job on spotting him though," Sherlock added grudgingly.  "Your ability to detect a threat is admirable."
"Tests," Sherlock replied instantly.  "I want to run screenings for some of the more esoteric doping agents I've encountered over the years."
Sherlock flinched as he felt a muscular arm smelling strongly of menthol slip under the armpit that John wasn’t supporting.  The man was taller than John, but even with the unequal height distribution was enough to take most of the weight off of Sherlock’s feet, leaving him feeling oddly vulnerable.
Sherlock dithered between nodding and shaking his head frantically.  Part of him really, really wanted to grind against the sudden, delicious weight against his groin, but if he did, it would likely inhibit John's ability to remove his shirt and he wanted the offending garment
Sherlock blinked twice, recognizing that Molly was going to be a bit harder to gull into forgiving him.  Fortunately, he had other tools he could deploy.  Sherlock deliberately widened his eyes slightly, projecting innocence and sincerity.  "I appreciate you waking me up.  That was really very sweet of you.  Especially since I know you're probably busy."  He gave her another rueful half-smile, allowing his dimples to show.
To Sherlock's relief, the chip in his original phone had been undamaged and transferring it to the new phone had been a fairly straightforward process.  He'd checked his messages during the drive downtown, hoping for a reply from Detective Donovan, but his queue remained frustratingly empty.  Seeing the hesitant look Molly was giving him, Sherlock had returned his phone to his pocket with a mental note to contact the detective again soon, before focusing his attention on Molly.  He'd made sure to pepper her with questions about the scenery and her favourite restaurants and had been rewarded with a great deal of information, most of it useless.  He really didn't care about Molly's responses; it was simply a means to an end to put her at ease and get her into the habit of answering his inquiries.
Sherlock swallowed hard, mesmerized by the glimpse of tanned skin revealed by the low-slung jeans and tight shirt.  "Uh...What do you have?" Sherlock asked, refocusing on the plates he was preparing in an effort to distract himself.
and how badly.  The British Injured Jockeys Fund had paid out over £18m in aid to more than one thousand jockeys since the organization was founded in 1964 following two significant accidents that occurred in the racing industry.  The first was the accident that ended Jockey Tim Brookshaw’s career.  Lucky Dora, the horse he was riding at the time, ran out at the fifth hurdle during a race at Aintree.  The horse died and Brookshaw was partially paralysed.  The second was Jockey Paddy Farrell’s fall from Border Flight at the 15th fence of the Aintree Grand National.  Farrell broke his back, an injury that left him paralysed from the waist, down.
It was the work of a moment to collect his chaps, vest, and the two, additional bottles of ORS that Mike forced on him.  The hallway Mike escorted him down was labeled with the different events: bull riders, steer wrestlers and bull fighters.  The saddleback bronc riders were the second from the end.  Most of the riders inside were taping up, checking their equipment, and conversing in undertones about their draw for the night, upcoming events, and trading gossip, but John was sitting off to one side in stocking feet with his chaps laying on the bench beside him.  He’d changed clothes, applied his eyeliner, and pulled some of his gear out of the rucksack, but that was as far as he gotten in getting ready.  He was leaning forward over his knees, resting his forehead on one hand and clearly lost in thought.
"The mare broke the tie rope," Sherlock said slowly, "she also tried to rear, based on the scuffing.  That's...unusual.  And dangerous."  He tilted his head and flipped back to the image of the mare lying on her side.  "Hmm…"
Unbidden, Sherlock's mind flashed back to memories of his childhood and the misery he'd endured.  The alternating neglect and obsessive coaching of his maternal progenitor hadn't even been the worst of it.  His so-called peers had reveled in the sport of picking on an undersized boy with no friends.  Punching and pinching had proved too dangerous: Sherlock's naturally fair skin bruised easily, painting a canvas of guilt, so they'd learned to use words instead.  Sherlock had been reduced to humiliating tears more than once before he'd learned better control.  His classmates at Bedford had been no better.  The self-defense skills taught by Mr. Knisley and the boxing lessons his family’s gardener had given him had quickly put an end to physical attacks, so they'd resorted to less personally dangerous means: gleefully disrupting his careful clothing indexes, leaving fingerprints on his beloved violin and calling him every variant of 'freak' they could find when the teachers were out of earshot.  It was there, under their tutelage that he’d quickly honed his already razor-sharp tongue to lethal.  It had taken time and no small amount of research, but certain classmates had eventually learned the hard way to Leave.  Him.  Alone.
Sherlock, meanwhile, took advantage of John's preoccupation to lean back in his seat.  His gaze flicked over the vet, taking in the shadows under his eyes, the slightly chapped lips and the worried thumbnail on his left hand.  There was also a coffee stain on the left thigh of John's jeans, barely visible from Sherlock's current vantage point, but present nonetheless.  Taken together, the signs were unmistakable indicators of stress and several late nights.  A guilty conscience, or simple sleep deprivation due to work?
John led them down a narrow staircase to a door marked '211C'.  With a last, hesitant look at Sherlock, John unlocked the door, revealing a tiny, studio flat.
"The Work is never dull," Sherlock corrected sharply.  "It is the most important thing to me.  Nothing else matters."
Donovan nodded slowly, obviously weighing Sherlock's words against her own suspicions as she read through the article.  She picked up her pen and scribbled another note to herself.
From his vantage point in the hallway, he could see John sitting at their table.  The vet was staring down at the table and toying nervously with his empty cup.  The dejected expression stamped on his features was visible even under the brim of his cowboy hat.
Still scowling, Sherlock began attacking the buttons of the red plaid shirt he wore, desperate to remove as many layers as possible.  He couldn't wait to return home to London's cooler temperatures and overcast skies where he didn't bloody well
After several long moments, Sherlock's searching fingers detected two square packets that he recognized as the condoms John favored amongst the jumble of plastic bottles, at least one vibrator, nitrile gloves, and what felt like a pack of wet wipes.
Sherlock took a moment to mull over the description.  Though he had absolutely no sexual attraction to Donovan whatsoever, he was quite aware of the conventional standards of beauty and could extrapolate John's preferences based on the women Sherlock had watched the veterinarian ogling.  Donovan's facial features possessed a pleasing symmetry and she displayed the classical hallmarks of good health: clear skin, shiny hair, bright eyes and well-maintained teeth.  She also valued personal hygiene.  Her current rank and willingness to at least listen to Sherlock were also indicative of her intelligence.  "I suppose she would be considered conventionally attractive," Sherlock replied slowly, "though women aren't really my area."
Nodding to himself, Sherlock used his heel to scratch a mark in the sandy soil of the pen and backed away several feet, before re-approaching the mark.  He adjusted the placement several times to keep his proximity to the stallion the same each time the stallion moved sideways until Devil's Blaze finally stood still.
Sherlock pursed his lips.  He could tell from the faint crinkle in the corner of John's eyes that John had made some reference to sex, but he chose to ignore it.  Honestly, was John even capable of holding a conversation without resorting to innuendo? Sherlock wondered as he shifted to face John more fully.  "Are there any other events you're planning on competing in?"
It was rather nice, actually.  The collie didn't care what he did (or didn't) wear in private, and the little huffs and whimpers and growls she made were surprisingly comforting.  Domestic, even.  She'd taken to kipping at the end of the sofa while Sherlock wandered through the corridors of his mind palace, or occupied himself reading and re-reading his way through reams of information.  It had been years since he'd last had a dog and Sherlock had almost forgotten how pleasant it was to rest his bare feet against warm fur.
“—and part of me is still mad at her because she hasn't changed," James continued as if Sherlock hadn’t spoken, causing Sherlock to sigh mentally.  He thought they’d settled the matter over who was responsible for protecting whom after the whole mess with Moriarity Sr., but apparently not.  He would have to make sure that he and John readdressed the issue with James at some later point.
Sherlock flicked an eyebrow.  There was a story there that went far beyond a simple personality clash.  "Ah, right.  Sorry.  Makes sense.  Professional code of ethics and all."  Sherlock gave Sterndale a ruefully apologetic smile that he hoped came across as convincing enough to sooth Sterndale's clearly ruffled feathers, and purposely changed the topic.  "So, is Buck-N-Grind still competing?  Or is he living out his days in a pasture somewhere fathering the next generation of world class bull?"
"Mmmm...yes.  My...ke needed somebody to play Snooker against and I was the only person available.  I find the simple elegance of physics and geometry soothing."  It wasn't a complete lie...he did find the calculations almost meditative.  Sherlock crouched down so he could better study his line of sight...and found his gaze immediately drawn past the balls on the table to what lay behind them.
"Aww, shame," John said sympathetically, seemingly oblivious to Sherlock’s urgency as he smoothed his palms up and down the inside of Sherlock’s thighs.  "They've got all sorts of flavours: BBQ sauce, mint, Kahlua, chocolate, French vanilla, lemon, Dutch apple pie, mesquite, bacon, smoked sausage…you name it.  They've also got an amazing line of dental dams called 'Tootsie's Twat!  The tag line is 'How many licks does it take?'  These are the best damn products for oral sex on the market.  I should know…I've tried a lot out, over the years," John added with a wink.
Mindful of the day's heat, Sherlock plunged his left hand into the water to check the temperature.  It was tepid, rather than cold.  Satisfied with the temperature, Sherlock opened the blue liter of Gatorade Ms. Ross had supplied him with and upended it into the bucket.  The Gatorade contained valuable electrolytes, something the exhausted stallion would need.  He reached down to pick up the bucket, but a sun-browned hand seized the handle first.
Sherlock pursed his lips as he adjusted the focus again.  A veritable army of counter-protestors was lining the pavement on the opposite side of the street.  The majority seemed to be opposed to the religious groups, if the signage, which ranged from 'Hell must be fabulous' (the last word being printed in rainbow colours and covered in glitter) to the bearded man wearing a white robe and carrying a sign that declared 'no I don't' was any indicator.  So far, he'd counted two different pickup trucks that were slowly circling the block.  One had an external speaker system that was playing clips of Rick Astley's song 'Never Gonna Give You Up' on repeat while the other truck was pulling a trailer occupied by two, alternating troupes of male dancers.  One troupe's costumes comprised of black leather straps and codpieces adored with steel studs and fringe.  A lot of studs.  Concentrated on a comparatively small swatch of fabric.  And blindingly shiny.  Granted, there were corners in London where such outfits wouldn't even cause an eyelid flicker—but here?  In this climate?  Sherlock shook his head in disgust as he watched the syncopated pelvic thrusts in time with the lyrics 'Sorry, I can't hear you, I'm kinda busy'.  Idiots.  The men in question would be lucky if they didn't accidentally cook their genitals through passive radiant heat.  The other dance troupe featured a mix of genders wearing shorts, shirts, rainbow braces and copious amounts of glitter that went flying every time they hit the chorus of 'baby, I was born this way'.  There was also a group of bikers making their presence known a little way down the street.  Rainbow-hued clouds of smoke drifted in the faint breeze as the bikers spun out their tires and performed other tricks to the enthusiastic cheers of their admirers.
John frowned, blinking as he visibly parsed Sherlock's explanation.  "If they weren't sexts," John said slowly, "then what were they?"  He tipped his head to one side, an inscrutable expression on his face as he waited for Sherlock's explanation.
Sherlock looked at the label and grimaced. “No…” Abruptly remembering his manners, he added a strained “thank you. I don’t like Budweiser.”
"Not at all.  I'm always glad to help a colleague out.  What can you tell me about Colonel?  Doctor Watson gave me the basic details, but I'd like to hear it from you."
“Don’t be a dick,” John grunted.  “It was cheap.”  He yawned and snuggled closer.  “Besides,” John continued, “you sure as hell weren’t complaining about the decor last night!”
Sherlock spared a moment of gratitude that Lestrade hadn't frisked him and was thus unaware of the other items secreted inside his coat lining.  Explaining some of the contents would be…awkward.  Especially the ketamine, micro-taser and the zipties…
Sherlock smirked as he slid to his feet.  "I'll keep that in mind...I'm intrigued by the cocktail list...the 'Lock Pick' looked interesting, as did the 'Honey Bee'."
"They...um...apparently made some...less than flattering remarks about gays and lesbians and since Harry was there with a date and they'd been drinking it...got...pretty ugly.  Edith said that John—sorry, Doctor Watson—was absolutely furious by the time they got there.  She said he also chinned one of the officers and got arrested because of it.  Not exactly a romantic evening," Molly had commented ruefully, taking another sip of her drink, "but certainly exciting."
"Yeah, which is quite strange, really.  None of the symptoms matched…but I guess even the best medical professionals can make mistakes?"  The infliction of John's voice indicated that he was having trouble believing his own argument.
Mycroft's smile was thin.  "You can read his notes for yourself.  I do not think I can do his reasoning—if you can call it that—justice."
Donovan chuckled, prompting a weak giggle from Brenda in return.  "So what made you start barrel racing?" Donovan asked, leaning forward slightly, her body language inviting.  "It seems like a dangerous—well, I guess 'hobby' isn't the right word.  Passion, maybe?"  Donovan paused and raised an eyebrow, seeking confirmation.  "Passion, then," Donovan resumed at Brenda's nod.  Was it your mother or…?"
Sherlock blinked, nonplussed.  "Saint Patrick's day is almost a month past.  More importantly, what does an Irish Catholic Saint's holy day have to do with green cowboy hats?"
There was logic to John's statement, even if it wasn't applicable to Sherlock's situation.  "True, but no, she was too busy training."  More accurately, his mother's idea of cooking involved telling Cook what she wanted to have served at the evening meals.  Cooking simply 'wasn't done' by the breed of upper class women the Holmes matriarch embodied.  "My elder brother cooks, though," Sherlock added as an afterthought.
racing and that we take really good care of them.  That's when EquineadvoKat uploaded the video to the group as 'proof'.  I saw it and posted a response explaining that even though I smacked Cream Soda, I wasn't abusing her, I had been using the standard three-second rule to discipline her for trying to kick me...only EquineadvoKat took my words and twisted them...and when I tried to argue, other trolls started joining in..."  Brenda paused to sniff and wipe her face.  "Somebody even uploaded a picture of Cream Soda's body and said it was my fault she was dead, saying even more horrible things...and I realized they must be right...It was my fault—"
“My apologies.  You are correct, Dr. Depeau,” Sterndale replied smoothly, extending her the courtesy he’d denied John.  “A true professional, as always.  What have you ruled out, disease-wise?”
Growing up in the middle of Tornado Alley had given her a lifetime's worth of experience as an amateur meteorologist. It also made her leery of relying solely on the weather reports.  Professional forecasters—no matter how well-intentioned—were prone to exaggerating possible scenarios in the ever-constant bid for better ratings.  Early-morning storms were rare but if the professionals' predictions were to be believed, strong, gusting winds, large-sized hail, flash floods and the potential for tornadoes were all possibilities over the next few hours.  Molly blew out a breath as she analyzed the clouds, reluctantly concluding that in this case the local forecast predictions were probably accurate.
John, by contrast, radiated absolute confidence in his opinion and open honesty, despite the anger thrumming through his frame.  He faced Sterndale with his chin raised, shoulders squared, and fists clenched.  He was balancing lightly on the balls of his feet, clearly prepared to defend his stance—with violence, if necessary.  Undoubtedly Candii Ross had seen the same scenario play out several weeks ago when John spoke up to try and save her horse.  Sherlock felt a stirring in his groin and swallowed hard at the sudden pang of want.
It was illogical, but at the same time, Sherlock felt warmth suffusing him at the realization that John liked him enough to risk calling him up and inviting him out despite the potential for humiliation or at least a blunt brush-off.
It was... nice.  Not earth-shattering, but certainly not unpleasant.  The texture of John's chapped lips against his own, well-moisturized ones was surprisingly pleasing, part of Sherlock's mind distantly noted as he rubbed their lips together.  Pleasing the way the sugar granules on a sugar-topped butter cookie or shortbread were.
Mycroft made a soft, uncomfortable noise deep in his throat and Sherlock's ears perked up at the unexpected break in his elder brother's composure.  Not Christmas—not nearly loud enough—but certainly a minor point scored without any forethought.  "I never would have thought of it, if it weren't for the memoirs of James Herriot," Sherlock reminisced aloud, opening his eyes and looking sideways to study Mycroft's expression; his tone was speculative as he purposely needled his brother.  "Sabotaging a rival's breeding stallion by filling the equine AV with boiling water was certainly a novel approach to guaranteeing that the horse would never again attempt to impreg—"
"Please," Sherlock said, infusing as much gratitude as he could into his request.  "Black, two sugars."
Sherlock took several slow steps forward, until he was almost at the center of the pen, and halted.  If the stallion did decide to bolt, he now had the greatest possible running space around the perimeter of the pen.  Sherlock stood quietly in the hot sun, neither increasing nor decreasing the pressure on the stallion as he waited for the horse to calm down and accept his presence.  He was paying close attention to Devil's Blaze's body language, so he noticed it immediately when the stallion's warning signs shifted from 'frightened' to 'threatening'.
Sherlock nodded in agreement.  Though the rider had managed to tuck his head at the last second, thereby landing on his upper shoulders instead of his neck, he’d still hit the bars on his way down.  His landing produced a plume of dust as his body struck the ground.  The bulldogger lay there for a long moment, both hands pressed to his face, before sitting up and waving away the offer of assistance from one of the medics that had run over when he didn’t immediately start moving.  He wondered if the sight made John apprehensive at all.
"Dick," John said with a laugh, apparently oblivious to the interested looks the two women were giving him.  He leaned forward, the unbuttoned collar of his shirt revealing a tempting slice of golden-bronze skin.  "Or, since you're talking about bees, should that be 'prick'?"
—" Sherlock stressed the word, "—because John Watson is an incredibly competent veterinarian as well as being a compassionate and courageous man.  He deserves to be appreciated for his many admirable character traits, instead of having his value arbitrarily assigned based on the size of his penis and his ability to be a satisfying sexual partner."
.  He could almost hear Mycroft's officious lectures about how caring wasn't an advantage.  Taking advantage of John's distraction, Sherlock reached out, easing his confiscated lighter and cigarette from John's back pocket and returning them to his own.  John didn't even notice, preoccupied as he was with his flirting.
"So what's the other thing?" Sherlock asked, shifting his mobile to his shoulder so he could get another test tube ready.
"Hmmmm…" Sherlock said meditatively.  Brenda had already clarified that she didn't overfeed her horse, but poisoning was still a possibility.  It took several weeks for locoweed poisoning symptoms to manifest, but consumption of hemlock could produce symptoms in as little as an hour, beginning with nervousness and tremors.  "Any sign of muscle tremors or incoordination?  Or perhaps something odd in the hay?"
With a soft noise of satisfaction, John threaded the fingers of his left hand through the curls at the base of Sherlock's skull and tugged, using the pressure of his hand to gently pull Sherlock's head back and to the side.  "Still good?" John asked, ghosting his lips along Sherlock's cheekbones.
While bull-riding was the main focus of gamblers (both professional and not), there was a sizeable community devoted to betting on the outcome of bucking bronco competitions as well.  As Lestrade had said, the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association and some other organizations explicitly opposed gambling by members on event outcomes at any PRCA-sanctioned rodeo.  Others simply prohibited members from placing bets on events in which they had any sort of a personal or professional stake.  Rodeo clowns couldn’t bet on bull-riding events, and horse suppliers and their staff were similarly barred from placing bets on events involving equines.
"Your office.  I want to examine the witness statements before I leave," Sherlock stated, pushing himself to his feet.  Thanks to Mycroft and Anthea, he'd already seen some of the information in Donovan's files, but it was difficult—even for somebody with Sherlock's or Anthea's abilities—to access documents that hadn't been previously uploaded online.
Sterndale touched the back of his neck with his left hand and paused, clearly debating on how to answer Sherlock's question.  He licked his lips once, before meeting Sherlock's gaze.  "As I said, I dislike speaking ill of the dead, Mr. Scott.  To me it seems...unprofessional to slander a business associate...even one that I did not get on with.  That being said, just between us, mind, Joe Straker was not nearly as good at his job, or as...reputable as Candii Ross would like you to believe."
"Is that...wrong?" Sherlock asked hesitantly as he turned back to study John's expression.  John's brow was furrowed in confusion and Sherlock suddenly worried that he might have made a mistake of being too obvious in his desire to investigate.  "I'm just...curious to see the animals that people keep mentioning whenever Joe Straker's name is brought up," he explained, hoping to dispel any potential suspicion.  "You were the one who was lecturing me about the differences between broncos and bucking bulls," he added, shrugging his shoulders in feigned bashfulness.  "You made it sound...interesting."
"I see," Sherlock replied faintly a bit horrified by the torrent of information.  He decided not to mention that he had, in fact done so.  Once.  By accident.  As sensitive as his olfactory nerves and taste receptors were, it was easier to document his results using properly calibrated laboratory equipment.  The worst part hadn't been the taste, (which had been revolting), but Mrs. Hudson's unspoken air of "I told you to label your experiments and not reuse containers, dear" smug superiority.
Brenda drew a shaky breath as she stared down at her lap.  "I've spent months feeling guilty and thinking it was my fault that Cream Soda died," she said slowly.  "If somebody out there
had it been formally executed by a Lipizzaner stallion.  As it was, it had the effect of letting Speckled Band build up extra momentum as he exploded out of the chute in a bastardized version of the
With a soft grunt, John shifted and draped his muscular frame across Sherlock's legs, making Sherlock groan in pleasure at the weight.  John's body was satisfyingly heavy; he could feel it pushing him down into the bed, pinning him in place.  The pressure made him feel safe and sheltered, like one of Mrs. Hudson's good, thick quilts on a cold day or Redbeard's comforting weight on his bed during a thunderstorm when he was a small child.
"Amazing.  Fantastic.  Genius.  Incredible, brilliant, take your pick," John said, leaning forward and resting his folded arms on the table.  "I've been to
of a rider…I'd love to see you in action," Baz murmured to Sherlock, the warmth of his breath tickling Sherlock's ear as he leaned in.  "How 'bout showing me later tonight when I'm free?"
Sherlock let his eyes drift shut, feeling the lack of sleep from the past nine days beginning to catch up.  He seldom bothered to sleep during an ordinary case—it generally didn't take him more than a few hours, perhaps a couple of days to solve most issues.  But the heat and general physical exertion that working with Devil's Blaze demanded made everything different.  To compound the matter, the hours he wasn't working with Blaze or working on his samples in the lab had been devoted to reading photocopies of John’s original, hand-written notes for Devil’s Blaze's medical records and scouring the internet for information about plants that were known to create uncharacteristic aggression in members of the Equus family.  He'd found a few (unverified) reports from South Africa about free-range cattle trying to attack cowboys and trucks while being rounded up, but nothing that seemed worth further investigation.
"Billy Scott, you open your eyes right now!" John ordered, allowing a hint of 'Captain Watson' to slip into his voice, his tone brooking no argument.
“NOW THE STEER’S IN ITS CHUTE.  KESHAWN AND HIS HORSE ARE WAITING IN THE ROPING BOX ON ONE SIDE OF THE CHUTE, WHILE THE HAZER—THAT’S THE PERSON WHO KEEPS THE STEER RUNNING IN A STRAIGHT LINE FOR THE BULLDOGGER—IS IN A ROPING BOX ON THE OTHER SIDE.  YOU PROBABLY CAN’T SEE IT, BUT THERE IS A BREAKAWAY ROPE ATTACHED TO THE STEER THAT STRETCHES ACROSS THE BULLDOGGER’S BOX.  THAT BARRIER IS SO THE STEER GETS A HEAD START.  HAVING A GOOD HORSE THAT KNOWS HOW TO WAIT IS CRUCIAL, BECAUSE IF THE BULLDOGGER BREAKS THAT BARRIER EARLY, IT’S A TEN-SECOND PENALTY ADDED TO THEIR TIME.”
Sherlock ordered his brother's unhelpful projection.  "She sounds like a good person," Sherlock said aloud instead, hoping to integrate himself back into John's good graces.
"I overheard that Candii Ross has agreed to keep Straker's cabin locked and untouched while the investigation is ongoing," Sherlock added.
"Explain it to me then.  Is bronco riding like racing, where the jockey is responsible for supplying their own equipment, with the exception of the silks, which the owner supplies?"
For the sake of his cover, he'd been forced to join the staff at breakfast on Thursday, one of the two communal meals at the ranch that everybody was expected to attend.  He'd hoped it would result in some potentially useful leads, but thus far he'd been disappointed. Even verbal and non-verbal sparring matches with Mycroft or scoldings from Mrs. Hudson regarding the state of his refrigerator would be preferable to enduring repeated conversations about sport team statistics, petrol prices, speculations about the weather, or complaints about various elected officials.  Worse still were the plethora of prying questions he'd received from two female ranch hands.
"Uh huh."  The officer tapped on the radio attached to his shoulder.  "This is Captain Lestrade, calling in from the Tri-State Fairgrounds.  I'd like to be put through to Detective Donovan, please."  There was a pause and Sherlock took the opportunity to continue observing the other man.
“Infectious Bovine Rhinotracheitis.  It’s caused by Bovine Herpesvirus-1.  It can cause a whole host of medical problems,” John explained quietly.  “How can you be certain?” John asked, raising his voice and directing it accusingly towards Sterndale.  “You’re just making an off-the-cuff diagnosis based on a surface eye exam of a single patient.  IBR is a respiratory disease!”
Sherlock frowned and closed his eyes, trying to remember if he'd ever left his drink unattended in John's presence.  Unfortunately, there was no way to tell for certain or not because the data was corrupted.  Most of what happened last night was a blur with a few, fuzzy memories interspersed.  Wrinkling his nose, Sherlock concentrated on assembling the assorted aches and pains of his transport into a coherent whole: his testes ached, but there wasn't any physical soreness elsewhere to indicate anything more...amorous...had happened.  Sherlock gently prodded at his mouth with a forefinger.  There was a small cut on the inside of his lower lip, like he'd bitten it at some point.  They also felt slightly swollen and sensitive, as though they'd been abraded.  He shifted, feeling the slightly tender skin on his shoulders and upper back and when he stretched, he felt the answering throb of slightly bruised muscles.  A fight perhaps?  Perhaps he'd been fallen (or been dropped) on his way to the barn?  Maybe he'd stumbled into a wall at some point?
"If you tell us what we should be looking for, we can arrange for the testing," Doctor Früh offered, coming back on the tail end of Sherlock's announcement.
"Of course she's refusing to meet your eyes!" Donovan shot back, leaning forward to glare at Sherlock.  "She's bloody intimidated by you!  She's a thirteen-year-old girl who's lost her Mum and you just told her that her horse was the reason she kept winning and her father's too cheap to buy her a new one.  That was uncalled for, Holmes; the least you can do is apologize for being a complete arse!"
Sherlock pursed his lips.  "I'll certainly investigate Blaze's incapacitation with that in mind.  Email me a list with the names you suspect.  Now, if you don't mind, I'd like to see Devil's Blaze myself."
"If you vomit on my hat, I’m going to be even more pissed off at you than I am right now," John warned him as they started moving again.
John swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing.  "Ahh...okay," he said, licking his lips.  "We can do that first I guess, if that's what you really want."
decided that you preferred to live elsewhere instead of Baker Street, I too would have worried for your happiness and safety regardless of any reports your Uncle Mycroft supplied me with to reassure me of same.  I also know I would have welcomed any and all letters, cards, or texts that you decided to send me.  I do so already," he added with a crooked smile, thinking of some of their more lively text exchanges.
John pressed his lips together as he watched his friend walk away.  "Right.  So you need socks," he began as he led Sherlock back to the space on the bench, indicating Sherlock should seat himself while John knelt to rummage through his rucksack.
"Hhhhsssss," Sherlock wheezed, breath gone, too shocked to even attempt movement.  He blinked, trying to dispel the stars that had erupted across his occipital lobe, vaguely aware of the throbbing in his skull, arm and shoulder.
"New boots?" an overtly flirtatious voice from a nearby chair suddenly chirped in a nasally twang that immediately put Sherlock's teeth on edge.
After a moment, he cleared his throat and tilted his chin down to meet Sherlock's curious gaze.  John's expressive eyes were soft with post-coital hormones and something much, much warmer.  "I guess it’s because...You told that client of mine that you weren't a hero and maybe you aren't one in the classic sense, but let me tell you this: you are truly one of the most
Sherlock didn't quite growl as he attacked John's fly, but the startled noise that John made it clear that he hadn't anticipated how aggressively Sherlock would remove his remaining clothing.
"Wow," John breathed, his eyes bright.  "Okay...so if you got all that from one look, the fact that you noticed a green hat has to be important somehow.  What happened?"
"Mmm," Donovan hummed noncommittally.  "This is my colleague, Sherlock Holmes.  He'll be joining us for the interview today."
Sherlock shifted slightly on the mattress as he continued to think.  The influx of money and publicity had morphed what had once been a humble, informal showcase of the practical day-to-day skills required by Spanish and Mexican ranch hands into an entertainment industry with a constant thirst for bigger, better, more aggressive animals to feed the audience's need for excitement.  It had resulted in a positive feedback loop between competitors, stock contractors, event organizers, and sponsors.  The competitors wanted animals that would score higher, the stock contractors wanted animals that would earn them money and the event organizers and sponsors wanted a show that people would pay to see.
"Different types of what?" Sherlock asked, accepting the proffered condom and the bottle of lubricant.  He set the bottle off to one side—easily grabbable, but not likely to pop open and spill in the meantime—and began tearing open the condom packet.
"Better," Sherlock said dryly.  "She turned a gelding and a mare out together in a pasture and left them unsupervised."
As they moved around the corral, Sherlock alternated between running directly at the stallion and making loud noises while popping the slack in the rope to frighten him even more, and setting his feet and using his mass and both hands on the lead rope to jerk the stallion's head back around so he was forced to stop.  It was a struggle that he knew would leave him sore later, but it couldn't be helped.  After an intense sixty seconds, Devil's Blaze finally stopped trying to flee.  More importantly, he didn't try to attack.  Sherlock immediately rewarded him by releasing the pressure and giving him a quick rub on the shoulder before leading him back to where they'd started so he could regain sufficient running room and start the entire process over again.
Sherlock looked down at the menu again, frantically trying to decide.  “Raisin toast with poached eggs and grilled tomatoes for me.  A grilled chicken salad, four biscuits with butter and jelly, a slice of apple pie and an All-Star Special, with extra hash browns instead of bacon to go...er...” Sherlock glanced over at the contents of a nearby table occupied by four cowboys.  “Ah...do you think that’s enough food for a bronco rider?”
John led them to an even more secluded corner, far enough away from the bar that they didn't have to worry about the crush of other patrons.  "They give free lessons every week at six," John began, "but you'll catch on almost immediately, considering how good you are at observing people and deducing what they're about to do next."  He gave Sherlock an encouraging look.
Sherlock found himself wondering.  He swallowed, trying—and failing—to suppress his curiosity about the colour.  He knew that the hair on John's arms was golden, but would the hair on his chest be the same shade, or would it be darker?  Bronze perhaps?  Or brown?  And what about the curls around his cock?  Would they be the same golden-grey as his hair, or not?
Contrary to his private expectations, the evening had ended up being surprisingly tolerable.  Molly was an intelligent conversationalist when she wasn't blushing or attempting to flirt awkwardly.
John's shoulders relaxed, but he didn't lay back down.  "Am I now?" John asked instead, ducking his head to watch Sherlock.  His tongue slid out to lick his bottom lip.
"Damned if I know," Lestrade shouted, reluctantly letting go of the rope he'd been holding and walking backwards, all without taking his eyes off his horse.  "Whatever this is, it came on fast.  Before this, I was doing a mounted patrol because of the monthly H & 8th Night Market.  My shift ended at nine, so I cooled Scotty down and put him in an empty stall while I got the trailer ready.  I was standing in line, getting a donut and coffee when Davis paged me with a ten-ninety-one bee in Barn Five.  Said someone reported what sounded like a horse being murdered.  I came back to this," Lestrade concluded, gesturing at the still-rearing, screaming gelding.
With a growl of frustration, Sherlock pulled off his Stetson and dropped it on top of a nearby fence post. Leaning over the split-rail of the corral he began scrubbing his fingers through his sweat-drenched hair in a vain attempt to force his thoughts into some sense of order.
Sherlock suppressed a shudder with effort.  Mummy had been nigh fanatical about Sherlock competing in equestrian sports, crisscrossing the country most weekends during the height of the show season.  Mycroft had often been dragged along as the unwilling accompaniment.  While Mycroft would never stoop to undignified whining or sulking, he'd nevertheless found other ways to...express his displeasure at being forced to spend hours in a motorcar at the behest of somebody else's schedule.
"That's very good," Sherlock declared, passing the glass back.  "I can see why you like it," Sherlock added, licking his lips, a gesture that John mirrored.
"John, please, and you're welcome.  I was glad to do it."  John tipped his head, indicating Sherlock's injured right wrist.  "Speaking of, how's the arm?"
According to his research, the average stock contractor made between sixteen thousand to twenty-six thousand pounds, (twenty-five thousand to forty-thousand dollars), annually supplying livestock for rodeo events.  As an elite supplier, however, Candii Ross earned considerably more.  Her horses were the backbone of her business, and she spared no expense when it came to caring for them.
'That will be more difficult," Doctor Früh pointed out, "considering that Doctor Watson may come to check on New Scotland Yard, but I shall do my best."
Sherlock gave her a thin smile.  "Because, Mrs. Porter, Colonel's behavior changes are due to the fact that Teddy's been overfeeding him."
The clip been so heavily edited, it was practically worthless.  The video had been run through a darkening filter to give it a more ominous atmosphere and set to maudlin, hard rock where the singer urged the listeners to "call my name and save me from the dark."  The shots of Brenda jerking on Cream Soda's halter and Cream Soda's reactions had been slowed down to give them more gravitas, and punctuated several times by still shots of Brenda smacking Cream Soda with the handle of the curry brush.
"Yeah.  He is.  I saw him out back by the ambulance, talkin’ wi’ tha’ paramedics ‘bout fifteen minutes ago.  You want I should grab him?"
“UH OH!!!! UH OHH!  THIS IS WHERE OUR PICKUP MEN EARN THEIR KEEP AND WHY THEY KEEP THEIR LASSOING SKILLS SHARP!” The announcer called as the hapless rider tried to simultaneously keep up with the horse dragging him along, and free his hand.  “HELP IS AT HAND!  NICE AIM!  ALL RIGHT: THE PICKUP MEN HAVE GOT COUNTERFEIT ROPED TO KEEP HIM STILL WHILE HATHERLEY WORKS ON GETTING HIS HAND FREE…OH DEAR…IT LOOKS LIKE HE’S HAVING TO JUMP UP AND DOWN TO GET IT LOOSE—TALK ABOUT SOMETHING BEING RAMMED IN TIGHT…AND HE’S OUT.  NICE JOB, GENTLEMEN!!!!”
The two of them had made very enthusiastic use of that strength and the bathroom door during one round, (much to the annoyance of the person in the next room over).
"Well, just that it's after seven and I'm starving.  I'm sure you are too.  Do you...want to stop somewhere, maybe get a bite to eat?"
"Only if that's what you want," John replied, giving Sherlock a cheerful leer as he topped off both of their glasses with the last of the Chardonnay.  "But speaking of having my way with you—or you with me—we should probably discuss some things first.  That way we know we're on the same page," John added with a nervous cough at Sherlock's raised eyebrow.
"Yeah.  I have," John said with a sigh.  "And sometimes cases where people can't."  A troubled frown flickered his face, tinged with no small amount of bitterness.
"Let me see your files," Sherlock indicated the large manilla folder lying closest to Donovan's phone.  "I'll show you."
At that, the woman paused and looked up, taking in both of them with a quick glance.  "Come in," she said with no preamble, "and shut the door."  Her voice carried a faint, but unmistakable trace of a Cockney accent.
Unfortunately the first thirty seconds inside the bar had been enough to consign his hopes to the dustbin.
"Thanks Billy," John said, surrendering his grip.  "I'm going to listen to his gut first."  John pulled his stethoscope from around his neck and moved to check Scotty's belly.  "I don't
"Understandable." Sherlock shifted in his seat so he could lean one shoulder against the window and raised his left arm along the back of the bench seat.  The movement pulled his plaid shirt taut across his chest, emphasizing the length of his torso and the muscles in his arms.  He uncrossed his legs and spread his knees slightly in a not-so-subtle signal of masculinity and sexual attraction and dropped his chin so that he could gaze up at her through his lashes.  "I'd be glad for your help," Sherlock told Molly softly, with an encouraging smile intended to draw her out.
Sherlock blinked in surprise.  Edith's description of Fitzroy Simpson was quite different from the paper's depiction of the 'heroic rodeo clown' that he'd read previously.
Lestrade looked sad.  "That's that teenage barrel rider in Arizona, right?  My daughter's been talking about her.  She and some of the other members of her 4-H club were talking about trying to do some sort of a fundraiser to help her buy a new horse after she gets out of the hospital."
"Hola Juana," Molly began, giving Sherlock a slightly bashful look as she addressed the cook.  "Aqui es Billy," Molly continued, once she had the other woman's attention, pointing to where Sherlock was standing.
The woman held up an index finger in a wordless 'wait a moment' demand as she she typed, her lips silently moving in what Sherlock easily read as a scathing litany against somebody named 'Barry or 'Perry'.
that was his prerogative.  Still frowning, Sherlock began angrily tapping out his favorite parts from Bartok's
Crossing back, Molly swallowed hard, her nose suddenly registering the coppery tang of blood and the stench of ruptured organs amongst the other smells cigarette smoke, manure and something that smelled a bit like burnt cloves and citronella.  Mindful of the stallion's speed, Molly edged closer, pulling her pocket torch out of her pocket as she did so.   The stallion snorted, backing up into the corner of the stall with flattened ears as she shone the small but powerful light over the horse's body.
Sherlock watched the mare continue to buck, even though her rider was gone.  The mare’s behavior was making it difficult for the pickup men to escort her from the ring, but she wasn’t bucking as though she were frightened.  Her ear position and the motion of her head and tail signaled excitement.  The rodeo announcer appeared to agree with Sherlock’s private assessment.
Sherlock swallowed hard, feeling his gorge rise even as John pulled him back upright with muttered curses.  He leaned Sherlock against a nearby wall for support before crouching down to put the bin to rights.  The thump of the lid as John dropped it back into place sent a puff of air in Sherlock’s direction.  Sherlock gagged, squeezing his eyes closed.  Maybe he shouldn’t have eaten those two fried desserts and half of the candy-floss and ice cream creation he’d purchased earlier with the express intent of antagonizing Mycroft…
“Look-look there,” John ordered, pointing to an animal that was backed up against a corner.  “You see how the steer’s turned sideways?  That’s a broadside threat display directed at the pickup rider’s horse...and that’s probably the third one I’ve seen in the past twenty minutes.  And now it’s lowering its head and pawing like it's fixing to charge...that’s something you tend to see in bulls, not castrated animals.  Something’s got the whole herd on edge.”
"Food," John snapped, pausing in his steps but not turning around.  "I need something to eat.  I'll be back in a bit."
With a watery sniff, Brenda resumed her story.  "I tried to put her away, only that didn't go so well.  She kept acting up.  I wouldn't have even gotten her into her stall if a nice man hadn't helped me lead her in and tie her."
"I did a lot of extra-curricular reading in secondary school," Sherlock replied with a vague wave of one hand, grateful for the brief change of subject.  "The librarian, Mr. Wong, liked me quite a bit.  He was always finding me interesting new books to read."  It was a lie.  In actuality, Mr. Wong would probably have viewed Sherlock as a cross between John Charles Gilkey and Gary McKinnon if Sherlock had been foolish enough to get caught, considering his penchant for using his lock-picking skills to break into the school's library after hours and Mycroft's lessons in coding and human behavior analysis to circumnavigate the internet and computer security protocols Mr. Wong had installed.  "As a result, I speak Latin, can recite the entire periodic table from memory and have memorized the lineage of the Darley Arabian—the stud whose Y chromosomes are now found in over ninety-five percent of all male thoroughbreds, too."
"John, I have been fantasizing about you for weeks," Sherlock confessed, dropping his voice to a husky growl.  It was nothing but the truth.  Sherlock stared down at the man lying prone beneath him and it was all he could do not to drool the way Bonnie did when she found somebody eating one of Juana's tamales or burritos, (which was frequent, since Sherlock had observed that the foods in question were a common component in the lunches of the ranch hands responsible for managing Candii Ross's cattle herds).  John's chest was slick with a thin sheen of perspiration; the tangy, spicy scents of mingled scents of sweat and desire made Sherlock's throat dry with want.  He could also feel the throbbing of John's erect cock against his bollocks through the blasted denim jeans that John still wore, and the sensation was enough to make his cock give an optimistic twitch, (his recent orgasm notwithstanding).  "I fully intend to reciprocate," Sherlock added, giving John's pebbled nipples a quick tweak before leaning forward to mash his lips against John's.  John grunted once, perhaps in surprise, but he quickly parted his lips to welcome Sherlock's tongue.
Sherlock froze, blinking rapidly several times in quick succession before narrowing his eyes to study John's features.  He tipped his head to one side, his lips parting in confusion.  Surely John was mocking him.  Even Mycroft, the older brother young Sherlock had practically worshiped hadn't bothered expressing such sentiments during the rare occasions he returned home during school hols.  At worst, Mycroft had rolled his eyes and advised Sherlock to stiffen his upper lip.  At best, he had commiserated about how it was their misfortune to be stuck living in a world of goldfish and lecture about the advantages of being alone.  Admittedly, his elder brother's advice made logical sense but it wasn't exactly...comforting for a young boy who'd lost his only true friend to cancer the year prior.  All he could read, though, was John's quiet sincerity and perhaps a little anxiety at how long Sherlock had remained silent.  "I know it's fine...but I've never...you are the first person who...I mean…um...thank you," Sherlock finally stammered.  "What you said was, um, good."
“That’s a job you’ll never see me doing,” a grizzled-looking rider in worn clothing sitting at a nearby table interjected.
"She was always pretty hyper.  She loved to run and gave every race her all.  Mom always said that Cream Soda had a lot of heart, which was why she was such a great racer.  Heart is what separates the winners from the quitters."
"The Melba Toastya case," Sherlock repeated.  "It was a suspicious equine death that happened in South Africa in 1986."  Donovan shook her head and Sherlock rolled his eyes.  "Melba Toastya was a champion South African-bred Thoroughbred, conservatively insured for ten million pound sterling, or fifteen million, two hundred twenty-eight thousand, two hundred eighty-six dollars," Sherlock informed her bruskly.  "He had already won the L'Ormarins Queen's Plate and the Tsogo Sun Spirit, and was the favorite slated to win the Durban July Handicap, the largest and most prestigious race on the African continent.  It's an annual event.  Betting can run into the hundreds of millions of South African rands.  The winning purse for that particular race was five hundred thousand rand." Sherlock glanced upward, performing a few quick calculations.  "Converted to American currency, that would have been approximately two hundred eighteen thousand, three hundred forty dollars in 1986.  Adjusted for inflation, that would be the modern day equivalent of a four hundred seventy four thousand, six hundred eighty-eight dollars and ninety-four cents prize purse, give or take several hundred dollars, depending on the exchange rate and inflation calculator used.  The current prize is considerably larger."
Sherlock hesitated, the call of the Work battling with the lure of John’s proximity and the other man’s hopeful expression. After a moment he shrugged, giving in to temptation. "Very well. That sounds acceptable.“
"I want this," Sherlock assured him, relishing the delicious weight of John's body and the feel of John's strong thighs bracketing his own legs.  It was a position that was calling forth all sorts of pleasurable possibilities.  Even better was the fact that their faces were now at the same level.  The moonlight pouring through the window turned John's blond hair silver and made Sherlock's own skin glow alabaster in comparison.  To please himself, Sherlock ran his hands over John's strong shoulders and down his back, enjoying the contrasting sensations of soft, worn cotton and hard muscle underneath his palms.
"Excellent,"  Mike said happily as he handed him his boots.  "There’s a bathroom just around the corner.
The gates slid open smoothly and Molly settled back into her seat.  Shifting back into drive, she pulled forward, the wheels of the small truck rattling over the cattle-guard.
Smirking, Sherlock pocketed two syringes, a handful of antiseptic wipes and several bags.  He tucked a selection of Vacutainer tubes and three scalpels into his right boot.  Swabs and more transport tubes went into his left boot, along with a selection of capped hypodermics with differing needle gauges.  Sherlock closed and locked the truck before hurrying back to the barn with his hat pulled low in an attempt to shield his face.
"Billy?!" John squawked as Sherlock suddenly wound long arms around John's waist and tugged him down off the divider and into his lap.
“Technically I’m off the clock,” John replied, with a lazy grin. “But Greg mentioned you’d been poking around earlier, so I thought I’d swing by and see if I could find you. Beer?” Companionably, John offered him a drink from the sweating bottle he was carrying in his left hand.
"The housekeeper-nee-cook was discussing it with her daughter.  It's amazing how often idiots assume that nobody can understand them if they're conversing in a foreign language," Sherlock explained his tone dry.
“You mentioned something happening to the Hardwicke Holmestead where John spent his childhood summers?” Sherlock asked aloud, deliberately steering his mind away from the unpleasant thoughts of John lying in a hospital bed, of John no longer being able to ride, of John laying still and cold on white satin while a crowd of weeping mourners looked on…
“Exactly,” John concluded with a nod. He tilted his head back, draining the bottle and Sherlock took a moment to admire the clean lines of his throat and the way the muscles moved as he swallowed.
"There," John breathed, resuming his seat, apparently oblivious to the turmoil he'd sown.  "All gone."
"Well maybe she's trying to be clever," Lestrade pointed out.  "Throw you off the scent, or something."
"Stop that," John scolded him.  "You stay here and see if you can spot Molly.  I'm going to run to the gents and get us both a glass of wine, all right?"
"Molly mentioned yesterday that you help run the 'Western Nights' events?" Sherlock commented  as they made their way to the house.   The collie alternated between walking beside them and dashing off ahead of them to sniff at things that caught her interest, her tail wagging like an oversized, furry, plume.
"Just a possible one, a cowhand named Ned Hunter.  He mentioned that he heard raised voices from inside the Bill Cody building around midnight, but we've had trouble nailing down the facts."
John's right eyebrow rose impossibly higher and Sherlock's next conscious thought was challenging John to foreplay was like being sexed to death by a whirlwind.  John hadn't even undone his shirt or gotten Sherlock's trousers off, and the only thing he could think of was the endorphins flooding his system, how ridiculously aroused he was, and the incredibly urgent need to get off.  With great effort, Sherlock managed to raise his head to stare at his sensual tormenter.
"I used to live in Rhodesia, well Zimbabwe now," Sterndale eventually replied, his tone not inviting more discussion on the matter.  "But that was a long time ago."
Sherlock shifted his focus and raised a dubious eyebrow.  "Why?  What makes them different from the other pairs I've tried and subsequently rejected?"
Sherlock blinked.  "Considering the amount of sedatives you recently injected into his system, that is ridiculously high.  What's his respiratory rate?"
Molly shrugged, scuffing the heel of her left boot against the asphalt.  "I guess it's a Southern thing?  I can look it up on my cell, if you'd like?"
"Not quite," Sherlock corrected as he turned his attention to John's neck.  The golden skin was practically begging for a bruise...
The photographs were bleak: a little girl lay on her back in a bed of leaves, her blond hair feathered out in a halo around her round face. Her blue cardigan was neatly buttoned, her pink dress was modestly covering her legs, and her brown galoshes were remarkably clean. A brown satchel lay beside her, the flap closed, but something, a pencil, perhaps? was sticking out from the side.
"I don't wanna wait," Sherlock growled, too frustrated to bother enunciating properly.  He bent his head again eagerly, intending to reclaim John's mouth, only to be thwarted by a sudden, sharp sting of John's palm smacking him in the chest.
“Sorry,” Sherlock muttered, loosening his grip on John’s shoulders.  “Are there any ceremonial duties that you will be required to participate in tonight, such as riding in a closing procession or attending a
John winced.  "They probably wouldn't appreciate you advertising the fact in public, but yeah," he confirmed.
The ranch foreman raised an eyebrow, looking from Sherlock's face to Molly's studied nonchalance.  "Molly?" Nat asked, "I know it's kinda my responsibility, but would you mind giving Billy here a tour?  I've gotta finish up some timesheets in the office," Nat added, jerking a thumb back over her shoulder.
Candii made a contemptuous, sniffing noise.  "Huh.  Ah’ll admit that ah don't much care for the fact that yer talkin' to her, but I guess it don't matter cause I ain't hidin' anything.  Ah only hope that damn Kitty Riley and the rest of those PRESS and SHARK fanatics are some of 'em.  They'd love nothin' more than ta shut me down.  Meanwhile, focusin' on the important stuff—" Candii punctuated the segue with a jerk of her thumb, "—is he gonna be ready for competition again anytime soon?  I've got rodeo organizers that want him bad."
.  Sherlock froze, blinking rapidly, stunned.  He'd been grudgingly impressed by the vet's display of horsemanship earlier.  Bareback riding took skill, even more so on a frightened animal determined to buck or rear.  Not an impossible feat for a bronco riding champion, but still something noteworthy, especially since the vet had managed to calm the horse down through disengagement, rather than drugs.  The careful way the vet had examined the gelding's legs had also been in keeping with the detailed medical notes included in Devil's Blaze's file.  Anthea had made sure to include a head shot of each person she'd assembled a bio on, and the one of John Watson had depicted a short, rather plain man in ordinary, practical clothing: nothing special, nothing to warrant a second look.  Up close, face-to-face however, was a whole different story.
Tilting his head to one side, Sherlock opened his mouth slightly, silently inviting John in.  After a moment, he felt John's tongue began to brush teasingly against his bottom lip before dipping inside.  Feigning shyness, Sherlock returned the gesture.  It was wonderful.  John tasted faintly of wine, and a bit like basil.  It was a heady, tangy combination, made better by the thrumming of John's pulse that he could feel through the thumb that was resting on John's carotid artery.  John clearly took Sherlock's touch as encouragement and responded by deepening the kiss.
Writing smut exercise.  Enjoy if you like, skip if you don't.  Pubic hair colour attributed to the adorable
Sherlock groaned again.  John's mouth was hot and wet and perfect.  Experimentally, he shifted so he could grind his cock against John's.  John responded with a gratifying buck of his hips and tore his mouth away from Sherlock's to utter a harsh
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed even further.  He could see the puddle perfectly well; there was no need for John to insult his observational skills.  "Mockery doesn’t suit you, John...especially when you’re being a hypocrite," Sherlock complained as he concentrated on carefully putting one foot in front of the other to avoid slipping on the wet concrete.
"Just...making conversation.  That's all," John replied with a shrug, giving Sherlock an innocent smile.
The gelding snorted and tossed his head, his ears flicking back and forth rapidly as he watched Sherlock.  Whatever had gotten into him earlier, he was now focusing all of his attention on Sherlock's body language and following his cues.
So, author disclaimer/trigger warning here:  Sherlock is more than a little Not Good in this chapter.  Drugging unsuspecting people's drinks is NOT OKAY, even if it
“Sorry,” the stranger said apologetically. “Hold your hand out,” he instructed. Leaving Sherlock’s arm suspended in midair, he reached up and untied his neckerchief, folding it over several times and making a makeshift compression bandage that he proceeded to wrap around Sherlock’s wrist. “Looks like you got a sprain, if not a break,” he explained. “The compression bandage’ll help stabilize it ‘till you can get it looked at.”
The timbre of John's voice caught Sherlock's attention and he turned slightly to see John watching him, a warm smile on his face.  "That's an utterly unimaginative pickup line, John," Sherlock pointed out, trying, unsuccessfully to suppress the flush of pleasure that John's compliments invoked.
The soft, black, leather followed up the line of his legs, elongating them before joining the belt he wore on his hips, and incidentally forming a frame that showcased both his crotch and accentuated the seat of his blue jeans.  The matching black leather waistcoat similarly hugged his torso, emphasizing the width of his shoulders and the narrowness of his waist.  The weight of the leather wasn't anywhere close to the weight of his beloved wool Belstaff, but the sensation of being wrapped in something was at least passingly familiar, not to mention the soft vest was far more comfortable than the denim jacket he'd been wearing earlier.  It also had the perk of interior zippered pockets to help keep his tools and collection containers safe.
Sherlock obeyed...and promptly squeaked when he felt John place one hand squarely on his bum for support while simultaneously reaching around with the other hand to try and work the zipper’s teeth free.  The sound prompted a jeering laugh from Webb.  Sherlock gave him a scathing look even as he felt his cheeks flush from a combination of embarrassment and arousal.
Sherlock sucked hard, his cheeks hollowing as he bobbed his head slowly up and down, making sure to press his tongue against the throbbing vein along the underside of John's cock.  It was tempting to move faster, but the vengeful part of him wanted to repay John for the sensual torture he'd endured.
"Ladies' mags and anatomy textbooks?" John repeated, shaking his head in disbelief.  "Christ, you're nuttier than a Field's pecan pie factory.  Come'ere, you madman," he ordered with a chuckle, giving Sherlock's hand a gentle tug.
"Oh."  Molly glanced down, a flush of uncomfortable-looking colour darkening her cheeks.  "Is she a client of yours?"
"Is that even anatomically possible without decapitation being involved?" Sherlock asked, his tone one of dry scientific curiosity.  John glanced sideways to meet Sherlock's eyes, his expression puzzled.  Sherlock raised an eyebrow and pursed his lips.  John's mouth twitched and a moment later the two of them were laughing, Sherlock's deeper baritone contrasting with John's boyish snickers.
"Yes," Sherlock replied, forcing himself to relax and not squirm away at the tickling sensation of John's fringe on the nape of his neck.
What was clear was the fact that—for whatever reason—Sterndale wanted Devil's Blaze dead, but telling John was a risk that he couldn't afford until he had more information.  "I have no idea," Sherlock replied aloud, keeping his tone purposely vague.  "I'm a rehabilitation expert, not a detective.  That's a matter for the police."  His phone's text alert chimed, providing a timely distraction from the questions he could see brewing on John's expressive features.  Giving John an apologetic smile, Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled his mobile free, simultaneously flicking his thumb across the screen to unlock and read the latest missive.
"Thanks.  As for you," John continued, addressing Sherlock from somewhere close to equal height.  "Do you still feel like you’re going to throw up?"
“Some did,” John replied vaguely as he continued his laborious typing.  “That’s one of the reasons I don’t think it’s IBR.  The symptoms don’t pan out.”
"He wasn't," Molly corrected him.  "John—I mean Doctor Watson—is now, but he wasn't before.  That was Doctor Sterndale.  Doctor Watson happened to be on site and came running when he heard there was trouble.  He also helped us get Blaze restrained before the police killed him.  Doctor Watson's a rodeo vet," Molly explained at Sherlock's look of deliberate confusion, "so he's got a lot of experience with out-of-control animals."
Sherlock stepped closer to the stall to study the somnolent gelding.  Behind him, he could hear Donovan and Lestrade beginning to discuss the events from the previous night, but he ignored it as irrelevant.  Scotty's condition was far more interesting.
"Something better than 'Oh my darling,' or that drivel called country western?" Sherlock asked, setting the bow down so he could adjust the violin's fine tuners.  The pitch was just slightly flat.  It was probably indiscernible to John, but to Sherlock's trained ear, it was the auditory equivalent of somebody wearing a set of neon orange and lime green jockey silks.  To the shops.
"Why?" Sherlock demanded, obediently fastening his seat belt in response to John's pointed look.  "Unless we have to get out and walk, it shouldn't take us more than thirty minutes to get there.  Surely the rodeo doesn't start for a few hours yet?"
John finally managed to stop coughing and began wiping at his streaming eyes with a bandana he'd apparently kept in his pocket.  "Ugh.  Let's not do that again," John muttered with a sniff.  Still blinking, he looked up to where Sherlock was still hovering beside him indecisively.  John's eyes widened comically as he took in Sherlock's beer-drenched form.  "Oh, Christ, Billy, I'm sorry," John apologized, his face crumpling in dismay.  "Here," John said, grabbing a handful of napkins out of the dispenser and shoving them towards Sherlock.
"Where should I stand?" Sherlock asked in an undertone as he looked around awkwardly at the people around him, suddenly feeling self conscious.  It was one thing to dance in front of John when they were relatively unobserved, it was quite another to do it as part of a crowd.  "And what do I do if I don't know the dance?"
John’s posture went military sharp as he shifted into attention and clenched his jaw.  He cleared his throat, the fingers on one hand opening and closing.  "All right then.  Fine.  I’ll just...go get my gear from check-in.  Mike will know where to find me."  With one last side-eye look at Sherlock, John pivoted on his heels and strode out.
Sherlock's gaze snapped up to meet John's, his erection deflating rapidly as his focus shifted from sex to a case.  John didn't even pause before tossing Sherlock the phone and spinning away to get ready to leave.  Sherlock took a second to thumb it off of speaker mode before answering.  "Define 'loco'," he demanded.
Donovan pursed her lips and turned the tube over several more times, before reluctantly returning the slim plastic vial to Sherlock's possession.  "Fine.  You can have it back, but I want to know the results when you do complete your tests."  She gave Sherlock a pointed look.  "I'm trusting you to work with me, Mr. Holmes—"
Towards the back of the house, the furniture became more utilitarian, but the quality remained high.  The floors also changed: tile and wood giving way to concrete stained a dark colour that was somewhere between dark brown and burgundy.
"Mmmm," Sherlock replied vaguely, already opening the file Donovan had handed him.  He decided to refrain from mentioning Molly's comment about John's presence at the fairgrounds just prior to Devil's Blaze going mad.  He wanted to investigate it in private before Donovan or any other police authorities barged in and took over.  Molly's passing remark about eye inflammation and unusual spookiness in a police horse seemed too suspicious to be purely coincidental, considering the timing and inflamed sclera that Devil's Blaze also exhibited.  If John
Sherlock pressed his palms together and fixed his gaze on Doctor Früh's eyes.  "Most of my work is focused on recognizing subtle doping tells in high-performance horses and then identifying the compounds used.  That is why I was initially hired by Candii Ross.  The observational evidence thus far makes it clear that Devil's Blaze and New Scotland Yard were drugged with something.  In my experience, well-cared-for horses don't suddenly attack their owners for no reason.  At least they don't if their owner has any sense."
"I'm still trying to determine what Devil's Blaze was given and if it could have been something that would have resulted in a delayed reaction.  I'm also wondering how easy it would be for an animal rights activist to cause some sort of mischief."
Wrinkling his nose, Sherlock sidestepped a pile of dog faeces that some irresponsible pet owner had left behind, despite multiple signs politely urging people to clean up after their pets.  The hot air made the already unpleasant smell rank.  London had its own areas with nauseating odours: the public loos in customs, the concentrated stench of bird faeces around certain gardens and the reek of piss and vomit in the tourist or student-saturated alleys around Leicester Square or Stoke Newington, but it was still preferable to the smell of greasy popcorn, engine exhaust and manure that permeated this end of the fairgrounds.
The sleeveless, water-dampened cotton clung to John’s well-muscled torso, highlighting the sculpted ridges of his abs and pectorals, and doing little to obscure the darker buds that marked his nipples. The bronze of his skin glowed in contrast to the sheer white cotton and tight blue denim, while the sun glinted off of the gold hairs on his forearms.
"I was hired by Candii Ross to rehabilitate Devil's Blaze so he could be used in competitions again.  Based on what I've observed thus far, deliberate sabotage, rather than accidental trauma seems the most likely explanation for his behavior."  He purposely left out New Scotland Yard's poisoning: no need to advertise information to unnecessary third parties.  "I know you were questioned by the police and that they no longer consider you a suspect.  Ergo, the saboteur is still out there and I need the police to catch him so I can find out what Devil's Blaze was dosed with.  Finding the culprit would go a long way to clearing your reputation."
"I thought you said Doctor Watson was a decent sort?"  Sherlock had widened his eyes and adopted a concerned expression.  It was an easy enough ploy; people often didn't like answering questions, but few could resist the temptation to contradict somebody.  As expected, Molly blinked and looked horrified at the insinuation.
"Naturally," Sherlock quipped, making sure to keep his steps slow enough that John would feel welcome to accompany him.  "I need to spend at least some time in some shade."
"Naw," John said, shaking his head.  "The venue changes from year to year, depending on which chapter decides to voluntarily succumb to temporary insanity.  Colorado, New Mexico, Las Vegas...One year, the AGRA finals were held in San Francisco, California.  Now
Not bothering to suppress his smirk, Sherlock picked them up.  Donovan had neat handwriting, Sherlock noted with interest as he read through her sentences.  Not quite Copperplate, but her cursive was far tidier than most handwriting samples he'd written over the years; certainly better than his own.  Clearly penmanship had been incorporated into her education and she hadn't balked at it the way he had, Sherlock thought, sparing a fond (if apologetic) thought for Mr. Talbot, his beloved childhood tutor.  With a mental shake, Sherlock returned his focus to the matter at hand.
Sherlock fumbled, almost dropping the cue before he managed to get a good grip.  He could feel the residual warmth radiating from the wood from where John had been holding it.  The heft and John's no-doubt-intentional word choice made the inevitable association rather obvious.  Sherlock looked up to see John watching him, a knowing expression on his face.
Sherlock nodded again, chewing on his bottom lip as he considered both men’s answers.  What Arthur hadn’t mentioned was the ever-present adage of high-risk equestrian events: it wasn’t a matter of
Finally John opened his eyes, pupils enormous in the dim twilight. “You are amazing,” John whispered, running still-trembling fingers over Sherlock’s cheekbones and ending with a gentle tap on Sherlock’s lower lip. Mischievously, Sherlock parted his lips, his tongue flashing out to lick of John’s index finger.
The large slice of condensed-milk-soaked sponge cake had been rich enough to satisfy even Sherlock's sweet tooth.  It was with an almost fiendish grin that he belatedly forwarded the image to his overbearing brother.  It was lunchtime in London.  Hopefully Mycroft would receive the picture as he was sitting down to eat one of his preferred (admittedly healthy, but dull) luncheons of ham ribollita, courgette 'spaghetti' with rocket pesto, prawn panzanella or summer ratatouille salad.
"What tests have you performed thus far?  What samples have you taken?" Sherlock interjected before Donovan could respond.  It annoyed him how much emphasis people put on social niceties when there was a case to solve.  Besides, Donovan would scarcely have the requisite knowledge to even know what questions to ask.  Unlike John.
, Sherlock decided, and also explained why Anthea hadn't included it.  With enough money, it was a fairly straightforward matter for any individual to acquire an honorary doctoral degree without having done a day of the requisite coursework.  Certainly Muntz and Dursley—two particularly loathsome former classmates—had benefited from the practice.
Mycroft's voice was as calm and patient as if he were dealing with a particularly recalcitrant yearling that was refusing to submit to being bridled...or an undisciplined, uncooperative younger brother.  Sherlock's lip curled automatically in response.   "What?" Sherlock demanded, "like it did with that ridiculous case you sent me to investigate in Brisbane a few years ago?"  Sherlock snorted and tossed his head, his dark curls bouncing and catching on the velvet nap of the pillow underneath his cheek.  "Any halfway observant idiot should have been capable of detecting a stolen horse that had been painted in a pathetic attempt at disguising it.  Just as they should have also noticed when said stolen horse was substituted for another in a prestigious race.  Oh, and quit using your horseman's voice on me," Sherlock added as an afterthought, closing his eyes again.
"Um, Brenda, I guess," the teenager mumbled after a long moment.  She sniffed loudly and began to scrub the handkerchief over her face, smearing the still-glistening tear tracks into a snotty mess across her cheeks.
"Look, I'm told you before and I'll tell you again," Lestrade began heatedly.  "John's a good man.  And my friend.  He wouldn't do anything to hurt a horse—"
"Oooookay," John said, his skepticism evident.  "In that case...what favors to you like?  Licorice?  Orange?  Ummm...Amaretto?  Peach?"
attempting to score more sensational footage for her website.  The choice of a behind-the-scenes location also made sense.  If one wanted to do something illegal, the fewer witnesses, the better.
"Oi!  Stereotypes and all that, don't be rude," John mock-scolded, wagging a finger as he watched Sherlock check the pitch of the re-tuned strings.  "There are a lot of people in Texas that don't go in for Toby Keith, or worse, Bocephus.  Hell, up in Kansas every year, there's a really big folk festival that attracts people from as far away as Japan because of the world-class musicians that get hired to perform there, not to mention all of the instrument championships."
The words had the desired effect.  Sherlock could visibly see John's shoulders relaxing as John turned to face him, a wry smile creasing his face.  "Much as I love the idea, we'll probably have to wait until we're back at my place."
Molly blinked, obviously startled by the sudden change in Sherlock's tone and demeanor.  "Um...well, it...um...kind of depends on what you want to know," she stammered.
"Hey Molly!  Can you come take a look at this cut on Tetry's leg?" Owen yelled from behind them.  "It looks like one of the other horses may have kicked her."
Captain Lestrade was cautious, which wasn't unexpected.  Police officers the world over seemed to have 'constant vigilance!' drilled into their heads—the ones that were trained, and not simply thugs-for-hire.  He was clearly skeptical of Sherlock's presence and his explanation.  Another indicator of his probable intelligence.  The copy of the report that Mycroft had included in the files had been surprisingly well written and refreshingly free of subjective statements and melodramatic prose.  Legible handwriting had outlined an impressive amount of relevant detail, including dates, times, and witness names.  Medications and codes had been spelled out instead of abbreviated.  Hearsay statements had been clearly identified as such.  There were also direct quotes from witnesses, including one from a paramedic who'd described the inside of the stall as "something straight out of 'Carrie' if Quentin Tarantino did a 'Kill Bill' style remake," (whatever that was).
Next was his hair: conditioner first to smooth everything and keep his curls from tangling so horribly, then shampoo, then another round of conditioner, paying close attention to the ends.  The reverse washing pattern kept his hair from drying out, with the added benefit of keeping it more manageable when it eventually dried.
"Ah.  Well, since Ms. Ross stressed the importance of keeping unauthorized parties away from her horses, who should I keep an eye out for?  What if somebody tries to sneak in?  How do I tell which persons are legitimate employees?"  It was an obvious question, with an obvious solution, but asking it would fit his character.
Fifteen minutes later, they turned off the highway and began making their way down a long, winding driveway paved with gravel.
"Oh God yes," John growled, accepting the dare.  He stepped forward, fisting both hands in the front placket of Sherlock's shirt to tug Sherlock forward and down while simultaneously rising up on the balls of his feet so he could claim Sherlock's lips in a rough kiss.
"Oh."  Sherlock looked down at his sweaty, dusty, hair-covered clothes and flushed in embarrassment.  Apparently, the lack of sleep was starting to affect his cognitive ability.  Perhaps he should have taken that catnap two days ago.  "Ahhh...sorry.  If give me twenty minutes, I can freshen up and be ready to go."
"Me...Ms. Ross, and Doctor Sterndale, well, until Ms. Ross fired him, that is.  Other people will be here when a mare's foaling, or if semen is being collected, but other than that, we keep it locked."
Hello there, and/or welcome back (whichever is appropriate).  To quote Ed Gruberman of 'Ti Kwan Leep fame, "finally, some action!"
Mrs. Porter shook her head.  "Only Teddy.  He keeps sayin' he wants to be a cowboy when he grows up.  The other two are too busy with their gadgets to bother learning how to ride."
“I don’t believe that will be necessary,” Sherlock managed to whisper back as he watched the troublesome employee vanish into the clot of people standing near the fence.  “Let’s go.”
Devil's Blaze wasn't panicking yet, but over the past month, Sherlock had accumulated a healthy respect for how fast the stallion could switch zones.
John merely raised an eyebrow and gave Sherlock a pointed look that simultaneously communicated that Sherlock was both an idiot and adorably naive.
The change in position put John's head slightly above Sherlock's which, in itself, was something of a novelty.  Sherlock looked up and blinked, curious about what John would do next.  His question was answered when John reached over to pluck Sherlock's hat from his head.
A sudden gust of cold air rushed in, bringing with it the smell of diesel exhaust, livestock, and dust.  It tore across the dark parking lot, whipping up dust devils with dragging trash and the occasional tumbleweed in its wake.  The detritus skittered across the cracked asphalt.  The rattle and scrape of empty aluminum cans were joined by the irregular, bouncing thump of oversized Styrofoam cups that had previously contained sodas or other smuggled-in beverages.
"Oh piss off!" Sherlock groaned, trying to make his voice sound sharp and commanding, but even to his own ears, it came out sounding weak and ineffective.  He flopped back on the cot, flinching slightly at the unexpected twinge of raw skin before he pulled the inferior poly-fill pillow over his face.  It was a tactic that had worked well enough against his previous flatmates.
There were the expected volumes on veterinary medicine and animal anatomy: Smith's 'Large Animal Internal Medicine' sat next to the 7th, 8th, 9th and 10th editon copies of the 'Merck Veterinary Manual'.  A copy of Veranus A. Moore's 'The Pathology and Differential Diagnosis of Infectious Diseases of Animals,' first published in 1902 was also present.  Other shelves contained multiple editions of different drug handbooks and drug interaction guides.  There were also several shelves full of volumes about medicinal and toxic plants; some were printed and bound copies of works published by agricultural universities, spanning multiple states.  Others were clearly targeted to a broader audience.
"That's a shame…," John commented, leaning forward so he could trace his tongue enticingly along the shell of Sherlock's left ear.  He nipped it, only to soothe the sting with a flick of his tongue, and then pulled back so he could stare Sherlock in the eyes.  "It's kind of a rite of passage around here," John added in a husky voice that was full of promise.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked, tilting his head and giving John a coy look through his lashes.  “Whatever did you have in mind?”
There were twenty of them, mingling together in a temporary paddock.  The majority of them were sleeping, their gleaming dun brown, black and grey grullo coats bunched tightly together for comfort, as much as for protection.  Hearing her approach, one of the horses, a beautiful red sorrel mare wandered over, nickering softly as she crossed to where Molly stood, balanced on the rails of the temporary pen.
"Devil's Blaze?  Why yes, she did.  How do you know that?" Sherlock asked, tilting his head in a deliberate bid to encourage John to talk.
Tilting down the rearview mirror, Sherlock began fussing with his fringe, making it curl just so.  He'd chosen where he'd parked carefully.  It was far enough away from the entrance that he wouldn't immediately be spotted when he exited his vehicle, while also offering him a line-of-sight to the front door itself.  He could just make out John's form reflected in the mirror's glass.
"Billy Scott—Ms. Ross's horse expert," Sherlock snapped impatiently, aware that John was listening.  "We met at the fairgrounds when I was investigating Devil's Blaze's stall where Straker was killed.  Now, this is important, what do you mean by 'loco'?"
"Moron," Sherlock snarled with a contemptuous eyeroll.  One or two other nearby travelers gave him apprehensive looks, clearly deciding to give him a wide berth.
“Oh God,” John groaned. “You’re also insatiable, you know that?” He pulled his hand away and turned his attention to the used condom. Deft fingers swiftly knotted it off, creating a compact bundle. Frowning, John looked around for a nearby trash bin. Seeing none, he shrugged and pulled his bandana from his back pocket. A red one, this time, Sherlock observed, enjoying the way the crimson fabric contrasted with John's golden skin.
"That's a new dress…" Sherlock remarked, his tone arch.  "Are you seeing Mr. Chatterjee later tonight?  He's still married, no matter what he's told you otherwise—"
"Mmmm...yes.  Or no.  Maybe?"  Sherlock furrowed his brow, trying to articulate what he had noticed on the first day, but the idea flickering through his brain was too small and too quick for him to seize, like the minnows he and Redbeard used to chase when he was a small child.  "Perhaps?" Sherlock asked, scrunching up his nose as he tried to think.  "I don't know.  I can't be certain."
“Hello, Leon,” John managed to choke out in a tone that would have barely registered as civil.  His tongue flicked out, wetting his bottom lip as he blinked several times in quick succession.  “Fancy seeing you down here, out in the real world, instead of your fancy clinic.”
The target ball ricocheted off of various obstacles until it finally landed neatly in its designated spot.  Letting out a relieved huff of air, Sherlock straightened up to see John staring at him with visible admiration.
," Donovan stressed the last word, "to be impartial in our investigations and consider all possible suspects, even the ones we consider friends."
"I'm fine," the cowboy yelled back from where he was still struggling with the horse, his pelvis rocking in an easy rhythm with the gelding's movements.  "But I'd be better if I could get him to calm down," John continued, his voice raised, but otherwise calm and controlled.  "Would somebody get that damn dog out of here?  It's just making this hard—"  The gelding changed tactics, going from bucking to running.  John swore once, a brief, cut-off exclamation even as he yanked downward on the halter's lead, attempting to pull the gelding's head down to its knees so it couldn't run.  At the change in pressure the gelding began jerking and twisting his head, trying to pull his head free.  The blond man's arms strained with the effort of keeping his grip and Sherlock had to tamp down a sudden surge of unexpected and utterly inappropriate lust.
