Sherlock made a small sound into John’s mouth that caused John’s knees to buckle. John hadn’t known that could happen in real life, that kissing could cause weak knees and breathlessness was something that only happened in stories or television. In real life those sensations were associated with fear or exhaustion or dehydration which he knew not only from his training as a doctor but from an abundance of personal experience. He had no experience with this kind of kissing and he didn’t know what to do except keep going. Sherlock’s hands grasped the sides of John’s shirt and John remembered
“You see, Annalise isn’t actually your daughter,” Moriarty continued, the shadows of his face growing deeper as his grin widened under the hanging florescent lights. “She’s
John was through waiting and kissed him again. Sherlock kissed him back. He pulled away as before, murmuring, “John” and John caught the encouragement this time. That was what he had been waiting for and he leaned into him and slid his hands round the back of Sherlock’s head and angled his face deeply into the next kiss. Sherlock drew his arms round John’s back and they were snogging properly now.
John’s face broke into a thousand pieces. He nodded, trying and failing to wipe away all the tears. “Yeah,” he said. “I know.”
I grabbed the lapels of his coat and twisted them. He tilted his head, almost as if he thought I might kiss him, and it was so utterly
Sherlock bent his knees and slid a hand under her bum, lifting her and setting her on the hard, metallic table. Her legs instinctually wrapped around his waist and pulled him closer to her body, and he heard her shoes fall off one by one somewhere in the distance. He began to rub the tops of her thighs, sliding his hands over her skirt (and what luck that it
have been paying attention. The very first time they’d gone to dinner together, at Angelo’s, John had all but point-blank asked him if he was gay or straight, and Sherlock had given him the “I’m married to my work” line, and that had been the end of it.
I didn’t get it, but I wasn’t about to ask him to explain. “I’ll be ready, eventually. I promise.” I hoped. “I just... need some time.”
John had died. “Do you just carry on talking when I’m away?” John had asked him, once, unbelieving. “I don’t know, how often are you away?” Sherlock had quipped, feeling rather exposed that John had caught him doing such a thing. When he was a child, it had been an imaginary friend that he’d spoken to, and quite often, and loudly, much to Mycroft’s glee (as it gave him more ammunition for teasing). And then they’d gotten Redbeard and Sherlock talked incessantly to him instead, a real thing, a real, living, breathing thing that would listen to him rant and rant and not be annoyed by it one bit. And then Redbeard had died, and that was… well, difficult. There had been no one for quite some time, after that, until Sherlock stopped caring about what other people thought and just started talking to anyone who was in the vicinity, regardless of whether or not they liked what he had to say (which they didn’t, usually).
“Really? Nothing, again?” Sherlock asked the empty room, feeling the muscles in his throat contract. He swallowed down the emotion. “You just want me to think for myself, eh? You know I can do it? Well, I suppose I should thank you for believing in me.”
clean…. “Quite different in here from how it was before,” he remarked. “No experiments, no body parts… Sherlock must be very busing solving crimes.”
daughter, I think he felt it would be a crime against her life if she grew up never knowing the love of his.”
, Mary.” John exhaled in relief, attempting to stand up. “We thought you weren’t going with the plan anymore. You could have
Sherlock had basically turned catatonic after John had caught him; not even acknowledging his presence, silent. John had even waved a hand in front of his dead-stare eyes, with no effect. “Sherlock, we need to talk about this. We need to. You can’t just pretend I’m not here,” he’d said, frustrated. Sherlock had gotten up from the couch and locked himself in his room.
“Sherlock,” John started, “I get that it’s been… too fast. I get that. I’d forgotten it, from when you came back after those two years. I’d forgotten how surreal it was, what an intrusion it seemed. I’d had a new life that finally made sense, and I wasn’t sure if I wanted to go back to the old one.”
Anna sighed. Molly was too suspicious now. If she didn’t tell her the truth, Molly was going to go straight to Sherlock. Anna swallowed and glanced around to make sure that no one was sitting too close. “Molly…” she began, unsure of what to say. She decided to take Mycroft’s approach, and just get it over with. “You probably don’t know this, but John Watson was not my real father.”
So John told him about Anna’s doctor appointment. He told him about all her new words. Told him about the walk they had in the park, she’d stepped in dog shit and he’d wiped it off her shoe with a tissue, his face scrunching up and him giving a great big “Yuck!” that caused Anna to belly-laugh for the first time ever, and he just kept saying it over and over, and she kept laughing, and he didn’t want to stop. About his fight with Mary over visiting Harry again; he didn’t want to do it, but Mary thought they should give her another chance.
John cringed as Mary bellowed down the hall. They heard her stomping back and when she emerged, she was shaking the biscuits in his face. “I can’t
“I don’t need anyone,” Sherlock blurted, then bit the inside of his cheek in frustration—he hadn’t meant for it to come out like that.
Sherlock slid his hand from her chin farther up her face, cradling it. He put his other hand through the space between her waist and arm, spreading it wide on the small of her back and pulling her the tiniest bit closer. He kissed her again, and she made a small sound in the back of her throat.
The door parted from its center and retracted into the sides of the wall, revealing a clean, brightly-lit room that had rows and rows of lock boxes around the walls. There was also a table in the center of the room, and a few displays on either side. Anna smiled as she realized she’d hit another stroke of luck: what she wanted was sitting on a display stand right in front of her.
Anna swallowed and looked up at the faces of her band members. They were staring at her, silently pleading for her to help them, to do something other than gut them with the knife she held. She felt Moriarty’s gaze on her, waiting to see what she would do.
“So he somehow got the key, and used it to get all of us in the same place at the same time, to expose her partnership with him, thus ruining any chance she had at a normal life with me.” John shook his head. “God, that’s sadistic.”
“Oh, come off it! I can see the length of it, all the way from here to the top of the hill. It looks fine to me.”
It took her the better part of an hour to get to the vaults—at least, to the entrance of the vaults. She looked through the grate and saw two guards standing outside of it, wishing she’d stolen one of the radios at the front desk; she could have used it to call the guards away from their post. Instead, she would have to improvise.
I twisted my lips and didn’t reply. He sighed and stood, making his way over to where I sat on my stool. I looked back down at the microscope, fiddling with the slides.
“I’ve never… I haven’t had a relationship like this, with anyone. So even if we hadn’t thrown in the whole ‘unrequited love then dead for thirteen years then, surprise, alive and one hundred percent gay’ thing, I still would have been rubbish at it.”
John sniffed and tucked the gun into the back of his trousers, then moved to squat over the rapists’ mutilated kneecaps. He stuck his hand in his jacket and pulled out a pocket knife. “I imagine you’re in quite a bit of pain right now,” he remarked, calmly, flicking the blade open and using the tip of it to point down at Carruthers’ knees. Carruthers moaned incoherently, and John nodded. “Quite a bit,” he echoed. He paused then, staring at the torn flesh below him, and twisted his head to catch Carruthers’ eye, making sure he was paying attention. “That, down there? That’s nothing.” John shook his head, to prove that it was so. “Nah, that’s nothing compared to what I’m about to do.”
that was what she was doing. As it turned out, she was really working for the most intelligent and sinister criminal this country has ever had the misfortune of knowing.”
By the time she was ten, she’d tired of the lies. She’d tired of making fun of others and being made fun of herself; she just wanted to leave it all untouched. It was so much easier to just not interact with people. Instead she focused on homework and music and fiddle and, if she needed companionship, she’d go to Sherlock, or Mrs. Hudson, or Molly. That was enough, for her.
“I couldn’t connect any more, Sherlock,” John went on. “Anybody I talked to, even people I already knew, people I thought I cared about—I felt nothing. Nothing. I would look at them, hear their boring stories about their boring lives, and just be so disgusted, you know? None of it was stimulating. And then I thought,
knew that about me, knew that if I were properly motivated, I would be able to figure out how to bring down Moriarty. And what better motivation than protecting someone I love?
But now Anna was a teenager and had more important things to do than spend time with him or worry about his feelings. He doubted that they’d even crossed her mind (they rarely crossed his own, anyway). And Molly was right, that was normal. She was a normal teenage girl, who had put up with so much from him over the years, and now it was time for her to start living her own life.
.” He growled that last part right next to her ear, and she blinked rapidly, trying not to cry. She purposely avoided looking at John’s face, imagining the look of horror that had been on it before. “Anywhoo…” sang the criminal, standing up straight again and backing away. “You’ll be glad you dropped the knife, Anna, for I’m about to give you a much better weapon than that.” He looked over at his cronies, and nodded once. Two of the guards walked over to each Sherlock and John, kicking their legs from behind to force them on their knees. Both guards then pointed their guns directly at their heads. The remaining guard stood behind Moriarty and kept his gun on Anna.
I could barely think, but the memory resurfaced anyway; I had been lying on the sofa, with three nicotine patches on my forearm. John hadn’t come back to the flat yet, which meant that either he’d had second thoughts about being my flatmate or that my brother had got to him. I’d heavily favored the latter.
Sherlock sat up, took a few deep breaths, then lifted his hands into John’s. John caught a glimpse of the deep ligature wounds on his wrists as his shirtsleeves slid back.
Mycroft sighed for a second time. “Sherlock, you cannot live in both worlds, now. You’re either a sociopath, or you’re in love with John. You can’t be both. And,” he added, “it’s not just
“Are you going to tell us what you’ve found, now?” John asked, annoyed, his elbows on the table and his chin resting in his hands. Molly’s head jerked up suddenly from between her arms, at the sound of his voice. “Or are you going to keep us in the bloody dark?” Sherlock had been at it for over an hour, and daylight was just coming in the windows… and the lack of sleep the night before was catching up terribly with the other two.
John’s hand left Sherlock’s face and untucked the front of his shirt from his trousers, then slid underneath said shirt and laid its palm flat against his lower belly. Sherlock moved his own hand to mirror John’s in the fantasy, slipping it down, down, under the waistband of his pants, down,
“John!” Mary rushed down the hall after him, but John closed and locked the bathroom door before she got there. “John!” she yelled, pounding on it with her one free hand.
“Excuse me,” Sherlock went up to them. One of them smiled at him, and he caught her eye. Behind her, John finally saw him and did a double-take; Sherlock smiled inwardly. “Hi, sorry to bother you… I’m on hol—on vacation, and I’m just not sure how to get back to my hotel.” He scratched his head.
Mycroft had stopped by the second day, when the worst was already over. Sherlock didn’t know how he’d heard so quickly; had a sneaking suspicion that John had contacted him out of some warped concern for Sherlock’s wellbeing.
When he was finished, he stepped out of the tub and found that Sherlock had laid out some clothes for him. It was only an old t-shirt and pajama bottoms, but something about the gesture brought a sting of tears to John’s eyes. He fumbled with them and dressed through blurry vision before taking a deep breath and exiting the loo.
At least, he aimed for the face. Aimed for the nose, Lestrade’s wretched little nose, right in the center of his stupid head. But Sherlock’s motor skills weren’t all back to normal, and he ended up clipping Lestrade’s chin, sending him spinning clockwise to the ground.
. They broke apart, foreheads still touching, and panted together for a beat. “I…” Sherlock breathed, and John felt a shiver down his back at the sound of the man’s voice. “I want you to fuck me.”
, she thought. “Perhaps the best course of action is to put it bluntly and follow up with questions afterward.” He took a breath. “Annalise, John Watson was not your father.”
At this juncture I judged he was angry enough to leave (for a little while anyway, not permanently). However I wasn’t ready to see him go yet, so I said the one thing I knew would make him stay:
John paused, then wrapped his free hand round the small of my back, splaying his palm out flat. He pressed forward, so that I got even closer to him, and his other hand tighten its grip. “I love you, Sherlock,” he murmured. My skin under his fist began making obscene noises as he moved faster. “I love you, more than anything. I’ll never stop.”
“That’s okay,” said John, continuing to stroke Polly’s back. She curled up in his lap, content, and yawned. “Don’t normally like cats.”
don’t even understand it.” He stepped forward and planted a rough kiss on the top of her head, then limped down the stairs without another look back.
He turned away then, John suspected before his face could betray its arguably poor hold on his emotions. It was quiet again in the cabin except for the added sounds of multiple failed attempts to mute sobs. John was trying to decide if he should give Sherlock some privacy or go to him when Sherlock spoke again from behind his back.
we’re talking about. He’s not going to let you rot in a prison cell, under Moriarty’s control, for two years. He’s going to try to rescue you, he won’t be able to help himself, and he’ll fuck up my plans to take over the network. He loves you, John, and love… love is a most
She looked at John, considering something. Her eyes were almost amused again. “And how did that make you feel?”
“Her injuries were pretty bad, John. I mean, she was awake when I got there, but she wasn’t coherent. She’d been at the hospital all day, trying to recover to the point where she could give us a lucid account of what happened; but now she’s dead, and all we have is speculation. We’ll have her autopsy, too, and evidence of Carruthers’… erm…
Because for all of Sherlock’s lack of feelings and complete disinterest of nearly everyone else’s, he was not okay with killing another person. He’d only done it once, and that was to protect John and Mary—and it had been a difficult decision, not just because of the threat of going to prison afterward. Taking another human life… that was a big deal. It was heavy.
John’s smile wavered. “Well, yeah, I kind of… I was about to step inside, and then I heard Mrs. Hudson say my name, and I couldn’t help but listen a bit. So, wait, you
wondering if you were going to live or die. Even if she didn’t one-hundred-percent deserve some time off, I doubt she’d be able to focus on her studies right now. For God’s
Mrs. Hudson had had a time of it trying to convince Sherlock to go. “But I’m not her parent,” he’d said, trying to get out of it.
“Yeah,” said John in reply. “Hi. Uh… hi. Apparently Mycroft forgot to mention I’d be with him…” he trailed off.
Going to visit John’s grave that morning was the first time Sherlock had been able to sort out any feelings he’d had in the last three months. Anna, bless her, had seemed to sense that Sherlock needed some quiet time, and busied herself by gently poking her finger in his hair. Sherlock had stood in front of John’s tombstone, smiling a little at the irony—because not long before, John had been doing the same when he’d believed Sherlock to be dead. The difference now was that John was actually dead, and a request for a miracle wouldn’t reach his ears. It would be lost on the icy, winter breeze.
I wanted his mouth on mine and our limbs tangled together. I wanted to feel his pulse pounding in his neck with my lips, to experience the heat of his body next to my own, to hear the sounds he made when he was aroused and climaxing. We barely made it inside the front door before I attacked him. I didn’t even bother with kissing, I just shoved him into the wall and went straight for his belt. It was exhilarating and exciting and relieving, relieving most of all, that those feelings I’d had that first time had come back. That they could.
The three of us were silent. “Sherlock?” said Lestrade, looking for my affirmation. John stared at me, not saying a word.
Mr. Carruthers’ expression showed that he thought so, too. “The police have been rather incompetent, I’ll agree. I’d be happy to answer any questions you might have; what did you say your name was?”
He just looked so sad, and defeated, that I didn’t know what to do to change his mind. It wasn’t going to be like that. I wasn’t going to just ignore him as he hung around me like an abused puppy waiting for table scraps. (Well, maybe if there was a
Anna did as she was told and climbed into the other boat. She knelt down slowly to look at Sherlock as John started the engine again. “Keep pressure on that wound,” John commanded, and Anna laid one hand on top of the other and pushed into Sherlock’s shoulder. He grimaced, and she let up.
Mary rolled her eyes. “That’s not true. There are plenty of other times when she’s perfectly content. You’d know that if you were around more often.” She eyed him, and Sherlock felt his mouth go dry. Mycroft’s smirk, meanwhile, grew impossibly wider.
“Sherlock,” he said, carefully. “I know you don’t want to talk about it, but I do have to ask you… did they… insert anything?” He tried to make it sound as delicate as possible. “Well, besides….
In response, Sherlock lifted his arm from the countertop and reached it toward the mirror, which was white with a thick layer of fog. For a wild second John thought he was going to write something—though what, he didn’t know—but instead, Sherlock used his fingertips to smear away a patch of the condensation, right at the perfect spot to see John’s face reflected back in it.
Sherlock was not in the habit of needing people, but he needed John, far more than he thought he had. He hadn’t realized it until this whole… ordeal. Lestrade had been right, Sherlock
Sherlock stared at her, confusion rippling across his face. “I apologize if I made you feel like that,” he said, slowly. “You know I’m just concerned for her safety.” He waited for Molly to respond, but she kept working and didn’t acknowledge him. “Fine,” he snapped, becoming angry. “Don’t tell me. But can you at least say if she’s acting… appropriately?”
John had taken in the sight of him and now he was finished. He bent down and picked up the freshly split pieces of wood and tossed them into the wheelbarrow along with the others. He set up the next log on the stump and raised the axe above his shoulder and brought it down again.
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t understand. I didn’t spend those years dreaming about you, thinking about you, in that way. I thought you were
Hate my brother, he’s abominable. Truly awful human being, can’t stand him. But my parents, well, I can’t think of two people I’d rather be with in a crisis. (Ahem. Not that, you know, I’m in one.)
now.” Sherlock’s eyes began to tear, but he didn’t look away. John felt an iron fist clench his heart. “You’re safe. I’m here.”
Sherlock gave him a sharp nod in response, and John lowered his arms to his sides. He observed John’s old tremor, again, in his left hand, making the fingers squeeze in on themselves every so often.
They snogged deeply, sensually, fingers in each other’s hair, mouths and tongues moving together rhythmically, rutting against one another in the same rhythm. They’d given up “angry sex” and “dominant sex” a long time ago. They’d only played those games at the beginning, back when this thing between them was still just a “thing.” But it wasn’t a “thing” anymore. It wasn’t an “affair,” anymore. It wasn’t throes of wanton lust. It wasn’t even fun.
“Please say you’re okay,” said John, nearly whispering it. He leaned closer and our foreheads touched.
John helped Sherlock upstairs and onto the couch, where he gingerly sat and closed his eyes, taking heavy breaths against the pain. When he opened them again, John was in the kitchen making tea. Sherlock sat and watched him, thinking how nice it was to have him here, what a rarity it had been the past year, how he didn’t think he could bear it if John ever left again.
“Indeed,” Sherlock continued. “The fact is, not only does your wife know that you’re gay, she also knows about every single
Sherlock’s eyes moved back to her face, but he didn’t say anything more. Instead he lifted his good arm and pulled her into his shoulder, resting his cheek on the top of her dark head. She nestled into the crook of his neck and stared, glassy-eyed, across the sea as John sped them to shore.
He felt embarrassed, ashamed. Embarrassed because he’d turned off his mind and succumbed to his physical needs, ashamed because he’d done it with someone that he knew was in love with him, and with whom he had no interested in pursuing a further romantic relationship. He was upset, too, because the last thing he wanted to do was hurt Molly. He relied on her friendship, couldn’t bear to see it go. But the consequences of what just happened could do it. They could drive her away.
“Hello love,” John greeted her, getting down on his knees and bending over to kiss the top of her head.
Sherlock’s eyes snapped over to where Anna was kneeling in the sand next to a bucket. The other two girls came over, and Lestrade knelt down in front of his youngest daughter’s face. “What’s she killing?” he questioned.
Sherlock said it conversationally, without gravity, as if John had not been waiting constantly for it since he first spotted him in the snow while chopping wood. John thought about saying something clever back to him, something about Sherlock being bored and short on near-death experiences, but he was tired, he felt tired, more tired than he had been on the day he decided to leave London, more tired than he had been ever. So he just said, “Yes.”
John was completely silent for a moment, then began to laugh. Sherlock supposed it was because he’d sounded so pathetic. “Oh, shut up,” he spat.
The problem was, I didn’t exactly know. Being “with” John was something I wanted, but it turned out that he and I had very different definitions of what that meant. Well, that’s not quite true. In the beginning it meant the same thing—the beginning, when we’d got trapped in that basement with the water coming in through all the windows and we thought we were going to die. The beginning, when being “with” John meant his hot mouth on mine and our fists full of the back of each other’s jackets. It was desperate and close, a desire to live, to experience life in a primal way that I usually abhorred. It was a revelation, no, a breakthrough. I was emotional. I was sexual. I was human.
They pulled up to 221B, then, and both stayed in the car for a moment, gazing at the front door. John turned back to his daughter. “Anna, I think you should call me ‘John,’” he decided, realizing that it was the only viable option. “It’s not just that the word ‘Dad’ is off limits… I mean, there are plenty of other names for ‘Dad.’ It’s that…” John struggled to find the proper words. “Sherlock’s been more of a father to you than I have. So far, anyway. And you don’t even call
“I’m coming Sherlock! I’m coming!” John chanted and his teeth chattered with adrenaline. He could not just walk across the ice to him because he might fall himself and then they would both be in mortal danger. Sherlock would be able to survive for a few minutes at least so he made the decision to run back to the barn. He knew where there was a length of rope that could be tied onto the extension cord. “Hang on, Sherlock. I’ll be right back!” John shouted and raced around the perimeter. He heard Sherlock make a groaning noise that sounded a lot like “John” but he didn’t turn around to listen because he knew that for every second he waited the danger of Sherlock drowning grew exponentially.
John’s face loomed in the window. He waved, briefly, and cracked open the door. “Mind if I come in?” he asked.
“Terribly,” Molly confirmed. “There was only ever one, well, two things he made her do that she didn’t want. One was homework,” she said, “and the other was visiting the cemetery on Christmas.”
I didn’t even know there was a lady living next door. I don’t want to admit it, though. Mrs. Hudson has probably mentioned it at some point, or perhaps even John, and I don’t want him to know I haven’t been listening. I’m supposed to listen to people. Shows I care, or something.
Carruthers’ puzzled expression turned to one of contempt. “I’ve already told the police I won’t talk to anyone without my lawyer.”
“I know you’re capable,” John told him, his tone softer. “But I just… I’m still here, Sherlock. If you need me.”
How had it never crossed either of their minds, when they took the case, that they might be dealing with a rapist?
Sherlock strode through the front door and sighed. John was sitting at the kitchen table, both hands wrapped around a cold cup of tea, staring at him from haggard, hooded eyes. “You didn’t sleep again,” Sherlock observed. It was not a difficult deduction.
So after over a year and a half, I'm back at it. Life has been crazy lately but I'm glad to finally have the chance to continue this story. Hoping to post more regularly going forward!
“He cuts up dead bodies,” offered Anna, with gusto. The children immediately perked up. There were murmurs of “Ewww!” and “Cool!” Anna smiled up at Sherlock, and he winked at her.
“No cameras in here, he’s never been desperate enough to watch me bathe.” Sherlock waved his arm around, impatiently. “And with the shower on he can’t hear us.”
John let the words mull in his head as he stared at the damp ceiling. “What happens to me, then? After I do it? And I’m not saying I will.”
home, he had no choice but to abide by those rules. Sherlock made a face but conceded, sitting down next to Anna’s high chair, looking quite cross.
woman, extremely intelligent and clever, who lived such a thrilling life and overcame immensely difficult obstacles, who you overcame your own obstacles to be with,
Sherlock was taken aback. “Mycroft? What the devil does my brother have to do with this?” He stared at her, expectantly.
“John!” Sherlock snapped, frustrated. “We don’t have time for this, Anna is the grasp of the most malicious criminal in London, waiting for us to rescue her—“
“Waiting for our extraction, of course.” Mary left John’s side to lean back against the wall across from him. “The trapdoor in your room led under the building, and there was a sewer access point not far down. Moriarty had me pull you down here, before the bomb went off. Got you out just in the nick of time, too,” she added, as if she expected some sort of thanks.
“Alright, that’s enough!” John shouted, snapping his newspaper shut and scrambling up out of the chair. He turned to see Sherlock frozen over the kitchen table, a beaker in each hand, clearly just standing there banging them together for no other reason than to bother him. “You git,” John growled. “Do you know how bloody annoying you are?”
“Yeah,” said Molly. “There was a fishing boat that sunk last night—we’ve got several bodies to exhume… well, have a good evening.” She leaned in to give Anna a hug.
Sherlock woke up again, with a start, fully erect and entirely annoyed. He lay there for a few moments, trying to distract himself by thinking about the double murder case. He began to recall in detail the grotesque positions of the bodies, the blood, the smell—
And John Watson might be an idiot from time to time, "my idiot," his husband would rumble in his velvet voice, but he knew Sussex would bore "his idiot" to death.
“Are you acting obtuse in principle?” Voice raised, mirroring his inner state. John has no anger issues; he had strapped up his emotions in a tight corset years ago. His back is ramrod-straight, a picture book gentleman. He can challenge Sherlock with a look; he can do it any minute now.
When we arrived in Norwich, a man ran towards us. He had a cap in hand, looking like the typical country coachman.
.) Scratches and clumsy cuts — on the side of the shoe there, just where the fire strikes it, somebody scraped away crusted mud — and did it badly; badly. There are your wet feet and careless servant all on one foot. Face badly shaved on one side — used to be on left — light must have come from another side; could not well move your window; must have moved your dressing table. (
Jones spoke of his childhood and teenage years, how he had spent his adulthood treasure hunting; here, where in the past ships sunk in catastrophes; sailors found a wet deathbed and their possessions often left for new owners. The rocks that glittered in the sunlight became deadly obstacles when the storm and the wind were blowing, turning the sea into a monstrous beast. Jones clearly had a fondness for sea stories and adventure tales. Perhaps he had wished to be a pirate himself as a boy, I mused. Instead, his dreams had shattered like so many others on the coastline. The disappearance of his father was a black cloud that dimmed even such a glorious day.
“And how, Holmes?” I had tried out his Christian name during the night; the result had been a burst of laughter. Holmes assured me he was not overly fond of his name, so all was fine. Last, I guessed to choose Holmes and Watson once more was our way to detach ourselves once more. We had a case to solve, a client needed answers, and it would do us no good if we focused on our private matters only.
While he wants to rush into his mind palace and update this vital information in John’s room (which gets bigger every day, soon he'll get his own wing, not that Sherlock minds), he realises that he hasn't reacted to John's admission.
All breath left John when Sherlock entered him. All was the fire. When a human body was warm, a Jinn’s body was
Instantly, I looked for clues for what had occupied Holmes’ time for the last few days, but I had no luck. At least the ankle did not seem to bother him anymore. I dearly hoped he had listened to me for once and put some ice on it.
They came from different universes, but they were star-crossed. They were together: Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. And for both their sakes, John Watson was ready to fight for it.
The colonel seemed to delve into his memory for a moment, desperately trying to recall old, far-off things. “Mary-Ann had to take care of checking her references. "
Affronted, I insisted: “Nicolas... you have my word: I was not deceiving you! I have not left this house since Monday afternoon.”
When I interpret your DI’s wording correctly, Sherlock Holmes' involvement as a consultant didn’t go smoothly.
For some time I had considered writing it down and burning it in the fireplace. However, I cannot do it, as those days are special to me. Therefore, I decided I will hide them. I cannot put the notes next to the other cases, so the box in the vault will not do. Surely, there are instructions to only open it fifty years after our death but mostly for a client's reasons, or to avoid Holmes’ or my shame with an unsolvable case or one that let us part ways for a time.
"All I want for Christmas is you, Holmes," replied the doctor, looking at him full of desire. He bent down again to kiss him, hungry, before grabbing him by the thighs and taking him in his arms, carrying him to the bed. He was determined to take the gift he so longed for, without knowing
? Do you like the premise of a Blind Date AU? Or do you happen to know the movie it's based on? What should I say? I am a curious git.
The local church is a short distance away. Molly is only half out of breath when they find their seats.
John wouldn’t be surprised if suddenly a new batch of thumbs, heads and other body parts had appeared in the fridge.
Landsbury, somewhat brooding at first, spurred into action when Holmes suddenly switched topics and turned to the army and the British Empire. I tried to figure out what Holmes was trying to achieve by this charade. This all wasn’t like him. Landsbury was agitated, hammering his ideas with vigour. Miss Parker seemed as puzzled by this situation as I was. Yet she could smile at him reassuringly and touch his arm to calm him down. I
Holmes is quick as a whip with his words, brash and sarcastic. He has perfected the haughty stare of a non-believer in Sunday service. When he first arrived, they dragged him to the dungeon. They repeated it, almost like clockwork, sometimes for good reasons. But there’s no fun in it if someone’s reply to the sentence is, “How dull.”
“Mmm. But if the doctor wants to check on me, be my guest. I guess my heart rate is higher than usual.”
So, hopefully we'll see us all again when Dr Watson tells the part John Taylor forget to mention (hint: the love that dare not speak its name).
“Right. My father was probably the only man on earth that your grandfather confided in. On the day of his disappearance, he drove to the house in the morning as usual. He should have been returning around three o’clock in the afternoon, as he had said to my mother. As the two houses are close, it should not have taken him long. Yet, between those few miles, he disappeared and was never seen again. How is that possible? People cannot simply vanish!”
“He kidnaps the kid and hides her in the vault. Finally, he waits until I am called to take charge of this matter. He knows my reputation, and he wants to play on it. He writes the letters, sends them to a well-known newspaper in London. He foresees everything.”
Sherlock is left, steadfastly denying to himself that he has a soppy grin plastered across his face. He doesn’t do soppy. (Maybe he does, a bit, when it comes to John.)
Sherlock is pleased. It’s so simple to distract John with his wellbeing. He knows this fact and uses it, but doesn’t think too deeply about it. He tries not to make sticky emotions his area.
Sherlock heads to bed around an hour after John does. It’s ridiculously early, by his standards, but John had had a point. He doesn’t know how much energy he’ll expend running around as a wolf, and he wants to be fully alert for it.
It’s late (or early) and Sherlock is sleepy, sated. Tomorrow they’ll go back to London and… carry on like normal? Or tiptoe around each other awkwardly?
He’s not sure what adjective to use. Interesting. Unexpected. Foolish. Problematic. Impossible. Thrilling. Terrifying. All of the above.
They run until their crackling excitement has been expended a little. Time for serious things. They hunt. Moving silently comes almost entirely naturally. His human side is intrigued by the extent of his instincts’ range. His wolf is intrigued by a grass snake curled under a bush.
He’s disappointed that Sherlock is taking this badly, but he supposes that he shouldn’t be surprised. He didn’t exactly take his own first change well, but that was an entirely different situation. He takes out the pancake batter and starts methodically making pancakes until he has a large stack of them. Sherlock needs to replenish his energy. He’s hoping to appeal to his sweet tooth.
He drapes an arm over Sherlock's waist, mirroring Sherlock’s hold on John, and his other hand comes up to fist in the soft fabric of Sherlock's t-shirt.
Stop. John’s anger is practically rolling off him. Sherlock briefly (nonsensically) panics — what has he done now? — but then he smells the eau de pompous git that’s still clinging to John.
“I was too hungry to stay in bed. Want some?” He doesn’t wait for an answer; he knows Sherlock will be hungry.
Maybe he would be able to cope with rehab better if his skin weren’t crawling. He knows it’s normal, he’s been through this three times already after all. It doesn’t make it any better. Plus they insist that he eat regular amounts at regular times and drink plenty of water every day. It’s insufferable, but this time he has to suffer through it. He has a reason to put up with it and not plan his escape.
It’s mid-afternoon. His sleeping pattern is fucked. Stomach rumbling, he wanders through to the kitchen. Bacon. He needs bacon. He’s cooking a second round of bacon when Sherlock appears in the kitchen looking sleep-rumpled, hair fluffy and messy. Adorable.
Sherlock gasps, affronted. John dashes out of the bathroom before Sherlock can get him and Sherlock races after him. John has shorter legs, but also a head start and the element of surprise, so he reaches his bedroom and shuts himself safely in before Sherlock reaches him. Sherlock hears him slide down to sit with his back against the door.
“I know.” John reaches up and strokes his cheek gently and in a confusing wave of emotion Sherlock realises this might be a whole lot more than he thought before.
Mycroft’s people move in then, surrounding them while John wraps Sherlock in his own coat. The only thing left to do now is take him to hospital.
to sleep. And maybe to cuddle). Sherlock has always seemed starved of physical contact, but at the same time like he scorns it. John goes on dates with women and gets intimate with them. But sometimes he hasn’t had a date for months, and his flatmate and best friend gets turned into a Were, and they start a cuddling thing, and then they run away to the countryside together and end up naked in the shower touching each other and
tongue move back to him, but no wonder it drove all the girls crazy. It’s certainly driving him crazy now. He can’t help thrusting a little faster, a little harder, a little deeper. Sherlock's nails trace down John's back. John pulls Sherlock's legs up, around his waist, using that newly-discovered flexibility while also getting in a grope of his thighs. He slides in deeper with the new angle and they moan in chorus. Sherlock tangles a hand in John's hair, tugs, sucks a sharp mark on the corner of his jaw.
“There are two ways someone can be a Were,” he says. “One is if both parents are Weres, and the other is if you get bitten by a Were. So yes, you are. But I’ll help you through it.”
His mind flicks back to their warm, comfortable night last night. Cuddling. Although that word sounds strange in association with Sherlock. Embracing? No. Cuddling it is. He wonders if there’ll be a repeat. They do seem to keep ending up in bed together. That didn’t come out how he meant it.
John switches off the water, which is now running lukewarm. He gets them out of the shower and gently towels Sherlock off as Sherlock floats blissfully in his post-orgasm glow. John dries himself off cursorily and stretches up to kiss him deeply.
Sherlock twines both arms around John’s back and tugs him close against him. He wants them flush together, no space between them. He holds on tight.
John finds his mind drifting to him and Sherlock sharing a bed. He liked it, and he initiated, yes, but he wasn’t thinking ahead. Mates just don’t
Sherlock’s composition was confused, slow, depressing, but John took heart from the slightly more hopeful part at the end. He wonders what prompted that bit. Now they’re getting ready to go out. Sherlock is grumbling about the rain.
University is a welcome relief. He lives alone, so can spend all his free time with Nyx, and attends few lectures, having learnt most of it already by himself. He and Nyx go out walking and he quickly earns his reputation as the tall, cold-looking one with the terrifying dog. He buys a collar for Nyx, for appearance’s sake, but she just laughs at him and asks when they started caring about appearances.
His pursuers are still too close. He needs to lose them before he can get to safety. More quick turns, ever narrowing streets. A quick dash through the front and out the back of a shop. Not far now.
John stops his rubbing and just holds Sherlock’s hands in his. “We don’t have to stay out all night. Two hours will be enough.”
Then there’s just noise. Shouts, heavy boots, blinding torch beams. The second they light Marco and Sherlock up, John shoots, praying to everything that Marco’s finger won’t twitch on the trigger of the gun held to Sherlock’s head. There’s no second shot. John runs forward, shouting orders.
He wonders what it’ll be like to be in wolf form. John hasn’t said anything about it. Will he be in control? Or will it be the wolf in control? But he
He thinks the last thing Sherlock needs right now is to be left alone with his mind. The change clearly disturbed him.
I know we left this story in the most tooth-rottingly fluffy place we possibly could, but as I was editing it I just couldn't get a new idea for this AU out of my head. If you feel like joining Were Sherlock and John again for some post-Reichenbach angst (with a happy ending!) then make sure you subscribe to me as an author or follow me on tumblr so you can keep updated. If you don't want to burst the happy bubble of Change then pretend I never mentioned it!
Sherlock narrows his eyes, pulls an exaggerated face as he considers. “I’ll make you a deal,” he says.
Sherlock nods a little absently. His wolf is starting to perk up again. He takes all the necessary cares with his violin and bow and gently puts them away.
“Yes, but if you don’t eat, you can’t take your painkillers, and I’d imagine your head is quite painful now, after a day and a night on the sofa with only two cups of tea and one biscuit.”
Idly, he lets himself daydream. What he wouldn’t give to be at home right now, in his armchair in front of the fire, John opposite him and a cup of tea at his elbow. He’d even take John berating him for his lapse of judgement. Any time spent with John is good. They wouldn’t have to talk, or they could talk about nothing at all. Conversation with John is good. He knows when to shut up and let Sherlock think, he doesn’t talk about inane things, he isn’t thrown when Sherlock abruptly switches topics or continues out loud a conversation that was started in his head. He always manages to prompt new sparks of thought. He makes Sherlock’s brain work faster. He is strong and dangerous but soft and unassuming and his hair has exactly five shades of blond and gold in it and——
When Sherlock wakes, in human form, everything around him smells of John, or SherlockandJohn. He is surrounded by their scent, spooned by John’s naked body, awash in the wolfish sensations of their pack bond.
John, his packmate. He pushes between John and his attacker, snarling. John’s yelp of pain echoes in his ears. Two against three. John is a good fighter, but he’s been injured. The tension rises again, the wait for the first pounce, but it’s not fun like it had been between him and John.
For a split second John wants to punch Mycroft in his supercilious face. But then he realises the truth of what he’s saying. Panicking doesn’t help. He stares out the window and tries to calm his racing thoughts.
The first time they sleep together in John’s bed it feels like it should be a beginning, but it’s really an ending.
John’s planning today must be for tomorrow. He’s promised they’ll go out, and Sherlock is sure that he means more than just a stroll around London. They eat and Sherlock goes to bed much earlier than usual to soothe his wolf, wondering what tomorrow will bring.
He nods. John moves away then, much to his disappointment, but he gets to admire John’s naked body as he moves to his bag and fishes in it. Sherlock’s hand drifts to his own cock, stroking himself. John turns around, having found the lube, and his eyes fix on Sherlock’s slowly moving hand.
Mycroft produces a tablet from his briefcase and pulls up the grainy video for John to watch. It’s over in perhaps ten seconds. Sherlock is walking when three men leap out of an alley and drag him in. More than a few punches are thrown, but Sherlock’s attackers had the element of surprise and a punch to his stomach knocks the fight out of him visibly. John rewatches the video three times over. The timestamp says 4:53. He had been sleeping fitfully at that point. He presses play again. The men are hooded, as Lestrade said, and cast in shadow by the streetlights overhead, but there’s something about them…
It was… good of John to realise that the beginning of the piece was the cottage. He’s less sure he’d write it the same way, now, after all that happened there. Maybe he should take the cottage theme and subvert it, and finish the piece that way. Or maybe he shouldn’t finish it at all. He doesn’t want things to stay in this state. Not the way his changes are, and not the way things are between John and himself. They’re an almost-something, but John blocked that path, and they can’t be what they were before. Which makes them what, now? Nothing? Sherlock is not very good at figuring out relationships which aren’t clear-cut. That had been the problem with Victor.
“Your stomach is rumbling,” he says. “And mine, too. I know it’s early, but how about I make us some dinner, and then we go out?”
John is bustling about in the kitchen. Sherlock goes to watch him. He needs something to concentrate on. John is preparing food. He reorganises the fridge, making sure that things like bacon and eggs are easy to access (for him. For Sherlock easy to access would be one shelf higher). He takes out milk, flour, opens every cupboard in the kitchen until he finds what he’s looking for: a large mixing bowl. He mixes ingredients as Sherlock watches.
The first time they sleep together in Sherlock’s bed it feels like it should be a beginning, and that’s exactly what it is.
Right, think. If he had kidnapped someone and brought them here, where would he hide? He wouldn’t choose one of the buildings still under construction. Too many people coming in and out; too much chance of being found. A completed building, then, unoccupied until the rest of the site is completed. Sticking to the shadows, he moves towards the small cluster of finished buildings. There are four. One has signs in the ground floor windows indicating it’s a show office, so he discards that one. He carefully studies the others. Would it make more sense to hide downstairs, with easy access but a higher risk of discovery, or upstairs, unlikely to be spotted by prying eyes? Getting Sherlock up all those stairs would have been difficult, whether he was conscious or unconscious. A basement would have been ideal. Hidden, but accessible. Do these buildings have basements?
“John,” he says brokenly, as John pulls up to Sherlock’s fingernails, then slides his mouth back down. Their hips work together, slowly rubbing their cocks against each other.
“Anyway. Your wolf form might be fully grown because you are, but mentally it’s still getting used to this life. Effectively it’s still a pup. It’ll learn. Like now it knows that sand sticks to you when you’re wet. And that water is a lot of fun.”
They reach the suburbs eventually, and wander through a winding maze of streets. The second they find one which is completely silent, John is off, racing down it at full speed. He chases after. They continue until they hear a car and have to dash behind some wheelie bins. This is how it goes for another hour. It’s not quite as satisfying as running in the park is, and that’s not as satisfying as Sussex was. Here, they’re limited.
“Yep,” John replies. “I imagine that since you’re so much more observant than most people anyway it’ll be more obvious to you.”
“Mycroft’s jurisdiction extends where he wants it to,” Sherlock replies, “but it will take him some time to find out which town’s cameras to requisition.”
“What— How are we…?” God, he can’t get his words straight with John’s naked body wriggling against his like that.
I promise you that, mentally, I am the same person I was before I was bitten. My wolf has changed me physically, just like yours has changed you. You’ll notice more stamina, you’ll be more sensitive to smells. Mentally, you’ll become more observant when you accept your wolf. You’ve felt it happening already. You’ll recognise other Weres instinctively. You’ll be more in tune with emotions, yours and others’.
“I wasn’t in control! And the wolf is so… so stupid. Idiotic and dumb and it has such a dull, dull mind. It didn’t even know what sand was, John! It was surprised that sand stuck to it when it was wet! And all I could do was sit back and watch because the wolf was in control but it was like watching through fog and listening through water. The wolf
With a jerk, Sherlock’s whole body seizes up, his eyes closing as though in pain. John quickly backs off. He’s never seen this happen before. Is the first time any different? Sherlock’s skeleton cracks. Tendons grate against bones. John wasn’t prepared for the sounds, surprisingly like a low-budget horror film. Sherlock’s skin seems to ripple, then bristle, and the change rolls through him. He falls to the ground, his suit falling off in shreds from his body. His wolf body.
“Big storm tonight. You’ll probably be hard hit out in the open there. It’s coming in from the sea.”
“Not until the full moon,” John says. He flicks on the torch when they leave the outer limits of the town’s streetlights.
He stands up, grabs his coat and leaves the house, feeling like he’s walking through fog, just thinking
John latches on to Sherlock's nipple and sucks, not hard, but insistent. Sherlock's hips push up as he groans.
, but these wolves have hurt his packmate, and he wants them to hurt too. John swipes a paw at him — just hard enough to sting. John is bleeding. He wants to run. He can’t leave John alone. John takes off running and he follows. It’s over in seconds.
He gently nudges Sherlock backwards until he’s sitting on the bed. His cock slides out of John's mouth with a pop when he sits, and he gasps at the rush of cold air, but John quickly slides back down on him. He bobs up and down on his cock, hand working in tandem. It’s quite amazing really, he’s getting noises out of Sherlock that he never imagined Sherlock could produce, let alone that John would hear. It makes John wish that he had his own mind palace where he could file them away and replay them over and over.
The waltz is over and he only realises because there is applause. He gives his vow to John (and Mary, who he only included because he can’t give it to John only, not at his wedding, not after his speech) and then deduces one more thing than he meant to and scrambles to cover, even as his mind is screaming
The contents of the USB, when John plugs it into his laptop, are data-heavy and take a while to open up. He goes to find more food, starving again already, and pours himself a big bowl of cereal. He sniffs the milk and decides to pass on it.
Sherlock’s stomach obviously agrees, because he follows him downstairs without kicking up a fuss about how much food he’s being expected to consume in one day. John quickly knocks up vast quantities of pasta for them. They’ll need their strength for the change later, even if they do only stay in wolf form for two hours.
He packs a bag with a few bits. Unlike Sherlock, he leaves a note. He plans to be gone for two days or so, so a note only seems fair, even if Sherlock won’t notice that he’s gone (or will he, now, after everything?). He keeps the note short. He doesn’t want to worry Sherlock with any of this. He just says he’s going to Harry’s for a few days and he’ll be back. On a second read-through he underlines the word ‘will’. He hesitates for a moment, then turns his phone off as well. It will just be a couple of days. Just to sort through his emotions and decide what to do about Sherlock.
A few blinds twitch along this suburban street. John decides this will be over quicker if he does as Mycroft says and gets in the car. They pull off at a normal speed, heading towards the city centre.
His coat is still hanging up, and his shoes are by the front door. The kitchen door is open, letting in a chill breeze. John quickly pulls on his own coat and shoes and goes out.
As the kettle boils, and Mycroft comes up the stairs, Sherlock starts up a racket on his violin. As much as he hates torturing his beautiful instrument like this, he knows that Mycroft hates it even more. John is clattering about in the kitchen. Sherlock grins from his chair as John selects the mug Sherlock likes least for Mycroft’s tea — a mug which has had several noxious experiments in it.
Sherlock stares outside for a long moment, clearly debating whether to play along. Then he points out a man in a suit.
He leads Sherlock out to the road and hails a taxi. As soon as they get inside Sherlock slumps over, obviously tired of pretending to be fine. He leans into John’s shoulder.
“My team noticed a change in your routine last night, or today, to be more accurate. I’m merely following it up.”
When Sherlock glances up a few minutes later he sees that John’s mug is drooping dangerously. He wriggles. John jerks awake again, splashing hot tea over his hand and hissing in pain. Sherlock jumps up and licks his hand. The taste of tea is offensive to his wolf taste buds. He licks around his own mouth, his nose, trying to get rid of the taste. John laughs.
“Up you get, then.” He takes his arm and helps him up. “How about you brush your teeth and take a shower to help you feel more human?”
Soon they’re back inside. Sherlock races up the stairs and into the flat, then sits in the living room giving John a doggy grin, tongue hanging out. He has a plan for this evening. It will be brilliant.
“I—” John starts, then breaks off, looking at the paramedics bustling around them. Emotional declarations are hard enough without an audience.
John ignores him. “I’ll go and see him first thing in the morning and let him know exactly what we think of him and his specialist fucking centre.”
They play and run and hunt for hours and hours. The moon is setting. John leads the way back to the cottage. He is tired now, anyway. John stands up on his back legs and pushes the door open. Sherlock trots in after him. Enclosed again. Back to the human world. John changes to a human again. He smells different like this. Interesting.
John cleans Sherlock’s wound, and checks the edges of it, which are starting to scar over. His fingers are gentle on Sherlock’s skin, slightly chilled from outside, slightly warmed from his mug of tea. Sherlock doesn’t like doctors touching him, doesn’t like them in general. But John is different. His touch is soothing, and Sherlock can see it soothes John as well, which makes it even better.
Having the wolf inside his head isn’t so bad. Just different. It mostly paces around the corridors of his mind palace and fidgets at his inactivity. Today it’s been very insistent that he
John shivers at the mention of the shower. “I think we stopped being just friends a while ago, only I couldn’t admit it to myself. And I would never have thought that
John smiles to himself, trying not to think too loudly about how adorable Sherlock is being. He pulls their sandwiches out of the bag and passes Sherlock his. Together they eat in companionable silence, watching the dark grey clouds that are rolling along the horizon.
John swears softly but colourfully. It’s a skill he picked up in the army. Sherlock likes it more than he’d ever admit.
Sherlock just lies whimpering at his feet until black cars pull up at the mouth of the alley: Mycroft’s people. They don’t approach. Sherlock’s body starts to tremble. He’s beginning the change back to his human form.
There is nowhere else he would rather be, John thinks, as he sends a thought of thanks to the splinter that started it all.
“Mm, need… Need to be horizontal,” he murmurs against Sherlock’s lips, hands cupping his cheeks and stroking into his hair.
“God, you’re the sexiest thing I’ve seen,” John says, propping himself up on an arm to watch Sherlock as he thrusts into him.
Sherlock starts to circle John, who slowly spins to follow his progress. This is a dance of tiny motions and signs. John is watching closely to predict when he will pounce. Sherlock is watching closely for any signs of a counter-attack. The moment is tense with concentration.
And yet here he is. Unnecessary though it may be, if someone told him he would never have the pleasure of John’s company again… well, it’s unthinkable. It’s John or nothing now. Which is exactly why he has to keep this revelation utterly secret. John isn’t interested. He’s not gay. He’s said as much so many times that Sherlock pictures the words with capital letters:
Sherlock takes a deep breath. He wants to make an effort to be nice to John, because John was embarrassed this morning, and that sort of thing will make him touchy all day, despite the irrationality of his shame. John can be even more stubborn than Sherlock sometimes. So. Something to do.
Sherlock nods, John’s finger still on his lips. John replaces it briefly with his own lips, then gets up to go to the bathroom and get ready for bed.
He settles into the job at hand (or should that be foot?), gets a hold on the splinter with the tweezers and carefully draws it out of Sherlock's foot.
John rubs his nose against Sherlock’s cheek, then pulls back so that Sherlock can see his grin. “Don’t worry,” he says. “I’ll have you screaming wordlessly by the end of this.”
John stirs sugar into tea and thinks. Today’s Thursday. “Tuesday night. He was already gone when I woke up Wednesday morning.”
Sherlock moves over too. He makes an aborted attempt to sit in one of the armchairs, then decides to sit on the floor near John’s head. John is comfortable and enjoying the blanket of the fire’s remaining warmth.
He’s almost pleased to see Sherlock looking disappointed. It’s much more normal. He turns back around and allows John to continue detangling his hair.
He sips his tea standing at the open back door. The morning air is cold and crisp; the grass is wet, sparkling with dew. Outside there’s a small patio and a patch of garden with flower beds. John wonders how much of the land behind belongs to the cottage. There’s no fence or hedge or divide to show him. Does it extend all the way up to the woods on the hill?
The doctor explains John’s injuries and how they've treated him and Sherlock vaguely listens, but doesn't really. Lestrade is there to listen to the important parts for him. All he wants to know is when John will wake up, but when he asks the doctor’s answer is maddeningly vague: he doesn't know how long it will take John’s body to recover from the surgery. Sherlock gets a faint urge to break everything in the room (except John of course, John needs to be fixed) but it soon passes.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “You should have learnt by now that you can’t bluff to me. Why persist in trying?”
John wakes him the next morning. From the doorway. Normally if John wakes him it involves a hand on his shoulder, but it seems that may have changed now. Will they stay like this from now on? He has learnt to enjoy the physical (and emotional) closeness of another human being with John. He doesn’t want that to disappear now that he has it.
John does lift his head then, to slide up Sherlock’s body and kiss him slow and sweet. Sherlock sighs again and lets himself be lost in the gentle kiss.
They walk along the coast path to the cottage, pausing to pick up some food in town. They don’t have much luggage, just a few changes of clothes each (they plan to spend a lot of their time naked or in wolf form) and Sherlock’s violin. The owner is pleased to see them back, says something about how they must’ve sorted out their little tiff from last time. Sherlock ignores her and takes their things upstairs. John joins him once the owner has left, slides his arms around Sherlock’s waist from behind, stretches up to kiss his neck.
He gets only milliseconds of warning, a rustle of clothing and a whistle in the air that have only just registered when the whip cracks open the skin of his back. He cries out. Before he tried to keep in his noise, not giving them the pleasure of his pain. Now he shouts and screams and sobs and he doesn’t care. The second blow brings with it a rush of air, carrying the lingering smell of cigarettes. The air settles on his tongue as he gasps in oxygen, the taste of nicotine lighting up his brain and mixing confusingly with the red heat across his back. On the third blow he hears the distant, muffled chime of a church bell under his groan. He counts.
“It’s just that it’s, well… It’s… a bit…” John spends several seconds searching for a suitable word. “A bit unusual. That’s all.”
Sherlock flops down onto his uninjured side. John doesn’t know if he can understand human speech right now. This is his first change, and the human side of him is battling the intrusion of the wolf. Sherlock’s clearly confused, probably in pain; he’s keeping up a low, steady whine. John just hopes his voice is providing him a little comfort.
Eventually Sherlock gets up. John licks him again, happily this time, and leads the way to the door. Outside is better. Sherlock will like outside. Wind, new scents. A fox came past last night after them. Its scent is sharp and strong. It tickles John’s nose. Sherlock is sniffing the air too. An owl hoots.
Sherlock spits. That was what John smelt last night. He’s bundled into another vehicle, a family car, incongruous in the depot full of vans, but commonplace on the streets of Greater London. John pauses the video and scribbles down the digits of the number plate that he can make out. Then the car leaves the depot and the limits of the surveillance.
He realises now, belatedly, that they never kissed in the shower. John’s lips touched his neck, left marks that have faded now, but never touched Sherlock’s lips. He thinks that would have felt more intimate. He wants that: comfortable intimacy. He’s never imagined that he could have that with someone.
He picks one of the three buildings at random. The revolving doors are locked, but he manages to pry one open with the help of a crowbar left on the ground nearby, and slips inside. Okay. This will likely be a lobby. He doubts there’ll be direct access to the basement here, assuming there is one. Listening carefully for any other sign of life, he makes his way to the back of the building. In one corner, tucked away behind non-operational lifts, he finds a stairwell with,
Lestrade smiles without humour. “I don’t think money is what most of the criminal classes want from Sherlock.”
John raises his gun in its direction. “Let him go or you will regret it,” he says, voice steely. “I will hunt you down and kill you and every person you care about.”
Sherlock nods, mouth already busy on John’s neck, seeking out his sensitive spots. He manhandles John closer, kisses up his neck, along his jaw. John rolls them so that Sherlock is underneath him and Sherlock automatically spreads his legs. John kisses him deeply, trailing one hand over his chest, fingers rubbing at his nipples, then drifting lower. God, he could kiss John all day long. Future experiment, perhaps. He wants to crawl inside John’s mouth, be consumed by him even as he consumes John. But for now he settles for sliding his tongue into John’s mouth.
The pack pays him no heed. Their leader stands facing John, too close. Clearly looking to start a fight. John is doing everything he can to warn them off, but Sherlock can only feel hostility from them. John takes a warning step forward.
He picks up his violin. This can be added into his composition, this frustration, the need to change already, before it’s even dark. He tries out a few melodies but everything ends up with him venting his frustration through his violin, and not in a musical way. After fifteen minutes he can’t stand any more.
Sherlock sighs. He doesn’t want whatever happened in the shower to distance them, but it seems like that’s what’s happening.
Sherlock isn’t always a whirlwind. He will quite contentedly spend long hours monitoring a slow-progressing experiment. Sometimes he lies on the sofa and his brain doesn’t seem to be a hive of activity like it is when he’s visiting his mind palace. John thinks that very few people have ever seen him quiet and patient like this. John is a rare someone who is privileged to.
Sherlock spends a long time upstairs in the bathroom. He must have chosen the bath. John finishes making their dinner and leaves it to simmer on the stove till Sherlock comes down. He wanders back through to the living room. Sherlock’s composition is sitting on the coffee table. He attempts to hum a few notes of it, but his sight reading was always awful and Sherlock’s scribbles and crossings out don’t make the score any clearer. He goes back to his book instead.
How has it taken him this long to catch up with his feelings? Obviously he’s wanted Sherlock for ages. In the shower he almost took what he wanted and Sherlock was responding. But he told John he didn’t want a relationship, before all this, before he had a wolf inside him that he can’t fully control. That would explain why he responded in the shower.
“I’m not saying you should let your wolf into your mind palace right now. I understand that you’re…”
His wolf curls up and dozes. Ever since he was bitten, John has been there to guide him, to advise him, to soothe his headaches. From what John and Mycroft have said, John’s own transition wasn’t as smooth, didn’t feel as… safe. He feels safe, secure, supported. He can only imagine how John felt. He doesn’t know the details. He wants John to feel how he feels now. How can he do that?
No. Sherlock told him the men he was looking for were dangerous, and John can’t stand the idea of Sherlock in danger for some reason, a fact that Sherlock regularly exploits. He gets saved, John gets his danger and excitement. It’s win-win, really.
John wakes early the next morning despite the late night. He slept well; Sherlock’s violin had played through his dreams, soothing him. The flat is silent now. He gets ready for the day, pausing to look into Sherlock’s room. He’s fast asleep, sprawled on his front, hair wild. John smiles, quietly closes Sherlock’s door, and goes out.
In Afghanistan, he says slowly, there was a local man, who had a hawk. I can’t describe the connection because I’ve never seen anything like it before or after, until you and Nyx. But I don’t know why I can understand her.
Ugh, hideous. Mycroft is sitting in John’s chair. Where is John? Sherlock needs to talk to him. John knows what’s going to happen to him. John promised he wouldn’t leave. Now Sherlock is, he’s— he’s— He needs John. He can’t process this alone. Mycroft’s presence is painful. He wants nothing more than to turn his back on his brother, but that would mean lying on his injured side.
His hands are in Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock looks at him, decides whether he wants it fast or slow today. He starts stroking John’s cock. Slow it is.
John sighs and rubs at his eyes. “I’m knackered. But you should change back before we go back to bed.”
“Once this is over he won’t care until the next full moon. We need to get back to London. To cases. Normality.”
“We both go to sleep in wolf form.” He stands up from the fire and moves to stretch out on the sofa.
When both their bodies are desperate for more, Sherlock rolls on top of John and starts working his way down. He nibbles down the column of his neck, licks over a mark he left on John’s collarbone two nights ago. He pays special attention to his nipples, licking, sucking, and rubbing for minutes on end until John’s hips are shifting and his fingers are clenching in the sheets. Sherlock wants to get him worked up, supersensitive. Maybe one day he could make him come just from nipple play. It would be a good bedroom experiment. Now though, he noses down John’s ribs, nips gently at the small layer of fat covering John’s belly that Sherlock adores. John’s erection nudges against his chin. Sherlock ignores it in favour of a few teasing kisses on his hips, but he can’t resist for long. He settles between John’s spread legs, mouth watering.
“That’s bribery,” Sherlock complains. He still appears to be in a sulky mood. “I could just leave by myself and go to Scotland Yard.”
As John predicts, the pattering of a light rain on the roof starts as soon as he sends the text. For the moment it’s just heavy drizzle, so he doesn’t worry about Sherlock getting too wet. He lights a fire so they can get Sherlock’s heavy woollen coat drying once he’s back. It still takes a good fifteen minutes for Sherlock to return.
He nods. Stripping in front of each other is embarrassment-free now, and he has full rein to rake his eyes over John’s strong body, his muscles gleaming in the dying glow of the fire. John does the same. Sherlock has gained a little weight, from the mountains of food his body needs after a change. John, with his doctor hat on, has said it’s healthy weight, and admittedly Sherlock does feel stronger, so he can’t complain. He doesn’t complain about John’s very tactile approval of his healthier body, either.
“Mmm. Quite late. About half eleven. I find it’s easier to change when the moon is higher. What do you want to do until then?”
John brushes him off and stands to examine his cuts in the mirror. They’re not so deep, fortunately, three parallel lines running along his cheekbone. He’d turned his head in time to avoid any worse.
Sherlock is rushing about, examining the square white hives. His childish enthusiasm is intoxicating. John grins.
“Your body is trying to heal a vicious bite and adapt to a completely new form, all while sustaining constant head pain and running on your standard sleep deficit. It’s hardly surprising that you need rest.”
“I persuaded him to go and get some food. He’s been sitting by your bedside for hours, worrying himself.”
The man moaning above him is shoving his penis too far down Sherlock’s throat. That’s normal. The fact it happens every time doesn’t make it easier to deal with. Sherlock forces a moan of his own; if he’s lucky it’ll earn him a little extra. He’s an expert at it now, has done it enough times. All his dealers know his supplies of money have been cut off, but everyone knows that there’s more than one way to pay. When one dealer takes things too far, Sherlock simply breaks away and finds a new one. He’s good at disappearing.
for Sherlock. His head swims with it, his stomach flips, and then before he can stop himself his lips are on Sherlock’s and he’s holding hard onto Sherlock’s arms. Sherlock’s small noise of surprise is muffled between them. He leans in slightly just as John pulls away. They stare at each other for a few seconds.
“You are still human. You’re a human in wolf form. Not biologically a wolf. Just a human in a different shape.”
Together their hands on John’s cock slow and still. He lets go and flops back down onto the bed. His brain is quiet and fuzzy, his wolf content, the stress and tension of the past few days gone. John shuffles, turns over, and insinuates himself in Sherlock’s embrace. He nuzzles at Sherlock’s chest, neck, pushes himself up the bed on stretched toes and kisses Sherlock, warm and unhurried. Sherlock feels himself melting as he returns the kiss without finesse, soft and sated. He hums his satisfaction.
John moves his slicked-up fingers down, down, and circles them around Sherlock's hole. Sherlock shudders, eyes dropping closed.
“I know. That’s not what I said. But don’t you realise? It doesn’t have to be all you alone now. You’ve got me to help you.”
In very little time the car pulls up outside 221. Mrs. Hudson lets him in (John’s keys are still at Harry’s and although he’s certain Mycroft has a secret set of keys, Mycroft clearly doesn’t want him to know for sure). Inside the flat Lestrade is pacing up and down, phone in hand.
Sherlock strokes his hands through John’s hair, cups his face, brings it up to pepper it with kisses.
John doesn’t usually come home angry and he’s late. The mud on his shoes indicates that he was walking in the park. Conclusion: he must have been even angrier than this, and walked it off.
He follows the trail, nose to ground, to the end of the alley, and comes up against a gated chain link fence. One corner is turned up. John wriggles through and into a barren warehouse that leads through to a quiet back street. He waits for a van to pass, then follows the oil trail down the street. They’d stuck to back streets, private roads, keeping out of the public eye. It’s a twisting route, but it leads out of the city. Now he’s in a depot, vehicles lined up silently for the night. There the trail stops.
, but his eyes can’t adjust to utter blackness. How the fuck is he going to get Sherlock out of this unharmed?
It’s standard, plain A4 paper, folded in half. John unfolds in, stomach clenching, and reads the words printed on it:
“Woah there.” John catches hold of him and sets him upright again. “No more arguing. We’re going home.”
“I’m counting on it.” Sherlock is trying to maintain their banter, but it’s a poor effort when it’s that breathless.
It makes him want John. He fell asleep with John licking and nuzzling him, and now he’s surrounded by his scent. He wants more, so badly that his body is aching for it. Wiggling his hips, he finds that John is hard too.
Damn it. Now he’s thinking about bending Sherlock in half in bed, again. Not while in the same room as Sherlock! That’s the rule.
He doesn’t hold back, letting the moans escape his throat with every thrust. John’s rhythm falters, then steadies, faster now as they both near orgasm. He is aching for John to touch his dick, so close just from the friction and force of John’s cock inside of him. John keeps him burning at just the right temperature, knowing exactly how long to draw out his pleasure.
It all happens very quickly, then. The leader lashes out, claws John around the face. Sherlock’s careful control snaps. They hurt John,
“On the contrary, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says. “I believe this is something you will want to hear as a matter of urgency."
Shit. These men are Weres; they’ll trust their instincts. Does he act now, while he still has a slight element of surprise? Their attention will be more focused on Sherlock now that they sense a threat.
“Yes, I’m tired of it too,” he says. This is what he’s been reduced to. He’s talking to himself, but not even the human side of himself.
Sherlock comes through to the kitchen messily dressed. He looks not entirely there. He must be processing last night. There’ll be a lot for his brain to figure out. John puts a cup of tea and a plate of food in front of him, sits opposite with his own and tucks in.
However it started, it becomes a habit. Nyx is unhappy with it. It makes my head hurt, she says. It makes me sick. It makes everything sing, in a bad way. No, Sherlock tells her. It’s the rush. Can’t you feel it too?
He’s right. Around two days before Sherlock was taken, on the Sunday night (or really, Monday morning), a man sneaks into the depot for a recon. John is 99% certain he’s one of the men who took Sherlock. Again there’s that feeling of recognition. He avoids the cameras, though, and he has a beanie pulled low over his forehead. He’s unidentifiable from what they have on CCTV. There’s nothing else useful that John can glean from this.
It’s working well so far. He can feel that his wolf is a little tense from the constant observation, but it’s not miserable. John has noticed the difference too. He’s happier, less worried than last night. He was right, too; the rain isn’t bothering them in wolf form at all. Even so, they naturally gravitate to the trees and the cover they provide. Scents are muted in the rain and it’s frustrating his wolf. It wants to smell as well as it could before. They can’t hunt and track like this.
“You idiot. You’re meant to let your wolf in, not block it out. Blocking it out won’t help anything.”
“You plan to do that? To retire with me?” Shouldn’t he be worried or upset that Sherlock has decided his future without consulting him? He can’t bring himself to be.
John is not one for idle threats. He means this. Sherlock pouts to express his annoyance and goes to explore the cottage instead.
Sherlock rumbles a soft hum. He sounds like a content cat. Funny to think that he’s part-wolf now. John wouldn’t have ever imagined it happening to Sherlock.
Sherlock feels his cheeks heat. He licked John’s face. Which was probably not good. Does it matter to John that they were in wolf form?
Sherlock grumbles and jabs at the second phone to get it to connect. John swear colourfully at a driver who cuts him up.
Once again, Sherlock becomes the tall, cold-looking one with the terrifying dog, but this time the reputation is among the members of New Scotland Yard. With Lestrade’s promotion to detective inspector, Sherlock is able to get more influence, most importantly to get Nyx inside the building. Sometimes he wishes she could still change forms, or had settled as something more subtle, but then she chases a criminal along an alley and bites his ankles to bring him down and Sherlock falls more in love with her. His mind still attempts to tear itself to shreds, when Lestrade has no cases, or only pathetically easy cases, but now instead of growling at invisible nothings in the corner, Nyx growls at him not to go out and give in to temptation. Not again.
Sherlock’s fur seems to tighten, then sink into his body, as his bones crack and twist. A mix of a wolf’s whine and a human’s groan comes from his throat. Limbs shift, his face changes shape, teeth replace canines, and then Sherlock is lying curled on the alley floor, whole, except for the harsh-looking bite marring his pale side. He’s unconscious.
The bed is warm. Sherlock smells of his posh shampoo. But he’s still holding himself a little tense. John slips his hand under Sherlock’s top and draws gentle patterns on his waist. Sherlock sighs again, relaxing under John’s ministrations. He’s so responsive. John can’t wait until tomorrow morning.
How long is it later when Sherlock shifts? John realises that he’s been in a half-doze, hypnotised by the repetitive stroking of Sherlock’s hair. One hour? Two? Sherlock rolls onto his back, his head still in John’s lap. The tension in his face is gone now.
Sherlock becomes withdrawn, sullen. His teachers tell the headmaster that he’s too clever, but the headmaster doesn’t know what to do about it. He allows Sherlock extra hours in the laboratory, turning a blind eye to most of the explosions, because it seems to keep Sherlock under more control than a classroom does. He tells the chemistry technicians to limit what substances Sherlock can get his hands on, but Sherlock is more inventive than they expected and the explosions aren’t averted. Sherlock has his own seat facing the windows at the back of the lab, ignoring whatever class is behind him. The happiest he gets now is a small quirk of his mouth when Nyx pokes her head up at the lab windows when no one’s looking, or the nights when he can sneak Nyx into his bedroom.
He steps out into the cold night and pops the collar on his coat to keep in the phantom heat of John’s hand on the back of his neck. He begins to calculate the chances that that was the last time he will see John, and then stops himself when they get worryingly high. Faced with the bleak emptiness of a future without John, he turns to the one thing that has always filled that emptiness, smoothed over his jagged emotions, stilled the rushing world. He has plenty of contacts still, a natural by-product of close association with his homeless network.
Sherlock huffs and takes John’s wrist (gently, even though he’s being an idiot) in his mouth. He tugs slightly.
Sherlock gets up and rifles through his sheet music. John has never said, but Sherlock knows what he likes for every mood. This requires some Bach.
“You’ve already killed people I care about!” the man shouts, voice cracking. “You just killed Daniel, and you shot Ste, and you killed Tom!”
“As you can see,” John says. “Sherlock is just the same as always, and definitely doesn’t need to be locked away in your centre. Now it really is far too early in the morning for this. Leave.”
Then he doesn’t think much, because John has him pressed against the wall and is sucking at his neck. Sherlock clutches at his arms, slides his hands down, around John’s waist, to his lower back. The cold of the tiles hardly registers on his back but John’s body against his prickles with heat, almost stings. John grabs one of Sherlock’s cold hands from his back and brings it to his mouth. He looks into Sherlock’s eyes (his eyes are wild, wolfish) and slides his mouth down over Sherlock’s cold index finger. Sherlock gasps, the sound echoing off the bathroom tiles. John’s mouth is warm, so warm, and soft and wet and Sherlock
He thought that would be something that gradually happened, if ever they started a relationship (and they would never). But here he is, in love, properly
John’s wolf has been howling for action for hours. His nerves are bubbling under the surface, but he tries to keep them and his wolf as calm as possible. Logically he knows that he has no choice but to wait for nightfall, but every second spent waiting is putting Sherlock in more danger. He’s working on the assumption that Sherlock is alive. He can’t consider the alternative.
He bites his lip to keep his moan from escaping. Never before has this felt so good. He tightens his hand around his cock, imagines John’s mouth on him. His hips jerk. Oh, God. John sucking him until he comes down his throat. Sherlock dragging him back up, spinning them so John is pinned against the tiles, wrapping his hand around John’s dick and stroking him, just like this, hand tight around him, with a little twist at the top of each stroke,
“Storm tonight. A big one. Someone in the pub warned you, so you bought candles because you like to be prepared.”
He stands up. Mycroft is, shockingly, silent. After a few seconds of staring him down, John leaves, banging the door behind him.
.  The problem is that sunset is relatively early at this time of year, so even though it’s been dark for a while, the streets are still busy. He forces himself to wait two more hours, then goes down to the shed behind 221.
Some physical exertion is in store, then. Sherlock packs sports clothes and trainers (originally from his boxing days, now kept for disguises). His violin is permitted, but John refuses to allow him his laptop. Their phones will be left behind too.
Sherlock lingers for a moment to be sure that John is staying put, then goes to the kitchen. Making tea isn’t hard, it’s just that John does it so well, without even being asked. The kettle clicks off and Sherlock pours out the water. He briefly considers ‘accidentally’ scalding himself to give John’s doctor side something to do — it will calm him and focus him — but no, the long-term discomfort wouldn’t be worth it.
“How do you exist?” Sherlock ponders. Foolish question, but he’s lost any filter in the afterglow. It would be embarrassing with anyone but John. John just smiles. “I never thought I’d ever have a true friend, but you’re that and more. I couldn’t do this without you, none of it. I want to live the rest of my life with you. When we’re too old to chase criminals we’ll buy this cottage and retire to it, and I’ll look after the bees, and you can look after the flowers, and grow vegetables that I won’t eat, and write stories about us, and—”
John comes home angry again, but triumphant. Sherlock doesn’t know what’s happened between him and Mycroft, but he’s bristling with determination. He was gone when Sherlock woke up. Sherlock wanted to go for a run, to calm his wolf, but he’s not stupid — he knows how foolish that would be now.
It’s a little, well, cute that Sherlock felt the need to run away and leave the cottage after saying he didn’t want to live alone anymore. Especially after this morning when he happily planned out John’s retirement for him.
Sherlock stops playing. He doesn’t let himself smile. Of course he’s perfectly capable of defending himself against Mycroft, and has been for a long time before John came into his life, but he still likes hearing John do it.
John waits until he hears the shower turn on, then strips off his coat and shoes and goes through to Sherlock’s room. He’s all energy, some of it nervous, anticipatory. He tries to sit on the bed, but has to get up and pace. He’s strung out. He can hardly believe that he got Sherlock back home mostly uninjured, let alone that they’ve
He trusts John with his life, but trusting him with his mind seems harder, somehow. But John wouldn’t lie to him about this. John knows how important his mind is to him.
. He looks like a statue or a work of art in one of the many museums that John was dragged around as a kid, that was he allowed to look at but not touch. But now, finally, he
And so Sherlock basks in the joy of his orgasm and John’s fingers running trails through his hair. His mind is only a quiet fuzz. He could happily stay like this forever, holding John close.
“Mostly normal,” John replies. “Your definition of normal is going to have to change. You’re taking this remarkably well.”
surprising was the strength of John’s reaction. Of course John would oppose the idea; as Sherlock’s doctor, he’s perfectly qualified to care for him, and he knows how much Sherlock would hate being locked up in a centre like that.
Why must John cling to the belief that his life follows a normal path? It doesn’t, and hasn’t for a long time. That’s part of the reason he’s so intriguing to Sherlock.
John closes his eyes and breathes steadily, easing himself away from a dangerous edge. He sighs softly. He wants what he can’t have so badly, but this bed-sharing thing that they’re apparently doing now is… well, it’s better than anything he thought he’d ever have. He reaches out to touch Sherlock’s curls lightly, then slides out of bed.
Sherlock flicks an ear. Ridiculous. He likes their furniture, so he respects it (except the kitchen table. That’s expendable). John hums softly, gently stroking Sherlock’s chest. The tune is from the piece Sherlock is composing. Part of the cottage section. His eyes drift closed.
Sherlock wants to reach out and touch to somehow soothe John’s anger. He doesn’t know how well that would be received.
“Alright?” John asks. He stays crouched for a moment more, then stands up and closes his eyes. His change is quick, unlike Sherlock’s. The wolf watches disinterestedly, but within it, Sherlock stares. Did his change happen like that? It looks monstrous.
He grins and takes off. Sherlock follows closely behind him. He’s put some thought into this. They’re shaking off tails both physical and digital.
Sherlock’s fingers dig bruises into John’s arse as he tries to catch his breath, tries to chase his orgasm which is
“How do you know so much, John? You knew what the bite meant. You knew to take off my coat and my belt. You knew when it would hurt. Most people hardly even know about the existence of Weres.”
John carefully schools his expression to show only weary acceptance. “Yeah. Bye, Greg.” He closes the door.
“... that no cab was willing to take you home. I know Henry and I were there when you returned. Just like Billy the skull.”
“No, classical music, if you don’t mind. I’m actually on the way to a concert, and I’m afraid I’m going to miss it. So, it would be great to at least follow via radio.”
Mary-Ann’s rushing to the tree had blurred the footprints, so I could no longer tell which ones were hers, the victim’s or someone else’s.
“My loyal John,” Sherlock Holmes whispers in his ear. And the head of the guards by day does his utmost to stand still and not react yet because they both enjoy the game too much.
“The case seemed to be staged by a man who loves to joke, doesn’t it? It’s a strange, maybe a perverse version of humour, but I got the impression that the murderer loved playing with us.”
In the distant harbour, a handful of fishing boats headed out. “Any boats missing? Any other modes of transportation? A hansom? Anything?”
preferred disguises: my companion would put on his sailor outfit, let his curls loose and would smear some kohl and grease into his hair and face. Some people would not talk to Sherlock Holmes, but Basil would be chatted up regularly. It
“My business partner and I run a small detective agency. Our office is here in Baker Street, 221b. However… we are reputable men, and we do not have access to the more disreputable parts of London.”
While I knew all too well that following Holmes on another adventure would be far from action-free, I would never let him go on his own. Further, to see something else than our rooms, after being bedridden for weeks, was tempting. I was a country boy, and even as I apparently suppressed parts of my past, some clear air seemed exactly what the doctor would order.
"But why not ask Landsbury directly? I don’t understand all these mysteries, Holmes. It’s about finding the colonel’s daughter and you seem to refuse to question Miss Parker."
“Coward! I'm going to go kill this kid myself. It won't be any more difficult than slitting a rabbit's throat for dinner.
Phrased as a question, yet Sherlock doesn’t expect an answer. After all, they both know Bea and Jessie and are therefore not surprised that the girls end up rooming together.
n’t recall how I ended up here, but hopefully, the person at my bedside would have all the answers...
Human and wolf side consult and John decides that no, actually, he won’t change back just yet. He paces across the room to curl up by the embers of the fire.
John grins and does so, sinks into the kiss and sinks into Sherlock. It’s hot, sticky, heady. He wants to suspend this moment forever. Sherlock is picking up John's best kissing tricks now, and John's never had anyone do
Exhaustion gets the better of them, eyelids drooping. They’ve only had a few hours of sleep, and several hours of running around in wolf form. John yawns into their kiss and chuckles at himself. He pulls away from Sherlock’s lips. Backlit by the sunrise, his hair is a golden halo.
John is leaving the clinic a few days later when an anonymous black car pulls up beside him. Mycroft really needs to leave them alone. John has deleted more emails about this stupid centre than he can count. He ignores the car and keeps walking. He can feel his mood beginning to sink and just wants to be at home with Sherlock already. The car idles alongside him. John wonders whether he can get away with walking all the way home or whether they’ll bundle him into the car and take him hostage.
Finally he reaches the spot where Sherlock was taken. He wants to sniff around out on the street, to trace the attackers’ scents to their point of origin, but it’s too busy. Quickly he slips into the alley and gives his wolf a little more control.
The ride takes them out to Greater London. They get off at an insignificant stop even Sherlock has never heard of, with no connecting lines. Surely they’re going farther than this?
The basement, through an empty doorway at the bottom of the stairs, is dark. No, not just dark, pitch black. It’s unlikely there’s anyone here. He listens carefully, to confirm his suspicions, then heads back up the stairs and out the building.
At least there is one advantage, he thinks, watching the muscles in John’s back, arse, and thighs as he moves to the bathroom. He smiles to himself, then smiles some more about how soppy he’s being. The taps are running in the bathroom. A yawn surprises him and he turns his head to look at the clock on the bedside table. 0:17. A new day has come without either of them noticing.
Sherlock slips from the dirty alley checking the time on his phone. A little after midnight. He shoves his hands into his pockets, one wrapped around his phone and the other curled protectively around the flimsy plastic bag that he worked for tonight. Once he’s back in his flat he’ll be able to forget all of this; he’ll wash the taste away with a swill of mouthwash and the memories away with a chemical high.
Sherlock isn’t entirely sure what John says but he sounds tired too. He thinks he might make a noise of agreement. His blanket is warm. He finally understands the expression ‘bone tired’. He falls asleep.
“My injury wasn’t easy to heal. It was jostled too much when I was moved, and the surgeon cared more about efficiency than neatness. I understand, of course, but— Well. It got infected. I was weak, and out of it. I didn’t know what was happening to me. I hurt all over. I had this pounding headache that the painkillers wouldn’t touch. I felt foggy. My mind felt wrong. I thought it was the pain and the infection, and all the drugs I was on. My shoulder was burning, my mind was burning. Everyone was so busy that they didn’t think about the circumstances of my attack, or how long it had been.
. For a second he’s hit with the shock of that, of how it’s finally happening, what he thought would never happen. Shock so strong it feels like a physical blow.
It’s night, he thinks. He’s 95% sure. He can tell from the cold air that comes in every time someone new enters his cell, even though all air is cold here. Night air has a certain sort of biting chill to it. The next man who comes in to enjoy the show brings in the chill air and a waft of sharp cigarette smoke. Sherlock inhales deeply — as deeply as his ribs and strained position will allow. He would do anything,
Sherlock can almost taste the emotion in his mouth, on his lips. John’s hand buries itself in Sherlock’s hair and they clutch at each other, kissing like they’ll never come up for air. It’s incredible, how much simply kissing John makes him
John leads them back to the cottage. “You felt that, didn’t you?” he says. “When you connected with your wolf. That’s what you need to do to change.”
“But it might,” says Lestrade. “The timing is suspicious. You both disappeared for his first change, and now he’s been taken so soon after the second?”
Images flash into John's head of Sherlock writhing, sweating on these sheets with his fingers inside himself, thinking of John. Moaning. Moaning his name?
“If you want to help us, you’ll have to calm down. A panicked attitude will help no one, least of all Sherlock.”
“If you don’t change yourself tonight, your body will change for you. And trust me, that’s just as fucking painful as when you get bitten. Bullet wound included.”
“Sherlock, look at me. Good. Listen, this isn’t going to be easy. It’s going to really fucking hurt, but you’ll get through it. Understand?”
Harry’s in a good patch at the moment, although John almost wishes she weren’t because it would give him something to focus on and deal with other than Sherlock. She’s back with Clara and they’re both fine with John crashing on their sofa for a couple of days. Sober Harry is far too inquisitive.
He doesn’t want to take this out on John. He’s doing his best. “It’s not a science,” he says. “I understand.”
“There. That wasn’t so hard, was it?” he says, standing to put away the tweezers. “I’m sure you could’ve done it yourself with how, um… flexible you are.”
The man pushes him away by his head and leans back against the alley wall, catching his breath. Sherlock wipes away saliva from his mouth and chin and stays kneeling, staring at the floor, brain curiously, unpleasantly silent. After a few moments, the man rummages in his back pocket and chucks a clear bag of white powder down to Sherlock.
John leaves early for work the next morning, before Sherlock is awake. Instead of the usual substandard articles and poorly researched medical journals that he’s been leaving for Sherlock all this week, he leaves a document open on Sherlock’s laptop:
He swipes his composition up off the table and sits by the fire, staring at his music and chewing on a pencil.
John gives him a moment of privacy then follows up after him. Sherlock is kneeling hunched over the toilet, his sleepy, rosy cheeks now pale.
At around the four a.m. mark, John slows the video down and watches more closely. He’s never seen himself in wolf form before. His wolf has never been fussed about seeking out a mirror. He doesn’t blend into the alley as well as he would have hoped — certainly not as well as Sherlock would have, with his dark coat. He looks like he’s determined, on a mission. The video cuts out when he leaves the depot, looking less determined, more dejected. He opens the next video, working backwards in time.
John doesn’t have time to remove the rest. “It won’t be long now,” he says. “I hope you weren’t too attached to that suit.”
“Speaking of moaning…” John says, and pushes him back against the wall, sinks to his knees and sinks his mouth around Sherlock’s cock.
. John’s hips jerking into his fist, just like this. Sherlock’s back arches and as the John of his imagination comes, Sherlock comes too, barely cutting off a moan. John, John,
He wants to see his reflection in a mirror, see just how much Sherlock has covered him in marks and claimed him. But not yet. Not now that he’s got a warm, happily well-fucked Sherlock in bed with him.
“So do I. And what’s best for anyone going through their first change is the smallest amount of stress possible. Sherlock would never be happy in a specialist centre. He’d be out of his mind with boredom.”
Synthetic, sterile clothing, cleaning fluids that can remove blood. Sherlock has met some of the men who do Mycroft’s heavier legwork. He has no desire to meet them again.
Growling. Yellow eyes. Had there been a dog? Thomas Finchley didn’t own a dog. But, ah! The throbbing pain on his side is a bite. He remembers being bitten. But where did the dog come from?
Sherlock is beautiful, cheeks flushed pink, lips parted and kiss-swollen. His cock is straining against his trousers. God, he’s a gorgeous sight, and they haven’t even made it out of their coats and shoes yet.
How funny that their usual positions are reversed. John pulls off his top. His hands are fine — knuckles not bruised or scraped. But then that’s because his fists had been paws.
“Enough with the twenty questions.” John rests a hand on his arm, but only briefly. “Yeah I, uh, I looked it up. There was a full moon a few days before we started this case, so you’ve got a little under a month.”
Three days after John broke Sherlock out of the clinic and took him home, the prescription painkillers have finally made progress on Sherlock’s headache. They’re able to go to Scotland Yard and give Lestrade their statements on the Finchley case. John appreciates that absolutely no mention is made of his gun (thanks to Mycroft, probably). He doesn’t fail to notice the new way Lestrade looks at Sherlock when Sherlock has his back turned, but thankfully he doesn’t say anything. Sherlock doesn’t need sympathy, just support.
For a moment John gets lost in his eyes, which are similar to his puppy dog eyes, but in an innocent, non-manipulative way capable of making John's heart melt. But he snaps out of it for Sherlock's sake, who is looking more and more uncomfortable the longer John leaves him in this state of nerves. He raises his hands to cup Sherlock's face.
“You’re already dosed up,” John says. “I bet you’re bored of being cooped up though. Shall we break out of here?”
Sherlock blinks once, then jumps off the bed and pads to the door, continuing to growl softly in the back of his throat.
He can tell it won’t be long now. It’s a fine balancing act sometimes. He can deduce, can tell what will get them off in a matter of minutes, but too quick and they won’t give him anything in return. He has to find the line: fast enough to get out of there as soon as possible, slow enough to count.
“So you connect to your wolf, like before, but you stay connected this time. There’s the urge to change. You hold onto that. Forget your human body, stay focused on your wolf’s desire to change, and you’ll just… change.”
It comes out croaky and hoarse thanks to his inner battle against the puppy dog eyes. But it makes Sherlock's pleading face drop and be replaced with a wide-eyed look of… something else. It’s gone within a second though, before John can place it.
Sherlock narrows his eyes and puts on the haughtiest expression he can manage when flushed, ruffled and out of breath, which is to say, not very haughty at all.
“But they’re still important to me. Why should I have to sit through and suffer my wolf being an idiot because intelligence isn’t important to it?”
Sherlock manages to say yes, but it’s drowned out by the thunder. John, wonderful John, understands what he didn’t say.
, John!” Sherlock's foot is extended with force towards John and he has to quickly step back to avoid being kicked.
After all that, slipping into a relationship didn’t seem like such a big change. It felt natural. It felt right.
Sherlock drinks without answering. How alright he is depends on what happened, and he can’t remember that.
John likes it. Sherlock whines at him. John is amused at him again. He snorts and runs away. Sherlock lifts one leg, then another, tries to shake the gritty stuff off his paws. John calls to him, a short yip, then another. The smell of salt is very strong down here. He hears water.
“Less talking, more listening. Mycroft’s men just attempted to catch me, probably to whisk me off to that centre, but I’m safe now. I’m not sure when I’ll be able to come home. They’re probably watching the flat. You know what to do, yes?”
Lestrade grimaces as if he knows the news he’s brought isn’t good enough. It hardly even constitutes news.
“We have CCTV footage of three men attacking Sherlock and dragging him into an alley,” Mycroft says.
that getting angry with Sherlock won’t get him out of his sulk, but sometimes the man is too difficult. He could be making the transition so much easier for himself. They only have a little over a fortnight until the full moon and Sherlock’s first real change.
John puts a paw on his leg to stop him. This isn’t a conversation they can have while one of them can’t actually talk.
“Mmm, storm. Trapped outside, lost.” Why is it so difficult to form sentences? “Only little. Couldn’t get back home. Myc found me.”
John’s wolf must be intensifying his feelings too. On his next pass, Sherlock grabs John’s arm and pulls him to sit down on the bed. He grips his arms.
Sherlock didn’t think John could surprise him anymore, but he manages to yet again when, instead of heading for the stairs, he turns and limps his way to Sherlock’s room. Sherlock follows after him, a little bewildered, feeling like he’s missed something important.
Sherlock’s stomach growls and he looks at it, as if confused. John laughs and throws Sherlock’s clothes at him (as nice as he is without them) and heads to the kitchen to get breakfast going.
The foreplay and teasing has gone on long enough. He wants to come now, wants to watch John’s orgasm, wants his mind quiet and overwashed by pleasure. John agrees. He shifts his weight fully atop Sherlock, rearranges their legs, and takes both their cocks together in his hand. They’re pressed together chests to bellies to cocks to thighs. John’s toes push against Sherlock’s calves as he thrusts into his hand and against Sherlock’s cock. Sherlock is breathless with moaning and panting, but he claims John’s mouth anyway, kissing him with all the passion and heat and
At half eleven, John stands up. Sherlock hasn’t been looking at the clock at all, but he instantly stands up too, looking the most apprehensive John has ever seen him.
Sherlock wraps his hands tight around his whisky glass. It doesn’t hide the fact that they’re shaking. John finishes off the last of the knots.
“Why don’t we just change?” Sherlock asks once they’re outside. “We’ll have better vision and surer footing in our wolf forms.”
There’s logic behind John’s decision. Both their wolves are anxious this close to the full moon, keen to run, and the long walk to and from town will satisfy them a little.
John is waking up. He watches as his face gradually awakens, loses its sleepy laxness. Then his eyes open. Their blue goes perfectly with the sea and the sky and the walls. John blinks a few times, then smiles. He can almost hear John’s brain whirring into action.
When they break apart for breath, he traces his fingers along John’s jaw. John turns turns his head to nip playfully at them.
Then there is a wolf in front of him, smaller than Sherlock, its fur a soft grey with sandy overtones. Sherlock yips in happy recognition and bounds forward. He trips and ends up with his muzzle to the floor. Why aren’t his legs working properly?
Already? Time has flown. They’ve been out longer than two hours, this time. Carefully, they make their way back to 221’s back alley, silent and unspotted. They squeeze into the hardly-a-shed and change back.
Three hours later and Sherlock is a whir of activity, pacing, mirroring his wolf, who wants to come out
The habit worsens. Sherlock ignores Nyx’s protests, which drift to his ears as if through water. You’ve been kicked out of your college. How are you going to pay for this? What are you doing? You’re destroying your brain. She tries to intimidate the dealers Sherlock goes to, but Sherlock’s desperate, drugged-up eyes and the money he brandishes at them persuades them otherwise. Sherlock sinks further away from Nyx, and Nyx despairs, unable to stop him escaping her, forced to stay and watch him trickle away.
Sherlock can’t help it then. He reaches out and rests a hand on John’s shoulder, grounds him in the here and now, in Baker Street. Alive. If John had died out in Afghanistan, Sherlock would never have met him. He can’t imagine a life without John now.
“They are all being checked out as we speak,” Mycroft says. “But I can assure you that it is a very private and confidential institution.”
Their eyes meet. Packmates. Lovers. John slowly pushes into him. Oh, God. He bites his lips against the stretch, focuses on John’s pupils dilating as he gets deeper. He’s so warm inside of him, and so hard. He swears he can feel John’s pulse racing inside of him.
For a short minute, Sherlock feels the need to bound out of bed again and start solving things, but then John puts a hand on his waist and a hand on his shoulder and tugs at him to pull him closer. Sherlock shuffles over to him, leaving a small gap, conscious of John’s injuries.
His left hand convulsively clenches, creasing the corner of the paper. Sherlock isn’t dead, but these people will kill him unless John gets to them first. He’ll kill every one of them twice over if they dare harm Sherlock.
Sherlock explains to him, and blames himself, which John frowns at and Sherlock understands that’s his way of telling him off without having to use words. Already he feels less like he’s about to float away. Some balance has been restored.
Greg nods in sympathy. John isn’t actually sorry for overreacting. He feels this situation deserves it.
John hears a dull thud and a low, pained moan. Then there’s the sharp retort of a gun and for a split second he’s frozen —
“Of course,” Sherlock says. “You’ll be there. Unless you find a wife to settle down with.” Sherlock pulls a face which eloquently expresses his distaste for that idea.
Sherlock closes his eyes, seeing sparks, scrabbles at the tiles behind him. John sucks long and slow, drawing moans from him. His hands stroke over his thighs, slide between his legs to tug gently at his balls. This is what he’d imagined after the cottage shower, but the reality is so much more intense. John’s mouth should be illegal. He already knows how to work Sherlock just so. It’s not long before Sherlock’s hips are thrusting minutely, steadied by John’s hands, and his moans are getting louder. His hands fly to John’s hair and tug.
. He pulls the trigger. The wolf collapses with a yelp, right in front of him. Dead. Just one left. The last man is making for Sherlock. John runs. The man’s foot catches on a trailing wire, dragging the light over and plunging them into darkness. John freezes, listening hard, blood pounding in his ears. His foot skitters against a gun, the newspaper man’s, and he kicks it far away into the depths of the basement.
John’s amusement is catching. Sherlock can’t help but be drawn into the prank. They edge closer to the fence, slither under it. John starts up a soft growl. The teenagers don’t hear it yet; they’re too loud, their human eyes not sensitive enough. Sherlock adds his growl, then a short howl.
“We didn’t realise anything had happened until late last night. I texted Sherlock with a case, then called him, then called you, but no one answered. Both your phones were off. I thought something had happened to you. You must have been the last person to see Sherlock. When was that?”
Although tonight the benefits aren’t outweighing the inconveniences. Not at the moment. Sherlock is cold, and his coat is damp, which isn’t helping, but he’s tied up, so he can’t remove it. Breathing is a little painful. Each inhale brings to mind the kicks he received to his ribs when the men he was looking for surprised him by finding him first. Predator becoming prey. In the privacy of his own head, he admits that he was an idiot. He should’ve taken John with him; the man really is fast becoming invaluable to Sherlock. Perhaps that should be worrying. Or perhaps it’s just a good way to avoid a beating and being tied up in a cold, damp basement.
Sherlock feels uneasy, like he always does upon changing back. He has memories coursing through his mind seen through a different scope, largely sense-based, strange and incongruent to his human perspective. But John’s praise helps.
Sherlock’s ears twitch, turn. He looks at John. He heard it too. Together, they creep up to the top of the hill in search of the source. Stumbling footsteps, several sets of them, human. Sherlock and John crouch in the darkness under the trees. The humans are on the coast path, on the other side of the fence. Not their territory. The people get closer. They can hear their voices now, calling, laughing. The wind changes, bringing the scent of cheap alcohol. Teenagers. John huffs in amusement and looks at Sherlock, eyes glittering.
Cautiously, he places a hand on Sherlock’s back. To his relief, Sherlock doesn’t react violently, and he gets to keep his fingers.
He hastily puts his violin and bow back into their case. His arms need to be full of John right now, and it looks as if John agrees. They step into each other. His arms go around John’s shoulders, John’s arm winding around Sherlock’s waist, his other hand reaching up to cup Sherlock’s face gently. His eyes are clear, now, but the emotion is still apparent on his face.
John pulls back. He could kiss that little crease of confusion between Sherlock's eyebrows. In fact, he might.
Sherlock smiles. He does particularly like that piece and playing it was remarkably effective in calming his wolf. And John’s praise is always, always welcome.
This, howled up the stairs at a frankly impressive volume (Sherlock has never cared about the neighbours) and an honestly surprisingly high pitch, considering Sherlock has a voice deeper than all the coal mines of the North put together, which sounds exactly like how John thinks treacle and sex would sound. It’s also a voice which is currently in large amounts of pain. For approximately half a second John considers not rushing to Sherlock's aid, but the madman was doing an experiment with highly caustic acids, so John is down the stairs before his petulant thought has even fully formed. He likes Sherlock's hands as they are (quite a lot, ta) and he’d rather not deal with a moody genius recovering from third degree acid burns.
He keeps running, stumbling a little with the realisation. Sherlock is ahead, and even if he’s seen the clothes he won’t know what they mean, and their target will be angry, and Sherlock doesn’t have a gun. John takes a quick, fortifying breath, pushes down his fear, and throws himself into the alley after Sherlock.
Sherlock's shoves John's shirt off his shoulders and levels his scar with a look that says he’ll be coming back to that later. There’s a glint in his eyes. “Mmm, you don’t hear me swear often, do you?”
John dashes away and Sherlock gives chase. His legs are slightly longer and he catches up easily, tackles John to the ground, fends off his defences. This time Sherlock wins. The next two times John comes out on top. They run and chase and fight some more, and soon John backs off. Time to go home.
of contemplation, then hooks a leg around John's and smoothly flips them over. John's arousal sparks.
Sherlock slowly takes off shoes, socks, suit jacket and shirt. His hands pause for a millisecond at his trousers and it’s probably barely even noticeable to anyone except him, but to him it feels like an age he’s stuck with his hands lingering indecisively. Then he quickly undoes his trousers and kicks them off, then joins John in his bed.
Sherlock changes something with a very decisive flick of his pencil. “Plenty of orchestras tried to recruit me. I wasn’t interested.”
John pulls away and checks Sherlock’s face again. Sherlock slowly opens his eyes and sees John smiling at what he can see. He smiles back. Everything has changed but really, nothing has changed at all.
“Not really, but too late for visitors,” Sherlock replies. Reluctantly he pulls himself away from the soft sofa and soft, warm, sleepy John. “Up, John. We can’t have Mycroft thinking we go to bed in the afternoon like a couple of old men.” He switches on the light.
“That’s not the point,” he says, offended. Obviously the chips are better stolen from John’s plate. John must know this.
Sherlock makes a noise that means he could probably be persuaded to eat something and rolls into John’s warm spot, face mushed into the pillow.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, John, but as a Were…” Sherlock pauses, considering the pronoun he’ll use next. “As a Were, one can scent other Weres.”
Sherlock can imagine John hesitating over that last bit of information, deciding whether to leave it in or not.
His hair is tugged sharply, a better warning than he usually gets (none, more often than not), but much more painful. He’s always had a sensitive scalp and sometimes when his high is wearing off he spends slow hours thinking about what it would feel like if someone softly stroked their fingers through his hair. It would be nice, he thinks, but not nice enough to bother with a relationship. No one night stand would ever do that for him. Instead, he gets his hair ripped out of its sensitive follicles. The next second he feels the come sluice down his throat and settle hot like a brand in his belly. It’s part of him now. He wants to vomit.
“Don’t care, walking is quicker,” Sherlock replies, despite the fact that they’ve ended up against the connecting door fumbling with each other’s shirts and not much closer at all to their original goal.
“Try to look less like a soldier charging into battle, would you?” Mycroft says. “You’re shockingly conspicuous.”
Slowly twisting his hand around the base of Sherlock's cock, John hollows his cheeks and sucks. Light pressure at first; he doesn’t want to rush this and he’ll save the best for last. Above him, far above him, Sherlock groans. John can detect the slight impatience lingering just behind the noise. Of course Sherlock would expect everything to be fast and hard. John is going to teach him how slow and deep can also be a good option.
Then there’s a flurry of shoes, keys, kisses goodbye, and Harry is gone. Clara, who works from home, comes through and hands John a cup of tea. Where Harry is energy and questions, Clara is calm and no assumptions. John appreciates it.
It seems like mere seconds pass, then they’re both in the shower, squeezing together to get as much hot water as possible. John reaches up past Sherlock to adjust the shower head and Sherlock thinks he feels something in both of them snap.
Dinner is a quiet affair. Sherlock doesn’t want to eat. He’s hardly hungry; there’s a sort of lead ball taking up all the room in his stomach. He manages about half, because John insists he needs the energy, then pushes the rest around his plate. After, John clears and scrubs the dishes, stacking them in a neat pile beside the sink, making sure everything is tidy and ready for their gigantic breakfast tomorrow. Sherlock wonders how he can be so methodical, so calm; he wishes he had something to busy himself with. He alternates between pacing and standing at the window, staring up at the moon.
Sherlock swoops down and steals his words with a kiss, hot and deep. “I know,” he says, when he breaks away again.
John is perplexed, having been wrapped up in his book for the past hour. Was Sherlock having a mental conversation without him again? But once he manages to think back to the conversation they were having before the silence fell, he realises what Sherlock meant. He smiles and pulls out his brick phone to text Sherlock.
He carries the teas through to the living room and avoids all eye contact. Lestrade is in questioning mode, and Mycroft is far too perceptive. He doesn’t need to talk about these things with them.
John makes toast for both of them and spreads it with jam. Sherlock stares his down until it starts to go cold, but his transport wins and he eats. John finishes, rinses the stickiness from his hands, and continues teasing out Sherlock’s knots. Sherlock accepts the treatment without comment, sarcastic or otherwise, which is unusual for him, and very telling. John hates to break bad news, but he thinks this is a detail which Sherlock hasn’t realised and which he’ll want to prepare mentally for.
“I disagree,” he says. “You were in control. I saw you take control to change back. And you’re not giving your wolf enough credit. How many tiny things did you hear last night that you’ve never heard before? How many things did you smell? You tracked your own scent trail.”
He hears Sherlock take a deep, steadying breath, then feels him brush past him. “Wait for me in my room,” he says.
It’s too early to be awake. The sun is beginning to rise, a sliver of it just peeking out over the horizon. They haven’t come anywhere close to sleeping off their change, but Sherlock finds that he doesn’t care how early it is; he wants John inside him now.
He slams the door shut and marches into Regent’s Park. Mycroft had known John would be angry enough to need a walk before going home. That just makes him madder. Bloody meddling Mycroft. Finding out everyone’s secrets, deciding he knows what’s best for them without their say-so. John would love a chance to punch him in the face, but he’s not suicidal now. He keeps walking until he feels slightly less like he wants to burn everything Mycroft loves to the ground (except Sherlock), and then makes his way home.
He plays and scribbles out his music for the rest of the night, then finally collapses as the dawn breaks and sleeps for hours and hours.
Sherlock pulls a face. Although he can cook a few meals, it reminds him far too much of enforced lessons in his childhood house. Mycroft preferred baking, Sherlock preferred none of it.
John schools his face into a more neutral expression. “No, I agree. Last night was the best change Sherlock had. He’s making progress.”
Yes. Sherlock wants John to feel just as good as he does. He runs his hand down John’s stomach until it bumps against John’s dick, standing upright against his belly, straining towards Sherlock’s touch. Sherlock wraps his left hand around John’s cock, a little awkwardly. There’s a bead of moisture at the tip and Sherlock runs his thumb around the head of John’s cock, slides the wetness around. John moans and squeezes his thighs tighter around Sherlock’s dick.
They haven’t done that yet. Sherlock has been curious, but so unused to any sort of sexual relationship. John has been wonderful, going at Sherlock’s pace, teaching and guiding. It’s actually been fun. Sherlock didn’t know sex could be fun. And gradually, he’s adjusted to this idea, to John inside him. His wolf side wants it too, the ultimate closeness to his packmate.
“I’ve lied to you ever since I met you. You said flatmates should know the worst about each other and I didn’t tell you.”
John smiles, still stroking Sherlock’s hair. The room is dim and warm. Sherlock’s head is a comfortable weight in his lap. His shoulder presses against John’s thigh. John can feel the tension slowly draining from him.
They reach the water, or the water reaches them. John leaps over the first wave, lands all paws in the water. He freezes, yowling. Sherlock bristles, ready to run to him. John dashes out of the water and runs mad circles in the sand. Sherlock wags his tail and dashes after him. John runs back up the steps, chased by Sherlock, wipes his sandy, cold paws on the grass. Sherlock flops on the grass, panting. Lazily, he checks the progress of the moon. They’ve been out for hours, more than double their usual wandering time. It’s approaching midnight. John comes over and sniffs at him. They’re both slower now, more gentle in their mood and movements. Sherlock licks at John’s face. John nudges him, pushing him towards the cottage. Yes. Time to sleep.
He turns his head on the pillow, curls splaying out and sticking to his damp forehead. His fingers clench on John's arse and arm. His legs tighten around John's waist. John works a hand between them and around Sherlock's cock, strokes in time with his thrusts. Sherlock squirms, his back arches, he groans John's name. His breaths are tiny gasps, eyes squeezed shut. John can feel how tense he is. He’s right there with him, balancing on the edge.
“My wolf had complete control. I could only watch. It was hurt and confused, but mostly angry. It ripped apart the bedsheets and destroyed the room, wasted all the supplies in there. A nurse somehow got me locked in, thank God. I’m sure that if she hadn’t, I would’ve gone on a rampage. They called in some tranquilisers, shot me down.
“We ran away to a cottage in the middle of nowhere because I was bitten and my brother is overbearing,” Sherlock says. “We don’t do things that people do.”
John didn’t have anyone to help him. John is just trying to help. He’s grateful that he has someone and that it’s John. The problem is that John’s help is so woefully
that I deduce you during sex,” Sherlock replies, punctuating the word enjoy with a delicious roll of his hips.
“All dull. And Lestrade won’t treat me the same way now. I saw his face when we gave our statements.” John probably thinks he didn’t notice.
John looks at the note he wrote yesterday morning, still on the kitchen table. “Sort of. Not really argued. I think some things… changed.”
Sherlock opens his eyes to look at him. He’s frowning in concentration at his laptop screen as he picks out letters and words and sentences. His typing has got quicker, actually. It’s the smallest thing that has changed since they first met years and years ago, but even so it makes Sherlock smile. Other changes have been bigger, monumental. His suicide, his return, John’s marriage. Getting shot. Telling John everything that happened while he was away. Dealing with Mary and the child that was never John’s. Helping John. John helping him.
Sherlock jerks awake a couple of hours later. John is breathing deeply, asleep, his hand buried in Sherlock’s fur. Ah. He’s still in wolf form. But it’s not that long after they went to bed; he can hear the beginning of early morning rush hour. Something’s woken him.
“You know Sherlock would escape your centre in less than a day,” John says, opting for a different route. “But me — he’d stay with me, and actually listen to me, and you know it.”
It’s late, but it doesn’t feel like it’s late enough for the sort of sordid deal they’re striking. The cold and damp soak through Sherlock’s trousers, loose and ragged at the cuffs, as he kneels in the alleyway. He’d like to think that the wetness permeating the fabric is just rain water, but in this area of London he knows better. Can smell it, in fact, the nauseating mix of piss and vomit and other bodily fluids, making him feel sick, making his job that much more difficult. His gag reflex is having a hard time of it as it is.
“Just because last night went well doesn’t mean you can lower your guard tonight,” John warns him in the shed.
What can he do to help? Mycroft’s proposal — not yet a demand — was hardly surprising, but he knows his brother better than John does. What
Sherlock loads their things into the car as John deals with the owner. He isn’t looking forward to the car journey, which would have been boring enough without this awkward silence between them. But things will feel better as soon as they’re back in Baker Street, he’s sure.
He plonks a kiss into Sherlock’s eyebrow. Sherlock can feel John’s cock against his hip, hard length, smear of wetness on his skin, gentle thrusts in time with his hand.
Sherlock shoots him a death glare that John doesn’t fully appreciate because he’s looking at the road. “I’m not a dog.”
John is making himself busy in the kitchen when Sherlock comes to collect his things downstairs. He actually feels the atmosphere solidify when John realises he’s there. His wolf feels it too. Should he say something? That they can forget it and carry on as normal? Is that what John wants?
They make their way back to the cottage after that. John just stops off briefly then heads to the pub to return the torch.
The sharp lights of the clinic’s corridors hurt Sherlock’s eyes, but outside it’s dusk and much more acceptable.
John swats him on the thigh, a light slap to reprimand him, and Sherlock freezes, eyes wide and body tense. Then he starts riding John again with renewed zest.
John continues stroking slowly but firmly. “I know you wanted to tease me,” he murmurs, breath puffing warm on Sherlock’s cheekbone.
Ah. There. Now Sherlock — human Sherlock — has control of his wolf and it’s time to turn back. He looks up at John. It’s funny seeing him from this angle, from below. As if Sherlock were on his knees.
“I know what it means, I— When?” He wants his gun, he wants to find the people that took Sherlock, he wants to hunt them all, then he wants to take Sherlock home and keep him safe.
The task is not as simple as it appears. Sherlock almost gets frustrated enough to throw the phones out of the window and into a B-road hedge.
John turns sharply and paces in the opposite direction. He can almost feel time slipping away from them, from Sherlock. He knows how kidnapping cases work. Every minute, the chance of Sherlock being found decreases.
John’s face clears and he allows Sherlock a breather, mouthing at the delicate, pale skin of his inner thigh. Sherlock works himself back from the edge.
Running through the woods is a new challenge. There are logs to jump, branches to dodge. Sodden leaves slip under his paws. They stop when they reach the fence. John slips under and sniffs carefully at the ground. Then he turns and leads Sherlock back the way they came. It smells too much of other humans over there. The human side of Sherlock’s brain realises that it must be the coast path.
As John moves about in the kitchen making their early dinner, he fetches his violin from upstairs, along with the sheet music for his composition. He was thinking about it on the way down in the train. He just needs to add the final few notes and it’ll be complete. Then he’ll play it to John, ever his best and most attentive audience. He plays through a few classical pieces, to warm up.
John slips in just the tip of a finger. Sherlock, impatient as ever, wriggles his hips, trying to get more. John gives him a look, somewhere between doctor and soldier, that manages to get him to stop. He’s not going to drag this out any longer than it needs to be because, honestly, he’s desperate to be inside Sherlock. But he won’t hurt him either.
John kisses back, then ruins the kiss by grinning. “Your nose is cold,” he murmurs. He rises on tiptoes to kiss the nose in question.
“Here’s what’s going to happen next, Sherlock. Your body is confused. Soon it’ll force the change back to your human form. That’s gonna be painful. You may pass out. But we’ll get you to hospital, and I’ll be there for you the whole time, I promise.”
John slides across the seats, closer to Sherlock. His hand cups Sherlock’s cheek, his thumb strokes gently over a bruise.
Sherlock chooses the honey and pours it over his pancakes. John stands behind him and uses the towel to gently squeeze the excess moisture out of his hair. Sherlock’s stomach rumbles. As he eats, John carefully works on the knots, holding the hair steady between his fingers so he doesn’t tug painfully. Sherlock has finished his pancakes long before John is done.
