When Dean hits the point of why Azazel was in Sam's nursery, younger Dean reaches for the whiskey bottle too.
Dean's willing to bet money that John never raised a hand to Adam. Because Adam's mom, whoever she was, surely wouldn't have allowed that. Because Adam was a son, and not a soldier. Because Adam was just a kid, not a disappointment. And Dean never let John near Sam when he was in one of his moods, and John loved Sam anyway, so it's just him - it's just Dean that John felt he had to beat something out of, or something into. And he didn't. He
"I think there's something wrong with my chest," Dean manages to get out. He's too young to be having a heart attack, probably.
“Codpiece, Cas. Codpiece.” Dean has never actually used their “safe word” before. Cas insisted that they have one after the first time Dean asked him to pin him down, and Dean had picked it as a joke that Cas never got.
Sam and Cas, pressed into either side of him. His boys, each in their own way. His little family. Sometimes it was a weight, the way Sam and Cas both seemed to look to Dean like he was their salvation. But sometimes it was this - Dean being the rock they leant towards.
Younger Dean sits up and puts his head in his free hand. "I'm not saying I don't believe you. I'm just saying it's crazy. But what about our lives has ever made sense?"
This revelation seemed a tad underwhelming to Cas, but there was a significance to Dean’s words, a heaviness to them, that Cas didn’t understand. Dean searched Cas’ face for a few seconds before he looked down again, down at his hands in the space between them.
“What?” Dean looks at Hank’s calm face, with his soldier’s posture and a lifetime of other people’s worries set in the wrinkles on his forehead. Dean doesn’t find it easy to talk, but he thinks Hank is the kind of person who is generally easy to talk to. Dean has come to the conclusion that therapy is a bit like confession - a realization that helped him in some small way. His therapist might not be a priest, and he might not be granted holy absolution, but all these painful admissions do feel something like purging his sins.
“Holy Jiminy Cricket,” she says. “Wow.” She steps toward Dean, hand extended. "I'm Charlie, presumably your new best friend."
“Hey, you okay?” Sam is looking over at him with concern in his eyes. Sam wears glasses now, which is fucking weird, and predictably makes Dean feel a small amount of guilt - because how long had Sammy needed those? Dean can’t remember ever taking Sam to get his eyes checked as a kid, and maybe it’s just part of getting older, but Dean still has the nagging sense that he should have somehow known, should have made his brother use better lights in all those late nights spent reading.
He might as well have swallowed the sea, the way his breath breaks with it, the way his chest heaves over voiceless sobs.
Cas shakes his head, but he doesn’t try to argue the point further. There is a moment of silence, just them and the trees. The quiet reverence reverberates in Dean’s soul, and he’s not sorry about the kiss. He’s not sorry about any of it.
as the self who knows of human love, that most unbearable force of nature. Cas dates himself this way - not by carbon or cells but by the part of him that tied itself to Dean the moment it touched his soul.
“Yeah, actually, you might be right.” Dean shrugs. “It’s probably what I’d do. Somewhere you know I’d never intentionally go.”
“Are you alright, Castiel?” Jack asks, his own brow furrowed. Cas gives him a little smile and clambers to his feet. Both Deans go with him, although younger Dean has let go of the arm he was clutching.
Dean turns away from that thought and the mirror. He doesn't shave or get out the clippers for his hair. Just the shower was exhausting. Mostly sober, he goes back to his room and dresses on autopilot. He's deeply hollow.
They’re quiet again for a while, and Dean is the one who breaks first. “I know it shouldn’t be… I mean, you
"I haven't seen them all, but Dean liked everything except the last in the trilogy. Apparently they jumped the shark on that one."
Cap bounds up with muddy paws on Dean’s lap and proceeds to lick Dean’s face until Dean is laughing for real.
“Cas,” Dean says. He feels much like he did when he dragged himself off that empty apartment floor so many years ago, like he can barely think around the poison working its way out of his body. Only it’s still his body, but he’s the poison this time. “I’m serious. This is it.”
Bobby snorts. "If Sam didn't already know, he's a bigger idjit than you." Bobby pats the stool beside him and Dean clambers to his feet, tossing the rag onto the creeper and joining him. Bobby hands him a second cup of coffee and Dean wraps his hands around the mug, the warmth of it welcoming in the chill morning air.
"It's okay. You don't have to explain yourself to me," Cas says. "And I don't expect… what we have in the future, in our timeline, it's taken years to come together. I don't imagine you would have felt particularly favorable to it when we first met either."
Cas kissed him, all hot breath and warm mouth, and it was soft, so soft, his lips fitted to the shape of Dean’s.
Dean would probably say it was creepy, for Cas to say he loves Dean as a four year-old just as much as a thirty-five year-old, but that's the problem with being a celestial being in love with a human. The way that Cas loves isn't like that. It's not that he doesn't like sex with Dean - he likes it very much - but that has so little to do with the way Cas feels about him. Sex is an act, a type of attraction. It's something they do together, something Cas wants with forty-one year-old Dean, but it isn't fundamental in the way that his desire to protect Dean is fundamental. Cas loves Dean like family as much as anything else. It isn't contradictory to Cas, doesn't mean anything incestuous. He just
Dean plays his part in all of this, will go on doing anything and everything to protect his little brother as best he can, but he's just self-aware enough to know that somewhere along the way it became Sam who is holding them all together. It's Sam who really acts like one of the Men of Letters, who took on responsibility with Earth Two's hunter organization. Somehow, in all of this, Sam turned out to be the stable one, the one who could take it all on without buckling. The one who jogs every morning and drinks green smoothies and can still laugh at Dean's jokes, can still like a girl without making it twenty different kinds of complicated.
"I like everything we do together, Dean," Cas said honestly, thumbs flitting across the dips in the tops of his shoulders.
Which. Okay. Dean can focus on that a lot more easily than Sam's words about dad. Being responsible for the people around him, that's something he knows.
I am not doing anything, okay? I just… I've traveled enough, but I hadn't back then. I would have wanted to, without the flying. You told me to be nice, so I'm fucking trying. And now, what, you think I'm being too nice? Pick a goddamn side here."
Dean knows that life wasn't exactly easy back then either, sure, but young Dean isn't all gutted and hollowed out yet.
Dean walks Charlie out to the door, and when he comes back into the living room, Cas looks up from his book with an expression that is a painful sort of neutral he's perfected over the years. Like it doesn't hurt him every time Dean rejects him, even in the little ways.
He's never been good. That's the whole fucking problem. He tries, he tries so hard, but he's never good enough. Not really. Not in any ways that matter.
Sam sighs, running his  hand through his ridiculous hair again. "Sorry about Dean - I mean, uh, the other Dean, you know. He's just freaked."
In 1955 to 1963, nuclear testing reached its zenith in the middle of the Cold War. Massive amounts of atomic waste hurtled into the atmosphere of Earth during this time, much of which was absorbed, and one type of plucky little isotope that scientists called carbon-14 rapidly diffused across the planet.
He can tell from his peripheral vision as the door to the garage slides up that Cas is watching his face again and that his expression has lapsed back into a gentle sadness.
He likes that he’s going to have to teach Cas some things, likes that Cas very enthusiastically has no idea what to do with his tongue, likes that Cas’ hands are big and warm and that his fingers are still trailing lightly over his chest. He likes that Cas already knows him. He likes that Sam, apparently, was not surprised in the slightest by this turn of events. He likes that the way Cas is looking at him now is the way Cas has always looked at him.
It starts to rain as he stands there, a light warm summer rain with the sun still shining through the clouds, turning droplets into sparkling dew as it settles in the flowers and his hair.
Dean hears his past self's voice break on Cas' name, reaching for his face where he's slumped in that chair, an undeniable hole in his chest from the angel blade. If Dean wasn't locked down somewhere unreachable in his body, he thinks blandly, he might be embarrassed by his own obvious desperation.
"Oh. Dean." Cas rolled over to press a palm to his face and kiss him, such warmth in his stomach that it was unbearable. He didn't know what sort of cosmic flaw he was exploiting by getting to have this, even fleetingly, even in intermittent doses, but he was sure that he did not deserve it. "Everything you do is wonderful," Cas murmured, soft and reassuring. "I don't know what makes you think I don't get just as much if not more out of intercourse than you do. Would you like me to be more vocal in my pleasure?"
Dean wants all of that, wants it so bad that he can almost feel it push against the back of his teeth. He’s had all of it before, he has it, and he’ll have it again. For the first time maybe ever, Dean is able to believe that.
He can already tell, from looking at older Dean, and from the clawing ache he feels in his own chest, that he would do absolutely anything for this baby. He'd die and kill for him, he'd move Heaven, Hell, and earth.
Cas looks up from a parchment that seems to be written in Greek. He seems surprised, but pleased, to have been asked. "My wings are wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation that don't require physical manipulation," Cas says, matter-of-factly. "But of course I'll come with you."
Dean punches the nearest wall, just once, in a burst of sudden rage that vanishes as quickly as it came. His knuckles sting but the skin remains intact. The dull bloodless ache expands from his knuckles into his chest and looks around automatically for the nearest thing to distract him. But Dean's hit the fourth stage depression, if he wasn't there already, and there's nothing left. No more looking, no more spells, no more wild goose chases after straw leads.
"Good boy," Andy says, when Dean pulls his hand back out from under the pillow. Andy skoots closer on the bed. "We'll be quiet," he says, and slides his hand into Dean's pants.
Dean’s hands drop loose and his fingers are shaking. “Don’t… Don’t fucking talk to me about Benny. You don’t get to talk to me about Benny.”
Young Dean hasn't rebuilt the Impala from scratch yet. He hasn't spent a year raising a kid he abandons. He hasn't ever really known mom. He hasn't lost her again. He hasn't taken on the Mark of Cain. Hasn't become a demon. Hasn't been responsible for the end of the world. Hell, young Dean hasn't even seen the Grand Canyon or had sex with another man yet.
Sam looks startled, all his emotions playing out on his face in a way Dean's never had trouble reading. "Dean, no, that's not… Were you listening to me at all? Yeah, I think you learned how to bury some of your emotions like dad did, and obviously the drinking, but you're not a mean drunk. The thing with Cas, I didn't mean… I just want you to see what you're doing. But it doesn't mean I think you're like dad. Not in the bad ways. I think dad haunts you. Both of us. But…"
A twenty-two-year-old Dean is eating cold baked beans out of a can while he tinkers with an EMF reader. He's got a couple of extra parts on the floor next to him from a busted-up walkman and an old Teddy Ruxspin he found at a garage sale.
Cas is sitting on the couch in jeans and a pink sweater, eating popcorn out of a yellow plastic bowl. The only light in the room comes from the reading lamp at one end of the couch and the warm glow of a crackling fire in the fireplace. Dean stands there at the door, the dogs sniffing around him, completely stuck on how soft Cas looks in his stupid pink sweater with his stupid gigantic bowl of popcorn that is probably serving as his dinner.
In spite of himself, Dean turns around to see Sam's expression. It's less surprised than Dean would have liked. "He told me he loved me, and then he died, like everyone else who’s ever given a damn about us. Mom, dad, Jesse, Bobby, Cas, Kevin, mom again.”
It takes Dean the longest of them all to figure out what he wants to do with his life. He’d looked into opening a bar, back when they first moved out west, but it turns out owning a bar maybe isn’t the best fit for a recovering alcoholic. Dean thought about setting up an auto shop instead, maybe have a scrap yard too like Bobby. But for one thing, owning a business is a lot of paperwork. Like way more than Dean had really anticipated, and he
The dogs go berserk when Cas opens the door, barking and jumping and whining like they've been left alone for years and not watched by one of Cas' students for three whole days. Dean lets them jump all over him, patting their backs and getting licked in the face a lot. He takes them through the house and lets them out again into the backyard to do their business. It's late enough that the last volunteer of the day has already been gone a couple hours. It's just Dean, the dogs, and the wind blowing in the cold night air.
Dean forces a grin, all distracting charm and charisma that has never fooled Sam. "Me? I'm too old for that."
A half hour and several commercial breaks into the animated movie, Dean had put his empty beer bottle and ice pack aside and slid down on top of the covers with his jacket over his torso. His voice was warm and sleepy when he pointed at the TV and said "Hey Cas, that's you."
Dean's thinking about the militaristic quality of the bunker, about dad, with his military training and his military discipline. He's thinking about fucking up, over and over again, about dad threatening to leave him behind if Dean didn't get faster, tougher, man up. About how he
Dean doesn't let himself think about it normally, barely lets himself feel it, but he grinds his hips down into Cas' thighs and just for this fleeting moment in time he lets himself love this one part of Cas.
Sammy looks okay, though. Well, maybe not "okay", but whatever the equivalent is for them. He looks normal, somewhere between sleep-deprived distracted academic and annoyingly fit yoga instructor.
"Christ, Cas." Dean sat up, still straddling Cas, and rubbed his own jaw. He looked at the ceiling as if gazing heavenward. "You couldn't have just wanted to spank me or tie me up or something, could you?" he asked weakly.
"You have to understand that I'm much older than you think, Dean," Cas says. "I have existed for millenia. I have seen the best and worst of humanity. And you… You are the most caring person that I have ever known. You are so full of love, it spills over into everything you do. You care ferociously and with total disregard for yourself. You care about the world, about Sam, about Jack and me. You always do what you believe is the right thing, regardless of the consequences. Even when we have not agreed on what the right thing is, I have always admired your conviction. When I fell from Heaven, it was because I believed in your conviction of love and humanity. I do believe in it."
"I am completely satisfied with your dexterity," Cas says, a little frostiness not quite covering the note of embarrassment in his voice.
"I should check his timeline," Cas says. "See when we can send him back to." And with a light rustling sound he disappears.
“Um,” Dean said, letting go of Levi’s hips. He was expecting the white noise, or screeching silence, or John’s voice in his head calling him any number of slurs, but instead there seemed to be a dry voice that might have belonged to Sam, asking him if he might want to reevaluate his obsession with Dr. Sexy.
Dean wasn’t laughing anymore, wasn’t joking his way out of this. His breath was shallow and his hands clenched and unclenched where they were bound above his head.
"Sam, I swear, if you say we need to talk about this one more time, I will leave you to wait alone. Okay? There's nothing to talk about."
Dean shrugs. He’s always uncomfortable with that question. He’s a soldier, no question about it, and he’s fought in wars in service of his country and humanity, sure, but he doesn’t call himself a veteran, can’t bring himself to claim that identity. Not like John could.
It's a bad plan. Well, to be fair to Sam, it's a decent plan given what they have to go off of, but it's based on too much speculation with no time for correction if they get something wrong in the moment. Dean is starting to feel jittery about the whole thing.
But Dean is weak, and he keeps choosing Cas over and over. And Cas keeps letting him. So round and round they go.
"Nah, man, we were only there like three days. Dad wasn't gone that long. You must be mixing trips up."
The first time with Cas had happened one rainy Tuesday night a few months before Dean spilled his guts in that church confessional. He hadn't been thinking about the unity of his being or honoring the different parts of himself or any religious, flowery crap like that. Honestly, Dean had known for awhile that this was going to happen, that he wanted it to happen, and he'd been antsy and keyed up about it for weeks once he'd accepted it. Of course he told himself it was just sex, just something to release this tension between them, just something to stop him from thinking about what he had become the last few months; first from the Mark, then as Crowley's mutt. Something to chase the taste of Crowley out of his mouth, to be honest, although he was never going to tell Cas that part.
“I do not want to hurt either of you,” he murmurs. “Please believe me, Dean, that the way I feel about you is as real as any love I have ever known. I would give you anything, but despite my feelings, despite the fact that you are yourself, I think it would hurt your future self immensely if those feelings were made physical. And I… I can’t. I have hurt him so many times already.”
"It's not that simple," Dean says. He wants to tell this kid that they didn't deserve to go to Hell, but Dean doesn't really know if he believes that.
I'm still… I know I'm going to be looking out over my shoulder for Chuck for a long time. Maybe forever. But if this is really it, then… this is the light at the end of the tunnel and I think maybe it's our chance to try, you know?"
"Hey Cas?" Dean whispers when his breathing has finally evened out and whatever this is that they are doing has started to feel an awful lot like cuddling.
"Cas?" Sam prods again. He tries not to needle Cas or Dean about their relationship because it's like poking at an armed explosive device, but there are times when it's just ridiculous that Sam has to pretend not to know about them.
fought - and Cas would just up and leave. But while they bicker affectionately about Cas stealing Dean's socks and Dean feeding the dogs scraps from the table, the intensity that always drove their worst arguments seems to have rerouted into other modes of passion.
"Dean," Cas says. He puts out a hand and Dean practically leaps back from him, even though he's already crammed up against the corner behind the door. Cas gets the message and lowers his hand slowly, visibly, like you would to a scared animal.
Which is how, a full fourteen years - well, in age, anyway - since the last time he’d been there, Dean finds himself walking into the Sedgewick County Zoo in Wichita.
It was cold in the old house, but by the time they were both naked the heat between their grinding bodies was already beading sweat on Dean's chest. Dean got an arm under Cas' back and flipped them, a reverse of his fighting moves, so that he was pulling Cas on top of him. Cas' eyes got wide as Dean awkwardly wriggled one leg free so that Cas fell into place between his thighs.
Dean had said it was, and there’d been an awkward silence while they looked at each other, eyeing one another up.
It had been almost a month since they'd slept together and things were still a little strained, so Cas hadn't made any retorts back about his heavenly powers being reduced to electrician tricks, just gave Dean a little tired smile and nodded.
Dean sniffled into the fabric of Cas’ dress pants. “You know, most people just say ‘it’s okay’ or ‘there, there,’” he said, a little wetly, not raising his head.
Dean let out a little choked sob against Cas’ skin. He was still shaking. He didn’t stop trembling for a long time, and Cas just held him through it, told him again that he was beautiful and good, that he deserved good things, that he was wanted.
Cas pushed Dean’s legs apart, and he simply didn’t have the words for this part of Dean’s body, so he followed the brush of his fingers with his mouth and tried to let his tongue show appreciation with something other than words.
Watching Cas with Jude, in all his awkward tenderness, is enough to make Dean fall in love with the idiot all over again.
Dean stares at him. No one is supposed to know Sam's at college - it's better, safer, if everyone just thinks he died or ran off. No reason to send word to the creepy crawlies to pick off the lone brother for some Winchester revenge.
Cas nods again. "Jesus of Nazareth was a good man. Devoted. But he was just a man. A prophet, not a messiah."
“You can’t go out like this, man. You can’t. You can’t just leave like this. Cas, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.” Dean stops. He’s crying again. It feels like he hasn’t stopped crying since Cas was taken.
It was about the progression from taking his first punch from John at four years old, to acting as bait at six years old, to serving as a fully fledged back-up at fourteen and having his head bashed into a wall hard enough that he’d blacked out, to working odd jobs of manual labor to put food on the table, to letting that first man guide him to his knees in a dirty bathroom stall.
“Cas, just…” Dean licks his lips and steels himself. “Just don’t… don’t give up on him, okay? He doesn’t deserve you, but I need to know that the person I become still has a shot. If it comes down to it, I know what you’re gonna say, but if it comes down to it, he’s the one you should save. ‘Cause I want to know that my life, the life I should have had in my time, isn’t all meaningless. I want there to be a chance for me to still become someone who gets to be here and love you and… and all of it.”
"Meanwhile, some shenanigans are going on in Olympus, Zeus and Apollo and Dionysus, who is the god of wine and partying, are all having a huge argument about the value of a human soul. So they go through all these acts of like “a soul has value when it does good things for other people,” or “a soul has value when it recognizes the good in itself,” or “a soul has no inherent meaning and human life is pointless except for entertainment value.”
But he is still an angel, after all, perceptive to the molecular level. So he knows, when he cares to pay attention, about his own cell death and regeneration. Some of the physical body still belongs to a time before Cas took it over, but twelve years in, some of it never knew Jimmy at all.
The memory twists and turns and drops Dean to his knees on the cold, slightly damp floor of the room with the doors.
"Oh shut up." Dean rolls his eyes. "You like her, she likes you, you both already know about hunting. Don't overcomplicate it."
Dean picks at the threads of his jeans, overwhelmed and unprepared to deal with any of this emotional whiplash. "He didn't have anything to apologize for," Dean says gruffly. "The man was a damn hero."
What Dean can’t break through with his usual sheer blind obstinacy is his own subconscious. The alcohol had helped with the nightmares, and with some residue insomnia, and taking that away turns the volume up.
“I think I just needed someone back then,” Dean says, and suddenly he’s back. He’s back in his body and he can taste iron in his mouth and he can feel the way his voice wants to break over the words. He can feel the way Sam is looking at him, all supportive brother and aching sympathy, and he can feel his gut all roiled up, his chest all cut up with guilt. “I think it might’ve… might’ve saved me if I just… if I just… And Cas could give him that, you know? So it’s like… it’s like figuring out maybe I did deserve good things in life back then and just trying to fix that for myself. One of us should get to be happy.”
"You're a hunter too?" younger Dean asks uncertainly, eyeing her outfit and its many hidden weapons.
Hank nods. "That's a long time to keep what sounds like a very important relationship private. How do you feel about you and Cas being out now?"
When Sam was little, real little, barely walking, Dean used to sit up at night in a cold sweat of anxiety, just watching him sleep, worried in that empty, gnawing pit in his stomach that something was going to happen to him. Dean didn't know how to be a dad, or a mom, or whatever, and it just always felt like he was failing. Sure, sometimes Dean was annoyed and frustrated too, when looking out for his little brother meant that he didn't get to do what he wanted, but he loved Sam. He
Bobby made him drink weird tea and eat saltines. If he saw Dean crying during the days he spent shivering on the couch, he was gracious enough to ignore it. Dean woke up out of a fever on the third night to find Bobby sitting in his chair, reading a fishing manual aloud to him. It made Dean’s heart feel like it was stuttering back to life. He drifted back off to sleep to Bobby’s gruff voice and when he woke up the next morning he felt life creeping back into his limbs for the first time.
“I don’t do it out of kindness,” Cas says, and there’s a note of urgency in his voice now that kills Dean. Just straight up throttles him. Because Cas must know, too, that this is different. That this isn’t how Dean reacts in one of his freakouts about them. “I don’t ask for it because what you give me has always been enough.”
"Dean," Sam says again from behind him, and he sounds worried now. Dean glances over, already tucked into Baby with the driver's side door still open.
. And then sometimes he's not there at all, out of body, dissociated out to another dimension that transcends flesh. For a long time, he refused to let it be that complicated. Hooking up was part of being "a man," and it was something he was good at. And when he was there, he liked it, of course he did, it was just… his body isn't his.
There's maybe something else to that, something Hank has pushed back against. It's got to do with how Dean's sense of responsibility has been about protecting the world, yeah, but it also made Dean special. The obligation to hunt hollowed him out, but the feeling that he was the only person who could do the job filled in that chasm. Filled it in with sand instead of concrete, maybe, but it kept him going.
"You're not broken. Or if you are, no matter how little and broken, you are still good. Yeah, still good."
Cas watched quite a lot of porn in the weeks after he first had sexual intercourse with Dean. He still thought it likely that their night together had been a one time thing, something Cas would keep as a priceless gift tucked away into the fabric of his being, but, just in case, he'd wanted to be prepared. Mostly, what Cas learned was that he did not particularly enjoy pornography. There was a certain bodily reaction to it, yes, but as he studied the faces through the screen, he found the whole thing less and less arousing. Now that he'd had sex - sex with
in love with Dean, backwards and forwards and wherever else Dean's wayward soul goes, but Dean straight up does not know how to handle this.
Dean lets out a humorless laugh. "Or what, Sam? We get distracted from our impossible task of fighting God? I hate to break it to you, but losing Cas again doesn't change a damn thing about how hopeless this is. I mean, we're crazy! We're fighting
"I figured." Dean turns to look Cas up and down. He looks the same, no better or worse than usual. "Do you… need help?"
A sixteen-year-old Dean is leaning against the trunk of the Impala, twisting his hands together. He’s filled out a little in the last two years. He’s still too pretty for a hunter, but his jawline is sharp and has a little stubble, his shoulders broader, his muscles bigger. His hair is cropped short, normally it’s mussed in the front with gel, but it’s clear this Dean hasn’t showered in a few days and his hair is lank and greasy. There are shadows under his eyes. The sun in this place has given him more freckles than usual. They stand out on his face and hands, little constellations from spending so much time outside the last few days, searching.
There's a small shuffling noise and Sam lifts his head from his knees. He forgot, in the abrupt waking, the familiar fear, about younger Dean, but this other, pre-hell version of his brother is standing a few steps back down the hall, his own gun clutched in his hands, looking confused and half-asleep. His short hair is adorably ruffled, and in the too-big gray t-shirt and black sweatpants Sam found for him he looks so incredibly young and soft. Sam loves him for it. He would give anything to be able to get his Dean some of that softness back.
Dean had slid his hands up into Cas' perpetually windswept hair, and Cas had one hand up the back of his flannel before Dean decided that was enough of that. He'd stepped back, leaving Cas looking flushed and shaken, and grabbed him by the wrist.
Cas nods slowly. He still looks troubled, but that’s par for the course at this point. “I think you could be right. But I don’t think we’re going to be able to call his spirit until the new moon, which means we -”
“Well, it’s your decision of course.” Hank’s expression is still neutral. Dean can’t seem to crack him. “But I think medication might help you.”
“I’m listening! Dia-whatever earth and kibble. Got it. We can go in the morning. Sam’s coming up tomorrow afternoon to help set up new fence posts.”
If he thinks too long about it, it's going to take him all day, so Dean randomly selects the Fairlane. When he slides in, it smells incredible, like petrol and leather and history.
"You're not going to get me killed, because you're going to walk through those doors." Cas gestures at the six unopened doors. "And we're going to deal with whatever's behind them. Just… let me help you, Dean."
Blood had been dripping down the back of his throat from his broken nose, he could barely get the words out and it was his heart that was fucking breaking as Cas’ eyes went right through him.
Did something in Dean know, when he stabbed Cas in that barn so many years ago? Did some unconscious part of him tug at him to unfurl toward Cas like he was the sun, like he was a friend, a faith, a future?
"I mean, it's complicated because of the other guy." Dean can't bring himself to just call him "Dean." It's too fucking weird.
He will mess this up. He will mess this kid up, no matter how hard he tries. In fact, maybe that's half the problem: Dean loves too hard. He knows this thing he's always had with Sam is… well, codependent. He knows it's only a slightly healthier reflection of his own relationship with their dad. Dean doesn't know how to do anything without going all in. And he knows, too, that you can't put that on a child.
Dean can feel the heat in his face. He's had a moment to collect himself and decides of his own accord, for once, that he's being an idiot. "Yeah," he says gruffly. "Well. He's… We're, uh… he's my partner, or whatever. I don't know why I said friend before. I just… Habit, I guess."
Cas is nice, and it's not his fault that a twenty-six year-old version of his sexual partner turned up unexpectedly. He's not even flirting with Dean, at least not that Dean can tell, and if Dean's inappropriateness flusters him, that hardly seems fair to exploit. Dean's known a fair number of older guys who would have already been looking to exploit him in this situation, so… Dean reigns in his slightly pornographic enthusiasm for the pie.
Dean cuff’s the back of Sam’s head lightly. “Ah, come on, bitch, it’s been ages since we started a prank war. Tell me you don’t miss it.”
Dean stares at his overgrown little brother and feels an embarrassing pressure in his eyes. He clears his throat and drops his eyes to the oil-stained floor again.
The poem on the next page is short, just five lines and a little sketch of a cantaloupe, but it is too visceral. Dean can't get any farther.
Sam steps back out of the Impala's way and Dean nods at him, slamming the car door. As he leaves the garage, he thinks about how he could have invited Sam to come along, how Cas was his friend too and he deserves to mourn, how Cas deserved more than one broken little human at his last memorial.
"I… had a year off a while back. Kinda picked it up then, just watched some YouTube tutorials, you know."
Cas stroked his hair, pleased in a way he couldn’t describe. “I was just going to get a towel for you.”
It has been pointed out that the new moon rises in the morning... Maybe someday I'll rewrite this to take place at dawn, but for now please just assume there's some magical reason for this taking place at nightfall.
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, brief reference to past childhood sexual abuse (nonexplicit), brief reference to past underage sex work (nonexplicit), past childhood abuse (physical and emotional), alcoholism, ongoing emotional abuse, sort of implied reference to dubious consent when Dean was a demon, depiction of physical violence, canon violence, canon violence with the lens of domestic abuse, trauma, suicidal ideation, self-hatred, dissociation
This is a motif in Dean’s life; the demon version of himself that he’d dreamed of long before he’d ever become one for real calling him “daddy’s blunt little instrument”, Agent Hendrickson saying “I’m sorry your daddy touched you in a bad place,” the sad look in Sam’s eyes whenever Dean makes an offhand comment about Dad.
"And besides," Sam goes on, tactfully pretending not to notice Dean wiping his face. "I think Dean was scared. He might not give a shit about himself, but it's always his responsibility to take care of everyone, and you might be a version of him, but you're alive and separate and he feels responsible for you too. So he freaked."
Dean stares down at his coffee, running his fingers around the sides, aware that the silence has to break at some point. Several long minutes go by. Sam lets Dean have them, and Dean knows that this is his brother being patient with him, but for once he wishes Sam would press the issue, would talk
Dean's hands are still gripping the steering wheel, locked up where his shoulders have gone rigid, and his right foot is pressing the gas pedal all the way to the floor.
Cas heaves himself off the wall and waves Dean's protest away. "It's temporary," he says. "Where would you like to go?"
Cas thought, listening to Dean's soft snores against his chest, that if the energy of his life carries on past Cas' own, final, death, these will be the moments that whatever is left of his frequency and radiation remember.
"Cas. If you're not dead, I'm going to fucking kill you, you hear me? You can't just disappear like this. You promised me, okay? Just don't… don't get dead again. Do not make me do something stupid here."
"You told me once that I needed to let go of everyone I couldn't save because it was the opposite of what you do. Which, frankly, was terrible advice."
They leave the bunker on a drizzling day in June. It should be more momentous than it is, but the fact is that other people have been bustling in and out for weeks and it's started to feel like someone else's place already.
The sound didn’t last long. They broke, the way everyone did, falling back on the primitive screams more suited to the eternity of punishment that awaited them.
Charlie smiles at them. “I just mean, loving someone so much that you lose your mind when they die, that’s something.
"Yeah, I know." Sam pokes the toe of one shoe into the ground disturbing the dirt and turning up a few pebbles. "Except… Honestly, Dean, I was afraid that if I opened up to you about my… sexual trauma, or whatever, then you might feel like you couldn't tell me about yours, because you'd want to take care of me, wouldn't want to overshadow me or trigger me or whatever. And I guess that's about me, not wanting to overshadow or trigger you. 'Cause that's what we do, right? Hurt each other by trying not to hurt each other. And I'm coping, okay? I promise, I'm coping. But the things you've got locked away, you don't deal with them. You don't have to tell
Dean likes being able to touch Cas in their own home. He likes calling their place home. He likes watching Cas work in his garden, likes how at peace Cas looks with dirt all over his arms and a little trowel with a baby blue handle in his hands instead of an angel blade.
Cas’ brow creases again. “Dean,” he says, and Dean knows there’s more coming after his name, and he doesn’t want to hear it.
Dean screws his eyes shut and shakes his head, willing his breathing to even out. “It’s not enough, Cas.
“Dean,” Cas murmurs after several minutes of their mouths hot and frenetic against each other, their hands tangling and caressing and pulling. “I… What are we doing?”
“Yeah, well, when has that ever worked for any of us?” older Dean uncrosses his arms and leans in a little. “Look, you know as well as I do that the kid is a better bet, okay? Not that he… not that I wasn’t already messed up at that age, but he’s not carrying around the last fifteen years of baggage. Hell, if he wasn’t actually manufactured to be here by Chuck, maybe we can use that, y’know? He hasn’t been tap dancing to Chuck’s storylines for near as long. He might not be as good in the field at first, but at least he’s not fucking broken.”
Dean can see the two other guys shifting in his peripheral vision, but he doesn't tear his eyes away from this Supposedly-Sam's tired face.
noticed a couple of the sparse visitors casting looks at them. They’ve got to make a strange group, to be fair. Cas, looking like a practically middle-aged rumpled accountant, holding hands with a man roughly half his age, following around after another twenty-something who is bouncing around the place like a hyperactive child.
"Uh," Dean says. He's really not prepared to give himself any therapy over this. "So, yeah. That brings us up to about 2010."
“Are you really still freaking out?” Dean counters. “I’m not saying I’m completely comfortable with the idea, but you guys are obviously intensely into each other. Like it’s frankly uncomfortable to be in the room while you’re eye-fucking. And you’re still hung up on being with a dude?”
Cas glances back over his shoulder, still sitting at his keyboard stool, and smiles at Dean. It’s the smile that always does Dean in, the one he’d do just about anything to see. It’s the reason he let Cas keep bringing stray animals into their home in the first place, the reason he buys Cas expensive dirt, the reason he makes himself take his meds on a regular basis even when he get in his own head about what it means about him.
Dean didn't pick the zoo just for Jack, though. He watches Cas too, the fondness for Jack's enthusiasm, but also the connection he clearly feels to the animals. Cas is the one who stops for a long time at the bison enclosure, and again at the wolves. Both times he eventually sighs and drags himself away, saying that they seem mostly content.
"But I don't think that's the only thing you're running from or why you're out here. You want to give up. You have for a long time now, and I don't know how to fix that. I can't… I can't make you want to live. But I would do anything to help you, if you would just let me."
It's all fine and dandy so far. Constantine asking "Is this okay?" as he touches Dean in progressively more intimate parts, Dean nodding and arching his body up to meet him, wanting in a way he's not really used to.
The R.E.M. tape runs out fifteen minutes from the bunker, the silence cutting into Dean's daydreaming remembrance. He has to shake himself a little, pull himself out of that point in time when he'd still had any softness left to him. It leaves a dull ache of absence in his gut, but hey, that's nothing new. It's just a spot he'll fill or numb down with whiskey.
He doesn't recognize it at first. He just wakes up one morning feeling a bit strange. Cas is still asleep, snoring lightly with one arm thrown over Dean's hip. One of the cats is sleeping next to Cas' face on the pillow. Earp is resting her chin on Dean's leg and her tail thumps against the mattress when she sees that he's awake.
It's a depressing thought, but Dean can't wallow in it when Cas has purple smeared into the corner of his mouth like that and is looking like he is trying so hard to enjoy his bogarted bite.
The name of fish isn't just meaningless categorization - it's binding limitation. It's stifling inaccuracy, all for the sake of a story humans tell themselves, because it's easier to look at the roughly similar shapes of fish than to peer into the diversity that lurks beneath the waves.
Dean swallows. He thinks if he talks about it while Cas is holding him like this, holding him together, he might cry, and he really doesn't need that right now.
number of superhero movies for months on end and then complain when I develop my own opinions about them, Dean.”
Mary really was beautiful. It was a weird thing to think, maybe - or maybe not. Weren’t you supposed to think your mom was beautiful? Dean had missed her so much, all his life. His whole childhood had been subsumed by John’s grief for her, and for a long time Dean hadn’t been able to untangle what about that was John's grief and what actually belonged to Dean.
Dean’s eyes were closed and he pressed his mouth against Cas’ shirt, landing a kiss somewhere near his clavicle. “Talk to me, Cas.”
"Dean," Sam says, looking up from a pile of papers and a suspiciously green smoothie. "Hey. Where are you -"
Cas looks at Dean and raises an eyebrow. "Would you like the list alphabetically, chronologically, or in order of severity?"
Dean can feel the heat rushing to his face. He looks down at the binder, fingers tapping nervously against the hard plastic. He hadn't really thought this through.
"Are you telling me trees are sentient?" Dean asks. He doesn't really know what to make of this - it all sounds a little woo-woo to him, but then again he's an actual godforsaken timetraveling clone, so maybe trees having feelings wouldn't be the weirdest thing he's learned this month.
No one says it, but they're all sort of waiting for things to go sideways. Waiting for the Big Bad to show up, for the end of the world, for this all to turn out to be another fucking cosmic joke.
There are some things Dean can't tell his kid brother. There are things he just doesn't have words for, that he's never had words for.
“Are you writing that I’m delusional?” Dean asks. He can’t help himself, anymore than he can help the defensive tone in his voice.
“I love you so much,” Dean says, because he should probably practice. Cas smiles against his mouth this time, and Dean holds on to his stupid pink sweater, holds on to the feeling.
Sam's eyes are as wide as Dean's ever seen them and his apparent shock makes Dean feel vaguely annoyed.
"And you'll be getting revenge at college,  will you, smart ass?" John's knuckles are clenched white at his sides.
The grin slipped from Dean’s face and he slumped back into the pillow, chin ducking down and his fingers curling into loose fists where they were tucking against Cas’ stomach.
Even with his stomach empty, Dean stayed down, half-retching, half-sobbing on his knees. It was the violation almost as much as the pain sometimes.
“Huh,” Dean says, remembering to turn back to the nook this time. “That’s an interesting question. Cas? How
Dean’s hands are clean, edging into pruning, from stress-washing Baby (and maybe a few of the other cars), and he curls them into fists at his side.
In Heaven, though, he and Jo are wrestling at the table over the last dinner roll. It's Heaven, so presumably the roll could just duplicate itself, but the sibling squabbling is the point. It eases the absence in Dean's heart.
Dean likes teaching the dogs useless tricks. He likes that there is always some work on the house or their three acres of land that he can do. He likes that he can watch all the trashy television he wants without enduring Sam's judgement, and he was somewhat surprised to rediscover how much he likes reading. Sometimes he and Cas just sit curled up in the evenings with their respective books, legs tangled on the couch with a dog or cat or two on top of them.
Cas let out a surprised laugh. He turned his head just enough to press his mouth to Dean's cheek. He was touched more than he knew how to put into words, even if they both knew they were making up a fantasy.
"Fine." Dean kicks the chair opposite his younger self out and sinks down at the table, taking a long gulp of his own black coffee. He put sugar in younger Dean's cup, because he remembers, but that's what age does to you. "What do you want to know?"
Dean finds nothing in the notes that seems of particular interest. There are a number of what seem to be mathematical equations that he doesn't understand scribbled on scratch paper next to Sam's laptop with the words
The manager's face softens for the first time and he comes around his desk to stand in front of Dean, thirteen, skinny, boyish and pretty, cheeks still a little round.
His hands go still on Dean's shoulders, tightening outward from there, tension coalescing all along his body.
Young Dean pauses with a forkful of egg halfway to his mouth as Cas gets up to do as Sam asked. "Wait, are we freaking out? Why are we freaking out?"
There’s a tattoo now in white ink on Dean’s ribs and one on Cas’. It’s Enochian, but on the skin this time instead of carved into the bone. Dean’s not exactly a linguist, but Cas explains the word as an infinite form of the verb “to choose”. He says that depending on the subject noun it can mean “I choose” or “chosen.”
Cas, with all his angelic strength crammed into a human frame, could probably destroy Dean if he really wanted to, but even at the full height of his powers he mostly seems to revel in being gentle. Tender. It’s enough to tear Dean apart in a completely different way. Enough that days after Cas first asked to do his weird emotional touching, body worship thing, Dean had found himself on his knees begging Cas to punish him.
“So, what, can you talk to all animals?” Dean asks when they can drag Jack away from his admiring herd.
"I mean, you're here in Kansas with me, future me, obviously hunting. I get it's been a long time for you, but you and me, we ain't exactly talking at the moment. You're supposed to be at Stanford, becoming some fancy lawyer or something and forgetting all about us."
Dean is abruptly exhausted. He pops a U-turn in the middle of the empty road, slowing down just enough to keep him from spinning out of control and off into the wheat field to his right. He turns down the music and when the tape ends and the stereo spits it out, he doesn't rewind it or flip it over as he's been doing. He changes it over to Moby, which is his moping music lately, and all Cas' fault.
Dean pulls out of the garage and takes them down the backroads, the sun flickering in and out of the gray clouds above them. Older Dean puts in a Phil Collins tape, which feels like an odd choice, but okay, and he doesn’t try to talk. He just looks out the passenger window, watching the fields and farmhouses go by.
"Dean," Cas had whispered, his voice so full of that same undone wonder that Dean felt a stab of guilt that he'd made it impossible for Cas to voice his feelings.
Fourteen-year-old Dean is almost obscenely pretty. Now-Dean gets it in a way that he hates, a way that turns his stomach to think about. He remembers something else he hasn't thought about in years, the grown man with liquor on his breath who'd stopped Dean outside a bar where he was working his pool hustle, stopped with a hand on his shoulder, crowding his space, and said "Look at you, sweetheart, you shouldn't be
John stands up, and now-Dean thinks how stupid his younger self was not to recognize the warning signs, not to just curl up in the corner and make himself as small and quiet as possible.
Chapter Content Warnings: Childhood sexual abuse, underage sex work, sexual assault, coercion, panic attack, re-traumatization.
When Dean finally got out of the car and went into the seedy motel room he'd booked at the beginning of the hunt, John Winchester was sitting on the edge of the bed.
Sam was all stretched out and hormonal, just starting to grow into himself and discovering that the stubbornness he’d always carried had a backbone of defiance. It had been building for a while, but then John started taking Dean on more and more hunts with him, leaving Sam alone, and Sam didn’t like it. Dean didn’t like it either, but he’d just… He followed orders.
Watching Sam get flustered is always fun. That hasn't changed either. "No, I… I mean, there's a girl, maybe. We haven't… I don't know. It's not…" Sam stops waving his giant hands around and shoves them into his jacket pockets. "No, I'm definitely not hitched. Hopefully you'll get to meet Eileen, she's great, she's a hunter too, but… we're just testing the waters."
he says, breathless, radiant with excitement. "Hey! Guess what! Dorothy says I can sign up for Taikwondo after school at the community center this year! She says I can't use the self-defense stuff you taught us in class or they'll think I'm
It was that, more than anything, which got to Dean. It burrowed into his chest and stayed there, pulsing in his heart, flaring up stronger than ever when later that same year, John left him at Sonny's.
Dean looks down at his boots braced against the fender. "That's dad for you. Long as he doesn't have to look at it or it won't affect hunting."
Sam turns and breaks into an incredulous grin. Cas is standing in the doorway, same trench coat, same tie, looking for all the world like the last time Sam saw him.
"I'm sorry about your arm, Dean," Cas says. "But you had a bad concussion that felt like more of a priority. I should be able to mend the bone by morning though."
"You were a child," Sam goes on, a little cautiously now, with Dean just standing there unresisting in his grasp. "A child, Dean. We were both supposed to get a childhood. I used to be so angry, you know, all the time. I hated him, sometimes I still do. I know you think it's your job to take care of me, but I knew it was my job to look out for you too. But dad beat the shit out of you, and I couldn't do anything. I couldn't fight him, I couldn't get you to leave. I'm not… it's not your fault, I know that now, but at the time I didn't understand why you wouldn't just run away with me and I didn't know how to deal with any of it so I just got angry." Sam sniffs. There are more tears running down his face now, and it's almost, almost enough to bring Dean back. Sammy in distress is usually enough to kick in his emergency generator, get him acting like a person again even when he can't feel a damn thing. It's the special secret older brother override that always gets Dean back on his feet when nothing else will.
By the time they get back to the bunker, Sam has finished reading the play twice already and is making notes, while Cas sits next to him and annotates from the Greek version. Jack is sitting at the end of the table, looking bored.
Cas leans back in his chair, looking Dean over again like he's piecing him together in his head. For a second, Dean is sure Cas is going to say something sappy like "everything" - which would have been both overwhelming and useless. But Cas seems to be considering his words carefully before he speaks.
Cas had thought that Dean's issues with what they were doing, the way he sometimes couldn't meet Cas' eyes for days afterward, the way he pushed him away, the way he sometimes got surly and mean and picked a fight, were about Dean's father. About what John might have said if he knew. Maybe about Sam as well, although even Cas can see how misplaced that fear is. Sam had caught on to them ages ago, and Cas is pretty sure that on some level at least, Dean knows this.
"No, I'm afraid even our Heaven is limited to this universe. Jack's traveling between them, you know. The dimensions of the afterlife are complicated, but this Heaven is contained within the folds of our observable universe. Besides, that one," Cas brings his free hand up to trace the spot Dean pointed at, "is Uranus."
And then he'd kill things. He'd throw himself into the fire. He'd race on ahead into whatever trouble he could find, because that's what he does. He'd move the fuck on.
Eileen is first out of the - Jack help him - Prius that pulls up Dean's driveway. She leaps out and barrels into Dean for a hug, which he returns with pleasant surprise. He's not used to touch like this.
Cas finally looks up from the wealth of documents their realtor handed over before she tactfully withdrew to give them a moment to themselves in the wide empty living room of the old farmhouse.
Additional note: I added an end note to Chapter 8 because I feel that misrepresented pederasty somewhat. It's complicated. Might bring it up in future chapters, but in case I don't fit it in, wanted to mention that here.
Dean nods, turning it over. It's what he always said about his drinking too, which… well, maybe it's not a fair comparison.
"Mom?" Dean said. He wasn't going to take his hand out of Cas' hair. He was just going to tell her. This thing he'd been building with Cas, so painfully and slowly putting together, was real. It was real to him. What could she do, leave him again?
So you can't let go or scrub yourself free of it - at least you still feel that guilt, that thing that makes it so next time you won't make the same mistakes, that thing that makes you still want to do good after all the terrible choices you have been forced to make. It hurts because you care."
Cas squints at Dean with a worried expression when he gets home early, and he endures Dean's surliness and uncommunicative grunts throughout the evening. After a silent dinner, after all of the evening chores that go into what is rapidly becoming some sort of hobby farm, however, Cas gets up from the table with a sigh and strips off his clothes there in the kitchen.
They all meet back in the living room, Sam with a duffle bag slung over one shoulder, and file down to the garage. Dean breaks into an automatic grin at the sight of the Impala, and he runs his fingers over her sides in greeting. It's weird to get in the back seat. If it were just Sam and Cas, Dean would have asked to drive, but he knows a lost cause when he sees one. Older Dean shoots him a look in the rearview mirror that is almost a challenge. Dean gives him his most winning smile, knowing older Dean will recognize it for the false charm that it is.
"This might be a dumb question," Dean says. He usually starts his questions about space this way. "But is there actually a center to the universe? Do you know?"
Older Dean turns his scowl on Sam, but its heat is gone and he drops his gaze back to the scroll in front of him, looking like he's trying to set it on fire with his mind.
"Well, maybe, but your 'brood' is being slaughtered downstairs while you've been up here snacking. Good to know your priorities."
"It's something I never really understood about you before. You remember the day we first met topside?"
Perhaps a year into their newly sexual relationship, Dean had raised his head from Cas’ neck, which he had been kissing rather enthusiastically, and said “Hey Cas?”
The apology goes about how Dean predicted. He plunks a cup of coffee down in front of younger Dean in the library the next morning, clutching a second mug to his own chest and says gruffly, "Sorry. I was a dick."
“Nor would anyone who knows you. I… I think that you care more intensely than anyone I have ever known. And that doesn’t make you stupid, it doesn’t make you weak. It’s something bea-” Cas stops suddenly, and Dean looks at him sharply, because for a second it sounded like Cas was going to say “beautiful.”
Dean takes his beer and heads up to the library. He figures he might as well get a jump on learning the lore while he’s here. Bobby would have killed to have access to all those books. Dean’s not Bobby or Sam, but it’s not like he doesn’t read. He just likes other things too, that’s all.
He finally looks across the table and younger Dean's face is pale and drawn. He looks utterly overwhelmed.
and the guy can't even admit it? I mean, I get it, kinda, it freaked me out too, just because… well, I don't… I haven't, like, really been with a dude before. But come on. Even I can tell things are different now."
"I'm grieving too." Sam's voice over the roof of the Impala is quiet. "I think we need to at least acknowledge it, or…"
Of course, they hadn’t done anything like that since Cas had died. Cas didn’t really mind, he understood that the intimacy of it was too much for Dean, that it would feel too much like breaking. Still, he missed being able to say more than few passing words about the way Dean made him feel, even if it had always been limited to those moments, an unspoken understanding that they did not speak about the things Cas said after the moment was over.
"I mean, obviously Sam's alive again now," Dean offers unhelpfully. He swirls the last sip of his third glass of whiskey, watching the light catch in the amber liquid.
to die. He’s done it plenty already. Yeah, he’s tired. And yeah, there have been times when he’s been tired enough that he’s wanted a fasttrack out. He’s not going to deny it.
Dean might die in three weeks. Big surprise. Hell, who knows, he might not even make it that long if something else gets to him before the stupid frikkin' curse. Dean's really over being cursed.
Dean kisses him before he’s really thought the idea through. It’s probably a bad idea, and Dean is still not entirely sure how he feels about guys, but he’s pretty sure he knows how he feels about Cas, and he just cannot stand the way Cas looks at him for one more second without knowing for sure what this feels like.
, that he is maybe even holy in Cas' eyes, and Dean wants to run away from it as much as he wants to lean into it. He thinks Cas might touch him with as much reverence as he has for these fucking trees, if Dean let him.
Sam takes Dean’s silence for the answer that it is. “Was it…” Sam lets out a shaky breath. “Did he molest you?”
Cas leans heavily against the wall for a second, eyes shut. "I used to be able to do much more," he murmurs. "I'm just glad to help."
Dean finds himself clutching the army man in his fist and crying, practically sobbing alone out there in the trees. Cap comes running from wherever he’d trotted off to and stops a few paces away from Dean, staring up at him with his head cocked to the side, tail half-wagging tentatively.
“That’s part of it.” Hank shifts a little in his chair, settling in with his hands folded together on his lap. Dean doesn’t understand how he manages to stay so relatively still.
Dean takes a sip of his coffee. At home, he usually just takes it black, for the same reason he shoots cheap whiskey straight. He ain't drinking to enjoy it. But Sam got his coffee with cream, no sugar, how he actually likes it, and it's actually pleasant, even though Dean doesn't deserve these little pleasures. It's so nice of Sam, even when he's pissed at Dean, that it almost makes Dean want to cry, which makes him want to kick himself because seriously, what is wrong with him that a goddamn cup of coffee makes him emotional?
If you are interested in more info on some of the random facts I've squeezed in here, also see the end notes.
Sam wants to tell him that maybe he should be, maybe they should all be a little afraid of Dean's nightmares. But Cas has already turned slightly towards Dean. He places two fingers to Dean's temple, and then Cas is out. His hand slips back to the bed, and his eyes are closed, but there is the same unnatural stillness in his body. He has gone in search of the darkness.
"What the hell are you talking about, man?" Dean stares at Cas, whose expression is something close to desperate. "What are you…"
But maybe this is better. Maybe Cas looks so distraught because he feels bad that he can't return those feelings between the other Cas and Dean.
"Yeah." Sam can't bring himself to get up. He feels like if he can't actually wake Dean, the best he can do is stay near him. He hates leaving Dean.
"That's one of Apollo's trees. Or at least, there was a grove near Mount Ida that was supposedly sacred to him. Do you think…?"
But, Dean thinks once again, he’s an adult now, with a magic credit card. It’s a little hard not to just buy out the place because he can. He has just enough sense to reign himself in. Which is why when Jack shows up at his side with an armful of brightly colored toys and stuffed animals, Dean tells him firmly “You can pick
"When did I know that I loved you?" Cas' voice reverberates against Dean's ear where it is pressed to his chest. It is such a strange thing, to get to have this. To be allowed it.
Cas hesitates, his glare slipping as he looks past Dean's shoulder into some middle distance. "There were norse gods, weren't there?"
Chapter Content Warnings: internalized homophobia, internalized misogyny, depictions of therapy, discussion of past sex work (as teenager, implied underage), suicidal ideation, discussion of past childhood emotional abuse and neglect, discussion of past trauma/reliving trauma, nightmares, flashbacks, panic attacks, PTSD, other mental health issues, (unintentional) domestic violence, brief reference to past childhood sexual abuse, alcoholism, past food insecurity, self-esteem issues
not enough. I don’t have enough left to give anymore. I wish I did, for you. I…” Dean shakes his head again, violently this time. “But I don’t. I just don’t. And I can’t keep pretending that I do, not when…” he breaks off as the tears take over. “When there’s someone who could... You should be with someone who can love you right.”
Charlie abruptly shuts the laptop and puts it on the coffee table, kicking her feet out too with a long sigh and pulling one of the throw pillows - and yes, there are throw pillows - into her chest. Dean can’t help thinking that she looks adorable, all small and nestled up and looking up at him with big hazel eyes.
"Dean…" Sam's voice is the same sympathetic tone he uses when they talk to families of the newly-deceased. Dean hates it when Sam uses that voice on him. He knows if he looks over at his brother he will get a faceful of puppy-dog eyes and sadness on his behalf.
“Yeah,” Dean says, unwilling to move either. His heart is beating too fast. His feelings are coming too fast too, one on top of the other. He feels lightheaded and a little sick and a lot like he’d like to put his tongue back in Cas’ mouth.
"Sam… I don't know," Dean manages to get out. "I know we talked about leaving, but… there's always one more thing. How am I supposed to just go live some regular life knowing that there are people who will die because I walked away?"
Dean takes in a deep breath of the clear air, feels the sun beating close upon his brow, sweat beading on his face under its radiant warmth. Cas' hand in his is warm too.
It hadn't been too difficult to trace the images on the broken vase back to Cerodicus, but apart from the lore around the vase that cropped up as part of its mythology in auction houses and art blogs, there wasn't much to go on.
He's half-expecting Cas to deflect or deny it. Cas takes a moment to answer, fastidiously studying his fingernails before speaking.
Dean is pretty sure Cas would burn the whole forest down to save him - at the very least, to save his future self. He's pretty sure, actually, that Cas would burn the whole world before he let older Dean die. Again.
Cas nods, his eyes wide and blue and full of the infinite tenderness he seems to have for Dean, no matter what Dean puts him through. As Dean leads them downstairs to his room, Cas following willingly, he thinks about how soft Cas is for him. Dean hasn’t always been a good steward to that trust, and he’s not being one now.
Charlie says goodnight after the movie, hugs Dean and whispers in his ear “Just remember… it’s okay to be Takei!”
Dean couldn’t help nuzzling back down into Cas’ chest, the warmth and sleepiness overtaking him. “Fine. Fuck you.”
"Dean," he says, his voice slightly higher than usual. Dean looks up with his fork in his mouth, both hands occupied twisting together some wires.
Dad kept this from him. He put all this crap on Dean to keep his little brother safe, and then he kept Dean's other brother from him.
John goes to the empty bed and sinks onto it. He looks like a shell of a man. It's worse than Dean remembers, actually. He can see the shaking in his dad's hands, see the lines deepening in the circles beneath his eyes, see the way he is looking at his empty hands like he doesn't know what to do with them. Only Sammy has gotten any sleep.
Dean is aware that he's an alcoholic, he just doesn't see the problem. It was the same with John, the same with Bobby. Same with Ellen. If you make it past a certain age as a hunter, Dean figures, that's your reward.
He can’t seem to move, his body flush against Cas, hands all tangled up in his hair. Cas doesn’t take his hands off Dean either and their faces are so close together that their noses are almost brushing.
comes on just as the front door to the bar opens. Dean looks up from behind the bar and his easy grin reaches his eyes, giving too much away.
Dean hadn't counted on liking it when Cas' voice broke on his name again, actually enjoying the taste of him on his tongue, fingers pressed back up inside Cas to wring him out hard.
“Went to Arizona last weekend,” Dean says, looking at the carpet as usual. “There was a case in Bellemont, this little city outside Flagstaff.”
Did I write this entire chapter just to be able to talk about a hot topic in fish taxonomy? ...Maybe.
The case doesn’t seem that weird at first. The couple of older ladies who own the old mansion actually got in touch with Garth themselves somehow, so it’s a straightforward thing with no aliases or suits. They even have a pretty sound theory about a guy who died in the house a century ago, and after some preliminary questions about flickering lights and cold spots, Sam suggests they salt and burn the dead guy’s bones in the local graveyard.
Cas was sitting on the couch while Dean sprawled across it, asleep with his head in Cas’ lap. Dean had his face buried in Cas’ shirt, his arms wrapped around Cas’ waist, like he hadn’t even been trying to watch what seemed to be a documentary on humpback whales.
Dean shakes her hand. Charlie isn't like what he'd imagined. He feels embarrassed that the word "lesbian" had conjured up two distinct images for him and Charlie isn't anything like either of them. "Lesbian" has always meant either fantasy porn shit, or else the short-haired butch women in leather jackets that Dean has occasionally run into outside biker bars and has always secretly admired for the pure defiant energy they seemed to radiate.
"You're leaving out the third option," younger Dean says, his voice too glib to be entirely natural. "Third option is that I do what I got pulled here for. I mean, I'm just a copy. I'm not even supposed to be alive right now, so -"
Dean helps out with the gardening occasionally, but more often he’ll lend a hand to the animal rescue and rehabilitation center that somehow crept up around him. Cas kept showing up with things - from a bird with an injured wing to a clearly abused cow whose origins Cas refused to explain to abandoned fox kits - until Dean contacted their realtor and asked if the empty 10 acre plot of land next to theirs was still available. Thirteen acres of farm and wildlife rehabilitation is too much for even Cas to handle alone, but Cas put together all the paperwork to turn them into a 501(c)3, hired a veterinarian and a volunteer manager, and now they have veterinary and zoology grad students running around as well botany fellows.
The Cas at the bar frowns. "I don't understand your need to give inanimate objects a human gender," he says. "Why does it always have to be a 'she'?"
Dean stumbled out into the bright - too bright - Louisiana sunshine, staggered to where he’d parked the Impala, and slid into the driver’s seat with a soft moan. He knew he shouldn’t be driving, but then, his life was a series of things he shouldn’t be doing, so Dean drove straight from Louisiana to South Dakota, stopping only for gas, once for coffee and a bag of chips, and once to vomit the chips back up.
It takes three months for Sam to find a therapist he approves of, and then Dean tries to veto it because the guy works all the way out in Boulder, but Sam just rolls his eyes and says "Dude, it's once a week. Those drives you take to clear your head last longer. Suck it up."
If fish as a taxonomical category does not exist, what was that ancestor that climbed out of the ocean? What secrets did its insides contain? What bacteria lived and died on and in this holy grail of creation? Was it closer to the lung fish or the salmon? The catfish or the lamprey?
For a long time, Sam recited the Bible to keep himself moderately sane in the pit. He had memorized most of the Old Testament back on earth, because it seemed the thing to do in a biblical apocalypse, and when reciting it was no longer enough, he'd started translating it in his head.
Dean had been young, tipsy, flushed with the success. He'd been so lonely, was so desperate for some sort of belonging. What Graves had been offering was validation. He'd smelled like a hunter, like the road. When he'd kissed him it was like he was accepting Dean, judging him worthy enough of this attention, this touch.
“So art dealer guy, he gets curious, starts digging. And what he finds through his art world contacts -”
to the local library after that conversation with his dad, and he never looked back. He always thought that he really didn't get poetry after all. He never got all that Shakespeare/Tennyson/Whitman shit they had to read in class.
Dean bolts upright, gasping, one hand going up to claw at his own chest, the other grabbing Cas' hand in a vice-like grip.
They're on the road again, and Sam's gangly legs are too long for him to be sleeping in the backseat, but Dean sleeps better in the Impala than in any motel room, so that's what they're doing.
"I did come here for a reason, Dean." Cas' voice is serious. Dean can't help the image of him in the bunker from popping back into his head, Cas crying like Dean had never seen him cry before, Cas
"We can do this today if we head out now," Sam says, checking his phone. "So everyone grab what they need, we'll leave in fifteen."
“Dean, of course I’ll help with whatever you need, but honestly, man, I don’t think you’re giving yourself enough credit. Like, sure, I’ll write your papers for you if you want me to, but I think you should try it yourself first. I bet you’re better at it than you think.”
The vein of anger pulses stronger. Sam clenches his fist, fighting the temper that used to rear its head so often before the Cage.
Dean springs back from Cas, can feel his entire body flushing, but Sam is already standing and backing hastily out of the room.
Jack bounces up to Cas’ other side, apparently oblivious to what transpired. “The sign says the next exhibit has kangaroos!” he says excitedly. Dean has never seen him look so young.
“Never mind.” Dean pulls out Cas’ phone, puts in his birthday, and pulls up the little browser icon. He has to admit, the thing is oddly addictive. “Okay, let’s see… Historic monuments, world’s largest ball of twine… Christ, we really are in the middle of nowhere, huh?”
“I… I don’t know,” Dean mutters again, this time to the floor. The carpet is a swirling gray. “I guess I’ve got… Sam thinks I’ve got PTSD or whatever.”
“Can’t believe you two are signing up to do it all over again,” Dean says lightly, elbowing his brother in the side to be clear that he’s teasing. “You’re already too old to be running around after Jude.”
Dean shrugs and turns back to the fridge, trying to decide if he should start with his leftover chicken parmesan or just go straight for his remaining slices of pie. "Whatever. Maybe this timeline's got me living til forty, but I'm not banking on that for me. I'm not even supposed to be here right now, kinda makes me even more worthless than I was in my own time."
"I'm not a doctor," Cas says, straight-faced. He's looking back at his phone. "It was an honorary degree. Completely ceremonial and not remotely relevant to any field of medicine."
"You got it, Ace." Dean had fingered the scrap of paper in his pocket, trying to appear offhand. Graves had ruffled his hair before leaving the impala and getting into his own truck. Dean had listened to the sound of it fade away along the gravel road out in the middle of nowhere Nebraska, leaning back in his seat with his eyes closed.
Cas might know how to love out of time like this, might insist that it is Dean's soul he is in love with, which means he is
“Okay,” Dean says again. He can see how upset the whole conversation is making older Dean, and he’s still kind of pissed at his future self, but he doesn’t want to fight anymore. He can kind of understand that he doesn’t understand. Older Dean told him about Hell, and Sam told him about the last couple years, about Cas dying. Dean doesn’t know what it’s like to lose someone like that, not really. He was so young when mom died. He doesn’t know what it would mean to spend forty years in Hell just to be spat back out for the apocalypse.
," Sam grumbles, coming up behind Eileen with their bags. He shifts to give Dean a quick one-armed hug. "I was worried about you, that's all."
And okay. Yeah. In the moments when Dean's been very sleepy or very drunk, or both, when it's just been him and Cas and Dean's eyes have fluttered open just before nodding off, when he's seen Cas watching his face like that with the kind of tenderness that he had for the younger Deans, Dean has had the half-dreaming thought that he kinda wished Cas was closer. Like fingers in his hair close. Laying next to him close. Kissable close. But that's… Dean always tells himself that's just his lizard brain, his half-asleep mind just wishing he was cuddling someone. He tells himself it isn't about Cas, because Jesus. That is all a bad, bad, bad idea. Even if Cas was… even if he did… Dean is poison. He's ruined everything he's ever touched. He just can't help himself.
Now-Dean doesn't have to look at his own face to know that that one bites deep. It's a confused flush in his chest because he loves mom, knows that dad still loves mom, but it's just another way John has pointed out how
Dean notices Sam's hesitation as he leads him up the hallway, just a step ahead with his freakishly long legs.
Cas' mouth ducks down to the side of Dean's head, kissing into his hair the way Cas is prone to, this thing that is so soft and sweet that sometimes it just about kills Dean.
It didn’t, and eventually the smell was what drove Dean to move his leadened limbs. He tried to throw up again first, but there was absolutely nothing to heave out of his quietly protesting stomach. Everything hurt. His limbs were heavy and his head swam as he’d dragged himself into the bathroom. The mirror above the sink was broken - he had the faint idea that he might have broken it before he went under.
The point, really, was that Cas let Dean define what they did, let him set the limits. But Cas knows Dean, better than Dean is ever willing to acknowledge. Cas knows what Dean was doing in sending his younger self to Turkey with him, knows that Dean was being sincere when he said that Cas could sleep with twenty-six year-old Dean if Cas wanted to. It’s just that Cas also knows that Dean refuses to accept his own limits. Cas is pretty sure if he were to have sex with another person - never mind the complications of that person being a version of Dean himself - it would hurt Dean immensely, despite the fact that they have never once discussed exclusivity.
"Christ. Fine. You're the worst. Thank you, doctor," Dean mutters, tipping his daily dose into his palm and swallowing it down with a mouthful of water.
“No,” Cas says, with absolutely finality in his voice. “Don’t say that. I have watched you strategize, watched you make the most difficult choices a person could face, watched you care for and lead others. You’ve built cars up from scratch. You’ve managed to infiltrate top security buildings. These are all parts of intelligence. It is not just defined by grades or memorization. You are an expert in what you do. Please do not try to tell me that you are not smart.”
It's kind of fun, actually. The bunker was the first home Dean had known since he was four years old, and he'd loved it there, had loved finally having a place to call his own. But even so, there was only so much sprucing you could do to an underground secret society's barracks. Dean liked it, but he knew Sammy never really felt at home there, and part of the reason Dean had to get out is that he feels like he's carrying Cas memory around with him - and Cas didn't belong there, languishing underground with no sunlight, no plants, no bees.
"You're a weird dude, you know that?" Dean says, but he says it like it's a compliment, and Cas doesn't mind.
"No one is dying," Sam says, interrupting before younger Dean can shoot back a retort. "We always figure something out. We've got three weeks before the next new moon and a bunch of Greek journals in the archives. There's got to be something on this Cerodicus guy in there."
As Sam walks out of the kitchen, Dean finally takes a seat at the table, flopping two chairs down from Cas. The silence that rushes in to Sam’s absence is tense and awkward. Younger Dean runs his fingers through his hair. Dean hunches his shoulders and glares at the table. Cas glances between them, starkly uncomfortable.
Dean closes his eyes for a second and takes a deep breath, letting those words and this feeling build in his chest. When he opens his eyes again, Cas is looking at him with the same sad smile he had on his face before he died.
Dean knew Sam was applying, knew his wiz-kid of a brother would probably get in somewhere, but Dean didn't think Sam would actually go. Partly, because he'd never be able to afford it, even if Dean helped, but partly because Dean really thought this was more of a pride thing for Sam. Sam was just proving that he
Dean takes off his flannel and hangs it over the bedpost. He strips off his t-shirt too, folding it automatically. He doesn’t let himself shake. He’s not a fucking baby. He deserves this. He’s earned it.
It’s over. Dean is fine. This poor guy just wants to help people, and here Dean is telling him that he’s basically signing his own death warrant by talking to Dean.
All in all, things weren’t good. One day in early July, dad came back to the motel a few days before schedule, knocking Dean and Sam’s rhythm out of sync. John had started drinking, and Sam had started snapping, and Dean had kicked him out to cool off. John was already worked up though, and he’d started in on Dean. He just stood there and took it, like he always did, struggling more than usual and trying not to show it.
It takes a few minutes of teeth-pulling and agonizingly patient silences, but Hank coaxes something like the truth out of Dean.
For a good six months or more, writing fanfic was my biggest coping mechanism in all of this. I am perfectly aware that I was - and again, am - projecting my emotions onto a show I hadn't watched in 5 years as a means of dealing with everything that was too overwhelming to deal with directly in life. I am not making any claims on whether or not this was healthy - I wrote about 200k words in 6 months, which is like twice the length of my actual manuscript - and I'm not looking for validation of it here, I'm just saying, this fic (and others) were with me through some pretty dark periods and I think definitely helped me to get through them.
“He’s just a baby,” Dean says again, thickly, and he can’t help the single tear falling down his cheek. He wipes it away. “And I… He’s not even my kid, and I don’t know what I’d do if something happened to him. I can’t even fucking think about it. But I look at him and sometimes I wonder how the hell my dad did it.”
Dean leaned his elbows against the steering wheel and rested his head in his hands. He thought he might cry, but the tears never came. The thing was, he hadn’t
Flying down the Kansas roads on a BMW R 69 isn’t the same thrill as stabbing a monster, but it lets him feel less like his skin is crawling.
Or another time, in Dean’s room under the covers, naked and sweat-slicked, they had been lying facing each other, legs tangled, just enough space to stare into each other’s eyes. Dean told him that much eye contact wasn’t normal once, but not like he wanted to stop. Cas told him that Dean’s eyes remind him of his soul. Green and flecked with gold and shining.
"Uh…" it's another pause full of the unspoken. "God and the divine plan is a long story. But yeah, basically."
Cas shakes his head, finally tearing his gaze from Dean to level that intense look at older Dean. "No. He's definitely you. I don't know how Crowley did it, but…"
"But…" Jack has a dot of cornmeal on the bridge of his nose. It shifts as his brow furrows. "If a soul isn't inherently good or bad, but a person will be judged when they die by what they've done in their life, then doesn't it… Well, wouldn't it be logical to kill children before they make too many choices so that everyone goes to Heaven? If you're talking about the consequences of a lifetime or all of eternity."
There's an awkward pause. Dean realizes dully that he's breathing again. His heart is still going too fast, but he doesn't feel like it's about to explode.
The form on the clipboard has a section for his name, address, medical history, and any current prescription. After that, there are a series of what look to Dean like short essay questions on an exam. He skims over them all at once.
If Dean was the type of guy to blush, he's pretty sure he'd be red all over, but as it is he just feels the flush of warmth in his chest and throws back the last of his whiskey. Sam looks nervously between them before focusing on Cas.
Constantine had invited Dean back for a drink, and it wasn't like anyone was waiting back at the motel for Dean, not unless he wanted to drive all the way back to Missoula that night.
Dean let out a little breathless sound against him and crowded Cas back against the counter. He kissed him and kissed him and kissed him, for what might have been minutes or an hour, and time didn’t matter, nothing mattered, just the taste of Cas in his mouth and the feel of his skin under Dean’s fingertips.
Eventually, Sam's shadow disappears into the fuzzy darkness of the road, and eventually, Dean turns and goes back inside, closing the door, feeling absolutely wild, feeling like he's just lost the only good part of himself.
Dean makes a noise that is something between a sigh and a sob and his forehead presses harder into Cas' shoulder, like he's trying to burrow closer to him. So Cas, not at all sure if this is what Dean is asking for, puts his arm around him.
To Cas' surprise, as the hospital is swirling around them, reforming into something unknown, present-day Dean says "I know that all of that… I know I shouldn't have handled things like that."
Sam looks down at his own drink now, not sure if he wants to smile at this Dean who is eleven years younger than him, or cry.
Dean can't quite be sure if he's ever been here before, back in his before. He's been through a lot of cities. A lot of small towns and backwater rural communities. He's always kind of avoided coming back to Kansas when he could help it, though.
There’s a beat in which Dean curses the day he was born, and his stupid sleep-addled brain, and everything that led to this moment where he feels weak for needing to hear his brother’s voice, to affirm that Sam is alive, that he’s okay, that he hasn’t disappeared or gone up in flames in the middle of the night.
For an indeterminable stretch of time, there is just the creaking noises of the older heater and the thud of the ball.
Dean blinks. The walls are shaking and cracking around them. Dust settles over them both and Dean coughs.
Dean isn't just Dean as he exists in the moment. He's every moment that came before, all of them crashing together at once, a whole history of the universe colliding in this stubborn, loving, self-destructive man. Dean at forty-one contains the roots of Dean at twenty-six, Dean at twenty-six contains the potential of pathways that lead to Dean at forty-one. And on and on.
Twenty-six year-old Dean watches his older self schlump off to bed, cold-shouldering Cas in the process. He watches Cas' eyes fall back to his book, unmoving, and Dean realizes that maybe Cas has more of a poker face than Dean has been giving him credit for. There's a little too much
Cas made Dean stop there once, because of course he did, and while Cas had politely knelt on one of the mats in front of the statue, Dean had stayed standing off to one side. He'd thought about Mary, and mothers, and his mom, and felt the old bitter stab of anger that of course that wasn't a coincidence. Even his mom's name had been Chuck's choice.
I will leave it up to you if you want to check the (spoilery) Content Warnings in end notes. Suffice it to say, Dean is in a pretty Bad Place and he does some pretty Bad Things.
Dean got in Baby and drove. The car was his now, and it was the second-best thing in his life. He listened to Metallica, no one around to stop him from replaying the tape over and over again. He drove for a long time, eventually pulling over at a lookout over a cliff. He got out of the car and leaned over the rail, looking down at the jagged rocks, the trickle of water way down at the base of the cliff. Colorado was beautiful, all green and blues and mountains that jutted up in a constant reminder of the earth’s unremitting glory.
Dean lays the blood-stained jacket handprint up in the hole, dumps salt and a little kerosene on it, and kneels there for a moment before he drops in the match.
Young Dean's hands tighten on the ball. The repetitive movement was an act of self-soothing. It was a grounding thing. He struggles for a few minutes, squeezing and squeezing his fist around the ball, before the oppressive silence in the room is too much for the four-year-old and he starts bouncing the ball again.
As I mentioned in the author's note to CL, I wrote Dean to be very flawed here. I think that his character is complex and that the show did him, and all of us, a great disservice by not allowing him the chance to learn to live for himself. The show was never going to give these characters a proper shot at dealing with their trauma - it simply did not have the capacity or tact to handle these issues after 15 years of funneling them to the side.
Dean tries out a few of the rooms before settling on one upstairs. There's a water stain in the ceiling just above where Dean puts his bed that kinda looks like a wingspan. He knows he should probably fix it, but instead Dean lies on his mattress and stares at the shape when he can't sleep.
Dean lets out a long sigh, hoping that maybe by the end of it he'll have found the words. He hasn't, so he just says, into his hands, "Promise me you won't tell Sam."
Dean rushes after him, gun still loose in hand, and catches the door before it closes. Sam looks back at the foot of the steps and pauses, but they don't say anything, just look at each other in the full dark of evening.
So Dean had done what he always did in the face of emotional vulnerability: He'd panicked. He'd wrenched himself out of that circle of comfort, told Cas gruffly that he was going to take a shower, and then avoided him for a week.
"Are you…" Dean breaks off, pauses, and the look on his face when Sam opens his eyes is so full of open concern that Sam wants to hug him again. Their relationship has never been simple, never been healthy, but this is Dean before Hell, before Sam betrayed him with the demon blood and Ruby and Lilith. Before Dean let Gadreel take over Sam's body. Before Dean lied about the Mark. Before Sam got Charlie killed.
Mary turned around, and her smile was so big it could have lit a city. "Look at you," she said, no longer dancing. "My beautiful boy all grown up." Her smile didn't waiver, but her eyes were full of tears. "And looking after
"S'funny, I used to just sort of drift from town to town. My whole life, I guess, but especially when I started hunting for real myself. Used to find the local spots between cases and make friends with whoever I came across. I'm good at that - getting strangers to talk, y'know. I used to have a spot back in Kansas, where we were based before, knew the owner of the bar and all the regulars. Just a place to go drink and play pool. So I know I could do that here. Even if I'm not drinking, s'easy enough to hit up a bar, chat, charm a few folks. But the thing is…" Dean looks back at the carpet. He thinks about the morning he spent digging in the dirt with Cas, the serenity of the early morning light on the garden beds, the rich earthy smell, the dampness of the soil, the dogs playfully yapping at each other as they skated just around the perimeter of the garden beds.
As if fourteen-year-old Dean hasn't killed all sorts of monsters single-handed, hasn't proven himself in a fight over and over again. As if fourteen-year-old Dean isn't making nearly every damn sacrifice in the books for his family at this point. The things he's done, the things he's seen…
Cas was getting better at human inflection, so he recognized this question as rhetorical, and presumably not literal. He turned back to Dean with a small smile, as ready to follow him down the trail as he was to follow him into a fight. Dean rolled his eyes and stepped past Cas toward the treeline. On the way, he grabbed Cas' hand again.
Sam was slumped on Dean's other side, fast asleep with his face smashed into Dean's shoulder. Sam was holding Dean's hand - which, when had that happened? - just like he used to when he was a little kid and couldn't fall asleep in a strange place. Dean felt like he should probably extract that hand, but he also desperately didn't want to.
It's the first time he's cried over it sober since he'd been left alone in the storage room. There have definitely been drunken bouts of sobbing, at least one night when Sam found him heaving over the toilet with tears all down his face, but that's the point of alcohol - if it can't actually numb the emotion then at least it's an excuse for the way you go about expressing it.
"Mm. House of the Holy is too on the nose at this point. Thought about The Stagecoach, but it doesn't seem right this far East."
When it's just him and John, fourteen-year-old Dean turns to him and says, casually, "Hey, dad, could I drive today?"
"Get your toothbrush, Sammy," Dean says to his brother, who hasn't moved from the bed. Sam is frowning down at his book, but at Dean's words he sighs and tosses it into his own bag. While he's grabbing their toiletries, Dean turns to their dad to ask him something, and that's when he realizes.
Dean's not sure how he feels about this, honestly. He's never really been a believer, but there was always a certain comfort in thinking about good people going to Heaven and bad people going to Hell. He's not sure he can get behind this idea that there is no inherent moral value to the soul.
“I gotta go, I left Cas unsupervised in the kitchen with a stew, and the dogs gang up on him if he cooks alone.”
Baby is his home too, of course. Always will be. There's plenty to be said about having a home with wheels, one you can take with you. There's a lot about the life that Dean really does like - it's all he's ever known, but it's also what he's good at. He travels, he fights, he saves people. He's got his car and music and the open road.
The light in the room is dim, a bare bulb flickering from the ceiling, but Dean can see that this guy is unlike most vampires he's ever come across. A patch of his right cheek, from the side of his mouth on down his neck, is twisted in the familiar shape of a burn wound. His right arm where it protrudes from his rolled up flannel sleeve is missing patches of flesh, the exposed bone blackened and charred. The skin that's left is similarly scarred.
"Five years ago, I was just relieved you guys had finally cracked the tension. And I get why you didn't tell me at first, I'm not mad or anything, but after awhile it was starting to get pretty clear to me that you weren't letting yourself be in it. You know how I always knew when you guys were getting together in the beginning? You follow an unbelievably predictable pattern. The two of you will be fine, friendly, bickering like an old married couple, and then at some point you dovetail into this guilt spiral and can't even look at Cas, and Cas is tiptoing around like a kicked puppy trying not to set you off, and then you blow up at him over something stupid enough that Cas gets a backbone again and the two of you fight until you can cool off. I mean, man, over and over again." Sam turns to Dean and manages to catch his eye before Dean can drop his gaze. His brother's expression is not the puppy-eyed sympathy he was steeling himself for. Sam looks sad but resolved as he holds their eye contact unflinching.
"Sometimes it's hard, with Eileen. Was with Amelia, too. Sex is just… different then it was. It's hard enough now sometimes to have Eileen touch me and not… well. It's just, it's really difficult sometimes. And she's patient and good and she loves me - and it's still hard. I think it's always gonna be hard, but we work through it. I'm better now than I was, but I'm never going to be
And Dean was back there, back with those hooks digging into him, stretching him out and open like a painter stretches a canvas. He was back with the claws scraping over his belly, not cutting in yet, more of a caress than anything, the thing that was one of Alastair’s apprentices appraising him with its smokey black eyes. It wasn’t human. They were sometimes, they could be, but this one was smoke and fire, solid but changing the parameters of its form even as it looked Dean over and licked its approximate lips.
"Hi Cas," he says once again. "I, uh, I told Sam about us. I guess maybe I lied about it, made it sound like we were a couple. I don't know, maybe that's crazy and you'd think I'm absolutely insane, but you're not here, man. How do I tell people who you were to me? 'Oh Cas? He was the great love of my life and I was his, but no, we never touched each other like that, and also I didn't know he loved me until he died and he died thinking I could never love him.' So can't I just say I'm a widower? I never got to… never got to be your husband, so…"
Cas is glaring - just sort of generally - and when he looks at Sam, he glowers straight through him.
Was he really so different before Hell? Could he look himself in the eyes in the bathroom mirror back then?
"Aw," older Dean says, taking the baby and smooching the top of his head. "Little Deanlette doesn't have to say it, he knows who his uncle is."
Then John swears. He fumbles in his pocket and throws the keys to the Impala at Dean's chest. Dean catches them instinctively and looks up at John, but his dad doesn't meet his eyes. He steps back from Dean and shakes his head.
Older Dean goes to the sink and uses his elbow to turn on the faucet, washing his hands thoroughly after touching the raw chicken before he sticks the pan into the oven. “Well, chicken, obviously. And the potatoes and onions are for what I call ‘Heretic Kugel.’” Older Dean grins down at the casserole dish he’s greasing now. “Eileen taught me how to make it.”
Sam looks a little guilty as he finally turns off the stove top and sits down next to Eileen, a bowl of salad and half a sandwich in front of him.
Cas sighs again. He turns to look at Dean and those eyes of his catch the light of the morning sun behind Dean's head. They seem to pull light in, getting deeper the longer Dean looks into them, blue like the sky, like the platonic ideal of blue, like light pulled into being. Dean wonders if it's an angel thing, or if it's just Cas.
"Huh," Dean says, because he doesn't know what to do with that. He feels like Cas just made sense of something important inside of him, opened up possibilities he hadn't known were missing.
Dean sucks in a breath. He knows what this is too. There's no time between scenes to process and he's…
They stand in a tense silence, staring at each other in a way that Dean, still peering unnoticed around the corner, recognizes.
Dean's been to Hell, been a demon, lost everything that ever mattered to him more than once. But if there was one moment when his life changed, when Dean himself split into the Before and the After, it's this.
"It's okay, Dean," Sammy had said, in a sad little voice that broke Dean's heart. "I can just stay in the regular classes. They're fine."
"Wait! Wait. You telling me I've still got baby?" Dean doesn't even try to hide his excitement. He should have asked about his car. He'd just sort of assumed this calloused older Dean would have wrecked her. He seemed like the type.
Sam is thinking, too, of Plato, Socrates, and the other Greek philosophers. He worries that the cherry tree clubs will not be enough, that he will not be able to figure this thing out in time, that he will have to watch his brother die again. Again, again, again.
They walk up and up, winding deeper into the foothills. It’s kind of… Honestly, it’s breathtaking. All that time traveling the country, driving back and forth, seeing all kinds of backroads and small towns, and Dean has never been to the Grand Canyon. He spent a day in Yosemite once, overwhelmed and small amid the splendor of the mountains and the sheer number of trees, and he’s wanted to go back ever since. He’s driven through the Badlands, through Yellowstone, but he hasn’t really gotten out and looked around as much as he would have liked. He’s always been busy. Dad always kept him busy, even when he wasn’t around to tell Dean no.
“Ah, hell. Okay.” Dean clears his throat and starts to tell Hank a barebones account of the last few years. He gets stuck a few times, partly because he starts telling the story backwards with finding out that Chuck was behind so much of their storyline for their whole lifes, partly because he’s editing himself in real time, shaping the narrative so that Chuck sounds like a powerful supernatural creature more than an incarnation of the Almighty.
Cas shrugs, the folds of his ridiculous trench coat rustling in the stillness of the room. Dean has already figured out that the walls seem at least partially sound-proof.
Dean shrugs his shoulders and presses his mouth to the inseam of Cas’ jeans. It’s their first night in the first house Dean’s ever owned. His name is on the lease and everything, right next to Cas’. He’d been hesitant at first about buying something with money he hadn’t really earned, but Sam had told him to shut up and think of it as compensation for the last thirty-something years of unpaid labor in saving the world. Dean doesn’t totally agree with this, but he’d allowed it to soothe him enough to sign the lease.
The silence gets heavier and heavier, and it’s obvious neither of them wants to break it, but older Dean finally leans forward, elbows on his knees, hands tugging at his hair, and says “We should talk about what happens if we don’t find a cure.”
“It’s good news. I think.” Sam turns the laptop toward the three hovering men. “Charlie found some sort of forum for cursed art and relics. It looks like there was more history about this vase than we could originally find online, probably because the dealers would have wanted to expunge a record of past owners dying. So look at this, there’s a retired art dealer who specialized in supposedly cursed objects for awhile, thought it was a good market to get into before he got too deep and realized some of his stuff was legit. Anyway, he had the vase twice in five years and both times he acquired it, it came with the same story.”
"Modern zoos are better than they ever were in human history," Cas tells Dean while Jack skips on ahead of them, having caught sight of the sign pointing the way to the great apes. "But still complicated. They usually assist at least in part with conservation efforts, but…" Cas shakes his head. "A cage is still a cage the moment you know it's there."
I was doing the right thing, but I know what a hypocrite that makes me. I mean, Jesus, Cas, there's so much blood on my hands sometimes I think another hunter ought to just take me out."
Dean tries very hard to tell himself that he doesn't think it's cool. It gets a bit easier when his older self points the weapon at him and says "Stay with Sam, hear? Do not go off by yourself, I do not want to pull your ass out of the fire if you get in over your head."
"We're in Kansas, in an underground bunker that belonged to a secret society called The Men of Letters. They're basically nonexistent in the US now, but once they kept all the info on monsters. Uh, let's save the full story of how Dean and I found this place for another time, but, basically, dad's father was a member which means we're legacies. The place was abandoned and incredibly well-protected when we found it, so… we live here now. We're still on the road a lot, but… this is home.
Besides, if Dean isn't completely broken when he comes back, his utter panic about it will be a little bit delightful to watch.
At least older Dean's taste in music hasn't changed much. He puts on Led Zeppelin against Sam's protest, and Dean leans his face against the window as they drive down the long Kansas roads.
Dean can practically feel the fury radiating off of Sam. He's silent for a minute, probably getting himself under control.
They turn together and take a few steps toward the edge of the summit they stand on. The trail ends in a patch of tan dust surrounded by grass and sagebrush. Two large flat expanses of sandy colored rock create a ledge that looks out over the valley below. Beyond the valley and the woods, the peaks of other mountains rise in the distance, some mostly covered in trees, some with baren gray caps that jut out against the vast Wyoming sky.
me, and I want…" Dean shifted on the mattress, his fingers clasping and unclasping where his hand rested on top of Cas' stomach. "I'd just like to… I dunno, to do something for you for once."
That night had been tender when Dean calmed down. The last real tenderness they had for a while. They still have sex sometimes, but it's not the same. Dean's walls are back up, and Cas can't do anything except wait to see if they come down.
It starts with Dean imagining dragging Cas along to Ace Hardware, getting into a fight in the middle of the paint aisle, bickering over color swatches until one of them gives in and then -
Three days later, Dean comes upstairs with his duffle bag slung over his shoulder. It's still morning and Sam is freshly showered from his run, reading a book in the kitchen while he waits for his coffee to percolate. He looks up when Dean enters and frowns at the sight of the duffle bag.
The kitchen and living room are empty, but the door to the library is open so Dean downs a glass of water and heads upstairs.
Older Dean yawns, stands and stretches, his shoulders audibly cracking. “I’m gonna go for a drive.” He looks at Dean a little warily and adds “You want to come?”
to use rupi kaur's work as a reflection point for Dean Winchester (noted misogynist and white boy), especially poems that are very much about the violence perpetrated by men against women. I have some feelings about that, but ultimately, this Dean is a survivor of sexual abuse and while these poems were not written for him, it is absolutely valid to experience them from that position. I also think that the whole arc of
Dean smiles, their quickfire banter one of the things he likes most about his best friend. “Maybe you’re just nice to look at.”
Dean nodded and curled up tighter against him with a little sigh, shoulders finally relaxing. He was asleep seconds later.
It’s not a conscious decision, really. It’s more like the culmination of so many years spent burying this thing that is now open and alive between them.
Dean is used to taking orders without question. He figures if there's a reason behind his dad's authoritarian doctrine, there's probably much more to God's.
Amelia said it was mostly a lot of "mumbo jumbo" - that it sounded like Latin sometimes, which made Sam a little nervous that he might accidentally cast a spell in his sleep, but almost everything except a simple exorcism required ingredients, and an exorcism wasn't going to hurt anyone. But then Amelia, who possessed many useful talents and therefore did not speak Latin, wrote down what it sounded like he was saying, and Sam pieced together the phonetic words.
"Maybe," Sam says, shrugging. "Maybe they bicker like an old married couple because they're just best friends. Maybe when they fight the tension is so thick you could cut it with a knife because they're both just that intense. Maybe Cas sneaks out of his room some mornings because they're up all night talking. Maybe Dean makes Led Zeppelin mix-tapes for all his buddies."
Dean throws back his glass of whiskey and refills. He tells younger Dean about getting off the rack, about breaking the first seal. He doesn't look up to see what kind of judgement is in his own eyes. He just drinks, and he doesn't talk about Alastair. He tells him instead that it was Cas who pulled him out of Hell. Tells him about waking up in that pine box, and shows him the handprint on his shoulder. Tells him about being a vessel and the whole heavenly plan. He tells him, reluctantly, about Sam. Not in detail, maybe makes it seem a bit more like Sam was tricked by Ruby, but there's no way to tell this story without at least mentioning the demon blood.
Older Dean looks up from his coffee when he enters, the bags under his eyes carrying an extra few years this morning. He notices Dean's newly bandaged hand and holds his own out for a fist bump.
Dean figures out quickly that he can pretty much take his pick of customers if he finds the right street corners. He always tries to pick up the guys who look sad, tired, the ones who seem like they are just looking for an escape and not like they want to hurt him. Not that Dean can't take care of himself, but he'd rather it didn't come to that.
Jack wanders into the kitchen, pours himself coffee and a bowl of whatever sugary cereal he talked Dean or Cas into buying him, and slumps down next to Cas. Young Dean joins them a few minutes later, ignoring them all until he's a few sips into his first mug of coffee. He lets out a loud sigh and cracks his eyes open.
Except that, he can't help but feel everything in his gut clenching when he thinks about the mixtape he made for Cas of Zeppelin songs. About Cas, still not quite human after all this time, not understanding the nature of gifts. That a gift was something you gave without hope or expectation of return.
kid - that they couldn’t protect. He hadn’t known that about himself, that he’d always wanted to be a father, until he was already right in the middle of it. Sam could only picture himself as a father the way he remembered Dean raising him. He knew how much Dean had sacrificed for him, before his soul had ever entered into the equation, before he’d come knocking at Sam’s college dorm. Sam loved their father, differently than Dean did, but he did still love him. That didn’t mean that he could forget the countless nights in motel rooms that smelled of cigarettes and worse, with Dean telling him it was okay, assuring him that dad would be back soon, that he, Dean, would never let anything happen to Sam.
"Love exists out of time," Cas insists, interrupting him. "I'm… what I'm trying to say is that I go on caring because the loss and the guilt are my present, but my love is past, present, future tense. It hurts because it is supposed to hurt. But I keep fighting because there is a future where that fighting, that caring makes a difference. There's a past where it already has. It's… transcendence, I think. Does that make sense?"
The lump that forms suddenly in Dean's throat is one part sadness for the years that have made their mark on his brother's face, one part a bittersweet sort of pride: Sammy grew up alright.
“I’m not going to lie to you, Dean, and I won’t make promises I can’t keep. Look, you’re skeptical, and I respect that. It may not sound like much, to come in here and talk to a stranger, but I will tell you that I have seen men and women more reluctant than you, come out of therapy with tools they didn’t have before. But the truth about therapy is that I can’t help you unless you’re willing and ready to be helped.” Hank gives a tiny shake of his head. “So this is your hour. We can talk, or not talk, about whatever you want here. I’m not going to force you. I’m not here to drag you kicking and screaming through your thoughts. If you want to come sit in silence every week, I can’t and won’t make you talk. But I suspect there’s more to your being here now than that your brother asked you to come. If you’re willing, I’d like to hear the real reason.”
Dean should have protected her. He should have been able to do that. Charlie is a badass, and he knows it, but his Charlie wasn't a hunter, hadn't been raised to it, didn't know how to fight with her fists. She was so little.
, for having what Cas once called a "more profound bond" with Dean. He can't. Dean is complicated and ten different kinds of traumatized, but he is easy to love. He pulls people in without realizing it, drags them into the orbit of his convictions.
Dean shoots up from the floor. "Thank God. I mean, don't get me wrong guys, I love what you've done with the place, but I am dying to get out and work."
And Dean watches the absolute last bit of light in his own eyes go out, watches himself fall to his knees at Cas' side where Lucifer has left him sprawled on the ground. He can't even look at his own memory's face - it's the face of someone in the act of giving up. Someone who is ready to let the world burn, someone who is ready to die.
Sam catches up to him in the garage as Dean is gently sliding the bag onto the passenger seat. He has the insane compulsion to buckle it in, but resists. It's just like last time, really. How many times has Cas died for them? For Dean?
Dean gets out of the car, slamming the door behind him. He looks away from the Impala, into the darkness, into nothing. He feels his eyes tearing up and rubs his hand over his face.
The apartment was empty, but the building still had tenants and the water blessedly turned on. Dean had gotten in the shower fully clothed, still sweating and shaking, and sat on the tile. He’d slowly peeled off his clothing and tried to scrub the feeling of warmth from the water into his skin. He’d stayed there, leaning against the modern glass shower wall and swaying in and out of the edge of consciousness.
Dean had let the laugh huff out of his chest and patted Cas' arm. "Yeah, Cas, that was okay. I'm good." He'd turned his face half an inch, blue eyes too close to his own. "You good?"
What is left of Team Free Will just sort of mills around for the first three months post-Chuck. They go on a few cases, but it's old-school stuff: A haunting at a catholic boarding school in Louisiana, a vampire nest in Main, what sounds like a supernatural murder spree in Nebraska but does in fact turn out to be a rabid cougar for once (Dean and Sam phone it in to animal control and hightail it back home).
“Then I have, like, an obligation to do it,” Dean finishes, unfolding his arms and holding out his hands in a somewhat helpless gesture. “Who else is gonna do it?”
Dean can’t help his breath hitching or the tears that fall down his face. “I’m in love with you,” he whispers, eyes shut tight because he’s a little bit of a coward after all.
Dean grimaces. He still feels shaky and not altogether there - that post panic attack drop dragging him down to the earth. “Yeah, well, that makes one of us.”
Dean takes Jude out through the back door in the kitchen. Sam and Eileen’s yard is small, but there’s a little fenced in square of grass with one big oak tree. A baby swing hangs from the lowest branch of the tree, and the grass is littered with outdoor toys. Dean sets Jude down and he immediately toddles over to the plastic four-wheeled “bike,” grinning at Dean expectantly.
Dean looked up at the back of his father's leather jacket. It shouldn't have stung after all this time, but it did.
ever died. Plus it seems kind of rude, not to mention personal. And he's not about to tell Cas that he went through his phone, so he doesn't follow that line of questioning any farther.
"Give me time, man," Dean said, eyes closed, yawning. He scrunched further into his mattress and turned his head away from the screen. "Don't watch me sleep."
Dean meets Sam's confused and worried face and for all the years and wrinkles, Dean is still protecting his little brother. He's still doing his job.
“Oh shut up,” older Dean says. His shoulders are tense. “Look. It might not even come to it. Sammy’s a wizard at figuring out how to reverse-engineer a cure for this kind of shit. But -”
" Dean finally said into Cas' naked skin, now peppered with saltwater. Dean punched his shoulder twice. It wasn't gentle, but Cas didn't care. "Dead, Cas."
“Yeah. I noticed.” Dean looks down at his hands. He’s never talked to anyone about this. Never. He can feel his heart pounding. He can't even be mad at Sam, not when they both know he can't possibly talk about this with his brother.
The metaphor, or at least its resonance, that Cas has such a human desire to use isn't about erasing or remaking, exactly. Cas appreciates his vessel, his body, his form, for what it is - he's undeniably fond of it at this point. What Cas finds himself thinking about is the way he dates both his body and his freedom. Human scientists could cut open his body and tell him which of his cells were around the day he and Dean Winchester met on earth, but it wouldn't matter. Not just because Cas first met Dean in Hell, but because Cas finds that the sense of himself that began when he chose free will - when he chose Dean - acts like the confusing nature of his not-quite-Jimmy vessel. Which is to say, it is both body and spirit. Even when he is nothing but light, he feels closer to human than he did in any of his vessels before Jimmy.
The demon took something in its hand then - or maybe it was part of its hand, Dean couldn’t be sure - something black and writhing. The demon pressed the bit of itself or whatever it was to Dean’s side just beneath his ribs.
Sam is silent for a long time. Dean thinks that he's letting Dean be, but apparently he's working on putting together some words himself because he heaves a deep breath and begins, faltering.
Crowley twists his hand, the stool in the corner of the room comes skidding across the floor, breaking through the outer circle of the devil’s trap, and he’s gone. The scent of sulphur lingers in the air.
Dean’s fingers itch for a beer. He’s not looking too hard at how much he’s been drinking. Theoretically, with less hunts and less horrors, he has the impression he ought to slow down on Hunter’s Helper, but he is already feeling unmoored. Alcohol is an easy thing to fall back on when so much is changing.
The girl was right, of course, but Dean had wondered what kind of vibe he was giving off to get clocked as a guy who'd be into poems about drugs and gay sex.
“A hundred years is a long time to hang around without flying off the rails,” Dean admits. “Cas? What do you think?”
“But that shouldn’t be possible,” the poor botany graduate student kept saying, poking at all the plants that were absolutely not supposed to grow in the mountains of Wyoming.
There's a stretch of highway in the mountain passes of Montana where the road dips up and down in a series of small hills for several miles. The speed limit is loosely 80 mph, but it's not like anyone is there to see if you observe this suggestion. When Dean drove through it last, he hit the gas pedal and soared along the road, going fast enough that it felt like a rollercoaster, fast enough that whenever he crested an incline at full speed it felt like his front tires were meeting the wide open sky. It was exhilarating, foolish, something that made him laugh out loud with the joy of it, of being on the road with the big blue sky open before him.
Dean finishes his coffee before Jack is done with his cereal, and claps him on the shoulder as he heads out of the room. It will have to do.
There is something shuttered about this version of himself, if that's what this really is, something locked away in his eyes that Dean can't really understand. He's also looking at Dean with a waning shock and barely disguised hatred. He is holding a copy of the same gun in Dean's hand.
The heartbreak of it had torn Dean to pieces. He’d nearly gotten himself offed a few days later by a witch because he’d been half-drunk from binging himself into a blackout the night before. But he’d shoved all that down too. He always did. No point being a girl about it, dad would have said.
Dean lies across the width of his bed, feet on the floor and puts on his headphones. That's how Sam finds him sometime later, when he comes upstairs with the binder and a weird look on his face. At first, as Dean pulls the headphones off and cuts the cord on AC/DC, he thinks the look on Sam's face is because Miracle is flopped across Dean's bed too.
"Is that… grace?" Mary, sitting across from them looks at the bottle with wide, slightly worried eyes. Everyone's looking at Dean now and he's afraid his ears are turning pink.
"You're ridiculous and I'm going to stay mad at you," Sam says darkly. "I'm ordering pizza and I'm getting vegetables on
By the time Sam heads out to the kitchen, older Dean is up and drinking coffee standing. He looks hungover, but Sam can't tell if that's from alcohol or just his general state of mind at the moment. Knowing Dean, probably both.
Dean discovers that sometimes when he's laying in the Impala, not sleeping, he can check-in on Sam. The time-lapse is weird at first, because he's not where Dean left him. It's a little heartbreaking, to watch Sam fight alone. Dean catches him making a fist and touching it to his heart before a fight, and he comes back to Baby with his eyes wet.
Everyone is still milling about the kitchen when Sam returns. They’re all waiting on him, and Sam knows that it makes sense this time, but the pressure of having to be in charge, of having to make the decisions when all he really wants to do is lie down and sleep, gives him a headache.
"The absolute worst," Dean mutters, but he reaches across the table and takes Cas' hand almost absently. "Hey. I think you earned it."
Cas gestures for them to start walking again, so they do, Dean trailing a little behind and careful to step in the places Cas has already disturbed.
He knows that when he goes to check on the fragmented vase they’ve been keeping in the armory, a piece of it will be missing. Because this is the kind of shit Dean does, and he was saying goodbye to Sam the night before too. Sam had recognized the warning signs, but he thought Dean was just resigning himself to dying or at worst thinking about pulling some last minute martyrdom crap if their plan didn’t work.
Which is fine. It's fine that his brother is, nominally at least, keeping the longest and most important relationship he's ever had from Sam. It's fine. They're all fine.
“Who’s Charlie?” Dean asks, leaning against the breakfast nook and watching older Dean fumble around with pots and pans in the cupboard.
Dean slid his arms from Cas' shoulders to his waist, pulling him into the line of his own body, matching them up.
Levi smelled like Old Spice and tasted like lemon liquor. His mouth was soft. His fingers had been gentle as he’d pressed a hand to the back of Dean’s neck and then slid it up into his short hair. Dean had grabbed his hips out of instinct, not trying to press anything, just holding on, and he’d kissed back. And he’d liked it. Fuck, but he’d really liked it.
"It's one of Dean's. He and Sam insist I carry one ever since I had to call them to wire funds to an alpaca sanctuary, but that's a long story."
Cas remembers being floored by it, when he touched Dean's soul, when he gripped him tight and raised him from perdition and stitched him back into that body in the ground. It was overwhelming, how his soul showed his essence so clearly.
Sam hadn’t said anything when they’d been in Arizona that weekend, and Dean honestly couldn’t tell if he was thinking about it or not. It was Sam’s Heaven, after all, or it had been. Dean has wondered for a long time if those memories of freedom and autonomy are still part of what Sam’s Heaven would look like now. Dean is too scared to ask, to find out if he’s given Sam enough in the last fifteen years to at least make it into his repertoire of best memories as more than a conspicuous absence.
Sam tosses the boy up in the air and catches him against his chest, making him giggle again. He kisses the side of his face, unbearably gentle and sweet.
John looks at Sam for a minute and then, worse than yelling, he says in his icy voice "Then I don't have any use for you here. You might as well leave now."
“Yeah?” Dean takes a sip of his decaf coffee. The mug is still warm in his hands and he feels snug in his jacket, just warm all the way through, really. “You guys are serious about taking the twins from foster care, huh?”
Dean almost never has nightmares when Cas is with him. He’s asked Cas about it, and  Cas swears he doesn’t tamper with Dean’s dreams unless invited. Which is itself something Dean tries not to overthink; that it’s just having Cas, as a person, in bed that keeps Dean’s subconscious from falling into Hell, or the Mark, or the red vision of demon Dean, or Michael. It’s that irrational feeling of safety he gets, like he’s a fucking child afraid of the dark or something. It’s Cas watching over him.
“Good. I do want to warn you, we have about ten minutes left today. I still have a few questions for you, but I want to pause first and see if there’s anything that you’d like to bring up before we finish our session.”
"I'm open-minded," Dean said. His fingers, unfairly, trailed down to Cas' nipples, tracing circles there. "What is it? Feet stuff? Leather? Oh, I know, it's gonna be roleplay, isn't it?"
Dean elbows Cas’ side lightly when Jack has disappeared through the doors of the exhibit. “You don’t have to stay out here with me.”
Dean gets up, snags the now empty glasses and the bottle, as Cas places a hand gently on younger Dean's elbow and his grace glows softly in the room.
Dean has no attachment to Belleville, Wisconsin, but he also doesn't have any ghosts there waiting for him. Or, if he does, they're literal, and he can deal with that.
“Hey Cas,” Dean says quietly when he can’t stand the feeling any longer. He swallows, shuts his eyes for a moment, and looks back at the old water stain. “Dunno if you can hear me. Probably not. But. In case you can, I miss you, man. I… I might be going a little crazy. I think about you all the time. Think about you being here with me. I think you’d like it here. Not like you ever complained about the bunker, but… Well. Maybe you just didn’t know any better. Guess you never really had better, unless you want to count that time you spent as Emmanuel. But anyway. I think… I really blew it with you, huh? You were the goddamn love of my life, and I just… Ah, it doesn’t matter. Not now.
Dean is a little bit tipsy by the time he finishes up their first apocalypse. He pauses then, not sure where to go from there. There's so much more, but a lot of it is about Sam and Cas, and he doesn't want to make this other Dean think less of them.
to this Dean. It's that their love back then, it was less complicated. It was probably as healthy as the love between brothers can be when one of them has been raising the other since the age of four.
He knows he probably doesn’t get to keep this, and he wishes Sam were there. But for the moment, Dean lets himself feel this, and it’s good.
They'll case the place, see if they can get a body count, then Older Dean and Cas will go in the front, guns blazing so to speak, and Dean and Sam will sneak round the back for an element of surprise.
“You weren’t supposed to know,” Dean manages to say to his knees. He thinks he might just stay curled up in this ball with his eyes shut forever. There is a not insignificant part of his brain that is still running on that panicked adrenaline spike and it’s telling him that he’s never going to be able to come back from this.
Like planets devoid of orbit, the irises of Dean Winchester's eyes are still and unseeing. They stay open, unblinking, disquieting, like the eyes of dead things. The green of them is always startling, but without the light behind them, they look wrong, glassy, just cold dead rocks floating in the vastness of space.
The first appointment is a disaster. Or, perhaps more fairly, Dean is a disaster. He drives the two hours to Boulder and follows the GPS on his phone to an office building with a plain white facade and a laminated list of the private practices that operate inside tacked next to the doors. Along with "Center for Mind and Body", the building hosts a private investigator's office and a wedding planner.
“I need you to leave,” Dean says, voice almost even in its emptiness. “Just… you gotta get out of my room.”
“We’re thinking this is something to use as a temporary measure, yeah?” Dean approaches a sturdy tree and wraps his hand around one of the branches, feeling it out. That same awed tingling flickers under his skin. “Just something to keep Cerodicus’ arrows at bay or whatever.”
There is another long, long silence. Dean feels like he could slip off the hood of the car and fall through the ground at any moment, and wouldn't that be a blessed relief?
Years ago, a couple of decades, maybe, he'd picked up another children's series supposedly promoting the devil. This one had been a little different than the others. Usually, Cas found all the censorship and talk of heresy to be nothing more than projection and hypocrisy.
Dean nudged his face into Cas’ shirt again, eyes still shut. His voice was warm and sleepy, soft in a way Cas so rarely got to hear. Dean was always so warm, so human. He was so beautiful. It was unfair that Cas was allowed to bear witness to him like this when the world wasn’t.
"Dean -" Cas starts, looking wary, but Dean just leans his forehead into Cas' shoulder, slumping into him, and Cas goes silent.
The last one ends in several seconds of near silence, but Dean can hear the breathing on the other end of the line, can imagine his older self holding a phone up to his ear, trying to think of words that aren't desperate. He hangs up without saying anything else, and nothing else from the voice-mailbox is particularly interesting.
"I guess." Dean carves crooked lines into the steps with his thumbnail. He can hear John in his head, even after all these years, snorting at the idea that a good man could look into the face of evil and do anything but fight it back with bullets and steel.
But, God, the last time can't have been all the way back to Benny, can it? That's the last person Dean is sure of, but surely he's been with someone since Purgatory, surely there was a tipsy one night-stand in there somewhere or a hasty hookup in a grimy bathroom stall.
Dean stops thinking about “why” for a moment. He slips back to the person he was when he thought he knew how he would go - just like this, or with a ghost’s hand on his heart, or at the end of a gun.
For his second session, Dean makes the trip to Boulder alone again. Hank is just as friendly as ever and they talk a little about Dean’s week - in which nothing much happened except that the dogs heard a coyote outside one night and went beserk - before Hank dives right in.
Dean's shoulders tense and he turns his face back to the fight in front of them, Dean pinning Cas to the ground, Cas holding on to his wrist, looking up at him with blood in his mouth.
." He's not really sure what this means, but the resonance of it is clear. "Well isn't that just poetic."
"The Gila Wilderness, which is just part of the Gila National Forest, was the first wilderness reservation in the U.S. There are some truly magnificent species native to this region, including the Gila monster."
Dean frowns. Like Sam, Cas' words seem full of double-meaning. He doesn't know how else to respond though, so he just gives a tight little nod. He doesn't talk about mom much. Maybe there's some irony there, given that pretty much his entire life up until now has been devoted to tracking down the thing that killed her, his life swallowed by his father's obsessive grief over losing his wife.
about it no matter how much Sam pokes at that door, but it's true. There is barely anyone who's ever loved Dean who hasn't also put a fist in his face. And yeah, yeah, Bobby was possessed, and for the worst times Sam had been hopped up on demon blood or was being ridden by Lucifer, and Cas was being frikkin' mind-controlled by Heaven, and dad was sometimes drunk… but sometimes he wasn't. And Dean and Sam have punched each other up pretty good all on their own. And Cas beat him up in an alleyway years before the crypt. And Dean has started some of these fights, he's deserved some of them. Even now, what he's doing here, the way he treats Cas and Sam and Jack, he knows it's too close to all the parts of John he was afraid of growing into. He wants to stop hurting his family, wishes he knew how to stop, but this freight train just keeps barreling forward and Dean gets pissed or scared or stuck inside himself, and he lashes out all over again. Not physically, maybe, but it isn't the bruises on his body Dean remembers most anyway.
"Okay." Dean turns, back squared. Hey, he's seen the End of Days, he can't let his own fucking head defeat him. He opens the door again.
"Nope," Dean says, and he strides forward and opens the bedroom door, not at all sure that it will work.
Sam closes his eyes, feels the burn of the tea against his chapped lips, the comforting, searing warmth of the ceramic on his palms. "Enough of them."
Dean yawns and clicks the little camera icon on the screen. Cas has, unsurprisingly, taken very few photos. There are what seem to be some accidental blurry shots of the floor, and one selfie of Cas and older Dean.
Dean gets up and follows Sam out into a windowless hallway. It looks like a military base or something and it's kind of really cool. "What the hell is your Dean's problem, anyway? If he's me, then what the fuck does he think I'm going to do?"
Dean laughs again, settling back against Cas' shoulder. "Well, eleven-year-olds everywhere are so grateful he was overruled."
“Dean.” Cas’ voice is a low rumble. “I want you to know that you are so loved. As you are now, in the future, always. You are so
Now-Dean knows that he won't. That this is the hunt where dad finally leaves him and doesn't come home. He's been leaving Dean on his own more and more over the last few years, since Sam left, basically. At this point they're barely hunting together, just meeting up every few weeks so dad can give him orders.
Now-Dean balls his hands into fists as anger rushes through him. He wants to punch this vision of himself for thinking he can just have this. For being open in a way that makes now-Dean feel naked and vulnerable.
Dean came back convulsing on his mattress, his own hand scrambling at his stomach, the other hand stuffed into his mouth as muffled sounds poured out of him. Cas was no longer kneeling between his legs, sitting next to him instead with a hand firmly on his shoulder. Cas had a bright pink mark on one cheekbone where Dean must have hit him or lashed out wildly with a limb. Dean didn’t really have time to feel guilt about that. The moment he was back in his head, he was rolling over the side of the bed, falling to his hands and knees and vomiting onto the concrete floor.
It crests like a wave, rolling up and up and up until he is spilling saltwater. He doesn't know it's coming until it does, letting out a soft breath as the first tear rolls all the way down his cheek. He clenches his jaw, screws his eyes shut and tries to breathe through it like pain.
Sam says a blessing before they eat - he’s practicing his Hebrew, which was already decent from years of biblical research, as part of his conversion. Dean doesn’t really get the conversion thing, and he wasn’t as supportive as he could have been when Sam first told him about it. Dean feels like his reaction was reasonable, considering everything religion has dealt them over the years, but still. He’s begrudgingly accepted that he doesn’t understand it, but it’s become important to his brother. And that’s fine. Whatever.
"No," Cas says shortly. "I'm an angel. I'd have to translate my memories out of their true form for them to even be compatible. They won't touch Dean's."
The light takes on a form, sometimes. Mostly, Castiel lets his true form exist in propagation and frequency, as wave and particle, as a quantum being. He was created in an image though. He can become something with a shape, it's just that the scope and boundaries of that shape are as practically indescribable in human language as the shape of gamma rays. His true form runs along the full spectrum of light, visible and invisible, a constant movement that would be dizzying to the human eye if it were even conceivable. He hums and thrums and glows and flashes with celestial incandescence. If there is an outline to him, it might have almost the vague shape of man. He has limbs and a center, anyway. The wings are the most probable thing about him, always tucked away on earth as invisible light, radiation that sometimes makes the electricity in a room blow out. Nevermind the multiple faces or the number of those limbs. Nevermind the fingers, toes, claws, and hoofs that God saw fit to give his first creations, when he was trying out the materials of the universe. At least humans seem to understand the wings.
“Cas,” Dean says, and then stops. The horrible heaviness of his limbs and his heart makes it difficult to breathe. It takes Dean a minute to get out the next part.
In spite of himself, Dean feels a little stab of empathy for older Dean. He feels that way too, a lot of the time.
Dean makes himself turn his head and meet Cas' wide eyes. Cas looks absolutely wretched, which is something of a surprise. Dean was expecting anger or disgust, or at least basic confusion.
This one is different. Castiel can tell that this one is different from the way Dean’s shoulders roll back. Dean’s expression, which had been opening up - forcibly, devastatingly, but still opening - falls, flattens, tries to undo itself into something blank and impenetrable. Cas notices, can’t help noticing, that it doesn’t quite work. Whatever mechanism inside of Dean that let him shove his feelings up into some deep, dark, unreachable place, it’s broken or breaking. The box is waterlogged, cardboard in a storm, it can’t contain him.
this band, that he’d seen them play three times over the years. Not that Sammy had room to complain about his taste in music, but dad would have hated it. John couldn’t stand anything but classic rock and maybe a little soft rock for variety. He wouldn’t have gone for anything so perilously close to country music - anything with a twang in it was banned from the car when he was driving.
And fuck if he knows what to do with that. It all feels too late for him, like there's no way out except the sweet reward of death, that the only way to stop is to end. There's no neat resolution to his storyline, no way he gets written in character without tearing him up or dying bloody. He can't even fucking function - what kind of life could he ever have outside of all this death and hurting?
"Shut up." Dean's eyes light up, and he doesn't care that he's too old to geek out about this. "Really? Tell me they're not crap."
Dean feels the weight of the stars in his chest. It's still an ache here, that longing, that awe. He leans his head onto Cas' shoulder.
Sam has the insane urge to tell Dean he loves him - that or hug him, or punch him. Something in that range of emotion. He doesn't though, because they don't say or do those things except in extremes, and even though Sam has a sinking suspicion that Dean might be about to go down another road of self-sabotage, Sam is not going to entertain the idea that Dean might actually die next week. That's not happening. They're just not doing that.
Dean swallowed. His green eyes were so bright in the sunlight. There were already new freckles across his nose and the span of cheeks. Cas knew, because he knew those freckles like the constellations.
"Okay buddy, I think we are all set." Sam looks around, as if he is in the habit of forgetting things. "Thanks again. See you Friday?"
Younger Dean and Jack size each other up warily. Younger Dean glances at Sam before finally sticking out his hand, and Jack glances at Dean before shaking it.
It's a motley crew, a mixture of races and gender, the youngest in body no more than a teen and the oldest a silver-haired man in a ragged traveling cloak. Sam gets a drop on a Latina woman, taking her head off with one sweep of his blade before anyone has even turned to notice the newcomers.
Dean had told himself it was just sex, that he could handle sex with Cas, and he probably could have coped with it fine if he'd just closed his eyes the entire time. But it was
It was supposed to be a quick, couple of days trip at tops anyway, but there wasn't anything immediately urgent back in Kansas. Sam had an eye on Jack, Mary was nearby, their family was safe.
Cas’ sigh is softer this time. He takes a moment to answer. “I suppose it’s because even then, you try so hard to fix everything too. Humanity can destroy - selfish, unnecessary, and irrevocable destruction. And yet, Dean, they rush into burning buildings to save their pets. They rescue wild animals from floods. People chain themselves to trees in front of bulldozers. You and Sam, you spend your life battling evil so that others can go home to their families at night. Humans were created to believe, you know. And for some of you, that belief manifests in faith to God or gods or some other religious principle. But when it comes down to it, down to the wire in this life, I think perhaps the strongest faith I have ever witnessed is the belief humans can have in each other. It’s…” Cas struggles with the words for a moment. “It’s foolish and beautiful all at once. Love, human love, is… unbearable. It burns too hot for Heaven, too deep for Hell. God bid us to love mankind, but no one ever told the angels what love means to a human soul. I think no one told us because once you know the desperate brightness, the blinding force of love, that is all there is. I love humanity because, destructive or not, it is worth saving.”
"So what, you're just going to let him beat on you forever?" Sam sounds somewhere between close to crying and like he might like to punch Dean himself. "We can get out of here. For good."
It's not like he thinks Cas will hit him. Not really. Some guys would, maybe most guys. But Cas is too weird.
Sam had told Dean that Hank used to be a combat psychologist - that he’d worked overseas for the army during Desert Storm, and that he’d become acquainted with Supernatural horrors as well as human ones during his service. Sam had come to see him in person and Hank had submitted to all the usual tests - holy water, silver, etc. What, exactly, Sam had said to him about his brother, Dean didn’t know.
It's one of the photos Dean took that day in New Mexico. The only photos they've ever taken of just themselves. Dean was the one who wanted it, of course, who pulled out his phone and rearranged them so they'd both be in the shot. Cas hadn't really understood camera phones, still doesn't, but he'd gone along.
"If anything's happened to your brother, don't think you'll ever see me again, boy," John had said to Dean's back. The motel room door had creaked open and slammed shut. Dean had stayed curled up on the bed for a long time.
Older Dean laughs, bitter and caustic. “Ain’t got a lot of room on that high horse to talk about martyrdom, Cas.”
Dean heaves a gasping breath and blinks his eyes. They feel dry and it takes a second to bring things into focus. He’s laying on his bed - how he got there, who knows - and directly in his line of sight is Cas laying next to him. Cas is just opening his eyes,
"Oh, I see," Hank says. There's no hint of surprise or judgement on his face and Dean lets himself relax a miniscule bit in his chair. "And how long have you two been together?"
So there he was, nowhere near the amount the school had asked for, worried not just that it would break his brother's heart but that the school might get suspicious if they didn't cough up.
maybe dad wouldn’t have left them so much. Like maybe it was all on him, and Dean just kept failing.
And Dean remembers he hadn't gotten it yet, his confusion, mid-act, that Constantine was bringing this up.
It’s like thinking of the multiverse, how maybe out there is a parallel Dean who grew up safe, a Dean who wouldn’t be standing where he is now. It’s imagining himself as loved, of loving himself enough in the act to imagine it.
Miracle shifts to curl up closer to his side, and Dean gives the dog a few pets while his heart rate slows down and his eyes adjust to the dark. He’s probably imagining it, but he can feel the weight on his left ring finger. He hugs one arm around himself, lets his other hand twist into his dog’s fur and stop moving. He lays there, staring up at the shape of wings on his ceiling, feeling wide awake with a lump in his throat.
“Do you think you and Sam have a healthy relationship now?” Hank asks eventually, pulling them back to the center.
"I hear you, man. I don't know what you want me to say." Dean shrugs. He feels all hollowed out again. Scooped clean. He read that phrase somewhere once, something Cas gave him, he thinks, and it's stuck around.
Cas follows him out into the hall. "You're limping," he observed, eyebrows drawn together. "Are you hurt?"
This body, this form, is the one that Dean has looked at, has touched, has hugged, has called family.
“‘Course, Sammy doesn’t know about that,” Dean says. “He’s never gonna know about that. And I don’t… I mean, I don’t regret it. I did what I had to do, whatever. Not like it’s… Whatever.”
Cas used his discarded tie to bind Dean’s wrists above his head, tight enough to restrict but loose enough that if he really wanted to get out of it, he could. And then Cas flipped Dean neatly over on to his stomach.
because fuck it, Dean’s not there to make fun of him, and if he lets his boyfriend play it in the car then he hasn’t got a leg to stand on.
There's a hot feeling in Dean's eyes and the back of his throat for some reason as he awkwardly pats Sam on the back. "Whoa, okay, big guy," he says. "Don't make this all chick flick on me, dude."
"Good job, buddy! Can you say 'uncle'?" Sam signs the word, and the baby waves his fist around in the air, smiling.
That thought is too pathetic for Dean to sit with, so he turns the phone off and gets up. He pads out of his room, down the hall and up to the kitchen, helping himself to a beer. The leftovers of the chicken parmesan he'd made them for dinner are sitting in neat Tupperware in a full fridge and just standing there looking at it makes him feel a little weepy.
“No, of course not, that’s not what I…” Older Dean glances helplessly at Dean, who raises his hands as if to say
“Well, thanks for your thoughts and prayers, I guess.” Dean doesn’t mean it to come out sounding sarcastic, but he’s not at his best.
"Don't be ridiculous. Sodom and Gomorrah was highly apocryphal." Cas' voice is slightly irritated, but he's still stroking Dean's hair, and Dean smiles even though Cas can't see it.
, coming on the radio when Dean was parked at a scenic overlook in the Rockies. He’d been alone, leaning back in the driver’s seat, just resting his eyes for a minute, and then the song had come on and suddenly the darkness beneath his eyelids had become the dancing shadows and flickering red light of his nightmares. He’d gone rigid in his seat, not really aware of what his body was doing, that terrible feeling of being unable to move consuming him.
“Bring Cas with you,” Garth adds, before hanging up to send them a cryptic follow-up text with an address for a haunted mansion.
Dean scrubs his hands over his face and makes himself sit up, looking at Sam again and trying not to marvel about what all of this means.
"No," Older Dean looks up at the ceiling, like he's contemplating praying for mercy or maybe just for an anvil to fall from it. "Not exactly."
Things start slipping through the cracks. It’s not as simple as Dean feeling better, so much as he finds himself feeling
It isn't so much the gender norms he identifies with. He doesn't really understand these well enough for them to factor into his identity. And it isn't just being perceived by Dean, or by the world at large. That's a part of it, of course, and it's how he first realized an important part of what he was feeling, but…
Sam catches Dean's eye before they get back into the car, his eyes pleading and soulful as only Sam Winchester's can be. Dean gets in and turns the stereo back up, gut-wrenching music or not.
But Sam doesn't know about that. Surely he doesn't know. He can't know. Dean would never tell him, no matter how much has changed in their lives, he'd never burden Sam with
Sam can see a light from under the closed door to the library where Cas, and probably Jack, are holed up. Which explains why neither of them came running at the sound of screams. The blessing and danger of semi-soundproof walls.
Dean shuddered on the floor of his bedroom some eight or nine years after clawing his way out of the grave, spasming in the cold-sweat of his bare chest. Cas' hand on his skin was like fire.
“I dunno, man. I’m - I’m forty-two, you know? I’ve seen shit you wouldn’t believe, and I’ve dealt with it, I’m dealing with it. I’ve handled it this long, so what’s the point? I don’t see how me spilling my guts to you is gonna make any difference.”
Rather than discover what horrors lay in the dilapidated bathroom, Dean ducked outside and pissed in the bushes, rinsing his hands with a water bottle he pulled from the car, and a liberal amount of hand sanitizer. He felt a little dirty, the further he came down from what had just happened, and then guilty that he felt dirty, and then confused and frustrated that he didn't know anymore how he
And Dean is fifteen when he gets his first kiss, which is absurd considering what he's been doing with his mouth and the rest of his body. Dean has never said he had a no-kissing rule, but most of the guys seem to assume he does and he certainly hasn't done anything to disabuse them of this notion.
“Okay, I mean, I’m happy for him - for them. I’ve always wanted Sam to have a real life beyond all this shit. And it’s not like I ever thought I would. But yeah, I just wish… Seems like I’m going to have to have some kind of life now, and I want…”
Dean made a soft noise as Cas pulled out, laying down next to him instead and pulling Dean into him.
It's Sam leaving him for Ruby, Dean echoing their father's words to him and Sam walking out that door anyway.
"We'll get you one. Kind of necessary these days. Here, you can take mine for now. You'll just have to answer it if anyone calls, could be a case."
"Just a bad memory. Look man, trust me, you don't wanna know. Just… it's nothing that matters now. Just let this one go, Sammy."
Cas hadn't even seemed surprised by Dean's emotional whiplash, which had rankled. He hadn't tried to talk about it, hadn't tried to touch Dean. If his "Thank you," was too sincere, too full of other things, when Dean finally got himself together and handed Cas a cup of coffee one morning in one of his usual taciturn gestures, that was something Dean could ignore.
*  *EDIT to add* I don't think I'm going to change the text in this chapter, but I may try to bring this up in later chapters, because I'm uncomfortable with how I've presented the concept of "pederasty" here. Turns out it's actually a pretty complicated subject, and to say that it is a pedophilic practice is, in itself, something of an anachronism. Obviously, sexual abuse or abuse of power dynamics is an awful thing, but it's been suggested that these relationships were usually with young men who were at least military aged, in later teens to twenties - not necessarily what has been meant by "young boys." I'm not gonna get into the complicated moral weeds of this dynamic on an end note of a fanfiction - I'm not, like, trying to condone it or condemn it. I'm just saying it's complicated. It also seems to me that some of the scholarship of this practice is a little suspect, because of the desire to paint any "homosexual" behavior as being pedophilic/immoral. Anyway, I'm not an expert in *anything*, please take everything I say with a generous helping of salt.
Dean remembers hitting the magical tripwire in that damn sanctuary, the near-electric current that went up his body. He'd felt himself going rigid before he hit the floor, and then he'd opened his eyes here.
Dean has to drive all the way out to some bougie hippy "natural foods" store he wouldn't normally be caught dead in, just to find the right ingredients for the summoning ritual. The very cute curly-haired cashier named Liz flirts with him, and Dean flirts back, an easy routine he can fall back into. When he gets back to the Impala he realizes she's written her number on the back of his receipt.
about their feelings like this, not really. Not when it's about each other, at least. Dean thinks, around the pang in his stomach and burn in his eyes, that Sammy must become a full on sap with age.
They don't talk on the drive. Sam tries to, but Dean turns the music up uncomfortably loud and Sam eventually sits back with crossed arms and a frown. Dean pulls off the highways and drives a little ways down a dusty road, gets waved through the park entrance, and steers them to an empty parking lot.
Dean bends down and starts gathering the bags back up. "Okay," he says. "We've got canned goods, dry goods, perishables." He passes the bulk of the bags over to Annie. "Snacks." He tosses two bags at the ten-year-old who peers into them and grins wider. Dean rummages in the remaining bags and pulls out a bottle, tossing it to the teenage boy in the hallway. "Those are for Lucy. Prenatal vitamins. Make sure she takes them, and for God's sake, Sean, let one of us know the next time the two of you need a ride to her appointments."
Cas was actually there for part of this one. He watches the part he didn't see, the part where past Dean hovers in the doorway and tells Lisa and Ben Braeden that he was the guy who hit them with his car. Past Dean looks as broken as Cas had ever seen before this spell.
“That doesn’t mean that it wasn’t exploitation of your situation, Dean. You don’t have to think of it this way if you don’t want to, but just because you were forced to choose among bad options, and even though you may have been compensated for that choice, it doesn’t mean that it wasn’t a violation. I’m not telling you how to frame your experiences - I don’t want to write your narrative for you. But I do want you to understand that you don’t have to blame yourself for the things you did in order to survive as a child. It’s not your fault.”
Cassie calls him on every last piece of crap, and really, it's one of the things Dean had liked so much about her.
And Dean, just to show how much personal growth he's made, hastily yanks the fourth door open to shut him up.
Dean smiles and runs his hand up Cas’ arm. The weight and warmth of it feels like an anchor, like protection.
"Okay, well, can you fix it?" Dean's breaths feel like they are pulling up short. He'll worry about the consequences to his pride later.
Which means it’s been seven hours. Which, knowing how Heaven likes its symbolism and symmetry, might very well mean that it’s already too late.
This chapter needs some sort of upfront content warning for scenes of therapy. It isn't exactly tragic, but it is heavy. (There's lighter scenes too, promise)
Cas had blinked, looking not so much like he'd just had his best friend fall mouth-first into him as like he'd been hit by lightning inside on a bright summer's day.
Can't believe I'm about to out myself like this by crediting an ABO fic, but I did get the idea to apply
“Might as well,” Dean says, stretching and scooping up a handful of sand. He dumps it straight onto Sam’s shaggy head before running for water. He hears Sam’s feet slapping the ground behind him and Dean lets out a whooping laugh of joy as he throws himself into the ocean and the waiting safety of Cas’ wet arms.
Chapter content warnings: canon-typical violence, canon-typical murder, mention of alcoholism, dissociation, grief, flagrant and deliberate misuse of theology, brief reference to fatphobia and body issues
"But when it comes to codependency," Hank goes on. "We're talking about a maladaptive approach to relationships. Some signs might be feeling responsible for everyone around you, feeling guilty and ashamed much of the time, being attuned to others’ emotions, and centering other people’s problems above your own well-being. Does any of that sound familiar?”
Dean makes something akin to sex noises when he puts the first bite of marionberry into his mouth and he notices with interest how automatically flustered Cas becomes again.
“You get up to a lot of heists? Stealing from gods and shit?” Dean asks when they’ve walked for awhile and absolutely nothing else has happened.
"You. This." Sam waves his hand vaguely. "This thing you keep doing. Maybe you're really still this messed up over you sexuality -"
Dean scratches the back of his neck. He feels out of his depth here in every possible way. He's grown up with the supernatural, but time travel? Angels? That's above his pay grade. Not his division. Older Dean and Sam seem to be taking this all in stride - like yeah, it's weird and inconvenient to have a Dean from the past running around in their timeline, but not at all unbelievable.
"Don't." Sam's not looking at him, staring down at his bag of mixed greens instead, but the lightness has gone from his voice. "That's not funny to me."
Jack comes back to them, this time carrying only a stuffed hyena and red plastic ball that lights up when bounced. “Aren’t you getting anything?” he asks, sounding deeply disappointed in them both.
“As tickled as a pickle,” Garth says cheerfully. “The twins are crawling up a storm at home and you should just see what they can get their little fingers into! Never know what the cuties will be doing next.”
"I told you," Dean says, and leans in even closer to Cas, braces one hand on the back of the stool. Now-Dean stares at the way their bodies are aligned.
