There is a slow, and then there is a damp spot on John’s cheek that he can’t place as tears until they drop in his lap. Worst of all, though, there is a palm on John’s shoulder, warm, soothing—
few feet away from me.
I gave a nod to my partner as a signal that I was about take on our equally collective response. He approved with a long-lasting blink.
It takes exactly 38 minutes before I notice the wall opposite me slowly edge open, revealing Culverton Smith.
“Okay,” I say, voice weak.
John closes his eyes—too much—for a second and nods, “I-I love you, Sherlock.”
“Lovely. So tell me: why are we doing this? To what do I owe the pleasure?”
I walk over to the table from the landing and rather than sitting across from him, I sit beside him. The tea is still too hot, but I sip from it regardless to give my hands something to do. John is the first to speak. He stares in front of him.
“That noise. From your phone.” Why is he so angry about it? “Well, are you gonna answer it?”
You’ve spent too much time on your blog today. Come back into the living room.
The only thing I take back to 221B is my clothes, my shampoo, my toothbrush, and the sheet music to the song Sherlock played at my wedding. I take it out of the hateful envelope marked “Dr. and Mrs. Watson,” and place the folded paper into my suitcase of things.
“Up until a few months ago I’m sure you didn’t think I wanted relationships at all… but,” he inhales again. “I don’t want anyone else, John. I never have, and I never will. And I know I’ve already made a vow to you once before but, I’d like if perhaps this time they could be just between the both of us instead.”
“I did say that requesting the paper would be a mistake, John,” he reminded me.
I wake up after a shared afternoon nap to see Sherlock next to me and warmth spreads through my chest. He’s leaning on my right side with an arm completely across my front. The scars scattered across his back—the scars I only knew existed mere hours ago—are a textured map of the years he spent trying to save me from the harms of the world. When he removed his shirt in front of me for the first time since he’d gone, I held him and we cried again because of the time we’d lost.
“You can’t keep doing this, Sherlock. John may not come back. You have work to do.”
I try to bring strength to my voice despite my exhaustion, “Moriarty.”
Throughout our preparations for this journey, as well as our decision to take the case that caused it, neither one of us had admitted the truth of our situation. Often, it was not safe to do so. Hearing the words exit Holmes’s mouth, however, in such a matter-of-fact way, made my heart ache. I took a deep breath, and mustered up a response.
“Sure. I’ll go pack us some sandwiches while you get ready?”
Neither of us shared any more words for the evening, and as we slept that night I dreamt of two twenty year-old boys in university. One of about six feet in height, slim and angular. The other, a few inches shorter, but more muscular and broadened. The first boy had a deep brown, almost black hair colour, whereas the second has a mousy brown shade. They sat against a tree together, both bent over a book as the taller boy pointed out intriguing passages. The second boy saw other students walk past, curious as to the strange behaviour of himself and his friend. Before them all, he took the first boy’s hand and left gentle kisses along his knuckles. Much to his surprise, the passersby smiled at them.
“I never stopped, John,” amazement in his tone, amazed he can actually say it. They hold each other unbearably close.
“I suppose I should stretch out my legs,” I stated, setting my paper aside and joining Holmes outside our small cottage.
He sighs breathily and says, “Let’s sleep for now and talk about the rest when we wake up, okay?”
The two of us eventually peeled ourselves away from each other to get dressed for the day and nibble on some bread before departing. We had received some mail within our letterbox, but concluded it was best to leave that for after our return.
A sigh, an inhale.
“Thank you,” I say softly to him, draping my arms over his shoulders. It’s more than for just the jab, of course.
“I think it looks nice,” John commented after a moment.
“Do you have an estimate of when our meeting shall take place?”
Warmth fills my body. Sherlock’s hand covers my nape. Tears edge their way down my cheeks and onto his chest. The muscles in my shoulder relax under his touch. We’ve never been this close for this long before, and I swear my heart may burst. All I can smell is
Some interesting plot developments take Holmes and Watson by surprise. Hope you all enjoy!
Holmes finally looked into my eyes. The dread behind his irises burned into my soul, and I knew the pain he was contemplating. “I am afraid, my dear Watson, that is the only way to maintain safety.”
JOHN!!!!!!! You must call me THIS INSTANT!
“There are some truly fascinating rock formations along Wembury’s beaches I could examine,” he answered with a hidden enthusiasm.
“John,” he responds in a whisper. He shuts his eyes and rests his head on my shoulder. I leave tiny imprints of my lips along his neck and we stand in each other’s space—content.
I understand his hesitation. Hell, if I were in his position I would have more than enough reasons to doubt what I’m saying. I’ve tried my hardest to hide myself through trying to be
————————————————
would want to say yes to
“What is it this time, then? Just another
“Harry?” Sherlock heard from John’s twin about her intent to cut her hair just a few days ago, of course he knows.
(See the end of the chapter for
Harry is silent for a moment before nodding in compliance, only to turn to John and give him a grin. She wasn’t going to back down today.
“You want me to move back in?”
“Do you want to accompany me to the post office?” he asked gently.
“Would you like to go to the beach today?” I asked him, placing a warm hand on his knee.
“It’s not okay,” he replies, still trying to push back.
“Mycroft forwarded to this cottage after it arrived at Baker Street.”
“Did you receive any new from Mycroft about the trial?” I inquired with a mild anxiety in my heart.
“I’m sure Mycroft’s happy with himself," he says.
My spouse’s expression sunk with an empathetic melancholy.
John carefully wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist and he felt his flatmate
“What do you suggest?”
Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson is walking up the stairs and tapping at our kitchen door in time for me to pull away.
TWs: nightmares
“Sshhhh,” he whispers to himself, though he is not the one making noise. The shouting from below only gets louder in John’s mind, suffocating his thoughts.
John and I decided that the suits would match, but not be identical. So, my waistcoat is black with indigo lining, and my tie is indigo. John’s waistcoat is the same blue with black lining, and a black tie. No boutonnieres, just simple and elegant.
He looks over at me with a mock look of disdain across his face, “And who are you to judge my stages of grief,
“I love you,” John blurted out, and Sherlock retracts, stepping away a bit.
He’s just dealt with something traumatic. Probably didn’t want to see me in the first place; why would I ask him to stay with me? Plus, I know Smith will have to confront me eventually. I give a nod and mumble, “You need your rest.” Don’t worry him, he’s got enough on his plate. It’ll probably be fine anyway,
Sherlock looked down at him to meet John’s eyes. Snow hit the windows outside. London was quiet. The entire world seemed to still whenever their eyes met, as if they were the only two people to exist.
On top of the court’s verdict, there was my knowledge of the sinister crime I had committed in Englishcombe. It was self defense, yes, though a part of me sinks with the moral conflict rushing through my head. A man as vile as Burdett deserves a fate befitting of his personality, but I felt too biased to be the one responsible for that punishment. As I contemplated further, I heard the cries from the Old Bailey courtroom on the morning of May 25. Of a public shouting the oh so complex word:
“Quite right,” I agreed, looking into his eyes with a tinge of solace. After a beat of silence, Holmes spoke again.
How its personification is that of Evan Burdett; the way it wriggles into the crevices of my soul and awakens me from all rest to haunt me, mock me.
“That is what you believe? I saw myself in a servant girl, in love with her employing family’s daughter?” He scoffed dismissively, awaiting my response.
“Since you shot Jeff Hope to save my life,” I respond. “You?”
So we begin The Lying Detective (or so to speak) - Sherlock
He lets out an airy chuckle and grins. “Thank you,” he says, looking at me in the eye. It’s not about the bed, but it has to be for now. He pauses for a minute before, “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Thank you for the other night,” I break through the empty air with a hammer. “I haven’t heard you play since…”
“We’ve both managed to muck up lots of things between one another, haven’t we?” I drop my hands and run them down his shoulders. “Moriarty’s gone. For good, this time. Can’t we start over and try this?”
“No, but it is what it is.” I let my head rest on his, my hand on his nape. Everything is warm.
TWs: alcoholism, suicidal ideation, stillbirth (this trigger will apply to at least the next four chapters, if not the rest of the fic. tread lightly friends)
“This isn’t for Mycroft.” Who was it for? Me? Himself? Why did he OD in the first place? My thoughts get more rushed as my body wakes up and my chest starts to ache again.
“Once more, for luck.”
“Sherlock,” John pushes out finally. He doesn’t know why. Make sure he knows he’s awake? Reassurance that
“Hm?”
“I’ll go check on things, I guess.” Sherlock nods. Time to try to be good at
We both know there’s more to discuss. There’s business with Moriarty we still have to sort out. There’s a standing request from Mycroft to go see him at his MI6 office with Lestrade. That’s for another day, though. That’s for when this is just slightly less fresh in both of our minds and bodies. When it’s not mere minutes from the very first time our lips touched.
“She- she’s bleeding, Sherlock. I don’t expect you’d want to—”
“I love you dearly, John,” he confessed in a soft tone. I had heard the words before, in the early hours of the morning following particularly passionate evenings. Or after the events of the case of the Speckled Band in which emotions were heightened and we finally got to the root of our feelings towards one another. I had heard my companion say this phrase many times over the years, and yet it ran chills through my spine to hear them again.
I hate myself for wanting to be with Sherlock. I hate myself for being too caught up in myself to be able to go into the delivery room for longer than 45 seconds. I hate myself for drinking away the pain into a numbness. I hate myself for hating my wife. I hate myself for not caring how she’s reacting to all of this. There’s no part of me that does not feel a pure loathing towards myself. I feel empty.
“You,” John says in a weak, ragged-with-sleep voice. My eyes widen and I can’t seem to think of what to do. The word is so painfully simple and yet so heavy with years of yearning. I’m unsure if he even means in the way that I think he does. Perhaps I’m jumping to conclusions, perhaps this is more complicated than just that three letter word.
“John, you ran five blocks from the pier and left all of your stuff behind. What could you have possibly seen that would make you run that fast, that far?”
I make my way down to the first floor and see him through the open door. He’s making two cups of tea facing the counter. I allow myself to look at him briefly before this moment of peace ceases and we have to discuss what happened last night.
————————————————
“For some reason it only takes you one month to break down again entirely when it comes to John Watson. Didn’t you promise him you would stop?” Guilt-tripping, now, I see.
John turns around to set the cups on the table and sees me. I hesitate to say his face lit up, but I swear the morning sun brightened across it when his eyes met my own.
“John, I really should be going home now,” Mary’s voice brings me spinning back around to look at her. Back to reality, I guess.
“—Sampson,” Miss Bennett confirmed with a reassuring simper.
“Stop. Can you promise me to stop blaming yourself for everything? We both did stupid things.”
John’s been shot. Moriarty and Mary are dead. Pool from last time. Explain later. Please come.
everything you could about your own brother, you HELPED HIM.”
Holmes was excitable due to his fascination with the history of Wembury. He went on endlessly and passionately about the most niche details he could muster, and every word drew me in further with love. Seeing him so engulfed in study always brought joy to me, it was his natural state. He was comfortable and truly himself in those times.
I scramble for my mobile and quickly dial 999 whilst keeping pressure on John’s leg wound. I half-scream the address and severity of the situation through the receiver, and the moment the man says the ambulance is en route, I instantly hang up and send a text to Lestrade:
“I saw my father kill someone, Mr. Holmes,” Faith says. Oh. Interesting. “I know I saw it but, I can’t remember where or who or when.”
Afternoon tea was rather pleasant, so Holmes and I spent the remainder of the daylight walking around the countryside. We returned to the inn for dinner that evening. After enjoying some brandy with the innkeeper—whom I discovered was named John as well—and his charming wife, Holmes and I retired to our room.
I could not find words, for a moment, to articulate the way my chest filled with adoration for this man. This man whom the world viewed as a machine, an impossible genius. This man who wore a deep burgundy dressing gown over grey silk pyjamas, and handed me a cup of tea at half past seven in the morning. The words took time to form, but I finally found them.
“We must find ourselves a case, Watson.” The melancholy overtaking his tone was the most shocking aspect of what he said. The words themselves, I had heard many times before and would hear many times after. But the tone, the sadness behind the clause haunted me.
Probably should, yeah. I’ll get things sorted with the nurses and be there in about an hour. He should be ok for now.
I nod slowly, “Yeah, good. I’m-I’m sorry about… what I said before, Sherlock.”
I laugh for a second, “Is that so?”
Sherlock is frozen. For about 5 seconds, and then he lets out his breath in a quiet sigh. His breathing is faster than before John confessed. John can feel Sherlock’s eyelids blinking rapidly against the thin fabric of his shirt. Another leap in his chest. 20 seconds have past with no words, but Sherlock has not moved.
pregnant she is and how annoyed she is at the same time. My chest aches and I’m not really sure why, so I look to Sherlock as if he can fix it somehow. I keep my eyes locked on him as if looking away might make him disappear.
“You’ll be all right, John, everything’s all right,” I promise him.
“Clarke will get frustrated with the piles of evidence against Wilde and be forced to resign the case. I am uncertain if any conviction will be possible in this first trial with Clarke as counsel, which will cause much delay. If they must have another criminal trial to convict him of his charge, it will give Wilde time to escape, though I doubt he will take the opportunity. Other than those specificities, I am uncertain as to the outcome.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, nothing really,” my friend said carelessly. “Merely inquiring about the culture of the area. Hatherleigh is rather new to me.”
You home now?
“Mr. Holmes?” Miss Sampson began.
I was in the kitchen, setting up an experiment and I hear him.
Thank God. Sherlock is on the other side of the door.
Hang on… You and Sherlock are?
John spits. I’ve never seen him so angry. “Got it all on phone records.” He waves his phone that’s still on call with mine in front of him.
make it stop make it all stop John’s not here he won’t be here
I notice in the second week that Mary’s belongings are gone and her wedding ring is on the dining room table. We both knew the baby was the only reason she was still here, I suppose. I wish I could say I miss her.
“Take my bed, I’ll sleep on the sofa,” I offer. “It’ll be easier for both of us since I have to redress that in a couple hours anyway. Plus, I’m physically fine, and I’ve slept there enough. I have nicer sheets than you, anyway.”
“Let me in!” John responds. He isn’t certain if he can even be heard, but knowing Sherlock, he can most likely read lips.
“You had another set of uneasy dreams, I see,” Holmes mentioned, running his palm up and down my back.
dangerous – trust you to fall for a sociopath… but she’s… y’know.” He says his words staring at the ceiling, almost like they’re not meant for me.
“If I spent so much of my time worrying for all those like us that are in danger, I would no longer have time to live my own life.”
“What are your predictions, Holmes?” I inquired with a gentle angle, acknowledging his likely unguarded emotional state.
“Goodnight, John,” again.
“Why else do you think I was tossing a giant harpoon about and begging you for a cigarette right before we left for Dartmoor?” he says into my shoulder.
“John?”
“They are rather analogous to you and I,” I said with confidence. My words finally brought my lover’s attention to me, turning away from the mirror with a snide grin.
“D’you want me to go back there? To my. Flat?” His reluctance to call it home sticks out like a sore thumb.
I don’t remember what I said but we’re getting our coats and our bags and I’m calling Sherlock:
I peek up from my vows, trembling slightly to see Sherlock with tracks of wetness falling down his cheeks. The room is silent save for the rustle of paper and the sniffles of everyone around. I smile at him, wiping away his tears, and wait for him to calm himself enough to take his words out of his pocket and say them aloud. He swallows and releases a shaky breath.
“Your daughter,” the word stings even when directed to someone else, “did she shows any signs of being suicidal before it happened?”
Another kiss. And another. Mixed with mumbled,
(See the end of the chapter for
“Especially then, yes.” I force a grin across my face.
The two of us had spent little time in the village of Wembury since we arrived. The main road was rather charming—and larger than Hatherleigh, I noted—lined with small novelty shops and a local public house. The post office was quaint and welcoming, not like the decadent ones of London. Holmes and I entered to be greeted by a charming young woman, the secretary I imagine, whom welcomed us with a smile.
“Shut up. I’ll be at the hospital in 20 minutes.” Hang up. Grab my coat. Put on scarf. Run downstairs. Battle stations. Let’s go.
It takes Sherlock slightly less time than John to realize their physical situation and the silence is unbearably loud in John’s ears. But, Sherlock doesn’t pull away or move, he actually relaxes after a moment. Then, before John even knows what’s happening, Sherlock Holmes nuzzles more into his chest and squeezes just barely at John’s torso with his right arm that’s currently draped across him. John realizes he’s currently being treated as a pillow, and he’s ok with that.
John sits in a daze, coming to terms with just how absurd what just happened is. That his friend would lie for him is one thing, but his best friend’s
Smith grins and turns back to face him, “No.”
There was a sense of incompleteness about life back home, even still, though. Neither of them had spoken of anything remotely “intense” or “emotional” whatsoever after John left his assassin wife. John couldn’t tell if this was because it was too painful or too scary, or both. They’ve become more inclined to incidental touching; just pats on the shoulder or being closer or the occasional ruffling of hair. It was nice, it felt natural. But it was just that. Probably wouldn’t ever turn into anything more, it’s been so long and—
“Yes, God, Sherlock, yes, of course I will.” He smiles back to me and lets out a breathy laugh, full of nerves. He quickly slips the ring onto my finger (perfect fit, of course) and he kisses me. It’s tender and wonderful and I swear that all the light in the world exists only between the two of us. I have spent far too much time doing things other than promising my life to Sherlock Holmes, and I don’t want to spend another day apart from him. I would say yes tomorrow, next week, in 20 years I would say yes every time. I didn’t know until not very long ago that
“Please,” Sherlock lets out a whisper. A wish.
Sherlock Holmes 11 July 20:19
“She paid off the hospital staff to lie to John so he wouldn’t know she had faked the entirety of her gestation period. She has practised infidelity in her marriage, as well. In his immense grief, he managed to let her slip away. We have eyes on her, but there’s not much we can—”
“You scared me earlier.” His voice is small and his eyes fix on the hand placed on my arm.
“Well,” he began with confidence. “Physically escaping the Bennett home is not the difficult part here. While Abigail’s mother may object to her leaving for London, she placed no restraint on the action itself. The young women can, quite easily, leave the Bennett mansion without issue, unless circumstances have changed since the writing of this letter. The complicated part then becomes that I am her London contact, but am not in London and will not be for an undetermined amount of time. I could not justify sending two women to a city they are unfamiliar with, to lodgings they have never seen, without being present myself. It simply would not be right. Additionally, it may be safer for the two of them at the moment in comparison to us, but that does not mean the climate of London’s justice system is in any way welcoming as of late. How can I, especially given my remote location, insure their safety when ours is so clearly in danger?
Sherlock comes out of the kitchen the next morning (must be 5:15, but he didn’t sleep at all) and sees John conked out on the sofa, just there. And it’s so simple. Of course John would fall asleep, he’s accidentally slept on the sofa before for midday naps with Rosie or for 20 minutes when they were working through the night and he couldn’t keep his eyes open. It’s not new. But he’s never slept all night and never not gone home. He was careful usually, wanted to make sure rosie went to bed in her room every night and or there was always something to do at home.
“I spent a long time being scared of… the lot of it really. But I don’t think I need to be afraid anymore. Being with you like this, even for less than a week is the best I’ve felt in years,” I expel the words from my brain so he knows.
Next chapter will be out on Monday (9/25)!
“Can you turn around?”
So here the regular part of this fic comes to a close. I've been working on this beast consistently for the last two months, and it's been incredibly healing. After everything with series four, this was precisely what I needed to make everything feel a bit better. There will be a tenth chapter epilogue for all of you to shed a bit of a glimpse into the rest of their lives together.
These are deep waters indeed...
“The simplest solution, then, is to distract,” he announced, raising his volume just slightly above the hushed whisper of before.
“Dunno. Just sort of, happens really. It’s… like a reflex. I can’t stop it.” I notice her shoulders are damp. “Coat.”
“Anything for the,” I pause to see him get even closer to the side of my bed. “Game.” I finish feebly.
The woman gawked in astonishment, “You, sir, are brilliant! All of your cases
My breathing steadies and I move my head back to get a good look at him. There’s a vulnerability resting on Sherlock’s features I never thought I would be able to see before now. I can tell he’s overwhelmed—hell, so am I—so I wait to say anything for a bit.
My hands start shaking and I look down at them, incapable to make it all stop.
“For me, Sherlock. I can’t keep doing this over and over again. I can’t.” His voice is so small. My chest stings.
“What the hell are you doing?” Sherlock whisper-yells back.
————————————————
Harry, you’re acting like a child. But yeah, Bill, we’re together now.
I’m so proud of you boys for finally working it out. <3 Much love.
“I… I don’t know.”
As I returned to my senses, I was able to respond.
John is aware of these things, regardless of the fact that no one else is. All these negative thoughts fill his mind often on the first day returning to school after a weekend, but they fade when he hears a familiar voice break through.
talk back to me, young lady,” he whispers in a tone everyone present knows all too well.
I’m still not used to that phrase. It feels electric. Before I know it, his hand is where it was moments ago, leading me to a cab.
“No,” I reply. “I never respond.”
“For some, there may be. But for us, no I suppose there is not.”
“We had endless piles of telegrams detailing fascinating cases right in London, didn’t we? Typically you only take cases that require a holiday if work is particularly thin,” I mentioned. I prayed that I would not have to ask directly.
I toss away my thoughts again and open my eyes to see Sherlock stretched across a chair in the living room, glancing up at the ceiling. I wonder if I said anything before I walked back inside, but Mrs. Hudson stands between us on guard, so she must know there’s a hostility. I’m unsure who’s she’s trying to protect.
Instead of knocking on his door, I walk to the tube station and hardly recall the trip back to my empty house.
did.”
Have to sound overly carefree when the circles under my eyes are dark enough to look like the shadow left behind of the daughter I never had and a wife I never loved.
The question confounded even me, despite it being directed to Holmes. I had briefly addressed the possibility during our stay in Wembury, but he entirely disregarded it with close to no explanation. I recalled his many statements over the last few weeks, saying that he doubted Wilde would elect to leave the country due to his own pride. Was it imaginable that my partner would adopt the same principle as a man at risk of being sent to prison?
I’m a doctor. Why am I shaking.
“John, hello,” she says to me in her delicate tone. She pulls me into a hug.
His room is small and the sound of the heart monitor (steady, stable, he’s okay for now.) reverberates against the walls. The sun is setting outside the window and the last beams of sunlight spread onto the bed to cover him. He’s asleep, but it’s not a deep rest. He looks unbelievably vulnerable in his hospital bed, and at least 5 years younger. Despite the horrific situation at hand right now, I can’t help but smile a bit at him. (He’s beautif—
Sherlock sighs, trying to relieve some of his own tension, and helps John stand up.
“You’re not supposed to be a doctor right now,” Sherlock’s putting extra effort into being more calming than usual. He puts a warm hand on my back. My clothes start to feel real again. I guess it’s working.
“I met you—thanks to Mike—” I gesture to him in his seat, he grins proudly, “exactly six years ago today, when I was at one of the lowest points I’d ever been. You, for some reason, wanted me to not only be your flatmate, but your colleague, and eventually your friend. I’ve since found out we both wanted more than that, but we’re pretty rubbish at feelings, it seems.” I clear my throat again, trying to push down the emotions bubbling up.
“I’ll be back later, I promise.”
“You’re getting paler,” I say. My heart is racing, and when he looks back at me with a broken smile the tears start and don’t stop.
Upon turning the water on for a shower, John makes certain that it’s as hot as he can manage without burning himself before stepping in. He washes off the booze and the sweat from the night before, but most important, he washes off the memories of the dream he had.
I was taken aback for only a second, as I caught up to his reasoning just as quickly as I caught up to his walking pace. “I suppose there is no harm in it,” I replied.
I could not breathe. My mind had halted completely, overcome with shock. The parchment in my grasp began to shake, and I soon was cognisant that it was my hand causing it. Holmes had told me, almost two months ago now, that he knew this was to be the result. He lay next to me in the inn at Hatherleigh, and he told me of this precise course of events. And yet, I was incapable of processing the words upon the page.
I dip my head and agree before I notice the vague nature of the phrase, and how he’s pulling the blankets back up and moving over to the far side of the mattress.
“What do you think, Watson? Shall we stay in the country for the week?” he asked, turning around again when he finished.
I know my body is following the doctor and nurses and Mary towards the room in the maternity ward, but my brain has been left behind. The lights of the ward pierce my eyes and I have to sit down in the waiting room, away from the voices and sounds of the room.
Sherlock, I know you’re reading this even though you might try to deny it from the other room. And I know as well that you may be reading it, thinking that I’m overly romantic or something.
“Sherlock!” he whisper-yells. Nothing. He goes to collect the pebbles from the ground to toss them up there again, and his aim improves over the next three throws. One hits the plastic surrounding the opening, another, hits the glass again, and finally the last goes through and lands in Sherlock’s room.
told that
Holmes’s fingertips on my sacrum snapped me back into reality as I realised we were back in our rooms. He was leading me through the threshold with a gentle touch.
I throw my phone across the room and shove my face into my bed. I’ll need to take another hit in 20 minutes.
fairy? Your mum is upset enough, are you
“What should we have for lunch, today, dear? We can go to the place in town we saw the other day,” he offered, clear in his attempts to cheer me up. I accepted, giving him a gentle smile in return.
“You heard me.”
We go and get chips. I realise at the end of our long walk around central London that her father, the famous Culverton Smith, must have killed
How long had John Watson been in love with Sherlock Holmes?
He looks away from me and swallows, he doesn’t want to tell me but he has to. “The woman you know as Mary Morstan was never pregnant.”
Sherlock lets out a relieved breath and moves his head back to its original position, nodding slightly.
“All day you have been observing me with the equal intensity in which I observe a crime scene,” he commented as he lifted the covers to lie beside me and turned off the lamp on his bedside table.
I hope this fic made any sorrows you have about series four lessen just slightly. I hope that what I've done here did the characters you know justice, and please let me know if it has.
“That sounds lovely, Holmes,” I added.
The two of us against the world, indeed.
I go to the house I own with a woman whose real name I do not know.
“Goodnight, John.”
John sees his hands shake on the table in front of him, but they feel a world away. He wants to stand up, go in his room, run away, lose consciousness, not exi—no. If he moves, perhaps the snake of a man beside him will begin to see him again. His mother—loving, misguided, wronged—sobs in the foyer while his father, no, the snake, stands in a stillness that is somehow more terrifying than his movement. James Watson grabs a bottle of beer from the fridge and goes to the living room, silent, empty, nothing.
Suspicions related to Holmes and my own true nature were not uncommon—nor unfounded—by 1895. We had been working together for over fourteen years by that time, and whilst the public believed I was married for the late 1880’s and early 1890’s, I was in fact just living within Baker Street. We managed to keep it under wraps the majority of the time, however I was involved in far too many cases to be a believable married man. Ever since Holmes returned from his hiatus after his encounter with Professor Moriarty in Switzerland, it became public knowledge that my wife—despite her fictitious nature—had passed on. By 1895, many people wondered why I had not remarried. Our escape during Mr. Wilde’s trial was not simply out of hypothetical danger, but due to a genuine rationalisation of true suspicions.
“How?”
he actually is. He hasn’t slept this comfortably in WEEKS, months maybe. He’d be lying if he said he didn’t want to be this close to Sherlock, too, but he’s horrified of what he would say if he found them in this state. Especially if he knew just how vulnerable and small he looks. John resists the urge to push some of Sherlock’s unruly hair away from his face to see it more clearly. Instead, he settles in, not wanting to move from this spot for as long as possible. He’s comfortable and can’t move without waking Sherlock, who hasn’t slept this long in quite some time. It would be selfish to get up, right?
it’s not that simple, but objective thought doesn’t come as easy in the dead of night with no sleep. I’ll be discharged in the morning, I can sleep eventually,
“I never want to run from you again,” Sherlock’s voice is quiet and small. Delicate. Wonderful.
“I never meant to run from you.
posh than it was before.
“It’s… it’s been all right, I suppose,” I lie. She gives me a look, telling me she sees through the layers of my own bullshit.
I chuckle and kiss his head of curls. Somehow it’s been a matter of hours and there’s an ease between us unlike anything I’ve ever experienced. “If only.”
me anymore, and I instantly know what it is:
I lie.
Always the vigilant doctor.
“Well, of course, it must be! Bah, I should leave you to it then, gentlemen. Wembury is happy to have you!” She shouted the last bit to us as we escaped out the door.
Mary was dressed in her typical attire, black, knee-length cashmere dress, black tights, and, of course, black creepers. Summer was the time the two of them were allowed to express themselves in the way they wished to, and this little day trip to Brighton was a perfect opportunity.
“He hasn’t finished the job, has he?”
It begins. No “Dear,” no anything. John pretends it doesn’t sting.
boyfriend,” I say back. We smile so much these days, it’s quite a good change in scenery around here.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know,” is all I settled for.
He has a wife, he’s not supposed to be here anyway. It’s fine.
“What is it?” I asked.
“S-speak up John.”
“How could I not?”
In the epilogue of this tale, we come upon a retired Watson, detailing his life with Holmes since the conclusion of Wilde's trials and incarceration. Told primarily through flashbacks, we see how these two men not only survived their lives together, but thrive in a beautiful, simple, contentment.
“Why’d you ask me here today?” I ask the question I know the answer to. She’s here because of him, of course.
“Mycroft,” he begins after maintaining silence throughout most of the process thus far.
“Only if you’d like to, I-I don’t really know where rosie would go. She can’t stay with Mrs. Hudson forever but I don’t think your room could fit her forever, she’s getting bigger and it was a stupid idea anyway i—”
John closes his bedroom door on an exhale of air. He can’t run out tonight, not after that. But tomorrow. Tomorrow, maybe.
There is a short nod from up above, and the curly mop of brown hair vanishes from the window sill. John takes this signal to run to the front door, and is greeted a moment later by Sherlock opening the door, quiet as possible. The two rush up the staircase and enclose themselves in the haven of Sherlock’s bedroom.
I somehow am unable to move.
“And that it would be even more useful if said person had access to high quality CCTV surveillance, as well as connections to foreign governments to negotiate with in his criminal interests?”
“Keep going, Sherlock.”
I’ll let you know if I survive Mrs. Hudson.
An exasperated sigh, and then, “Alright… thank you.” It’s the closest to an expression of gratitude that James Watson is capable of, but John can just imagine the noxious look he shoots Sherlock as the door shuts.
“I suppose we want what we can’t have, huh?” I swear I can hear the crack behind his voice and my heart breaks. He doesn’t have to say anything more.
“Sherlock, dear, where are you rushing off to?” Mrs. Hudson must have heard the door slam and she’s standing in the middle of the foyer in her night clothes.
“No,” I deflect. “Do you own an American car?” Don’t know why I asked
“Holmes, is everything all right? That woman was rather jarring, but did she truly affect you to this extreme in those short minutes?” I pried, hoping for some kind of response.
“Didn’t I just tell you? Text her, phone her, just do
“I believe he said something like he ‘owed you.’ Sound familiar?” The casual way he spouts those words makes panic rise throughout my body.
John shakes his head of the fog in front of his eyes and looks up at Sherlock. For a second, or half of one, John sees the gloss of tears around Sherlock’s eyes. A care and concern and maybe—something else lines his face. Ignoring what he sees, John grabs the back of his own head and feels for a bump, or blood, but he can’t quite distinguish between water and blood at the moment.
I was not cross or angry with him by any means, no. If I was angry at anyone, it was the Marquess of Queensberry, as he was the one who caused the man I love to be terrified of the one city he calls home. Whilst I enjoy holidays, and am accustomed to living anywhere due to my military background, Holmes dislikes change. This was true then and remains true now. The Marquess, as well as the courts of the United Kingdom, were endangering Holmes’s, as well as my own, ability to be content in our home. He was already becoming rather restless at the inn we inhabited at Hatherleigh, but we stayed there for a mere few days. Now, with a second trial imminent, there was no way to tell when my companion and I could return to 221B.
I wish I could, we’re building the cot for the baby tonight and painting the nursery.
You two really are adorable, aren’t you?
being a… ssspineless maggot. Trying to run away from home like a
“Chips?”
“You must write back to her immediately, then, Sherlock. She is at risk of facing a forced marriage if we don’t act in haste.”
“I was trying to help him!” Smith lies.
“Among other things.”
She tells me she pulled the gun Sherlock was waving around back onto him and handcuffed him into the boot of her car (an Aston Martin? My god) which she proceeded to drive directly to my doorstep. She opens the boot and I see him, curled in on himself and trembling with, fear? drugs? both?
“Why can’t Wilde find some way to escape?” I demanded, whilst still keeping my voice hushed. “Surely he has acquaintances on the continent to offer him salvation, far from this persecution.”
and twiddles his thumbs. “Well, er, now that you’re awake I should, erm, I should probably go home.”
There’s a pause in the air as I realise I have to pull out my speech from my pocket and begin this. I do, and I look up again to see Sherlock patiently waiting for me with loving eyes.
The doctor says something about her losing the baby because of one thing or
Then, I looked up at Holmes.
Mycroft got you I imagine?
He looks over at me and his eyes pierce my skin. “I’m not going to be able to beat this one on my own, John.” I haven’t heard him say my name in over a month. My chest feels heavy and painful.
“Easily done, sir,” she insured. There was a brief pause from her before, “Sir, am I not mistaken when I think you are the detective Sherlock Holmes?”
“Sounds good.”
As we found seats in the dining room, I had time to properly look at Holmes’s passionate expression.
Holmes returned to his original position atop my torso, and all felt balanced in our world. In that moment, we did not think about the terrifying trial between Oscar Wilde and the Marquess of Queensberry. We did not concern ourselves with the dangers outside our small, temporary living quarters. In the short minutes before sleep overtook us, all that occupied our minds was one another.
“I’d like to think… I’d hope at least, that you consider me a friend. And friends are here for one another, right?” She looks up at me to attempt to get some approval, and continues. “I don’t want to seem like I’m overstepping or something, so tell me if I’m saying more than I should but… I think you move back to 221B.”
John hopes for no penetrating questions of
————————————————
Holmes took his hands to a steepled position under his chin and shut his eyes. He leaned back against the deep green fabric of the seat and said nothing. I took that as an appropriate answer, and made my way to the dining car.
John Watson 11 July 19:27
After enjoying a modest dinner of potato soup, Holmes and I readied ourselves for bed. As we undressed for the evening, a thought came to my mind.
The Six Thatchers pt. 1 - John
The door of our cottage shuts to leave the two of us in our cozy but wonderful sitting room; alone in our new home. I wrap my arms around him, pressing my lips to his forehead.
I shouldn’t expect any different, should I?
She sighs. Fair enough. “So what do you think?”
He truly is a repulsive human being, I must admit. Whether or not he’s a serial killer, I’m unsure. He’s unreasonably obsessed with the works of H. H. Holmes, however. The man who created a hotel with the purposes of killing his guests for sport.
“I turned in my 2 weeks to the GP office,” I say over breakfast one morning. He looks up at me and his face is soft, not quite hardened with the weight of the day.
“And it is true that you, yourself, are not dissimilar to the quiet, yet focused, and incredibly stoic figure that belongs by her side.”
Their chemistry instructor, Mr. Sawyer, has a conflicting relationship with these two students. While they are indeed brilliant, he will admit, they are so engrossed in a separate world that their intellect seldom reaches the rest of the students.
The scream that leaves his lips would be piercing without the muffle of the cotton beneath him.
“God, yeah, that was quite the day.” I pause and look up at the heart monitor and the saline bag. “You alright?”
Mary asks a question that John cannot possibly hear right now, and he just stares. Sherlock Holmes, curly hair that is now dyed black and cut shorter than before, is sitting just two tables down from him. He is wearing a leather vest, covered in patches and buttons, a black button up shirt, and ripped black jeans. He has black eye makeup and black lips. All of this, John could predict with ease. But, there’s something else glaring in John’s vision. Slicing into his veins and draining him of any semblance of life.
His reply was accompanied by his fingers running through my hair.
But it doesn’t matter. Time to go take care of Sherlock.
“Sit up a bit, love, you can lean on your pillows against the headboard,” he says, moving my pillow from underneath me as I slowly scoot upwards. He places the tray on my lap and climbs over my legs to get to his side of the bed, grabbing my hand briefly. “Happy birthday.”
“It’s fine if you’re not, Sherlock.”
As I get home, the flat is oddly quiet. I open the door to the sitting room and I hear violin begin to play. I know it’s Sherlock, but it can’t be live since his violin is gently placed on the cleared coffee table with a piece of sheet music tucked underneath it. I look at the title and it says:
He wants to turn me into a thing.
“Good morning, my dear,” he murmured.
“I will cook some eggs and beans for breakfast, then,” I offered.
When John was here, the nightmares didn’t come.
“I will start the kettle, you should have tea to soothe your thoughts,” he offered, kissing my forehead as he pulled himself from me.
After another minute, his breathing slows and his eyes shutter open. It takes John a moment to see me.
“Here, let me do it,” he grabbed the ornaments from John’s hand and placed them accordingly. John noticed how close Sherlock was to him, mere inches from touching. “We just have to put the star on top.”
I wonder when we’ll be freed from the agony of hospitals.
John turns to me and the silence is dense with love.
Christmas morning is grey, lifeless, empty. Harry’s vacant seat on the sofa silences the three remaining Watson’s with a weight that cannot be acknowledged if James is here. John drinks his morning tea, eats his mother’s delicious breakfast, and then around half-noon, he makes the phone call. Asks if he’s welcome to intrude on the Holmes family’s somewhat unconventional Christmas celebrations. Of course, of course, he is.
On May 25th, the verdict came in.
Clench my first. I pretend not to notice her scowl at me. I realize I’m holding a piece of paper she handed to me with words she remembers on it. I sniff it. Garlic.
“Just get off me, dad,” John motions to push him away but James grabs his wrist, constricting.
“One last thank you. She didn’t deserve to die, and she played a fun game, but that’s all. Doesn’t matter.” I’m on the heels of telling him everything. Of spilling all the truths I’ve kept hidden away for so long, although I know I can’t. This isn’t about me.
Sherlock does not move from his spot and simply says, “I can’t imagine running from you, John.”
on the bottom of the skirt of her dress. Not sure what that is. Probably figure it out in a second. Hand is shaking again. I bring it up to the level of my face and watch it.
————————————————
Shake my head again. Make it
“What the hell…” Lestrade mumbles.
The Lying Detective Pt. 3 - Sherlock
We reach the ambulance and I demand to go with him. Before they have the ability to object,
Tears fall down Mary’s cheeks silently and all she says is, “I’m sorry, John.”
Reality stops for a moment as I think about what could happen if I tried to hug him right now and the thought morphs into me sitting in the waiting room, about to pass out on his shoulder as my daughter dies in a delivery room. I see red. I feel heat and anger boil within me for reasons I can’t quite explain.
The next morning I wake up and notice I haven’t slept so soundly in a long time. I, almost instinctively, check beside me to see that John is gone. My initial thought is that he ran off, afraid of what his sleep-ridden mind made him do. The thought doesn’t last long as I hear the sounds of someone fiddling with things in the kitchen.
I can’t think about Sherlock, I can’t answer his texts or emails. I can’t look at pictures of him without feeling guilt swirl through me like a vicious ooze. I haven’t gotten to the point where I’m really able to understand why that is, but it just is. The guilt leads to anger. The anger makes me want to punch something or drink more or both. I pretend this is okay.
“So, what now? What’s Moriarty planning next?” Mary asks as if she’s wide-eyed and innocent. It turns my stomach.
They arrest Smith. Apparently, he can’t stop confessing. I know that this is exactly what Moriarty planned. I know that there’s nothing more I can do then play his game now and just anticipate the next move. I know Mary’s coming soon.
“Merely a letter drop-off is all,” Holmes responded politely, placing it upon the counter.
, all the aromas that make Sherlock perfect. Slowly, I let my arms wrap around his torso, returning the hug. He inhales a quick breath as I do. Weight returns to my chest as I realise just how long we’ve been standing like this and how each second longer makes this mean more.
My phone buzzes and it’s John. He rarely
The bruises on his face from the night before are in full bloom on John now. A shiner, a slashed lip, some minor scrapes from hitting the wall. He cannot allow Mr. and Mrs. Holmes to see him like this. They will know, right away. He knocks on the Holmes’ front door hiding his face in a hoodie.
There’s a twinge of
Some were too simple, others were made obsolete with time. Even more were far too sensitive to touch upon—too public, that is. Holmes negated the majority of the piles we accumulated, and his stubborn rules of what was acceptable made the process grueling yet easy. If there was a surplus in our options, it would have only complicated things. This way, if there were cases, there were few.
“John doesn’t have to know, though, does he? Doesn’t care enough to answer my texts. Doesn’t want me.” I hate the words as they come out of my mouth.
Ever since the two boys met at the start of Year 10, John spent many evenings a week at the Holmes residence. Both of Sherlock’s parents are always unbelievably kind to John, and no one has ever questioned why it is that he wishes to eat dinner with a family separate from his own multiple nights a week. It seems as if Violet Holmes already understood from the moment she first saw him, but never acknowledges it with anything more than a soft smile and a welcoming cup of tea.
“I’m not gonna run along behind you like a loyal dog while you solve yet another petty crime, Sherlock,” I spit.
“You’re hardly even conscious, you just overdosed on half a pharmacy’s worth of drugs, just— You’re going to the hospital,” I can’t seem to let go of his arm. He tries to budge to open ou-his front door.
“Hello,” I say.
“Is it alright?”
“Okay, how do you know that?”
“Yes, they’re probably very active at the moment,” I reply. We detach from one another just enough for me to take my husband’s hand and lead the two of us into the garden of our new home. I show him the bees, buzzing and lively as ever, making sweet honey at all times because they cannot do much else. I find that John reminds me of bees.
“I love you,” I say after a bit of quiet. John looks up at me, face almost shining.
Do you have
The question visibly takes him by surprise. I’m sure he expected me to leave it, eat my toast with marmite, and move along with my morning. I’m sure he expected me to do what’s always expected. But I can’t keep tiptoeing like this.
Sherlock takes a deeper breath and his body shakes a bit on the exhale. I suppose that’s the only answer I’m getting.
My phone buzzes in my pocket.
“Sherlock?” I begin. He is sitting in his chair, feet outstretched. I am at the desk, on my laptop.
“Oh, you…” I begin, but words don’t come. It’s the tiniest gesture, something I’ve heard other couples do all the time. Although it strikes a chord within me that I can’t seem to explain. John’s made me meals countless times in the past, but this is the first time he’s ever brought the meal to me within minutes of me opening my eyes. An overwhelmingly lifting and yet heavy affection fills me up and I have never been more thankful to have him
I stand there almost long enough for this to seem odd, so I open the door just a bit more to make my way inside. I don’t quite make it to his bed when,
Couldn’t have done it without your advice, Molly.
It’s been a week since I threw the flashdrive into the fireplace of Sherlock’s parents house while I pushed the scripted, prepared words out of my mouth.
“You know that… this is it for me, right? I’m not going anywhere after this,” I say it because I can’t seem to keep anything in anymore.
I scoff and look away from him. “Have you ever considered I might be a bit
behind Sherlock’s eyes. John can’t seem to recognise it. It isn’t the typical, friendly exchange they share in the halls of school, or the secret, private smile he reserves for when John makes him laugh particularly hard. This look is different. The room feels loud in its stillness. John tries to deduce, to search for what lies behind his best friend’s irises until he notices that he’s been looking for far too long at his
When he finally reaches Sherlock’s front door, he realises there is a decision to make. Does he knock, risking that one of or both of Sherlock’s parents come to the threshold with far too many questions? No. But, if he does not knock, what is he going to do? He sorts through his rapid forming, anxious thoughts and only then notices that Sherlock’s bedroom window is ajar. A dim light shines through the curtains, and he sighs with relief.
When the telegrams and letters from Baker Street arrived at our cottage, the mass of papers overwhelmed me. We brought them all into the study, hoping that one of the dozens could provide some salvation from potential dangers of public discovery.
On the morning of his 17th birthday, John is shaken awake by the thin, spidery hand of someone familiar.
He finally looks back up at me with pleading eyes. “It was nothing.” His words don’t match his face.
“I simply want to maintain our personal safety,” he finally explained.
“While the matter does not impact mine or Pepper’s safety in any direct sense, I cannot say it does not frighten me. A man so prominent in English society, so quickly turned into a pillar of shame to the public…” Miss Bennett lamented, ultimately unaware of how this sentence easily could apply to the man sat beside me just as it applies to Oscar Wilde.
you rather than
Mary screams in the delivery room. The hairs on my arms stand on end.
He saw Sherlock begin to tremor slightly and look back up at him, “How long?” He took a step forward on his words.
“I have never once been ashamed to love you,” he said in a hush. Of all the things he may have said to me in that moment, those words were quite possibly the least expected, yet most comforting. I covered his hand with my own, relishing in his warmth.
“Can’t we just take the next one? M’head hurts,” John mumbles, coming to terms with the fact that groaning will not be enough to silence Mary’s insatiable energy right now.
Now I can finally get some work done. Once Mrs. Hudson stops smothering me with tea and biscuits.
“Are you?” And it hits something deep inside my chest.
Are you coming home soon?
Breathing is not possible.
Yesterday’s Not Here by Pete Shelley, released in 1981. He listed the full track list of the Homosapien album in his mind as the exercise he knows all too well. He’s been with Mary for four months, and most of the time, John has been able to contain these outbursts he doesn’t understand to when he takes showers, or long after she falls asleep, or when he is otherwise alone. But they are in a different city, a different world away from the consistency of London. There is no hiding from Mary this time.
The Lying Detective Pt. 2 - John
before you came along and told me all the eccentricities of people and lives that I thought little of.
Daggers. Thousands of daggers manage to break my skin while not existing at all. Pain covers my body like a disgusting blanket. It’s a cancer. I can’t breathe.
“Sherlock, I—” he pauses and takes a breath. “I just wanted to say I’m sorry for… ignoring you… like that,” he hardly manages to get the words out.
I explain that she kept the paper out in her kitchen but used to keep it folded and she had an unhealthy relationship she recently left.
I listened to all his words and retellings with care, occasionally drifting into my imagination. Thankfully, due to the time of year, the beaches were mostly barren. Many were too occupied, tending to their farms and their families to wander along the shore as we were. It added a sense of freedom to the relaxing adventure, and allowed me to become truly engrossed in my own contentment.
It’s fine.
His bitterness doesn’t make any sense.
“I love you so much, Sherlock Holmes,” the quietest, most desperate voice. A plea. “I’ve always, always loved you.”
“You’re probably on a case, working out Moriarty’s next
“Are you going to explain what this album is or just have me guess, then?” John asks with an intentional sarcasm.
Both of their eyes are closed.
It was the first nice evening I’d had in some time.
“There are times, my dear, when the rush of the city overwhelms me,” he admitted.
TWs: attempted murder/suffocation
“Look, John,” a hushed, yet enthusiastic voice prys. It’s the high voice of Sherlock Holmes, John’s best friend and a firecracker of intellect. They walk shoulder-to-shoulder through the halls, towards the science class they both love. “I found a perfect way to keep a miniature apiary in my bedroom!”
“You’re my last hope,” she begs me.
“Then maybe you just won’t beat it.”
“Yeah. I do.”
“I love you,” I say because I must. I say because absolutely nothing else could come out of my mouth right at this minute.
He rustles next to me as his eyes flicker open, and I smile down at him.
how to cut my hair, old man,” she spits back. Catherine Watson can’t watch, she turns around, trying to tidy while taking anxious sips of wine.
“... Apiary?” Miss Bennett said singularly. I elected not to make any conclusions based solely on the strange statement, and continued to listen to Holmes’s response.
“Quite,” I whisper. I know that this cannot be the end. I know he is not supposed to actually kill me. I know that Moriarty has planned every moment of this exchange, but I have to play the game to complete the puzzle.
The cottage Holmes and I were to stay in at Wembury was perfectly quaint and welcoming. With two bedrooms of equal size, Holmes determined to utilize the second, unused room as a study. The parlour had the ideal amount of space for the two of us, surrounding a brick fireplace as the hearth. Thankfully for the both of us, I had gained a moderate culinary skill from spending various afternoons with Mrs. Hudson whilst Holmes was out following a lead of some kind. My abilities were limited to that of beef stew, eggs, mince pies, toast, and sausage. However, it was enough to suit my typical diet along with Holmes’s selective one.
“Mm,” he mumbles out in response against John’s front. “What?”
Time ceases to exist. Eventually, I’m in a car. Some time after that I’m in Mycroft’s office. The chair’s leather is too smooth and feels like a seat of oil on my skin. Mycroft stares at me. His voice pierces through my skull.
“Course I do. Your brother has eyes around this entire city, so I’m sure Jim can manage having eyes inside Baker Street,” he says it with a nonchalance that cuts through the air.
person and Faith must have caught him but was drugged to forget it.
“How long?” John asks. Sherlock finally looks up at him.
“Do you want me to help with that?” I process what he’s asking after picking up the syringe and mindlessly preparing the needle.
“Erm,” I can’t seem to think of the right way to address it.
Finally, Sherlock turns his head to look at me. “You stayed.” There’s a tinge of surprise in it, as if he didn’t expect me to be here. He told me to go back to Mary after all of this. After nursing him back to health and dressing his wounds and sleeping in 221B for a month. Does he truly think after all of that I’m even capable of being anywhere else?
“No. No, as, erm, as more than… that.”
Mycroft looks at the floor then back to me. Methodical. Doesn’t care about John. Disgusting. Horrible. “No, it isn’t. But you must understand that John may very well be in danger now that she’s escaped. I gather you know of her connections to Moriarty.”
“It’s no problem, Sherlock, really,” he excuses, playing down the pain I see lining his face.
John re-enters his body with a jolt of realisation and a spark of a familiar feeling he has ignored for far too long. Sherlock’s hand on his shoulder is simple, something any friend would do to another who is crying on their bed in front of them. But somehow, Sherlock’s comforting palm is infinite in its danger and endless in its intensity. It does not feel like a friend’s consoling touch, but more akin to sharp, piercing start to something terrifying. If he meets Sherlock’s eyes, his own might just burn.
John lumbers up the stairs ahead of me (I wanted to keep an eye on him so he doesn’t fall) and we trickle into our flat.
A bit of jumbled mess, that is, isn’t it? Needless to say, after our first interaction that day I was quite mixed up in my own feelings. I’d been back home from Afghanistan for such a short time, and I didn’t think anything was going to happen. But, somehow Sherlock Holmes swooped in, almost hero-like, to make something happen; to save me from whatever rubbish hole I was falling down.
I found his words to be much more removed than he typically was with me while in the privacy of one another’s space. He spoke about it as he often spoke to clients. A frank, unemotional tone. This only added to the pain I was feeling, and I could not stand it.
Sorry that this chapter took a bit longer to come out!! I wanted to make it as good as it could be, so I ended up re-writing this chapter twice. I hope the wait was worth it, though.
“Yes, I know,” I sighed. “There was a small part of me that wished I would somehow be proven wrong. But the hope was rather useless.”
“It is early enough that it should be fairly empty of anyone else. That sounds lovely.”
“No, I suppose not,” I said, returning to my senses moments later. “Am I truly incorrect in my statement, though? Miss Bennett is extremely intelligent. She conducts herself as the composed, proactive member of the duo, yet we saw clearly from our interactions today that she is the more emotional of the two. She craves city life, and helped perfect this brilliant plan of yours. Is it so ridiculous to suggest that you may have sympathised with her due to your own personal experiences?”
“Of course,”
I refuse to have more than 3 people in this flat at one time.
“Don’t tell
(See the end of the chapter for
I’m not sure why I’m trying.
We adjust to the cottage, to living in Sussex, just a ten minute walk from the beach. We spend our days existing in a peace that neither of us suspected we would be allowed. I glance at the rings adorning our left hands as we walk along the side of the ocean, and even this seaside feels like home with him next to me.
I shake my head with only a slight disbelief. “He’s done it before, why wouldn’t he do it again?” I hesitate for a moment, considering the man I have on the phone tucked under my thigh on this hospital bed. “So he truly is alive, then?”
“I-I’m fine, I think? I need to dry off first. We didn’t bring a towel, did we?”
“She- she’s bleeding, Sherlock. I don’t expect you’d want to—”
“I am afraid, my dear Watson, that this is precisely the result I anticipated.” The words break my heart. His tone is defeated, lacking the enthusiasm I experienced from him just days prior. Perhaps he was allowing himself to forget the reality of it all for a time, or simply detaching from our life in London. Now, however, he was far beyond aware. Now, he was afraid.
Holmes and Watson venture to the northeastern beaches of Cruden Bay, Scotland.
Mary takes a cab.
She turns to me with a bit of surprise, but then her posture eases and her smile returns, “Thank you, Sherlock.”
“What was that?” he inquires, placing his hands on his hips. I’m unsure of what’s coming next.
is ok?
Part of me wants to curl myself around him and tell him everything’s okay and the other part wants to run the opposite direction as far as possible without stopping and never live a life where Sherlock Holmes is a concern of mine. But I know that just means I would stop living a life at all. My brain can’t seem to make up it’s mind so I take a deep breath as he slowly gets himself up and out of his temporary prison.
“Good morning, my dear,” he said calmly as he handed me my cup.
“Please,” I whisper and shut my eyes for a moment before forcing myself to open them again. I keep all my focus on him and making sure he makes it to the hospital without bleeding out.
Harry takes a deep breath in, and on the exhale looks back up at her father, red in the face with rage and drink and poison and most of all, hate.
Holmes remained in the study for some time. I had long finished my coffee and toast, was already dressed for the day, and was occupying my mind with the morning paper when Holmes finally emerged from his study with the folded letter, addressed and sealed within a simple envelope.
“If you hadn’t noticed, he won’t really
“I see you have decided to have some late night adventures,” Violet Holmes says in her typical, gentle cadence. But there’s a very slight venom behind it.
John swallows, “No,” he pauses, “I don’t.” He feels his voice shrink.
“I know,” he answers, seeing that all I was doing was comforting myself.
“I don’t want to die,” I say, the humiliation rising in me.
I realise speech is difficult when I attempt to respond, but sound won’t emerge from my lips. I submit to a nod and he gives me a small smile.
“You are remarkable.”
Snow hit the window panes of 221B on a diagonal and John smiled at the stark contrast between the world outside and the warmth of home. It was the evening of December 24, he and Sherlock were putting the last ornaments on the tree, all was calm. He’s been back in Baker Street for about 6 months now, and things from years past are nothing but memories.
“O-oh. Yes… Are we going to remain here until we leave for London? Or do you have another stop available?” I inquired, quickly changing the subject.
“Do you have any ideas then?” I asked. “For this escape plan of theirs?”
“Yes,” I answer anyway.
Our guest list is comprised of:
I take a deep breath and close my eyes. “Okay.”
“W-well, er, well,” Greg stumbles. “Let me… erm, get the rings here.” He pulls them out of his pocket and hands them to the both of us.
They immediately place Sherlock in Intensive Care, as per my demand. I tell the doctors they have to keep me up to date on how he’s doing throughout the process or I’ll go in there myself. Finally, after a few hours, they let me go into Sherlock’s room.
We’re at a crime scene for a particularly unexciting  case, Sherlock explaining principle to Lestrade. Most of it goes over my head, but I listen to what I can.
“Go out for chips,” he suggests. If we stay in this flat any longer I’m positive words will fall out of my mouth. I know this is the best thing we can do.
He sighs and gives me a resigned nod. I can see his hands begin to tremble again and I know he’s craving another fix.
“N-no, er, not that I know of. She was always a happy girl, really. Always hardworking and independent. Truly horrible, what’s happened. Got to manage and keep going, though.”
I realise that this appeared to Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock as me storming back into the house without a moment’s notice.
against the wall. The snake has found him. He moved too soon.
Mary, sits herself down on the sofa with a groan, making a point of just
I looked up from my novel with a half grin, “I suppose there is no harm in it.”
“Holy shit, Sherlock.”
“Not if I make you my husband first,” I tease. He grins into the next kiss and I wonder if we’re ever going to get out of this bed and into our suits.
that takes over his body, using the wrist under restraint as an entry point. The moment blurs.
Jim does love playing games with Sherlock Holmes.”
“You’re probably a fairy too, huh? God’s just p-
But then he relaxes a bit and looks up at John with a soft expression.
“Sherlock Holmes, do you take John Watson to be your husband?”
I hate myself for making him afraid. I take a deep breath.
Bill Murray 11 July 18:46
“Mmrph,” I groan into the pillow to answer. He sits on my side of the bed and touches my thigh.
Maybe, he didn’t even see Sherlock. Maybe he just saw someone like him.
“Chips,” I blurt out.
“I love you,” I say; a compulsion. Ever since I’ve been allowed to say it, it’s as if I can’t stop.
“John,” with the date of 31 December 2010 beside it. I vividly remember that first New Years during the Adler case. I didn’t realise he named the composition after me.
Jim was responsible for the majority of the cases Sherlock and I ever took. The fact that Janine is his sister, placed in close quarters with Magnussen to keep tabs on him. The fact that James Moriarty managed to manipulate and control the largest aspects of Sherlock’s (and my) career, only allowing the parts he wanted to bubble up to the surface.
Oh BOY it's the last chapter of this, I'm a bit in shock honestly! This was without doubt my favorite thing to write ever. Never have I had such pure enjoyment and ease in my writing experience as I did with TGaOC, and the end is rather bittersweet. The last work I did was something I did to mend my mixed emotions and wrap up loose ends, but this is a story done out of a necessity to get it onto the page.
“It’s nothing, really John.”
Realising he will certainly lose this fight, John turns over onto his back and looks up at his girlfriend. She has fair skin and dyed black hair, cut in a bob. They’ve been together since March, and it’s good. Normal. Normal and good.
“Don’t blame this on him.” Disgusting.
Later, I get a knock on my door and a phone call at the same time, both from Mrs. Martha Hudson. It’s surprising how long she’s stayed away, actually. Probably here to demand that she make me tea or something.
After reading the hastily written words, I looked up to my companion, only to find his eyes on my own.
If anything at all, I was thankful for the lack of truly horrid news. At the very least, the information was neutral in nature and merely an account of things. I prayed that the next update we received would not be any different, though I knew that was unlikely.
“Can I kiss you?” And it’s as if I cannot possibly nod fast enough.
John leans in just enough and kisses him and the world holds still for a moment as Sherlock Holmes and John Watson are finally kissing one another after all this time. John feels his heart skip a beat. Sherlock holds John’s face in his hand. After holding still
Sometimes I dream of her. I dream of her running around the park with a daisy tucked behind her ear and she yells, “Daddy, daddy, follow me!” before I catch her up in my arms and raise her up towards the sky. I wake up with a pool of tears on my pillow and curl into myself to make it better.
“Sounds wonderful.” And it does, truly.
Harry probably finds the remnants of the letter and the still-on telly and the five dry bottles and doesn’t even have to open John’s door to know what happened. Hell, John has found her in situations all too similar before. The thought doesn’t keep him from an empty, dreamless, blackout sleep.
Holmes dropped his shoulders in sympathy and sat beside me on the sofa, leaning on my chest.
“You rrreally don’t wanna wind me up right now, Johnny,” he hisses.
And we do, and it’s everything I have ever wanted resting upon my
My phone vibrates two hours later. A cup of neglected cold coffee is on the counter behind me with a half eaten bagel. Sherlock’s still sleeping. I know it’s her, and I know I have to look no matter how much I don’t want to.
you don’t own a car. You don’t
the other chair and notice it’s too heavy. Something’s in there. Something shouldn’t be in there. Don’t know what. Shit. I throw it for her to catch. I want to go back to bed and pretend this never happened.
I only now notice Mary filling the seat beside me. She feels like a curse. The curse who just happens to be my wife, who happens to be carrying my child, who
Maybe next time.
I’m still bad but I’m better at pretending around people like Mrs. Hudson or coworkers or people that know how to be sensitive. Even if that sensitivity sometimes makes me want to claw my own eyes out the second it turns into pity.
“How do you know I won’t manage to muck this up too?” he asks, voice small and still a bit afraid.
“Thank you,” is all I say back.
I have tea and the latest James Bond film that you said you liked.
“Y-you never saw them,” she defends, pulling her sleeve down yet again.
“Don’t. Just, don’t bullshit me here, okay?”
I’m unsure what needles are for my testosterone and what’s for the cocaine and I’ve truly stopped caring, but a mug with a couple syringes in it to prep them for? One of the two? Can’t remember if I took my prescription this week. Funny that I still care.
“Why would I ever do that?”
“You can’t tell things like that from a piece of paper.”
Lestrade makes his way over to us as well, still giving enough distance for them to get to John. I let my grip of him drop as they decide to lift him onto a gurney. I follow them at an almost running speed to the ambulance.
See you soon.
In the Holmes house, no child is ever questioned vigorously if he wishes to share a bed with his best friend. It is safety and warmth, and all the things the Watson house so often is not.
Seizing the brief opportunity being provided to him, John races up the stairs and closes his bedroom door in the noiseless way he’s learned to master over the years. Grabs his backpack, shoves as many clothes he can grab in two hands inside, takes as many of his things as he thinks he may need.
The two of us wake up on the morning of our wedding curled around one another. I’m half on top of Sherlock, legs tangled around his, and my arm reaching up his back; my ring touching his shoulder blade. My face is tucked in the crook of his neck and I greet him with light kisses under his chin.
“Oh, it’s way too weird for me,”
“I am going to sit in the dining car for a bit, I think,” I said, standing and moving towards the door of the cabin. “I need some form of nourishment. Feel free to join me if you wish.”
There is a pause in the conversation as Violet goes over to the kettle to fill it up with more water. Sherlock keeps pulling John closer and closer to the door out of the kitchen, but John is resistant.
Moriarty had done many things both Sherlock and I were unaware of over the years. We’d had much of them laid before us, but apparently there was one final piece to the web we had to learn of last.
“C’mon, John, let’s go back upstairs. I have a new album to show you,” Sherlock gestures for him to stand up as he makes his way back to the privacy of his bedroom.
My partner nodded and set the letter aside. He arose from the bed and made his way to the second bedroom—his study—presumably to write his response. I allowed him privacy for the time, and instead of following him, went to fetch myself some morning coffee and breakfast.
Mycroft just stares at him for a moment. I know what he’s trying to imply, and it’s horrifying. A rage boils in the pit of my stomach.
I thank him with a home cooked dinner of potato stir fry that we eat in mostly silence.
pleading in his soul that he can avoid any talk of the hell back in the Watson residence.
“I can’t remember sleeping so well before in my life.”
“You still managed about 9 hours of sleep, though. You were tired.” Sherlock keeps his head turned towards the window. The sun is just starting to peek over the horizon. I look at my hand.
, I’ll be fine, I just need to get inside,” his eyes are more red than they were on the plane. Probably the drugs.
“I suppose you are right,” I said, beaming. I took a singular step closer to my lover and met my lips to his. Holmes brought his grip up to my nape, maintaining the kiss with a listless pace. Many minutes passed, and by the time we separated, there was significant colour in my cheeks. Holmes leaned his brow against my own and took a deep inhale.
How this man could even think of such a question boggled his mind. John stepped forward, they were unbearably close, but not looking at each other. John touched his forearm, Sherlock did not pull away.
The world has seemed to stop as they have found each other in this moment now, in this bed, in this room, in this flat. Waiting so long, aching, running, dying, all of it culminated in this moment of revelation. And they never want to let it go.
After many silent moments, long after I had given up any hope of reply, utterly lost in my own thought, he spoke.
“What?”
“Yes, I am afraid so,” Holmes muttered.
eyes.
He slowly moves his hand up to cover my arm and keeps his grip on me. We look at one another for a long moment, and then the doors are opening and the EMT’s and Lestrade are coming towards us.
I promise you, Eurus does not exist.
“Hang on a minute… I was looking out of the window. Why was I doing that?” Thoughts escaped again.
“Even if all intellectual and homosexual society rebelled, the government will still put him in prison.” He pauses for a moment. “In fact, the only object protecting us from the same fate is my abilities. If, at any point, Scotland Yard decided I was no longer useful to their case work, or the British government no longer cared for my assistance, we would be put in a trial just the same.”
“What is it?” Mycroft responds. Lestrade sits between them, puzzled by the abrupt interruption.
I was supposed to keep them safe. Even if that meant just John and the baby. I made a vow.
? He hasn’t seen me in three weeks. How could anything I do be contagious to him. The scar on my sternum aches.
I show her the paper again, “There, see, it’s obvious isn’t it?”
“If I’d told you everything maybe you wouldn’t—”
“If you’d like,” he speaks with a certain ease I have yet to find.
“Mother, we were just skipping rocks and then John slipped. He needs to wash up a bit, and then we’re going to bed,” Sherlock responds in his typical, matter-of-fact speech. John always thought it strange how formal Sherlock and Mycroft are with their parents, but given his home life, he never actually asks about it.
A few moments later, I returned with a tray of tea and biscuits, along with four cups for each of us. I sat it down upon the table between the sofas quietly, listening in on the current conversation.
who shot the man I lo—
“He was going to kill Sherlock if I didn’t—”
Case #2 begins and things take an unexpected turn.
It was not overly complicated in comparison to other plans we had created in the past, but it was the most emotionally weighted of them all. These women we did not know well whatsoever were trusting Holmes’s judgement to get them to safety. This required planned lodgings for undetermined periods of time, as well as many train journeys. I processed his words before giving any form of response.
John thought.
I think back to all the times I wanted to do this. To the hallway after dinner at Angelo’s that first night. To when he clutched me by the shoulders and spun me in circles to try to get me to retrace steps I had photographed. To New Year’s Eve when he serenaded me with violin; avoiding the discussion he didn’t want to have. To Grimpen, when he was afraid and I wanted to assure him that I could be so much more than his only friend. To the roof, how I wanted to climb my way up and kiss him and tell him that he wasn’t alone. To when he came back and instead of kissing him, my fist met his lips. To quiet dance lessons in this very flat leading up to a wedding I felt inclined to follow through with. To every single moment since then.
“You know what we should do?” he asks timidly.
“Well,” I forced, “It is more than many can gather.” I wanted, more than anything in the world, to move to a separate topic entirely. I wished to escape back to the brook we occupied just half an hour ago, yet I knew it was impossible to avoid this forever.
John hums his approval while preparing a cup of tea for himself. The room maintains a sense of light while his father sleeps on the first floor. The three of them bask in it for a few fleeting moments.
“So do you,” he replies.
A hospital room at 3:17AM is certainly not somewhere anyone would enjoy being alone. There is no view outside the window and it’s tight and confined like a cell (not unlike the one I was in last week), but my stomach twists at this disgustingly
This time I know the overly romanticized phrasing is directed at me, so it’s much more acceptable.
I turn my head to the side, what’s he? “Tell me what?”
“Hey, look at me,” he coaxes gently. I stare at him for a moment when, “I want to ask you something, okay?”
Sherlock notices almost instantly and panics.
“Hi,” I manage to respond.
“You don’t have to treat me like a helpless animal, okay?!” I don’t even realise that I raised my voice at him.
“I thought it was my imagination.”
John and Sherlock sit in their same spots as always, still shaking off giggles, then proceed to take out their coursework from the weekend. Sherlock pulls out multiple additional sheets with various chemical algorithms that he did to pass time, much to Mr. Sawyer’s chagrin. Their teacher weaves his way through the desks, picking up the work until he reaches Sherlock’s desk.
John looks at me and I see (what must be a false) tenderness in his eyes for a split second before he stoically dips his head and says, “I’ll text you, okay? Call me if you need anything.”
“Rather impressive, I’d say,” John replies as a smile spreads across his face.
“You know you’re my best friend,” he states. It’s not a question. Of course I do, especially after what happened when he told me the first time.
“Did you sleep okay?”
He takes a deep breath, pushes his pillow up closer to his ear, and shuts his eyes. He thinks sleep is impossible, but exhaustion eventually overtakes him.
“I love you equally, my dear.”
He’s turned away from me, towards the window. I see his face lit by moonlight and reach out to shake his shoulder.
When I reach out to touch him, and my right hand wraps around his shoulder and my left clasps his arm, the foundations shift beneath me.
The two of us reached the inn’s dining room, greeted with tremendous smells of mince and shepherd’s pies, sausages, and roasted potatoes. The combination of scents reminded me of Mrs. Hudson’s meals in Baker Street and brought warmth to my chest.
On the way someone passes me, a bit too close. I only have a second to consider the bonfire incident this reminds me of before there’s chloroform in my face and I’m on the ground struggling to move.
“For the same reason anyone with the net worth you have gets away with anything. With enough money, you really can do whatever you'd like,” I explain because I must. Play the game.
Holmes had asked me not to document the following story in any fashion. I managed to keep that promise for 30 years. Now, in 1925, I write this solely for my records to be kept in the safety deposit box, not to be opened until at least 50 years after my death. I can only hope that one day, reading the truth of mine and Holmes’s life together may be viewed as the wonderful thing it is, rather than something “indecent.”
“Here is… good.”
————————————————
“D’you know what happened at the hospital that night?” I know she will understand, but the fact that “the hospital that night” could mean so many nights brings an ache to my gut.
for editing this chapter for me!! I love u
Culverton Smith gets up from his seat and makes his way closer to me. He takes a pair of latex gloves and begins to put them on. “Let’s be honest, you knew exactly what you were walking into the moment you corresponded with dear Faith. You fell right into my trap. Almost on
Sherlock exhaled a shaky breath and looked down again, “Why?”
Maybe she would have lived if I had been there.
“Are you okay?”
But what if it’s not?
Sherlock silently helps. He gets Mycroft to make sure someone buys the house quickly, to prevent me from stressing any further. He doesn’t tell me he did this, but I see a brief glimpse of a text from his elder brother saying “I’ll get it done,” before I look away from where Sherlock’s phone is on the table. The next day I get a call saying my realtor accepted an offer on the house. My shoulders feel light.
Showering not only provides somewhat of a blank slate for the day, but it equally provides time away from the high, feminine voice of Mary. She’s a nice girl, kind in her nature, and fun too. She takes John on adventures, motivates him, keeps him straight. But every time he thinks about her too much, he finds himself feeling sick to his stomach. Her voice, too close to a 13 year old boy he once knew. Her face, just a bit off. John shivers underneath the hot water.
“Before you begin with that, I should think the both of us need to get dressed,” Holmes mentioned. I nodded in agreement, quickly finished the remainder of my tea as he did the same, and then took my companion by the hand to our bedroom to dress for the day.
On the morning of my birthday, John is not on the left side of the bed where he belongs. I don’t make an effort to figure out where he might be at the moment, but perhaps he had to go in for an impromptu shift at the homeless shelter. It’s okay, we’re getting married soon. I don’t have to worry about him leaving to go somewhere temporarily. Plus, I can’t say I really expect him to do much for my birthday given our upcoming nuptials.
“John—”
John never has to tell him. Or even ask. Sherlock knows. Sometimes, Sherlock always knowing things irritates him, but right now, he’s grateful. He says mindless
“Indeed,” Holmes agreed. “Please, ladies, do sit down. Watson, is there any tea remaining from breakfast?”
John places his forehead against mine and smiles with his eyes shut. “I love you,” he says back.
he uses you as props.”
and lumbers out of the room in a slight zig zag.
I wait for him to keep going. I know these words aren’t for me specifically. I let him speak when he wishes to.
John feels another leap in his chest before, “I think I’m in love with you.” He feels it exit the safety of his thoughts like a punch.
We could plan a little party!
“There are times where the world we inhabit is too dull for our imagination to endure. I know that more than anyone,” he stated with a comforting glance. His words no longer felt clinical and unfeeling, but rather warm and charming.
“Perhaps the surface of their identities are not the same, but it is difficult to deny the similarity in personalities. And, I did not say you were Pepper.” This sentence drew a gasp partnered with a theatrical expression from the man beside me. I could not help but allow a laugh to escape my lips.
John starts to notice their classmates stare at Sherlock outside of the teacher’s gaze. He frowns and taps Sherlock on the shoulder, even though he’s unsure if his friend is aware of what’s happening.
Just before he starts kicking.
“Hello to you too, Mrs. H. What exactly do I need to
“Oh! You must be Dr. Watson, then! Tell me, is living with him as interesting as you make it seem?” she hopped between subject matter at a baffling pace.
“Hi,” I reply. “It’s been a bit, hasn’t it?” Molly already has her coffee, and as I wait in the queue to get my own, she stands beside me to talk.
Upon leaving his house, John was feeling exhausted. Like all the toxicity within its four walls sapped all possible energy he could have. But now, he's sitting next to the most brilliant person he knows, his best friend, listening to a new album that doesn't yet hold all of his emotions within its beats, and an intensity spreads through him that made the idea of sleep sound impossible right now.
Kissing Sherlock Holmes is an electric buzz that shoots through my body. It’s waking up after half a decade of being half asleep. It is nothing and everything at once, a singularity in my life the rest seems to revolve around. Kissing Sherlock is flames of passion and waves of relaxation in one fell swoop. Kissing him is everything I’ve ever needed.
On Tuesday morning, the copy of the Times from London—that I requested from Mycroft—arrived to our suite. It was the issue from this prior Sunday, and the front page was nothing short of jarring. When one is removed from London’s press for the better part of two months, all awareness disappears, and the viewing of the first newspaper after that hiatus is quite shocking. I had followed the trial solely through reports from Mycroft, who was concise in every sense of the word. But, newspapers profit from their ability to shock the public, and a scandal of this stature was cannon fodder.
Smith’s gloved hands feel cold and horrid against my nose and mouth. I can feel his hand smear my tear tracks across my face as he rips life away from me.
“It’s been a week,” I butt in. “Yet you clearly feel nothing.” He’s revolting.
My body feels heavy with the reminder.
“Mmmorning, fiance,” he says softly, running his hand along my ribs.
I broke it.
“I spent far too many days of my life pushing away from that, and I’d like to stop now. I’d like to spend what time I have left here, with you, seeing the world.”
“Yes, that sounds wonderful.”
The door to my hospital room bursts open at that moment and John Watson is holding a fire extinguisher and I wonder how I could have expected anything else. John pulls Smith off of me with undeniable force and pins him in a headlock. Lestrade is behind him.
“You’re allowed to shut out whoever you’d like,” I reply timidly.
We were now in a cottage in Englishcombe, near Bath, maintaining a comfortable anonymity within the countryside as we spent lazy days in one another’s company. The last few mornings began much like this one, with soft words and easy affection. On this particular day, I welcomed the quiet companionship more than ever. The uncertainty of the outside world haunted my unconscious thoughts and dreams, so my lover’s uncomplicated, non-judgemental air was precisely what I needed.
After a second, though, Sherlock let out a breath and leaned into it a bit. John took that as a sign of acceptance and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, to which the taller man responded by resting his head on John’s.
Holmes let out a sigh from deep within his chest and stared ahead, avoiding eye contact. “Our last journey to the Devonshire countryside was a rather high stakes one; life and death being placed in the balance. I thought that perhaps we could see more of the country’s beauty and appeal outside of our work this time around.”
His eyes meet mine and I swear he’s never looked older in his life. The wear and tear of his years weighs upon him more visibly than ever before.
The creek behind the Holmes residence is quite modest, really, but it is large enough for John to attempt to skip rocks and look extra impressive when he manages it. He jumps around, as Sherlock sits perched up on a boulder watching.
“That would be lovely, yes. Thank you Dr. Watson,” Miss Sampson replied timidly from her seat beside her partner.
John pushes the perilous hand away in a swift motion, staring at his lap.
John smiled and pulled Sherlock down to bring their lips together and suddenly nothing else in the world existed. John Hamish Watson was kissing William Sherlock Scott Holmes for the first time on Christmas Eve in their home together, and nothing else mattered.
be,” I spew the words his direction. Insult his art.
He looks into Sherlock’s eyes, “Have we finally stopped running away from each other?”
“Thank
I look up, and then he’s gone.
“He told her to get out.”
“You’ve decided not to tell John of this?”
“Was it because everyone in this house knows without even having to look at me? Because you lot always know everything about everyone all the time and you’re always aware of everyone’s business even if they don’t want you to be?”
————————————————
I hum approvingly in response, letting my eyes flicker shut in the comfort of his hold. “John?” I say after a while.
Sherlock tucks the paper into his jacket pocket and we both turn to Lestrade as he dries his eyes. He clears his throat to mask it.
And he does.
“Come on in.”
He grumbles with a playfulness that makes me smile wider. “Why can’t the rest of the world just go away for a few days?”
“I-I, erm,” he takes a deep breath. “I don’t know how else to help you.”
“Baby,” is all I say and all that’s needed before I head off into the February chill.
“I-it was Burdett again, Sherlock. I ran, and he chased me through endless hallways and I—”
John is a doctor, who has given hundreds, probably thousands of injections in his lifetime. Despite that, this is still unfamiliar to him in some ways. When I tell him that he has to put a needle in my bum cheek, he blushes for a second before we both start giggling. The second he actually preps the syringe and everything, though, he turns very professional until it’s over.
I then instantly realise why it is I told Molly Hooper this story. I wanted to go with him.
Sometimes I dream of him, though. Innocent things. Holding hands while we walk home from a case. Whispers in an alleyway on a stakeout. Laughing after the adrenaline pumps through us and I kiss him in the foyer. But it goes dark. I start seeing Mary laughing and ridding the world of him and my daughter all in one fell swoop and my room feels bitterly cold when I shudder awake.
————————————————
“Go with him,” she replies.
Before he can let his mind wander too far, John snaps himself back into it in a rather unfortunate manner, by slipping on one of the rocks he’s been standing on to throw his ammunition. He hits his head on a few smaller stones submerged in the water behind him, with a resounding
I realise Faith is still standing in front of me in this hallway. This same hallway where we—
me! I cannot imagine why you would grace Wembury of all places with that brain, I really can’t. Is it a truly fascinating case, is it?”
I crack open John’s bedroom door and it’s the first time in all our years together that I’ve seen him in a fit of a nightmare. Before, the only sense I allowed was my ears, but now my eyes have seen all the additional parts that my hearing missed. He’s kicked the blankets away from him and his breathing is laboured.
“John,” I speak softly. He doesn’t respond. “John, wake up,” I say in a fuller tone. It’s not working.
We wrote our own vows. I started trying to get them down less than a week after I said yes, and I found myself erasing bits and adding others still last night. How do I articulate exactly what he means to my life in words? I try, regardless. We step in front of the fireplace, Lestrade facing the remaining 7 guests sat in the chairs with his speech in front of him. Molly stands off to the side, holding a small bouquet of flowers. I take Sherlock’s hands in mine and stroke my thumb along his knuckles to relax him.
“What’s all this for?” I ask softly. Sherlock walks a bit closer to me and takes my hands in his. He can’t seem to look at me in the eye, but that’s all right.
But there Sherlock is, facing the windows that open up to the busy (and rainy) streets of London, playing his violin. I lean against the threshold of the kitchen leading into the sitting room and watch him. He must have heard me wander in, so he turns to me and smiles, continuing to play the chords. Music fills our home together as light rain falls outside.
I’m shocked back into the moment when I feel his hand on my back.
“This isn’t about some petty crime. This is quite possibly the worst villain I’ve encountered not so much in skill but in power. He is the most dangerous, the most
“Could you play for me?” I say, looking away and towards the violin case placed haphazardly on the desk. He says nothing and stands, making his way over to it. No sheet music, no nothing. He just looks back at me and plays from memory.
by Adele
John became a bit more daring and brought his hand to Sherlock’s face.
He shuts his eyes, resigned, and, “When we get inside.”
John’s bedroom door slams open with a
On the evening of the 26th of May, a knock came on our door. We were in Upper Killay, Wales, at a cozy inn in the southern part of the city. The bellboy handed me a letter, addressed to Holmes, sealed and sent from Mycroft. He wrote to us last when the second criminal trial began, which was a mere five days ago. I feared what was encased in this envelope I held, but thanked the bellboy, shutting the door in haste.
“Hello, James! Happy Christmas to you. I’m quite sorry to hear about your boy going missing, but I can’t say I’ve seen him today. The four of us will make sure to keep an eye out.”
Whilst lost in my own imagination, I suddenly found Holmes sat across from me in the dining car.
It’s warmth at first. Lips touching lips. Then it’s tea, toothpaste, and toast. But once the surface fades, it is John. It’s John so fully and completely and I’m certain there is not one sensation in my entire life quite like kissing John.
“Do you love me too?”
It’s the first time I’ve found myself missing a hospital room.
“Are you okay?” I ask through the darkness.
or something. You don’t want to deal with some depressed useless sidekick, I’m sure.”
While I didn’t have to get our rings sent back for fittings, I did send them back to get engraved. The other’s name carved into the inside of our respective steel bands; as if to brand our skin with a mark to make not only ourselves, but the world know who we belong to.
“I suppose if it soothes my Boswell’s nerves,” he replied with a brisk grin.
————————————————
I walk into our cleared out living room and see Sherlock, standing in his wedding suit, playing the song he wrote for me all those years ago on his violin.
reaches the window, and by almost… it hit the tree behind him. Deep breath, closes his eyes for a moment, picks the spot he’s going to aim, and finally he’s successful. The smallest of the pebbles hits the paned glass above the opening with a
enough to be his right hand. You’ve just got money. You can’t keep your mouth shut, clearly based off all that you told to John and I in the mortuary. Moriarty never works with sloppy people too close to the vest.
“His face when Lestrade arrested him,” he says in a high-pitched squeal. (A word that, although he isn’t fond of, is incredibly fitting.)
————————————————
And we lie in the silence of this bit of perfection for as long as we can manage.
to die?” He starts rolling up his shirt sleeves.
John looks at me and slowly shakes his head—
He inches closer to my bed and I try not to flinch, “I’d like to hear you say it.”
At this, our eyes met, instantaneously causing the both of us to smile warmly at one another.
“John, it’s all right, my love,” he comforted in a soft tone. “I am here.”
It comes as no surprise to me when John doesn’t talk to me at all for the next month. I try to go over physically but he’s either not there or won’t answer the door every time.
“Tomorrow, we’ll have to speak to Mycroft,” I say after a while.
he says, appearing next to me.
“Yeah… she seems quite friendly,” she adds in her shy manner.
Sherlock says nothing. The silence is deafening. I need to move.
“It’s perfect,” John can’t help but smile, even if his cheek aches from the bruise.
My hand is still just barely covering his as we look at each other for a long while. I could easily strengthen my hold and pull him in to kiss me, but I can’t make myself. Not yet. There’s too much here between us. There’s still Moriarty. Maybe he’s watching us right now.
“This time you talk to me about things, okay? You don’t have to hide anything from me anymore.”
I comply and flop over to see him holding a tray, with a cup of tea, a plate of toast with honey and some eggs. It’s a small meal (he knows I won’t eat much more than that), and upon seeing it I feel warmth spread around my body.
The sound of his hand meeting her cheek resonates across the kitchen, as if vibrating against every surface. John looks up to see the red mark across his sister’s face, and he feels that anger, no, the rage he has come to know well bubbling up in his chest. His sister shrinks, stopped in her spot as their father’s booming voice rattles through the foundation.
I am SO sorry for the long wait. At the start of October, I got a new job, and was just beginning rehearsals for a production I was part of, so my schedule until recently has been crazy. My theatre work is done for now, and work has steadied, so I'm able to carve out time for this fic. I know this chapter isn't long, which I am also apologetic for, but I hope you all enjoy it. This fic is a great comfort for me and I love writing it.
“If you swear to me that you will stop using the second this is over,” I say, letting my genuine concern bubble to the surface finally. Can’t let too much of it shine. Still angry.
“Look at the hem of it! That’s what I noticed. I’m... still catching up with my brain. It’s terribly fast. Those markings, do you see them? You only get marks like that by trapping the hem of your skirt in a car door but they’re on the left-hand side, so you weren’t driving; you were in the passenger seat.”
“Really? That’s bad luck, isn’t it? Goodnight. Go away. I need a cup of tea,” I turn to the kitchen. She walks away, I guess.
“Yeah, that’s what I just noticed. I wonder why?”
“Yeah?”
I didn’t plan for this to be a love letter of sorts, however it’s sort of turned out that way. I’ve gotten to a point, though, that I don’t have to hide this anymore.
Molly Hooper 11 July 19:43
“What happened.” It’s not a question, not really. I know.
“N-no, I don’t,” she admits.
Holmes’s nerves were clearly worsening the more she spoke—not to any fault of her’s—so I decided it was my time to take over and slowly move us out of the post office.
“I will have Mycroft forward all existing case requests from outside of London to this cottage. We can select a fitting one from there,” he stated blankly. It felt clinical and wrong. He wasn’t crawling for a case like he was known for in this moment. He was enjoying the calm and lack of any storm whatsoever. I could sense his serene mood and it warmed my heart. His fear was tearing that contentment from him.
Our kiss deepens as time goes on. My hand goes to his neck, his hand goes to my hip. We stumble into his room, and the morning turns into afternoon.
“I hope it goes well for the both of you.”
John’s kicks, and kicks, and kicks, until his legs seem to give way underneath him. Now,
This chapter gets pretty heavy, much heavier than the first. Tread lightly, but I hope you enjoy nonetheless.
He runs so fast that Mary’s attempts to catch up are near impossible. He runs, and runs, and runs, until his lungs burn and ache with a fire that he knows only too well. He runs until he does not run anymore. Until he collapses on the concrete pavement, in front of a building of some sort. Even as he falls, all John can see before him is not the street signs or his legs or people passing by. All he can see is a crying, curly haired boy, sitting on the floor as John’s father screams across the house. He cannot feel the burning in his lungs so much as he instead feels the blood streaming out of his nose and mouth from where his father’s fist met his skin. John cannot move, he just curls into himself on the ground, hyperventilating.
“I don’t want see you,” I deflect.
“I don’t have a coat,” she’s clearly annoyed with me. Reasonable. Try to push her away. Walk to the kitchen.
He wakes the next morning with an uncomfortable layer of sweat covering his back. Gritting his teeth, John forces himself to get up and change his shirt. On Sunday mornings, John’s mother makes him and his sister get dressed before coming down to breakfast (in church attire, of course), so he shimmies out of his loose boxers and vest, putting slacks and a light grey button-up on. Sid Vicious’ voice wriggles into his mind, repeating over and over the rebellion he so wishes to perform.
normal. It’s
“You…” he waits for a moment before he finishes the thought, “You want… this?” Oh, Sherlock.
“Yes, you can move back in, John.” Of course he knows. Why wouldn’t he?
Sherlock just stands there for a few seconds, clearly unwilling to admit defeat. Mary is invisible. “Fine.” So that’s that.
“Always. Since… always.”
“I’m so in love with you, Sherlock.” More than he could possibly know.
John,
“I love you, John.”
A few days later, a knock came upon our door from none other than Miss Bennett and Pepper.
“I wanted to hear your confession; needed to know I was right,” I say softly, full of fear. “The mortuary; your ‘favourite room.’ You talk to the dead. You make your confession to them. Why do you do it?”
“I shouldn’t have said anything,” he apologises.
“Y-you want me to…” Finishing the sentence seems truly impossible.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You don’t have to walk on eggshells around me, Sherlock,” I say gently. I let this bout of bravery overcome me and I reach out to touch his hand across the table. Just slightly. Not enough to suggest too much. His body stills, and he looks down.
I sigh and leave my hand where it is. We sit in a dense, foggy silence.
The guests should be arriving in two hours, and Mrs. H is setting up the decorations in the foyer with Molly as we speak.
Thank you so much to my boyfriend Finnen for editing this chapter for me. I love you!
“I said it’s nothing, just. Needed to get away from the house.”
Upon entering through the back door of the house, Sherlock flicks the light on to see his mother in her dressing gown, looking at the two boys. John, soaking wet and holding the back of his head, and Sherlock, covered in mud.
“Can you promise me something? Please?”
The Final Problem Pt. 1 - John
Something overtakes John. The buildup, the events of the night, the pressure of fingers pressing into his skin, all of it. He is consumed by it, this dark, thick, fiery
John rips the letter in pieces, the envelope too, and chugs yet another beer, throwing it violently in the garbage can. He stomps his way to the kitchen, no, the liquor cabinet, grabs the first spirits he can manage to find, and drinks it until the burn is too much for him to handle. Reluctant to stop, John closes the lid again and manages to put it on the counter. Now fully beyond gone, he stumbles up to his room, half-crawling up the stairs. John lands in his bed with a
“How far along is she?” Of course he knows. Why wouldn’t he know.
“The further Watson and I travel from London, the more reason the city’s populace will suspect our dual nature. Hundreds of Uranian men are packing their bags, taking the next boat train available to France to avoid the horrifying dangers of the Metropolitan Police. By following the rest of our society, we instantly give yet another hint to those outside of it. As a public figure, I simply could not risk that,” Holmes asserted. The more I contemplated it, the more his reasoning made sense. In planning this London escape, our lodgings have never breached the confines of the nation, so as to make certain that we were not avoiding the most powerful forces within it.
“More than a bit, I’d say,” I reply, trying to push it off. We both try to laugh and it falls away after a moment.
Sherlock shuts his eyes again to process and opens them again a minute later. He almost looks relieved that I’m still there. He brings his forehead back to mine.
I pay for and get my coffee, and we sit at a small table in the cafe. Time to get down to business, then.
“Thank you,” he mumbles while placing his bowl in the sink. He turns away as the words spill out of his mouth and escapes to his room before I can express my gratitude back.
“I will have to wire Miss Bennett the code word,” Holmes announced in the early afternoon. “Do you wish to accompany downstairs to send it?”
“It’s too heavy. You said I was your last hope and now you’re going out into the night with no plan on how you’re getting home... and a gun.” I see her cane.
I look at him for a long moment, then clear my throat to speak. “Why are you letting me be cruel to you?”
But no, John slept through the night. Sherlock decides not to mention it this time, but there’s weight in his chest that feels hopeful and melancholy.
“Oh,” I said, reflexively. “How long have you been sitting there?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes with a playful grin, “They’re from Manchester, and I got a couple of their albums on vinyl and on tape. You have your Walkman, yeah?”
“How far along is she?”
He shifts up a bit to look at me, “It was quite real,” he swears in a mock serious tone. I stare at him for second before we both go into a fit of laughter over how ridiculous this discussion is.
Technically one of his faceless servants did, but yes. Glad to finally be out of that miniscule hospital room.
“Maybe you’re not a poof after all. You got me pretty good, eh?”
“If you’d like to, yeah.” Sherlock’s hand is resting on my stomach and I mindlessly run my fingers along the back of it.
He doesn’t object.
Marriage was not part of my “plan.” Granted, my plan often didn’t extend past the next morning most days until I met John. Now, however, it seems as if doing absolutely anything but living the rest of my life by his side would genuinely kill me.
“My dear brother,” Holmes read aloud. “The first criminal trial upon Mr. Wilde has commenced as of the twenty-sixth of April. Wilde has the same counsel as he did for the previous case, Sir Edward Clarke, and has pleaded ‘not guilty’ to the charge of gross indecency. As I write this, you are currently involved in a case at Oxford, however I have addressed it to where I know you shall be staying in Englishcombe in good confidence of what the results of said university trouble shall be.” At this sentence, my companion shared a swift, irritated glance with me. Of course Mycroft would know the solution to our case before even Holmes did. “Given my assistance to arranging all of your and Dr. Watson’s temporary lodgings as of late, I am confident my address is correct. There shall be another update in the following week.”
Before I could react or tend to Holmes’s state, my companion was walking speedily in the direction of our cottage without thought to any of his surroundings. I followed in kind, knowing we could face the issue in our own privacy.
“C’mere,” I say softly. I pull him into a hug and we stand there wrapped around one another for a long while. Sherlock retreats only slightly to check with my face to be sure of
I shut my eyes for a moment and turn to him, but I can’t look at him for longer than a few milliseconds. I’m looking down when he grabs my hand again. He’s still warm like the night before. My heart may burst out of my chest.
“Tomorrow, I’ll let it resume rotating for a bit. After that, I refuse to leave this bed. For at least two days,” he declares with a sense of finality.
TW's: suicide ideation + mention, alcoholism, drug use
“N-no, I do. I shouldn’t have shut you out. You didn’t… you didn’t do anything wrong.”
Right as I’m about to pass out, I hear, “I’m sorry, too.” I wonder if it’s a dream.
“I-I’m sorry, I didn’t mean—” I try to explain.
“Then why did you save her?” he demands.
“You do the same thing with the drugs,” I retort. This makes him appear before me like a ghost. He sits on the chair across the way and looks at me.
And then John Hamish Watson kisses me for the first time, and it is entirely impossible for me to have ever predicted just what this feels like.
The third time it happens, John wakes up from the sofa with a sore back. His bed is still upstairs after all this time (”Not like i’m gonna rent it out to anyone else, really,” Mrs. Hudson had said), so he slugs up the stairwell and falls asleep there. Sherlock feels a spark of familiarity in it, yet wishes more than ever that their bedrooms could be on the same floor. John continues to sleep there most of the time, and says nothing of it. Rosie has a crib in Mrs. H’s flat. She’s safe.
“What if he doesn’t want me to?” I ask what I’m most afraid of.
If the only lightsource they have wasn’t a flashlight in a cup, John might be more certain that he catches Sherlock smiling at him whenever he cheers with success. It's different, seeing Sherlock smile at night, in dim lighting and no one but John around. Sure, he smiles at school sometimes. A little grin in the corner of his mouth, a tiny symbol that he’s managed to make John smile or laugh in the halls. But out here, in the dark, alone, Sherlock’s smile takes on a separate form. It spreads across his face, it crinkles the sides of the eyes, it raises his cheeks, it takes over the often detached, contained expression and becomes something of a different nature. The softness of his face takes centre stage, and shows a side of him that few people believe to even exist. John’s only seen it when they’re alone.
“I thought this,” I rattle the tumbler in my hand, “was supposed to make me
But now John and I are boyfriends, partners, whatever you want to call it. He sees me at my most vulnerable, and never once shies away from it. So, when I need to get my weekly dosage, he’s the first to broach the subject.
but I feel the world crashing down before me as each minute ticks by on the clock. I have to get out of here, now.
has to be the one, albeit indirectly, to return me to my flat. It could’ve been John, but no.
Sherlock Holmes 11 July 19:05
The music leads me to our bedroom. Through the kitchen lined with take-away menus and an empty bottle of scotch from the stag night (I didn’t realise he’d kept that). The door is slightly cracked when I reach it, and I push it open to see him. He’s standing in the middle of the floor with one of his best suits, and he just looks at me. He pauses the music on his little stereo. Tears flitter around my eyelids but I’m demanding they stay there until Sherlock speaks.
“The two of you are not dissimilar to us, Miss Bennett. Holmes and myself when we first met were much like you and Miss—” I trailed, desperately attempting to recall if I had ever learned of Pepper’s surname.
He takes a deep breath and looks at me, eyes bloodshot and raw, cheeks flushed and soft. I could swear I’ve never seen him so beautiful.
“S-sorry, yeah.” He lets his hand fall and my body stills.
We removed one another’s clothing, before washing our faces and clambering into bed. In the murk of the room, my husband’s eyes met mine, unblinking. His hand clutched my cheek, thumb running back and forth along it.
I find what is essentially a trail of our memories scattering the flat. I see the smiley face, still left painted on the wallpaper. I see my old cane from all those years ago. I see the (slightly less messy) stacks of papers and books on our desk. And it’s right at this moment that I truly see our entire home. Our entire journey.
“John!” Mary shouts, (or maybe she whispers) cutting through the music. He removes one ear of his headphones, still not looking at her.
John’s about to doze off on his chair again before Sherlock finally says, “You’ve been sleeping here more than you have been at your own flat, John.” His sleepy eyelids look up as his brow slowly furrows in confusion.
After a few moments of silently lying there, about to doze back off again in the comfort of this situation, John feels Sherlock shift above him and his breaths become faster and shallower. He’s waking up.
“John, this is your last birthday before adulthood, you can’t let a little headache keep us from having fun,” she says, attempting to sway him further. “C’mon, you can take some paracetamol and wear sunglasses, we can’t miss out on the good weather!”
“You were
“He—Sherlock—brought me a fresh cup of water on the hour, every hour, the entire bloody night,” I say. “I tried to go into the room she was in probably 20 times and each time I ran back and there he was, with a cup of bloody water.” I can’t quite say why I’m telling her this. Thankfully, she seems to know, and she reaches for my hand in the caring way she always manages to do things.
“I started getting nightmares about 6 months ago. Sometimes I’m a child, other times I’m 18, other times I’m my age now. I don’t know if that means anything, Mr. Holmes.”
“Hello, fiance,” he says softly.
Five minutes later, we had to lift our heads off the other’s shoulders and bring our arms back to our sides. We approached the inn, checked into the room, and made our way up to the first floor. After dropping our bags off, we headed back down to the inn’s dining room to have a comforting, warm dinner. Holmes opted to eat very little, as was custom for the night before a case. Instead, he enjoyed a cup of coffee. There were little words exchanged between us, we merely existed in one another’s companionable quiet. At one point, though, Holmes went to speak to the innkeeper briefly. He was an older gentleman, with graying brown hair and a gentle smile. I could not overhear any of their discussion, but it was such a quick conversation, Holmes had already returned to our table by the time I had fully formulated my thought.
“You’re suicidal. You’re allowed chips, trust me. It’s about the only perk.” I wish it was a joke.
Wasn’t it always directed at you?
“It really could work, then,” I confirmed.
I look down at the floor so she can’t see what I’m thinking.
Instead of Sherlock’s reply that he expects, Violet’s voice echoes up the staircase, a protective barrier covering the flightless bird above. He spots the heel of Sherlock’s foot, backing away from the door.
He sighs, and tired eyes meet mine. “At least everything is finally over, and we can start this,” he replies, reaching out to touch my arm.
“I love you, Sherlock.”
“How long did you expect it to take me? The slow little brother?” Sherlock is trying to sound angry, but a sadness covers his features.
The letter sits on the coffee table in front of John now, and on occasion, when he reaches to sip another beer, it catches the corner of his eye. The envelope is ivory, the return address is in Surrey, and the penmanship is neat and confined. It mocks him.
“I didn’t think I wanted to be a father, y’know,” he says with a soft vulnerability that is so easily broken. “I’m used to taking care of people, but having to do it 24/7 wasn’t my idea of how I was going to spend the next 18 years.”
“Watson,” was all he said. A statement as some kind of reminder that I was still beside him.
“Ssh, my dear,” he whispered as he ran his palm down my side, “There are no ghosts here.”
I turn my head to face him and pull him towards me to leave a kiss on his forehead, “Thank you.”
He tells me he likes how dead people are like things. He likes turning them into
because this chance won’t last forever, Sherlock, it’s gone before you know it,” his body stiffens and his voice is a whisper. “Before you know it.”
“After Magnussen died, you were his next choice for a well-off crooked media presence that could ruin the lives of anyone they needed to. I would say it’s brilliant, but it’s really quite simple.” He sits himself down in a chair a good
All I could manage was a silent acknowledgement, shutting my eyes with emotional torment. I launched myself into his arms—a horizontal equivalent to my actions of the night before—as I regained my breath. Soothing affirmations lingered from Holmes’s lips and the world returned to sanity. After many moments of stillness, he spoke.
It almost feels like something. I shake the idea out of my mind as best as I can, trying to fall asleep in my upstairs bedroom. But, the muscle memory of his hand on my upper back and his comforting way of speaking my name resonate through me.
“I’m so in love with you, John,” he speaks in a whisper. My body is light.
He tries to smile but can’t seem to manage. We don’t want to talk about Moriarty. Not now. I know I need to get another question out of my system. I need to know that he’s okay. I need to be sure.
“Wonderful to see you, Miss Bennett,” I replied with a smile. Pepper followed wordlessly behind her friend, and the moment she caught sight of Holmes further within the parlour, she bounded towards him to pull him into a tight embrace. I could see the taken aback expression upon his face for a brief second before returning the gesture to the young girl.
“Secret door,” I say, understanding his methods now.
“I thought you’d never ask,” he says plainly. There is a weight to the statement. It fills the room.
So, yeah, me and Sherlock. Sherlock and I. Just the two of us, against the rest of the world, right?
thinking about you.”
but he doesn’t
(See the end of the chapter for
“Are you okay?” is all I can think to ask.
John manages to get up enough to a kneel before another punch hits his knee, knocking him down. James braces himself on the bed to get himself up, and upon standing up, he grabs John. A left hook sends John cascading to the floor again, only for his father to pull him back again.
The first case begins! This chapter is rather long and case heavy, but I hope you enjoy it still despite the lack of fluff
By the time Holmes and myself returned to the main road of Hatherleigh, it is well into the afternoon. We made our way to the inn to have afternoon tea, and Holmes’s adrenaline off a newly solved case was clear by how quickly he walked towards our lodgings. As usual, I managed to keep up with only a stride separating us. He turned to me for a moment, walking backwards rather impressively.
“I saved for it, it was no problem,” John says, a smile finding its way on his lips as he sees his best friend beam in front of him. Sherlock pauses a moment, staring at the gift in his hands. After a contemplative breath, he looks up at John.
“Good mornin’, love,” his mother’s flowery voice greets over the cooking noises. “Sleep well?” Her name is Catherine; born in Liverpool but moved to London when she met her husband. She is a beautiful woman, as well as the perfect traditional British housewife in many ways. John hates knowing that her smile has become compromised by the horror of this house.
I could only hope.
human being that I have
Mrs. Hudson 11 July 18:32
“Oh, yeah, sorry about that,
Apparently this guy was trying to find the Black Pearl of the Borgias inside one of the six busts. Mycroft and Lestrade have been bugging me incessantly for weeks to find the stupid pearl, so I assume they’re happy. Lestrade arrests him. I pretend it was interesting. Took us a couple days.
“Get off me, dad,” John says with less harshness than he intends. It comes off as a request, a whisper, a weakness.
He sorts things out with Lestrade and says we should be heading home.
“Purely for his own safety.” He’s
“Nothing at all, love. I will see you later for tea.”
“Hi,” John sends back, more formal than he intends to sound.
something.
Thirty years have passed since the Wilde verdict, and my feelings on the matter are rather the same as then. Of course I disagree with the decision on a political level, as any sensible individual of my disposition would. But, as a man with a public image, and as someone who loved a man equally as Bohemian as Wilde, it hurt me more than most. To witness the man have such success a mere six months prior, and then suddenly lose his livelihood was nothing short of terrifying. I am fortunate given Holmes and my ability to avoid a similar fate, but it was narrowly done. In our retirement over the last twenty or so years, I have seen various redirected messages originally sent to Baker Street by suspicious, prying folk. Individuals who believe it to be their business what habits Holmes and myself practice in our own home, despite neither of us ever hearing their names before.
“The few of us here today know—probably better than anyone—just how long and how much it took for these two to get here,” Lestrade narrates. “Hell, I’m sure a few of us even took bets to see when it would happen.” They all laugh a bit, Sherlock and I smile at each other and he squeezes my hand. “Despite taking a bit of extra time to get to this point, I think we can all agree it was bound to happen from that first time we saw them together.” A collective nod. “So, I was asked to officiate this little ceremony to bring Sherlock and John together completely,” he continues. “And that’s all I’ve left. They decided to write their own vows, so, John, if you want to go first.”
Hiding the backpack behind him as much as he can, “Er, nowhere, I was just…”
at me. “You think anyone believes that?”
“What? Why?”
“Can’t call me that much longer,” I murmur, a smile stretching across my lips.
in a somewhat Ziggy Stardust-esque font. The background is a bright yellow, and a black triangle frames four shadowy male figures, contrasted by the bright oranges, yellows, and purples that surround them. Along the bottom of the triangle are the words
Mary will call. John will not answer. She will worry. He will dream of him before he ever dreams of her.
I hear him approach the front door downstairs and rush to perfect a few details before bolting to the bedroom.
And I breathe. It’s a relaxing breath that, when I exhale, releases 5 years of waiting. 5 years of anticipation. 5 years of Not-Having-John's-Lips-On-Mine time that I cannot get back.
“You don’t need to apologise, John,” I look down at my hands.
TWs: alcoholism, physical abuse, PTSD flashbacks, and internalized homophobia
An epilogue, of sorts
I manage to force my body to go to work and occasionally get the shopping (often consisting of alcohol and bread, but it’s something), and little else.
“What?” Sherlock asks. John pulls his focus to the still-wrapped parcel in Sherlock’s hands.
This project is fully and completely done now, which is incredible to me. I could've have done it without the endless support from Finnen and River throughout the process, assuring me that the work I was doing shouldn't just be deleted all in one go.
“H. H. Holmes,” I recall from our earlier exchange.
Jesus.
This chapter is rather heavy, and the next won't be any different. It's always darkest before the dawn, right?
We try to go back to normal for the next week. Normal all except for the fact that John sleeps in my bed for three days and I kip on the sofa. The illusion of routine is shattered when I hear John screaming and panting on his first night back in his upstairs room.
“Hello, gentlemen,” she started. “What services will you be requiring this morning?”
Sometimes I dream of her being taken from me in the night and I keep trying over and over to get her back but the faceless figure in the dark keeps running faster and
————————————————
“I don’t want to die I—” he somehow manages to get even closer. A tear begins to fall down my cheek. “don’t want to die.”
The walls of 221B are covered in photographs and newspaper articles from 2011-2015. Strings tie cases that were obscure and detached together like some horrendous path down into the depths of criminal deception. I feel sick realising the minute details I’ve missed; that I’ve somehow been allowed to miss.
The Six Thatchers pt. 2 - Sherlock
“So, I must have them escape to a temporary holding village of some kind, much like where we are currently residing, before they can reach London,” Holmes explained. “Then, I need to decide on a means to inform them of when and where we shall meet once the four of us can safely reach the city. Some quick signal that will be established beforehand to make certain we all meet when we need to. We are their protection, but they are ours equally. Whilst they are two decades our junior, they are still women easily used to distract the public from our inclinations temporarily. If we arrive in London with two attractive women by our side, there will be no questions as to our absence from the city. Therefore, we must arrive at the same date in the same place.”
“I’m sorry,” falls out of my exhausted mouth. I’m not quite sure what I’m apologising for but it feels necessary. What am I
“We can only hope that day never comes.”
“Why did your mum just lie for me?”
Sherlock Holmes 11 July 19:10
“No, I’m not gonna force you to go up there and possibly make the wound worse,” I object.
Herein lies what truly transpired during the months of April and May in the year of 1895. If my post-humous requests have been maintained, no one other than Sherlock Holmes and myself should be reading these documents until, at least, 1975. These accounts will depict a different side of both myself and my lifelong companion, colleague, and friend, one that I cannot currently share with the living public.
The telegram to Miss Bennett read:
“Why didn’t I know? Why didn’t I. See?” Anger now. Pure red hot rage. I feel fire behind my eyes.
“Where the… f-fuck do you think you’re going, huh?” James Watson taunts his only son, pissed beyond hope of sobering.
Molly Hooper 11 July 20:13
“I just assumed—”
“Yes,” I reply with a hushed enthusiasm. “God, Sherlock, yes.” I lean forward again to cup his face in my hands. How could he have managed to see every detail of who I am except for the most important one? “I have for so long.”
To my surprise, he speaks first. The adrenaline has faded a bit, and he frowns.
Two hours later, I come into the hospital room to try again and the room is too quiet. Mary is crying.
I take his face in my palm, “I will always want you, love.”
“Sherlock,” John returns, placing a hand, playful, in his hair.
I decide to take a part-time job working as a medical consultant for a homeless shelter. It doesn’t pay wonderfully, but it’s interesting and important work, so I do what I can. It’s also taking us a bit to get back to taking cases regularly. Sherlock promises me we’ll only take milder ones for a while (maybe forever), and I believe him. He doesn’t get those fits of boredom he used to.
are obsessed with Bond films, John Watson.”
“Hmm?” I responded in a hum.
“Hiya, Sherlock,” James Watson’s voice booms. “Johnny decided to run off during Christmas, and I can’t seem to find out where he went. I figured here was the best place to look.” Even if the common witness would not be able to place it, John senses the drink beneath his father’s words. The venom. The rage.
“You know what?” He says suddenly, shredding me away from my own thoughts. “I’m getting a little impatient.” He lowers my bed so I’m lying horizontally and looms above me. “Take a big breath, if you want.” And he begins to smother me.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hi.”
“Thank you.”
“Oh.”
“A microscope? John, this one must be at least—”
“We should drive out to the beach,” leaning into the touch.
“It is, by far, the least I could do.” Pepper took a step back, dropping her arms to her sides with a bow of her head, before looking over to Miss Bennett to finish their collective thought.
“No one’s ever made me breakfast in bed before,” I mumble. John gives me a look (not quite pity… love? Is that what that looks like?), before setting the tray delicately on the floor. He leans over, takes my face in his hands, and leaves two gentle kisses on my cheeks. He leaves a warmth behind there, my face heating under his lips.
I need to know what to do about John.
John Watson 11 Juny 20:15
“I believe we will have to spend the remainder of the month away from Baker Street, at the least,” said Holmes with a frown. I could see plainly how he missed the comfort of our home together, and how he occasionally found himself dreading these temporary living facilities.
“Am I truly as intriguing to you as a crime scene is to myself?”
The process of moving John back in goes fairly smoothly, and they avoid the question of where John and Rosie will sleep for as long as possible. So much so that they are bringing some of John’s extra things into Sherlock’s room (more space) and John lies down for a moment after a long day of hauling things into 221B, only to accidentally fall asleep. On Sherlock’s bed.
“What?” I let slip out.
at you. You didn’t even bring a coat, in this rain? Now, well, that might mean nothing, except for the angle of the scars on your left forearm; you know, under that sleeve that you keep pulling down.” Ooohhhhh.
knows that.
“Less than two minutes, my dear Watson. Do not fret,” he replied. “I simply did not wish to disturb your thoughts.”
