Without any distraction and alone with his thoughts, Dean can’t ignore the anxiety in his bones anymore. The last few days he had very successfully pushed down the details of what had happened between him and Cas before he left. Now, everything crashes down on him in full force again.
“You know, I never realized how much you like to be touched until…” Cas hesitates and Dean swallows hard. Immediately the tension returns to his shoulders.
Cas sits at the desk at the window, his head in his hands. His dress shirt is still splattered with blood drops and Dean’s stomach clenches at this sight. Quickly he turns towards the bed and starts to shuffle through his duffle bag to get a clean shirt.
“I know, buddy.” With a sigh Dean empties his coffee and heaves himself up. It was probably too late by now, but he decides to give at least one or two hours of sleep another shot, “I’m going back to bed. You’re gonna be alright?”
The file is not that big. Besides pictures of the empty graves it contains a witness report from the graveyard keeper, a list of the evidence and the autopsy report of the missing corpses. This last one is where Dean hesitates. So far three bodies were dug out and missing, all of them deceased not more than two months ago. Relatively fresh flesh. They’re definitely dealing with a ghoul.
On the first day, Dean doesn’t leave the library once, except for bathroom breaks and an occasional beer run to the fridge. He positions his chair so that he can clearly see the entrance and the staircase and he doesn’t even pretend to read the book in front of him. His eyes wander from the door to his phone and back while he ignores Sam’s questioning eyes on him.
He certainly has no control over his whole body, when he leans down and buries his face in the soft dark hair.
able to function without my coat.”, Cas snarls and turns his back towards Dean again, “Are you coming or not?”
Cas’ arms come around his chest and pull him back. Dean goes willingly. He exhales a shaking breath and Cas tightens his hug even more, pressing his mouth against Dean’s shoulder and it doesn’t matter that they’re both naked. There is no intention to go somewhere with that, no heat, not even when Dean feels Cas’s cock pressing against his ass.
Strong, long fingers have closed around the outline of his dick through his jeans and for a moment Dean is sure he would come right there in his pants. His fingers clamp down around Cas’s biceps, digging hard into the muscles there.
Dean glances towards them over the table, both sitting on the other side, equally absorbed into the books in front of them. Both have the same frown between the brows and Dean has to fight a grin. It’s almost adorable, how much they look alike.
“Gonna be honest with you, agent, we don’t have much.”, he says and rubs over his sweaty forehead, “The graves that were robbed are just...y’know, there’s nothing in there that’s worth stealing.”
“‘course not, Cas.” Dean blinks his eyes open and tries to ignore how blurry his sight is, “But it was me who insisted it was a ghoul. I was so sure that I didn’t even considered that it could be something else and that's just dumb. It’s a rookie mistake.”
“I don’t”, he says quietly, “There are no chapters in any of these books that can tell you how to deal with one of the most powerful cosmic beings that ever walked the earth. I will never be able to give Jack a normal childhood, even if this is what he deserves. He will always be on the radar of something, if it’s angels or demons or something entirely different.”
He doesn’t even make it a conscious decision. Before he knows it, he’s on his butt and looks up at Cas with wide eyes. Cas’s glare turns softer immediately. Slowly, like he doesn’t want to scare Dean off, he reaches out for him again.
“If I ask you to bring me some kale, will you actually do that?” Sam pauses hacking his fingers on the keyboard of his laptop and looks up.
Dean is sure that he’s about to burst into flames. Just like that. He would be gone in a poof and leave a trail of ashes behind. Then Sam can talk to his urn or something and ask it nosy questions.
He can. The sheriff is more than glad to leave this in Dean’s responsibility. He also shows Dean an empty office where he can look through the paper works and leaves him alone.
“Yes yes yes, holy shit, more than alright, just...please, Cas, just…” His words catch in his throat and his grip around Cas’s arm tightens, “God, Cas, please
A knock on the door makes him flinch and the soap slips out of his hand. Dean freezes, the cold water running down his wrists and dripping on his jeans. For a few seconds it’s quiet behind the door, then he hears Cas sigh.
There is a part of Dean that always hates the lies. The part where he has to tell a victim or an officer or a witness that yes, of course it’s a satanic cult, that’s what they’re investigating. The part that says
Cas came back. He promised he would and he did. He always does and by now, Dean should have a little faith in that, but he’s still scared shitless everytime Cas leaves. Because that time, that time it could be the one time where Cas wouldn’t come home. Something could happen to him, he’s not that invincible creature Dean met years ago anymore, or he could just
if they would be in a different situation, Dean maybe wouldn’t mind getting his hands on him. But this is Cas and Cas is better than that. Cas is kind and loyal and
Slowly Cas drags his hands down to Dean’s cheeks again. His thumb caresses over his bottom lip and Dean’s breath catches in his lungs. That draws Cas’s attention back from his lips to his eyes and Dean sees the bop of his throat, when Cas swallows heavily. The grip around his face tightens.
Dean’s head drops forward against Cas’s shoulder with a desperate moan. He has to, or otherwise his legs would just give up and he would drop right to his knees.
) can swallow his tongue and nods towards Cas. Cas nods back and then follows the officer behind the desk towards a hallway, while Dean turns left and steps down the other way.
“Oh God, please don’t…” His voice is nothing more than a desperate whimper, but Cas doesn’t even slow down.
Dean inhales a few deep breaths, the damp air filling his lungs not quite enough. With a sigh he rolls his head back, until it rests on Cas’s shoulder.
Jack practically jumps up the stairs, as soon as he lets Cas go, and Cas turns to Dean with a raised eyebrow.
“You are not an idiot.”, he says quietly, “I am the one who should apologize. I hope you don’t have the impression that what we did in the library was all I tried to achieve.”
about the way the coffins were ripped open?”, he asks instead, leaning against the table and stares down at the evidence bag. He can still feel Cas’s eyes on him.
But Cas reacts to that little moan with a groan of himself and his body presses Dean harder against the shelf behind him. The hand that isn’t holding him in place by his hair is pulling impatiently at his henley as if it personally offended Cas and deserves to be ripped apart for that.
” There is a desperation, a need in his voice that Dean never heard before. It makes his chest tight and his fingers, currently clamped into the collar of the trenchcoat (
Cas relaxes in Dean’s touch and leans back further. His hand moves upwards to close around Dean’s wrist and strokes over the skin with his thumb. Dean has to close his eyes. A simple gesture shouldn’t overwhelm him so much, but the feeling of Cas leaning against him, caressing his hand while Dean does nothing else than just breathe into his hair...it’s close to too much. He has to let go or he would do something stupid.
“Thank you.”, Cas whispers against his shoulder and Dean doesn’t even have time to blush, before Cas gently places his hand around his chin and tips his head back. Dean closes his eyes, balls his hands into tight fists and waits.
“Awesome!” Jack practically bounces from his seat, “I’m gonna go get my jacket.” He rushes away so fast he nearly trips over his own feet and Dean can’t help but smile. Especially when he catches a glimpse of the soft look on Cas’s face. Quickly he turns away and rubs his neck.
For a second Dean is sure he just got electrocuted. His brain makes a fizzling sound like an old TV screen, before it shuts down and leaves him alone with a half open mouth and a way too fast pulse. The spot on his cheek, where Cas has kissed him, is burning. He is about 95% sure that it is about to melt from his face.
They drive back to the bunker the next morning, all of them tired and quiet, only stopping for gas and bathroom breaks. Just a few words were passed to each other during the drive. Dean keeps the music low, eyes glued on the street and a dull headache pounding in his temples. He hasn’t really slept last night. Everytime he tossed around on the couch and pried his eyes open to glance at the alarm clock beside Jack’s bed, he also saw the silhouette of Cas sitting at the window, unmoving like a statue, the light of the street outside reflecting in his eyes. Like that, in the dark, illuminated by spots of light, it is easier to remember that Cas is not human.
“Jack, it’s time to go to bed.”, Cas says without looking up from his book, “We will continue the research tomorrow, when all of you are rested.” He shoots a quick glance at Dean with a slightly crooked eyebrow, that says
The spark of hope in his chest flames up again and this time Dean dares to reach out for it. He holds onto it like he holds on Cas until the moment their lips part from each other. Not wanting to lose the contact already, Dean leans his forehead against Cas’s and smiles, when Cas hums approvingly. The hand in his hair starts stroking again.
Dean jumps out of his chair, abandoning his phone on the table. He only manages to make two steps towards the war room, when Cas arrives at the end of the stairs with a grim face and heavy steps. The first thing Dean sees are the bloodstains on the white dress shirt and his eyes get wide.
Dean licks his lips and for a second he basks in the feeling of Cas’s eyes immediately dropping down to his mouth again.
Dean Winchester doesn’t turn into mushy goo just because an angel of the Lord drags his lips and teeth along his jawline, down to his pulse point and gently bites down where his neck meets his shoulder. They’re just making out, that’s not even sex, there is no point in being…
Cas and Jack are busy with a card game Dean showed them a while ago. While he’s pretty sure that Jack doesn’t understand all the rules by now, he surprisingly wins a lot of times and Dean is mostly convinced that Cas just lets him win. Of course Cas denies it, but Dean is sure that he saw him losing a card under the table more than once by now.
“Of course.” Cas smiles up at him with that stupid soft look in his eyes and Dean stops in his tracks. Freezes on the spot right behind Cas and stares down at him. Even after Cas turned his back to him again, clearly expecting him to leave.
The third day Jack starts to walk on eggshells around him again and shoots worried glances everytime Dean enters the same room. He can’t blame the kid, after Jack had witnessed how Dean snapped at Sam the same morning just because he’d dared to ask if Dean had heard anything from Cas. It still hurts to see how Jack avoids eye contact with him and so he takes him out for a drive. Jack’s eyes light up immediately, which draws the first smile in days out of Dean. He tries to ignore the pinch in his stomach, when they come back and Sam is still the only one waiting for him.
The calm from just a few minutes ago is completely gone and Dean presses his forehead harder against the tiles. This won’t work out. It can’t, it would be too good to be true and even if Cas seemed to think otherwise when they first met, good things just don’t happen to Dean.
The pink on the ears of the poor guy turns scarlet and he quickly lowers his eyes on his shoes. He mumbles an excuse and hurries out of the room. Dean waits until the door closes to let out a breath and turns around, just to see that Cas is already staring at him.
The other three inhabitants of the bunker seem to know that Dean wants his space right now, because no one bothers him until he pats down into the kitchen, dressed in plaid pyjama pants and an old shirt with a hole in the collar.
His silent pleading is granted when Cas makes quick progress with his belt and zipper. He doesn’t waste time to get Dean out of his jeans and boxers. Without any further ceremony he just shoves his hand down into his pants and closes his fingers around Dean’s achingly hard cock.
The alarm clock on his bedside table says 04:20 when he crawls out of bed after another failed attempt to get some closed eyes. The floor is cold under his bare feet when he pats down the hallway towards the kitchen. It’s no surprise when he finds it already illuminated and occupied.
Dean shuts the file and takes it with him, when he leaves the room. He stops at Lydeckers door, thanks him for his cooperation and that he would return the file as soon as possible. The sheriff just nods with a very tired face and waves without looking up from his work.
“I’m gonna see if Jack is crossing his reading time. Sleep well, Dean.” With these words he turns around and disappears through the same door Jack went through just minutes ago. He leaves Dean with static noise in his ears and tingling limbs.
), the intense blue eyes and the gravely voice. He’s attracting attention from a lot of people. There is just something fascinating about him. Dean is sure he isn’t the only one who notices that.
The first thing Dean realizes is, how different this hug is in contrast to all the other hugs they shared. This is not a
“We’re here to investigate the grave desecrations of the last few weeks.”, Dean starts, “We would like to take a look at the files and the evidence. Is there a sheriff we can talk to?”
The skin knits itself together and even the sticky feeling of dried blood disappears from his face. Then the sensation of the grace under his skin is gone. All that’s left is the warmth of Cas’s hand on his cheek.
) shrinks down, until it’s nothing but a dull buzz under his skin. His next breath doesn’t hurt as much as before. He presses his eyes closer together, when Cas’s hand moves to his temple and cups his cheek.
“Then no, thanks. I’m good.” He returns his attention back to the screen and starts his hacking again. Dean shrugs.
“And I think…” Another step closer. Dean can feel the warmth of his body again, “I think you like that.” As if he wants to emphasize what he means, Cas’s fingernails scrape gently through his hair, leaving a trail of goosebumps down Dean’s spine.
“Maybe”, he answers vaguely, but Dean knows him well enough to hear the tiny smile in his voice and he snorts.
“Bullshit. There were enough signs and I chose to ignore them. I fucked up big time, Cas, so, just leave it, okay? This is not even…” Dean tries to push past Cas, only to get stopped from a hand on his chest. He draws in a shattered breath when Cas’s hand presses right at the bruise that has already formed on his rips and the frown between Cas’s eyes gets deeper.
They change into fed suits and Dean tries his best not to stare when Cas helps Jack straighten his tie, his stomach doing that stupid cartwheel move again. Jesus Christ, he really has daddy issues. When Cas catches his eyes, Dean turns around so fast that he nearly knocks his half-empty coffee mug from the table. Just barely catching it and ignoring Sam’s amused snort with glowing ears, he clears his throat.
The blush starts at the base of his neck and creeps its way up to his ears. Very aware of the heat, Dean pointendly lowers his eyes back on his coffee, hoping that Cas would drop the topic.
“Uuh, yes, of course, sure, agents.” The officer licks his lips and Dean realizes that he’s still glancing at Cas, “Give me a second.”
“I don’t know. I didn’t stay long enough to attend the interrogation of the demons they took captive. Once the fight was over, I left.”
The department door squeaks when they step in and maybe that replaces a doorbell, because immediately the young police officer behind the front desk looks up. He straightens his back after a quick glance up and down.
There is the brush of the trenchcoat against his knees, a second hand cradling his other cheeks and then the feeling of soft lips against his forehead.
“Not my blood”, he growls and the next thing Dean feels is his back crashing against one of the book shelves, Cas’s hand gripping tight into his hair and a hot, open mouth capturing his lips in a hard kiss.
He wants to argue. He wants to take that burden, wants to blame himself for the death of that boy, that young man with the bright smile and excited eyes, who looked at Cas like he was some kind of rockstar and who Dean snapped at without any other reason than that he tried to flirt with his best friend.
Dean closes his eyes, when the humming of grace first connects to his rips. Warmth spreads through his chest and the pain from the bruise (
“You think these things come natural to me?”, Cas interrupts him, “Dean, do you want to know how many parenting books I’ve read before Jack was born? I am as clueless as every other parent.”
And every single time, Cas bows down his head and presses his lips at the exact same spot on Dean’s cheek like he did the very first time.
Finding Cas is not hard. The police station is not big and Dean just follows the path where Cas disappeared earlier with the young officer. He finds the evidence storage room easily and even through the closed door he’s able to hear the voice of the officer. Without knocking Dean steps inside.
The smell of lemongrass fills the steam filled shower and Dean actually flinches a bit when Cas’s fingers connect with his scalp for the first time. If Cas notices it, he doesn’t mention it and after a few minutes Dean allows himself to relax, because seriously, Cas’s fingers are freaking
“Hey, did you steal my shampoo by any chance?”, he finally mutters and for a second the movement in his hair stills, before Cas continues.
At the very end of the day, Cas is still his best friend. His family. He at least owns him this talk.
It makes Dean sick. Even now, when he tries to do better, when he tries to be kind of a parent figure for Jack, he still can’t forget how he treated him the first months.
“Sam, if you won’t stop fucking talking, I swear to God, I’m gonna stab you with this fork in the...oh hey, buddy.” Dean lowers the fork he was about to ram into Sam’s hand and smiles at Cas, who just stepped into the kitchen. But all it takes is one look at the angel's face for the smile to fall, “Hey, what’s wrong?”
The police department is a good 10 minutes drive from the motel. It’s warm enough for Dean to leave his coat in the car and he nearly chokes on his tongue, when he turns around and sees that Cas tosses the trenchcoat on the passenger seat, leaving him in just the dark suit underneath. And listen, Dean
Sheriff Donald Lydecker is a pale, blonde man in his fifties with harsh lines around his mouth and on his forehead. He shakes Dean’s hand in a firm grip and offers him a seat, before he plunges down on the other side of the table.
When he closes his eyes, he can still recall the soft pressure of Cas’s lips against his. He can still feel the warmth of his body this close to him, different from every hug they ever shared and still way too familiar. And most of all he can still hear Cas’s voice, low and clearly affected.
He never relied on something like that. Never needed to. Not even when he was with Lisa. Sure, it was nice, feeling her arms around him and kissing her softly on the cheek or the hair. But most of that was performance. It was something he did automatically, because that’s what a good boyfriend does. Doesn’t mean that he didn’t like it, but he never felt like he
fucking badly, “Me and Jack gonna talk to the graveyard keeper, you and Cas take the files from the police station.”
It takes them around ten hours to arrive in Pine Bluff, Arkansas. The town is nothing special so far. It has its cheap motels, its fair amount of fast food chains restaurants and some supernatural problem they need to solve. Just like every other day in their lives.
“What? No, I don’t.” Yes, he does, “Fuck you, I don’t! This is...we need to focus, okay? Tell me more about the evidence.”
“This is not your decision to make.” Cas’ voice is soft, but firmly. Dean would’ve liked it better if he screamed at him, if he gave him something to argue with, “I’m sorry, Dean, but I’ll have to do this alone.” He steps closer and Dean steps back, shaking his head furiously.
They get a room with two twins and a couch that looks comfortable enough to spend one or two nights on it. Dean volunteers for the couch (
“Well, maybe you should get used to it.” Cas returns his attention to the book, but Dean can see the tension in his shoulders and he sighs deeply, rubbing a hand over his face.
When he turns to disappear in the bathroom again, Cas stands right in front of him with that stupid worried frown between his brows. Dean steps back so quickly he nearly falls backwards on the bed.
“He watches a lot of tv shows where the parents embrace their kids. It’s a normal thing and of course he wants that too. Why shouldn’t I give him that comfort?”
He’s breathing. He’s definitely breathing in sharp, shallow puffs, too fast for his lungs to contain enough air. His head spins and his hands close hard around the wrists that hold him in place, clinging to them like they are a lifeline keeping him from drowning. Cas’s face blurs out and comes back to focus and Dean’s heart pounds in a desperate staccato of
But Dean also has to admit that it is kinda nice. He glances occasionally in the rear mirror, catches glimpses of Jack watching out of the window with a content smile. From time to time he even meets Cas’s eyes in the mirror and when Cas smiles at him, Dean has to bite his lip to keep himself from smiling back too brightly. Instead he focuses on the road again and tells himself that his rapid pulse is just the adrenaline from the prospect of a hunt.
That memory doesn’t help at all with the heat on his face and he shoves his hands deeply into the pockets of his jacket, stares at a point somewhere over the doorway to the war room and hopes that Cas would drop the topic.
“Of course he does.” Dean smiles into his cup and when he looks up, Cas is already watching him fondly.
“We’re out of Froot Loops. Jack will probably want some.” Cas tilts his head thoughtfully, “Although I have to agree with Sam that they’re not really nutritious, but I think, we don’t really have to worry about that with Jack, so he can have them, if he wants.”
Stopping in his step, Dean looks between the two men. The officer clears his throat and smiles at him, but his ears are still glowing: “I was just telling your colleague about the crime scene, about the way the coffins were ripped open. It was really spooky, but I guess you guys see things like that every day, huh?” And he reaches out to pat Cas on the shoulder and
“Fine”, he says in the annoyed tone only a child that experiences a great injustice can do, “Can I take the book with me?”
And so he just sits, leaning the weight of his heavy head into the hand of the angel standing in front of him while his eyes are burning with unshredded tears. His throat clicks when he swallows around the lump in it. He wants to say something, anything, to thank Cas, but he doesn’t trust his voice and so he remains silent.
The water from the tab is cold and Dean’s fingers numb, even after he scrubbed them roughly with the soap bar to get the dried blood off. His skin is already red and irritated, but Dean just keeps scrubbing and scrubbing. He doesn’t dare to look up. He couldn’t stand to see his own face right now.
“Ah fuck”, he pants, squeezing his eyes and tries his hardest not to hump against Cas’s leg like a horny teenager, which is very difficult, especially after Cas considers the briefly interruption of their kiss as an invitation to attack Dean’s neck with his mouth.
It takes him five whole more minutes to finally turn off the tab. He flexes his fingers and grimaces when the scratchy towel comes in touch with the sensible skin. Without looking he throws it in the shower stall and opens the door.
between him and Cas is not so different from how they were before. They still bicker at every possible moment, they still watch movies that make Cas roll his eyes and criticize every wrong historical fact. But now they do it with Dean’s feet on Cas’s lap or Dean’s arm around Cas’s shoulder.
“Sure.” Sam doesn’t even bother to look up this time and so Dean grabs his jacket and moves towards the library.
It’s on day four, when Dean’s phone pings with a message and he nearly drops his beer, when he reads Cas’s name on the screen. The message is short.
Cas makes a noise of agreement and dives in for another kiss. Dean meets him halfway, opening his lips to deepen the kiss and is rewarded with the slide of a hot, wet tongue against his.
and the still half-hard dick. Dean swallows hard, tries again to speak, but Cas rolls his eyes and grabs his shoulder.
“Don’t you dare getting dead or something.”, Dean whispers hoarsely and that draws a little smile out of Cas.
“Listen, buddy, I appreciate the pep talk, but if one of us here is a good role model for the kid, then it’s you.”, he says quickly, “No, hold on, let me finish. I’m not saying that I’m not trying to make things right with Jack, but that’s the point, I have to try. For you, it’s just natural, the whole...board games and curfew and goodnight kisses and…”
“...but you mean too much to me to keep it just physical. It would end with one of us - or more likely, both of us - getting hurt. If I have to choose between keeping you as a friend and never touch you again or having sex with you and end in a disaster, then I will gladly keep my distance.”
It’s always late in the night, when Dean’s fingers search in the dark for Cas beside him, that he realizes that Cas is probably going to stay. And all he ever needed to do was to ask him for it. He doesn’t even have to use his words. All he has to do is to stretch his neck, maybe bumping his nose into Cas’ jaw and demanding for a goodnight kiss.
Cas shuts him up with another kiss, this one deeper and messier and full of promises. They both pant when they seperate, slowly withdrawing hands and limbs away from each other. Cas’s eyes don’t leave Dean’s face until he’s out of the room.
Yeah, Cas was right, Dean had tried to get him laid from time to time. Tried to set him up with waitresses and bartenders and girls that bought them drinks and were very obviously interested. But Cas never showed any intention to have a good time with any of them and suddenly Dean wonders if that was because Cas is...but he would know if his best friend is gay, right? Is that even a thing for angels? He’s pretty sure Cas said something about that sometimes, about labels and genders and all that stuff and how angels won’t give a single flying fuck (
He hasn’t realized that his breath has already quickened, until there is the sound of the shower curtain being pulled aside behind him and Dean nearly jumps out of his skin with an embarrassing yelp.
“Awesome. Now go hug your daddy goodbye so we can roll.” He winks at Cas and earns an exaggerated eye-roll for that, but when Jack squeezes his arms around Cas, the eye-roll turns into a soft smile and he hugs Jack back. Dean tries his hardest to ignore the little cartwheel his stomach makes at this sight.
“Okay, gimme ten minutes and we’re going.”, Dean says, putting a wide grin on his face that feels terribly out of place. He knows how Cas will answer before it comes.
He can barely manage that as his friend. Dean doesn’t even want to imagine how much worse it would hurt if Cas would decide to leave him when they’re something...
) times they hugged and were close enough for Dean to breathe Cas in. It is a wild scent, like the air right after a thunderstorm, ozone and petrichor and under all of that, a hint of lemongrass that suspiciously smells like Dean’s shampoo.
Cas shooks his head slightly, then puts both hands on Dean’s shoulders and turns him around again. This time he grabs the sponge and the soap and Dean can’t possibly hide the little shiver down his spine, when Cas starts to work his magic fingers into the tense muscles of his shoulders.
“I need to leave”, he says and for a moment Dean is sure that someone dropped a bucket of  ice cubes down his shirt. Cas is not looking at him. He probably is aware how Dean’s hand froze halfway to his mouth anyways.
- this is absolute bliss. Dean is just slightly aware of the desperate moan that escapes his mouth and is muffled by Cas’s lips and if his brain would work properly, he probably would be embarrassed of the noise he makes.
“‘course not, Cas”, Dean mumbles, “I know you. You’re not like that.” He chuckles under his breath, “Hell, I was so ready to blow you after I came and you didn’t even let me.”
That’s all. Dean rolls his eyes and pushes himself up from the table, shoving the book a little rougher than necessary into the shelf and because he
Cas is the one who lets go in the end and Dean staggers at the sudden loss of the warmth around him. He nearly reaches out to pull Cas back, but catches himself right in time.
, as it turns out, is easier than Dean thought. He doesn’t know what he thought would happen, but it just takes him about three days to realize that the
He remembers how Cas feels in his arms everytime they hug, his fond smile when Dean makes a joke that’s not even funny, the love in his eyes when he looks at Jack.
For a moment Dean has to fight the inner conflict, has to bite back a rude comment about how chick-flick this is, but one look at Cas’s pleading eyes makes him swallow it all down. His hands are still shaking a bit when he turns his back to Cas.
Knowing that there is someone awake in the room to watch out for them, Dean finally managed to fall asleep when the sky was already turning orange.
Dean grabs the hook that would pull him out of this discussion with gratitude. He nods silently and follows Cas out of the room back to the counter at the front door, where Cas hands back the key to Officer Simmons and thanks him with a warm smile. The guy returns the smile a little too enthusiastically for Dean’s taste, but he swallows every rude comment when the officer offers Cas to call him anytime if he has further questions and Cas hands him one of the FBI cards with his phone number. He doesn’t have a problem with guys hitting on Cas. He has
Cas is obviously very aware of the can of worms he opened in Dean’s brain and watches him with a little deliberate smile, before standing up and smoothing the wrinkles out of his suit jacket.
“Good morning. How can I help you?”, he asks and looks between them back and forth, before he decides to focus on Cas with a nervous smile. Dean flashes his badge in a casual move and in the corner of his eyes he sees Cas do the same, for once in a lifetime not opening the badge the wrong way. The officer’s smile falters a bit and he nervously runs his hand through his hair.
Cas doesn’t even bat an eye when he steps under the water, pulling the curtain close again and turns to Dean with a raised eyebrow.
The second day, Dean paces around the hallways. He jumps every time he hears footsteps and tries not to show his disappointment too much, when it’s Sam or Jack who turn around the corner. He tries texting Cas, only for his text not to go through. No cell phone reception in heaven. Dean wants to throw his phone against the wall.
He gulps down the rest of his beer, takes a look at his watch and finally decides that it’s enough. He closes his book with a
“I’m fine, Cas.”, he shouts back and cringes, when his voice cracks at these words. With tense shoulders he waits for Cas to respond, to start an argument that he is clearly not fine, but Cas seems to be merciful right now and doesn’t press further. Dean hears his footsteps move away.
“You’re just not used to people showing their love through physical contact, even though it’s a normal thing in a family.”
Dean’s neck feels way too hot and he doesn’t dare to look at Cas. He would deny it on his deathbed, but seeing how good Cas is with Jack, how amazing he is as a father, that just does
It isn’t even until Cas shoves a thigh between Dean’s knees that he realizes how painfully hard he is.
Cas huffs and shakes his head, but he doesn’t seem to be interested in engaging in further discussion, so he just opens the book again and says without looking at him: “Good night, Dean.”
“Nonono, Cas, that’s not what I meant.” He turns around so quickly that he nearly knocks over the shampoo bottle at their feet, “Sorry, I’m sorry, I’m an idiot. You didn’t do anything wrong, I wanted that, swear I wanted it.”
Cas doesn’t need to say another word. The message is loud and clear and Dean doesn’t even dare to reach for that spark of hope blooming inside of him, that maybe this was the thing to make Cas stay, that maybe all he has to do is
“Hey, you need something from the store?”, Dean asks and pokes his head into the kitchen door, “I’m heading out in five.”
”, Dean parrots him, “The last time an angel called for your help you nearly got killed. You’re not exactly the prom queen when it comes to your folks.”
”, Jack repeats, but he doesn’t sound as annoyed as he aimed for. He marks the page he was on, before closing the book in front of him and shuffles up from his chair. Then, to Dean’s surprise, he puts one hand on the rest of Cas’s chair, bends down and Cas, without averting his eyes from his book, turns his head just a bit and presses a short kiss on Jack’s temple.
Dean presses his fingernails deeper into the palm of his hand. He’s not even trying anymore to get rid of the dirt and the blood. But if he stops doing something with his hands, he will shatter and he can’t afford that, not after this failure, not with this weight on his shoulders, not when…
It was good that his brain is still flooded with endorphins or this thought would probably freak him out. Instead he just shrugs.
Dean falls forward into Cas without wasting a single thought about it. Cas catches him easily, arms around his neck, not even swaying a little bit. The only sign of surprise is the sound he makes back in his throat when Dean’s mouth crashes on his.
He ends behind the wheel of Baby, Sam on his right side and Jack and Cas on the backseat. He doesn’t know why they have agreed that all of them needed to go. From what Sam had told him, this should be an easy thing, maybe a ghoul or something like that. No need for backup.
Cas sits at the table in the middle of the room, a transparent bag open in front of him. He looks up when Dean steps in and flashes a quick smile at him, before he turns his whole attention back to the officer who was still in the room with them. Which is...kinda weird, actually. Normally the police has no problem with leaving FBI agents alone to search through the things, but here was the kid, leaning against the edge of the table with his hips, eyes glued on Cas and a beaming smile on his lips. He looks up a little sheepishly when Dean closes the door behind him and his cheeks actually blush and
But it’s not only that. If it would be just physically, it would be much easier, admitting to himself that
“Gonna hit the hay”, he yawns and stretches his arms over his head, before pointing at Jack “Kid, it’s late, you should go too.”
When Dean puts down his fork with much more force than necessary, the loud noise finally draws Cas’s eyes towards him.
to cry, just because someone kisses his forehead like that, with soft hands and soft lips and without asking for anything in return. This isn’t even close to the teasing they had done before out of pure spite. This is Cas caring about him and Dean melts into that.
“We all thought it was a ghoul. All the signs spoke for it. It was intentional, Dean. We were tricked.” Cas speaks soft and gentle and normally Dean would probably hate that, would snarl at him that he doesn’t need his pity. He doesn’t. Instead he nuzzles his cheek deeper into Cas’s palm.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure that was his only intention”, Dean mumbles and Cas tips his head slightly to the side.
“Uh, yeah. Night, kid.” Dean blinks and watches Jack go, until he disappears in the quiet hallways. Just then he turns to Cas.
He remembers how much worse Cas’ betrayal hurt after that, how he refused to believe in it until he had no other choice. He remembers that this pain was nothing against the one when he lost Cas again. And again. And again.
“That’s part of why I like you so much.” With just the hint of a smile Cas steps closer again and it’s such a relief when he puts his hand against Dean’s chest that Dean would be very embarrassed about it later. Right now, his breath hitches, when Cas draws his hand up over his shoulder, up to his neck and then into his hair.
“What’s going on with you and Cas?” Sam doesn’t even look up from his laptop, when he asks this question a few days later. Which doesn’t mean that Dean doesn’t immediately choke on the bite of scrambled eggs he just shoved into his mouth. Coughing and with watering eyes he punches his fist against his chest, until he’s able to breathe again.
that feels good. Grounding. He’s very tempted to nuzzle his head back into the crook of Cas’s shoulder and stay there forever. It’s a very good place.
, that’s definitely a hard dick pressing against his hip. An unexpected heat rushes through his veins and with shaking hands he starts to fumble with the belt on Cas’s slacks, only to be stopped by gentle hands around his wrists.
“Sheriff Lydecker will talk to you, his office is just down the hall, last door on the left. Ummm, and I can show your partner the evidence room if you…”
Cas is a quick learner. It just takes him seconds to find out which pace and which pressure makes Dean shutter and then he does it again and again. In less than a minute Dean’s legs are shaking so hard that he has to put his whole weight against Cas to stay upright. Cas holds him without any difficulties and if this isn’t the sexiest thing Dean ever experienced.
when a few books hit the ground. Waves of arousal crashing down on him, drowning him before pooling in his guts.
Cas turns his head and nuzzles his nose into the hair right over Dean’s ear, pressing gentle kisses at his temple. It shouldn’t be this comforting, considering that his hand jerks him off in a slow and confident pace, but Dean melts at the contact and the tension of the last days floods out of his body. Before he knows what he’s doing he turns his head just right to the point where he can catch Cas’s lips in a soft kiss.
There are boxes in Dean’s mind, which are closed and labeled and then pushed down deep into a black hole, where he wouldn’t have to deal with them. Some are smaller, some are as big as containers, but all of them have one thing in common: Dean never opens them.
“Dean.” Cas groans his name quietly right next to his ear, before his free hand grabs Dean’s wrist and pulls it down towards his dick, “Show me.”
Cas is warm and solid and strong and his arms are holding Dean tight against his chest. Dean even forgets to do the super manly bro clap on Cas’s back. He just closes his eyes and for a blissful second, he lets himself feel. Feel the tickle of Cas’s hair against his cheek, the hands that slowly stroke up and down his back, the steady heartbeat that thumps against his chest.
Cas inhales sharply behind him, but before Dean can spin around to see what’s wrong, his hand presses against Dean’s back and holds him there.
It’s late in the bunker, close to midnight and Dean’s head hurts. The book in front of him is written in a mixture of latin, enochian and - for whatever reason - french and the letters are so small, that he has to squint at them to make out any words. He’s glad that Sam already headed to bed, traitor that he is, so he doesn’t have to take the teasing that he’s getting old and gonna need glasses soon.
Jack sits beside Sam at the kitchen table, munching on a sandwich and glances at Dean for a second before averting his eyes again quickly. Dean feels his stomach clench at this movement and he bites his inner cheek when he moves towards the fridge to grab himself a beer. Sam lifts his head, when Dean sits down across from him and offers him a small smile.
Cas’s smile is something else. His full attention lays on Dean, measuring his face with his eyes, smiling so soft and adoring that Dean visibly squirms in his seat. Heat rises in his face and he quickly tries to cover it with a big gulp of the beer, on which he nearly chokes. Cas’s smile doesn't falter. He slips into the seat beside Dean and this time Dean really chokes, when Cas’s hand lands on his knee and gives him a quick, gentle squeeze.
“I’m not sure. But there was a cry for help on angel radio. From heaven directly.” Cas slowly rubs over his forehead, a gesture so human it hurts to watch and he’s
is the one who has to protect these clueless people from it. It’s his fucking goddamn job. So yeah, Dean is more than willing to sacrifice a little bit of his own comfortability, so that other people would be able to sleep at night.
Cas steps back, out of Dean’s space with a face as satisfied as a cat that just got a bowl of cream. All Dean can do is blink at him.
Nothing compares to this. Nothing in his whole life ever felt this good, having Cas fully pressed against his chest, fingers desperately pushing clothes aside to get to overheated skin, the first contact of tongues tasting each other. Dean is sure, if he would die right now, heaven would just be a weak copy of what he’s feeling at this moment.
“You are not responsible for what happened to that man, Dean.”, he says quietly and Dean presses his eyes together even more, when he feels a familiar burning on the edges of them.
Sam finds a case just a few days later and Dean jumps on the possibility. Things are getting quiet lately and it’s not that he’s mad about that, no, it’s a good thing. But there’s only that much free time he can fill with polishing Baby until she gleams in the sun, binge watching Scooby-Doo and stuffing his face with food before he gets itchy. So yeah, a good old hunt is exactly what Dean needs right now.
Cas had killed the witch without hesitation after that, his eyes glowing furiously when he slashed his angel blade through his ribcage. He even tried to heal the young officer, but the light in his eyes was already long gone and there was nothing they could’ve done for him.
“Of course, Dean. If you insist.”, he says very softly, before he leans forwards and presses a chaste kiss on Dean’s cheek.
“Uhhh…” Dean hesitates for a moment, before he looks at Cas. The angel raises his eyebrow and Dean can’t think of a good reason to say no, “Yeah, sure, kid.”
“I don’t know. I mean, you guys are always kinda intense with each other, you know. But lately it’s...it’s kinda different.”
He remembers the first apokalypse, the angel with the stoic face, the stiff posture, that looked at him with such curiosity that it made Dean squirm and overheat. He remembers the ping of pain in his chest when Chuck told him that Raphael killed Cas, even if the angel was barely a friend at that time.
Dean pulls his pillow over his face. If he tries hard enough, maybe he’ll be able to suffocate himself.
Dean rolls his eyes, but doesn’t protest, because he is actually really tired and the pounding in his head isn’t helping. Jack grumbles something inaudible and puts the book down in front of him.
Somewhere behind this flood of memories Dean must have mumbled words against Cas’ lips, because the angel makes a soothing shush noise, before he kisses Dean again, soft and warm and slow, once, twice.
The glassy look on his eyes calls these words a lie and Dean sighs quietly, then looks expectantly at Cas.
“You were all I could think about while I was in heaven.” His fingers start to work the soap into Dean’s skin again and Dean gets the impression that it was easier for Cas to talk while not looking at him, too, “It was...very distracting. Even more than usual.” He stands so close that Dean can feel his warm breath on his shoulders, “When you kissed me before I left…” Dean makes a little desperate sound in the back of his throat and Cas’ hands tighten, “I nearly stayed. If you would have asked me one more time, I would have stayed. I would have left the other angels to fight the demons attacking the portal…”
“Uh, yeah, sure, buddy”, Dean mumbles and even manages to throw a thinned smile towards Officer Simmons, before he follows Cas out of the building.
” and Dean mentally tries to kick it away. It wouldn’t move a bit. Just patiently roams around and waits for Dean to open it.
When they finally separate, Dean leans forward to chase after another one, but Cas’ hand in his hair tightens and holds him back. Reluctantly Dean’s eyes flicker open and he is rewarded with the sight of a stunned angel just inches away from him.
“Nothing is going on with me and Cas”, he chokes out and his face burns. Just from the choking, no other reason.
Something in Dean’s stomach squirms like acid and he steps closer to the table without planning it. Before he knows what he’s doing, he already towers over the poor officer and says with a very sour smile: “Great. But how about we keep things professional here, okay? I need to talk to my partner. Alone.”
” box starts to bump up and down in his head and Dean clenches his teeth so hard that his jaw hurts. He knows exactly what’s in this box, too.
“You smooth fucker”, Dean mutters low enough that only Cas can hear him and that earns him a chuckle and a kiss on the cheek.
When Cas pulls back, Dean’s cheeks are wet. He quickly lowers his head and tries to rub his shirt over his face inconspicuously. Cas, good friend that he is, acts like he doesn’t notice. His hands slip from Dean’s face to his shoulders, giving them a short squeeze and then Cas moves back to the table.
It can’t be more than a few minutes until his lungs protest against the lack of enough oxygen and Dean hesitantly tries to lift his head from Cas’s shoulder. There’s a hand on his head, carefully stroking through his hair and
There were enough signs, the weird carvings on the tombstones, the omnipresent smell of vervain around the graveyard. He should have seen it. He was too sure.
Not even just about what exactly went wrong. Mostly it’s a mixture of hell, of the dead bodies of loved ones, of blood and pain and the echoes of screams. Dean always wakes up panting and covered in cold sweat.
Cas stops in his attempt to cross the parking lot, turns around and stares at Dean with a confused frown, before he looks down at himself.
“Wasn’t me who decided to christianize the library”, he mutters under his breath and then shivers, when Cas presses a featherlight kiss against his jaw.
a bad idea. It always ends up in trouble, it always brings Cas in danger and it’s a place where Dean can’t follow him. If somethings happen to him (
“‘s nice”, Dean mumbles, “When someone touches you without…” His teeth click, when his mouth shuts on his own, the words stuck in his throat. Cas waits for a few seconds, busying himself with rinsing the foam out of Dean’s hair, before he quietly asks: “Without it ending in violence?”
Finally averting his eyes, he grabs the phone on the counter and after a few seconds of silence, gets the sheriff on the phone. His quick explanation that two FBI agents want to see the files of the grave robberies is interrupted on the other side of the line and his face turns red while he listens, throwing in a mumbled “Yes sir” and “Of course, sir” from time to time. When he hangs up, his cheeks are scarlet and Dean nearly feels sorry for him.
The pacing starts again, but this time Dean strolls restlessly through the library and the war room, fidgeting with his phone in his hand, his eyes never leaving the door once. Around late afternoon Sam appears, takes one look at Dean and declares that he and Jack will go out for dinner and after that to the movies. There seems to be a new Disney movie Jack is excited about. Dean just nods and ignores the meaningful look on Sam’s face.
“Um...okay. Yeah. Froot Loops. Noted.” God, why does his face feel like fire? “I gotta...um...yeah, gotta go.”
“No complaints from me, buddy.” Then he’s eyeing Cas up and down, “Okay, how about we get you out of this clothes...because they’re freaking
Dean’s heart stops for a second, then proceeds to beat at double speed. He has to close his eyes. He can’t look at Cas’s face when he says it.
So who cares when Dean got a little touchy in the last days. Cas doesn’t seem to mind and just smiles at him, whenever Dean stumbles into his way like a newborn fawn, drawn into his orbit like he’s a moon and Cas is his planet.
Seeing Cas getting out of the trenchcoat and the suit does...things. Dean is pretty sure that it’s not appropriate to stare at his best friend with wide eyes and a half open mouth, once he shreds off the bloodstained dress shirt and he actually has to turn around when Cas starts to undo his belt. With a dry mouth he starts to search through his own dresser for a pair of clean sweatpants and a shirt, then, when he realizes with a heated face how sticky his boxers are, excuses himself for a quick shower.
Dean is not stupid. He was always aware that he and Cas tend to stand a little bit too close to each other, but he was way beyond the point of being bothered by the lack of personal space. He even admits to himself that he kinda likes it, having Cas right next to him, steady and unbothered by anything, someone who would always have his back. It always makes him feel stronger.
This time Sam closes the laptop and watches him over the table, his face blank and deep in thoughts. Dean quickly lowers his head on his breakfast again and stabs his eggs a little too aggressively.
“Jesus”, Dean whispers under his breath and then hurries to follow Cas over the parking lot. And if he stares a bit at Cas’s shoulders (
The warmth and the pressure of the water actually manages to calm him down a little bit. It’s easier to think about Cas without Cas being around. Dean leans his forehead against the tiles and lets the water rush down his back while he tries to put the mess in his head together.
Dean swallows hard and looks away. His fingers start to rub at the label of the beer bottle, scraping little white paper shreds from it.
But Dean had ignored all the signs, had searched on the wrong ends of the town until it was too late. Until the graveyard keeper turned out to be a witch that wanted to go all Frankenstein and bring his lover back to life with a few fresh parts. The last thing he took was a heart.
” box and Dean wants to hide somewhere. Expect there is no way he can hide from his own head. All he can do is turn his metaphorical back to the boxes and ignore them.
“That’s nonsensical, language-wise,” Castiel grumbles to probably no one in particular, since Dean isn’t even pretending he’s listening.
“This is going to be the beginning of a beautiful headache,” it comments, amused. “Oh, and, we might not have a PhD, but we think of a hematoma, too. Man, you’re gonna have to take a look at this later,” it hisses, badly mimicking pain. “Real nasty.”
“Yeah,” Dean huffs. “They all say that, you know. When that no longer applies, come the excuses. I wonder what yours are gonna be. Can’t wait to hear them, too.”
Dean stares, incredulous, in this particular order, at: Castiel's smug, self-congratulating face, at the telephone, at his assigned coffee cup, and back at Castiel.
Okay, that's a lie, kind of. At first Dean concluded that not only this actually might work, but also if he screws it up, he gets a shot at bigger scissors. For not haircutting purposes. So there’s a win for him either way. But yeah, seeing the result of his adventure? There's really a lot at stake now and the sad part is that his ass is the last one to permanently hang for this. So zero points for Dean. Again. This sport sucks.
“I did not touch your emotions. I did not make you feel what you don’t feel, Dean. At least not emotionally. That’s sacred to me.”
“Guess I can’t make us into a mean chicken soup just yet, huh small thing? You think your other old man might actually be reading preggo lady magazines in his evil lair? I mean, what gives?”
God, that sounded like three combined Emmy culmination point speeches for like five different liberating movies. He’s glad that he at least remembered the fuck you for a wrapping because it would’ve been a waste of air without it.
“This is so sad,” Castiel says, forcing Dean backwards. “I really wanted you to enjoy some autonomy but no, you always have to howl and ruin everything for yourself. And then run crying towards the first soft shoulder you see,” he whines. “Tell me, Dean, what will you do when there’s no other shoulder left but mine?”
He leans in over the sofa and takes the kiss he wants, because he wants. Chases after Dean’s mouth when he tries to turn away. Doesn’t let his jaw go until he’s done. Marvels for a moment at the sight of Dean’s furious, kiss-tainted face, before he smiles, all appreciative and content.
Inside of himself, he tries to coo it into comfort, hums some Zepp, things he doesn’t need thinking for. On the outside, he loses his shit and his shit’s shit. He out-yells the crying, the holy rage, the bullshit, the everything.
“Why is this even a problem, by the way? I’ve never seen him this paranoid about anything else, to be honest,” she muses. “Just… odd.”
“Time to see if you’re more after me,” or more after Fucklahoma, Dean hopes not. “Pie time, squirt-o!” he announces and gets up to take the forlorn plate while it still looks fresh enough.
Of course he’s in a good mood. Teaching his bitch a lesson does give that kind of an endorphin high.
So for now Dean tries to claw at something, at anything, simply to keep himself contained, in one place, instead of breaking shit all over the place in fits of unspeakable rage.
“Keep telling yourself that, but please stop feeding me with this bullshit. I’m craptose intolerant.”
“It’s the jerk, he did this, until then I was fine,” Dean announces as he pops out the door with no warning like a very pissed off mole.
“Yes.” She nods, visibly relieved. “I don’t know anything else, but even if I did, I wouldn’t be allowed to tell you.”
Dean’s bends too, Just like Cas’s. Not because Dean wanted it to. What he wants is to cut off his hand for it has wronged him.
“Why? You told me to come here because we needed to talk. So let’s talk, Ken Doll,” Lucifer’s expression hardens.
Dean tries the drawers, one by one, and then the cupboards. He doesn’t find a single thing he could use. It’s one thing to wonder
“Presume? You think there’s any fucking possibility that it was my initiative? He pulled that out of his ass, probably this very morning.”
“So you didn’t rip everything off. Good for you. Want an award for that? Insert coin, wait nine months, give or take. Bam, prize.”
“Calm down, Dean! Didn’t you hear that?” Bobby nearly whispers through gritted teeth. “Look at the sheer size of his ego. He’ll put you on a holy pedestal just to show you off around the playground,” he points out, which, true. “You need that kind of power. For step two,” he adds in blatant conspiration, even quieter.
Wow in a way that it is scary both regarding few months and five decades from now. But actually it might come in handy, since this is a moment where he can barely—
With a hairbrush. Which, okay. Dean guesses she was being super honest about the not ever trimming her own hair thing. He’s not gonna comment that. At the moment she’s the one that’s actually armed.
Luckily for him, Cas stays in his shitty lane and doesn’t try a second time. But he squints, clearly not getting what he’s done wrong. Well, Dean’s gonna explain that.
He’s almost curious what has to be currently showing on his face that she made such an assessment and decided to vocalize it, regardless of the dangerous circumstances. She’s not wrong, technically. He’s scared. Simply because his favorite God commanded so, he woke up in a foreign set of bones and he’s got no idea how to use it since the pack didn’t come with a manual. All he knows is that it’s supposed to come with the unique option of childbirth the original model didn’t have, which is exactly why he has it now. He’s also about to stop being a person and officially become a property, more or less, as the script very strongly suggests. Despite being a textbook example of near cryptic purple prose (and blasphemy), it leaves very little room for interpretation. So yeah, there’s definitely a lot for him in store, waiting just around the corner and it would be insane not to be at least a little bit fucking unsettled.
“Jesus, dude. Precious memorabilia,” he cuts to the chase. “You know I got no guns, no knives,” Dean bends to pick up and formally acknowledge the scissors and wonders if enough, if any, of his boobs are showing. “Just this.”
He throws the book away and doesn’t bother to care where it thuds. He looks down and sighs in an empty attempt to switch back from anger to focus. And then he sees it: just by the desk.
“Do you want me to show you how many things I got to pick regarding this whole arrangement?” Dean flips him the bird, proud of himself. “This many.”
“Fuck me?” Castiel sounds almost amused. “You told me not to kill him and I didn’t. You have nothing to whine about.”
Bombarded with this, Dean waits. Until he’s sure no more words are going to fall. Until he can’t keep it in anymore, though he tries.
“I knew you would feel good in this one,” he comments, pleased with himself like a cat that ate the last standing canary.
“You look very dissuading right now, good job. But if I let you walk like that, he will hang half the house.”
Dean is irrationally amused that the little monster doesn’t even question why would its father be made of throbbing buttholes. Almost as if it went without saying. As if the kid already knew well enough that Castiel, ruler of the universe, in fact is. This is a good start.
“Not like that,” Dean says tiredly, taking a sip of his so not good Dr Pepper and wishing it was whiskey.
Looks like mistakes were made, somewhere along the way, between one intimate, wistful blue-eyed smile and another; between one mouthful of trust and the next.
“We’re gonna do it,” he states matter of-factly in lieu of greeting. Or a goodbye, whatever this is. They’re leaving soon and they’re not even taking the same jeep. He’s riding with the Ghost of Past fucking Christmas, which only adds to his dull, but never receding weltschmertz. Dean goes with fuck knows who. “We’re gonna lead the camp to death,” he adds, voice devoid of emotion. It’s already done: you can’t change a dead man’s mind. Still, he fruitlessly tries to make Dean understand that this isn’t just a mission to kill the Devil. In how Dean wants to play this out, this is a spectacular and petty, selfish suicide – because this isn’t Lucifer Dean is going to kill, no. It’s his brother. Why does Chitaqua have to repent for that, Castiel just doesn’t get. This is a cult-ish mass suicide. He didn’t flip the finger to Heaven for this. He valued humanity for its ability and will to fight back, and yet he’s left with a flock of dodo birds that jump into extinction just because bird alpha does (he, bird beta, does too).
Cas’s baobab is heavy on his chest now, so heavy it aches as he tries to breathe right, crushed with old, old branches, cut with sharp splinters. He’s too aware of the ring just like that, of his tiny, tiny gold shackle which threatens to bind him to Castiel’s mouth, to his yearning lap and its desires at any moment. His soul rattles with fear, with pain, and he prays to nowhere, to nothing, to the oldest bones, to the end of ends, hoping Castiel doesn’t hear it now, still too busy with internally jacking off to whatever treasure he supposedly found in Dean’s head.
Castiel shakes his head. Dean feels the body behind him sag. Could it be some form of defeat? Did he win the argument this time?
Dean turns around again, mostly to give a face out of habit than anything else. And he now thinks he’s gonna have to take the whole pristine clean thing back. The white suit is ruined with blood, Castiel’s hands are those of a pre-antisepsis times midwife and even his face isn’t all that clean. But the blood compliments the neurotic thing in his eyes very nicely.
“Only the sad people let me in, kitten. Only those who want to stop suffering. Those who want to be useful just once. Does that sound like our dear Castiel to you? Or does it sound like your brother in the past – in the one you never called him back?”
“It’s what you’re telling yourself to keep going, keep fighting. And I understand that desperation. But deep inside, you know,” Castiel insists. “I have the gospel of your entire life sewn into my grace. Even before you met me, each time you got damaged by them, I knew. I knew where it hit you and I knew how bad it hurt. I knew the name of every single cog that was turning in your head.” Something in his tone shifts now. It’s not disappointment anymore. It’s not sorrow in his eyes. There’s anger. “And most of all, I knew their reasoning regarding why,” he snarls.
kisses him. He dreamed of this for months, ever since he fell and gathered the remains of his wings. Ever since he felt all those petty little things like love – love for the things that are lesser than the whole of creation. Things like one man with such sad eyes, mostly.
“What makes you think I wouldn’t pull you out over and over again?” Cas asks. “I told you. I’d do anything. I love you.”
“When I—” Dean starts, but stops, as he finds himself at a total loss for words when the pieces click into place. So, it turns out Cas was already writing down Dean’s words of absolute surrender before Dean even came up with the very idea to go to Cas’s office and take it up the ass to save a huge chunk of the world from obliteration. “You’re sick,” he spits, disgusted, letting cringing reign all over his face unhidden and bold. “Sicker than I thought.”
“You are very, very stubborn. Do I look alive to you?” he asks, waving his slit wrist in front of Castiel. “But thanks to that trait you finally have what you wanted,” Dean smiles, getting paler every second.
Dean doesn't ask what brings him here. He doesn't give a fuck, lost all and any fucks along with his new flesh’s virginity. Doesn't even do as much as to breathe in Castiel’s direction. He's way more interested in the wall and all the amazing nothing it has to offer. He doesn't bother to decipher Cas's current expression, not this time. It hardly matches his words. It never matches his actions. And if he came here to fetch him? Well, fuck. He came to fetch him, then. It doesn't matter whether he smiles or frowns doing it, there's just no probability of a good outcome. And since Castiel has a monopoly on miracles now like he’s the Monsanto of fate, he can’t count on those, either.
“That doesn’t make what I said any less true. Until you’re loved, you can never be whole. And I’ll do anything to give you the love you need. Love that has no limits, makes no excuses, does not abandon. Only I can love you like this. Nobody else will,” Cas murmurs. “Nobody else will want to,” he reminds Dean.
“This is dinner. You need nutrition and I am making sure you will receive it. Keeping you company, too. I didn’t safehouse and marry you so you would end up sitting here all alone, obviously. It seems to affect your mood. You were lonely for so long, I won’t let this be. I made you a promise, haven’t I.”
“You look weak, you should sit down. I’m almost finished and if I asked you to fold napkins that would honestly be like babying you.”
“Oh, please,” comes an irritated huff. “Everyone knew you Winchesters were knotted with the angel. Suddenly, it goes nuclear and there’s no sign of either of you? At first, there were rumors you probably got killed by it as precaution. I didn’t give the marriage news much thought until the garden happened.” He smiles bitterly, “Dean’s garden. As a gift to the bride.” Dean averts his gaze in shame. “So I had to see the said bride. And what beautiful green eyes she has, it turns out. Worth the trouble of getting here.”
At this point even Crowley seems to look mildly uncomfortable. What a day! Dean sighs, almost happily. What a day.
“Holy ass, really? All these pews and this Jesus that’s completely inept and indifferent towards the world’s misery had me real confused for a second. I thought we were in a Disneyland during carnaval,” Dean sneers. Castiel doesn’t even fucking squint at the insult. “Okay then, a church,” he retries. “Not in the US, though,” he muses. There are no stones that fuck old in there, let alone a church.
Livid and devastated, Castiel places his hand on Dean’s abdomen, then lower; on the hidden place of his body that is only Castiel’s to seek relief in, and he finds that everything he was told is true. He withdraws, carefully puts the dress back in its place and fixes the bow. Lets his hand linger on Dean’s knee and just stares in hopeless anger. Tries to find an explanation, a step where he went wrong, a vital detail that he must have missed, but he sees none. Beneath his touch that turned into a possessive grip, Dean’s skin discolors but Castiel doesn’t notice, can’t notice, because his heads are in too many points in the past, too many places away, ahead, all over, and he sees countless things but none of them is Dean, none of them is the growing pressure on his knee.
“This is the dining room now,” she says, pointing at the stupid table. “We literally can’t go in there. Something pushes us away. Like...” Nadya tries to explain, but the discomfort on her face and the too long pause make it clear she has no words to describe whatever is going on regarding the door.
“Crowley,” Castiel cuts Dean off with the exact brand of courteous sweetness that is nothing else but a harbinger of death. “I'm amazed to find you here, of all places. Fascinating how it's so evil when I collaborate with you, and yet so pure and heroic when Bobby does that. Hello, Bobby, by the way. Oh, and, do tell me the secret of your moral-shifting magic I’ll have to try it out sometime.”
“No need to be stressed, Nad. We’re gonna do this together, okay? I’ll walk you through it, you learn a thing or two, and Castiel’s weird no sharp objects for Dean fetishes will remain unharmed.”
Something happened here, a lot of it, judging from the size. It healed but didn’t scar. Anything this large would leave much more ugly behind. And it would take time. This layer of skin is brand new. Other than that his legs are unscatched.
Can he just fucking die already? This is getting really frustrating. Dean groans and accidentally chokes on blood. Cas pays no heed to it.
“Good luck with that.” Crowley shrugs. “I have a wedding gift for you that might help,” he adds and throws a small object into Cas’s hand. Dean doesn’t quite make out what Castiel caught. “Although technically that’s for you, doll.”
And there it is again: wrath, contempt, boiling hatred - more of it than Dean knows how to fucking work with. And all of it personal.
“Well, I have the liberty of it. It’s pretty refreshing. Although considering your portfolio, maybe it’s actually better for you to care about certain things, so I’m not gonna say I recommend. Man, if I only knew there was going to be a lava bust after you pull that stick out of your ass...”
Another highest mountain to climb and another absolute and deafening nothing to find on the top. Dean knows where these stairs will take him, so it's at least this much of a consolation prize that he isn't very likely to walk into another dimension all out of the sudden.
“I have already told you why I’m doing this. And you accepted it. You agreed. Let me remind you: I love you. I’m doing this for you. You said yes to me and to my love.”
“I’m only here to unplug you. We’ve talked when you sulked, Death and me. He gave me a way to help you. My soul is a passage between the world and Purgatory. I’m not fully dead and to be honest I’m not fully human either. Been part demon, been a vampire and it’s enough. Stuck between Purgatory and here, my soul’s been cleansing you and putting the souls back ever since you entered.”
Castiel stares at the poor, lousy scissors, and so does Dean. “I need a stapler,” he says in a remarkably bad attempt at creating distraction.
“Can’t exactly blame me for failing to conceptualize time,” Dean groans, defeated. “I mean, look at me. You’ve got your answer.”
On the first, brief glance Cas’s new smile is a bit patronizing but far from mocking (yet?). Deeper down, Dean sees, it bears something small but worse in it, still just a point on the horizon of horror but definitely coming. Like the other shoe, like a consequence. Dean simply doesn’t know of what. But his skin, run over with chills so bad it gained its own sentience, is sure and screaming. Whatever it is, it will come here. It will come here. Something in him knows, the exact same way horses know of storms to inevitably roll in like power mad kings and blindly destroy instead of owning.
Now he's back on floor one, guided by desperation and a weak conclusion that the little clam devil most likely belongs to Nadya. And this is where his intuition runs dry and where improvisation begins.
Dean laughs at him acidically before answering. “Why of course,” he drawls, treating him with the fakest and most insulting smile he could possibly muster, “anything for my favorite monster pumpkin.”
So far, his existence in the wedding dress was limited to either sitting in it or standing like an abused lamp that spent thirty years in a rat-infested storage. Luckily, moving and actually walking in it doesn’t seem to be a problem at all, though it’s still a little disturbing. It could have been worse. He could have gotten his sorry ass put into some ancient, horse-sized atrocity with an actual metal frame destined to hold it together. He’s also glad for having flat and comfortable shoes instead of heels. He notices Castiel watching him intently.
“The hell you wouldn't,” Dean spits. “All the things so far you said you wouldn't do, you've done, so just cut the crap.”
Taking his suit jacket off and carelessly throwing it away, he circles around Dean, eyeing this offense with growing dismay.
Dean knows it’s fucked and stupid, but the millisecond of being truly empowered by putting Cas off his balance still sounds worth whatever pile of teeth he’ll have to spit out later. He turns around with over-acted lightness and eyes wide open in bombshell level candy surprise.
The guy’s expression doesn’t change, not even a bit. Probably because it couldn’t possibly get any more loathing.
Castiel sighs, possibly in exasperation catalysed by Dean’s absolute lack of understanding. His hands clutch at the dress with the desperation of a drowning man. Or of a wrathful god that is about to lose his only followers. Yeah, that would be more fitting.
“You don’t know fear yet,” he murmurs, kissing his temple. “I’ll fix that,” he promises. “You’re gonna pray for the Darkness to gulp in your soul soon,” he adds. “Goodnight, Dean,” he kisses him once more, and with that, he disappears.
“Dean.” Soft but with a buried edge to it, fake calm just like the sea before it gets shit done. “What was that?” But most of all, it demands attention. Like five seconds ago.
“Darling, do you want to have your kitchen sickness now?” Castiel retaliates pleasantly, looks like he collected himself enough to play along, putting Dean on the most direct road to damage, which is knowledge Dean possesses but ignores.
The gentle curl of his lips sets his eyes alight with something real, and, hating it, Dean buys it, this one. The smile radiates something kind, sane and almost human, so eerily far from Castiel's regular moments of joy filled glory which are just as real, but unhinged and asinine. Sharp three layers below their projected warmth.
Dean doesn’t even remember what comfort is and he prides his memory for being really fucking good. “My what?”
b) this is the exact catastrophe he tried to prevent with all he had and much, much more, and Cas knew it, so naming the result of the fiasco after him is fucking uncalled for. And rude. And also a bitch-slap.
Aside of Castiel's curious and maybe minimally amused gaze, he receives no hints, no feedback, no nothing.
“Then why the fuck am I forced to fuck you, marry you and give you a yet unspecified amount of children?!”
“Death will make sure there will be no way for you to find me. He’ll reincarnate me into something, anything. So maybe, just maybe, it will fucking stop you from destroying anything more, cause you’re gonna be afraid of destroying me by an accident. Maybe he’ll plant me as a tree in your fucking garden. Happy now?”
“If you had spent enough of quality time with Dean, as I have, you would have known that the villains who overshare and talk the most always lose. And get killed.”
“I have something better waiting for you. If you feel well now, follow me,” Castiel says cryptically as he’s getting up to leave this curse of a room.
He swallows hard with tears in his eyes, looking at her and thinking of all the other remaining people Cas brought here to assist with the ceremony, and, most of all, to remind Dean that what happened once, can always happen again, just in case he ever feels like forgetting, like disobeying. Or leaving. Or doing anything that isn’t scripted or expected of him, to be honest.
“You have also sworn to offer yourself to me, seek my warmth, accept my compassionate love, and surrender. So surrender.”
Free will is a beautiful thing. But it only exists as long as it’s allowed. Enabled. It’s not that free. And maybe Dean was right that destiny doesn’t make the rules and get to wear the crown.
The voice is louder this time, sly and smooth in a way Dean’s isn’t. His body jolts upright and awake, stiff and unhuman like an animated corpse. His eyes snap open, it takes them a disgusting while to remotely focus and lazily drift towards Castiel’s quiet fuming. It smiles, appreciative, way too wide, threatening to make Dean’s face rip from the muscle strain. “Knock, knock!”
Who is he fucking kidding. Castiel’s wedding ring and his invisible strings would have stopped Dean even if he tried to pull a Miss Jones intro.
“Praise be to God,” she says, voice devoid of emotion. He can still see it in her eyes, though: fear.
“Just to annoy me,” Castiel seethes. “It’s nothing permanent,” he concludes, softly brushing a thumb down Dean’s cheek. “It’s childish anger cause he didn’t get what he wants.” He tries to regain composure and fails at that spectacularly. Tired, he only achieves the opposite. “I don’t even know what he fucking wants,” he adds, resigned. “But I’ll extract that information.”
“Yeah, I can. If Lord Bitch comes complaining, tell him it was my direct order and if he has beef with that, my face is always open for hitting and suggestions,” Dean says, as hard and final as he can. “Besides, I bet he carefully picked those pretty counters with a dream of fucking me on them in his mind, so you don’t wanna be here for this, either.”
“Oh, you love making sure I always do in the end,” Dean groans, but follows out, the tails of Castiel’s white, preened suit stays a sore spot in his eyes.
“No, Dean. All of this is perfectly operational. Including my mercy. Why would you want to make soup? We have skilled cooks that provide everything you might need or want here.”
Well. If the darling is as wrathful as it is sentimental (and obviously is, considering the current misadventures of Springfield), that’s how it’s gonna roll.
“No,” he informs curtly, to which Cas should say something along the lines of ‘holy shit, Dean? I’m so sorry, let’s call the whole thing off, now excuse me while I cast myself into the pit and have hell’s least talented kittens disembowel me on a rack with rusty butter knives and rape me with hellhound dicks thrice for every asshole transgression I have committed or even thought of committing,’ but of course he says none of that.
“No,” Castiel laughs lightly, like Dean’s being particularly that funny, which, no, he isn’t. “I’m going to grant you a female body.”
“I don't think so, Dean,” Castiel huffs amused as he carries him back to the table, to Dean's chair, but instead of putting him down, he takes the chair himself and promptly, hands too strong and too unrelenting, makes Dean sit down in his lap.
Dean looks away and goes to the bookshelves. Doesn’t really have it in him to check the most evidently wrong part of the room if he absolutely doesn’t have to. Doesn’t feel particularly guilty for it either. Any court aside of his Dad and Sam would have excused him, but hey, they’re not exactly here to judge and no, a coma doesn’t get a vote. And, actually, even if it did, Dean has at least eight votes since he’s the one remolded, chained and pregnant, so whatever bitchface Sam could hypothetically try to serve in lieu of an actual solid argument is simply overruled by default.
“I will not poke or prod at your homicidal tendencies and I will do my best to keep your nasty hands where they are, slowly pulling at my meaningless flesh.”
They lie down to sleep, close to each other in the small confines of the tent. He hears crickets in the distance. He feels Dean’s breath ghosting over his neck. He curses his body for reacting to it with a slight shiver. If he weren’t that sleepy, he’d be hard because of it. Good thing he isn’t.
“Well then,” Dean concludes and proceeds to smear butter roughly over the slice of bread. Sam watches his brother’s hands half mesmerized, half wary and he knows, just knows it takes Dean too long. He’s a hair away from making a hole in the bread, but Dean is probably too far away from here, from him, to be aware of this. Or to care. After what appears to be forever and a half, Dean absentmindedly takes another slice and repeats his task. He puts the two pieces on a plate, content with the result. He shifts to leave.
Cas presses his palm into Dean’s arm in lieu of more noticeable way of putting him back into the correct head space. Except that there’s no correct head space for this without brainwashing and a coma-inducing amount of bourbon.
“Can’t believe you air quoted the word bump,” they say finally, disbelieving, rapidly turning into hysterical. “You actually air quoted it. Oh God. Like, how does he put up with you? No wonder the orange is suicidal. We would be, too.”
He doesn't expect an answer, so he just digs into his plate and feels glad that he doesn't at least have to look at Castiel's face anymore. Eating his portion of bullshit, he reminds himself of the little promise he made earlier today.
To the world, though, this is supposed to be an opportunity. Redemption, as Cas reassured him while kind of threatening at the same time. So what he needs to do is to get his shit together, bite his tongue and let this party roll according to plan, because if he screws this up, he screws the rest of the world over by proxy.
“Look what happened because I was simply stalling,” he croaks and fails to stop the tears from falling. “I hadn’t known. If I knew, I’d—”
See, this is the bed for his brother. He’ll kiss his temple softly and he’ll tell him goodnight, he’ll call him by his little name – for the last time and for the first time of plenty when the old teeth will sink under his skin, draw blood, collect tears.
He can’t sleep. The darkness of his room rattles around his bones. Feeds him recent memories: of Amara’s mouth and the things she offered, and of Cas’s limbs – their movement all wrong, body language uncanny. Artificial, like Esperanto. Beneath his eyelids, there’s an imprint of sordid lips, of full and half revealed breasts. He nearly retches, he wants none of it, and yet his body is pulled towards it in a way he can’t control. He feels dirty all the time, Amara a piece of broken glass stuck inside his shoe. Every step hurts, especially when he tries to walk away from her. He knows he’ll dream of her once he falls asleep. Maybe this is why he doesn’t want to. But it’s definitely not why he can’t.
“What do you expect me to do, slit my wrists? With what? The apple peeling kni— hey, great idea, Cas.”
Dean’s heard some voices coming from the hall. So he knows it’s Castiel behind whose back the door close softly. Besides, Sam wouldn’t have ventured into his room, not anymore. He’s not that… the correct word would probably be
“Let me out? He kicked me outta the office for snoopin around in it! I barely managed ten minutes! I know what I'm about!” He insists (and by the way it's pants). The look she gives him is sour and sad, but she says nothing. Thing is, Dean is slightly less stupid than he currently looks, and no matter what Crowley probably thinks at the moment, he still has eyes. “Please, just this once, spill it.”
But in this case it wouldn’t be the right question. Where would God keep those in his holy fake shit kitchen? Dean digs more and runs out of options. He has his answer, though: away from Dean, probably in the same mysterious spot where even the butter knives are. Looks like he’s banned all the way on those, huh.
The dust falls back into its old places, maybe finds some new ones, the scorching desire abandons all air, all joints. And everything goes awkward. There aren’t many things to say post factum, not about the most immediate past. Dean doesn’t tell Cas he’s so relieved he’s almost alive. Doesn’t inform that an angry spirit is for now banished out of him, doesn’t say fucking (two entities, to be honest) felt like his bones were being scrubbed dry then draped over with flesh, blood and skin once again in some kind of phoenix-cliché act of burn and rebirth. Judging from the noises he was making, from his heavy, labored breathes, from the calm on his flushed face – Cas can probably tell with no words.
“Riiight,” Dean drawls and points a finger to a random spot under his eye. “And I have a tank passing through just here,” he smiles venomously, mockingly.
He’s got no time for slow and unrelenting devouring. He wants the kisses to stop: the featherlike ones, the full mouthed ones, the tongued. All of them.
“Thank you,” Cas whispers, petting his hair with gentleness that almost impossibly contradicts his ability to fuck that hard. “Was it really that scary?”
“Why, Dean,” comes a soft smile that curls around the gravel voice. “I’m the one who raised you from perdition.”
That was menacing as fuck, so he sits on the bed, and stares at the door frame for a while after she disappears in the hall, leaving the door hanging open. He looks around uncomfortably, but doesn’t find many things to stick his eyes to. Maybe except of the small radio on the window pane. Actually, this is the only thing. Dean’s fairly sure the closet and a nightstand don’t count. The little table with a single chair has nothing on it. And yet, it feels invasive.
Cas slaps him across the face. Probably not hard enough to leave a bruise in the future, but hard enough to let Dean know he’s done fucking around. Dean won’t give him the joy of having him feel humiliated. He can’t let that happen. He straightens himself, radiating obscene amounts of disgust in Castiel’s general direction.
Now what is left is the staring; a tragedy of both the wolf and the moon because they’re too far away to destroy each other into cinders to find peace.
“Fine, Dean. The stapler will be waiting for you in the kitchen,” Castiel agrees because baby daddies are dumb, dumb sonsovbitches. “When you’re finished, put it back and wear the satchel for me.”
This is the first time Cas says ‘I can’t’ in the context of not being able to do something that is not related to his wicked understanding of hurting him, which is oddly interesting and somewhat worth poking with a stick. They walk together in silence for some time while Dean decides whether he should investigate the subject or not. Against his better judgment, he votes yes because he’s a curious little whore.
Castiel’s slow footsteps echo around the church as he approaches. He crouches next to Dean and assesses the damage, but does nothing about it. Dean watches him smile and believes himself not.
“I’m doing my best to compete with you, but it’s hard to win against that puppet show and the Marquez rain of flowers you pulled.”
It hits him with full power that he shouldn’t be nicely sitting on his ass and making degustations and power point presentations about life for a little hybrid that was forcefully fucked into him. Bobby told him something is up. Suddenly the dining room had been sealed. Just as suddenly Castiel is gone - and while it’s his trademark move since forever and a half - he shouldn’t be treating it as the norm anymore. The norm now should be, for all fucks’ sake, trying to comprehend and remember that Castiel should be hunted down before he lays eggs. Well, more eggs. This room holds no answers to that problem. It never did. Dean needs to move instead of being the sixteenth plant on this stupid sofa. He needs to make precautions.
If he still has some kind of butchered sentiment, some kind of mutated desperation and rotting but still breathing love that just won't fucking die no matter how many stones he casts at it — even no matter how many stones Castiel stupidly casts at it claiming he wants to accomplish the opposite — is he? Sounds like yes?
“Here’s how it’s really going to go, birdlet. Better listen. Best comprehend,” the leviathans say, berating and dark.
“No, I’m gonna build a helicopter and fly away forever. You got no idea what motel cable TV MacGyver could teach a kid like me,” Dean ultra deadpans. “Come on, man. Both of us know whatever the fuck I need micro scissors and a stapler for isn’t going to be a threat to your eternal kingdom. I’ll put it away nicely when I’m done, I promise. Scissors too.”
Dean’s not sure how to get the message across without actually lifting his face from the pillow, where it’s safely hidden from the remains of the world. And Cas. He groans until his body vibrates with the sound. This is so not helping his throat. He did not think it through. Fuck it, fuck the pillow. Plan B it is. He attempts to lift himself entirely, but no dice. His arms are too weak to manage his weight. Castiel catches him before he falls on the sheets in defeat and maneuvers him into a sitting position, with his back resting against the headboard.
Dean already wants that. He doesn’t want to feel a thing. He feels everything now and it hurts. Every small thing he never said to Cas and all the vile things that he did find the time to say. All the silences that stretched out for miles between them and he breathed through them like a coward. He hoped that it would go away on both sides eventually, but how stupid he was to hope? He was aware of the magnitude of Cas’s love and yet he’s done nothing with it, nothing to even acknowledge it. He deserves for Amara to devour him. He hopes she will before Lucifer does. He does hope she'll take him into her filthy oblivion soon. They're both dirt, after all.
“No. I don’t give a fuck about your sorrys. You should have told me something’s wrong. You shouldn’t have gone through all of this alone. With Crowley. Why didn’t you tell me? I asked you, more than once. We would have never ended up here if you were honest. Look what the souls have done to you.”
“For sex, huh. Go ahead, Cas. You can use the word around me, I’m an adult. Just can’t give proper consent like one.”
“It’s just milk,” Dean proceeds flatly, “for a whole different bitter coffee,” he bothers to explain. “Bad milk,” he comments upon taking another sip. “Trust me, I’ve tasted it.”
He nods. He understands more than perfectly. Survival lies in invisibility. He can’t tell that for sure, but there’s a strong possibility that once Cas realizes they’re in any way important to him, he’ll gladly use that against him if he ever needs yet another extra incentive regarding pretty much anything.
“This some kind of visual art performance of you making a booty call right now?” Dean blurts because he honestly doesn’t understand what this is about.
Dean’s too preoccupied processing the wording to address the presented issue of how, exactly, he is supposed to understand the demon stealing. Right now, he can’t decide which is worse: the fact that Crowley can make this reference, the fact that he, Dean, recognizes it, or the fact that it can be concluded they both have watched the same porn at some point?
“We did, though? Cause you let us in? Instant multipassport?” It huffs. “We’re the things that go bump in the night, so we went and bumped in the night, big deal. It’s literally in the job description. Can’t blame us for being what we are. Boys will be boys, something, something.” It shrugs. “Just leviathan things, you know. It’s the aesthetic.”
“Not exactly sandwich hungry,” Dean replies without missing a beat but the tremor in the corner of his lips tell Sam that Dean knows just as well that he messed up the entire song, every single note, with plain butter, he just screwed it. “So this will have to do.”
Dean understands, reconsiders and has his whore mouth shut. That apparently is not enough for Cas, who demands:
Did Castiel roughly fist fuck someone else in here when Dean was on a trip in the great plains of nowhere? It doesn’t look like some sorta punishment - those come with the nauseating sense of grandeur and the whole point would be for Dean to se—
Dean has no doubts, they are going to be very long. And productive. He well knows that due to his limitless stamina and greed, Cas is willing and able to get it up many times and just roll, with absolutely no regards to Dean’s puny, human body’s limitations. There comes a moment where he stops being a partner and continues to function only as an oversensitized orifice, which, needless to say, is no fun. Considering his current state of tiredness, Dean thinks this is gonna be his starting point tonight. Yeah, so much to look forward to, so much.
In his head there is a hole, completely blank and void of any hints that could help him figure out what happened. He doesn't know where to start to get answers. Because starting with Castiel, who by the way is also here, being an ugly bitch and stares at him with wide concerned eyes that scream ‘is everything alright?’ definitely too loud and too clear, is not, just not, going to provide any answers he could use.
Death shows up by their bed with a bag of dried apple slices in hand and a truly loathing smile on his face. “Charming,” he throws dryly after taking the situation in, it being a restless, tired-faced Castiel occupying a chair next to a Snow White spread Dean Winchester. Not exactly surprising, but pathetic nonetheless. “Silly, little thing. You had the audacity to bring me here because you broke your chew toy?”
He looks very sad. For the record Dean is still keeping, for all he cares Castiel can go and look sad somewhere else. On Fiji, maybe. Unless it got smote while he was offline again.
“You gonna make me?!” Dean hisses, crossing his arms angrily. “Like the other things you made me do? Where is my freedom of emotions now?”
Namely by shoving the still filthy knuckles of his fist up Dean’s mouth. “Don’t worry if you bite,” Castiel coos. “This is going to sting, baby.”
He disappears with the ugly flutter of those wings of his before Dean can even try to think of a remark.
This was a terrible, terrible idea. Also, it provided an answer to the never really considered question of why Sam repeatedly chooses to keep his mop clown big instead of handing its fate to Dean, who would be more than happy to civilize it once and for all.
The way Dean sees it, this one move has no explanations that wouldn't at base involve the goal of Castiel popping himself nicer, harder, and nastier boners in accord to his eyes and heart’s desires, which no. Plain no, fuck no, and hell no.
“All I'm saying is, Dean, Cas is plotting something he doesn’t want anyone to know about, especially you. But he doesn't leave loose ends behind. We have squat on what he's stealing or why, but it’s safe to make an educated guess it’s old, bad, and not just souvenirs. So if you could kindly keep a more focused eye on—”
Cas gives him a measuring, calculating look. Whatever his fucking options are, in the very end he decides to push Dean gently onto the bed until he’s more or less satisfied with having him pancake splat on his back for some reason. He takes Dean’s hand into his and squeezes.
She rushes towards him and drags him into the room by his sleeve and he goes with zero fight because the only thing he's thinking about is pants. And for once, it isn't about taking them off somebody.
Now he thinks, still laughing, that his final words should actually be “fuck you, Cas.” Somehow, he can’t manage to force them out.
As predicted, a change of scenery occurs at some point. Fluid in the way only not-reality shifts, making it impossible to tackle the exact moment it takes place. It just happens, leaving Castiel with the After. No sign of the Before, he notices upon turning back. There are, however, some shared qualities. Like the fresh air, perhaps even too crisp for normality; like the call of broken sorrow; like his surroundings imitating life. From the outside, the town resembles things that are painted on hospital walls on children’s wards: poor and most likely accidental remixes of van Gogh, hopefully with lots of heart put into them. What Dean put into this - he has no idea. As if in a reaction to the unspoken question, the soul strikes with an answer. For a brief moment, makes him experience fear. But doesn’t elaborate on the why, even though Castiel tries to ask. Accepting that the answer is denied, he concentrates on the call again, on what he longs for so badly. Yellow, hardly rectangle-shaped windows and their incandescent light beckon him towards the crudely painted house with a sign saying “café” painted on it. Fearless and certain, he enters.
Well, there’s shit he needs to investigate soon one way or another, so he’ll deal with that bridge once it hits him in the face. For now, he opens the stupid can. He kinda made a promise, after all.
Promises, promises, something-something, no parsnips. Too bad. Dean can’t help but low key keep counting on pretty not being good enough one day.
The moment he starts to think he can never win this, not even in fifty years from now, is the moment he consigns this planet into death.
Dean’s heard that line before, spoken almost verbatim. At least in this part of the judgment, Cas ain’t wrong. The rest? Debatable. Castiel is just trying to hit his sweetest spots to make him convert. Besides, even if it’s true, it’s not their fault. He can’t blame people for making the right and healthy choices, now can he? But he can’t stand in their defense. Not if he wants them to live to see tomorrow. Nadya was right. The only chance to keep breathing is to remain unnoticed.
Now he thought that he finally had himself sorted out, but he was wrong apparently because once more, in a new context, he doesn’t know
“Or not. Or you can patch that up much later, your funeral,” it shrugs, visibly trying to dislocate Dean’s shoulders, but failing. It gives up, but only to smile cunningly and pursuit something else to annoy Castiel with. “Liked our Easter Egg, by the way? We know Dean did. Couldn’t take his pretty eyes of the damn thing. Neither could you, huh? We’ve been throwing hints like you’re done and you’ve finally got the memo. Quite an accomplishment since you’re really fucking dense. Well, not yours, you’re not the perceptive one, not at all. Seriously should have read your bible and not just wipe your dick and ego with it, angel.”
The pain spreads further up his arm, crawling. It’s like razor blades cutting him from the inside. It does not stop, does not relent. His hand, now aching and trembling, on fire, is still firmly held by Castiel who utters no word and stares at him with something akin to pity. But it’s nothing. Only when the sensation reaches his chest is when the real hell begins. And yes, he can make a comparison. So far he was convinced only a rack of Alastair’s can deliver that kind of abstract pain, but he was clearly so very wrong. It’s so nice that he can find out now.
“Once you’re old enough to carry a purse? Why not. It’s like this big siren that screams I have a purse, purses are for women, so now I’m a woman and you can fuck me.”
He asked Lisa about those in a store, once. For some reason it was the funniest thing he’d seen that day (but maybe he still was just yesterday’s drunk, hard to tell). And Lis being Lis, after explaining these aren’t baby scissors or even gnome scissors, very quickly passed the mental journey from staring at him like he’s an idiot with six eyes to just kind of accepting and embracing it.
“I think we are, yes,” Castiel says and with that, he raises his fingers towards Dean once more, which, no.
“Death is lazy and unskilled. He just put on a useless, temporary wall. What I’m doing goes beyond that. Tell me, Dean. Do you want me to fix him or do you want me to just paint a red fence yellow so it could be done faster? I could wake him up right now. Do you want me to do that just to watch him suffer? Will that satisfy you? Is that what you want?”
“You've lost so much. I know you liked that place so much more than any filthy motel excuse for a kitchen, more than any excuse for a life that you were forced to lead,” Castiel says and Dean has a problem making the connection regarding what secret place he is even talking about. Castiel is very good with exact locations. Unless he doesn’t want to be. Dean’s confused and, frankly, annoyed face unfortunately inspires Castiel to not shut up just yet. “Can't you see I'm doing all of this for you? Before, I wasn't strong enough. And I'm responsible for your losses. Both Sam and that place in Cicero. I have to bring this peace back to you and I'm really trying, but you... What's your problem, Dean?” he asks, gentle but exasperated. Tired, maybe. Definitely disappointed.
Castiel’s says his own family are mostly here in Russia although he now lives and trains in the US.  He tells Dean how much he misses them, but wanted the opportunity to train with his coach, Balthazar, who would only do so out of his home in the US.
When Cas was eating that pie earlier it was downright pornographic. There was something about his perfect mouth that wrapped around every forkful of the dessert, and when he took his first bite of the cherry pie, his eyes fluttered shut as he moaned in pleasure. Dean watched him rapt, loving the way Cas’ tongue darted out and licked a stray spot of cherry filling off the corner of his mouth. Dean had wanted to lay him out right there in the sun and lick the taste of cherry pie from those lips. OK, they were definitely stopping for pie on the way down to Corpus Christi.
“The worst part,” he tells Castiel, “is that he never got to see me play in the pros.  All that work and training and he died before he got to see Sammy and me play together.”
NOTE: This chapter includes references to the short Supernatural – Ghostfacers Meet Castiel.  Because this wasn't in a Supernatural episode, if you haven't watched this, you may want to check it out on YouTube before reading this chapter.
Dean waited patiently for Castiel to continue. Castiel looked up at him, “He would have loved your Impala. He had a taste for nice things. He had a classic car too, an Austin-Healey. He used to say it made him feel like James Bond.” Castiel huffed a small laugh at the memory. “He was born in London and came to America when he was 12, but he still had a love for all things British.”
“I’ll tell you one thing,” Dean grumbles, pointing at Sam, “it’s a damn good thing he was willing to move Baby out here. What the hell was he thinking, putting her in that room? If I had to take her apart to move her, he would be one homeless deity!”
“She died in a house fire,” he said before putting his face in his hands and letting out a soft sob.
“But it’s more than that,” Sam continues, “Our styles complement one another.  I’m tall and have a long reach that I can use to control the puck and feed it to Dean, who has crazy speed and laser sharp aim.  We even developed ways to silently signal to each other on the ice so we can quickly predict the other’s moves.  It just works.”
OK, dear readers, audience participation time.  I’d like your opinion.  When I started this fic, I wanted it to have the feel of a MOTW episode where the hunt is story A and Dean and Cas catching a clue would be story B.  So I have kept it pretty PG-13 so it would feel like something we could see on the CW.  But since this is fanfic and we aren’t limited by ratings, it could go either way.  So tell me… do you want me to keep it PG so it feels like a CW episode or add Dean/Cas first time and increase the rating to M?
“Blah, blah, blah, science gobbledygook, blah, blah,” Dean interrupts. “What a nerd. No, man, I don’t care how it works. Tell me how it felt.”
“C’mon, will you twirl me, Dean?” The little girl begged, squeezing Dean’s cheeks with her chubby little hands.
Shit, he was not about to have one of those share and care moments, though. That was Ellen’s job. He turned to head back into the repair shop, hoping his surrogate son would get his head out of his ass.
Dean knows he doesn’t have much more time and he puts his hand over Cas’, the one still on his chest. “It’s OK, Cas. You did your best. I can go.”
“Alright, listen.  I have to get back to Melody.  Sam, why don’t you take Harry and interview the victims.  Cas, you OK with taking Ed with you to the library and researching this set for violent deaths?”
Dean just tilted his head and took a swig of his beer.  Yeah, Cas did have a way of always coming back.  Every time he thought his friend was dead, he would show up again to shock the hell out of him.  Just thinking about all of those times – Raphael, Lucifer, the Leviathan, Purgatory, Naomi, Crowley, Metatron.  Damn!  Was there anyone that hadn’t tried to kill his friend?
This time it was different. It was soft and passionate, Dean tilting his head as his lips moved against Castiel’s. It felt like nothing Cas had ever experienced, to connect with Dean in this intimate way and to feel the relief of knowing that Dean returned his affections.
He needed to move, to stretch, to feel the pull of his muscles and the warm ache through them that would work the stagnancy from his body. A good workout always cleared the cobwebs from his mind and helped him think better and last night had given him a lot to think about. Castiel only turned on the small lamp on low, providing him with a soft dim light to dance by, and hit play on the stereo, turning the volume down low enough to not disturb Dean. He didn’t really care what music was playing, he wasn’t listening anyway. But the music floated around him and encouraged his body to start moving.
Castiel rolls his eyes.  “I wasn’t playing hockey.  I was just sharing the ice with the hockey team.  It was double-booked and I thought it would be fine.  It was at first.  They stayed on their side and it wasn’t a problem until…”
The reaction is immediate and electric.  Cas feels amazing around him, so hot and tight and Dean rocks gently back and forth deeper with each thrust.  Cas’ breath matches his rhythm and he sucks in a beautiful gasp with each stroke.  And when Dean bottoms out he stops, pauses to simply get lost in the glorious feeling of the other man’s heat surrounding him, the comforting tightness of arms and legs wrapped shamelessly around his body, the sensual scent of Cas and sex and sweat, and the warm feeling of home as he drowns in Cas’ eyes.
Castiel looks at him and tilts his head, squinting while he takes in and processes Dean’s reaction. The hurt and confusion on his face reminds Castiel of how bad he still is at this sometimes.
Castiel smiles, “Dean, there are few people in the world who care for their car as you do. It’s why she has a consciousness to being with. Were you to lock her away in this garage to protect her, her spirit would most likely fade and eventually dissipate altogether. She receives energy and purpose from you and Sam. She feels quite protective of you.”
Dean was finally working his own pants off with one hand and Castiel joined him, looping his thumbs through Dean’s belt loop and pulling off his jeans and boxers once Dean had them unbuttoned.  Castiel began stroking Dean and he hadn’t come from this little contact since high school, but damn, he could now.  But he wanted to be inside Cas, to fill him up, to fit into that grace-shaped hole inside of Cas and cleave their bodies together, let Cas feel his grace through Dean.
He’ll have to forget about Dean Winchester and the flat disappointment that he feels knowing how unrequited his attentions would be.  In the short time that he has known Dean, the man was able to bring out that spark and joy in his skating, or maybe it was just being around his infectious energy.  But he can’t rely on Dean and he certainly can’t let himself be disappointed again.  From now on it’s strictly ice skating and no wasting time with the hockey player who affects him too much.
“No, Meg, it’s fine.  He’s not a concern.  Trust me.  Now, I’m going to go out there complete this program.”
He sighs to himself and decides it’s time to focus on more important matters.  He has his first major competitive skate of these Olympics later today and he has to get his head in the right space.  He knows he needs a near perfect program to beat the extremely tough competition this year.  And, while he is feeling much better about his jumps, he is still concerned about the quad, which requires nothing short of perfect balance to safely land and he has still been feeling an occasional rush of vertigo.
Just as he hit send on the last e-mail of the evening, Dean slid into the booth across from him with a beer in each hand. “Hey there, Sammy, still working?”
“No shit!  A little too close for comfort if you ask me.  Last thing we needed was a bunch of angels walking around down here.”
He fumbles for his belongings as Dean awkwardly deals with the press.  He needs to get away from here, get away from Dean and the hopefulness he brings to Castiel only to have it yanked away again.  Now is not the time for this emotional roller coaster.
Hockey has three 20 minute periods instead of four quarters like many other sports.  This chapter takes place in the third and final period of the game.
“I suppose. I used to like to fly to quiet places where I could think, the top of a mountain, or a secluded bench surrounded by spring flowers in a forest in Canada, or the peaceful heaven of one of the souls resting there. I would watch humans after a tragedy and see how they helped one another, strangers and family alike. And when I truly need to feel closer to my father, I would fly though the tail of a comet or watch a new star being born.”
The next morning Dean woke up disoriented with the soft sound of music playing from somewhere nearby. He was lying on a couch and someone had thrown a blanket over him. He rubbed his eyes and shook his head, looking to find the source of the music. Now he understood why Castiel’s loft had a large unused space, it wasn’t wasted at all. He had his own small dance floor.
“Cas, fuck, feels so good, yes!” Dean came as waves of pleasure crashed over him as he buried his face in Cas’ neck. Dean collapsed beside Cas but continued to nuzzle kisses into the man’s neck, which brought a beautiful satisfied smile to Cas’ face.
It’s then that it starts to make sense that it feels like there’s a hundred pound weight on his chest. It’s Cas and he isn’t moving. “Help me with him, Sam,” Dean asks and tries to nudge the angel awake but he isn’t budging. Sam checks his pulse and nods to Dean and a wave of relief passes through him as he and Sam work to move Cas to the side. He is still out cold through the whole ordeal.
Dean gets to the room and walks straight to the nearest bed, dropping the bags on his way, and crashes face first into the soft pillow.  He is asleep before Sam is done unpacking.
Castiel pulled off and licked a line from the base of his cock to lick the pre-come from the slit. He brought his mouth over just the head, swirling his tongue and applying pressure to the sensitive spot just under the head. Castiel moaned when Dean’s back arched and he sucked in a gasp.
“Wait,” Dean rushes out between heavy breaths, pulling back and holding Castiel’s shoulders, his eyes darting quickly back and forth between Castiel’s.
“And he’s sitting right there. Right across the table from me and I can’t even talk to him. I look at Lucifer and… fuck! I know Cas is in there but Lucifer won’t let him take the wheel and I don’t even know if he’s OK. I mean, Crowley said - ” Dean’s voice breaks and, dammit, he feels a tear wet his cheek. But he coughs and continues, “Crowley said he’s too far gone and I don’t even know what that means. We may never get him back and I can’t sit across the room from the asshole who’s holding him prisoner.”
“Listen,” he told her as he guided her back down to sit on the bed, “the Supernatural books are real.  My name is Dean and that tall guy you met earlier in wardrobe?  He’s my brother Sam.  All the crap in those books? It really happened.”
“While I admire how you take care of Sam, I’m sure he doesn’t blame you.”  Dean watches as Cas’ eyelids lazily blink and every time open a little slower.  He looks like he is about to pass out.  Dean feels pretty close himself.
“You look like shit,” Dean grumbles under his breath. Sam hears it and pointedly ignores his brother as he retreats into the bunker.
Sam, of course, misunderstands. “Dean, we aren’t going to let Amara do anything to you. We’ll find another way.”
Now, he finds himself roaming around the skater’s area, the smell of hairspray and anxiety so thick it nearly chokes him.  Reporters mull around as athletes and coaches huddle in intense strategy sessions and Dean tries to discreetly dodge them all, focused on finding the one man he seeks.
Ellen relayed to Bobby Sam’s stories from their life on the road with John. His biggest regret in life would always be not taking those boys away from John sooner. Neither of them had realized how desperate the boys’ situation had become.
All in all it is a great practice and Dean feels ready for tonight’s game.  As practice winds down, he skates over to Bobby and sits next to him on the bench to discuss game strategy while the others head back to the locker room.  The two put the whiteboard between them and Dean draws out a couple of formation tweeks that he thinks will be beneficial as Bobby looks on and nods his head.
Dean slumps onto the bench after a grueling shift on the ice.  He wipes down his sweat covered face and takes a long drink of water, spitting half of it back out.  Shifting his eyes up to the scoreboard he wonders how they got here.  It’s about half way through the third period and the score is tied at 4-4.
They had just finished their shift at Creamy Cones and Dean was giving Michael a ride home. The sound of Metallica was filling the car as the boys sang along, driving with the windows down to enjoy the warm May evening air. At a stop light, Dean turned to his friend and smiled and to his shock, Michael leaned over and kissed him.
Cas is back. His friend. His brother. And of course, Dean’s -- who knows – sometimes it feels like more than best friend. Those two have been through so much for each other and died for each other and Sam has never forgotten that Cas told him that he and Dean have a profound bond, whatever that means. Regardless, Cas did something he hadn’t seen before. It looked like he took out his own grace. Man, he hopes he’s OK. Dean doesn’t look like he’ll handle another loss well.
“Gold star for the Ken doll.  Yeah, Luc Morningstar.  He was my client for a while and… maybe a little more.  I did everything to help him rise and, well let’s just say we didn’t end our partnership on good terms.  You know what it taught me, though?  Hockey players are no good.”
Sam just huffs and rolls his eyes. Dean knows Sam gets all squirmy and uncomfortable when he jokes about sex. He laughs at his prude of a little brother. The guy gets his share of action but he definitely doesn't share Dean's affinity for lewd jokes and innuendo.
“Wow, you sure can handle a car.” He tried his best to smile at her, feeling his adrenaline levels returning to normal.
“D-did you say d-dig up a grave?”  Melody was shaking and Dean knew he had to get her to calm down.  Thankfully, they were just pulling into the motel parking lot so he turned off the car and walked around to help Melody out of the passenger seat.  He had to unbuckle her and hold both of her hands to guide her into the room where he sat her down on a bed.  When he tried to move away, though, she grabbed onto his jacket and forced him to sit down next to her.
“Dean, I am so sorry you experienced such violence. If this is something you don’t want to talk about, I understand.”
Castiel blinks slowly a few times, studying Dean’s face for longer than he is comfortable with. He wants to look away from the raw intensity of his friend’s stare but he forces himself to hold his eyes, willing Cas to believe him and understand how much he is cared for.
Sam gives him a warning look, “You should probably take it easy with him. I mean he is… God. He’s kind of got a reputation for smiting people who give him shit.”
And finally, finally, Dean gets to indulge in the feeling of being taken care of by someone who loves him. Castiel turns out to be everything he ever dreamed of and more. The angel takes him to bed, and with strong, confident hands, he tears down every one of Dean’s fears. Cas kisses him and kisses him, sometimes deep and passionate, sometimes soft and tender. Cas covers his body in feather light kisses as he whispers words of praise and love into Dean’s skin until he is so covered that the words finally absorb and settle under his skin like a permanent tattoo. Cas touches him in places he had barely dared to think about and he refuses to let Dean feel shame or fear. He completely loses himself in Cas as he lets himself feel joy and pleasure and love, his head thrown back in ecstasy, arms and legs wrapped shamelessly around his angel.
love between humans.  The third part was to capture the grace of an angel… who is in love with a human.  Complete those three tasks and angels will be cast out of heaven to live amongst humans so that love between an angel and a human will no longer be a supernatural occurrence.”
But then there was that one feeling that he really didn’t want to go away.  It could best be described as a warm hum that he would feel throughout his whole body.  The first time he felt it was when Dean had opened the door to the bunker and seen him standing there.  He was afraid that Dean was going to turn him away, but instead, the hunter had taken two large strides forward and pulled him into a tight hug.  The warmth had flooded Castiel, so much so that his knees nearly buckled with the unexpected feeling.  Dean had felt him sway and assumed that it was from exhaustion and hunger and had immediately ushered him into his home for rest and sustenance.
This was a pretty character driven chapter so no hockey except the chapter title of  Fake Out, which is when a player with the puck fools the opponent into thinking they are going to make one play and they end up doing something else.
Dean was the first to break the kiss, leaning back and taking Castiel’s hand after it trailed down the length of his arm. He led his lover to the bedroom and stopped in front of the bed to turn around and face Castiel. His fingers trailed from the corner of his blue eye, around the curve of his jaw and down the front of his neck, until they reached their goal and began working off the man’s tie. Dean’s hands were shaking just the slightest bit with nerves.
“No, don’t. Stay right there,” Castiel breathed and Dean could hear that his voice was low and seductive already.
Shit, thought Dean. He knew this was too good to last. Now that they were done with the car, maybe Cas didn’t want to spend time together any more. Maybe Cas was just pretending to like him all this time to get his help. Damn, he felt like such a sucker!
“Well, what if I’m not satisfied with that? What if you fucking off like that without even giving me a chance to respond was pretty messed up? Cause here’s the thing, Cas.” Dean swallows and takes a large breath, obviously gearing up to say something difficult and important. “You know how you said that I’m, you know, good? Well, man, you need to believe that you are too. Cas, half the time I was only able to stand up and fight because you and Sam believed in me. You, fighting with us and for us… for
Bobby was an old school hockey player who skated alongside of some of the greats.  He can tell stories of games he played with Wayne Gretsky, pranks he played on Mario Lemieux and loves to tell the tale of the day he stopped a Bobby Orr breakaway his rookie year.  Bobby is tough as nails and puts up with absolutely no crap from his players.  Dean is thrilled to have a chance to skate for him.
Castiel tilts his head to the side to give Dean room to explore as his own hand roams up Dean’s arm and slides under his t-shirt to rest on the bare skin of his shoulder, holding the hunter close. “Oh, Dean,” he sighs and the low roughness of his voice sends a thrill of want through Dean. His other hand wraps around the hunter’s waist and caresses down until he cups his ass and pulls, grinding the two men together in a delicious flash of pleasure.
She flashed him a million dollar smile and cocked one eyebrow. “I hear you can work miracles with classic cars. I’ve got a Thunderbird out there that I want restored. And it needs to be finished in time to be displayed at the summer air show. The design of the car should reflect the name of my company, Phoenix Specialty Aircrafts.”
“Dean, two minutes. I need two minutes to talk to you before you do this.” Cas implored his friend with everything he had.
“Dude, I still can’t believe you’ve got an underground gambling ring going on at the high school,” Dean shakes his head fondly at his little brother. “Just don’t get caught or Ellen’s skinning you
Instead he has to hail a cab and tap his foot anxiously on the seat to keep from exploding out of his skin.  When the car drops him off at the entrance, he bursts through the emergency room doors and insists on seeing Sam Winchester immediately.  The language barrier is infuriating as he and the woman behind the desk exchange information through painfully slow bits of comprehension.
Dean slid his hand under the waistband of Cas’ boxers and moaned himself at the hardness that he felt there. Cas was already damp with pre-come and Dean swirled his thumb over his slit, spreading the warmth around the head of Cas’ cock. In one swift movement, Dean pulled down Cas’ boxers, releasing his erection to bob against his stomach. Dean couldn’t take his eyes off the movement and a second later covered it with his mouth.
Dean nodded and looked away, “Yeah, me too…. I’m so fucking tired of reliving shit with my dad and the war in my head when I close my eyes.”
Sam loved that Dean had such a good friend and was always happy when the three of them would spend time together. Michael was always accepting of the fact that Dean let his brother tag along so much. They spent their weekends driving to the lake, enjoying the freedom of fishing and swimming in the fresh water, working at the local ice cream store to make a little extra money, and sneaking into Monster Movie Marathons on Saturday nights. That spring was one of the happiest of Dean’s life. Until the day that all of the looks, smiles, and accidental touches finally made sense.
His life was still separated into silos. There was his family – Sam, Bobby, Ellen and Jo. And then there was Cas. How great would it be to bridge that gap and bring Cas into his family? He wondered what it would be like to have Cas sitting next to him at a family Thanksgiving dinner, knees touching under the table, or curled up together under a blanket on Bobby’s couch drinking spiked eggnog and opening presents Christmas eve. But would Bobby ever accept Cas that way? Would he think less of Dean? He knew he wasn’t ready to face that yet.
When the car drops him off at the entrance, he bursts through the emergency room doors and insists on seeing Sam Winchester immediately.
“Sounds like him,” Dean acknowledges, knowing that his brother is tough and absolutely refuses to ever give in.
“Oh my God!  I am Charlie and I just sent you three out on a mission over a speaker phone.  Kevin, you are officially Bosley.  And you three are now Charlie’s angels!”
… is practically an infant. Her consciousness came into being during your youth and is almost entirely an extension of you… and your brother.”
Dean looks down at her with an expression that Castiel can’t read.  It’s one he hasn’t seen on the man’s face before.
Dean doesn’t respond to this.  He hates the idea of Sam not being able to play at his side.  Nothing feels more right then when he and Sam are in the zone, passing, scoring and kicking ass together.  And he really didn’t like the sound of a neck injury.  Those can be tricky, the thought of a career changing injury is something that is always hanging over professional athletes.
"See you in the morning, Dean," Sam picked up his duffle and walked away from his brother towards the motel's office.
He rests his hands on the steering wheel for a long time before turning the engine over. It gets harder and harder to leave Dean’s side now that they are like this. He knows he’s playing with fire, dancing very close to the edge of the flame and it could be any minute that he gets just close enough to draw the attention of the Empty’s guardian who will take him away from Dean forever.
“Cas, sorry to just barge in like this.  Sam is hurt and there’s reporters everywhere and I didn’t know where to go and…”  Dean finds his words trail off, he doesn’t even know what he’s doing here.  How does he explain why he came to see Cas?  It doesn’t even make sense to him.
“Yeah, Cas,” Dean mumbles, “just go with it. Easier than explaining what Claire’s doing with three dudes.”
As the reality of what happened hit him, he began to shake and his breathing hitched. Sam got up from his side of the booth and silently slid in beside Dean, leaning his head on his older brother’s shoulder. Dean wrapped Sammy in his arms and buried his face in his little brother’s hair. The boys sat for a long time together in the quiet of the diner clinging to each other, each a lifeline for the other. Finally, when they gathered from each other the strength to go back, they headed to their motel room in silence.
“Yeah, he’s gonna flip and I’m not looking forward to be the one to give him this news.  I don’t think he has any qualms about shooting the messenger.”
“You can kiss my grits, Winchester.” Jo said with her best ridiculous southern accent. And with a wink, she headed back to her other tables.
He then looks at Dean with the smallest hint of a smile on his face. “It was the Mark,” he tells him decisively, leaving no room for argument.
Sam had to admit, Metallica did sound better than hobbits.  Who knows what they would have ended up with Charlie’s taste?  “So, wardrobe?  I don’t know anything about that.”
“You two are doing a wonderful job with Claire. She is really quite bright. You should be very proud.”
“I do. But I have learned that even with my grace, I can enjoy physical pleasures with my human body. Hannah taught me that,” the memory of his friend a bittersweet one after her recent betrayal and death.
“Wait, you got drunk and met him at the bar last night?  Shit!  Cas, did you spend the night with him?”
The blonde smiles at Dean and asks, “Excuse me, aren’t you Dean Winchester?  And Sam Winchester?” she adds, turning towards the younger brother.
Dean’s breath catches for a minute because, what is going on?  Cas is a breath away from him and looking at him with such encouragement in those deep blue eyes!  How the hell did he end up in this position?  Hadn’t he sworn to himself he wasn’t going to ever even see Cas again and now he’s practically holding hands with the guy!  He almost pulls back but the hopeful smile on the other man’s face stops him.  “Fine!” he grumbles with an eyeroll.
A very close and loud clap of thunder and lightning pulled them out of their trance and they laughed as they looked at each other and at the same time said, “hotel.”
After a hasty clean-up, they snuck out of the tent to find the rest of their team. They found Pamela, who was leaning against a tree, a beer in one hand, with an orc soldier leaning over her. When she noticed Dean and Castiel she told them, “I’m already dead, blinded by some dark magic spell then stabbed. But I’m totally cool with it because… Benny?” she looked at the orc for confirmation of his name and he nodded, “right, Benny here’s keeping me company. I am pretty sure everyone’s still alive back at base camp, though.” As they took off toward camp, Pamela called out, “Bye, bye, boys. Have fun storming the castle!”
Castiel sighs and lays his head back on the pillow.  Closing his eyes, he reflects on the strange day he has just had.  How he went from a being smacked in the face with a hockey puck to being moved by the beautiful video he had just watched.  The cacophony of emotions that he experienced today is overwhelming and all because of one Dean Winchester.
“OK, Castiel… uh, Cas? We just wanna help. We’ve been there,” his voice softens with the first hint of sincerity Castiel has picked up. “Surviving on dumpster food, whore baths, and quick reflexes. It sucks ass. But, I have a way of finding things and you need things, OK?”
told him that he loved him, but he had done so many other things that all seemed to Castiel like they were born out of love. Maybe, thought Castiel, he was just fooling himself this whole time, seeing love where he wanted to see it. Maybe he was just Interpreting Dean’s actions as love because that’s what he needed. Maybe Dean could never truly give his heart to a man.
“So, Sam,” Becky says with all of the wide eyed reverence of a teenage girl meeting their crush, “You and your brother have almost supernatural chemistry… on the ice.  You are being compared to other great hockey brothers like the Richards or Dennis and Bobby Hull.  Can you tell our readers how this developed?”
“Sam, you shoulda seen Dad when he found me with Michael. Fuck! He was so repulsed and disappointed. Wouldn’t even look at me after that. Y’know, one of the last things he really said to me was that he was glad he busted up my face so no man would want me? He was so disgusted by me. I can’t see that look on Bobby’s face. I just can’t.”
Cas gave a low rumbling huff of a laugh that felt like velvet to Dean. “I guess I imagined a few things myself,” Cas leaned his head back and to the side to meet Dean for a suggestive kiss, “You know, I was attracted to you from the first time you came in for lessons. But it wasn’t just how you looked. That first night, when you took me to the Roadhouse, you saved me. I had been going through the motions of life, just doing what I was supposed to but not really living. Then I met you and you forced me to reevaluate how I had been living and to change that and to seize the moment. I never would have done any of this if it weren’t for you.”
He can feel a grin growing on his face that he doesn’t seem to be able to stop as Cas skates over.  “Hey, man, how’s it going?”
Dean nods, a huge smile spreading across his face under his mask and he walks away with a spring in his step.
Dean finished off the rest of his beer in several long gulps, put down the glass and ran his hand over his face, taking a long breath. When he looked back up at Sam he began slowly, “Fine, Samantha, you win. You want to talk about feelings? There is something. It’s… well…you know I have been –“
By the time the car stops his jeans feel too tight and his clothes feel too warm and his heart rate feels too fast.  His eyes meet Cas’ again and he nearly has to shake himself to clear his mind enough to shove some money at the cab driver and follow Cas out of the back seat.  They manage to make it to Dean’s room and the moment the door is shut behind them Cas’ lips are back on his.
Dean and Sam looked at each other and shared identical eyebrow raises and shoulder shrugs. “Thanks, Ash. Next round’s on me.”
“Slap on your chap stick and pucker up, buttercup.  You and Bela have another appearance to make.  And sell it this time.  I want to see authenticity, passion, devotion.”
The battle was intense and epic and so much freaking fun. Dean ran forward, fighting and slashing, killing orc after orc. He chanced a look around to see how his team was faring. He smiled when he noticed that Sam and Jess were fighting back to back, protecting each other. Sam towered a foot over his fiancé and guarded her fiercely, but Jess was no wilting flower herself, holding off an orc of her own.
“Ha! You need me to feed you the puck. I’m untouchable. Suck it!” Sam smirks but doesn’t take the picture anyway.  Dean isn’t above punching him and he knows it.
And Sam was definitely on the side of equal rights when it came to sexual orientation. He firmly believed that they should be able to serve in the military and marry and be treated with dignity like everyone else. After all, this conformed with his love of the law, to treat everyone by the same concrete set of laws. But now
Leaning forward, he placed a quick kiss and a soft bite on Dean’s shoulder. “Your shoulders carry so much weight. You have been burdened with more than anyone should have to bear alone. I love the strength and grace with which you have done so. Let me shoulder some of that with you.”
Castiel sat stunned, wondering what on earth Dean was up to. Dean shifted nervously on the stage with all eyes in the ballroom focused on him.
That night, Dean awoke to a cold sweat, shaking from the nightmare. Castiel immediately pulled his lover into his arms whispering comforting words until his breathing had returned to normal. “Dean, will you tell me?”
Dean thought for a moment then nodded and placed a quick kiss on Castiel’s lips before standing up and offering his hand to help his partner up. Castiel took his hand and stood up, a breath away from Dean when the man asked him, “How about that one you were doing when I came in last night? It was seriously sexy.” Dean grinned and waggled his eyebrows at him.
Dean Winchester is thrilled to be the best man at his little brother’s wedding. That is until Sam tells him that Jess has insisted they take dance lessons for the reception. But when Dean meets the dance instructor, Castiel Krushnic, his world gets turned upside down. The men discover that they are both Afghanistan war vets who are dealing with the aftermath of their individual experiences there. These two broken ex-soldiers embark on a project that will help them both face their past and teach them that together they can heal those wounds. This is the story of overcoming trauma, finding love, and facing fears and all of it set to great music.
Two weeks had gone by when Sam pulled up to the studio just as he was closing the doors for the evening.
Castiel squinted and tilted his head trying to figure out what the girl meant, “What do you mean, feelings?”
“Cas, you’re going to have to stop that now or I’m going to end up defiling your kitchen,” Dean quipped.
And now he had confirmation that Cas wasn’t just coming back out of some sense of duty, he really did love Dean.  Metatron’s spell wouldn’t have worked otherwise.  Dean had always known there was something between them.  Castiel had once called it a profound bond.  But he was always able to write it off, telling himself that Cas was his guardian and that’s all.  He also knew that he had been lying to himself.  He thought he first realized that there was more to this friendship when he picked up Cas’ soaked trench coat out of that reservoir.  The loss had felt deeper than just a friend and Dean had been struggling to understand that feeling ever since.
He expects Cas to pull his hand back, to turn around and leave him standing alone in his room. But instead, against everything his mind is telling him, Cas stays where he is. He tilts his head a bit but he doesn’t pull his hand back. Instead, he slowly slides it down to Dean’s neck.
“It’s not you, like everything about you, just that he’s kind of… private like you and he likes the outdoors, which I just assumed about you based on the selfies you post. But the beekeeper thing? That’s all me,” he tells Dean with a sheepish grin.
The men found a perfect rhythm together as their bodies moved, Dean thrusting and pounding against Castiel’s prostate, sharing waves of pleasure until he could feel the tension coil in Cas’ body and revel in his erratic breaths and repeated moans of, “Dean, Dean, yes, there, more Dean!”  And when Castiel came, muscles clenching tightly around Dean, he too was pulled over the edge as he let himself go, floating in the intense ecstasy of his orgasm.
As he thought about Dean, he looked around and wondered where the man had wondered off to. He had handed to Faith to Bobby a few minutes ago and disappeared. Castiel hoped he was at the bar getting drinks. He was ready for a refill. Then he heard a familiar voice come over the loud speakers.
He brought his hands to his face pressing into his eyes with his wrists, hoping the pressure would help clear his head. He felt the familiar panic rising in his chest, the tingling in his limbs, buzzing in his head. Shit, not another anxiety attack!
After a moment, Dean sniffs as he pulls back presses his fingers into his eyes, “Shit, Sam’s going to think we got lost in here.”
Meghan slammed her hand back into Castiel’s chest screaming, “Mine, mine, mine,” into his head so loudly that he was afraid his head would explode from the pressure.  He squeezed his eyes shut and dug his knuckles into his temples.  Meghan was squeezing the life from him again and he could feel his insides begin to vibrate and burn with her fury.  Castiel’s hands fell as he lost all strength, but he just managed to pry his eyes open and search the hallway lethargically for Dean, stopping only once he locked onto the man’s green eyes and held them for all he was worth.  Dean nearly vomited as he heard a horrible gurgle come from Cas’ throat as he tried to gasp for air.
The nickname surprised Castiel. He had always used his full name, with the exception of an occasional Cassie from Balthazar, which he didn’t really like. It felt intimate but somehow right that Dean would call him Cas. He spared a sad smile for his new friend.
Plus Bobby, it turns out, is a terrific coach.  He calls the three men to the bench and shows them yet another formation that he has scribbled down on his hand held whiteboard.  Dean likes this one.  It starts in the neutral zone with a fake out pass to Sam before he starts what looks like a breakaway then does a drop pass to Victor at the last second who sinks it in behind the goalie from the left.
“I kind of promised my friend Jo I’d go see her snowboarding competition and with Sam laid up in the hospital I could use some company.  What do you say?”
Cas just tilts his head and gives Dean one of the stupid knowing looks of his.  “Do you really want to do that, Dean?”
Dean takes time out from staring at Cas to give Sam a death stare. “Dude just let us think he was gone forever. That’s not cool.”
And just when Dean is about to catch on and become an active participant in the kiss the lips are gone, leaving only the cold wind against his now wet mouth.  Castiel breaks the kiss, pulling back, hands still lingering on Dean’s face for a moment before they fly to his own mouth and his eyes go wide.
“Gross, guys! That’s my teacher you are talking about,” Claire winces and turns, stomping off to anywhere but here.
Castiel let the chorus carry him around the room, stretching, leaping and clawing at some emotion, his pain written plainly on his face. With the last note of the song, he did a final pirouette, ending it abruptly on outstretched flat feet, a hard stance contrasting with the fluidity of the dance. Then he fell forward onto his knees, his hands coming up to cover his dipped face as he let out a thick sob.
.  He stands up and grabs his coat but stops.  What right does he have to intrude?  He isn’t family, has no affiliation with the US hockey team or Sam Winchester, and certainly wouldn’t be allowed in the locker areas to find his friend.  Besides, he doesn’t even know if Dean will have to stay at the arena or if he will head straight to the hospital to see Sam.  He paces back and forth in his room, feeling like a caged animal not knowing what to do with all of this anxiety and energy.
“Tell him, he is ze best skater here.  Zat is easy part.  He should forget scores, forget judges, forget audience.  Skate for
One very long hot shower later, Castiel now finds himself sitting in a little café with a large mug of black coffee and a delicious looking pastry in front of him.  The coffee is delicious as it warms, comforts, and wakens him.  And he can feel his hangover ebbing as his mind slowly clears.  Finally, he can relax.
The iconic first notes of the Star Wars theme blast over the speakers and Castiel is off.  He talks himself through every step in his head – left, right, turn, hands, kick, spin, jump.  One by one he skates through his elements, calculating points earned in his head – triple axel landed perfectly 8.5 points, flying camel spin into a sit spin 5.2 points, triple flip triple salchow combination 10 points.  Sometimes Castiel feels like a calculator, trading artistry for math.  But this is how the system works.
Castiel remembered that Dean had taught him that he may need to lie to get information so he decided to try to answer the librarian in ways that would encourage her help.  “Yes, I work there.”
Castiel tossed the washcloth into the hamper and curled up next to Dean, his back to Dean’s chest, pulling the soft covers up to their chins. Both men were happier at this moment than they could ever remember being before. They fell asleep with Dean pressing light kisses to the back of Cas’ neck.
“Another round courtesy of the hotties at the bar.” It was Jo with a tray full of shots that she put down on the table then slid onto the booth next to Sam, nudging him over with her hip. She put her feet up on the booth next to Dean and downed one of the shots. Seriously? This was like some bad rom-com, thought Sam.
“Dean, you know you can talk to me… or Sam or Bobby or a professional. Just please, talk to someone. This is hurting you and I hate it.” Castiel wound his hands up Dean’s neck and into the hair behind his ears and pulled their foreheads together.
“And how about you?” Castiel takes a drink of his beer and asks Dean, “Did you want to go to school?”
He has to be closer to them, needs to feel Cas’ deep gaze so he surges up, slotting their bodies together, cocks sliding silkily against one another as he strokes the dark stubble of his jaw and whispers Cas’ name, letting those eyes tear him apart.  Their foreheads are touching as he takes in Cas’ beautiful eyes as their breath mingles between them.  Cas lets go of his hand and reaches between them, stroking their lengths together and immense pleasure builds from the base of Dean’s spine, rolling out to every cell of his body.
“I’m grateful for what you did for me when I was a kid, I am.  But that shit stops now.  All decisions, and I mean all, go through me.  You’re not the puppet master here anymore.  This Pinocchio’s a real boy now.”
“There isn’t anything you can do.  We should leave him to the doctors.”  Sam looks like he is going to start leaving the ice but Dean stays put.
And when he heard Cas let out a soft whimper, his body reacted with its own memory and he groaned, “Cas, we need to take this somewhere else or Sam’s neighbors are going to be traumatized by what I do to you next.”
Thankfully, though, Josie was happy with the results and they headed back to Dean’s office to settle accounts. Once there, Dean gripped the side of his desk and took a huge drink of water to calm his nerves before sitting down.
She gives him a little nonchalant shrug and grabs a strawberry out of his fruit salad.  It surprises him and kind of warms him at the same time that she is forward and comfortable enough to share his food.  “My father is the head neurologist for the US Olympic medical staff.  I convinced him to put me on the team, told him I wanted to go into sports medicine.  Plus, never underestimate the power of a little nepotism,” she giggles.  “OK, my turn… why hockey?”
“I’m fine, feel great actually.  Kicked Lucifer’s ass after he fucked with Sam.  Last I saw his ass was flat laid out on the ice.”
Castiel had gathered his own clothes into a pile on his lap, awkwardly fumbling through them, slowly dressing himself.
“He’s recovering.  A couple broken bones and a neck injury they’re still working on but he’s awake and macking on the hot nurses which is a good sign.”
“Yes… chiropractor,” groaned Ed and Harry dramatically picked up his shovel and put it back in his partner’s hand.
Dean blinks at Cas stupidly before he realizes his jaw may or may not be hanging open.  He coughs and shakes his head clear of the inappropriate thoughts he was just having of Cas dressed like Han Solo. “So… um… does that mean you can compete?”
Did that little weasel Gabriel play a trick on him? What the hell?! Dean is pissed and disappointed and is about to turn around and tell the fan that he knocked on the wrong door when the guy speaks.
He listened to Dean talk about this surrogate family and was able to lose himself in the rhythm the man’s speech, the deep rumble of his voice, the animation in his face, the little lines at the corners of his eyes when he smiled. He found himself absorbed, surrounded by the intoxicating essence of Dean Winchester.
“That blonde has been undressing you with her eyes all night, Sam. Don’t worry, I told her that you were completely off the market, but Dean, the pretty Asian girl wanted to buy this round anyway because she has her eye on you.”
How could he be so careless?  Sam was hurt last night and now the sun’s actually coming up and he isn’t at his brother’s side.  He must be wondering where Dean is.  He’s got an apology all ready but when he gets to Sam’s room he stops outside the door.  There is laughter coming from inside the room, Sam’s and a woman’s.
“No, Sam, you don’t understand. I almost killed him. I had his blade in my hand. I had him pinned and I was going to use it. I
By the time Sam and Ed arrived back at the motel, Dean was fuming.  He had tried calling Castiel several times and couldn’t get the fallen angel to pick up the phone.  Sam took one look at his brother and knew something was wrong.  Dean was like a band pulled too tight, ready to snap at any moment.  Sam approached his brother cautiously, knowing his brother’s body language.  Dean was ready to blow.
When Sam returns to the room, Dean is sitting on his bed, back against the headboard with his eyes closed and his earbuds in. Sam can just make out the sounds of Zeppelin that is playing a bit too loud into his brother's ears. Sam shuts the door and the sound of it makes Dean flinch, eyes flying wide open as he meets his brother's.
Castiel just smiles at him in a way that really has Dean worried.  “OK, Winchester, your turn.  I played your game, now let’s see you play mine.  You’re going to do a jump.”
Dean takes in a huge gulp of air, breathing it back out through his nose as his mouth opens a couple of times to say something that never escapes his lips. Finally, he begins, "Listen, Sam, it's not the kind of thing you tell your little brother. You weren't even old enough to drive when everything with Benny went down."
Dean tenses at the question, not sure how to answer.  Cas must sense Dean’s hesitation and pulls back, meeting Dean’s eyes.  Cas is looking at him… no into him as he tilts his head and squints.  God, he’s intense!
"Here," Sam's voice finally interrupted the quiet after their second beer.  Dean looked at his brother's hand as he held it out.
Dean turns away and drags a hand over his face, “Shit, Cas, you don’t deserve to deal with my crap.”
The wedding was beautiful and touching and Sam and Jess looked like they were walking on cloud nine. At the reception, when it was time for the first dance, Castiel stood up in the back of the hall to get a full view of his students. He was so proud of how well Sam and Jess danced to
Dean stretched a hand down to help Castiel up and the two men stood eye to eye for a long breath. A slow smile began to paint its way across Castiel’s face.
Ed mumbled something under his breath about angels being dicks and pouted the rest of the way to the library.
Dean sought out Castiel’s face over the crowd and they locked eyes as the song played. Dean mouthed the words as he stared at Castiel.
When Dean couldn’t hold back an longer, he stepped forward and grabbed Cas by the elbow growling through his teeth that he needed to talk to him… in private.  Castiel just nodded and followed Dean over to the side, leaving Sam to deal with Nick and the three stunned Ghostfacers.
Sam was smart and observant and knew a lot more about Dean and John than Dean ever realized. He shared with Ellen what Dean kept secret and she had fallen asleep crying in Bobby’s arms the night Sam revealed what Dean never would; that the bruise on his big brother’s face was put there by John because Dean loved a boy named Michael. So Bobby knew that Dean wasn’t quite as straight as he played it, but was pretty sure that boy was so emotionally constipated it would take something apocalyptic to make him face his feelings.
There was the time that she hid Dean’s keys under her seat when she knew that he was in no condition to drive. It was just after Sam had left for Stanford and she could feel his usual sharp, alert mind was sluggish, angry, and erratic after spending hours in a bar. She did let him have his keys back, but only after a few hours of cradling him safely in her backseat while he slept it off.
“Hey, Sam, I, uh… got some of the angel tablet translated.  And I thought I should talk to you before I tell Dean what it says.”
He had nothing to offer, and yet, here Cas was, with him.  The first thing Cas had done after losing his grace was to seek out Dean.  Cas trusted him and needed him.  But love?
Dean nods and falls into silence.  He knows that Sam isn’t going to like the idea of sitting out a game.  The kid is stubborn as can be and one seriously dedicated player.  He never misses a game or complains about injuries.  He’s a hockey player.  He comes from a legacy of men who take a puck to the face, yank out a broken tooth or two, and jump back onto the ice the next shift.  His heroes are players who refused x-rays on broken legs so that they wouldn’t have to sit out games and scored winning goals with full on concussions.  The phrase “hockey tough” means something to Sam and Dean and he knows it’s probably going to be a fight to get Sam to agree to sit out.
“Look, I don’t know what happened to you, but you’re right about Luc.  He’s a complete tool.  That doesn’t mean we’re all like that.”
“Hmmmm,” Cas tilts his head and pauses, thinking about how to explain this, “I suppose that children’s story could be a loose approximation of this phenomenon. However, in this case it wasn’t caused by a fairie. Fairies are generally not magnanimous and would most likely be offended at the idea of being used to grant wishes for toys. Animism is a better way to explain your car’s spirit.”
“Never!  I know what he’s like and I don’t do one night stands.  Besides, I happen to know for a fact that he’s straight.”
Castiel presses once more, both for dominance and for good measure. Seeing how it gets completely ignored and deciding that the human body gets close to giving in, he lets go. His hand feels too empty and too idle in an annoying way. Itches for punching things until they listen. These things don’t.
. Knee-jerk reaction of his heart, is all. The rest of him doesn’t even feel anything at all – it just wants the blade and to some extent perceives his brother as an agent of not letting him have it. This causes a foam of anger to gather in the endless sea of his stomach, but it’s still and unruffled. Idle. The only thing in movement is the throb of pain in the innards of his not entirely dead chest, started by the sight of the sad, broken and hopeless thing that Sam’s face is because of him.
“No,” comes a confused syllable. They’re inside of him. Of course Dean heard. “I’m Dean Smith,” he deadpans. Looking from in between his fingers, Castiel sees a salesman’s smile. All thirty two teeth and two tons of charm. “And you?” Dean asks with the same wise curiosity he presented at first. Like it matters. Like it’s a test of some sort.
Castiel stares at Dean in hopeless anger and has the word ‘had’ ringing in his head. “Dean,” he mutters almost voicelessly, betrayed.
And he fears for her, more than ever, and he doesn’t know why. He bites the inside of his mouth til it numbs him, he composes his wrath and elegantly places it within the crevices of his body, like legos.
And he wants - he demands - his name back. No, this isn’t how things are to be, this needs to be fixed.
While Castiel is happily occupied bustling around the little chest of drawers in the corner and prepares his heavenly surprise, Dean takes his seat with caution and inspects the sore thumb of a deal with much more scrutiny and suspicion than any phone should probably inspire. Looking at it, Dean wonders if it's going to ring any moment now because the nineties will call and demand their rightful belonging back. It has a cord, for fucks sake.
“You wouldn’t get it if you simply cooperated instead of being purposely unbearable. Clearly, you wanted a reaction from me. You got one. Are you satisfied with the result of your experiment?”
Dean stays put for more or less eight seconds before he decides to fuck it. Well, not really in any meaningful way because his situation can’t be changed with any amount of fucking anything. He can’t run. He just doesn’t want to stand here like a doof anymore. Stand and wait. Like a dog, like a pet. Dean decides to make it back to the church because at least he knows the way there. And it’s probably less chilly inside.
He doesn’t know which one of them Dean is welcoming with so much fire as he pushes Castiel closer and traps with his strong calves and hungry hands, but for their own good, he hopes it’s him. He doesn’t have a proof. He never knew if Dean wanted him like he wanted all these women, all the other bodies. He’s desperate to find out. Even more desperate to make Dean need him in a whole new and fully carnal way.
Castiel comes nearer and nearer and, only at the edge of the bed, he stops; his concerned, soft eyes weighing Dean in carefully. Like he’s having a Good Day and wants to be Considerate or something.
He goes back to the room, determined to get some answers even though he knows he’s not going to like them. As he stands next to the bed and is about to reach out to Cas who clearly pretends to be asleep, he feels something in his belly stir.
“It seems like I have to take care of something urgent, now that your friends brought it to my attention,” Castiel says, ignoring Dean’s nearly physical form of seething. “Try not to collide with anything and drive your options safely while I’m gone, alright?”
Castiel has heard enough. He grabs the leviathans by the collar of Dean’s dress and lifts them effortlessly, only to fly away with them without a word of warning. He throws them on the floor, this time stone and cold. They have mauled Dean’s face enough, anyway. Any pretenses about being delicate are futile. There’s a lot of healing and memory rearranging he will need to do soon one way or the other.
His accusations make no sense and they’re unjust but Castiel can’t deny his hand felt something more but the innocent, welcoming warmth of Dean’s thigh. His precious dove’s body has been touched, hurt. Has been accessed, even though only Castiel bears any and all right to keep and reshape it. He’s earned this well, beyond dispute, after all the sacrifices that paved the way to fulfilling his claim. It’s just not possible that someone not only dared but has also touched.
“It’s a health bomb in a bowl, kid. Puts you back on your feet in no time, magic killing all the crap that bed-ties you and you feel so much better,” he explains as he sits down and stares at the control panel, wondering if he should take it for a spin, just for the sake of raising Castiel’s electricity bill at this point. Because of spite and nothing else. Maybe if Dean won’t take Castiel out of the game, capitalism will.
“Fine,” Castiel placates. “You’ll show me the unfathomable and world-changing depths of your nagging. All the nagging there is and more. Later,” he groans tiredly. “Now I want you to focus. Can you do that for me?” he asks politely.
“We spent eons just staring at, mind you, completely inedible trees and we’ve never before seen anything this insipid.”
“I’m sorry. What I’ve done was wrong. I was being desperate. Now I understand. And I can’t do this to you. I’m so sorry for doing this to you in the first place, Dean.”
“So, was it lighter than a feather? Can I enter the underworld now, Barky? Can I get a driving license? Some ice cream?”
“Okay,” Dean gives up and with a substantial amount of anger and determination, he shimmies his legs out of confinement and gets onto re-folding.
There’s also the problem that for rather obvious reasons, he’s never had the pleasure of having vaginal sex as the recipient. Finding out what it’s like is most likely gonna be at least weird. But then again, it’s what women do all the time and they don’t complain.
“What am I going to get out of this? Dean, all I want is for you to be happy and I know you will find happiness like this. You just don’t see it yet, but I don’t blame you. You’re scared of everything now. This will pass. You’ll learn to accept and learn to love, eventually. You’ll do fine. You have taken care of Sam well, you made me proud.”
,” he snarls in a mocking tone, seething inside. “The rules were clear. I go, you fix Sam. I go, I help you make the right calls. Were that the terms, Cas?”
“Would you like to watch the sunset today? We’re near the sea. You would love the sight,” Castiel asks unexpectedly.
Dean decides it’s time to man up, grab the soap and think of England. As he lathers the bar in his hands, he closes his eyes. Nowhere it says he needs to actually see on what kind of a body he’s operating. Feeling it under the touch is mind-scorching enough. So it goes (and god, he really doesn’t like the fragrance of this soap). Thorough, deliberate and sharp with his movements because he needs to be clean, because he hates himself. He slows down at his chest to not have his lousy, swollen excuse for tits (apparently it would be a waste of luxury to shape him into a Victoria’s Secret model) hurt even more than they already do. Same with his aching abdomen, the space where his junk should be, his thighs--
He is saved by Jack, who stumbles back into the library, his jacket on the wrong side and one of his shoes open.
And now he’s here, laying on his back, with these stupid boxes in his mind that are forcing him to pay attention to them and that stupid urge to go back into the kitchen, to wrap his arms around his best friend again and bury his head on his shoulder. Or maybe Cas could get into his room, sit next to him like he does when they’re watching a movie sometimes and Dean could lay his head on his lap and Cas could play with his hair or…
The hand in his neck applies pressure and Dean follows willingly. He already knows what’s coming before Cas presses their mouths together and he awaits him with parted lips.
“Fuck off, bitch.”, Dean grumbles and pushes his plate away. He’s not hungry anymore, “Nothing’s going on. And nothing is different. Me and Cas are as peachy as ever.”
