“Don’t start Sammy, you know High School was never for me” Dean interrupted. They had had the same argument ever since Dean had told Sammy that he was officially dropping out.  Sam, however, was not about to drop the topic and was gearing up to continue the old argument with his brother when Dean started the car, turning the music all the way up as he did so. The noise retelling the windows.
started playing.
“We have to be careful when we climb if you wanna see the farm I almost fell the first time! OH! We could pretend we’re Batman and Robin spying on the Riddler or The Penguin” Dean said excitedly as he pulled himself up onto the next branch, hardly pausing for breath in between words. Cas had no idea who these characters were.
“Yeah because we all know how trustworthy dad’s word is” Sam huffed clearly annoyed.
“He was spreading lies! In a classroom! Is this what America has come to? Cas you agree. Right?” Ash turned to face him. Even though Cas strongly believed in facts, Mr Bellaron was not one to take lightly to having his authority questioned. “You need to pass Poli. sci. If you want to graduate this year and I doubt 'being on a watch list' is all that fun” he replied using air quotes around, 'watchlist', earning an eye roll from the other boy. "Traitor" He muttered but dropped the matter.
https://bevcooks.com/2014/02/pork-chop-casserole/
“What’s wrong with her?” Bobby asked, coming up next to Dean. Ignoring how flustered the teen was, for which he was grateful.
The early October morning was only just crawling over the misty mountains. The first rays of the sun break through the mist and dance on the surface of the lake. Castiel wrapped the knitted blanket tighter around himself as a shield against the lingering frost of the night. From where he was sitting on the pier he could hear a bird calling out to the rest of its flock somewhere in the surrounding woods, its sad song echoing over the water. Autumn had yet to convince the trees to shake their leaves, but the nightly frost had coloured them in a range of bright reds and yellows creating a strong contrast against the still pale sky and dark mountains.
Cas had no idea what to do or why Dean was so mad, he had always been taught that if good people die they go to Heaven where they’re happier than they were on earth. Cas looked up at Dean, the carefree mischievous glint in his eyes was gone, replaced by something much harder. Dean wiped away his tears in annoyance, before turning around in a huff and walking down the hill leaving Cas on the ground.
It was thanks to Ellen’s searching gaze that Dean found himself outside in the salvage yard, where he had sought refuge from inside the house. The afternoon sun was burning the back of his neck where he was hunched over the open hood of the Impala. There had been a rattling sound when he dropped Sam off the school earlier, he might as well get a look at the problem as his job hunt was going as well as one might expect for a 17-year-old high school drop out in a small town, where teenagers got jobs based on how well the business owners knew them.
“You kidding?  Martini, shaken not stirred? James Bond” He was just met with what was becoming Cas’ signature frowns “You’ve never seen James Bond?”
“Yes and DUH. What better way to infiltrate them than giving them no other choice than to invite me in,”  Ash said confidently. Both Jo and Charlie looked at him with their mouths open, about to say something, but neither did.
“You’ve changed,” He said, studying Dean’s face. “ You’re cocky now. Don’t think that’s who you’re though” Cas shrugged.
Dean was wiping down the bar, having already cleaned the nozzles of the beer taps while Pam was cashing out the till. The bar was cast in deep shadows the only lights still on in the restaurant hung above the bar; Dean saw his reflection in the big windows, where the bright neon sign now read 'Closed'. The  Music had already been turned off so they worked in comfortable silence. He really liked Pam, she had an air of authority about her that instantly grabbed your attention, but still managed to come off as laid back. Dean had seen her throw out enough bikers to know that she wasn’t to be messed with when it came down to it.
“Don’t tell Pam, she’s awfully precious about her liquor license” Benny had come up to lean against the wooden bar next to Dean gesturing to the beer in Dean’s hand. Dean huffed a laugh “It’ll be our secret”
Once he rounded the hallway into the sunflower yellow kitchen he instantly spotted who the laughter belonged to. Leaning against the counter was a boy, about his age, wearing an oversized leather jacket laughing at something the lanky teen, with shaggy brown hair, next to him had said.
“Do you two know each other or sum?” Ash asked looking between the two.
“You ready?” Dean asked when he saw Sammy look out at the house sceptically. Neither of them had seen Bobby since they left. Sammy said he didn’t remember the man at all, and all Dean could recall was a man in a dirty baseball cap.
exist.
“These are the greatest hits of the mullet rock” Jo whined backing up her friend. “Nothing wrong with a mullet!” Ash piped in from where he was sitting on the worn two-seater orange couch. Dean had been at a loss for words while the girls picked apart his music taste, saw his opportunity to change the subject.
As the night went on they’d split into smaller groups. Jo and Charlie were dancing if you could call it that Jo was mainly busy holding Charlie upright. Dean was sitting around the coffee table with Ash and Cas playing Egyptian Ratscrew, Cas had been unbeatable for the last two games (“it’s a game of speed, I’m assuming the alcohol is having an effect on your reflexes” Cas had said with an almost smile and a shrug. Smug bastard.) They had just dealt out the cards for another game when Ash let it slip Jo had a crush on Dean. Before he could react Jo heaved Charlie onto the couch and went to the kitchen to grab her a glass of water, making Charlie drink it. Returning back to the kitchen for one of her own.
The food was fantastic. Sammy had ordered a Shrimp Étouffée and Dean a Po’Boy Sandwich with extra fries from a dark-haired waitress, her name-tag had read ‘Pam’
***********
“That’s kinda hot, good on your kiddo” Dean clicked their beers together, giving her a wink, Charlie looked relieved. Turning back Dean caught Cas’ eyes, an unreadable expression on his face, before looking down at his clasped hands in his lap.
“I have wondered, ever since Charlie-” he cut himself off before continuing, “you said that higher education wasn’t for you. What do you want to do in the future?” Cas, mercifully, had turned away from him picking up the rag again.
“MY MOM IS DEAD! CAS SHE’S DEAD!” Cas flinched when Dean started yelling, his voice breaking when he started to cry again. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean hugging him close. He felt Dean’s arms come up to hug him back, face buried in his neck.
Even after they went back to school in September the boys would see each other every Saturday as Castiel had to spend Sundays attending mass. Then it happened in the very last week of September. Every single detail of that afternoon was permanently branded into Dean, a scar that would never heal.
Cas visibly deflated, “You’re right Dean. It’s” he took a deep breath. ''It's complicated. My whole life I’ve tried to please my family and my whole life they’ve told me I don’t fit. That I’m the square peg, in the round hole. So if following what they want on this one thing will make me fit, then that’s what I’ll do. Of course, there are things I want, but it’s pointless to wish for things I can never have.”
He stuck his fork through an overcooked piece of pork, chewing it quietly on the admittedly bland piece of meat (He had only had salt and pepper as far as seasoning went). After they had finished eating Sam had rushed off again to meet Maddy (His totally-not-girlfriend. Girlfriend) leaving Dean and Cas to do the dishes.
He opened his mouth to decline the offer again, but instead, he heard himself say: “Thank you, I would appreciate it”
“Take your brother outside as fast as you can! Go to the neighbours and call the police” Mary urged Dean where he stood frozen staring at his mom struggling with the stranger. He had started crying as well but did as he was told. Halfway down the stairs, he heard an ear-splitting bang from the upstairs room. Dean wasn’t sure if it was he who screamed or not, but it made him clutch his wailing brother closer to his chest and run faster, to get out of the house as fast as possible.
“John Winchester is moving back into Town?” Charlie asked, suddenly interested in the conversation. "That's a ballsy move"
“Aw Sammy, Any specific reason you ask?” Dean gave his brother a teasing grin, who just blushed harder. “H-Her name is Madison. We study together...sometimes she joins me and Barry for lunch” Dean was surprised the heat from his cheeks didn’t set his shaggy hair on fire.
When no new case updates came, the town moved on as if nothing had happened comforted by the illusion once again that nothing bad could ever happen to them. Everyone assumed their daily routines. Cas no longer went to the Oak. Life simply rolled on. Ten years passed bringing new people into town with them came new routines, over time these new people became old people with mundane routines. Nothing ever changed, but at the same time, everything did.
It took Dean a second to gain his composure.
“Care to join me or are you just gonna stand there?” He said without opening his eyes. Cas contemplated just continuing his run. Instead, he sat down next to Dean with a sigh leaving a foot space between them, ignoring the smirk tugging at the corners of Dean’s mouth.
“Uh-huh. Yeah, no that’s not really tempting.” Dean paused “Hey why don’t you guys just come here?”  His suggestion earned a questioning look from Sam who was only hearing one side of the conversation. “Great. It’s number 42, see you then” He hung up the phone turning to face his brother who was giving him his ‘what-the-hell-dean’ look.
“Huh?”
Cas rolled out the dough over a pie tin, pressing it down and pinching the edges. The song now playing was
“Let her” He winked, trying to cover up getting startled with overconfidence. He only got an amused look in reply.
It was almost two hours later that they finally made it to Jo’s. They had stopped by the Gas-n-Sip to get snacks for later and when they walked through the centre of the town Charlie had spotted the new Marvel X-men comic in the window of The Comic Center and insisted they went in. “Come on! Rogue is hot!” To which Ash had rolled his eyes and Jo had just crooked an eyebrow, but they both had followed the redhead into the shop anyway.
Charlie laughed at that. Ash had a tendency of ending up in detention every-other-day ever since middle school. According to him, it was his way of sticking it to the man and raising a little anarchy.
As soon as they had walked in through the doors and Ellen saw Sam she had ushered him into the kitchen so she could ice his bruised cheek. Dean, after standing awkwardly in the doorway to the kitchen watching as the blonde woman tended to his brother, slipped into the bathroom to wash up. Bobby’s warning, still fresh on his mind. If he had seen correctly there was a pie cooling on the counter for dessert, and no way was he risking being denied pie just because he had some motor oil under his fingernails.
The spray of warm water hit his back, the water pressure too low to help relax his tense shoulders. Cas turned the tap further left, the small bathroom filling with warm steam, he massaged the meat of his shoulder trying to force the knots out without much success.  With a sigh, he grabbed for the body wash bottle, the red -50% sticker peeling off.  It smelled of the woods and citrus and Dean.
Dean looked over at Cas who was giving him a confused look. “Why would you shake or stir a can of coke? That is a terrible idea”
With a sigh Cas stands up, grabbing on to the blanket to stop it from sliding down his shoulders. The Sun has now risen above the mountain peaks, still warm enough to defrost the ground as a reminder that summer was not quite ready to let go just yet. Cas turns his back to the lake and heads back to the cabin. Emma was going to visit later that evening so Cas was planning on baking her Dean's special, a blueberry and raspberry pie. He had ensured he had all the ingredients on his last trip into town. The town was nearly unrecognisable compared to the town he remembered running through age 7 in a hurry to get to the now gone Oka tree, had it fallen in an autumn storm or had it been cut down?
“Well with or without Dr. Jones the Nazis find the Ark, open it, and die”  He cleared his throat, turning to press the eject button on the remote. The VHS player ejected the tape with a click.
“If you did, you’d know that’s no longer a thing” He whispered, before standing back up leaving her personal space.  “We could pretend it’s last night on earth,” He said low enough so the other three sitting in the living room, pretending they weren’t ears dropping, couldn’t hear him.
“No. My knowledge of pop culture is… limited” Cas turned to look out the window, his face reflected in the glass
The rest of the afternoon and evening was a blur. A lot of people had gathered in the street in front of their house. The police had closed off their house with yellow tape. The ambulance people had come and carried out a black bag. When it got dark outside the blue and red lights from the cop cars flashed on the walls of Ms Ackers small kitchen, mocking Dean. His Coco stood abandoned on the kitchen table, the tiny marshmallows had turned into mush ages ago.
“So, Jo, what new?” He leaned against the counter next to the blonde offering her his best come-hither look. She turned to face him with narrow eyes.
A special thank you to @moepowe on TikTok for helping me proofread and edit!
I'm not even gonna apologize for taking so long to update, I know I'm a disgrace that is unable to stick to self-set deadlines. (I'll never say what I intended my schedule to be like, I'll not publicize my shortcomings.)
Dean was quiet for a long time staring into the distance, before letting go of Cas’ hand. Dean tightened his fist at his sides, his whole body going stiff. “My mom is dead,” Dean said in such a quiet whisper Cas wasn’t sure he had heard him right.
Please leave kudos if you enjoyed it and comment with anything you'd like. Any feedback helps me a lot :)
“Take your brother and run!” Mary’s voice firm through the obvious fear, whether it was for herself or for her boys was unclear. “Dean NOW!” She commanded, urging Dean to action. He ran in, scooped a crying Sammy into his lap and bolted for the door again. The intruder made a move for Dean, but Mary tackled him to the floor before he had the chance to wrap his outstretched fingers around Dean.
“It’s not Healthy! You can’t just keep it in. I can tell it’s bothering you!” Sam had begged him.
exist until you got there. How many students before him had sat under the fluorescent lights listening to the buzz around them? How many after him?
Blink once and it was Halloween, blink once more and a month had gone by. November had brought with it the early onset of winter, evident by the frost clinging to the windshield of the Impala in the mornings and the number of bent bumpers Dean had had to straighten out for customers caught by surprise by the slippery roads.
They would still go out to the Oak a lot, once Dean had managed to sneak his dad’s knife with him. John would kill him if he knew Dean had taken his knife. They used it to carve their names into the trunk of the tree, while Cas told Dean all about Angels and how REAL Angels were terrifying warriors of God, how they didn’t look like people but actually had six eyes, eight wings and their bodies were spinning iron rods. They could smite a Knight of Hell with a single blow. Dean had been thoroughly impressed (“That’s so friggin cool! I always thought Angels were these guys in dresses playing the harp!”)
Cas told Dean about his family and how he had four siblings, three older brothers and one younger sister, whom he loved very much and about how he didn’t really get along with his brothers, except for Gabriel who could be a load of fun when he wasn’t pulling his pranks on Cas. Cas even told Dean how they didn’t own a TV. This had blown Dean’s mind, not owning a TV as apparently extremely weird ('What is all your furniture pointed at?").
“It was enjoyable, however, Jones plays no part in the outcome of the movie” The look on Dean’s face fell. “What do you mean?” The end credits had stopped and the TV showed the standard blue standby screen. The light highlighting his straight nose, high cheekbones, and the curvature of his upper lip, his lashes casting a shadow on his cheek. Cas found it harder and harder to look away from the other teen.
“Huh? Attempting to reinforce it and hopefully, it’ll last until I can find a replacement” he scratched the back of his sunburnt neck feeling uncomfortable under the mechanics questioning gaze.
“Huh? Yeah sure- who’s Jessie” Dean smirks spotting the Jessie 4-ever heart tattoo on Pam’s lower back.  She stood up adjusting her bag on her shoulder
“Do you mind?” Dean’s voice brought Cas out of his trance.
“Yeah, well. I just pointed out what an embarrassing defeat the Vietnam war was and how the moon landing was funded by public funds, making it a socialist program, and how praising the victory in the space race as a capitalistic win was false and full of government propaganda! Oh man, the only difference between us and the USSR is that they left dogs up there. I bet we did worse, not that our government would admit I Besides the Soviets beat us to actual space, so if space was the goal they won!  So obviously his grand act of revenge was to send me to the office for dress code violation” Ash said around a mouthful of tater tots. They all groaned in response.
He’s glad he didn’t as soon as Ellen brings out an Apple pie for dessert. Ellen must have seen the excitement on his face as she cuts him a bigger slice than anyone else. If he moans around the first forkful he won’t ever admit it. It’s then that Bobby informs them he received a phone call from John, he had organised for Sam and Dean to move into their own trailer in the trailer park on the edge of the town in two weeks. Dean felt a surge of relief, no matter how grateful he was for the Singer’s hospitality and Bobby offering him a job he could not wait until it was just him and Sammy again, the way it had always been. A quick look at his brother, however, he could tell Sam wasn’t as enthused by the idea. His expression had grown dark, he quickly thanked  Ellen for dinner and hurried out of the warm kitchen. There was a short silence, broken by Dean grabbing his plate of pie and hurries after Sam muttering an apology to Ellen.
Digging through the cupboards above the sink, he found two packs of tea and a tub of honey. He put two mugs of water into the microwave, stopping it right before the ‘beep’ so he didn’t wake Sam. Dropping a bag of Earl Gery into each mug, grabbed both the tea and his jacket and headed out.
Teens would go out to the old farm when they wanted to drink, smoke or hook up as not even the cops bothered to head out there on a regular basis. It had laid abandoned ever since Mr Harkness had passed away eight years ago, weeds and small woodland animals quickly taking it over.
“DEAN!” Cas saw a blonde woman in a white summer dress run towards them, tripping up the hill.
“I’d have them stay here were it up to me” Bobby sighed
Dean’s face split into a huge grin.  “Good to see you again, man!” Dean said patting Cas’ shoulder, a nod and a slight smile were all Cas could muster in response.
The springs of the old mattress were digging into Dean’s ribs making it impossible to get comfortable. He had laid awake for god knows how long,  alternating staring at the ceiling and at the walls lined with old books. The whole study was so full of books all of them did not fit on the shelves but were stacked on all and every available surface. He glanced up at Sam who still laid on the sofa bed with his back towards the room. He had only huffed in response when Dean had asked him if he was okay.
“Without him, they would have had the medallion and dug in the right place, to begin with,” Cas frowned.
************
“My-” Cas frowned down at his bare legs, but Dean interrupted him before he could finish his thought.
“-and head to the old pig farm” Jo, who was smothering her fries in Ketchup finished, just as Castiel put down his tray of questionable cafeteria quesadillas opposite her.  It was only the end of the first week of their senior year at Oak High. Having missed the start of the conversation, Cas started poking at his lunch with a plastic knife waiting for his friends to finish up.
“Lisshen Bitches!” She slurred “I’ve im-imprnant thing to shay” she straightened her back, making herself look taller. She cleared her throat rising her beer bottle higher as if holding a speech. “I’m a  Les binian. A labina” she frowned, at her own slurred words.
He had only read a few chapters before the timer went off, he set the pie to the side to cool off. Emma would arrive in a few hours, leaving him enough time to take a short nap. (why don't they warn you about how exhausting getting old was?)
“Awesome! I’ll grab you a towel, you can shower as soon as Rapunzel gets out.” Dean said, clapping his hands together.
“Y-yes, ma'am” he managed after he collected himself.
Once he had gotten used to the dark-haired teen's intensity, he discovered Cas was one of few people he’d most like to spend time with. Cas’ blunt way of talking was refreshing and even though he was a bit of a weirdo, he was funny and reliable. Not that Dean had had a lot of experience with having close friends, but had come to think of Cas as one of the best ones he had ever had.
“Uh, no. It’s- if you take a left after the hardware store, it’s the last house on the right.” Cas directed.
Dean had only ever heard adults talk as formally as this kid did and what kind of name was Castiel? Dean had never heard of it before “Castiel” Dean tried the name on this tongue, but it felt weird in his mouth. “I think I’ll call you Cas for short. I’m Dean btw”.
Again a slight warning for references to self-harm, self-worth issues and under-age drinking.
***************
“They are your oldest brothers right?” Dean flopped down on the orange sofa, throwing his feet up on the coffee table.
Dean must have made a noise as the next thing he knew was Ellen calling him into the kitchen.
A special thank you to @moepowe on TikTok for helping me proofread and edit!
“He promised we’d get to stay in one place until you finish High School” Dean tried to keep his voice low so as not to wake the rest of the household.
Harkness was an old grumpy man living on the outskirts of town, all the kids were terrified of him. Jesse Turner had told Dean that Mr Harkness had killed his wife and fed her to the pigs, but when Dean had repeated the story to his mom asking if he, too, would be fed to the pigs if the farmer caught him, Mary had reassured him that Jesse had an overactive imagination and Dean shouldn’t believe everything that boy said. She had followed up by saying that if a soul tried to hurt her baby boy she would feed THEM to the pigs.
all of him. Looking at him with the most piercing blue eyes Dean had ever seen. The look made him feel naked in a way he’d never felt before.
“ Is she cute?” Dean asked sneaking a forkful of shrimp and rice from Sammy’s plate.
“Now let’s finish the dishes so we can pop the corn and then, you’ll need to get ready to have your mind blown by the cinematic masterpiece that is Indiana Jones and Raiders of the Lost Ark”
Two days later they had to return to their house to pack their bags, they were to stay at Bobby’s for a while. John left Sammy to wait in the car and had Dean come to pack his own bags. Dean had stood frozen in front of Sammy’s room, staring at the large dark stain on the white carpet. It looked like someone had split a can of paint but didn't bother to clean it up. That’s where his mother had died. He had no idea how long he had stood there, staring at the stain, its shape forever burned into his mind, before his dad found him.
They had no idea how long they had sat there, in their tree, but the sun had started to sink down below the tree line when they were interrupted by a panicked woman shouting.
They talked more about Sammy’s school and Dean told him about the garage and Rufus Bobby’s other mechanic who would go on and on about his time in ‘Nam painting disturbingly vivid pictures. By the time they exited the restaurant it was pouring down. They made a run for groceries, getting some basic food items, and a bunch of Kraft Dinners. They made another pit stop at Gas-n-Sip for gas and Dean took the opportunity to stock up on Marlboro’s, a six-pack beer, and a bottle of Wild Turkey.
Sam burst through the door just as Dean pulled the dish out of the oven. “Dean!” Sam squealed, filing his school bag onto the raggedy couch, his cheeks red from the cold, eyes shining with excitement. “ Imma go to college! My English teacher thinks I’ve got a real shot at getting into an Ivy league one!”
“Me?”
Sammy is laying on the sofa bed in the study with his back to the door ignoring Dean as he enters. Dean knows there’s no talking to Sam when he’s in one of his moods. Regardless, he sits down on the edge of the sofa bed next to Sam and finishes his pie hoping Sam will cave and say what’s on his mind. He finally gets up with a sigh when it looks like Sam is going to hold his position and isn’t going to say anything.
“Dean, perfect you can help me with the dishes” Ellen slipped out of Bobby’s arms, the shuffling must have been him moving across the kitchen to wrap his wife in an embrace. Ellen turned towards the skin, already filled with soapy water, not waiting to see if he would listen to her or not. Bobby clapped Dean on the shoulder on his way out. Dean grabbed the dish towel and started drying the dishes Ellen handed him.
A special thank you to @moepowe on TikTok for helping me proofread and edit!
“It’s not like that. It’s just intense when I’m the only one living at home, Anna is still in Europe so mother focuses on me more than usual that's all”
Dean froze. He knew Sam was a genius, of course, the kid had what it took to go to college, it had been the whole point in letting Sam only attend one HIgh School. However, Dean hadn’t thought about what would happen once he graduated. Of course, Sam had bigger dreams than to stick around forever. Dean had no idea what he would do after Sam was gone. Rejoin their dad on the wild goose chase to find their mom’s killer? Work for Bobby?
Sammy had fallen asleep on the sofa in the living room, the stress of the day knocking him out cold. Dean envied Sammy, he wasn't sure if he would ever be able to sleep again. John had been in earlier to check on his sons, terrified they were hurt. Once he had realised they were both unharmed he had asked if Ms Acker could look after them for a little longer. John was a police officer itching to join the manhunt for the monster that had killed his wife.
“Hmmh” was the only response his half-asleep brain could muster up.
“You OK closing up? I’ll be in the office filling in the reports” She asks over her shoulder from where she was squatting, digging for her office keys in her bag.
Dean spent his morning taking apart the RV heat pump, hoping to find what was wrong with it while Sam had his face buried in a Spanish textbook. It was past noon when Dean came back in rubbing his face, he could probably fix the unit himself had he had the right parts. He took a quick shower to warm up as rain from the morning hadn’t let up before he and Sammy headed to the restaurant. It was a hole-in-the-wall type of palace, but the furbishing was cozy with mismatched furniture and picnic tablecloths on the tables.
The Panels last week still hunt me. I love it and missed the actors so it was great to see them talking supernatural again, but are we just going to ignore how blatantly they ignored everything to do with 15x18? Not just the confession scene but the way the avoided talking about Cas all together? Yes? Okay.  Only in SPN will we continue being gaslit after the show is off the air, any other show would milk the queer representation dry. Cuz let's face it we'd throw a ridiculous amount of money at any canon Destiel content and merch.
He vaguely acknowledged the front door opening, he poured the cream of mushroom over the dish before putting the whole thing in the oven. “
He had politely refused, the cabin was his home, it was where he had lived and it would be where he died. The stubborn look his daughter had shot his way after he told her so, was so identical to her other dad it had made Cas laugh and kiss her forehead as he had done so many times her growing up.
Sam had pouted the whole way to the library, refusing to look at Dean. Fine by him. After dropping his brother off he had driven around without a destination the music loud enough to hurt his ears. Somehow he had ended up in front of their old house. The once white house had been painted a pale blue the people who lived there now must have kids. There was a pink tricycle in the driveway and a doll-stroller on the lawn.
“So how about you?” He interrupted quickly, desperate to change the subject.
Cas waited to cross the damp lawn until he could no longer hear the low rumble of the Impala. The arrival of Dean Winchester had brought with it the winds of change, it was either a new beginning or a forest fire burning what he knew to the ground.
It had been years since he last had had that specific nightmare. It made his skin crawl, and he itched to punch something. The last time he had had a nightmare about their mom he had gone out and punched a lamp-post outside their motel room, breaking his index and middle finger. The pain had been sobering, making him feel grounded in reality helping him to shake loose from the clammy grip of the dream. The look on Sammy’s face, when he bandaged his hand, had instantly brought him crashing down making him feel even worse. Sam had made him promise to not do anything so stupid again, a promise he was trying to keep.
The next few weeks felt like a dream. John had come back late at night to take them to Uncle Bobby’s after an unsuccessful mission to track down the man. He had simply disappeared like black smoke out of the chimney.
They had barely made it through the door when the house phone rang. “Winchester” Sam picked up. “Huh? Yeah, he’s here” Sam held out the receiver to Dean “It’s a Castiel Novak.”
Jo snorted “In detention, he got caught in the computer lab again. I’ll ask him when I see him in history.”
“Do you wanna come up here with me? I can try and show you a murderous pig farm” Dean climbed down further offering his hand down to pull the odd boy up into the tree with him. The dark-haired boy hesitated at first but evidently decided to trust Dean as a warm hand grabbed on to his allowing Dean to pull the other up next to him. The catechism disregarded on the ground.
“From what I remember, people were saying that John kind of snapped after the murder of his wife. He then took Dean and Sam and bolted out of town. Some say HE was the one that killed her!” Charlie had closed LoTR. to relay the decade-old gossip to Jo. "It makes perfect sense he was an Officer, who better to cover up a murder? And the way he rushed out of town, I don't know a lot of people found it suspicious" Ash filled in.
“You hate the government” Cas pointed out at the same time as Charlie asked: “You think you’re smart enough?”
This chapter is mainly my attempt to give Dean some characterisation. Please let me know if you think I'm going terribly south in my characterisation, I'm trying to keep it as canon as possible, you know just without the constant murder.
“Bitch, as I was saying no 13yo girl spends her lunch breaks with two nerdy guys over her friends unless she’s interested, trust me, take her to a movie or something. If you’d run a  brush through your hair, even your ugly mug cleans up nice” He takes a massive bite out of his sandwich. “Just ask her, she won’t say no. Trust me” he mumbles around his mouthful.
“Dean-”
“That’s where you are wrong
started playing, which was met with a chorus of “suck it up” from the girls and “ I quite enjoy Shania Twain” from Cas.
Cas remembered the rumours. Parents hadn’t been able to shield their children from the rumour mill that had erupted after the murder of Mary Winchester, the only murder to happen in their town in the past 30 years. The rumours had died years ago, but Cas doubted John would be a welcomed character were he to move back, at the very least it would start up the rumours again. Cas looked over at Sam, wondering exactly what he, and Dean had been up to in the last ten years. Cas thought back to the night Dean had joined them at the bonfire, had he been the same golden boy from Cas’ childhood?
Dean interrupted him again. “Do you mind if I smoke?” He held up a pack of red Marlboro.
“I’m in” Charlie managed to say around her mouth full of hamburger.
“Will dad be moving in with us?” Sam’s voice sounded loud in the quiet house.
Dean followed Cas’ directions until he pulled up in front of a green postcolonial with a manicured lawn. The house was a dark silhouette against the night sky.
“You want me to work for you?” Dean was stunned. Working with cars was something he was good at, but never considered pursuing it, never believing he was good enough to actually make money from it.
“What if she doesn’t like me back? I’m the new weirdo kid who lives in a trailer with his brother” Sam stirs his food with his fork.
“Yeah, tea”  Dean’s voice was still flat, bring the mug to his lips regardless
“You want to climb a tree?”
Their living room/kitchen was freezing, meaning the heating must be broken. Oh, fucking fantastic another thing he’d have to add to his to-do list. The trailer’s previous tenants hadn’t cared one way or another, leaving Dean with a laundry list of things to fix before the winter months. Dean grabbed his leather jacket and stepped outside, sitting down on the front steps to smoke. The slight drizzle was a perfect fit for his mood. The hit of nicotine and the chilly night air did little to help shake the last bits of the nightmare still digging into him like a splinter.
(See the end of the chapter for
Exactly one week later John Winchester had his Impala packed with minimal belongings, his sons in the backseat. None of them said anything as they pulled out of their driveway and drove out of town.
Jo just gives him a pointed look but doesn’t say anything else. Perhaps, the reason Jo’s words and the idea of rebellion made him bristle was due to it going against everything he had been raised. To follow rules and live up to expectations his family had of him, and he knows he’ll never be able to fulfil the number one expectation and wish his mother had for him. He knows he won’t ever be able to have children and get married. Let alone marry a girl like Deacon Bartholomew's daughter, or anyone for that matter, not as long as he was- well as long as he was who he was. Michael had once said he was bent, a square peg in a round hole.
“Okay sweetie, follow me no one’s taking your brother away. Carry him to my house you both look like you could use some hot cocoa” Ms Acker said softly, leading Dean towards her house.
Having spent the afternoon caring for his car, Dean was left in an excellent mood and was excited to tell Sammy about his new job, knowing his brother would approve. Too many times before had he been met with Sam’s sad and judgemental look when he had come home late at night after having hustled by passing truck drivers at a pool in whatever town and bar they themselves happened to be living in at the time. At least that’s where Dean told Sam the money came from.
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie handed him one walking over to the old stereo player “Do you mind?” she asked as she was flipping through Dean’s small stack of cassette tapes and an even smaller stack of CDs next to a stereo that had been left behind by the previous tenants.  Jo materialized next to her, looking over the redhead’s shoulder.
“Yeah, my dad taught me a few things, I had to know how to take care of my Baby” He tried to cover up, how startled he was by the light-hearted tone in his voice failing miserably.
“That’s so weird” But as soon as Dean had said it he regretted it. The boy looked away, his tiny shoulders tense, he had obviously been hurt by what Dean said.
That being said, I do not have a beta reader, so mistakes are all on my dyslexic self.
“So are the Riddler and The Penguin the bad guys?”
“You know what, if this was Pool, I’d wipe the floor with you” Dean threw his cards on the table after having lost the last round. Cas just looked at him collecting the cards back into a deck "Takin into consideration I've never played that is most likely, but what is your excuse?" Dean just glared at Cas at that. (Still not pouting, nope not at all)
“Self-respect is overrated” He whispered back, at which Jo laughed.
With a sigh, he poured the berry filling into the crust, before sticking the whole thing into the preheated oven. Setting a timer for 40min, he sat down in their living room with the book he had found at a flea market:
“I wanna climb this tree, come on Cas. Old times sake.” Dean offered him a hand to pull him up from the ground. “I’ll let you be Batman,” he winked. This time Cas was the one to laugh.
“I guess,” Sam mumbled, not convinced on the freak part. His childhood wasn't exactly  The-All-American apple-pie life, he was convinced most of the other kids at the school had had.
“Nothing right about them either” He plastered on his best cocky smile referring to Ash’s mullet.
Despite the increase in fender bender accidents. Bobby hadn’t been able to increase Dean’s hours, so he had put in more time bartending at the Cajun place to pay for a new heater for the trailer. No matter how often he fixed it, it’d break again in a week, and with the nights dropping to the low 20’s it was too cold without a functioning heater. He and Sam had to eat breakfast in their coats three times in the past few weeks.
“I’m sorry to interrupt, but Charlie is falling asleep and needs to be taken home” They both looked up to see Cas, who looked like he’d rather be anywhere else.
Dean didn’t know what to say, he just stared at Cas' mouth open waiting for words to come out. So Dean did what he did best. He went on the defensive and since a good offense was the best defense... “Oh yeah? How about you Cas? Huh? You’re letting your family dictate your entire life. Going to the college of their choosing, going after the career they chose for you. Stones and glass-houses Cas. Why don’t you choose for yourself huh? What do YOU want”
***********
“I hope that’s OK? Michale and Lucien came home early for Thanksgiving and the atmosphere is….tense.” Cas sighed, at which Dean crooked an eyebrow. He wiped his hands on his jeans, moving past Cas into the living room.
of his feet hitting the pavement in time with his breaths made it easy to slip into the runner's trance, where the only thing in focus was the steady ground and the road ahead. Cas loved it. It allowed him to completely empty his mind, he didn’t even listen to music while he ran. Jo called him psychotic for it, he in return would give her the definition of psychotic, which would only earn him en eye roll.
“Someone else's gain” She winks, turning around heading towards the back office “Bye Dean” She waved at him over her shoulder while walking away.
Once at the farm, they headed to the logs behind the main house, someone had dragged them there as a makeshift campsite. The weeds were almost elbow-high, but the path to the campsite was well trampled zigzagging around rocks and long since disregarded wheelbarrows and other rusting scrap metal. Every single wall of all the buildings was covered in graffiti, from actual elegant works of art of sunflower fields to random “wuz here” tags and penises in the elegant form of self-expression only known to graffiti artists. Part of the charm of the farm was how it felt like time had forgotten the place existed, packed its bags in the '80s never to return again.
“It’s all a part of God’s plan, she’s in a better place, she’s happy now”
“Huh?” Cas looked up at his blonde friend confused. (How Jo got away with wearing crop tops without being dressed coded was a mystery.)
“SCREW YOU CAS!" Dean was still crying but his voice was steady "I HATE YOUR STUPID GOD!" Dean stopped to swallow his tears "HE TOOK MY MOM! I HATE GOD AND-" Dean paused to catch himself "-I HATE YOU!” Dean’s arms shook while he stood there yelling at Cas.
“Dean-”
, he knew his habit of staring at people tended to make them uncomfortable. “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to-”
“Is she the reason why you’ve been basically living at the library?” Dean cocks his eyebrow at his brother “So why haven’t you asked her out yet?”
“W-what?” Cas blinked, confused. His best friend was leaving, that couldn’t be right. “No, that can’t be right. I can get my mom to come to talk to yours, she will convince her to stay here” Cas continued. Not wanting to believe he was going to lose his only friend.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas’ gestured for Dean to go right ahead, who lit the cigarette taking a deep breath, ashing on the ground next to him. Cas frowned, noticing all the cigarette butts littering the ground around Dean, he must have been sitting here for a while.
“Where do you think you are going” Speak of the devil and he shall appear. Cas didn’t bother with a reply. Shooting Zachariah a pointed look, he adjusted his running shorts and IcePeak sweatshirt, left behind by Gabriel. He stepped around the older man, who was now blocking the front door.
“Meeting at mine after school and heading to the old pig farm, are you in?” She repeated, reaching over and stealing another ketchup packet from Charlie, who quickly swatted her hand away
EDIT 17.3 *** Sorry I have just gone over this chapter again. I must have updated the wrong version as I was being v careful fixing the errors in this chapter.  The amount of mistakes I had to fix is embarrassing! No telling if I got them all, but a fair bit***
Dean threw the cigarette butt on the ground and grabbed a new one, his last one. Shit. He didn’t realize he smoked almost a pack yesterday, he probably would’ve, hadn’t Cas not showed up. He had come close to telling Cas was eating at him. Dean blamed it on nostalgia, but Cas did have something about him, the way he looked at Dean made him feel like the dude could read his mind. It made Dean uneasy in a whole different kind of way than when Ellen was giving him a scrutinizing look. She was looking for something, searching for a weakness or a flaw. Cas, however, seemed to just
“If you want to. The pay is shit, but it’s something” Bobby said now leisurely leaning against the car sipping a beer he must have had with him this whole time.
“Don’t you think I know that? But they aren’t- John Winchester isn’t the type of man to accept charity” Bobby’s voice tired making him sound a lot older than his 42 years. Dean’s grip on the plate tightened.
“Mom?” He called up feeling small and scared as he walked up the steps passing their family photos hung on the blue wall.
“Just an observation”
“Medical school. Wow, Cas, that’s impressive. Didn’t peg you for an MD” Dean took his place on the floor next to Cas smiling at him their keens brushing against each other.
A ‘Help Wanted’ in the window advertising a bartender job.
Please leave kudos if you enjoyed it and comment with anything you'd like. Any feedback helps me a lot :)
“What did you do?” Charlie and Jo asked in unison, voicing Cas’ suspicions out loud.
“Of course you do, someone had to get all the smarts in the family” He smiled brightly at his brother, ignoring Cas’ eyes burning the back of his head. “Now sit down, I made dinner”
“I just- Dean I don’t want him to show up and up demand, we follow him to god knows where!” Sam’s voice rose the more he talked
“We better start heading back before Ellen sends out a search party again.” Charlie finally said standing up stretching her legs. The fire had almost completely died and without the warmth, from the fire, the nightly dew was gripping at their clothes making the chilly night air feel a lot colder than it was.
“Dean?” Cas spoke into the dark, only getting an ‘Mmmmh’  in response. “Thank you for letting me stay here” As nervous as the idea of sleeping next to Dean made him, he was eternally grateful he hadn’t had to go home tonight. Dean must’ve heard something in his voice, as he turned around to face Cas.
Dean grimaced at the thought of falling from this height. He had broken his arm last summer after climbing on to the roof of the shed in their back garden. He had wanted to show 3-year-old Sammy the birds nest in the gutter. He was just about to reach down to help Sammy onto the ladder when John had come running out shouting at him as if he was trying to get his brother killed. Dean had been startled by the sudden noise making him lose his own balance, falling and landing on his wrist. It had been kind of cool to show up at school the next day with his cast, everyone wanted to sign it making him feel like a rock star. Charlie even gave him a kiss on the cheek, she was really cool, at least for a girl.
“I got it out of your cupboard” Dean hummed into his drink at Cas’ statement. “Yeah- hmm. I got it for you. You said you preferred this crap over coffee. The honey is a nice touch” The big gulp he takes must burn his throat.
“Castiel, as long as you live under my roof I expect you to show me some respect and answer my questions. Do I need to have a conversation with Naomi?” Zach’s tone was as condescending as ever.
“You haven’t changed much have you, Cas? You still talk in that - in that way you talk” Cas had been told this multiple times and it was more often than not intended as an insult. “ No offence. Just an observation it’s who you’re Cas nothing wrong with that” Dean continued with a smirk patting Cas on the shoulder. There was no malice in his words, Cas was no good at reading people and often got it wrong unintentionally insulting them, but something about Dean made Cas feel at ease.
Dean had never seen the look on Cas’ face. He looked tired and defeated at once, his shoulders slumping and his grip around the towel tight enough to turn his knuckles white. Dean clasped his hands around Cas' shoulder. Not knowing what to say. “Well for what it’s worth I think you should do what you want, Screw your family and what they think” Cas gave him a sad smile in return.
Sorry, it's taken me so long to update! I had some major writer's block. I do have a semi-plan of what needs to happen it's filling in the gaps that sometimes has me blocked.
“All set Sammy, you’re now fully registered at Oak Ridge High: a place to reach your full potential.” Dean mock quoted the banner that had been hanging in the foyer.  Sam, who had started looking through the papers in the folder as soon as Dean had handed them to him, glanced up.
Dean hadn’t been fully convinced, which is why he had taken the opportunity to sneak out while Mary was putting baby Sammy down for a nap. He simply had to see for himself. The Oak was just down the road from his house on the tallest hill in town and was perfect for climbing with thick, sturdy branches spreading out evenly around the trunk, but once he had climbed as high as he dared ( which was impressively high even if he said it himself) and had started to edge himself away from the trunk of the tree, the branches had swayed dangerously in the light breeze, almost making him lose his balance and fall to the ground.
“No, NO don’t touch Sammy. NO” Dean was full-on crying now holding his brother tighter to his chest, the idea of letting his brother go made panic swell in him. A hysterical Sammy clinging to his neck did little to ease Dean's panic.
“NIghtmares? You get them often?” Cas asks after he’s sure Dean isn’t going to say anything more. The other just shrugged. “Does it matter?”
“I’ll drive you guys to your car,” Dean said grabbing his keys “Can she walk?” He looked at Charlie who made a whiny ‘noooooo’ sound when Ash tried to stand up. Dean and Ash had to support Charlie between them to get her into the Impala. She pulled Ash with her into the back seat, Jo sat down on her other side petting her hair. Cas rode shotgun with Dean. He checked his rearview mirror to make sure Charlie was okay before putting his car in drive.  He noticed an unopened can of coke rolling around on the floor, next to Cas’ feet. It must have fallen out of their shopping bags earlier. He reached for it handing it back to Jo.
They managed to climb higher than Dean had on his own but they failed to see the farm regardless. The leaves were way too thick and branches too narrow for one, let alone two boys walk or sit on. Instead, they had climbed down to the lower branches and just sat there. Dean was explaining all about Batman (a gazillionaire, with a dead mum and dad who wore a mask and fought crime with the help of his butler and Robin) to Cas. Then all about Star Trek (apparently it was way better than Star Wars and set in space), all about transformers (cars turning into robots, which was friggin amazing!) and even about something called the muppets and the two best friends on there called Bert and Ernie (a show for babies like Sammy, Dean’s brother). Cas could sit there and listen to Dean forever, the way he spoke about the things he loved, especially Sammy made him light up making Cas feel like he was sitting next to sunshine.
I finally figured out how to format text on Ao3! yay me *dancing lady emoji*
Cas had no idea of what to do so he said the same thing his father had told him when his Grandmother had died.
“Charlie?” The redhead, too engrossed with her book to have paid any attention to her surroundings completely ignored the question.
School had just gotten out when they arrived to pick his documents, Sam had opted to wait in the car he was always the new kid so he knew all the students would’ve been giving him funny looks and whispering behind him. He should’ve been used to it by now, having attended 9 middle schools but it still sucked and he had wanted to postpone all the staring until Monday.
As the night progressed, the five teens roasted their smores, passed around the few joints Ash had brought and finished the variety of snacks of pixie stixs, gushers and Bugles. Dean had fallen right into their little posse, he and Charlie had gotten into a debate over Star Wars vs Star Trek which had gone around in circles until Jo called them both nerds and quickly changed the topic before they had the chance to start again. Ash managed to go on a rant about one of his conspiracy theories, something about the CIA conducting chemical interrogation tactics, dousing people with a truth serum and mind control. The response had been a collective groan from everyone, except Dean who had looked amused and stated how all the anti-government patches on Ash's jean jacket now made sense.
“What? You were the one who told me to ‘fit in’ or some emotional bull like that, so here I’m making friends” Dean said defensively, ready to argue if Sam decided to give him grief.
“You serious? You don’t know who Batman is?” Cas shook his head no. His parents didn’t allow him to read or watch anything that might entice him with the Devil.
“Char” Jo tried again, nothing
“I promised dad I’d take care of you after he agreed to let you finish High School in one place, and I will” It had been Sam’s idea to convince John to let him attend one school. The kid was a genius and Dean would be damned to Hell if he let Sam turn out like him. A 17yo drop out with a rap sheet. No, Sammy wouldn’t turn out like him, not on his watch.
“Jeesh Cas, don’t sneak up on a man like that” Dean settled back against the tree.
“You must be Dean, I’m Benny. A pleasure to meet you” The man, Benny, (
“I should get going” Cas sighed, but he didn't make a move to get up from the couch.
Bed-sharing and nightmares. Dean's self-loathing.
“If anyone was home, maybe.” Cas huffed. Had his mom and step-father been home he wouldn’t have been able to join them at all this afternoon as his friends weren't, 'the kind of people the Novaks associated with'  as his mother liked to remind him. Cas took a small amount of joy form the fact that it annoyed his step-father to no end that his mother still referred to them as Novak instead of Adler after him.
“If it’s working” he winked “ And to your other question, I don’t kiss and tell” He smirked around his beer, trying to exude false confidence.
“Why would you say that, of course, it isn’t your fault” Cas looks at Dean aghast. Dean’s laugh is humorless “It is. I was late that day. Dad had gone out looking for me. Had I just gone home-”
“That’s- No. They were digging in the wrong place cus he had the medallion!”
“They are not bug fa-" Cas cut's himself of  "I love it, thank you Jo” Cas smiles genuinely this time, instantly groaning grabbing the bridge of his nose as he felt another stab of pain shoot through his brain.
kinds of thoughts were not who he was.
Cas was humming along to the
Dean blinked, he had never met someone willingly reading that stuff. The few times his mother managed to drag their family to church Dean would hide his Game Boy in the pocket of the itchy blue cardigan his mother insisted he wore. He’d then hunch down at a bottom of a pew so he could play during the sermon.
“Dean, please. It’s the 10th anniversary of mom’s death, you need to talk about it!” Sam used his best puppy dog eyes hoping to get him to talk about it. Even if I wanted to, I have no idea how.  That was the problem, wasn’t it? He had pushed all that crap down for so long, stashed it in a black box, locked it away, and buried it in the deepest and darkest parts of his mind. If something managed to escape he would always shove it back down. In conclusion, he was fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do what?” Dean would be damned if he broke the eye contact this time.
Ellen didn’t.
********/////********
“Oh, I plan on doing what I and who I want” Dean winked, shooting Cas a charming smile, hoping the other would drop it. No such luck.
“Mornin’” Sammy yawned grabbing a cup of coffee sitting down at the kitchen table where Dean handed him a plate with a few pieces of bacon and two fried eggs. “Aren’t you going to eat?” Sam waved his fork at Dean’s cup of coffee. Sam’s tone was cold, he was clearly still pissed from yesterday.
“Yes, ma'am.” Dean laughed in response, that laugh that Cas refused to admit made him feel warm inside.
“Thank you, Jo,” He says awkwardly. Carefully sifting through the silk paper in the bag he pulls out a light blue planner with bees on the cover, flicking through it, each week had a pollinator fact in one of the corners.
“Bite me!” Sam shouted from the bathroom, causing Dean to laugh out loud. The Idea of spending the night sleeping in the same bed as Dean made his whole body buzz uncomfortably and his stomach was tying itself into knots.
“What do you want me to say? I’m not really an expert when it comes to functional families” Dean crooked one of his eyebrows. Cas frowned “I don’t need you to say anything Dean, just thank you”
Every time I talk about anyone cooking I'm referencing a real recipe, would you like me to link the recipes?
“A coke, shaken not stirred for Red, back there” He joked. Jo huffed a laugh opening the can and tried to get Charlie to drink some.
The other boy looked up, frowning. Dean had never seen him before, maybe he was new or went to the other primary school in town. Dean smiled and waved down at the boy. “What you reading?”
“Just had a long day that's all” Dean sounded too defensive even to his own ears, and he’s right. Cas put down the dishtowel and turned to face Dean, squinting.
“His loss” Dean hit her with one of his charming grins, matching her pose.
They stomped out the remaining embers. None of them thought of bringing flashlights with them, leaving them to stumble back to the car in the darkness. Dean dropped them home one after one, Cas was the last one left, besides Jo.
“That’s awfully inconsiderate of them” Cas stated with a straight face, earning a genuine laugh from Dean as he stubbed out the finished cigarette.
“I saw the way you reacted when Sam mentioned college, don’t you want him to go?” Cas kept looking at him, Dean tried to match his stare but had to look away.
“Thank you, Dean”
I struggled with this chapter for some reason, and I think it shows a reading it back. I promise future chapters, in my opinion, get better .
Jo, who had followed her mom out of the kitchen, reappeared in the room. The hope of burrowing Bobby’s truck had been squashed. To their surprise, Dean offered to be the designated driver as Sam intended to spend the night catching up on work for when he started school on Monday. Dean had nothing else to do with his afternoon, but the offer was probably just an excuse to escape the studying gaze of Ellen, Jo’s mom.
“Hiya, Cas!” Dean balanced the receiver between his shoulder and cheek, gesturing to Sam to get the groceries.
“Jo you know, I’m unfamiliar with these people” Cas frowned at his lunch. Jo let out a  tired sight.
The trailer’s living space had started to look like a home. On the walls hung old movie and band posters Dean and Sam had stolen from a movie theatre they had snuck into in Milwaukee. On the rackety bookshelf was a stack of Sam’s school books, The Giver, and a box set of  Star Wars on VHS’. Over the back of the couch hung a patch-work quilt their mom had made when Sam was a baby.
************
“Can’t hear you, the music is too loud” Dean shouted over the music gesturing to his ears.
“That was…” he started “Awful” Jo finished for him
Dean spotted the source of the rattling sound and cursed under his breath. The water pump was ready to fail, getting a replacement part would be expensive and time-consuming. Dean eyed the abandoned rusty cars piled around him wondering if Bobby would mind if he salvaged them for parts. With a sigh he started detaching the old water pump to inspect it closer, hopefully, he could patch it until he found a replacement.
After a while when Dean is positive his dad won’t be brought up he relaxes, they work in silence that’s not exactly comfortable but almost reassured. They finish the dishes in silence, Dean is drying the last plate when Ellen finally breaks the silence.
“Dammit. Yeah, of course,” Jo stepped away going to check on her friend who was dozing off against Ash’s shoulder.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are quite good at that, son” a burly voice sounded behind him. Dean shot up, hitting his head on the propped-up hood. He turned around, rudding the back of his head not having heard the older man walk up behind him.
The older boy was, for a lack of a better word, beautiful. A defined jawline, straight nose and a smile took over his whole face creating wrinkles by his eyes that would turn into crows feet once he got old.
“She’s so pretty and smart and funny. Her impression of Wakko from the Animaniacs is fantastic ” Sam smiled down at his food glancing up at his brother.
“I’m just bringing you something to keep you warm, it’s freezing out here” Cas didn’t look at him, simply sipped his own tea.
“I’m perfectly fine and content with medical school Joanna” Cas frowned. He did that often Dean had noticed and it made him want to poke his finger in between those brows to smooth it out. He also noticed the tight set jaw, clearly, the topic was an unwanted one.
A special thank you to @moepowe on TikTok for helping me proofread and edit!
“I was there, you know,” Dean says, shattering the silence around them. Cas gives him a confused look. “When my mom died. I was there.”
Dean stepped on the cigarette butt, heading back in, the drizzle had increased to light rain. Doubtful he would fall back asleep, he opted for the hideous couch that had seen its prime in the early 70s and turned on early morning tv.  He must’ve dozed off because the next time he looked up at the TV the infomercials had stopped and Velma was about to unmask the ghost/monster. It must be past 7 am. He got up and started a pot of coffee and rummaged through the small fridge for breakfast, only finding a few pieces of bacon and two eggs. Not much in terms of breakfast.
“Promise me you’ll try and make yourself happy”
Cas never brought Dean over to his house as his parents didn’t approve of “People like them” Cas had no idea what that meant, Dean and his family were some of the best people he had ever met. Cas’ absolute favourite days, however, were those when Mary would bake them her berry pie, serving them a hot pie with glasses of milk. They'd sit in the Winchester's homey kitchen making faces at each other while enjoying their sugary dessert.
“I have a junkyard full of spare parts, help yourself” he threw the part back, Dean catching it with both hands. He had hoped Bobby would say yes if he asked, but never expected him to offer for Dean to sort through the old cars for parts so freely.
Sam had gotten a call of his own an hour later, his friend Barry had invited him over to his house for a movie night and  a sleepover and headed out shortly after with a shout “Say hi to Jo for me!”
I still have dyslexia so my mistakes are all my own. I do go over older chapters to fix stupid mistakes I spot, somehow it is easier to spot mistakes after you already pressed 'post'. A free trial to Grammarly only gets me so far : D
“My mother has decided it would benefit from working with the deacon a few times a month. She also kept mentioning how his daughter is my age and would make a ‘lovely wife someday’ suitable for a future doctor” Cas sighs. Reiterating his conversation with his mother from this morning to Jo.
Do people prefer longer or shorter chapters?  The first few have been quite short, but I might start writing longer ones :)
I'm re-watching the show AGAIN. Getting super back into SPN in 2020 was not my intention, but hey ho here we are and I've just inquired about getting a SPN tattoo.
His deflection worked. As the discussion steered off to other topics. Dean and Ash both complained about the music again when
“Dinner every Sunday, you make sure you’re here, both of you. You got that?” Her gaze fixed on Dean, taking him back.
“HEY! What ya reading?” Dean shouted down, smiling wide when the boy jumped and looked around confused. “Up here!”
Dean stopped dead in his tracks outside the kitchen, Ellen and Bobby were having an argument, leaving Dean standing in the dark hallway holding a dirty plate.
