“Okay, okay.”  Tony smirks, but moves his hand away. “I’m done.”
“Who was my last relationship before Pepper?”
“Clear azure eyes,” Bucky supplies with a smirk.
“I didn’t give you a negative one either,” Tony counters. “Just… Give me a minute.”
are sex, coffee, and dessert.
They spend several moments reveling in the feel of being connected, of being
“Oh, that makes a lot more sense then,” Peggy says mischievously. “What’s she like?  Or he?”
“Tony,” Steve said, relief washing over his face.  He reached out and brought Tony in for a bone-crushing hug. “I’m so glad you’re back.  You didn’t respond and—”
. “Oh.”
“I love you, Steve,” Tony murmurs into his neck.  “I love you. I’m never letting you go again, I swear.  I love you, I love you.”  Tony can count the number of times he's ever uttered those three words on his hand, but with Steve, he can't stop saying them.  It's the closest he can get to letting Steve know just how important he really is.
“Well, JARVIS won’t be very helpful if an alien spaceship crashes through my bedroom and tries to abduct me,” Steve retaliates.  He looks up at the closest hidden camera above his head. “No offense, JARVIS.”
Between breakfasts consisting of waffles or pancakes slathered in copious amounts of syrup, and doughnuts for lunch, and dinners always followed by some sort of dessert (and usually post-dessert
“You weren’t kidding when you said you were starving,” Steve remarked, watching Tony finish his second slice of pizza while Steve had barely started on his first.  He debated making a comment about having manners at the table, but in truth, Steve was glad that Tony was eating at
Tony very nearly walks right back out of the kitchen when he goes in the next morning and Bruce, Clint, and Natasha are sitting around the counter.  Natasha spots him first, and her mouth curls into a wicked grin. “Good morning, Mr. Great Laugh.”
“Suuure,” Tony says, unconvinced. “What’s up?”
,” he amended, “No one wanted to talk to some little guy like me.”
“We’re having potatoes for dinner?” Tony asks, changing the topic.
work!”
Steve nodded, getting to his feet. “How was the tour?”
And later, after they’ve each had their fill of pizza and root beer and moved on to screaming obscenities at each other while playing video games, Tony’s completely forgotten about the entire conversation.
“Doesn’t sound like a very solid date invitation, Rogers,” Tony chided.
articles count as intellectual reading.”
"Mhm.  Okay.” Tony runs his fingers through Steve’s hair again. “Just… go to sleep, okay?"
Their first few “dates” went smoothly.
Afterwards, when the board is milling around nibbling bagels, Pepper grabs him by the arm and hustles him out the door.
“Hm… you’re one to talk,” Steve mumbles.
Steve shook his head. “No, really.  It’s fine.  It’s just… I just wasn’t expecting to walk into this tower and see that, that’s all.”
Steve reached out and gently cupped Tony’s face with his hands. “I love you.”
need a favor from
“The man you love,” she corrected. “I’m glad to have seen a bit of the real Tony Stark, and not just the Tony Stark that the media portrays you as.”
God, he hated this. He absolutely hated feeling like he was some pathetic, lovesick teenager begging his boyfriend to pay attention to him. But he kept seeing the jagged edges of the broken shield and he had to--he just had to try to get through to Steve how much he meant to Tony, how far Tony would go to make sure that what Wanda showed him would never come to light.
“Thank you.” Steve gives him another sleepy smile, and yawns, yet again. “Mm... love you,” he slurs before drifting off.
“Then what’s wrong?”
Tony let himself in, the door closing behind him with a soft
That was a nice sentiment, but one that Steve didn’t think was very likely.  His terrible streak of dates over the past year were testament to that.  “I’m not looking to just date
, Steve. This could
Steve shrugs. “Maybe I just want a change of scenery.”
Steve grabbed the bottle, leaving the box in his suitcase, and got back on the bed, straddling
“I can’t believe you let something like this happen!”
Steve is smiling, but beneath that Tony can see the uncertainty in his eyes.  It’s a nervousness that Tony’s only ever seen in him twice before: the first time being the day that Steve first asked him on a date, and the second time only happening a few days after that when they first made love.
Steve pretended not to notice the Polaroid sticking out of Tony’s wallet when they got their tickets.
"Will you just be quiet for one second and sit your ass down?” Pepper hisses.
“Both of you are ridiculous,” Pepper muttered on her way out.
not,” Steve pointed out.
Thor catches his look and he winks back.  “Another?” he offers.
Tony stepped out of the en suite and found Steve sprawled on the king-sized bed in a matching hotel bathrobe robe.  “If I get pneumonia, I’m blaming you.”
Tony does his best to keep his expression neutral. “Does it matter?”
“You had every right,” Tony replied.  “I’m sorry too—for not telling you, I mean, not for saving you.  I’d do it again.”
“How are you feeling?  Okay?” Tony asked.
, the Man of Iron.”
“Then what do you mean? ‘Cause I’m actually feeling a little offended right now.”
Tony nods dumbly and allows Steve to lead him by the hand.
Tony just couldn’t resist walking into a store and buying a dozen red velvet cupcakes from Sprinkles, or a box of vanilla buttercreams from Magnolia Bakery. Hell, he had even sent Happy on the equivalent of late-night Tampax runs for some of the sugary, baked goods.
Natasha’s seen quite a bit in her life, but she’s never seen such an expansive supply of booze disappear so quickly.
, to go ahead and take whatever Tony was willing to give him.
“It’s not going to work, Steve,” Tony interjected. “And if keeping this a secret didn’t bother you, you never would have brought this up in the first place!”
So out of the dozens and dozens of first dates, there are maybe a handful of second and third dates, and of
,” Steve says again, a smile on his face. “s’not the medicine.”  He makes a motion for Tony to move closer, and after some hesitation, Tony complies. “Tony.”
“That was the dumbest stunt you’ve ever pulled, Rogers.”
Steve looked at him questioningly. “What?”
“What do you think I deserve, then?” Tony inquires.  He isn’t sure where he gets this sudden bout of confidence, but his date’s gone to hell, so he figures he doesn’t have anything to lose.
“Because you seated your parents with them and put me and Steve with your weird extended family from Colorado.”
When Steve gets the proofs of the photoshoot a few weeks later, Tony takes his favorite—the one where Steve’s jacket is open and his tie is undone and he’s making
Natasha looks back towards the exit and smiles.
“I’d never go back on my word,” Amora promised. “Especially regarding a request such as yours.  It’s…” She thought for a moment. “You don’t see that kind of dedication and resoluteness anymore.  It’s admirable.”
"Sorry,” Tony says sheepishly. “I must’ve been a mess."
Well, that explained the elevator, then.
, I mean–
“Then I’ll personally see to it that you never have that problem again,” Steve said, kissing Tony on the mouth.
!” Tony reproved. “If you weren’t lying on a hospital bed, I’d kill you myself.”
“Some of my favorite memories were in that greenhouse.  I know it seems silly, but—”
Tony spent so much of his time trying to keep his heart out of the picture that he failed to realize he had already given it to Steve a long time ago.
“Nope, not happening,” he interrupts. “We are not talking about this right now.”
surprise—when Tony appears to be just as nervous as he is.
“I’m dating a… Steve’s a… He’s a
her stressed?” Steve asked pointedly.
No, he isn’t a virgin by any means, but he does like to take things slow.  The others call him ‘old fashioned,’ but the thing is, he’s just never been comfortable having sex with someone he barely knows.
“Very funny.”
“What’s going on?” Steve asks again.
“I think it’s sweet,” Bruce commented.
Tony’s head thunked back against the wall as Steve slowly sunk to his knees, heedless of the rain and mud now drenching them both. He felt Steve’s remarkably steady hands untie the shirt around his waist. It hit the ground with little fanfare before the impossible heat of Steve’s fingers were suddenly curling around his cock. His hips jerked and he shuddered out a breath, looking down at Steve.
Tony looks up at the commotion and sees Steve storming straight towards him, bypassing all other SHIELD personnel.
to wear his Captain America boxers.
Steve settled back against the headboard. “Look, I appreciate what you’re doing for me, Tony, but what if we picked this up tomorrow?” he suggested. “I don’t know about you, but I’m kind of beat.”
Tony feels himself blush. “Uh… Steve, maybe you should rest?  Sleep off some of those meds.”
“Yeah,” Tony repeats, holding his hand out while grinning like an idiot.
“I know you are.  It’s just…  Stuff like this isn’t supposed to happen to me.”
“Why can’t it?” Steve asked.
“Anyway,” she says, “I have to go.  I’ve got a lot work to do.”
?” Rhodey asks.
“You don’t have to do this just because I brought it up, Steve.”
Rhodey gives him an incredulous look. “You went to the library on a Saturday morning?”
’ is what makes you blush?”
“You okay?” Tony asked, his hand coming up to brush the stray hairs away from Steve’s face.
The receptionist looks skeptical, but she goes back to her work anyway.
“Why is it such a big deal?” Clint questioned.
Tony isn’t sure why Steve still gets like this: why Steve is always so surprised when Tony reminds him of how much he loves him, like he’s…
“So…” Steve started.  “I was thinking that we could all go to a show today.”
“…right,” Tony said.  Steve didn’t know why he didn’t sound the least bit convinced.  Tony had met a few of his past dates—hell, Tony had even met a few of them over breakfast the next morning.  What did he
“You aren’t… bothered by it, are you?” Steve asks, avoiding Tony’s gaze.
“Well, I do,” Tony says. He averts his gaze, looking down at the pathetic mess on his work bench.
, and you want stability, and you shouldn’t have to deal with my past.”
“Are Mom and Dad home yet?” Natasha called out, her eyes still glued to the
“I… I’m sorry, Ty.”  He really is, because Ty is charming and very handsome, and Tony is very much attracted to him, but: “I just… I don’t think I’m up for anything more tonight.”
Tony doesn’t get a text from him that night.
“At least our hotel was nearby.”
Steve shrugged. “Depends on your answer.”
“I’m asking legitimate questions,” Tony pressed on. “Besides, we’re the only ones here.  All I’m saying is if I’m going to be helping you, I need to know all I can.”
Thor clapped him on the back. “Don’t be so humble, friend,” he said kindly. “Tony is a very lucky man.”
.  What on earth would make you think that?”
He manages a good five minutes of quiet and solitude before
—how much Tony meant to him, how much he loved him.  He wanted to shout it from the rooftops; wanted to be able to kiss him without worrying about other people walking into the room.  Steve was certain that he’d never feel the same about anyone else.
“I doubt we’ll have a repeat of our luck from the last time,” Tony said when Steve reemerged.
Steve still eyed him skeptically. “I’ll step on your toes.”
“Movie night?” Tony asks them.
“Well, we found the hacker—what the hell?”
“The angle is terrible,” Steve continued, passing the phone back to him.
“That makes much more sense, then,” Tony mused. “That man can barely operate a cell phone.   He even had the
Original post
“I’m close,” Steve said, his voice strained.  “Tony, don’t—”
“No, but—”
“I meant it as a compliment,” Phil assures.  “Prince Steven was rather unkempt when I fetched him this morning.”
He was clothed in a pair of fleece pajama pants, wool socks, and a long-sleeve t-shirt, but he couldn’t suppress the shiver that wracked through his body.  It didn’t help that his side of the bed gave him a bird’s eye view of the city which, while breathtaking, was covered in a thick blanket of fresh, white snow.
After years of growing up in an empty house, getting sent to boarding school, and being in the public eye for pretty much the entirety of his life, Tony’s never experienced intimacy of any kind.  But he doesn’t exactly realize just how much he’s missed out on until his parents’ funeral.
“There’s nothing wrong with admitting that you find me attractive,” Steve says, facetiously.  “You don’t need alcohol as an excuse.”
The problem was: if Tony couldn’t make it work with
“Tony?” Steve calls, surprised to see him.  Most of the bruises on his body have disappeared, but he still looks worse for wear.
a monogamist, so it’s never with more than one person at a time (unless
Tony graciously accepts the mug that Steve offers to him.
Tony nods, getting the hint. “Do you want me to talk about something else, then?”
“I’m fine,” Tony says, glaring at the offending metal disc. “Is it really necessary to keep this thing so close to the bed?”
Sure, Tony Stark may not show affection in the same flashy, brazen manner he does everything else, but Steve wouldn’t have it any other way.
“Steve, please,” Tony begged.  One of his hands moved from Steve’s shoulder to his wrist, holding on tight.
“Here’s your Coke,” she announced, placing the drink in front of Tony. “Do y’all need anything else, or should I just bring the check?”
—that makes you a more productive member of society?” Steve retorted. “I know you two mean well, but you guys weren’t listening when I was telling you what was and wasn’t working for me.”
“Yeah, I’ll marry you.”
"He liked it so much he wanted to put a ring on it?” Natasha offers lamely. “Aaand a multi-billion dollar company, a half-dozen houses, and more cars than the DMV on a Saturday?”
“What about that guy over there?” Tony asked, inconspicuously gesturing towards a young brunet man wearing a charcoal suit. “He’s been making eyes at you all night.”
The quiet way that Steve says his name is what finally makes Tony look back up, but he doesn’t even get the chance to get lost in the brilliant blues of Steve’s eyes because Steve hauls him closer and kisses him.
Ty turns back to look at Tony. “Well?  Are you gonna tell your friend to leave us alone?”
Wide awake and cold.
?” Steve feels Tony’s eyes on him, and all Steve wants to do is melt into a puddle on the floor.
“What happened to your eye?”
Steve looks shy, not at all like he has his hand down Tony’s jeans and gripping his cock.
“I’m not–Okay, fine.”  Tony jabs a finger at Steve’s chest. “You asked if I was okay?  Well, I’m
“So what are we naming them?” Tony asked.
He swallowed and watched the way Steve’s eyes tracked the movement of his throat. He was suddenly very aware of their proximity. His fingers stilled and then clenched into the muscle of Steve’s thigh. He licked his lips and his gaze went half-lidded.
the one who should feel privileged for spending time with
“Can I kiss you?”
JARVIS responded.
"You know, I never actually asked you, right?" he teased.
Shortly after arriving in the future, Tony happened—the man stormed into Steve’s life and managed to find a permanent place in Steve’s life, and Steve thought that maybe, just
, just basking in the afterglow and relishing the contact.
Tony pouted. “Wrinkles and all?”
Sam ignored him and took a seat on the other end of the couch. “I heard you blew off the date that Natasha set up for you.”
Even now, Tony could be surprised at just how easily and often those silences could creep up on them.
“I know that,” Tony snapped. “I just… wanted to make sure that you did it.”
slept with Tony considering I didn’t even realize I was in love with him until
Tony blinked, caught off guard by Steve’s flippant response as he walked away. The sky darkened almost immediately, as if Steve was taking all of the light with him.
“When we…” he starts, his voice thick with emotion. “When we get out of this, I’ll do better.  I promise.”
out on a date.”
Sam scrutinized him. “…I’m confused.  If you two had sex, why are you so grumpy?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “He looks at everyone like that.”
“I’m never going to be able to finish making breakfast if you d-don’t stop doing that,” Tony says, his breath hitching as Steve leaves a mark on his shoulder blade.
Steve scowls. “You’re really not going to marry me?”
One night, Steve asks him: “Is there anything that you want to try?”
“Stop coddling him, Rogers,” Tony ordered, leering at the robot.  “He needs to learn a lesson.”
either, but that happened too.  Tony’s never been so dependent on anyone—never in his life had he ever felt the need to just be
Tony squirms. “Um.  I don’t…”
“Sure.”  Steve smiles at him, and Tony gets that familiar fluttery feeling in his chest again.
,” Tony cries, his voice a higher octave than usual.  He knows he sounds hysterical, but he can’t help it. “You just asked me to
Tony flops down onto the couch and rolls his eyes at him. “Oh, calm down, you know I didn’t mean it like that.”
that someone who’s so married to his job could look so
“Wait, what about dinner?” Tony asks, confused.
Steve hasn’t minded though, even if it was a little ridiculous. After all, every one had a weird quirk or two.
“You know, Mr. Stark, most people at least feign mild interest when they’re on a date.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “I think they’re really overestimating my abilities.”
Now it was Rumiko’s turn to look doubtful. “Are you certain?  He
Tony found the room easily enough, but was surprised to hear the shower already running in the en suite.  He slid off his jacket and hung it on a nearby chair before taking off his tie.  As he toed off his shoes, he caught the end of the first verse of
Tony put down his soldering iron and took off his goggles. “What?”
"I don’t think that will be necessary, but sure."
: Get. The hell. Out of. My way,” Pepper seethes, and the reporter slinks away without another word.  She pulls Tony into the safety of his dorm room, slamming the door shut and locking it, but they can still hear the reporters in the hallway.
Tony tries his best to hide it, but Steve can tell that the man is elated with all of the attention.
“You think highly of everything Sam does,” Thor teased, earning a particularly hard punch in the arm from Natasha. “That was uncalled for.”
“That was six months ago—”
“No,” Steve confirms, miraculously finding his voice again.
Originally posted
Tony was lighting him up inside, making his nerves stand on end, and Steve wanted that feeling ingrained in his memory forever.
“Do you want to go out to dinner with me?”
dating?!” Steve and Tony exclaim simultaneously.
But the real draw that sex has is the feel of another body against his, because there aren’t any other acts that allow two bodies to get so close to one another.
“We partook in drinking games,” Thor informed, his mouth full of
Steve had to admit that going to the bars with the rest of the team was actually a good idea, and he didn’t even mind that he was stone cold sober because he got to watch a tipsy Clint and an even more tipsy Sam miserably lose a game of pool.
pass.  Time is just a blur, but Tony doesn’t mind: after all, each day that passes is just another day closer to being reunited with Steve.
“I love you, too,” Steve says, cupping Tony’s face. "I love you."
“Wow, that sounds like fun, and I totally would, but I don’t want to,” Clint replied sardonically.
“Same, bud,” Bruce agrees.
“It wasn’t that bad,” Steve assures, leaning against the door.
“Quite a bit,” Rumiko said into her martini. “Does he know of your feelings?”
“I promise it’ll be worth it,” Ty says before leaning in for a kiss.
consider
“Can I—” The other man’s voice broke a little.  “Can I keep this?”
“Oh, I wouldn’t want to drag him into this,” Tony said quickly. “Nonsense!” Thor said. “I’m sure Steve would love to go with you.” “Go to what?” Steve asked again.
Steve looked at him, hopeful. “Promise?”
“Yeah, I guess you’re right,” Tony acquiesces, lacing his fingers through Steve’s and following him out of the kitchen. “I
It’s six months into their relationship when Tony comes home from another long day at work, and kisses Steve on the nose before presenting him with yet another red rose, that Steve realizes how absolutely
“It’s not my fault you’re so gorgeous like this.”
Pepper narrowed her eyes at him, so he offered the spoon to Hill instead, who shrugged and took it.
He feels like he should be angry at his parents for depriving him of any closeness, but he isn’t, so much as he’s hurt by the fact that any chances of it ever happening are no longer a possibility.
“I don’t want him giving up anything for me.”
“Mrs. Arbogast came to the PR meeting today and she showed me a certificate from the International Star Registry.”
"His lawyer, accountant and physician all signed off on it. Tony obviously thought it was the right thing to do, Steve. Things like this… they aren’t last minute decisions. It’s clear that he had been thinking about it for a while, so shouldn’t we respect his decision?” the redhead asks. “Besides, like I said, you guys are married. It would’ve happened anyway.”
On particularly stressful days, Steve likes to go downstairs to Tony’s workshop.
“Um?  Really? That’s the best you can give me?”
Pepper admitted with a sigh.
up—so let’s talk.”
“Oh, that’s—What the hell are you doing, Barton?” Tony asked, eying the familiar red and yellow mug in his hand.
, Rogers?”
“Was it too much?” Steve asks. “Natasha and I tried to reel them in as best we could, but Jan and Clint
” Steve whines.
“Why’s that?”
Steve’s always admired Tony’s attention to detail for all of the dates the man has planned for his exes, but it isn’t until Steve comes to terms with his own feelings for him that he realizes it’s Tony who always does the romancing.
Steve looked at him sympathetically. “You never did things like this when you were younger?”
,” Tony counters as he tosses his jacket aside.
“It was fine,” Steve replied. “Tony, what—” He stopped in his tracks when he realized what was so different about the room. “Where did the mural go?”
“Aw, what are we supposed to do all day then?” Clint whined.
, and he had regressed back to where he started.
“No, you’re not,” Natasha says, standing from her seat and walking over to him.
This one was all teeth and tongue and left Tony’s head spinning.
Around the tower, Tony is generally less shy.  He has no qualms about kissing Steve or cuddling with him on the couch—and one morning while Steve was making breakfast, Tony had come up behind him and grabbed his ass—but once their friends are in the vicinity, Tony adapts the mentality of… of…
Tony looks down and lightly traces the bruises forming on his body: the inside of his thighs, his chest, his neck…
“Worried?  Why would I be worried?” Tony lies.
Steve paused, the pizza halfway to his mouth.  He eyed Tony skeptically. “What?” he asked, unsure if he had heard right.
The cat jumped up on the couch and gently butted its head in Tony’s hand.  Tony got the cue and started scratching behind its ear, earning him a contented purr, and that was all it took for Tony to fall in love with the cat too.
"Maybe a bit of both?" Steve offers.
on the fireworks display—”
“Uh, yeah.  You’re probably right.”  Tony reluctantly gives the man the ice pack and examines his reflection in the elevator mirror.  For someone who fainted after finding out that his boyfriend was actually the prince of his home country, and then told that he was to meet the King and Queen of said home country, he looked pretty good.  Rhodey and Pepper had helped him pick out the best “meet-the-in-laws” outfit that he had in his dorm closet (he’s suddenly glad that his parents insisted he bring at least three suits to college).  His left eye is a little red, but not swollen, which is good.
Tony remained relatively silent for the duration of the meal—only speaking if asked a direct question.
“It’s not about the house, Tony.  It’s not even about the new gear that you give us, or your Iron Man suit, even though they’re amazing,” Steve explains.  Tony’s looking anywhere but him, but Steve is determined to make the man
Steve toes his shoes off and nonchalantly throws them onto a nearby pile in the sand, as if the mountain of footwear
He was just surprised the two of them haven’t tried their hand at world domination yet—not that they ever would because they weren’t
The ensuing silence in the room is deafening.
I’m sure you’re capable of doing the same thing.”
“If you can honestly tell me that you don’t want to pursue this, I’ll understand.  It’ll hurt like hell, but I’m willing to do whatever it takes to have you back in my life again because I miss you so damn much, Tony.”
But then he meets Steve, and the man quickly becomes a permanent fixture in Tony’s life.
“More or less,” Steve answered. “Everyone’s always so surprised that I haven’t gone into shock or something, but it isn’t all that different.”
York would like to thank me too.”
It ended only moments later, but Steve kept close so they were breathing the same air.  Pressing their foreheads together, Steve cupped Tony’s jaw with a hand, thumb brushing against his cheek.
month
Tony let go of Steve’s wrists and moved off his lap, settling himself between Steve’s legs.  He kept one hand on Steve’s hip while the other wrapped around the base of Steve’s cock, guiding it into his mouth.
, Tony—”
“I want to take you out on a proper date.”
you’re looking for.” Tony said, pained. “Don’t you see?  There’s no way for it
“Thank you.”
“Wanna go out sometime?” Tony asks, looking down at Steve.  They’re lying on the couch in Tony’s workshop—or rather, Steve’s lying down, and Tony’s sprawled on top of him. “We could go to dinner?  Maybe a show or something.”
“Um, yeah,” Sam says, obviously surprised that Tony had remembered him.
“Much,” Steve replied with an easy smile. “How are you, Pepper?”
“Just level with me here, Steve.  If you had to choose—”
When they finally arrived at their destination two hours later, Tony practically bolted from the car as they left it with the hotel valet.  His apparent attempt at escape was impeded by the manager, who was waiting to greet them in the lobby.
He shut the bathroom door behind him and flicked the light switch on.  He leaned over the sink, staring at his reflection in the mirror.  His hair was a mess and there was a trail of nearly healed bruises on his neck.  He looked like someone who had a
“Who else was I supposed to seat you with?”
Steve laughed and kissed his nose. “Wrinkles and all.”
His second thought was that he wasn’t alone.
“What
and you didn’t say anything!”
Tony snorted. “Captain America wants to initiate team bonding activities.  Why am I not surprised?”
“Six months. You know that,” Tony says with a frown.
“I admit I thought you had been bullshitting me when you told me about how you accidentally adopted Rover, but you really weren’t kidding.
It takes Steve a couple of weeks to muster up the courage to finally try to win Tony over, but with the help of Jan, Jarvis, and a couple of relationship advice columns in those trashy magazines that Jess leaves around the mansion, Steve formulates a plan.
“No need to thank me for that,” Sam assures. “I wanted to do it.”
dating, aren’t you?”
Tony smiles fondly. “Thanks.  I remember, one year, Jarvis tried planting roses.”
“Us,” Steve replies.  His hand fumbles in his jacket pocket for a few moments before taking out a sleek gold band.  “If you’ll have me, that is.”
“So what? You really think you know me that well?” Tony says, almost a challenge.
Tony felt an icy chill deep in his bones the moment Steve stepped out of his space.  It was a realization hitting him like a freight train, consuming him like the soft cologne that clung to the leather of Steve’s jacket.
“I wouldn’t say that…” Steve replied; he still wasn’t comfortable with talking about himself.  It was just a hobby back then, barely enough to pay the bills.
“I don’t know,” Steve said, sighing heavily. “I don’t even know why
He hasn’t eaten.  He hasn’t slept.  He’s barely even
?” Steve repeated incredulously, finally looking Tony in the eye. “Jesus. Tony, you got
ate.”
“No, th—On your six, Cap!”
“Aren’t you supposed to get down on one knee? Give me some big emotional speech or whatever?  Sweep me off my feet and kiss me passionately?”
But as much as Steve already knew about the man, there was still a lot to find out.
seems more appropriate—in front of the television, dressed in a navy blue suit.  An older couple is seated at the two arm chairs opposite the television, both dressed in impeccable clothes.
“I highly doubt that.” Steve reached for another slice of pizza, leaving the slice with more pepperoni on it for Tony.
Steve gently pried the sketchbook out of Tony’s hand.  He signed the drawing and carefully ripped out the page before wordlessly handing it to him.
be able to change that.”
Tony’s put all of his trust Steve.  Tony’s given him parts of himself that he’s never dared to give anyone else, and he doesn’t regret it in the slightest.
Steve woke up as the first rays of the sun started to peek over the horizon, red, orange, yellow rays of light dancing across the stillness of low-tide.
“I don’t know why I ever thought sleeping with him would be a good idea,” Tony said. “Why did
…a kiss that is interrupted a few short moments later by a resounding crash in the living room.
"What’s the hardest part about dating a Prince?”
Steve said, his voice rising. “You’ve been avoiding me ever since Paris.” “That’s not true,” Tony said, eyes downcast.
Something inside of Tony snapped and he turned on his heel, pointing a finger at Steve. “How
The gifts continue, until one afternoon where Pepper goes to Tony’s office to inform him that all of Tony’s evening plans were cancelled for a dinner reservation at Tony’s favorite restaurant.
“We have reservations at
“But how could you want me?” Tony choked out, and Steve wrapped his arms around him. “How could you want someone like
“It’s just one night.  Besides, it isn’t the first time we’ve shared a room, right?” Tony joked, trying to keep his tone light and playful. “
Later, when they’re both sated and drifting off and Steve is running his fingers through Tony’s hair, Tony closes the tiny bit of distance between them and murmurs three little words that make Steve’s heart skip a beat.
And the truth was that Tony did believe Steve, saw the reciprocation of it in the look of pure adoration on Steve’s face, and felt it in the gently caress of Steve’s fingers over his cheeks. Tony leaned forward and pressed their foreheads together.
is it?” Tony demands.
.  I’m not fucking
Tony moves away to place a kiss on Steve’s forehead before taking his hand and leading him to the couch.  Tony sits and lets Steve lay his head on his lap.
He remembers finding Steve on the rooftop the night that the team had found him in the ice.  His gaze had been fixed on the starless night sky, obviously deep in thought, but he had invited Tony to sit with him anyway.
room and inserted his cardkey, waiting with bated breath when he saw the red light turn green.  He steeled himself before turning the handle and stepping inside just as Steve was getting into bed, dressed in a t-shirt and sweatpants, his hair still damp from his shower.
“I know, but I’m beat.  Long week.  Y’know how it is for us superheroes.”  He kissed her cheek.
Steve was one of very few people who knew that the real Tony Stark was thoughtful and selfless, and genuinely
“Why is there a mobile in the library of Thor storm-chasing?”
Realizing that a cranky, sleep-deprived billionaire would probably be the last thing that Steve would want to encounter upon returning home, Bruce thinks it would probably be best for him to assume the role of the mother hen and herd the eccentric genius to his room (so maybe that would make him more of a sheepdog than a mother hen?).
“Yeah,” Tony replied, his gaze still fixated on the boats. “It’s just… I can’t remember the last time
It was no secret that Tony had garnered a reputation as a party animal and playboy over the years.
“Well, all we can do is hope the
"A few things,” Steve says, “if the complaints from my neighbors are anything to go by.  I’m just glad they have the decency to confront me about it directly instead of telling my mom."
“What about me?”
“Oh, okay.  Uh… cool.  Great.”  He furrows his brow when Steve’s words resound in his head again.  “Wait, how am I dense?”
“Oh, honey.  If you think I won't be exacting some sort of payback on Father’s Day, then you are sorely mistaken.”
“You have me,” Tony whimpered. “You’ve
is —but you have to sound more confident,” Tony explained.
, Rhodey?”
of all people.
“You challenge him,” Bucky answers instead. “You aren’t afraid to speak your mind in front of him, and have never been afraid to knock him down a peg or two.  Most people would fawn over him from his money and gifts alone, but you’ve never accepted a penny from him without an argument.  I… There were a couple in the past who had done the same thing, but it didn’t take long for me to realize it was all just a game to get Stevie wrapped around their finger.”
It wasn’t until three months into dating that Steve realized Tony’s true weakness.
?!” Pepper exclaimed.  “How many sex tapes could you possibly
“Go ahead, Thor,” Bruce said, sitting down at the last empty chair.
Steve does.
Steve’s cheeks took on a slightly rosy hue at their teammates’ nicknames for them.
It took a while for Tony to come down from his high, and when he did, he realized that Steve had stopped moving.  The man was carding his fingers through Tony’s hair and peppering kisses along his jaw, murmuring praises into Tony’s skin.
“What about—”
“I’m sorry for making you worry, but I’m not sorry for what I did,” Steve says quietly. “I’ll do whatever it takes to keep you safe.”
“No, I do.  It’s just…” Tony fell silent.
“Hilarious,” Steve responded dryly, deliberately pressing on the bundle of nerves that made Tony see stars.
“G’t’sleep,” Steve replied.
Ten minutes later, JARVIS alerts the couple of an e-mail from Maria Hill:
“I’ve learned a couple things over the years.”
gossip behind my back,” Tony said with an accusatory tone.
"Steve?"
Tony fishes out the item and gapes when he realizes it’s a
Sam and Clint double over laughing. “Man, do you Asgardians really talk like that?”
“Your self-sacrificial streak is ridiculous,” Tony said. “You turned yourself into a capsicle and now you’re stuck here in the future with me.”
“Yeah, yeah.  I’m fine,” Tony says, still pressing the ice pack to his face.
He finds it funny that the one place he’s always felt alive is becoming more and more like a grave.
the way he looks at you.”
His new body ensured that he would never get sick again, but being out on the front lines in enemy territory in the dead of winter with only a shield strapped to his back wasn’t exactly a happy memory.
“Do you want some coffee?” Tony offers lamely. “I mean, if you aren’t busy or…”
The day Steve actually became legitimately concerned for the man’s health was after Dr. Doom had tried the whole world domination thing again. The army of Doombots was three times the size as usual, and even with the help of the Fantastic Four, it took a good seven hours to finally get rid of every single one of them.
Steve grabbed Tony’s mug from the cupboard:
“How are things between you and Steve?” Of
“Well, it seems that you walked away all right.”  The words left his mouth before he could even register them.
Tony asks him to stay the night, and Steve can’t find it in him to say no.
Steve couldn’t help it—he leaned forward and pressed their lips together. His arms instinctively wrapped around Tony’s waist, pulling the man closer until Steve could feel the hard edge of Tony’s R.T. node against his own chest.  Tony had always been self-conscious of it, but Steve didn’t mind—it was a reminder of Tony’s brilliance, that Tony was alive, his heart beating beneath the glass surface.
by many of his teammates, but only one of those teammates has had a star named after him in a similar fashion.
Steve rolls his eyes. “I guess you all know, huh?”
“Tony, wait!  I wanted to tell you, I really did. You were in a board meeting when I got the tip-off from Sam, and I couldn’t wait, so I never got the chance to—” Steve’s grip on Tony’s arm slackened, but he didn’t let go. “Bucky ran me into the ground for three months and when I got back, I couldn’t get to you,” Steve explained, hand sliding down Tony’s arm so he could lace their fingers together. “When I got to the Tower, you wouldn’t let me into the lab. After three months, I felt so defeated.  I thought…”
, but Tony chose not to dwell on it.
He and his date are seventeen and slightly tipsy thanks to the flask that Steve had smuggled in his jacket pocket.  They had left the prom hours ago to drive out to the infamous lookout point just outside of town.
“Look,” Steve starts, “Up until a few months ago, I didn’t think I’d ever fall in lo—feel this way,” he corrects himself, but it’s too late, because Tony’s already heard it.  “I was… content with my relationships, because they helped fill the void—if only temporarily.  But
Tony looks at him incredulously. “Were we not sitting at the same table?”
live up to his promise to Steve and came to him whenever he needed to talk, and eventually, Steve found himself doing the same thing.
Steve reaches out and grabs his arm. “Tony, what’s wrong?”
,” Steve gasped against Tony’s lips.  “Tony, I need—”
, but honestly, I couldn’t imagine it any other way.”
Tony nods. “Thank you.”
?” Steve asked.
Tony’s choked on his water. “Wh—what?  Why me?”
His fingers slipped from the door and he got about three feet from the shed in the now-pouring rain before Steve caught his arm again and pulled him back.
Tony shook his head. "No, this whole thing is fucking
"It was going to happen eventually,” Tony says, his voice void of emotion, and Steve hated it; hated that Tony was speaking of the subject like he was explaining a physics equation to him. “You can find someone who can make you happy—”
Steve’s most successful relationship had been with Sharon.  Admittedly, he enjoyed getting to know her over the course of the few months they dated, but it didn’t take long for them both to realize that their respective jobs had to come first.  Their split, although amicable, was still a little disappointing—especially since finding someone with shared life experience was so hard to come by.
of all things.
Tony’s frown deepens. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
?  The last thing Tony needed was for Pepper to start scheming.
And by that, he means getting belligerently drunk and sending him multiple incoherent texts and voice mails.
“So… what?  You want us to share
questions.  They managed some small talk, but by the time the appetizers came around, Steve was having a more difficult time keeping the conversation going.  After some gentle coaching, they got the conversation back on track in time for their entrees.
“Well, you might think differently after you meet my parents.”
Tony glares at him. “Thanks for the concern.”
“I’m glad.”
the A.I. quipped.
Steve looked affronted. “I’m a good driver.”
Steve turned just in time to see Iron Man fire a repulsor blast at the villain. “Thanks.”
love you, Steve.”  Tony’s beyond frustrated that those three words can’t even scratch the surface of the depth of his feelings for the man in front of him, but it’s a start.  He pulls back far enough to plant a kiss on Steve’s lips.  “I love you,” he says again when they part, and the smile Steve gives him in return is
engrossed in the contract if he failed to notice the sudden appearance of two-hundred and forty pounds of supersoldier in the room.
"So,” Tony starts, taking Steve’s hand in his. “Steve Rogers, I’d like to take you on a date tonight.  And the night after that, and basically every night after that.  If you want to, that is."
to do anything he wanted to do.  The serum had fixed that and had given him the ability to help and protect others—to truly live up to his potential.
“I won’t deny that.” Tony couldn’t help the moan that escaped his lips when Steve bit down on his collarbone. “What are you in the mood for tonight?”
Thor chose that moment to step forward and put a reassuring hand on Tony’s armored shoulder. “Are you all right, brother?”
Tony looks the man in the eye. “Just go, Ty.”
,” Steve continues, “but if you ever tell me ‘no’—if
“It’s for the kids,” Natasha replied, taking a sip of her wine.
,” Steve said, his lips curved into a teasing smile.
~ ~ ~
“I think he was talking about Steve,” Tony said.
, Tony.” He grips Tony’s hips and backs him up against the wall. “Now will ya just shut up and
Later that night, on the way to his room, Steve passes Tony’s quarters and sees the bouquet on his nightstand.
“Please,” Steve says, nodding eagerly.  He may actually be getting a buzz—the first time since he had gotten the serum.   He can’t quite believe it, and he forces himself to rein in the excitement that surges through him.
He remembers going back with Tony and rescuing the civilians that got in way of the blast.  He remembers more bombs going off, and remembers taking the villain down in much more time than before: there’s exponentially more damage, but significantly less casualties, and even if that is all that Steve could’ve accomplished, it would’ve been worth it.
“Tony, the only reason we’re together right now is because our friends
“You know you can always come to me if you need anything, Tony,” Steve responds, his voice uncharacteristically shaky.
“Are you sure you’re all right, Mr. Stark?” the limo driver asks as escorts Tony to the Presidential Suite of the hotel.  Tony thinks his name is Phil, but he isn’t positive.
Tony nods, even though he doesn’t really believe him.
, I’d have to be
“I’ll miss you,” Tony says when they part for air.
“There is your answer,” Frigga said, a small, almost wistful, smile on her face. “My son has told me that you can be rash—
friends were able to find the guys within the hour.
Pepper furrowed her brow.
is going to happen in the future doesn't matter!  All that matters to me is what happens right here, right now.”
“Your cheeks are looking a little rosy,” Natasha says, smiling over the rim of her own stein.
“I suppose it did.”
Tony took it upon himself to deepen the kiss, tilting his head only to slot their mouths together again, and Steve was helpless to do anything but melt into it. Steve could hear the blood pounding in his ears as a fire sparked in the very center of his chest and chased away the fragments of the ice left in his body.
“Stop doing what?” Steve asks innocently as he kisses Tony’s neck.
"I miss
).  Sometimes, Steve gets so impatient he drags Tony into the closest closet they can find, which results in some very interesting encounters with SHIELD agents.
“If I was, you would have at least told me to my face that you didn’t want to do this anymore,” Tony spat. “That you… That you’d had enough of this... of
"Oh. Oh, uh… that.  Right.  Um,” Tony walks over to Steve’s bike, beckoning the other man to follow. “I’m actually waiting for my assistant to get back with the parts."
“You’re telling me to ask
each other,” Steve clarifies. “We’re supposed to be a team, and you shouldn’t have to fight your battles alone.”
that, okay?” Tony snaps.
Natasha’s look remained passive. “So?  You two sleep in the same bed all the time.  Why is it such a big deal?”
He had promised himself that he’d never pick up another gun as long as he lived.
Steve arches a brow. “Okay?”
“I don’t doubt it.” Steve positions himself between Tony’s legs and pins Tony’s hands above his head—a move that would make Tony feel overpowered were it anyone else, but with Steve, he feels…
Clint finds out the next morning.  The hungover archer ambles toward the kitchen to find Tony making an omelet.  However, it isn’t the genius that catches his attention, but the half-naked super-soldier plastered against his back.  Clint rubs his eyes and does a double-take, unsure if it’s actually a hallucination.
Clint leaned over to look at the mostly developed photos in Thor‘s hand. “They really are,” he agreed.
“That’s not—I wasn’t—That was
“Miss, I’m sorry,” the receptionist says, “I’ve been trying to get him to leave, but—”
“Steve, wait!” Tony said, grabbing his arm before he could walk away. “Steve, I’m sorry—” “You’re
Today’s mission had been a relative success, but there were more casualties than Steve had accounted for.  He takes the elevator down to Tony’s workshop, keys in his personal code, and trudges through the sliding glass door.
He was in love with Steve.
Steve crossed his arms. “I’m not agreeing to anything that would slow my movement on the field, y’know that.”
. Steve, I’ve been trying to ask you out–
from the activities earlier.  His body aches, but it’s a wonderful ache—a more than welcome reminder of the feeling of Steve inside of him, fucking into him like they had all the time in the world.
Tony knows it was selfish of him to practically jump the other man in the living room over a year ago, but he had honestly expected Steve to politely reject him so that he could jet off to Malibu and forget about his stupid unrequited crush.
over breakfast with Natasha.  He even found himself going to bars with people like Maria Hill and Sam Wilson.
“Hey, every florist in Manhattan was closed!” Steve protests. “Is it my fault I got home late from a mission?”
Tony appeared to be enthusiastic, but Steve was afraid that the man was anything but.  He wanted
romantic drama?”
“Tony, why don’t you take Steve with you?” Natasha suggested.
.  Granted, it doesn’t last long, but Steve’s quick enough to catch it.
to each other.  Tony still wasn’t sure how much of a part Loki had had in their very rocky start, because yes, Tony knew he thought pretty highly of himself, but even stooping so low as to actively pick a fight with anyone other than someone like Justin Hammer was very out of character for him.
Steve interrupted him with a kiss. “I know all of that already, Tony.  Your past doesn’t make me love you any less.”
“That’s a good idea,” Steve agreed.  He turned to the man sitting at the head of the table. “Would you like to do the honors, Tony?”
after this.”
“I read the news,” Tony mumbles.
“Yeah, you are,” Rhodey agrees. “I’m selling the movie rights to Hallmark.”
“You need to cut back on the
to me when I–”
The morning after their fifth date, Tony walked into the kitchen only to get a newspaper unceremoniously thrown at his face.  Just as he was about to chew out Clint for the rude wake up call, Bruce walked in and handed Tony yet
“You want me to fuck you good and hard?” Tony says, rutting against him. “Right up against this wall?”
.  Steve’s had sex with other people, but it doesn’t take long for him to realize that nothing could have prepared him for sex with Tony.
Tony didn’t even realize how lost he was in his own thoughts until he saw the look of concern etched on Steve’s face.
“I enjoy being able to take mementos of important milestones in our lives.  ‘Tis your first outing as a real couple!” Thor reminded. “That in itself is enough cause for celebration.”
“No, I don’t think you do.” His thumb grazed over the corner of Steve’s mouth. “When we first met, I said that you could come to me if you ever needed anything.”
“What?”
“Well, that
As time goes on, the notes increase in frequency.  Tony’s glad that Steve’s hidden them in places that Tony is usually alone, because he feels his goddamned face light up like a bonfire
For the life of me, I cannot find the
I am but—”
“Wow, and with…” Hill glanced at the clock, “Two hours’ notice.  How thoughtful.”
They eventually stumble into Tony’s bedroom, and if Tony’s inexperience hadn’t already made itself apparent, it sure as was obvious now.
“Is this actually happening?” Tony asked after his lungs started working properly again.
“’So’ what? They’re delicious.”
“Then you should tell him.”
There aren’t any photos of Tony kissing anyone, and the only photo of Tony holding someone’s hand was a photo of him and Pepper taken right after they had gotten together.
thought about this,” Tony remarked, his gaze flickering between Steve’s face and the container in his hand.
Functions like this were much more tolerable with a drink—or five—but Tony would rather be bored out of his mind than give in to the temptation.
“Maybe?”
--makes Steve feel lighter than air, like all of the tension was never there.
And Tony never really knows what to do after that.
“Hi,” Tony replies easily, and his cheek twitches like he’s holding back a smile.  Steve finds himself attracted to the man’s mouth, to the carefully trimmed black hairs of his mustache.  He reaches up to touch it and then decides midway that he probably shouldn’t and curls his fingers into a fist, dropping his hand into his lap.  He looks up again and meets Tony’s gaze. “Your goatee is so precise.”
“Then
Talk about asserting one’s power.
Tony rolled his eyes.  “Whatever.  The point is: you were a looker
One of Tony’s hands pulled the duvet over Steve’s body before coming up to card through Steve’s hair.  It was longer than Steve normally preferred, but Tony had made an offhand comment a few weeks ago about how much he liked it, so Steve had decided to skip his appointment that month.  Tony’s other hand was a warm weight against Steve’s shoulder; an anchor grounding him to the present, to the two of them—just him and Tony—in their bed.
“You’re like a kicked puppy whenever you and Tony are fighting.”
Tony stops in his tracks, surveying the scene in front of him with a puzzled look on his face.  There are rows of white chairs adorned with hundreds of flowers—
“Hi,” he murmured, a bemused expression on his face. “I thought last night was a dream.”
“Then
“It wouldn’t be the craziest thing to happen to us this week,” Steve said, his voice barely a whisper.  He was looking at Tony expectantly, his eyes searching as if he were trying to gaze into the darkest corners of Tony’s mind, and Tony had never felt so vulnerable before, so exposed and so
consider going back to—
He must not say anything for a while because Steve suddenly looks worried and Tony wants to punch himself in the face for making Steve feel that way.  “Tony?”
“You believe he is worth the sacrifice you made, but does
Steve pauses mid-step. “It does?”
a statement: something that Steve honestly believed was the truth, and Tony felt a his chest constrict at the thought).
Tony pushes at Steve’s shoulder impatiently, and he moves away long enough to allow Tony to flip them over.
Steve’s fingers freeze where they’re undoing his tie. “They didn’t—”
There’s nothing but the shocked faces of the reporters, and the faint cries of her teammates behind her.
“Did he hurt you?” Steve asks.
“I think could be swayed.”
and he’s looking at Tony with so much concern that Tony’s pretty sure he doesn’t deserve.
Steve, of course, simply replied with: “I like him. He likes me. He’s fun, and we want to see where this goes.”
“May I proceed, then?” Thor asked, and everyone nodded in agreement.
“It means, yes,” Steve answers, giving him a chaste kiss on the lips. “Of course, I’ll date you.  I’d be an idiot to say ‘no.’”
“We could do that too.”
Pepper’s words echoed in his head, and he had to admit that she was right.  Tony knew that if anything transpired between him and Steve—or any other members of the team, for that matter— they would never let it affect how they worked together on the field.
when you met me, my name
It had been a while since Tony had been with a woman, and even longer since he’d been with a
Minutes, hours,
they were talking about, and he couldn’t risk losing him.
“You’re supposed to have the most secure network in the world—”
“God, you feel incredible,” Steve groaned.  He lifted his head to look Tony in the eye. “Are you okay?”
“You need to stop being so mean to him, Tony.  He’s just trying to help.”
For instance, it was actually Bruce—not Tony—who gave the team more grief about keeping a healthy work schedule.  Sure, the man could be the voice of reason when Tony, Clint, and Thor had really stupid and reckless ideas, but trying to get him out of his lab was harder than keeping Tony away from caffeine.
“Then why?” Tony asked, the question catching on a tremor in his voice. His hand dug into the shed door and he finally met Steve’s eyes with his own frustratingly-damp gaze. “Why couldn’t you let me know what was wrong? Why did you leave me?”
“I’m entitled to a little fib every now and then,” Steve says playfully.  He parks the car and takes the key out of the ignition. “You ready?”
Steve frowns. “You’re being ridiculous, Tony.”
“So that explains why Sam looks like he just walked out of
Tonight, Steve lay in bed after an unusually quiet day.  He had spent the morning running errands, visited kids in the hospital after lunch, and hosted the monthly game night with the rest of the team.  He and Tony had retreated to their room after a game of Monopoly that nearly ended in a heated shouting match between Logan and Jennifer Walters. After a couple hours of some very enthusiastic and very athletic sex, Steve had announced he was going to sleep, while Tony had retrieved a tablet and caught up on the work he had missed that morning because of… well, more sex.
“My mom would take me to the beach sometimes,” Tony recalled. “And Jarvis took me to the carnival once or twice, but then I was shipped off to boarding school and there really wasn’t any time for things like that.  Sometimes I forget how much I missed out on as a kid.” “It’s never too late,” Steve reminded him.
handsome, Tony,” he hears himself say.
Pepper warned Tony slumped in his chair.
It isn’t a secret that Tony is not veryexperienced when it comes to dating.
“Because I
“You truly are an admirable man, Steve Rogers,” Thor observed.
“How could you possibly be thinking about dinner?” Steve said dubiously. “We
“Tony, he’s
alerts him of a phone call, and Tony gulps down half of the contents in his mug before accepting it. Pepper’s voice rings through the speakers in his lab a moment later:
“Was it always like this?” Thor asked, gesturing at the billboards and neon signs.
Tony was a surprise, though.  Steve had half-expected him to fall asleep, and half-expected him to be constantly checking his phone.   But despite the occasional vibrations signaling new notifications, Tony never took out his phone.  His eyes were glued to the performance for the entire duration of the show (in fact, he only took his phone out on one occasion during their whole outing, and it was to take a selfie of the entire team outside of the theater).
“I don’t suppose I could make this up to you by taking you out to lunch?” Tony offers lamely.
“You’ve got sauce in your mustache.”
"What?” Steve asks, taken aback.  "That’s what all of the flirting, and those dinners and movies were for?“
Between breakfasts consisting of waffles or pancakes slathered in copious amounts of syrup, and doughnuts for lunch, and dinners always followed by some sort of dessert (and usually post-dessert
Tony made a mental note to send a couple dozen more vanilla buttercreme cupcakes to Rumiko for being such wonderful company (and another dozen to Pepper for the ten voicemails she had left on his phone).
“Well, we’re not.”
“Don’t tell me that.  My dentist has been yelling at me enough as it is.”
Tony’s mind flashes back to their conversation on the farm:
Tony didn’t think it was possible for puppies to snicker, but he was almost positive that that’s exactly what the dog was doing.
It’s certainly a surprise—a pleasant and
“But how do you know
“I can’t believe they managed to orchestrate all of this,” Steve said, shaking his head.
“You think I planned on putting us in harm’s way?” Tony says dubiously.
happen.  I can’t give you the
you continue to date me after meeting my family.”
Tony nods dumbly and sits.
,” Natasha repeats.
The first time Tony kisses Steve is on their first official date.
Steve rubbed his temples. “You don’t happen to remember the conversation we all had a few days ago, do you?”
Steve remains incredulous. “Do we
“Oh my god,” Clint says. “I’m sober as hell and for once I could not be happier.  This is gonna be
the one surrounding the tall, leggy blond right n—
“We just… agreed to give each other some space for a little while,” Steve said, and even he could hear the doubt in his voice. “Just a little time to let things get back to normal.”
The press would have been a lot more vicious when he stopped his partying ways were it not for his superhero alter ego.
Steve thanked the AI and busied himself with the waffles, measuring out the ingredients and mixing the batter.  It wasn’t until he was waiting for the batter to cook that he took his first real look at Tony that morning.
“Sure you do,” Sam quipped. “Now that we’ve established that you are head over heels in love with Tony Stark, are you going to tell me what went down?”
Tony’s breath catches when Steve steps out of his bedroom in a form-fitting navy blue suit fifteen minutes later, but the moment is short-lived because the photographer and make-up artists immediately swarm him.
Steve shrugs. “They never said anything about
“Steve gave me that mug years ago!” Tony said. “You know I—” His rant was cut short by the sound of his phone ringing, and a quick glance at the caller ID told him it was Pepper. “Whatever the papers said about me is a lie,” he answered automatically.
—I couldn’t risk it,” Tony said. “I… I couldn’t live with myself if I fucked it up.  We save the world on a bi-weekly basis, and if anything happened to the team because of me—”
“I didn’t mean anything
“What?” Steve snapped. “What is it then?
rerun playing on the television.
“I like art,” Tony said indignantly. “I have an art collection worth millions of dollars.” “
better.  Well, at least I try to be—”
,” Pepper interrupted. “The situation’s pretty much been handled.  We just thought we’d give you the update in person.” And that surprised Tony a bit: it had only been a week since the tape went public… Then again, Pepper was an unstoppable force to begin with, and to have her work with Hill.
Well, none of the scenarios ended particularly well.
“We should probably get going if we don’t want to get stuck in line.  Everyone and their mother is probably at the movies this weekend,” Tony said, already making his way to the elevator.  He heard Steve bid goodbye to his bots before getting to his feet and wordlessly following Tony out of the lab.
“No…?” Steve said slowly. “Does this have anything to do with whatever you told Thor?” he added.
Tony gawks when he gets it. “You didn’t.”
Tony pushes himself off the bed and takes the few steps over to where Steve is standing.  He playfully swats Steve’s hands away from the tie and sets to finishing up the knot himself.  He takes a moment longer than necessary to run his fingers over the smooth silk before taking a step back and surveying his work.
Steve laces their fingers together. “Is something wrong?”
bailed?”
is the thanks I get?”
Tony hesitated for a moment before making a very lewd gesture with his hands.
“I never really thought about it,” he admitted.
“How is she?”
newspaper.  Both papers had pictures of Steve and Tony from the night before with headlines suggesting that their relationship was anything but platonic.
“Steve,” Tony said quietly. He closed his mouth, thoughts piling up behind a tight lump in his throat, and all he could do was call Steve’s name again in the hopes that its cadence held the words he couldn’t voice.
Tony can’t help the blush that spreads across his cheeks.
“It’s important to him,” Tony says with a shrug.  He looks at the man lying on the hospital bed.  It's the second day that he's seeing Steve in his battered state, but that doesn't make it any easier to stomach.
The other man chuckles. “You’re such a romantic.”
“How do you mean?”
“Was that Pepper on the phone?” Steve asked, changing the subject.
So Tony found poker buddies in Clint and Thor, had Bruce as his partner-in-crime in the lab, and chatted about the latest episode of
Steve pours himself a cup, and then reaches over and tips Tony’s up so it’s level before filling it up, too.  Then he sets aside the carafe and takes a step forward that catapults Tony’s heart into his throat.  Steve’s eyelashes are dark blond and longer than any Tony’s ever seen.  They drift up, revealing the bright blue of his eyes.
Suddenly, the King laughs, and Tony wants to crawl into a hole and die.
In hindsight, Steve should’ve seen it coming: the gradual progression of their grudging respect to genuine like to… whatever they were now that felt like the most natural thing in the world.
“You were working, and I…” Steve trailed off, the words dying in his throat. He was tired of feeling like this—of constantly being plagued by the cold, seeking Tony out because, for some reason, he was the only person that could always make him feel even the slightest bit better.  Tony had always assured him he didn’t mind, and the selfish part of Steve indulged in that even if it made him feel guilty at the same time.
’ just yet, but he liked to think it would end up that way.
“I’m fine,” Steve assured, leaning close enough that his breath tickled Tony’s ear. “Besides, I have you to warm me up, don’t I?” he crooned.
In fact, he doesn’t approach the rest of the team at all, but Natasha catches a glimpse of a plastic keycard in his hand and—
and now you won’t even go
to it.
glad that he didn’t stick around.
Steve thinks he’s good at playing dirty—and he
“No,” Tony corrects, “I want to thank you for having his back when I couldn’t.”
“Just the check is fine,” Tony said easily. “But I wouldn’t mind getting another one of those thousand-watt smiles you’ve got there,” he added.
“Why?”
restaurant going to be that… um, pricey?” Steve inquired. “I can’t even afford living on my own, much less taking someone to these fancy places every night.”
“This is different.”
“You told me you
It’s Steve who pulls away a minute later, albeit reluctantly.  Tony’s considering pulling him back in before Steve speaks:
“Swimmingly,” Steve replied.  He set the beagle on the couch to prove his point, and Tony watched as they both cuddled up together against one of the cushions.
Steve’s brow furrows in concern. “Honey, are you—”
And again, and again until they’re pretty much exclusive.
“He might, but I don’t,” Natasha says as she steps into the living room, Clint and Sam in tow with enough popcorn and snacks to feed a small army.
“I appreciate it,” Steve replied. “But there’s nothing you guys can do.  This is between us, and I’m sorry if it’s interfered with the team—”
Steve’s never seen Tony so vulnerable before.  Of course, Steve has known for a while that beneath the brash exterior, Tony’s a man constantly looking for reassurance, but to see it is an entirely different story.
—Steve was belatedly realizing how bizarre that particular detail would probably seem to others and was glad the others didn’t know about it… At least, he
“Good?” Steve asks.
chances of that happening were going to be nonexistent.
“Of course!” She then turned her full attention to Steve. “And what about you, hon’?” she asked sweetly, her hand brushing against his shoulder. “Can I get you anything?”
And given how nosy their teammates were, Steve was surprised they had been able to keep it a secret for so long.
you doing, then?”
All Steve wanted was to have Tony at his side, helping him fend off the high-society ladies that almost seemed to gravitate towards him, and reassuring him that the night was almost over.  He wanted to hear Tony’s incessant chatter, needed it to calm his nerves whenever he was paraded around like this.  Unfortunately, some big-shot engineer or another had practically dragged Tony away the second the team stepped into the room.
Tony laughs a little at the irony of the situation: in the year that the team’s been together, Tony was usually the one that got injured in battles, not Steve. “I’ll be back in a few hours to check on you, okay?”
That certainly wasn’t the response Steve was expecting.  Steve knew that Tony had met Peggy a few times when he was younger, but he had never explicitly mentioned her in front of Steve before.  “Peggy wasn’t like everyone else.”
“No,” Tony answers apologetically.  He keens when the head of Steve’s cock catches against his hole, already stretched and slick.  He loves Steve’s ability to multi-task.  “But that doesn’t mean I can’t enjoy myself,” he adds.
“I never cared about that.”
“Steve,” Tony tried again, “Steve, you have to know.”
He shuffles over to the coffeepot, and despite the internal voice screaming at Tony to run the hills, he stands there, rooted to the spot, coffee mug hanging empty in his hand.
“Think you can go again?” Steve asks as Tony straddles him.
I think
“We definitely wouldn’t want
“Incredible.” Tony leaned forward and kissed him.  He had barely pulled out when they were interrupted by an incessant knocking on their door.
Tony quirks an eyebrow. “I thought you liked Thai.”
“You’re not getting rid of me that easily,” Steve said with a small smile.
“What is with this latest bout of self-deprecating bullshit?” he exclaimed.
“I don’t understand.”
.  He loved when Natasha lost her cool—reveled in it, really—but the last thing he wanted to do at the moment was deal with their petty squabbles.
Tony’s mouth curves into a small smile. “That, I am.”
Steve pouts. “I thought you said I was gorgeous
Steve nods.
“You didn’t trust me,” Steve finishes for him.
Steve’s unmoving body in his arms, and Tony screaming in agony.
The thing is, Tony’s selfish enough to want to keep trying to win Steve over anyway 1) because it’s
They spend two blissful years together going on dates to the café or the movies, cooking dinners together in the poor excuse of a kitchen in their dorm, and fucking like rabbits.
Tony stared at him in disbelief. “You told me you
—still burned him up.
“We aren’t talking about the team, Steve,” Bruce interjected.
“Tony, I’m not…” Steve gets up from his seat. “I can’t.  I’m sorry.”
Steve fidgeted in his seat. “Not… exactly?  We went out again the other night but… he kind of bailed.”
“Does every team have giant creepy paintings of themselves in their living rooms?” Clint asked skeptically.  He looked like he was debating the merits of shooting a few arrows into the eight-foot-tall canvas.  “When did you even get this done?  We’ve never posed for a photo.
He doesn’t even want to know how the hell she knows.  Thor slips out of the room with some excuse Tony doesn’t even hear because all he can focus on is Steve, who is fixated on his own phone.
“I can’t get drunk,” Steve reminds everyone ruefully when Thor comes back from Asgard with a barrel full of mead.
“I know how sex works, Tony.”
“How long is this list exactly?” Steve asked, glancing over Tony’s shoulder.
Well, that explained the elevator, then.
The woman’s gaze flickers to the drink in his hand. “Are you even old enough to drink that?”
“This is…” Pepper frowns. “This is sweet, Tony.  Who is it from?”
“God, I love you,” Tony murmurs. “You… you make me a better person, and I can’t believe you chose me of all people.”  Tony combs his fingers through Steve’s hair.  “Honestly, I don’t think I’ll ever believe it.”
“Obviously steak,” Tony replies. “Nothing beats a good steak with roasted potatoes.  Oh!  And creamed spinach, of course.”
“Oh.  That’s… that’s good.  Great, actually.” Tony cleared his throat. “Why are you calling me at
Steve paced the floor of the magnificent banquet hall, “He’s literally killing himself!”
“No, just…
“Good morning, beloved.”
“I figure it’s a win/win situation,” Tony said nonchalantly. “Although I’m still failing to see how someone like you can be bad at dating.”
“Don’t be.  Everything’s okay now.”
“I had JARVIS render something for the artist.”
“Never,” Steve agrees before closing the distance between them and capturing his lips in a kiss, but they abruptly pull away when they hear the door open.
have.
“Um… thanks.  Milk and—”
Pepper spoke very highly of you, and now I can see why.”
Bucky finds out.  Of course, he finds out.
“Is that necessary?”
“Please don’t remind me of my age.”
Tony rinsed his hair and then grabbed a bar of soap off the shelf and began to scrub down his body.
"I’m not innocent.”
“Fine.  You want to be swept off your feet?” Steve says, and without further warning, he picks Tony up in a bridal carry and carries him toward the bedroom. “I’ll sweep you off your feet, all right."
Steve cut him off with a kiss, swallowing whatever else Tony had wanted to say.  He was already so close, but he sped up his movements anyway, determined to make Tony come first.  They still had plenty of time to do this properly; a whole five days to take his time coaxing out the sweet sounds from Tony’s lips as he sank into him.
Steve’s fingers splayed over the R.T. in Tony’s chest so the light shone between his fingers, watching the light cast shadows on the sharp features of Tony’s face. “I feel like all I ever do is ask more of you,” he admitted. “You already give me so much.”
Being frozen for seventy years in the Arctic wasn’t something he looked back on very fondly either.
“I’m not one to keep photos,” Tony replied nonchalantly.
Tony’s knees go a little weak.  He hobbles over and folds onto the floor next to Steve.  He reaches out, but hesitates.  Steve then reaches up to cup his face, fingers light on Tony’s overheated skin, and Tony feels his heart do a loop-de-loop.
The kidnappers had given Steve an account wire some money to, and while the police weren’t able to use that to trace the owner of the account, Steve’s tech guys and Tony’s
“You know I love you, right?” he said, his voice muffled by Tony’s t-shirt.
“But not as much as you love cupcakes,” Steve remarks as he watches his boyfriend lick his hand clean.  He feels the familiar pull of arousal low in his belly.
They get coffee the next morning before Tony walks him to the subway.
It’s obvious that Steve’s exhausted from the way he’s dragging his own feet: his suit is rumpled from sitting on the plane, there are circles under his eyes, and Tony thinks he may even look a little thinner (Steve can have the appetite of twenty men, but he often forgets to eat on very busy work days).
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, his voice much softer than before.  He moves towards Tony, but stops a few feet away.
“You’re known for your wild and crazy ideas.  I overheard you on the phone with the man from the
because you almost died.”
The first note shows up the next day, taped to the door next to the keypad for his lab.
Tony was still baffled. "How could you think that we’re dating?"
“Is this a wedding?” Tony asks, looking back at Steve. “Whose wedding is th—”
“Morning,” Tony replied, giving him a timid smile. “I got us breakfast.”
He works his hips faster, letting Steve’s cock slip out of his hole almost entirely before slamming back down again.  He knows he’ll be sore in the morning, but it’s worth it to see Steve begging for release.
us for getting you the best sex you’ve ever had?”
Tony had first met Bucky after his and Steve’s third date had been interrupted by some manufacturing emergency, and Bucky had shown up on the roof of the restaurant in a
Tony bit down another backhanded comment.  “Banner and I have been doing this research—”
“Tony was made aware of the risks,” Thor reasoned. “Nothing you do will make him want to reverse what he has done.”
“I’ve got you.”  Those three words were the only warning Steve got before Tony pulled his fingers free and flipped them over so he could kneel between Steve’s legs.
Steve could feel Tony’s cock pressing against his entrance—the anticipation of finally having Tony inside him was great in itself, but Steve wanted more, so he wrapped his legs around Tony’s waist.  Tony got the hint and finally pushed forward, not stopping until he was buried to the hilt.
“I think I have a right to be,” Steve retorts, making Tony flinch. “I’m sorry, that… That came out wrong.  I didn’t mean to—”
“I’m afraid I must decline,” Thor said apologetically. “I have already promised Jane that I would spend the day with her.”
Tony freezes. “Wait.  You and—”
Tony moves his head to avoid it, but Ty just brushes his lips against Tony’s neck instead.  “Ty, please, I really don’t want to—”
All of Tony’s life, he had been under intense scrutiny from his father, from Stane, from the media, and even from SHIELD.  Even now, it was near impossible for Tony to go out for a cup of coffee without being recognized and asked for an autograph, or getting his photo taken without permission. Steve, however, took it all in stride, paying absolutely no mind to others’ stares.
“You told them Steve and I are dating,” Tony said point-blank.  Things between him and Steve had improved since their wedding errand a couple weeks ago, but they were by no means back to where they had been.
“Tony,” Steve says, grinning from ear to ear.  That seems to get the King and Queen’s attention because they abruptly look away from the television and stand.  Steve approaches Tony and kisses his cheek.  “I want you to meet my mother and father.”
Steve felt Tony tighten his hold around his waist and nuzzle his neck.  Malibu was certainly warmer than New York, but it was still December, and since Tony’s house was right on the water, it was a lot chillier than usual.  However, Steve was long used to Tony using him as a personal space heater.
Tony looked over Steve’s shoulder
“Not a chance,” Rhodey said sternly. “Everyone’s worried, Tony.  We haven’t seen you like this since—”
Tony felt his heart clench, phantom pain from the removed reactor spiderwebbing from the center of his chest. Of course. Bucky. He should have known. The only thing more important to Steve than saving the world.  Saving Bucky Barnes—there was no way Tony could ever be part of that.
"Hm… feels good,” Steve says, shutting his eyes.
“I don’t think an hour constitutes as actual notice,” Sam said. “All of this moping wouldn’t happen to involve a certain genius-billionaire-philanthropist, would it?” “And here I thought I was hiding it so well,” Steve said dryly.
Steve had no idea how Tony was able to just take everything in stride—a part of him was jealous of Tony’s ability, but a bigger part of him was disheartened to see how unaffected Tony was by the entire ordeal.
But while the reasons for keeping their relationship under wraps may have held water two years ago, Steve wasn’t sure if they were even relevant anymore.
“You’re an incredibly good person,” Steve
Tony pulls back to look him in the eye. “I love you," he declares.  "I love you so much.  I love you, and I'm sorry it took so long for me to finally say it, but—”
“You’re not fine,” Steve said lowly, but loud enough for Tony to hear. He braced a hand on the side of the shed, bending over slightly to block some of the rain. “We’re both tired and hurt and not thinking clearly, and we probably shouldn’t be having this conversation now, but I know that I shouldn’t have said that.  I know you’re not like them, Tony.”  He used his other hand to tip Tony’s chin up, and Tony just glared balefully at him. “I’m sorry I didn’t think to stay in touch with you. I should have,” Steve said regretfully. “I’m not going to make any more excuses for myself, because I know there are a lot of things I have to work on.  But I need to know that we’re both on the same page.”
by the make-shift altar, where a minister is patiently waiting.
Steve peered over the edge of the duvet and nodded.
“Riiight.  Fair enough. So…” Tony looks up at Steve and links their , “Your room?”
toes.
“Because
Steve ignored him and went over to his suitcase.
The robot made a pathetic whining noise.
“You always use that excuse,” Tony said, turning his back.  He brought up a few holograms wrote a few bullshit equations just to keep his hands busy.
Steve nods.
“Don’t bother,” Steve says coldly. “I’ll be out of the tower by tonight.”
“I fell in love with an incredible man,” Steve answered earnestly. “The most incredible man I know.”
At that moment, however, Steve could only focus on one particular detail in the photo: the dark, gold-embroidered robe haphazardly thrown around Howard’s shoulders.
“Opening the door for you?”
The disapproving look on Steve’s face is replaced with worry and concern. “You should’ve called me,” he says quietly, taking a seat next to him on the curb.
, but… I never say the right things—at least, not when it really matters.  I’ve had too many missed opportunities because I was so preoccupied with waiting for the right person.  I haven’t had a lot of good things in my life, Tony, but I want to hold on to the few that I’ve got.”
But Steve had heard of Tony’s offer to fly Phil to Portland to see his cellist friend, and Pepper had told him about the ‘giant bunny incident.’  He knew that Tony had worked day and night to ensure everyone at his company could keep their jobs after shutting down weapons manufacturing; he knew about all of the work the man did for Fury before he got full-time ‘Avenger’ status, and knew that the team that found Steve in the arctic almost two years ago was funded by none other than Stark Industries (he also learned that Tony had been vehemently opposed to Fury’s fake 1940’s recovery room set up).
Tony shook his head.  Natasha (and Pepper, probably) would kill him if he took the easy way out.
See, it’s a well-known fact that Tony Stark has a sweet tooth.
Tony scoffed. “No.”
“Tony.  You gave him exploding arrows.”
’ are anything to go by)
Steve must feel Tony’s gaze on him, because he looks up a little while later and meets Tony’s eyes with his own.
“You… you do?” Tony asks, bewildered.
Tony scowls, which makes Steve laugh. “Don’t even joke about that.”
“I can’t believe you made us go out tonight,” Tony said (and most definitely did
Prompt: No one's ever done it for him, but Tony loves being the one romanced.
“Sailed a boat?”
Pepper gave him an incredulous look. “Do you really want to go there?”
Tony smiles nervously. “Well, yeah… The media’s pretty crazy at times…”
“I bought the last three they had,” Steve informs, plucking a chocolate cupcake out of the box.
today while you were busy schmoozing with old businessmen.”
“Yes, actually.  Tony’s been giving me some very helpful advice, and I’ve just been helping him try to get back out there,” Steve explained.
to sleep with someone—wait, you know what?  I’ve known you long enough to know that I probably don’t want to know the answer to that.”
Tony’s still busy trying to wrap his head around the fact that he’s been dating a prince for the past five months that he doesn’t even register the ringing coming from his phone.  Pepper glances at the screen before wordlessly thrusting the phone into his hand.  Tony recovers enough from the shock to answer it. “H-hello?”
“If I walk out that door, Tony, I’m not coming back.”
when the metal spatula falls to the floor, but the two men are completely oblivious to the noise.
“I feel—”
…but hearing Steve say them felt like the wind had been knocked out of him.
“Likewise,” the other woman replies curtly, and it’s that moment that Tony decides he likes her. “Marie, would you mind leaving us?  I’ve been meaning to speak with Anthony.  Alone.”
“You’re welcome.”
Tony responds by leaning in and capturing Steve’s lips with his own. The kiss is soft and unhurried: so undeniably perfect.  Tony will never forgive himself for denying them this for months.
“You’re welcome.”
“Oh, uh… I
“Don’t you dare—” Steve jerks when Tony’s fingers brush against Steve’s knee. “Tony!”
“But you’re supposed to be having a fun time gallivanting around the city; not waiting around for me to finish with my meetings every day.”  He stirred in a couple spoons of sugar before finishing the coffee in one long gulp.
Steve?”
inappropriate public displays of affection on SHIELD property
, and 2) because Tony is head over heels in love with him.
Tony put down his tablet and then grabbed the nearest cushion, throwing it at Steve’s face. “Are you fucking kidding me, Rogers?”
“I don’t know,” Tony replied, feeling absolutely ridiculous. “I just… I wanted to talk with you.”
“We’re lucky we got any notice at all,” Pepper muttered.
The first ten minutes go relatively smoothly, with the reporters asking general questions about what transpired on that terrible day: Was Mr. Stark in top fighting condition at the time?  Had the armor been malfunctioning at all during the battle? Etc. etc.
"You don’t have to keep doing that, Tony. I want whatever you’re willing to give me,” Steve says with a chuckle. “I’m all yours."
“Doesn’t matter.  You’re Captain America.  I’m Tony Stark.  You’ve heard about my reputation, we’re practically polar opposites.”
“Any reason you’re hounding Steve and I like the paparazzi tonight?”
Steve shook his head. “It’s not—”
“Bad day?” Tony murmurs, rubbing Steve’s back.
Steve finally looks up and meets Tony’s gaze, and Tony actually sees the tension leave his body.
“We have?”
“Yes,” Bruce replies as he and Thor enter the room as well. “You two are more than welcome to join so long as the PDA stays at a PG rating.”
“Whoa, watch it!” Tony grabs him and just barely keeps him from tipping over and cracking his skull open.
“It was a beautiful wedding, Pep,” Tony said, putting on his best smile. “I had a lot of fun, but I think I’m gonna head up to my room.”
Tony turns around and finds himself face to face with a made-up blonde in a dress so tight that it could only be described as a second skin.
Steve’s the anchor that grounds him, and the rudder that steers him in the right direction.  Tony
“Sex,” Steve says without skipping a beat.
…but the man lying on the scratchy blanket with him in the middle the deserted section of the park does not have any of the confidence of the man who Steve fights alongside with.
be a disappointment?”
Steve looked down at the man in his arms and arched an eyebrow. “What do you mean?”
“What the hell is that?”
Tony sighs and slumps down to the ground. “I’m sorry.  I just… I didn’t want to tell anyone yet.  This thing is still new and I have no idea where it’s going, and—”
“This is all so sudden, Mr. Stark,” Steve says, feigning surprise. “Lucky for you, I’m free as a bird."
“You know you can always come to me if you need anything, Tony,” Steve responds, his voice uncharacteristically shaky.
“I didn’t know if I had to give you any advice on
of himself in public with various attractive models and actresses and the like hanging off his arm, that’s all they’re ever doing.
“Which—which
Steve braced an arm against the shed beside Tony’s hip and bobbed his head down, swallowing Tony’s cock with a low hum. Tony bit down on his lower lip, stifling the urge to cry out in relief. He instinctively pushed into the warmth of Steve’s mouth, knowing first-hand that the super soldier could take a little force, welcomed it even. In fact, it earned Tony another low hum and when Tony looked back down, Steve’s blue eyes seemed to darken even further with arousal.
“Sailboats?” Tony said when Steve came back from the rental stand.
“Uh… yeah?  I thought I made that clear enough.”
call a friend at that point.
“The date, Tasha,” Steve clarifies. His voice is surprisingly steady given his entire body has been shaking from nerves since he found the papers in the dusty leather folder over an hour ago. “Look at the date.”
Tony sat back and studied his bruised face for a few moments before asking: “Why did you do it?”
"We had Logan check them," Steve says over his paper.
Tony’s brain kicked in a few seconds later, anger spiking hotly down his spine. He took off after Steve’s longer stride, not stomping like a child, thank you very much, as they rounded the side of the house to the small wooden shed out of sight from the porch.
Steve stood there silently for a few moments, appearing to mull over an appropriate response.  Instead, he sighed dejectedly and mumbled a pathetic “you didn’t leave a message” as an excuse.  He shrugged and stooped down to gather some of the logs off the pile.  “I figured it wasn’t important.”
"I mean, waking up next to you."
“How could I not?” Steve said softly. “Tony, you gave me a home and made me feel like I actually belonged.  You’ve put up with me, laughed with me, and fought with me.”  Steve pulled back to look him in the eye. “You’re my best friend and the love of my life, and I want to be with you for as possible.”
Tony looked up, his cheeks still slightly red. “You’re wrong, you know.”
“I noticed you caught the attention of quite a few young ladies,” Tony remarked. “Surprised you didn’t take up any of their offers for a dance, though.”
“Right.”
to sensitivity training?”
don’t see the grocery bill every month,” Tony refuted.
“Of course we get caught in the middle of a downpour,” Tony muttered.  He tied the belt of his robe and grabbed a towel off the rack to dry his hair.
... I failed to stay at three sentences.
Steve shows up at Tony’s door wearing jeans and a hoodie, and Tony—young, smart and endearingly nervous Tony—opens the door and invites him inside for dinner.
“Steeeeeve,” Tony whined, dramatically flailing his limbs and resting his chin on Steve’s broad shoulder.
Pepper looked at something over Tony’s shoulder and beamed.
,” he admitted. “There were a couple people after Pepper, but it…  I don’t know.  It didn’t feel right going out with someone I barely knew, let alone be intimate with them.
“I asked you a question, Romanoff,” Tony interrupts.  “Where.  Is.  Steve.”
Pepper furrowed her brow. “Tony—”
Tony eyes him and nods. “Mmm very.”
Steve wets his lower lip—and God, this is
Steve gave him a strange look. “Albie and Chewie?”
spot the note and her brow furrows in confusion. “Tony… What?”
Steve was a bundle of nerves as they headed for the gardens, and upon arriving, Steve was afraid that he had made a terrible mistake, if Tony’s yawn was any indication.  However, Steve had an idea when he saw the yearning look on Tony’s face as they walked by the children playing by the pond.
“This is nice,” Tony murmurs as he and Steve sway to the music.  The band is playing a rendition of
Tony looked up from his untouched glass of wine and into the eyes of his date. “I’m sorry.  I’m just a little bit—”
He was interrupted by a knock on his door, and Clint poked his head in a moment later. “Oh, good.  You’re finally awake,” he said by way of greeting.  He flopped down on the bed next to
Tony could feel a blush creep up his cheeks, even as he felt Steve's hand settle around his cock. “I love you, too,” he gasped.  He reached over and brushed a few stray strands of hair away from Steve’s eyes.  "I still can’t believe someone as wholesome and innocent as you could be so
The corner of Steve’s mouth ticks upwards. “But I didn’t.”
Sam glances back at the sleeping couple.  It’s obvious that this development is new.  Like the other Avengers, Sam’s had to suffer through months of Steve and Tony dancing around each other.  But between Tony’s denial and Steve’s obliviousness, he’s surprised they got together so soon.
Tony smiles back, but it doesn’t quite reach his eyes.
“Roll over,” Tony instructs, pleased when Steve does so without question.  He reaches for the drawer in the bedside table and takes out a battle of vanilla-scented oil, spreading some on his palms.
“I mean,” Steve starts, “you’re by yourself in this hideous tower of yours—”
“No, but it would… I don’t know…” Tony trails off. “I feel like it’s the next logical step in… our relationship?”
Original post is
“Very funny,” Rhodey says, not amused in the slightest. “C’mon, Tones.  He’s
12 Days of Stony Prompt: cold
would be such a hot topic of conversation in celebrity news.
to paint it.”
“Really?”
“Weren’t you were able to find um, company in the past?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony defended. “I just thought we’d go out to lunch or something, seeing as we haven’t hung out in a while.”
Tony freezes. “Peggy?  You… You’re Steve’s—”
Tony puts his soldering iron down, strips off his gloves and goggles, and makes his way over to Steve, wrapping his arms around the blond’s torso.  Steve buries his face into the crook of Tony’s neck and inhales the scent of burning metal and a hit of ivory soap.
“He doesn’t mean that, Dummy,” Steve assured.  He patted the bot’s arm once more before sitting back down on the couch.  He watched Tony trace the lines of his latest sketch.  “If he’s such a problem, why don’t you reprogram him?” Steve asked, even though he already knew the answer.
“Nine times,” Steve affirms. “You left me about three dozen text messages too."
Steve closes his eyes and makes a sound of contentment when Tony starts running his fingers through his hair. “Tell me about your day.”
It isn’t something that Tony is proud—or ashamed—of.   It was merely a fact: just a statement of truth.
Tony sighed. “I know you do.”
After a couple of failed attempts, they managed to keep their boats upright in the water.  Tony was uncharacteristically silent as he watched the boats sail across the pond.
,” Tony replied. “They usually find something to write about after I go to a party.”
“Hey, you can learn a lot about the stupidity of some people from those quizzes.”
“What were you expecting, Stark?” Amora asked, her lips curled into a teasing smirk. “This isn’t a Disney movie.”
Never in a million years did Tony ever think his life would be this perfect, but here he is…
,” Clint says, eyes glued to his cell phone.
“There you are,” Tony says when Steve reemerges in the living room. “We were thinking about sending a search party.”
Tony ran out of the bedroom to find Steve, still in his Captain America uniform, surrounded by half a dozen cats and dogs of varying ages and sizes.
“Clint…” Natasha warned. “Just give it back—”
“What? Tony, no!” Steve embedded the ax he’d picked back up into the base log and took the one long stride to stand in front of Tony again.  He grabbed the engineer’s forearm to keep him from leaving. “I tried to tell you after… After I got back to the to—”
not gonna get over it by just sitting here,” Sam responded good-naturedly.
Tony hated labels because they were so black and white—and well, a little seventh grade—but if anyone asked what Steve had become to him over the course of the past year, the term “best friend” seemed the most appropriate (or “runner-up best friend,” as Rhodey playfully put it).
Peggy smiles at him knowingly. “You’re worried, aren’t you?”
“You know I didn’t mean it that way,” Steve said apologetically.
Clint’s face looked like a mix between frustration and disappointment. “So you two really aren’t an item?” he asked.
,” Bucky adds, a small smile on his lips.  It disappears just as quickly as it came.
want to tell Steve about his nightmare.  Tony desperately wants to tell him everything; wants to make Steve understand
Tony over the moon that Steve wants him—maybe Steve doesn’t want him in the same way that Tony does, but Tony’s perfectly okay with just spending time with him.
to have someone who cared about him so much to threaten the mayor to find him or Steve would make sure his political career was no more.
Bucky leans forward and rests his elbows on the counter.  “You’re a good person, Tony, and you’re good
“You would’ve done the same.”
“That was over ten years ago,” Steve recalled.  Ten years ago, when Steve had woken up to find his entire world ripped out from under his feet. “You barely knew me then.”
Steve just lets out a sigh before getting to work.
Tony looks at them all dubiously. “Who’s dating a prince?”
“You’re don’t even want to try, do you?” Steve asks.
bed—and he can’t help the stupid grin that forms on his face because Steve is his, and he is Steve’s.
happy?” Tony asks.
…which was probably why it wasn’t difficult to go out in public with Steve.
“You’re awfully chipper this morning,” Steve observed when he entered the kitchen.  Tony was standing next to the stove, wearing the
“Thank you, Tony,” Pepper replied, her face positively glowing. “Thank you for everything.”
“Alrighty, then.  I’ll be right back with your Coke,” she said to Tony before walking away.
, so in reality, it’s actually a
“I thought you could do the honors since I kind of sprung the dog on you,” Steve said sheepishly.
“Oh?” Tony says, genuinely curious.  “He does this a lot?”
,” Tony said.
“You have a café—
“Fuck, Tony,” Steve grunted. “Do you have any idea how you feel right now?”
As much as Tony loved to spoil his friends, the man usually preferred a night in to a big, fancy dinner.  He had a favorite blanket—it was a faded blue color that had been handwoven by his mother, Maria.  He couldn’t make omelets, but he could make veal parmesan with homemade tomato sauce.  He put an absurd amount of milk and sugar in his coffee, and watched soap operas in his spare time (Steve had only found out that little detail after walking in on Tony muttering something in Spanish just as a girl on the television was pushed down the stairs).
Tony gawked. “Your
Tony just couldn’t resist walking into a store and buying a dozen red velvet cupcakes from Sprinkles, or a box of vanilla buttercreams from Magnolia Bakery. Hell, he had even sent Happy on the equivalent of late-night Tampax runs for some of the sugary, baked goods.
“Yeah, but let’s not dwell on that,” Tony murmured. “Let’s just focus on this week.”
Tony sputters. “
But one day, Steve invites Tony to a party that his team is throwing later that night, and Tony obviously goes, and brings a couple of his fraternity brothers too.
“I find that hard to believe.”
“I guess after the initial shock of seeing the other guy painted on a canvas wears off, it looks rather… majestic,” Bruce added.
Tony startles. “How long have you been awake?”
kinky side.
“You are such an asshole.”
“You shut your mouth, Barton,” Natasha snapped. “Maybe if you—”
Steve smiles at him smugly.
tower,” Peggy points out. “You made sure of that personally.”
The rest of the afternoon was more-or-less what Steve had predicted: Clint and Bruce ended up falling asleep halfway through the show, and Steve noticed a misty-eyed Natasha mouthing the words along to the reprise of “Falling Slowly.”
“Yeah, because a bunch of celery is so much better.”
By the time Tony stirred, it was nearing nine in the morning.  They would miss brunch if they didn’t get up soon—Steve was just glad that he didn’t have to wake Tony himself because he wouldn’t have had the heart to disturb him.
knock,” Sam countered. “
Steve and Tony waited until Clint’s footsteps were out of earshot before they burst into laughter.
Tony keeps quiet.
Tony moves away to place a kiss on Steve’s forehead before taking his hand and leading him to the couch—it’s a much more worn now than it was when Steve first started venturing into Tony’s space.
“Tony, nothing you say will make me give up my shield—”
Steve looks like he wants to argue, but acquiesces anyway. “What do you want to talk about, then?”
, Nat!” Steve exclaims, his voice slightly higher-pitched than usual. “Tony listed me as the primary beneficiary in his will a
“Yeah, I know,” Tony replied quietly.  His hands came up to rest at the base of Steve’s neck, his fingers playing at the short hairs there. “I love you, too.”
Tony. “Besides, I know how much you love looking like a tourist.”
Tony smiles. “I could do friends.”
Tony takes a deep breath.  His entire body is shaking, and he feels like his heart is going to beat out of his chest.
This time, there was no rush; no unanswered questions; no wondering what would happen between them after.  Steve loved Tony and Tony loved him back, and all of this was just the beginning for the two of them.
“Can’t you fuck me first and
“What’s so bad about Tony having a date?” Sam asked, plucking a cushion off of Steve’s head.
Steve huffed a laugh. “You’re such a dork.”
“I don’t know.  Volunteer?  Learn a hobby?  Do something—
“Will you?  Marry me, that is?” Steve clarifies.
"That would make you the creeper of the century then, wouldn’t it?" Tony says, licking frosting off of his fingers. He goes to finish off the rest of the cupcake but freezes when an idea strikes him. "What about my super hot and super dorky boyfriend covered in chocolate frosting?" he asks. "Is that an option?"
“That would
“I try.”
“It’s still news!”
Steve stirs from his fitful slumber when he hears someone knocking on his door.  He rubs the sleep from his eyes and climbs out of bed, surprised to find Tony standing outside his room.
Tony’s never met anyone that could put him at ease.  He’s never had a partner that could just let him sit back and relax while they showed him everything there was to offer in the bedroom, and outside of it.  None of them have been able to fill in the void that Tony knew he was missing, and after a few more failed relationships, and yet another ex who tried to shoot him, Tony begins to accept the fact he maybe he won’t ever be able to find anyone that could give him what he's looking for.
“Don’t be mean,” Steve admonished. “Don’t listen to Tony, little guy.  He’s a cranky old man,” he cooed to the beagle in his arms.
a good organization (he had JARVIS research it for him), but the team would have preferred to visit the sick children themselves.  None of them had any real business being there, except Tony of course, but Steve knew that he was always just as enthused as the rest of the team about going to any public functions.
“It’s—”
“The dark circles under your eyes are telling me that you most definitely aren’t,” Rhodey retorted.
“I know you like it when I touch you here,” Tony says, fingers pressing into the inside of Steve’s thigh. “And that you’re ticklish right—”
“I love you.”
“If you say anything about his big, innocent brown eyes, I swear to god, Steve, I will–”
It’s nearly midnight when Steve gets to his feet and saunters over to Tony’s chair, settling himself on Tony’s lap before leaning down and capturing Tony’s lips in his.
“Tell me about it.”
“That was cute, too!” Steve exclaims, delighted. “You should do that more.” He can hear their friends laughing and he’s just glad they’re so happy too: he’s sad that they don’t get to be happy enough. “You’re a swell guy, Tony,” he sighs and lays his heavy head on his arms.  He’s awfully sleepy and Tony is terrifically warm.
Tony nods.  “More than sure.  Very sure.  I love you, and I don’t want to lose you again, Steve.  I probably shouldn’t be telling you all of this while you’re still doped up on drugs—speaking of which, I have no clue where they got medication strong enough to give your metabolism a run for its money—but I can’t wait any longer.  I love you, Steve, and—”
“You’re more than I could ever dream of having.”
Steve wanted to tell him otherwise, but he decided against it.  “Did you really have fun tonight?” Steve asked once they entered Tony’s room and shut the door.  “You can be honest,” he added. “I know you’re probably used to more uh, upscale things.  Something fancier than some silly boardwalk games and—”
"Tony—"
It was a harmless act, but at that moment, it felt more intimate than two people who were just friends had any right to be.
“Steve’s not going to be happy if he sees you doing that,” Bruce commented. “Again.” “Where is he anyway?” Tony asked, curiosity getting the better of him.
